My family has had lunch at United several times. It's a nice, classic buffet, mostly focusing on Asian cuisine. The food seems fresh and of decent quality. They have at least four large "islands" of entre-style food (a variety of meat and seafood dishes), one stand for soup, a sushi corner, and at least 10 dessert options. The servers are friendly and quick to clean the table. They also don't guilt customers for wasting food! The prices are acceptable for the buffet (I think $12 per person for brunch/lunch). Be careful coming here on special days or holidays. I took my mom on Mother's Day and they added a $5 "Mother's Day Brunch "surcharge for each of us, even though nothing was different or extraordinary.
Maybe I am just spoiled by Dragon Buffet, who knows, but this place just wasnt really up to par for me. The selections were okay and the food wasn't really that great. They had a huge salad bar, but I dont come to a Chinese buffet for salad bar. The sushi was very Meh. Overall I dont think I would be coming back.
One of the better Chinese buffets in capital region. Staff is friendly and polite. They allow you space and privacy, they don't hound you. If you are looking for good food at a low price, come here.
My friend and I had lunch at United Buffet very recently. This buffet used to be an Old Country Buffet (closest location is in Pittsfield MA). The place has plenty of seating including booths and tables and there are also flatscreeen TVs in the dining areas. For the area, this buffet has an impressive selection of food choices offering Chinese, American, Italian, and Japanese dishes including fried foods (fries, crab rangoons, spring rolls, egg rolls, chicken fingers & nuggets, fried vegetables), stuffed mushrooms, egg foo young, dumplings, chicken teriyakis, lomein, rice, soups, salad bar, seafood (shrimp cocktail, stuffed shrimp, fish, calamari, crab legs (dinner)), mac & cheese, spinach & cheese, pizza slices (kept in heated case), sushi (very limited selection), hibachi/BBQ grill, desserts (soft serve ice cream, cookies, cake, petit fours, pie tarts, jello, fruits), and more. They also had breakfast out on the buffet (scrambled eggs, bacon, & French toast). The food we had was tasty and very filling. We each enjoyed three plates of food before calling it quits and being stuffed and skipping dessert. Too many choices here, a good thing! The service was attentive, as the staff were very anxious to clear our used plates often and Diet Cokes refilled. However, when I went over to the hibachi grill area to select my raw ingredients to be cooked, there was no cook present (at the grill and I waited for about 3 minutes and still no cook showed up. I ended up taking my plate of ingredients back to my table and waited until the cook returned to the grill, 10 minutes later. BUFFET PRICES in 2011 (Adult): Lunch (Mon-Sat): $7.29; Dinner: $10.99 (Sun-Thu), $11.99 (Fri-Sat). Soda is $0.80 and beer is also served here too!
Salad bar is huge!! Food is greasy and everything else is just not healthy. Please don't go here if you are on any type of diet restriction.
On a whim my wife and I decided to not go to the Apple Bees across the street and try out this buffet instead and we were pleasantly surprised. The food was hot and was very tasty with many selections for adults and kids.  This is the best buffet in the area that I have visited and will go back again very soon.
The usual Chinese buffet. Wide selection of hot foods, salad bar, dessert bar, sushi station and hibachi. It's actually a decent place. The waitresses are pretty attentive though sometimes there is a language barrier.
This one is OK, I like how big the place is and how big the salad bar is, pretty much average run of the mill, sushi for me is a no at this place.
I went to the newly opened United Buffet for lunch on a Friday with rather modest expectations, considering that there are many Chinese/Asian buffets in the Capital District -- some good, many not, none great.   I was surprised and pleased upon entering the former Old Country Buffet property to see that they have remodeled and made the place their own, with rather attractive furnishings and fixtures.  They have also added  flat-screen TV's, upon which they were showing sports channels. The food was very good, including the sushi rolls which can be something of an adventure at a buffet.  I especially enjoyed a spicy chicken and pepper dish, and another with shrimp and zucchini.  There was a modest but fresh salad bar, and a nice variety of desserts.  They also serve Coke products, which is a plus with my family. All in all we were impressed, and will return.
It's a Chinese buffet which in and of itself is a knock. to me. I mean, I'm not a huge fan. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular. A limited supply of sushi but it was okay, not the greatest, but passable. A decent selection, it's a converted Old Country Buffet so the idea of a layout for a buffet was already there. Since I don't really like crab I can't say it was all that worth it to me. A lot of heavy, cheap fried foods, which, when all is said and done, not something I'd go out of my way for. Not that'd Id go out of my way for a Chinese buffet to begin with.
Happened to be in Schenectady this weekend visiting family. They suggested we go to this buffet. Food is ok, large slection, from soup to dessert. However, the best ipart is watching the gluttonous pigs charging at the food to fill their plates. If you want to see overweight slobs dressed in their finest cheap stretch pants diving into a pile of cheap food, this is the place for you. I guess its no different than a lot of these buffets and its good for those who really cant afford finer restaurants but can they not eat lik its their last meal in life
Sunday lunch and not crowded, or even busy... and now I know why.  The food was cold. Almost every dish was refrigerator cold.   This used to be one of my favorite places to go. Never again.
Food was pretty good.. Staff wasn't that friendly but they had a huge variety of food... They had a sushi selection if you like just california rolls, cool thing is crab is included at no additional cost of 11.95 for dinner that's not a bad deal at all!
Great place for a great price.
