Oh, wonderful Shop Rite, grocery store of my childhood! Their Can Can sales are awesome - get them when you can, they are really good deals. I may have a slight bit of shame in saying that I purchased 2 dozen cans of beets for my 2 person household. But they were such a good deal! ($0.45 each) When I went on a Sunday it was busy, but the lines to check out were only about 3 deep, and really not that bad. Plus all of the staff were really nice. I can't wait for one in Albany - Schenectady is quite a hike, and I only went because I was in the area already. The parking lot was manageable, and the aisles quite wide. Good enough for 2 carts to pass without issue. They also have cute double decker carts in addition to normal (big) carts. I also like their cheese selection. It's a good range for a grocery store, and the prices are reasonable. Shop their sales and you will go home with a full trunk and a happy wallet. You need a membership card here, and oddly enough when I went they had the card membership sign up in their outer entranceway. Kind of odd and chilly, but I guess it kept lines out of the main store customer service area. Oh, but don't buy their shrimp. For some reason their shrimp prices are always insanely expensive when compared with any other market that sells shrimp.
There are plenty of people around these parts who grew up with ShopRite. I am not one of them. From what I gather ShopRite isn't anything special. Maybe it's the shiny glow of a new store, but I'm already a fan. Primarily I enjoy the product mix. It has a great combination of specialty items and everyday fare, that I would ordinarily need to get from a variety of markets. Mostly i am excited by the bins of fully dried salt cod, especially as winter is approaching. But its arrival has also brought out the competitive spirit of Price Chopper, and increased competition is generally a good thing for the consumer. The one thing I wish for is better rotisserie chickens. They've got Purdue birds there now. I'd love to see some happier meat, like they have at Hannaford. Still, you will find me shopping at all the region's grocery stores. But ShopRite has made it into the rotation, even though it is all the way out in Niskayuna, and parking can still be a bit of an adventure. From what I understand, their second location is slated to open later this summer on Central Avenue in Albany. That should be very interesting indeed.
Oh tasty food of ShopRite, I salute you. Rotisserie BBQ chicken. $4.99. ShopRite wins by default. I was impressed with this store. It seems a little tight to maneuver around the place but I think that's largely because at any given time there are roughly 850,000 people shopping in it. Lots of cool stuff, good selection, and as I mentioned the deli/sushi/etc section of the store is awesome. One thing that was interesting was to see how many people they have employed here. It's crazy: yellow shirts all over the freaking place. Overall, I think it's safe to say that this place is certainly better than Price Chopper and on par with Hannaford. If they had a ShopRite closer to where I live, I'd probably use it more often.
I am torn on this review, but for now I can't go higher than two stars due to the ridiculous way the aisles are setup with items stacked at the ends. Likes- The produce area, the cheeses and sausages, prepared foods, pre-sliced lunch meats (not pre-packaged, just pre-sliced). We really enjoyed this end of the store. The checkout was also efficient with a ton of registers open. Dislikes- They obviously sacrificed the size of the aisles for the part we liked so much. Super tight aisles (tighter than Price Chopper or Hannaford in Clifton Park), then to compound the issue they stack extra merchandise at the end of the aisles!!! Really obnoxious and made it nearly impossible to shop there when busy. It's pretty clear to me they are sacrificing the back of the store to sell the more profitable edge of store items. This is fine to an extent, but I was unhappy with their selection of coffee and some other middle of store items. The guy at the meat counter was also a bit confused with my questions, which isn't uncommon but it also means they aren't any better than Price Chopper or Hannaford.
Great for fresh fish. But the staff at check out is poorly mannered. The layout and colors give me a head ache. I only shop here for fish and when other stores are closed.
I have to say the customer service is lacking now that they have been open awhile.  I have been ignored one to many times at the deli counter when there have been several employees behind the counter.  The only use the number system when someone like myself brings it to their attention.  Today I witnessed an employee behind the Asian counter picking his nose while he was waiting with two others for customers.  REALLY?  and no he did not wash his hands afterwards.  I didn't plan on buying anything at that counter and will not in the future.  What is wrong with people?  We can see you, have you forgotten?   I become more and more discouraged each time I shop there.  Too bad Shoprite, I thought you had it together.
A little better than Price Chopper, but still very limited if one wants something a little different.
I was excited about this store because of the proximity to where I live... After a few visits I'm back to hannaford!
I've been using ShopRite's Shop at Home service for a while now, and I have to say it's great. I've only used the pickup option, so I just swing by on my way home from work and my groceries are ready and waiting for me. If they're out of a certain item, they'll call to let me know and ask if they can substitute. The only bummer is that you can't use your own bags, but there's really no practical way of doing that.
I was so excited to see that ShopRite did home delivery of grocery's in my area, after all who like grocery shopping... I placed my order online, and was so happy to see the variety that was offered. Then an employee called to verify my order. This is where it went down hill. They were not very friendly on the phone, then the woman continued to tell me that several of my items that I ordered were out of stock or not carried by them. So she offered me replacement item for the same price. I figured yeah why not. So then the delivery person, couldn't find my place, but after 10 min of giving directions they finally made it with my order. They were slow to brining my order to the door. Then I paid for my order. They don't take the coupons off our order at the time, you are credited the money for a future order. This didn't make me very happy. Then there handheld credit machine couldn't get a signal so they were wondering around with my credit card, making me nervous. So after that was all taken care of I started to unload my grocery's. I noticed that some of the items that I was told would be replaced with other items were missing. So I called the store. I was told that the person that handles customer service left for the day, but they would call me back. They called me the next day, and I told them about the missing items. The woman told me  very rudely, that she couldn't credit me any money because they had no proof of the missing items. I said," so you would rather lose a customer them credit me the $9 in items I'm missing?" and the woman said "Yes"! Needles to say, I have never returned as a customer. I was hoping this would solve my grocery shopping issue, by ordering at least once a month. But they lost a customer for good.They need to look into their poor customer service, as anyone that stated this is telling the truth!  I would never recommend using their delivery service. So I can only imagine what it is like going into the store.
Hey Shoprite, it's me again! Did you think I'd forgotten you? Well, I've been trying, but the stark reality is there's a dozen or so items you carry we can't find anywhere else, and you're awfully convenient. So I keep coming back to you, even though I know you're no good for me. Well yesterday, Shoprite, you were giving me the cold shoulder. You made me wait for ten minutes at the "service" desk to get some milk bottles returned for the deposit while you and the lady in front of me discussed various ways to play the lottery. It dawned on me that she was redeeming some kind of $1 or $2 winner and the two of you were figuring out how she should re-invest the money. I was going to suggest investing in milk bottle deposits, because you at least get 100% of your money back, but then I realized, oh, right, here I am and I don't have my money back yet, do I. Then you boxed me in in Aisle 12. You were restocking on one side, and I started to pull my cart around you, but you moved the restock cart to block the way. Patiently waiting for you, I finally gave up and turned around only to see *two* restock carts behind me, and two of your staff engaging in some kind of conversation that made me magically invisible, and, apparently inaudible when I said "excuse me" several times. And then at the checkout line, you gave me the cold shoulder once again. Even though there were about twelve customers in the place, and you had eight or nine of your employees milling around, you only had two non-Express checkout lines open. And you staffed them with the sleepiest clerk I've ever seen. I had two bags of wheat gluten rung up five times, and unwinding that seemed to take what little energy you had. Baby, I love to spend time at the grocery store, but sometimes I just need a quickie visit, you know, in and out and back to my business. Yesterday was one of those days, and you acted like you wanted to keep me in the store forever, but I wasn't getting any real warmth out of the experience. I realize this may not have been a good time for you, but it never seems to be a good time for you these days, and I have my needs and I'm really thinking it's a bad match between you and me. Were you trying to get my attention? Were you mad at me for not paying attention to you for such a long time, and you were trying to make a point? Well, message received, Shoprite! WE ARE BREAKING UP AGAIN. I hope you're very happy with your new customerfriend, if you can find one, and I wish you the best, no hard feelings.
ShopRite is like New Jersey. Don't be scared, it smells better than New Jersey. I used to live in New Jersey and believe it or not, I actually enjoyed it, so anything that reminds me of my residence there I generally have a (cautiously) positive feeling towards. Naturally, when I heard ShopRite was opening up nearby, I was pretty excited. But like New Jersey's streets, the store's aisles are busy and unforgiving for wrong or missed turns. Perhaps it's because the store is so new but I have yet to find an un-busy time to shop here. And not unlike New Jersey, it's expensive. I finally noticed on my 3rd visit that everything seems to always be on sale and even with the "sale" or "Price Plus" rewards price, the items I regularly buy are more expensive at ShopRite than at Hannaford or Price Chopper. There is apparently a company policy that the cashiers have to tell customers how much they saved so you feel like you're getting a great deal, and I'm ashamed it took me this long to figure it out. Just like my current Jersey situation (no pun intended) - I'll only visit occasionally and prefer to drive the extra mile to Hannaford (or New York City, depending on which analogy you're following).
Why I've changed my mind about shop rite, and REFUSE to go there: Complete LACK of customer service. From every angle which makes it absolutely CLEAR they do not care about me as a customer, so I'll go to places who have made it clear that they do. First of all I've never been checked out by people who look more bored with their life then the cashiers of ShopRite. I've also never felt so pressured to make sure I have MY own personal ShopRite card and when my father went in and tried to use mine cause he didn't have one yet they threw a fit (cause you apparently can't do that). I've also had cashiers get yelled at in front of me because they almost used THEIR card for a customer. "you'll get fired for that". Seriously? Second, I've e-mailed them twice. First to say I loved the store and made suggestions of vegan items I'd love to see there. No response, not even a automated "we care, but we're busy" response. Then I wrote again because I was tail gated all the way down balltown rd by a ShopRite driver who then cut infront of cars and never used a blinker (I've seen this happen twice now). No response to that either. Thank you ShopRite for making sure I know you don't care. Good luck, I'll be driving right past you to Hanford, or making a stop at the co-op where I've always gotten responses to my questions and concerns.
