Oh my gosh.  What is not to love?  The Little is so charming, reasonably priced and has a great, ever changing choice of movies.   The student membership was one of the best purchases I ever made.  35$ for 10 movie tickets PLUS you're supporting the theater!  What could be better? I love that they have a cute jazz/wine/cafe stuck on the side of the place so you can eat while you wait for your movie to start Definitely the center of Indie Film in Rochester.
The Little is a true gem of a movie theater... kinda like the Alamo Drafthouse minus beer. It's a seriously cool place to catch a first run independent film, the theater is noted for it's ability to program & slot films that may be a bit too outré for the big chains. On top of that, the attached cafe serves up a wide variety of foodstuffs (paninis, wraps, salads, quiches and soups), tasty desserts, Italian sodas, coffees, tea, beer & wine. Live music can be heard most days; regulars include the Djangoners, Margaret Explosion, Annie Wells, Connie Deming, Charlie Mitchell Trio & the ever eclectic Watkins & Rapiers. If you're visiting Rochester, make sure to include a stop @ the Little.
The Little is a great place to come for a movie, especially those movies that aren't necessarily "mainstream."  The cafe is a great addition too, and a nice place to stop in before/after your movie.  The prices are definitely reasonable, and the atmosphere is definitely better than the huge theaters.  It's centrally located too, so makes date nice easy, if you want to grab dinner on East Ave before the show!
The Little is one of my favorite local movie theatres because if it's showing there, I probably want to see it.  Art house, indy, local film festivals -- it's a film-lover's dream.   The Little is all about atmosphere, and there's nothing better than this place when it comes to fostering the Rochester family of movie-lovers.  And you can get a soup or sandwich at the local cafe and have your dinner in front of the big screen (but leave at least 15 minutes for them to prep it before your movie).   Tickets to regular shows are never more than $8, and there are two ways to get deals:  you can buy a 5-pack of vouches for $35 (they never expire) or you can go on Mondays, when admission is only $5.  There are also a ton of member benefits, including a late-night option that will get you into any of their later showings (starting around 9pm) for the grand old price of F-R-E-E.   The best thing about The Little?  Every year, they show the Animated and the Live Action Oscar-Nominated Shorts usually around 3 weeks before the Oscars.  If you've never seen them, it's a fantastic way to expose yourself to a bunch of new films.  After all, if you can see five movies in one sitting -- you're sure to like at least one of them!
Had a wonderful experience. Went and saw "Obvious Child" here after it opened. While the theaters and layout of the buildings is a little confusing for a first timer - the inexpensive ticket price and amazing buttered popcorn makes up for it. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. I loved the outdoor tables and seating in the back parking lot. I'd give Little six stars if I could.
New Seats?  When did that happen?  Has it really been than long since I've been here?  A friend and I visited a couple of weeks ago to check out "The Book Theif" and had a good time in the new seats. I really like the Little.  It's a great place to catch an independent film, and I love being able to support local businesses.  It's nice to have a place that offers international films and holds events like the Polish Film Festival.  For a small city to have a gem like the Little is a privilege! I've eaten in the cafe before and it is an eclectic little spot that's has live music to enjoy.  A great place to grab a warm drink and catch up with a friend.   Parking can be tricky sometimes as the area can get pretty busy.  Be prepared to walk a short distance on those busy evenings.
Absolutely one of Rochester's best treasures. The main theatre is an Art Deco style with a neon sign and an old style movie board. I love getting the art house experience in this throwback theatre. The many festivals that the Little hosts are also darn good. Membership entitles you to nice discounts and students also receive a price break. Love this place!!!
The Little is a piece of Rochester history that never fails to bring outstanding films, series, documentaries and more to our area. The prices are way more reasonable than a chain theatre and it's a safe bet to say that any movie coming to The Little is probably really good. To add to their offerings, they have a lovely cafe and live jazz on certain evenings...the best! This is definitely one of my favorite places in Rochester! Shop local!
The Little Theater is an old fashioned type of movie house.  It has lots of charm and they present off the beaten path movies series as well as artistic venues presentations(Opera,ballet, arts). The little cafe have a nice mix menu to munch before or during the movie.  Their popcorn is the best in town. I've been here for film festivals. Can't wait to go back.
The Little is an institution in Rochester made even better by the addition of digital projectors.  The quality of the movies is top notch, which was the one thing that detracted from the theatre in the past.  The movie quality is excellent, no place else comes close in Rochester (though every now and then Pittsford Plaza gets some good indie films).  The price is very reasonable, less than $7 for a matinee, and the food is equally reasonable (and pretty tasty).  They serve Java's coffee and have all sorts of stuff from other local eateries all at reasonable prices.   I mean, it's not the place to see the Hunger Games, but any of the lesser known, but artistically brilliant movies out there will end up at the Little and there is no place better for you to go.
I have been a member of the Little for over a year and love it. If you get a membership (student is $35=2.90 a movie) and a regular membership is $50 ($4.20 a movie) it ends up paying off in the long run. The cool thing about the memberships is you can also treat the person you are going with and just have the staff member sign off on one of your boxes in your card. I prefer to come to the little rather than seeing more summer blockbuster sequel crap that hollywood spits out. The movies here are excellent. Last week I saw the latest Almódovar film, and an independent american film. Can't wait to see Blue Jasmine next week.
Just saw "The Butler" at The Little Theatre and I must say.. The Little was way cooler than the megawonderbigasafootball multiplex theaters that are popping up all the time now.   First the movie... I give it a 10, I must confess I walked into the theater not really geared up for another movie about "The Help".... soooooo was off the mark!  Loved the acting, loved the sets, historical feeds, portrayal of presidents past.... it was a big wow!  I loved this movie, immediately called my friends who couldn't make it and told them to go see it. Now The Little, great staff, great snacks and $4.50 for a medium popcorn.... SAY WHAAAAA??? I don't have to take out a loan to get a snack?  Theatre was clean seats were comfy.... one downfall... no cup holders.... but since the movie wasn't crowded it wasn't a problem.  Did you know they have cake????? OMG! .... okay.. it was nice.
If the seats were like amc I would give 5 stars. Can't beat the price at all especially on a weekend and night. There r 5 theaters all together. They show movies that r indie films but also oscar winners. Came to see award winning Dallas buyers club. They also have cheaper concession and a little restaurant with live music.
At the Little Theatre, you can always count on a great roster of films that have limited availability in the area. I always used to go when I was a student in Rochester and you can't beat the student price of $5. I believe the full price without discount is $8. Other theatres are well above that, usually. Aside from the great films they show, the café is an added perk with a great selection of beverages and gourmet snacks/offerings. So many independent/foreign film venues now are taking on the corporate movie theater feel, but not the Little! It's just a great little local place that maintains its feel of authenticity. Located on East Ave, it's right in the heart of the City and a great area to take a walk around before or after your showing. If you play your cards right, especially on a weeknight after a movie has been playing there for awhile, you might even get a private showing! Of course I hope their business continues to be good, but it *is* kind of a fun experience having a theater all to yourself!
Saw 'Blue Jasmine' here on a Thursday night. Theatres 2-5 are in the back, as I had to have help figuring out haha. :-) Clean theatre, relaxed kids working the place, and it seems very renovated and modernized, despite the cool antique-styled exterior. Loved it here, especially with the half-full house of a weeknight. Cafe snacks are very affordable, which I would never even attempt to say about larger multiplexes. An adult nighttime ticket is $8. I would definitely return!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? It's an adorable cinema that somehow manages to fit 4 screens through its winding hallways.  A fully stocked refreshment stand with baked goods from their cafe (I wish the cafe opened earlier than 5 - it looked adorable but we missed out being there for a matinee). Staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable.  They may be in need of some renovations, but that is most definitely part of the charm.  I wouldn't want them to change anything!
The Little Theatre is one of the great little institutions of Rochester helping to create a rich quality of life for Rochester residents. Much has been mentioned in previous reviews about the offering of hard-to-find Independent and foreign films, gourmet nibbles and drinks, as well as live music. I have been frequenting The Little since the 1980's and have found it to be a place of inspiration. The Little is run by a not-for-profit film society who does their very best to help preserve art and film. I think it quite appropriate for the city that raised George Eastman to have theatres like The Little, Dryden, and The Cinema to ensure we honor our roots. As their Web site states: "it is apparent that the Little, like many arts institutions, will not survive on box office and concession revenue alone. Community support is essential. With community support the Little will survive for another 75 years and beyond." Folks who's employers participate in RARES (Regional Area Recreation Employee Services) can purchase discounted admission ahead of time for $6.50.
If I am going to see a movie, the first thing I do is see if it's playing at the Little Theatre. I'm going to support our local Rochester independent theatre any chance I get. I prefer the unique movie experience you get at the Little, especially when I can stop in the cafe for a yummy latte and snack before head into the theater. I love that I can count on the Little to show the indie or lesser known films that I often get excited about when national promo commercials air. When they say "only in select theaters" I can trust it will make its way to the Little. In addition, the Little hosts a great deal of film series and showcases local & student filmmakers. For most considering a movie's impact on their pocket change, the Little has a fair price for a great film w/ adult tickets at $8 and students at $5 (Sun.-Thurs.).  Support your local theater!
I feel smart when I go to The Little. ... Ok, there's actually a lot more to say than that. The Little is great. It is a completely different sort of experience than going to one of the megaplexes around here.  The movies are more interesting and varied than the same old stuff that goes to the big places. Their refreshments are gourmet and tasty. Their employees are hip and friendly. It is also cheaper than the big theaters! And cheap is good, especially when it is also better!
The Little seems to be a Rochester institution, and has a great selection of independent and foreign films, as well as larger blockbusters. Prices are reasonable. They have a yearly 'membership' which entitles you to a lower price on your films-- perhaps a good deal if you're a student or if you plan to return to the Little often. I'd rather just have a decent everyday price rather than a cutesy membership. I will return to the Little.
This place is kinda groovy. If it were trying to compete with the megaplexes in the 'burbs, playing the latest 3-D Pixar movies and catering to the masses, they'd totally be out of business. The theaters are super old school without stadium seating, not a lot of legroom, no recliners, and horrible parking. BUT, it does have the most recent indy flicks, limited previews, reasonably priced homemade-style popcorn (that tastes amazing), local art displays and a neat little cafe with live music on occasions. If you've ever been to the Angelika theater chain (particularly the ones in Dallas), it's somewhat similar to that, only a little smaller, and with way better popcorn. This is definitely one of the coolest places in Rochester.
This is my /favorite/ movie theatre in all of New York State (including NYC). I love its moderate size, selection of movies, pricing, and the cafe. I love spending time there. Though the chairs could use updating and the parking isn't the most convenient, it's cheaper than a blockbuster-type theatre, shows foreign and independent movies, and offers *real* food at the concession stand.
The Little Theater is the only major indie movie theater in town and it's the only one that's needed.  Not only are there great movies, but the theater plays host to the Rochester Film Fest every year which brings film critics, lovers, and visitors from around the world.  I've gone a couple of times and it's one of the only attractions that get the Canadians coming down our way from Toronto instead of the other way around. And don't just think that The Little plays big for its festival.  Every weekend it's something.  There's a little cafe (aptly called "The Little Cafe") adjoining the theater that features live instrumentation - jazz quartets, soloists, etc - weekly.  The food in the cafe is only so-so, but the wine is pretty good and the desserts aren't half bad either.  Really, you go there for the ambiance.  It's the perfect place for a date night... :)
My ideal movie theater offers films that venture beyond Hollywood tripe, is devoid of louts who shine laser pointers on the screen, isn't so packed that I'm forced to freestyle though teeming humanity to access the ticket counter and restroom and one of the last few empty seats in the theater, sets the volume below the threshold for hearing damage, and provides me with a comfortable seat. In the case of The Little, I say 3.75 out of 5 ain't bad. Gripes first, 'cause that's the mood I'm in.   The Little suffers because it is a commercial venture and because this is Rochester.  In this far-from-primary market it can be 6 months to a year after the debut of a film before the Little can lay hands on it, and some films I've looked forward to haven't come at all.  The Little will also park an example of popular/lucrative drivel (Poster Child: My Big Fat Greek Wedding) on a screen long-term in a bid to make some money, while other edgier and less accessible films have blink-and-you'll-miss-them engagements. The movie times drive me nuts.  The early evening times are too early to comfortably make after coming home from work.  If we decide to eat and then catch the "late" show, we frequently have an hour to burn before the film begins.  When it's too much trouble to figure out how to fill it, we ditch the film and do something else.   Once in the theater, the surprisingly uncomfortable seats bust my butt, punish my back, are impossible to slouch in properly, and are so close to the seats in front that I splay my legs and invariably find myself playing footsie with my neighbor.  The theaters betray the dirt of ages - that ground-in, tired dirt that can't be washed away and that I always associate with an elderly person's long-time residence.  And, oh my, the chunky, gloppy, nasty, black insulation stuck to the ceilings .... That said, I appreciate The Little and am glad it's here. I'm still blown away thinking about them having FIVE screens.  Very cool.  The other theaters that I've known (in other cities) that show independent/alternative films only have one or two. The Little may not be able to show everything that's out there, but they do a great job of bringing a lot of little-known and talked-about-in-independent-film-circles films to Rochester.  There's almost always something interesting showing on their screens, and devoting their screens to the year's multiple film festivals (offering a great variety of unknown and truly alternative efforts) is a great idea.  They also set aside the occasional week to showcase a set of related films.  There isn't anything else in the area to rival them. There's hardly ever a crush of people, and those that come have come to see the film, not be an irritant.  The Little doesn't need to blast the volume to drown out the miscreants. The cafe offers some decent stuff (with vegetarian-friendly soups and sandwiches), and I rarely have trouble finding a seat.  Although, it's a small space, and it can be tough to eat here if you don't get into the live music - there's no escaping it. Parking isn't bad, if you're flexible.  I can infrequently find a spot in their small lot, I only look for a spot in the lot they share with 2 Vine if it's right before the last film showing, and most times I just head straight to the garage on Scio.  There is a gravel lot on the other side of 2 Vine - it's probably fine but I don't get good vibes from it.
Fun indie theater in Rochester! It's very charming-yet-modern. They have 5 theaters -- one in the main building and 4 in the back. My family and I watched a film in Theater 2 on Thursday night. It was decently attended. There were also a few fixed gear bikes out back too. Haha. They also feature a cafe with live jazz and a nice concession stand. I agree that the chairs can be updated to be more comfortable, but overall it's a great theater worth supporting.
The Little Theater was my first "art house" movie theater experience in college and as such will always hold a special place in my heart.  (One of my greatest film experiences ever was watching Pulp Fiction on opening night in Theater 1 in an absolutely packed house!) Even today just the sight of their marquee while driving down East Ave makes me super happy. All nostalgia aside, the Little is pretty much the perfect place.  First off, there are five screens which allow for a pretty decent selection of independent films each week.  The seats are comfortable and the sound is good.  I love that they play music and show local ads for local businesses and non-profit organizations before the movie instead of the silly, obnoxious Hollywood nonsense you get at the multiplexes.   Where the Little really excels is the adjacent cafe & superb concessions!  I used to love going to the cafe after class on Friday evening for a light dinner and glass of wine before the show.  And they usually had really great live jazz on the weekend....how awesome is that?!?!  Once it was time to go in to the movie, I would hit the concession stand for a cuppa tea and a naimo bar....so much better than a $6 coke & $7 styrofoam popcorn from the above mentioned multiplex!   If all this is not enough, the Little is a non-profit organization so you can feel good about spending money there.  You can even become a member which gets you a whole bunch of perks including free admission to a certain number of movies.  (When I was a student, I think it cost me $35 to become a member and I got 12 free admissions!) The Little rocks....pure & simple.
This theater tugs at my heart strings. It's so precious. Don't expect a ritzy, new theater. The seats aren't stadium or with enormous drink holders... but they do play amazing independent films at great prices. They also do awesome things like documentary series, women's history month films, etc. Regular tickets are $8, matinees $6, students/seniors $5- but GET THIS, students can sign up for a membership for $35 and get 12 tickets (which can be used all on you or you can share with the people you go see the movie with!). The snacks are super reasonably priced... and I like that they use real butter on the popcorn. You can get sodas, coffee, tea... if only they served beer. That's the only thing holding me back from throwing five stars out.
Every time I feel like going to see a film, I check out the Little's website or bulletin board on East Ave. Whoever writes the films' synopses must really hate movies, because they always sound horrible and boring. So I bite the bullet, pick one at random and always love it. I've never seen a film I didn't like at this theater, because they don't show Hollywood bullshit. Sometimes they show old movies, often foreign movies, always independent movies. Special Bonus: they always play Stan Getz before the previews start!
I dig our local indie theater. They even have a nice cafe and occasional student discounts. The only drawbacks are that some of the seats are broken and never seem to get fixed and there seems to be a statistically unusual number of loud patrons, usually older people "whispering" loudly and weird people who bring in their own candy and then rustle grocery bags during very quiet dialog.
The Little is basically the only local indie film joint in town.  From what I've seen, The Little always has a generous offering of films, which sometimes include a sprinkling of small film festivals- which can appeal to those who enjoy more art house-like films.  I'm not particularly fond of how quickly some of the films come and go and have often found myself checking the site only to learn that a film I wanted to see is playing its last run that night (when I'm unable to attend.) The Little has been kind enough to show some films from the big film festival each year also- although it is run by volunteers of the festival, and not the Little- things manage to run smoothly.   The cafe and snack bar is always good and I believe live music fills the cafe most every weekend.  They even have exhibits of artwork (don't know if it's only local artists or not though) and they are always beautiful and interesting displays of artwork.   The reason I gave 4 stars is because I am less thrilled with the inside of the theaters- the seating is a little outdated and could use a renovation.  The other reason is because the staff there seems less than happy to deal with the customers.  They aren't rude but could do a better job at warming up to customers- instead they look blank like they could care less if you were on fire.  As a customer I like a place to at least show a small bit of enthusiasm when being greeted.  It's actually one of the reasons I don't buy a membership.   The theater does have some modest discounts for seniors and students.  If you plan to go, make sure you have room in your tummy to buy a tasty pastry at the snack bar, which is supplied by the Little's own bakery (located behind the building).  The parking lot is rather small but on evenings and weekends you can park near TuVine in the back.
Oh Little Theatre, you desperately need a renovation but you're still my favorite house of respite in Rochester. If you've never been to a movie alone, this is totally the place to do it. Instructions: Take your books or your reading material to the cafe. Have a nutritious and delicious meal while listening to some jazz music and enjoying the beauty of anonymity (until you become a regular). Then pick out a movie that sounds a little weird that your significant other or best friend doesn't particularly want to see (probably full of emotion, tragedy, levity and thought-provoking situations), buy a ticket to it, order yourself a small popcorn with butter (BECAUSE IT'S THE BEST MOVIE THEATER POPCORN I'VE EVER HAD), grab some chocolatey treat to put in your purse and eat halfway through the film, and head into the movie theatre. Watch your movie without giving a single thought to what the person next to you is thinking about it (this is sometimes key to enjoying these heavy indie flicks). Absorb the characters and situations and react to them without guilt. You can cry and, guess what, no one cares. When the lights flicker on, smile to yourself because you just experienced something entirely on your own. It's oddly liberating. The Little is also a great place to come with a date. Don't forget the popcorn!! Cool perks at the The Little -- the handouts with synopses about each movie currently playing and those coming up. I really enjoy these. I also enjoy the unique snacks and treats. Go see for yourself! The prices are also a perk. You can't beat these. And the movies themselves you generally won't find playing at other theaters. They're not action flicks. Most of them are not designed to provide you with an escape from the world. They're designed to show you a different perspective and to get you thinking about the world. So if your real life involves a lot of tragedy and contemplation, they may depress you. On the other hand, they could make your own tragedies seem miniscule and elevate your mood, so there you go! Renovation = 5 stars. Well, renovation and the ability to bring alcohol into the movies! Otherwise, this place is awesome. Truly awesome.
Not to parrot everything that's been said, but the Little Theatre is where to go, for sure. From popular independent movies (think Billy Elliot or Brokeback Mountain) to the more obscure International Film Festival Shorts or whathave you, the Little has it. A correction from an above review from S.M., however- the baked goods are from the Little Bakery- which used to be housed with the Little Theatre but is now an independent bakery that sells their goods to the Theatre. I say this because the Little Bakery is available every day for breads and pastries to the general public- not just for the Theatre. That being said, the food is great, the butter on the popcorn is real and they'll let you bring your own food in- feel free to bring in sushi or BBQ or whatever. Clumsy patrons beware: their seats don't have cup holders, so you're forced to set drinks on the ground. Be prepared for that. I've never been to another indy theatre quite like the Little. The size, price, movie selection, live music on the weekends and food are just right. Try the lemon tart.
Everyone else has pretty much said it all.  The Little is a great place offering some unique choices Rochesterians would have to steal from the internet otherwise. Plus, it's cheap! Only downside is the chairs are a bit uncomfortable especially sitting through a really long film as many tend to be there.
C'mon!! The Little, and Downton Abbey free premier showing (Season 3).  Did I mention for free. Always a good time when you get a chance to visit the little and see a good show.
Truthfully, it's a bit hard for me to rate The Little Theatre since it is so unique in the Rochester area. When it comes to independent movie selection and oddball movies, there is almost no competition. It is the only place where I could catch Sleepwalk With Me recently and In the Loop a couple years ago. The ticket prices are very fair especially since you are supporting an independent business. They have a good cafe selection and the prices for snacks are very reasonable compared to the major theatres. Overall a positive experience. On the negative side, the seats in the theatres are antiquated and the projections seem to be a bit off to my eyes. In fairness, I haven't been in all of their theatres to check out all of the projectors so I'm not treating this as a major issue. I'll keep on heading to the Little when I need my indie movie fix and it makes me feel good that I'm supporting a local, cool business.
The Little is the only art film theatre in Rochester, so it gets some default points.  But, the seats aren't particularly comfortable or clean, the sound systems are poor (when they first installed 5 channel sound, the right front started crackling right away and stayed that way for months), the rake of the theatre is so slight that you have to sit in front to not see heads. The theatres usually only have a few people in them though, and all are respectful, so at least the viewing experience doesn't have the usual detractors.  I really want to like The Little more, but every time I go I feel like it's an exercise in looking past the theatre.
One of the few places in Rochester that one can see some of the limited release films. A quaint movie theatre atmosphere with friendly staff, but with seats that are not the most comfortable in my opinion. The ticket prices are very good but that may be nullified if you have to pay for parking to visit this theatre, which I do unless I go on the weekend. The concessions look very promising, but I have yet to try them.
This place is a gem and I still get pangs of nostalgia for it whenever they insist on sending me their newsletter.  If you want to see independent films in Rochester, you gotta go to the Little.  They have a membership program, which is especially affordable if you are a student, so you are CRAZY not to take advantage of it if you go to school there.  My senior year of college I'd go every Sunday and watch as many films as I could.  The concession stand sells much more than generic movie candy - you can get a cup of chocolate mousse!  How awesome is that?!  It's delicious, especially if you are watching a French film and want to add to the arty ambiance.  Film festivals and special events there are always a good time, but it ain't huge, so get in line!
Nice theatre and where one can find independent films.  But beware of the length of the film.  I came here years ago when The English Patient came out and it was unbearable.  My back was killing me, and the movies wasn't worth it.
We were members of the Little during our last several years in Rochester and we saw lots of interesting films there.  We also loved the café, which had occasional live jazz performances - and they had delicious food items, plus I liked the hot apple cider during the cold winters.  I think the Little is one of Rochester's treasures!
This place is really chill and I love that they give student discounted tickets.
The first  art house theater I ever went to.  It was where they showed international animation fests, as well as any foreign movies that would make it out to rochester.  It was also where place I saw the movie version of Henry the 5th (while eating an excellent cup of chocolate mousse from the attached cafe).
one of the best spots in rochester, hands down. the little is a top of the line independent  theater that brings in a great selection of films from all over the globe. the staff is helpful & friendly. there's also a terrific cafe inside to have a snack, a meal, or a glass of wine beforehand (or afterward to discuss). the concession stand has everything from coffee & tea to soda "pop" (it IS rochester) and yummy treats from the standard popcorn to fresh baked cookies and brownies.  now go get ready to see some great independent cinema. also, one bit of advice, if you're driving, the parking can get tight on the weekends, might be worth parking nearby and walking down.
I love the Little Theater. It has a fun feel, with yummy snacks and drinks. They always have a pretty nice selection of foreign and independent films, and it is cheaper than any other movie theater besides my beloved Movies 10.
We love The Little Theatre Cafe. It is not fancy but it is so dependable and so very good. Prices are fair and The Cafe combined with a night at The Little Theatre is truly the best date night in town.
I love this place!  I've only seen a few movies here but everytime I really enjoyed the intimate setting that they provide.
A really fine and not-so-little art/foreign/independent moviehouse (some years back they entered into a private-public partnership and expanded from two screens to five).  On those occasions (and they're legion) when nothing at the suburban Googolplex seems appealing, you can always count on the Little to have something offbeat, stimulating, and innovative.  They also added parking and a swank little cafe (that features live jazz) in their expansion.  Rochester is blessed to have it--three cheers for the Little...
another one of those places I wish I frequented more regularly before moving to Los Angeles.  This is the famous little theater in Rochester, they show some of the greatest indie films that are out there, movies you will rarely catch elsewhere in the great city of Rochester.  I caught Downfall and a few other movies here, it was great.  Ticket prices were fair and the interior was very intimate and fun.  Cant wait to check this place back out.
Excellent. Manhattan can learn from these guys. Great atmosphere, great movies and great staff. And the turn around of films is fast.  Only wish the volume was louder.
I like the old front of the theatre. For me its my preferred place to go to see independent, foreign and art house films. The staff are friendly and enthusiastic, much better then the sullen and dulled multiplex experience.
THE BEST INDY THEATRE EVER, I love this place, the live music, and the selection of movies. A must see, Linji gives it two enthusiastic thumbs up!
Outstanding selection of indie films. Usually the only place in Rochester where you can find these amazing lesser-known films. The theater itself is weird and quirky in all the right ways. It feels like an old-timey movie theater, and in all likelihood it hasn't changed much since the good ol' days.  Highly recommended. Spot Coffee is right around the corner too -- great place to go before/after a movie.
I love Little Theater. They always seem to have a wonderfully curated film selection and the cafe always has really talented musicians. The screening rooms are cozy and it's just a different kind of movie experience than one you would get at more commercial places. It feels more intimate. I really recommend this place highly. Love it.
rochester's indie/art-house theater.  the little is always playing something good, and is frequently ahead of the game in playing stuff that isn't already being talked about.  it's pretty cool inside--a somewhat small screen and unfinished cave/warehouse look inside makes it a more intimate setting than your regular cineplex.  a nice dessert cafe with live music is around back.
Amazing theater for such a small city.  Lots of independent, foreign films.  Great cafe.  Lots of activity.  Interesting clientele - always packed recently.  Landmark.
Awesome place and great restaurants to eat around there.
The Little is the most aptly named theater in town--little leg room; little seat comfort; little sound quality, and little picture quality. That said, it is the biggest theater in town for charm, ambiance, and food quality.
The Little is a GEM,  visited by many major motion picture Directors & their Stars to show their films & speak to the local film community,which is legion, due to the presence up elegant East Avenue of The Selznick Film Preservation School, The George Eastman International Photography & FILM Archives Museum,The Visual Studies Work Shp,& The Film & Animation School at RIT & University of Rochester Film students. Although, what the Little Theatre(s) most famous for is it's outstanding, everchanging selection of international independent films & film classics. It's definitely not Rochester's only independent Film Theatre,as there are also the very long standing presence of the beautiful Dryden Theatre & The Cinema. What would we do in Rochester if there was no Little? We'd be forced to rely on Films shown at the Rochester Museum & Science Center, Strasenburgh, Rochester Central Libray at Bausch & Lomb Library, The Strong Museum,The Strong Auditorium at U of R River Campus,Nazareth College Arts Center,MCC Theatre,RIT,& oh,gee, in this Cultural paradise I could continue the list but right this minute I'm out the door  on my way to the lovely Little. It will be espresso & almond tart after, than a stop at Chocolate & Vines-run by a great EX-NYC couple that discovered living here has the wonderful cultural amenities of NYC without all the downsides like tiny toilet closet apartments that cost 3500./month & RENT$$$ that is down the toilet!!!
A beautiful place!! $5 student tickets on weekdays!!! Has that classic movie feeling. Holds some of the remnants of kodak in a indirect way. I'm in love with the little
