There's no hiding it, I'm a nerd. In fact, for most of my high school life, I was a very heavy and borderline obese nerd, prior to the current firefighter status nerd most of you know. This place was a key point of my life in turning that around. What I lacked in confidence, fitness, and just about everything, this place started building in me from the ground up. My mother bought me a karate membership and it went from there. Not only is this place an amazing place to learn Karate, Kung Fu, Jiu Jitsu, Kick Boxing, Womens Self Defense or Kendo now, but it's a great place to build self esteem. TRULY build it. Not from people telling you you CAN do something, but they will build you to the point that you DO do it. On top of all of the martial arts they also have a gym, which, while it doesn't have everything that a building dedicated to being just a gym has, it has more enough to help you achieve your goals. I came here for only 2 and a half years, and in that time they built my confidence, my body form, and my skills as a martial artist. If you're looking for a place to learn a martial art, I will HIGHLY recommend this place. They have different teaching methods than other Dojo's I've seen around and staff who truly care about what their teaching. To everybody working here, this isn't a job for them, it's a passion.
It started with a Birthday and continues with a membership...I've gone to visit many schools and have participated in martial arts about a quarter of my life so I know a good school when I see one. Curt and his staff are great with kids. My daughter showed an interest in martial arts after getting hooked to power rangers. We scheduled a birthday with Samurai after looking at other schools with extremely over priced birthday packages and or needing to be a member first. Not only did they welcome our birthday they went above and beyond. I would like to review the birthday and membership separately   Birthday - First they offered to dress one of the employees as a power ranger for us, which was great. They advertised a large pizza but actually ordered a Sheet, the set up was great and everything was planned out perfectly and the kids did not become disorderly because they were constantly being engaged with 1 of the 3 Sensei's on hand. I highly recommend anyone looking to do a Karate Birthday to pick Samurai Martial Arts. Membership - From the birthday we got a special Boards and Belts class, At the class my daughter was able to demo a full blown session and break a board with the other white belts, shes a quick learner and loved it. We signed her up for a 1 month promotion which was fairly priced, included the Gi, instruction handbook and unlimited classes for the first month. My daughter took that month and ran with it, we are now in our second month and since she used almost every available while class has already gotten her 3rd yellow stripe. We loved it so much that we signed her up to the 3 year Masters Club, which is a lot like the original promotion but it gave her an extra uniform, patches and unlimited classes. Shes only 6 years old but has shown such initiative and likes to attend all 4 classes each week instead of the recommended 3.  Again I cannot say enough good things about this Dojo, not only do they focus on Isshin Ryu Karate, but they also have Wing Chung, Pilates, Kickboxing Cardio and even a Gym with treadmills (All that is missing is a pool and you have the total package)  Thanks Samurai for helping our daughter reach her true potential -Sal
