Yelp is spot on!! Found this gem while searching for a lunch place on a road trip. It doesn't look likes much on the outside and its in a weird location, but I was quite happy once we sat down. It's homey and warm and food is fresh and healthy. Vegetarian and vegan friendly and great for kids. Husband says coffee was great, and he is a bit of a coffee snob, and iced coffee had coffee ice cubes. Oh and super cheap. $28 fed 2 adults and 3 kids.
The Tram is an eclectic spot to get coffee, and food. Perfect for little lunch dates, and a true coffee house experience. The atmosphere is truly relaxing- you can just kick back  and conversate for hours in this place because its so comfy.
Heard about this place via Facebook, so when I was in town visiting Utica, it was on our list of places to check out. Ambiance & decor are great! Great mix of music fills the room, and they also host spoken word/poetry nights, & open mics for musicians. Coffee is always flowing here, and the food hits the spot. Plenty of options, and even vegan friendly fare, too. Whether you're just passing through town, craving an affordable lunch spot, or want to check out some local talent at night, THE TRAM is for you!
Highly improbable find in a sort of empty block in the up-and-down town of Utica, Tramontane is a genuine hipster café with enormous cups of decent coffee, a limited but tasty menu (I had a spinach-licious fritatta), a potluck decor with ambient lights and mismatched tables and old album covers on the wall, friendly staff, and today a regular named Mr. Rainbow who heartily greeted us upon arrival. It's in fairly close proximity to the art museum, which makes a nice little expedition from parts yonder, and there's a small stage and while we didn't see any musical acts on a sleepy Tuesday morning, it was just kinda cool feeling the vibe. There's a dedicated little parking lot to one side, and you can walk (if you dare) from the art museum parking lot if you're doing the Utica-scene tour. I give it a fifth star because it was literally a destination for us today - and it proved to be relaxed and amenable to long quiet conversation with just the right level of attention from the staff. Seriously, I could never ask for more in a coffee house/cafe.
If you're working a show downtown (ie at the Stanley), the Tram is a little slice of the city and your best coffee and lunch option. It's an 8 min walk from the theater, approx, which makes it just perfect for lunch breaks. Tram meets all your coffee and espresso needs, has all kinds of creamer (soy included) and sweeteners. A great vegan option, as they have three different kinds of soy "meats" as well as vegan desserts. The sandwiches are packed with FRESH veggies (if desired), and the baked goods are made right on the premises. Takes credit cards. Cozy, wonderful little treasure.
Went in to grab lunch to go after reading great reviews on yelp. I got the BLT sandwich on rye and an ice coffee, both of which were excellent. I enjoyed the atmosphered, and can imagine it's a cool place to hangout especially during open mic. The takeout container was massive and made of styrofoam for a small sandwich and chips, which was disappointing (hence 4 stars).
So, we found The Tram Cafe, as the locals refer to it, on our way back to NYC after spending 5 days in a cabin in Rome, NY absorbing ourselves in daily songwriting sessions. We decided to check out Utica and asked the barista at Cafe Domenico, another homegrown coffee house we grabbed coffee at, where a hip, trendy vegetarian place to eat would be. He recommended The Tram Cafe and we ran with it. Oh, what a great space! I love walking into a place where you can just feel the tender loving care that was put into creating the ambiance and vibe of it all! So, we ordered a house salad with ginger dressing and two yummy vegetarian burger with everything on it! I added peppers and olives to mine to top it off! And it came with some chips. The service was great, the staff members were friendly and easy going. Overall, it was a great experience and I'd recommend The Tram to anyone who likes the feel of "Home Grown" spaces. Love & Light, Jen The other 1/2 of Stilettos-n-Steel
Coming to Utica for grad school from Long Island was a big move for me. Especially leaving my so-close-to-NYC pizza, bagels and coffee houses behind. I was missing my local coffee house from back home when I decided to give "The Tram," as the locals say, a fair shot. Went down with my roommates to check out their open mic night and I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed myself. PROS: Great local musicians Tasty soy chai latte in a humungous cup Relaxing environment Friendly employees CONS: Very limited room to sit (got stuck sitting at a tiny table next to the bathroom...whomp whomp) -I'm looking forward to going back on a less crowded day/night
We stopped in here with our little people after seeing the Warhol exhibit at Munson Proctor, right around the corner, because Yelp told us to and we obey the Yelp! They are doing everything right here. Because kindness is everything.  Everyone was so kind and accommodating.   The food was really good.  It is what you'd expect for a cafe food, delivered fresh, presented beautifully and really tasty.  I love the kitsch of the place. The buffet plates, the retro kitchen tables. It is counter service, but someone stopped to check in that everything was ok, and did ask if we needed anything. A charming first for any cafe I've visited.  Now if you visit, don't go spoil this and abuse these kids. They are working hard as hell to keep up with the coffee drinks (YUM) and the orders coming in! We had pancakes, bagels, egg bagels, egg salad, PBJ and veggie chips. The sandwiches were on fresh bread from Heidelberg bakery.  The pancakes were fun for my toddler. He dipped them in the cute little syrup carafe they gave him.  Our bill was under $25.  It was awesome. I marveled at the numbers. Us? Escape with out dropping $60? I think the kids ate more here than anywhere we have stopped. Simple, clean food that taste good! It's probably not the best spot if your toting more than three kids under three, but two were fine. We travel with our own booster seat too, which I think all parents need. It makes things easier for everyone. My husband and I both had chai Lattes, hot and cold. I cant wait to upload the pictures. Sooooo good! We all loved the music and the restroom was clean! oh and I bought a gingersnap to go...it lasted about  .01 of a mile! Delish! Yay Tram!
Tramontane is exactly the kind of place I want to hang out at on a chilly December day. I'm glad I learned about this place while I was in the area because I was about to give up on my search for a legitimately good cafe. - My chai latte had way too much foam on top, but the drink itself tasted delicious. - I can't get over how cheap it is! $2.95 for a small (12oz) chai latte, I believe. This is insane to me because I'm used to paying $4 (sometimes more) for it in NYC. - I got excited when I saw that they serve you sandwiches with these veggie chips that I'm obsessed with. - My side of bacon looked very sad. They weren't tasty either. - Free wifi is definitely a must in a lounge-y cafe, and I'm glad they had it, but it was kind of slow. - Workers were super nice and friendly! ** On Sundays they have open mic night and honestly I don't think it's worth checking out. For some reason it gets busy but the "talents" are pretty painful to listen to. **
I love the Tram. Here's an example of why: As I sat to compose this review, I asked Robin (Proprietress of the Tram), what wonderful and amazing things that I should say about her establishment. Instead of taking the opportunity to up-sell her business, she said "I can't tell you what to write because it's your experience, your opinion ... choose your own adventure."  The Tram is more than "just" a coffee shop, it's a manifestation of a particular set of values. It's DIY. It's Live Your Own (Damn) Dream. It's a commitment to a city, a neighborhood, and an approach to food and drink. You will not find Green Mountain Coffee at the Tram. You will not find Wal-Mart muffins at the Tram. You will not find Coca-Cola at the Tram. You will not find McFood at the Tram. You will not hear Maroon 5 playing in the background. Instead, you will find coffee from local roaster, Utica Coffee Roasting Company. You will find fresh pastries (baked in house). You will find RC Cola and Boylans. You will find delicious veggie (and non-veggie) sandwiches. You will hear live music (Open Mic Night on Sunday!). You will find a/c, you will find wi-fi, you will find people of all ages, races, orientations, and socio-economic statuses. On a non-trivial number of days you will also find random moments of poetic brilliance. In short, you will find everything that a coffee shop aspires to be. Stop by for your morning coffee on the way to work in the a.m. Stop in for a quick drink when you're trying to go south on the arterial. Stop by for lunch (the soup is insanely good and good for you). Stop in to think and draw and write and hang (I'm talking to YOU students at Pratt, UC, MVCC, and Hamilton). There's free parking. And did I mention that the coffee is good? (it is)
When I first stepped into the local wonder that is Tramontane Cafe, I had the following internal conversation with myself: Brain: Ooh! It's so pretty! Look! Look! Me: Shh! Quiet. They'll hear you. Brain: Whoa.. and their coffee menu. It's huge! What should we get? But wait.. there's a truckload of pastries, too. Ack! Maybe we should be gluttonous and get both. Me: *biting knuckles, attempting to contain myself* Oh.. gosh! Brain: Can I please live here?! Me: Be quiet or you won't get your caffeine fix. Brain: Why you no love me? I had a difficult time containing my excitement as soon as I laid eyes on the interior of Tramontane. For several years, I mourned the loss of VBLP, Tramontane's deliciously crunchy/artsy predecessor. When I heard about this place, I was absolutely itching to visit the Utica area and check it out. (Like Greg G, I also spent many hours during high school and college hanging out at VBLP.) Tramontane Cafe is a more mature, evolved version of VBLP. The clientele appears to be locals/regulars (lounging, working on their novels, etc), business folks noshing there for lunch, and college students clinging giddily to the WiFi. They've got eclectic music, hip baristas, an old jukebox in the corner, funky wall art, a lunch menu, and tasty drinks. This place has everything you could want in a local coffeehouse, including open mic nights. The walls are painted in warm, natural colors. The mismatched vintage furniture--from comfy couches to 70s-style kitchen chairs--is the cherry on the figurative coffeehouse sundae. In short, the interior is eclectic and funky (somewhat SoHo-ish), without looking grubby. Ironically, I have been searching for a Tramontane-equivalent for the last several years with no luck. I looked high and low in cities like D.C. and Boston. Yet, none of them had quite the comfy/hometown feel that Tramontane has. Sometimes, you've just gotta come home to get the good stuff.  :-) Thank you, Tramontane.. for giving me (and my overly active brain) another good reason to stop by in Utica! Tip: There's a small parking lot to the left of the entrance. If that's full, there's a vacant patch of grass directly across that street the folks seem to use as "overflow".
Our family stopped at the Tram as we were passing through Utica on a road trip.  I'm so glad we did!  It has a great indie vibe, and the food was really great.  Our boys customized their own sandwiches and the hubby and me had delicious vegan veggie burgers.  Lots of veggie/vegan options, and traditional options as well. Got some coffee on the way out (which was also delish).  Great service, fun, independent cafe with delish food and good prices.  Check it out! My 8 year old says, "REALLLLY good sandwiches!"
So on my last visit back home I spent a lot of time here. If you are someone from around the area, you might remember a place known as VBLP's. I remember going to that place in high school and being pretty happy with the place. Small hole in the wall type of coffee shop.  Unfortunately it closed. But... They came back and made it 10 times better with the Tramontane/ The Tram. This place is huge compared to what I remember about the old place. It's awesome. Couches and comfy chairs arranged all around. So whether you want to sit with a large group at the bar or a bench or just want to sit by yourselves in a secluded corner, this place has it for you. I wish I had my camera with me as I would be able to show photos as the inside of this place pretty awesome. The decor is pretty cool. Framed posters and very nicely polished illustrated art (don't know exactly what style to call it) The walls are smoothed retro wood which gives it a sort of glow with the lamps and lights in the place. It also has a little stage area. I attended a few shows there too which were local favorites as well as some people cutting it loose and showing their all for the first time. Open mic nights on Sundays, and usually a performance on Saturday or Friday. There is a projector too. They aired a showing of Alice's Restaurant the day before Thanksgiving. Never even heard of the movie before that night, but it was entertaining. A little weird at times but enjoyable none the less. The Tram has its set of regulars and its set of passerbys which I think makes it more of a warm and cozy place. The baristas know their stuff so ask them anything. I don't think you will be disappointed. The drinks are really good. I was trying to cut back on coffee, so I kept getting the mochaccino,  but I would recommend The Ridiculous to anyone (just ask for it). Yerba mate was there too, but again needing to cut down on caffeine. There were milkshakes too that looked and sounded amazing, but it was winter and I was already f'ing freezing. The food is good too. Soup, quiche, wraps, cookies  and more :) Most, if not all, are made right there in their oven behind the counter. So if you want to get a taste of the local scene or think there is nothing at all in Utica anymore I recommend checking out this place. Fun fact: If you like board games too, the Tram is littered with them inside of every side table or on any shelf. There is even the Muppet show board game (didn't play it but yes I was intrigued).
Had the bat man sandwich - very tasty!
The tram is awesome.  They have a nice selection of coffee drinks in generous sizes.   It's a great place to chill out and have a drink. And their food is really wonderful. It's the best lunch spot in Utica.  The sandwiches are all done on local Heidelberg bread.  The meats and other ingredients are all fresh and yummy. And they make great soups.  I'm the sort of person that would shy away from anything vegan, but their vegan chili is really quite tasty. The staff is always friendly and helpful.  The food is consistently very good and presented nicely.  And the prices are very reasonable. I highly recommend the Tram if you want either a great lunch or a fun quirky coffee spot.
At an improbable stop along our trip east we used yelp to find a place for great food that is made fresh without junk and preservatives. We found this place. Amazing is the only way you can explain the order. Sure it's lot a 5 star restaurant but it is clean. Very clean and the staff is uber friendly. They are personable and suggest great product. We ordered a great sandwich, hummus, toast and plenty of yummy desserts. So very happy we stopped. Great job!!!!
This is a fantastic place! The Tram is a great spot to enjoy a cup of coffee or a nice casual meal. The homemade soups are absolutely amazing and the staff are always friendly and polite. It's definitely casual and caters to an eclectic group of clientele. GREAT PLACE!
What a lovely oasis in Utica.   I was way happy to be steered here by fellow yelpers on the final day of an LA--Boston cross country drive.  You can only eat at Subway so many times before going crazy.   Tramontane was the kind of place you could comfortably hang out at for hours.  Cool decor, very cool illustrated posters on the walls and the employees were very friendly.  Unfortunately for my boyfriend and I, it was more of a stop off lunch thing so no loitering or coffee drinking for us.  I got the Boca burger which was great, along with a chocolate chip cookie.  All in all, it was well worth the 6 or 7 miles off the highway to get to.  I'm sure if I lived in Utica I'd spend a lot of time there and if I find myself there again I'll be back.
A place in Utica NY that fosters creativity AND has vegan/vegetarian options!!! I don't think there is anything I can add that the other yelpers didn't already cover besides "totally yummy"!
Nothing comes close like the tram. Awesome place for a first date or for conversation or just a different place to go. The place is set up like your grandmothers or mothers place 70 style chairs very comfortable the only negative thing I would have to say is I'm not a big fan of where it sits in the city certainly not in the worst location. However just be aware of your surroundings very light menu
My fiancee and I decided to stop and visit this place due to recommendation from strangers via Yelp.  The place was very emptied (we arrived at 9:30 AM).  The workers were friendly; they communicated via wrote on the notepad since we are Deaf customers.  The food was great (I ordered a medium cappuccino and tabouli & hummus with pita breads and veggie chips; my fiancee ordered an Italian soda banana flavored and bagel with sausage and eggs).  They served with vintage plates, tables, chairs and decorations.  I could not stop checking out their vintage decorations.  We will definitely come back whenever we visit upstate New York.
I love the Tram as it's called by the locals.  Friendly people, bohemian vibe, and comfortable seating make for a great experience.  No place else where you can grab a coffee and a scone, whilst playing a board game, and hang with friends talking about politics for a few hours.  Good vegan sandwiches too.
YES! THE SEARCH FOR A GOOD CAFE IN UTICA AREA ENDS HERE!!! Back in the area after being in Brooklyn left me desperate for a good f*cking latte. After a few bad experiences, I was giving up hope. A friend recommended coming here for good food, great drinks, and comfortable atmosphere. I was pleasantly surprised to find the Tram is from none other than the fantastic people of Virgo Bat & Leo Phrog's I remember from back in the day. PROS: -Excellent & friendly service -Latte that was what I've been waiting for -DELICIOUS sandwich (I recommend the roast beef and get horseradish mayo) -Cool atmosphere -Free WiFi (must have) CONS: -None Death is but a door, time is but a window: I'll be back.
We were driving from Philly to Old Forge, and hit Utica right around lunch time.  We are always looking for the diamond in the rough (anti-chain family here).  The neighborhood of the Tram definitely is the "rough," however, this place truly is a gem.   My biggest grip about the Tram is the prices. SEVERELY over-priced. For what you are getting, the prices are ridiculous (capital R ridiculous), however, it was an enjoyable ambiance and a good freshly made lunch.  Because the menu is a la cart, lunch (sandwiches), for my husband, 3 year old son, and me... Came to $34.  Yikes.  Turkey sandwich, Tram veggie burger, grilled cheese sandwich and a few sides.... Pricey.  Oh yeah, SERIOUS fly problem. We swatted flies away from our food the entire time.
Definitely a great little coffee shop with great veggie options and terrific staff! I love the veggie burger here. They serve Utica Coffee Roast, our fave! Great vibe and cool decor. Wish they were open on weekends when I've stopped by. Somehow I always catch them when they're closed.
Opened in 2008. All the right things to make a local coffee shop. Very strong sense of community. Relaxing and laid back. Large variety of clientele, so it's always any interesting crowd.
Passing through on our way to Niagara Falls, NY my partner and I found this little hidden gem in Utica, NY. It is a little cafe/venue that supports local everything, the entire place is decked out with local band posters and businesses. The food is delicious and fun. I had the wild rice soup that came with homemade cracked wheat bread that was to die for, and also ordered the spinach cheddar quiche...and a chocolate cappuccino to go. A pleasant supplement to a long drive...or I could see it being a regular place to support if I didn't live so far away.
I went on a whim to their Open Mic Sunday Night this week and it was such an unexpectedly cute space! The performers were... of varying degrees of talent, but the atmosphere was very eclectic and accepting. Cozy seating options, a super reasonably priced menu, and lots of vegetarian options. I'm excited to go back in the daylight! Definitely boosted them up a star for being one of the few delightful "alternative" spots in the area, and for having a very cute guy behind the counter!
I just discovered the Tram and decided it would be a cool spot to bring a first date.  We went last night for open mic night and both had a great time. The food was good, the people were friendly and the entertainment was awesome! The space was very cool and there was a lot of positive energy in the atmosphere.  I'm happy I found this hidden gem and will definitely be back again!
This is my go to coffee shop.  Great food, great coffee and good friends.  I'm from the area and this is my home away from home.  There is pretty much always something going on here you just have to check the company Facebook page.  Live music, live poetry and an awesome Sunday open mic night.  They are vegan friendly and their yummy treats win me over every time.  A must check out if you are in the area.
This is one of the places to be in Utica!  Kudos, Tram, for helping to make Utica great!
Best. Cafe. Ever.
Go To Tramontane Cafe. Its off the beat and path and an ideal coffeehouse if you're from anywhere! Importantly they also have vegan lunchmeat, which was an amazing surprise! You can get whatever type of coffee you want, and can get sandwiches, hummus, and other soups. Best place in Utica!
Stopped in yesterday, decided on a milkshake and was given a LONG list of flavors.....I decided on pumpkin spice.......tasted just like grandmas pumpkin pie.....I will definitely be back.
I now have an official stop off place when going through Utica. Been to many cafés but just something mystique about this place. Relax with a cup of coffee and baked goods or grab a sandwich or salad. Great relaxed seating as well as live entertainment on Sunday nights. Staff is extremely friendly. That's always a bonus.
This place has an awesome atmosphere. They have great tasting coffee to drink and bring in some really cool indie bands. Hippster, lower east side kind of vibe. There aren't too many places in Utica that are like this, so it's a great anomaly to have in the area.
Eclectic atmosphere, people and great sandwiches and coffee!
A little oasis in downtown Utica. Fun decor and a good attitude with a nice selection of light fare and coffee drinks to go along with it. Many places nearby are past their prime or clinging to a bygone past. This place has a bright future.
I love the tram.  Great place to go for a sandwich and a coffee, or just something sweet. Selection is great, this place has such a nice, chill vibe.  :)
Another great lunch at the Tram.  Always get the daily special and always leave fat and happy
excellent milkshakes, best boca burgers, great atmosphere. get there early on a Sunday for the open mic night!
Love it!  Staff is fantastic!  Food is very good: various ethnicities represented; sometimes spicy; all very well-prepared; good variety. (Wish they had more soups.) A lot of space to sit; seating is comfortable. Parking is fine. They do dine-in and take out.  Staff is some of the best around! Prices are very reasonable. Soups are good; so is the hummus.
Great latte and very cute place wish I had not eaten lunch before we got here!  Will have to come back!
