Popcorn is decent, cinemas and chairs are very nice, pretty expensive though. That would be my only complaint besides all the teenie-bopper kids running around.
The Marquee is definitely a great movie theatre to go to. I can't even count the number of times I've gone here. It's always kept clean, they have plenty of different rooms for multiple movie showings at once. Their prices are just like basically every other movie theatre - overly priced, especially the concession stand, but that's not much of a shock. It looks very nice on the inside and there is ample parking space. I've never had any problems with this theatre, even going to midnight premiers of hyped up movies. All in all, this is a great theatre for everyone and I recommend them.
Went here for the first time the other day to watch Ender's Game. I went at the beginning of the week so there were no lines or people... Pros: - Pretty cheap tickets - $9 something - A lot of gumball machine (with different candy) - my friend kept getting skittles - Lots of seats Cons: - Pretty expensive popcorn - $5 something for small - actually idk is it expensive for upstate NY? - The area I was in was very drafty - it was cold - WHY IS IT COLD?
Nice theater! They have a good choices of movies although, it would be nice if the Marquee would get some independent films. Other than that, I like coming here.
The Marquee is my go-to movie theater in the area. It has large screens, good sound systems, and it is rarely packed (at least when I go). The ticketing line can be long, so make sure you budget 10 minutes in case you stuck in a long one. The last time I was there, the ticketing line was fast, but the concession line looked long, so we skipped it. I almost never buy food at the movies, so I can't say anything about price. I've never had a bad experience with the movie-going audience here. I definitely find the watchers more mature and polite than some of the other theaters around. It's usually a good mix of families, older couples, and teens (though of course, depends on what you see). The times I've been, the theater doesn't usually get very crowded. The last time I was there, I did notice that sound leaked into my theater from the one right next to it, during what was a quiet scene for us and an action scene with loud music for the other, so that was annoying for about 30 seconds. I've never experienced that there before. The bathrooms are nice and usually don't have a line. The ticket-takers are usually very friendly and engaged. Also, the parking lot is usually oddly full. It's a bit tight for how many cars they fit in, and it usually seems like there are way more cars than there are people at the cinema (maybe they're actually at the nearby restaurants).
I have only been to four movie theaters in upstate NY. A super shitty one, two updated nice ones, and Marquee Cinema. This theater is right in the middle; just tolerable. The first time I was here, I came to see Due Date. They have matinee tickets for $7, how can you beat that? The theaters and the seats are not very big but it's updated enough that it makes it okay. For $7, I'd say it's pretty awesome. My second visit was to see Paul, for $7. Not only was the film embarrassingly horrible, my moviegoing experience was completely ruined by the level of immaturity and annoyance displayed by the audience. The girl in front of me would laugh (obnoxiously) and comment on every little thing. It annoyed me to no end, because there were about 50 other people in the room who were just like her. I fell asleep for a half hour during the film. I would not recommend anyone to go see Paul, even for $7.
cold popcorn and dirty.  slow service
This place is OKAY. Very fast in terms of ticketing. But the waits on the lines are horrendous. Not much waiting space or activities to engage in while waiting. The stages are mostly empty all the time which makes it convenient for people that want to find good seating. The staff is okay not too welcoming and not to rejective. Again I give this place a 3 out of 5, and that's because I can always find a good seat.
This is an ok theater. The concessions were just ok but their sound and video equipment were great. If its winter make sure you bring a coat. It was cold in there!
Seeing Les Mis.  This is a nice theater with good seating and clean non-sticky floors and seats.  The sound system was great.
