The Hungerford Building is where I got my first design job, had my first art opening, got my Rochester city crest tattoo, cut my hand open with an xacto knife, built my first piece of furniture and countless other things. I have definitely drank more boxed wine here than anywhere else. It used to be a fruit syrup factory, now it's a great spot for artists and other creative people to set up shop. Management will try and put the fear of god in you when you rent a space here but everyone is really cool. The spaces themselves are great, you can do anything in them. Just sweep 'em up when you're done!
For the first time in my life, I had the opportunity to showcase my photos here at the Grass Roots Gallery...so naturally I go to explore the entire Hungerford Building in one night....which just happened to be the First Friday. The building is divided into several different galleries in two seperate buildings, even though they are attached, they have seperate entrances so make sure you know where you are going unless you want to get lost. The building itself is very old and shows it's age well since it used to be an old company way back in the day. What makes this inetersting is that most of the cool features from the past are still operating. The service elevator can still be rod for free but be nice and give the guy running it a tip, he does his job well. The galleries are mostly on the fourth, third, and second floors which are wonderfully full of life on the First Friday. With so many galleries open, I viewed many without paying attention to what they were called...poor choice but because they had free refreshments and music, it was hard to resist. It is wonderful to see that with every gallery comes with different features. I can say that they range from exotic artwork and photography too porcelain cups and bizaare sculptures. As a gallery is, you are able to purchase art here even though I didn't. It's not because the prices were bad...they were actually good, but because I had no need for it. The owners who operate these galleries are friendly in their own ways but sometimes it's easy to tell when they want to persuade you to buy thier art. Why is this not highly rated? Well it's because of two reasons. The major one is that on every other Friday that isn't the first, it can get quite empty which for being a warehouse, makes it feel eerie. Secondly, this IS a warehouse. I don't have a problem with that but I can see why this would turn some people off. There is no modern touches whatsoever outside of the galleries and in most locations, claustrophibics might start to get uneasy wandering the cold narrow hallways of the upper floors. Bad as it might be, my first experience here was more than positive. There is no doubt in my mind that I would return...with a bigger wallet.
There are so many different/amazing studios at The Hungerford. The best way to see a lot in one fell swoop is to go on First Friday. On First Friday when several of the studios are open, it's like a neighborhood boutique crawl all inside, which makes it perfect for the wintertime. A lot of the studios lay out snacks, drinks, and treats, which is a nice way to greet their guests. It's a great way to find fun, unique gifts if you need to mix things up. A few of my faves: - Even/Odd Creative (upcycled designs -- bags/purses/wallets are awesome!) - Airigami (they often have a fun balloon sculpture or balloon photobooth for 1st Fri) - Happy Earth Tea - Von Brake Spices - Francesca DeCaire - Cat Clay (super cute ROC flower earrings/magnets) You will get a workout too... I was sore the next day from walking up and down the stairs. So, I recommend you start on the 4th floor and make your way down. Also, there's a freight elevator that you can ride -- it's in entrance #2.
I love this place, especially in winter. During the First Fridays this place is the perfect location to enjoy art on a Friday evening. With ample parking, either around the building or in front, and four floors of artists' studios, it is a great location to spend time on a cold and wintry evening. It feels like going to the mall, but with handmade objects and art. The offerings run the gamut from kitschy handmade stuff, to more esoteric art pieces, but the great thing is that it's all on one building! If you don't like the work of one artist, there's always the studio next to it. There is usually live music on the premises too. My complaint is that it can be difficult to find some places since it is an old and a bit run down building, and that parking in the stores up front can get your car towed, so be careful where you park. But I do feel that for a First Friday outing the Hungerford offers the best variety of artists and music in Rochester. Which is great when you don't feel like driving around going from gallery to gallery.
The Hungerford Building has come a long way since it's origins as the  J. Hungerford Smith Company, who, according to RocWiki "made "True Fruit" flavored syrups, as well as the flavor syrup for A&W Root Beer." Interestingly enough, I know descendants of the Smith family and have seen prints of the glass negatives taken of the business during it's heyday. The Hungerford Building is better known today as the home for a vast array of businesses, artist studios and studio apartments. A true multi-purpose facility. Note: this is truly a place you must visit on First Fridays and Second Saturdays! Link: rocwiki.org/Hungerford_B…
