I had a quick lunch time to find something healthy and good. Again thanks yelp. I had a delicious kibble wrap. It was huge. Inside all kinds of fresh salad and feta. I will definitely stop again to try some of the lamb dishes.
Driving on the thruway near Utica we were looking for a bite to eat.  Happened upon this place and are delighted we did. Small family run restaurant has great food, friendly service and is only a few minutes off the exit. We'll probably make this a frequent stop on our trips to and from Boston.  We started with the "Lebanese platter" including some of the best hummus we've ever had. We each chose different types of gyros which were also great. The meat was well seasoned.  They also offer daily specials. Be sure to treat yourself to the baklava which is truly exceptional as is the "Turkish" coffee. Don't be put off by the unassuming storefront. When you first walk it appears there is only counter service but you'll be seated in the small comfortable dining room is just beyond.
Traveled to Utica with co-workers for a meeting.  Just before we excited the New York State Threat, I started to look for someplace to have lunch.  We decided on Zeina's and we arec so happy we did. We each had one of the luncheon sandwiches, they were delicious.
I travel throughout the state and Connecticut and western mass weekly. I stumbled upon this place and saw good reviews on Yelp. Ate here a few months ago and it was excellent. You feel like family here. Awesome baba ghanouj. Gyros exceptional. Wonderful family. Wonderful!
This place is AMAZING! A local friend took me here and told me it was the best place for Lebanese food. He wasn't lying. The hummus is freshly made as was the bread and rice. The meat was cooked to perfection and the spices very authentic and complimentary to the dish. The food was cheap in price and fast to be served. I've eaten all over this country and this hidden gem is one of the best meals I've had in awhile.
Wow! Worth the trip 5 minutes off the thruway.  Albert and his wife, Layla, made us feel like long time regulars.   Amazing fresh homemade Lebanese food.  We started with the Lebanese plate: hummus,  baba ganoush, incredibly fresh tabulleh, and homemade stuffed grape leaves.  The mixed grill had delicious lamb and chicken shwarma.  Turkish coffee and fresh halavah! Go! Go! GO!
Recently moved to the area and quickly sought out Lebanese food and found Zeina's. I really like this charming, casual cafe and I very much appreciate having good Lebanese food nearby. The hummus, baba ghanouj, and falafel are all excellent (and I tend to be a bit of snob about these things). I look forward to returning to Zeina's many more times. My only complaint, which is more of a suggestion really, is that the menu is surprisingly meat and dairy heavy for the cuisine. Not that they should scale back on that, but many of my traditional vegetarian faves appear to be absent. My review would quickly go to five stars if, in addition to falafel and hummus, I could also go to Zeina's for a meatless version of their stuffed grape leaves, foul mudammus, bread with zaatar, etc.
My boyfriend and I were in Utica for an event and decided to stop here for lunch based on the reviews. From the moment we walked in the owners and staff were super friendly and welcoming. We ordered the hummus and fried cauliflower to start which were delicious. The dipping sauce for the cauliflower was just awesome. Then I got the lamb gyro and my boyfriend got the Sarkis special, the meat was seasoned perfectly and there was so much flavor in the sauces. We finished the meal with Turkish coffee and baklava, you should definitely save room for dessert, as this was the best baklava I've ever had. We will definitely be back if we are ever in the area again.
We were on the thruway and looked at yelp for a suggestion.  Wow, glad we did.  The food was great.  The family that owns the restaurant is really welcoming.  We tried several different dishes.  Everything was fresh and made to order.   We will definitely go back again when passing through Utica.  Don't judge a book by its cover. We almost didn't go in when we pulled up but we relied on the yelp reviews and really glad we did.
Definitely deserves the 5 star! This is the first time my friends and I are trying Lebanese food so we went in there not expecting much. From the outside, the place looks very (extremely) sketchy but once you head inside it's so cute! From the doorway, the kitchen is right there! Like it just got plopped in the center of the room. So that surprised us a bit because we weren't expecting that at all. We were very hungry so instead of waiting for the company to clear at the back of the room (where most people ate), we just pulled together some tables near the kitchen and sat down. Seating space is limited: there are a couple of tables in the back of the room, some in front of the kitchen, some bar stools near the kitchen as well. After getting seated, we got the menu (small menu) and we all decided to try the gyros. I got the chicken gyro and it was amazing! First of all, it was huge (two people could've shared it but it would have been really messy), the flavors was excellent. You would expect the gyro to be too meaty because of the chicken but nope, the sauces inside saved the gyro from that. Everyone was extremely satisfied with the food!!! Also, the owner of the place (the mother) was so nice! Always smiling and trying her best to make us comfortable despite being in front of the hot stoves cooking up our meals. Pros: Nicest owner! Great food - decent portion and extremely price worthy! The atmosphere - very homey Cons: Tight space
I LOVE this place. First off, you come here for the food not the ambiance. You might be waited upon by the awkward and quirky but humorous son of the owners... just go with it. Zeinas is the best Lebanese food in Utica, and we do have some contenders for that title. I always see drunks or college kids ordering falafel sandwiches with fries but they miss out on the excellent ethnic dishes. Giant ball of goat cheese made by hand, I will eat you. Stuffed grape leaves made by your brother ten minutes ago? I'll have another serving, please. Baclava that your mother is practically forcing onto my plate? Do not say no.
Best Lebanese food around.  Eating here is like eating at a friends house who happens to be Lebanese, and they have a mother or wife who is a great cook .Have never had anything that wasn't exceptional.  EVERYTHING is home made.  The owners are great people.
Trust these reviews. My wife and I went today and had a fantastic and huge lamb Gyro after the sampler appetizer. The owners and staff were great and made the experience even better. Followed the food up with coffee and baclava which were delicious.
The building is very unassuming, but don't let it keep you from going in!! The owners are the nicest people. They explain the various Lebanese dishes and even offer samples to see if you like items before ordering. Everything is homemade and the room smells wonderful....herbs and other savory flavors. The prices are reasonable and the portions good sized. It is worth stopping in, you may fall for it like we did.
Words cannot express how much I LOVE this place. The food is freshly prepared and delicious. It is family run in a charming manner not usually seen--the son and daughter are the waitstaff, Zeina, the mother is behind the counter at the entrance cooking in the kitchen (the kitchen is open). You can sit at the counter and look onto the kitchen happenings--I've done this while waiting for large take-away orders. While sitting, they gave us hummous and pita to snack on as they  prepped the dolmas and baklava we were taking to a party (they were a big hit). The dolma and baklava are to die for I might add; I've also enjoyed the various kebabs. You can tell the owners take great pride in their restaurant and the food that comes out of the kitchen.
Delicious! Can't get any more authentic than this. And it's so nice that it's a family-owned and operated business.
Fabulous restaurant and wonderful food!! I couldn't help but check this place out since it had 5 stars... Everyone was right- terrific food here!!  Zeina the Mom greeted me as she was behind the counter preparing dishes- she's the nicest lady you could ever meet and was very appreciative of my visit. I walked in during off hours (between lunch and dinner) so it wasn't crowded at all.  I wanted to try an assortment of things and ordered them to go. Everything was over the top fabulous!! The tabouli had the perfect ratio of parsley and bulgur in my opinion-I prefer more parsley over bulgur. The dolmas were fantastic along with the lebne dip it came with. The kibbeh and the lamb gyro meat were both so flavorful and moist -- I'm getting hungry just thinking about all the wonderful food!!  I ordered all of this food "To Go" because I love Lebanese food and wanted some non adventurous family members to try this out- they loved the food as well. As I waited on my food, Zeina kept giving me samples of food to try-- Falafel is one thing she gave me to taste and I will definitely be getting that next time I come. I didn't even get a chance to sample desserts... All I can say is, I can't wait to get back here!!!!  This place is a must- give them a try now!!   5 star all the way!!!!!!
Amazing hummus.  Everything here is great!
This is Lebanese food like your Mom would make...fresh as it comes, everything painstakingly made from scratch... pure comfort drizzled in olive oil and LOVE! You do not walk out of here until THEY say you are done....the food just keeps coming! And you can't stop eating even though you know you won't be able to muster crawling to the door. If you are in need of a dose of pure sunshine, take yourself to Zeina's. It will make your day!
