Food and service is consistently excellent. There is never a wait to be seated and the staff is quick and friendly. The restaurant itself looks kind of sketchy, but the food is excellent. Although the menu does not label foods as gluten free, dairy free, etc., there is a wide selection of options that are. Extensive vegetarian and vegan options. The food is especially good during the summer, when they use local, fresh produce! I've brought family and friends here and everyone has loved it. Definitely worth a trip to Utica for the pho!
These guys have some of the best noodles in town. I always get the Vermicelli with lemongrass and shrimp. I love that they have a variety of bubble teas, and refreshments- try the avocado shake its pretty stellar.
Exterior and interior are not much to look at, but the food is excellent. Egg rolls, pho and lemongrass chicken are delicious.  Pho broth is authentic!
Came here for roommate bonding time and it was a great experience! Pros: -The food came out quickly - within 10 min - IMPRESSIVE -A very nice and funny waitress -Fresh Spring Rolls were amazing!!! (SO GOOD) -Nice Vietnamese background music Cons: -The Pho soup could've been warmer. -The tea could've been warmer as well - we want HOT TEA!
Stopped here on the way home from Rochester. Service was fine, but the quality of the food left something to be desired. My boyfriend and I both ordered bowls of Pho. Strangely enough, the beef was very fatty and had no flavor (I'm not accustomed to this). The broth seemed to be missing the spice/clove flavor we love so much. We both thought it had a really strange aftertaste and wondered if it was just us, but I now see that Yelper Nora E. experienced the same thing.
Small, divey place but they sure do have some good food. Huge fan of the spring rolls and the avocado shake.
Fantastic hot tea! Bold and flavorful Great food but kind of a dump....especially the rest rooms!!! Fast friendly service and the won ton was fantastic!! I love this little dive!
Excellent. Had the spring rolls and chicken pho xau. prices very reasonable. Will definitely be back!
Who knew that Utica has been concealing such a delicious, hidden gem?!  This small, Viet restaurant has everything you could want--pho, solid appetizers, large entrees, bubble tea, and blended (sinh to) drinks.  It's hard to find a restaurant in a large city that serves all of these things on their menu *and* does them justice.  Pho Mekong House of Noodles did exactly that. Their beef noodle broth was tasty and fresh--no need to drown it in sriracha (hot sauce) or hoisin (brown bean) sauce.  It's perfect as it is!  They serve up the pho in glass bowls, which kept my soup hotter for much longer.  It was still steaming by the time I had reached the bottom of my bowl!  If you like meatballs, try the Pho Bo Vien.  The meatballs are so juicy.. and they have tiny bits of tendon inside, which are both chewy and crunchy all at once.  *salivates*  So damn good! We were pleasantly surprised to find that Pho Mekong offered a large array of blended shake flavors.  They even had coconut and durian!  The spring rolls were plump and chewy, just the way we like them. If you're in the Utica area and craving some pho or any other Viet dish, stop by.  Chances are, they'll have what you're looking for. Note: They're closed on Sunday.
My meal here was full of bad superlatives: - the hot tea was TOO cold; - the tapioca in my bubble Thai tea was TOO hard -- clearly not properly cooked; - the Thai iced tea was TOO sickeningly sweet -- so much so that I only had two sips and the rest is still sitting in the cupholder in my car ready to be thrown out when I find a garbage can; - the spring rolls were TOO bland -- even with the peanut sauce; - the pho broth was TOO salty -- so much so that I couldn't eat/drink more than half of it, even though I love broth; and - the rare beef slices in my pho was TOO cooked to be considered rare. The only good thing was the beef brisket in my pho -- it was just so tender and flavorful!
Pho Mekong has some solid pho.  The other reviewers here are dead on.  Having just returned from Vietnam about 2 weeks ago, we've been on a search for good since our return.  Have had pho in San Francisco, Bridgeport, CT and Pho Mekong since our return and this was definitely the top of the list.  Not getting 5 stars because...well...you get 5 star pho in Vietnam! That said, if you are in Utica...swing and get some pho (small or large, do not go XL) and you'll be satisfied.
We went to this place for the bubble tea.  The mango bubble tea was very good.  We also ordered the summer rolls, and the noodles inside were disgusting.  Overcooked, and gummy, almost like rotting noodles.  However, the noodles in soup that we had were good.  The noodles we got were the won ton mein, and the seafood noodles. The wontons were overcooked, and the wrappers also gummy and disappointing. In contrast, the noodles weren't finished cooking in the broth by the time they were brought out.  By the end of the meal, the noodles softened, and the broth in the bowls were delicious.  Would not come here again except for the fact that it was the nearest Vietnamese place around.
I went here for lunch while on a business trip. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. I was not expecting much, but everything was very fresh and came out quick and hot. the service was great and the prices were very good. But think everything in Utica is just much cheaper then I am used to. anyway, I had a kind of Pad Thai type dish that was excellent. Also had a nice app. to start with that was good. everyone in there seemed to be enjoying their meals.
I love this place so much I don't even know where to start! It truly is a gem in Utica's vast array of eateries. The best part about Pho Mekong are all of the options for vegetarians. If you live in Utica and don't eat meat, you know it's a difficult task to order food out. Here, the options are endless as well as delicious! also be sure to try a bubble tea!!
I'm not sure why this place has 4.5 stars, but it's really just an awkward second rate asian place. The food is okay, but has a weird aftertaste, and it's a little too expensive for the amount of food you get. The decor is cheap as hell, and the service is nice, but not particularly welcoming or interesting. The menu has good variety, but the quality is subpar.
Great Pho in Utica? Yes please! I wasn't the hardcore Phohead I am now the last time I stopped by Pho Mekong, but it will certainly be one of my first stops on my next visit back east now that I've gotten into the dish more! Having been spoiled with homemade Pho before coming here, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was blown away. Delicious broth and, just as important, fresh meat and veggies are paramount, and that's exactly what you get. One caveat, however. It is in a *lousy* area. Parking is not great, the building seems to be a small converted old home. The food is the reason you're there, though, so deal with it!
The food here is incredible and you can't beat the price.  We don't let a month go by without eating from here.  If you go, make sure to get the spring rolls!
Excellent pho, very good prices. Can't ask for much more from a simple joint like this.
I am in Utica business and had a workout in the hotel gym- I was then looking for some filling light vegetarian food so I went here. They were quick and their food was fresh tasting. They forgot to give me chili paste like I asked but it was okay without it. I had the rice paper spring roll (AMAZING)!!!! And the "soup" that had tomatoes, pineapple, sprouts, tofu, and spinach in a spicy chicken broth. It was so good, I was feeling adventurous so I tried it. I loved it and will now look for more Vietnamese restaurants in the future!!
Some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had! Their noodles are fresh and authentic and the broth is so flavorful! The owners are actually Vietnamese and are very friendly and welcoming. They really make sure to listen to customers preferences and nitpickiness about food. I really like that they have bubble tea too! I always try to come here when I can.
We order from here at least once a week - S49, ginger chicken (or whatever meat you want) over rice is great, fresh spring rolls are huge and great served with peanut sauce, I love all the tofu dishes listed in the vegetarian section - the tofu is not fried and everything tastes fresh and healthy. I only ordered the Pad Thai once and wasn't impressed - it was a bit too oily, but maybe it was just a bad day. I gave this place four instead of five stars because it is a bit weird inside and I don't like eating there. The woman at the front is delightful though and takes phone orders without screwing it up.
Delicious pho. Nomnomnom! Could use a little better parking, but overall I love it. Will always go out of my way to head down there.
I love Pho Mekong.  The prices are so reasonable and the food is fresh and delicious.  My favorite items are the "N16: Pho Tai, Gau", "VEG60: Vegetarian Egg Rolls", "A3: Shrimp Egg Rolls", and "RD58 Lemon grass chicken over rice."  They are very accommodating to large groups and the owners really take pride in each dish they send out of the kitchen.  If you have never tried Vietnamese food, I would highly recommend Pho Mekong.
This was my first Vietnamese experience and to date has been my best. The pho is the delicious and the prices are great.
I've only been once, so I'm not an expert by any means. However, the service was great, the food delicious, and you get a ton of food for very little. I discovered it while stuck on jury duty, and my lunch was big enough for at least two people. The food is light, but I didn't feel hungry for the rest of the day.
I was very surprised to see a Vietnamese restaurant in this part of town. The ma-and-pa feel of the restaurant drew me here with a friend and the food was great quality Vietnamese food. On a side note, don't walk alone - I was almost attacked by a random stranger.
I *love* Pho Mekong!  Honestly, this is one of the places I miss most in Utica--I always make it a point to stop by here for some noodles, spring rolls, and bubble mango shakes whenever I'm in town!  It's nice, the service is great, it's affordable, and it tastes *phenomenal!*  Too bad I couldn't pick this place up and bring it w/me; it's some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had anywhere in the country!  A definite must-have in Utica!
This is one of the first places I ate when I came to Utica and it was (still is) delicious! Glad to see you can get good Pho in this town. Also good were the eggrolls, fried rice and the curry. Great food and really nice owners. Quick service, you can get in and out of here on your lunch break and not worry about being late. I go here often and always enjoy it.
This place does not deserve the 4+ star average; at least not for the authentic Vietnamese taste (and the "Chinese" buffet is a turnoff and a dead give away). I debated to give it a 2 star but it would not be fair because at least the place is clean and the staff is friendly. Aside from the decent pho (but not great) and the durian drink, I'll pass on everything else if given a choice.
Out of all the restaurants in Utica, this is the one I miss when I'm gone. The owners are friendly, the prices are good, the food is tasty. For 6 bucks, you can get a massive bowl of pho, which for me is at least 2 servings. I definitely recommend it!
I ordered the soup as an appetizer and didn't need an entree... so much! This place is a gem hiding in Utica. Go eat here please :)
My wife and I stopped here for a late lunch while on vacation. The food here is the attraction. The restaurant is converted from an old gas station. The Summer Rolls were excellent and served with a peanut sauce. The bowl of Pho that I had was good and filling. The prices were inexpensive.
This is my go-to restaurant in Utica. My husband and I eat here at least once per week. The veg spring rolls are always amazing, and any dish that has meat can be substituted with tofu! Fresh, flavorful and just a perfect gem of a restaurant in Utica. Their bubble "teas" are not normal bubble teas, they are more like shakes -- blended ice and flavor. I love mixing them -- coconut and pineapple, banana and coconut, lychee and mango.
Great food! Great price! Vegetarian options to boot! I am a happy camper.
excellent bun
Fast, super friendly service! Great pho! It's like eating at a friend's house! Watch some music videos, eat comfort food and have a conversation with your hosts! LOVE.
Surprised to find a pho restaurant in upstate NY, we ventured into Pho Mekong wearily.  Walked in to find mirrored walls and bottles of sriracha everywhere - so far so good.  Sat down to be greeted by a 100% Vietnamese staff - getting better.  Looked at the menu to find pad thai and pad see ew - points deducted.  I know that the best pho places tend to only serve pho, and the idea of an Asian fusion menu would be unspeakable, but we were hungry and still curious (thanks to yelp), so onward we forged.  We ordered bowls of pho tai (not very adventurous when it comes to pho, but maybe in time) and my mom ordered a plate of thai fried rice.  I have to say that her rice was probably the best thing we ordered - super delicious.  As for the rest of us, the pho was also quite good but the broth was just a little lacking in flavor.  Even the sriracha, which I'm told is made in house at most places, was quite weak.  My brother doused his pho with nearly an entire bottle and made it out of there without sweating.  Nonetheless, this pho was infinitely better than any I've had in the New Haven area, so it gets 4 stars.  Also great prices - the 5 of us ate for around $35 including a mango shake and tax.
I tried the drunken noodles with beef.  $10 for a heaping plate.  The flavor and quality were outstanding.
i was a little surprised to see this place, as when i left cny, there wasn't any vietnamese to be heard of.  i moved to sunny socal, and i've had the pleasure of discovering vietnamese food, and more specifically, pho(and that's pronounced "fa", my friends).  pho is the perfect hangover food, the perfect sickness food, the perfect i-don't-need-a-reason food.  it's similar in mind to menudo, but good lord, there isn't any place to get it in the cny area. that being said, it's nowhere near as good as the pho i'm used to.  it's a tad off in every facet.  however, there isn't another viable option, and for one that hasn't had it, it's good.   for the reviewers that had negative remarks(ok, i only read the first two because i was too bored to continue)...1.) it's supposed to have tendons in it.  that's the traditional way to eat it. 2.)  if it says, rare steak, it does not mean the steak you eat with your pho is in fact rare.  it means it has not been previously cooked before added to the broth.  it's meant to cook in the broth, and most likely, since they are very thin slices, will cook in a matter of seconds.  also, well-done, merely means it was previously cooked before being added to the broth.   not fantastic, but, by merely no means bad.
Pho Mekong never disappoints us.  We have lunch here many times during the winter months.  Although most of the time the pho is excellent, sometimes it is just OK.  However, their "OK" is better than anywhere else.  There are many factors to quality control and we keep going back to check on it.
