The very best lunch in the area (the greens) for a ridiculously low price. I'd pay twice as much and be just as happy.
I give Georgio's 5 stars for their food and 3 stars for their atmosphere. I've eaten at Georgio's on several occasions and have tried nearly every variety of food on the menu. Hats and broccoli, riggies, angel hair pasta, rigatoni stuffed with ricotta. It's all delicious. The one thing that sticks out in my mind though is their vodka sauce. It's top-notch. As for the atmosphere, there are several areas they could improve. 1) It's too loud, and maybe that's just because of the acoustics of the place. I always feel like in shouting at the people I'm with and struggle to hear what they're saying. This isn't helped by their unfortunate choice of music that pollutes the atmosphere even more. (The last time I was there I remember hearing the song "Lean On Me," which nobody should be subjected to anymore...including Guantanamo Bay detainees.) 2) I don't understand what compels restaurants like Georgio's to mount television screens on the walls. Georgio's has two of them (both in the bar area), and on my most recent visit, one was showing a Guy Fieri marathon and the other was showing some show on ESPN that didn't make any sense without the audio. Why would a restaurant show the Food Network? It's showing their patrons images of delicious food that they can't have. I lost my appetite for pasta! I want whatever delicious tacos that spikey-haired idiot is making on television!!! But it's not on the menu!!!!!!!! Ahghggggggghhh!!!!!!!!!!!! 3) The waitstaff was ok, but they could be a little less chatty with each other and a little more attentive to their tables. It's a decent waitstaff, and they're nice and knowledgable about the menu. Overall, Georgio's is a wonderful restaurant and each time I go there is a special treat. You can look to spend about $25-30 per person if you include drinks/apps/tip. I always bring out-of-town guests here and Ventura's when I take then out for Italian food.
This place is two stars at best.  Slow service.  Took 25 minutes to take my order - that's at the bar.  Bartender did not know which pastas came as whole wheat.  Fine. I'll take the cavatelli - regular; I'm hungry. Let's not waste more time getting answers.  I want a Caesar salad.  Do you want a regular salad with Caesar dressing, or a Caesar salad?   Really?  I want a Caesar salad.  Salad comes. No silverware.  10 minutes for them to find a fork, but no napkin, knife or anything else.  After 15 minutes, and several follow ups I get a napkin and a knife.  Finally.  I'm almost an hour into it now.  Pasta finally arrives. It's good, but messy.  No plating awards here.  Ugh.  I ate here for lunch once - take out.  Everything was slathered in butter.  But I gave it one more try for dinner.  I ate the food, it was quite good but sloppy.  If you like wine, don't come here unless you like "the house cab" or KJ.  The service is very friendly.  I'll give them that.
A gem of New Hartford. If you haven't bee here - what are you waiting for?? Food was excellent and best place to eat Utica Greens.
At 5:52 on a Thursday night, the place is already packed! Managed to get the last open table. Service is good despite the crowd. It is a bit noisy, but it is packed after all. The bread arrived warm and tasty! It's pre-oiled, tasted like olive oil...and parmesan? I ordered clam casino for appetizer and it took a little long for it to arrive, my waitress did apologize for the delay. The clams came very hot, and the stuffing includes tiny bits of red pepper, that's my first and I enjoyed it. Dinner came with salad, and nothing special about the salad or the dressing. The entree was shrimp scampi, the sauce was light, just enough to bring out the flavor of the shrimps...and the shrimp was cooked perfectly, and very tasty as well. It came with a bed of eggplants, delicious combination with the shrimps. The only thing I would recommend is work on the button mushrooms a little, give them a little taste somehow... Oh, it also came with ziti or baked potato... I had the ziti and the sauce is good, but a few pieces of the pasta are slightly under cooked. Overall, it was a very good meal.
First time at the new location. Waited for about a half hour, even on a Tuesday. The decor is much nicer than prior, and a bit more modern for sure. The food was great as always- Riggies and greens are never a disappointment. The one drawback to this place is the noise level. Its extremely loud at dinner time. If you are looking for a quiet place to eat, this is not it.
When the better half and I travel, we use Yelp! to scout out a good dinner somewhere along the way. Yelpers didn't let us down! No reservations. No frippery. Just a small, intimate restaurant with a small dining area and a bar tucked out of sight around the corner.  We were amazed at how fast the place filled up. We arrived at about 5:45 and by 6 there wasn't a table to be had and the waiting list was growing by the minute. We started off with steamed clams and it was the first indication that we weren't going to be disappointed. Steamers are one of those dishes that seem incredibly simple, but so many places get wrong. Steam clams too long and they're rubbery. Over season the water and you lose the natural flavor of the clam. Forget to let them sit for just the right amount of time in clean water before cooking and you get a mouth full of sand. If the clams are even ever so slightly short of fresh they come out very fishy.  These were, frankly, perfect.  I'd give Georgio's five stars for these alone. Especially given that they were serverd in New Haven, New York and not a seaside fishing town. No easy feat. Dinner itself was fantastic with my filet coming out a perfect medium-rare (so many places over cook it to medium or under cook it to just barely warm and still very rare) and there was no monkeying about with it. They let the quality of the meat speak for itself. No seasonings or rubs or other 'enhancements'. A wise choice. You can choose other versions of the filet with toppings or stuffing and what not, but a straight piece of meat says a lot and this had a lot of good to say about the kitchen's attention to preserving the natural flavor of the meat. The better half went with  Pasta Viola, a veal and pasta dish (homemade pasta thank you very much) dish that proved not only to be packed full of flavor, but also generously packed with tender veal. The pink sauce was fantastic.  The portion was  o generous in fact that a large portion made its way with us to our final destination (we carry a cooler, just in case). Dessert wasn't something we were originally contemplating, but when confronted with the amazing selection of goodies on the dessert tray, we went for a Lemon cake with a homemade marscapone filling that was unbelievably good. What might have been most impressive, however, were the prices. $1.25 for a cup of coffee. Other than places with big golden arches, who sells $1.25 coffee? Or a $17 Filet  for that matter. The better half's overly generous Pasta Viola came in under $13. All told, our bill slid in under $50 and we had food to spare and nothing was  merely 'good'. It was all exceptional. Georgio's Village Cafe now has a permanent place in the GPS under "Road Trip Restaurants" a group that has fewer than 10 entries over the past 3 years.
Fantastic cuisine! Everything on the menu is great sometimes the wait is a little long but its worth the wait and they have a bar area to wait in and enjoy drinks. Also prices are very reasonable
Two Words: Georgio's Greens. I like them mixed with light-hot but if you're a spicy fan you can go whole-hot or not so into spicy - no hots. If you aren't from Utica forget everything you've ever heard (or haven't) about greens - these aren't southern style and these aren't par-boiled sadness. These are delicious greens with breadcrumbs, garlic, thick slabs of salami, cheese, roasted potatoes, sweet/hot peppers and they are simply fabulous! Georgio's also makes homemade delicious garlic bread, riggies to die for, and well pretty much everything here is tasty.  The service is spot-on, though sometimes it gets busy. One of my favorite places to go for lunch at home.
Georgio's has always been placed in the upper echelon of lunch hot spots in New Hartford, and for good reason. Sure, the clientele might be your typical hoity toity New Hartfordian, but when the food is this good, who cares? The serve two different types of greens - for the non-CNY-educated, that's sauteed escarole with bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, hot cherry peppers, salami and potatoes. Intoxicatingly good! They also have seemingly boring but blow-you-away amazing dishes, such as hats and broccoli. Service is alright - nothing that will have you out of your seat and cheering. Tack that onto the fact that your typical lunch will run you at least an hour and that further makes the meal about the food and little else. But if you're looking to "learn" what Utica food is about, look no further than Georgio's.
Yikes, and I mean that in a very good way! This place was out of sight.  The service was on point and the food was all out of sight.  We had the Chicken Scampi, Veal Valente, Chicken Riggies, and Friday Fish Fry, along with two different orders of greens.  All was amazing.  Towards the end of the meal, Georgio himself came out to our table and asked how everything was. Here's the best part: 4 entrees, 2 apps, 1 bottle of wine, 4 beers - $109.   This place gets the five stars for a combo of: price, authentic atmosphere, service, and excellent food.
Georgio's was a lucky find on a business trip. I was with a few colleagues, and we wanted something new, a culinary adventure, around Utica, so we Yelped a few places. Georgio's was one of the few places that was liked by all patrons regardless of their familiarity with the region.   When one walks into the establishment, one is enveloped by a warmth that is created by the decor. Although there is no fireplace in the restaurant, our table began to talk about another place that had one because the ambiance was relatively the same. For us, a bunch of Florida transplants, many of us miss the fireplace setting, so we really enjoyed the care that had been taken to transport us to a warm environment.   As for the food, it was good by my standards, but gourmet by the standards of the region. I had the chicken parmigiana, which was cooked well and topped with a good marinara sauce. I did think that the chicken could have had more flavor, but I was not disappointed. My colleagues tried various pasta dishes, and no one was disappointed. The limitless bread did not hurt either.   The service was another aspect worth noting, as we were not rushed and well cared for. I would definitely return.
It's decent but I don't see what all the fuss is about. The portobello was delicious, but my hats were overcooked and the veal was tough. The salads at my table were either underdressed or overdressed and the tomato sauce was just a step above bland. The service was absolutely fantastic. Very fast and very friendly. In other words, it's better than Olive Garden, but there are better local options than this place.
I am fairly new to greens but I am a big fan and have had enough to know what pleases my taste buds most. Georgio's Village Cafe has the best greens I've had thus far...I'm still dreaming about it. It had the right consistency and the right amount of spiciness. The garlic bread they serve at the beginning of the meal was pretty good. I tend to stuff myself on the bread regardless of whether it's good or not...and then I'm too full by the time I get my entree. I love garlic bread and it was actually good here so I was more than happy to binge on it. Their fried calamari was really fucking good! Perfect crispiness and a great sauce to go with it. My linguini with white clam sauce was nothing special. They serve you a pretty generous portion and I like to consider myself a champion eater but I was already so stuffed by the time it was placed in front of me so I only got to eat 3/4 of it...which is still pretty good for a girl my size! Overall I was very satisfied with my dining experience at Georgio's Village Cafe. I think I would've given them 5 stars if it weren't for the mediocre service. I wasn't crazy about our waitress - she seemed dumb and was kind of annoying. We also had to wait a little while to get our entree.
I would eat at Georgio's every week if I could, even though they don't serve fresh pasta and they're an Italian joint. The Vodka Riggis (rigatoni with a smokey, not-as-creamy vodka sauce filled with caramelized onions and pancetta)  are so AMAZING here that I carried an order onto the plane and all the way back to California with me.  The greens here are also quite delicious, and I really enjoyed the fresh baked house bread dipped in some marinara sauce.  I also loved the "Hats & Broccoli" dish (orecchiette pasta with brocolli florets) , which had a simple but delicious sauce that reminded me of chicken pot pie. The only con I can think of is that although I liked that the calamari was fried in a nice, light, crispy batter, I was disappointed to find only rings and no tentacles. It can get very crowded at lunch, so arrive early, but regardless, the food is well worth the wait!
What a great experience we had at this restaurant !!! We were in from NYC and took the advice from yelp-the atmosphere was beyond our expectations and the food was second to none.The best surprise of all was the prices !!! The greens are a must and don't forget the calamari-I had chicken santina which was outstanding,my wife had a pasta dish and my friends both had different veal dishes that they said were great Coming from the city where the food is the best-I wish they would come down here Make Georgio's a stop !!!
Wow!  What a find thanks to Yelp!  We were on a driving trip and wanted to stop around the Utica area.  I would have to agree with fellow Yelpers that this place is a fantastic value and the food was very good.  First time I ever tried greens and they were delicious.  Bottle of wine very reasonable-- In fact I think the entire meal with greens, two entrees and a bottle of wine with tax and tip was about 60.   Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.   Ps--- service was fast and friendly
I give Georgio's a 4 because it exceeded my expectations, which were not that high. The greens were awesome, really tasty, and I would say a must at this restaurant. My husband had veal which was pretty good, but my stuffed riggies were quite bland. Waitress was really nice, even though service was a bit slow, but that's cuz it's so busy.
Went here for lunch. Salad was very good with fresh ingredients. The home made ravioli were in a good tasting red sauce and were were also quite good.  I had tiramisu for dessert which was excellent. Service was quick , pleasant and efficient. I was here on a Tuesday right around noon and it was quite busy. Would recommend. fer sure. .
Love Georgio's, never had a bad meal there, everything is delicious. Despite the fact I live right around the corner I don't tend to go there very often just because it's so packed and cramped constantly and hard to hear anything that's going on. Love to see Georgio's in a new location where they can expand!!!
I took my daughter here for dinner after reading about it on Yelp. The reviews are right in the mark. A pleasant atmosphere, nice staff and an excellent Italian dinner reasonably priced.
Georgio's has nice decor, homemade pasta and fantastic greens. It is one of the best Italian restaurants in the area and the service is always attentive and kind.
Village greens are excellent.  Food is very reasonably priced.  New years dinner for 4 without alcoholic beverages only cost us $49.  Can't beat it.
Would give 3.5 stars. This restaurant used to be really good, but then they changed the way they make their pizzas, and now it's just above average. Their greens save them; haven't found another place that can match their greens. Pasta is mediocre, pasta sauce is ok, and salads are ok. Service can be hit or miss, wish they had more interesting drink options.
For Italian in Utica, this is it.  I had one of my best dinners ever here.  I ate the special, the waitress recommended a wine that made me actually gain an interest in wine, and I had the greens, which were fabulous.
The service was good as usual. The food was excellent. I had the Pasta Viola. The Veal was so tender it melted in my mouth. This is one of our favorite restaurants! Definitely a must for Italian food.
Just went there for my very first time. Excellent food at a great price with awesome service with a smile! Highly recommend! Going back often since I just opened up a "Marriage Coaching" business just up the street at 115 Genesee Street.
Always a pleasure to dine here!   Staff and food is above par every time!
Finally got back here since they remodeled. It is so nice! Makes you feel like you're in a metro area. Love the brick wall. The food is the same as always - delicious! We've been coming here forever and their food is always the best. If you haven't tried them yet, get the greens. And the chicken riggies. Actually the whole menu is amazing. They really have the best service as well. Our waitress was so efficient and described the specials to a t. Don't know how they remember all that! LOL.
Visiting this area from California.  Noticed.all the positive reviews so I checked it out.  Georgio's lives up to it's reputation, plus some.  Dined there twice for lunch and dinner.  The place was packed, great buzz, friendly staff, good service, and excellent food.  The owner/chef came out from the kitchen several times to greet his guests.  You can see he's very passionate.  This place is a must for any local or out of town guest..
I agree with all of these positive reviews. Except I normally get take-out, so not sure on wait staff. But food is always perfect, just how I ordered it, and fairly priced. Usually my once a month treat!
Proud to say I'm a Georgio's regular! Can't beat the greens. I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here - food and service is always exceptional.
This has become my new fave for Italian food. Locally owned Italian restaurants are becoming slim pickins in the Utica area. Ya gotta try the Pasta & Peas and Chicken Parm!
A favorite. Always our first choice when we are trying to decide where to go.
This is one of my Utica favorites.  Lunch consisting of Village Greens and Steak sandwich. All food served hot and very tasty.  Good service.  Restaurant tends to be very noisy.  Better to eat outside, weather permitting.
Our party of 4 arrived just before 5pm on a Saturday and we walked right in. The service was amazing! I found the prices to be beyond reasonable compared to where I live in CA. The greens were out of this world! They had a few different kinds, but we ordered the village greens were not disappointed. The bread was hot and they kept it coming! The bill was about $80 with wine, entrees, a shared appetizer and plenty of left overs. Great evening, I will be back for sure!
Loved this place.  Navigated the not-so-well-plowed streets of Utica down to New Hartford for a late dinner on a weeknight and found a decently crowded Georgio's Village Cafe.  Inviting interior when you first walk in to the bar area, then the dining room is to the left out the back of the bar.  It feels nicer than the price point, once you look at the menu and see most of the entrees are only about $10.  Delicious garlicky bread while we waited and a super-reasonable Saranac on draft were just the ticket while my girlfriend and I waited for dinner.  After our salad, I had the chicken riggies for the first time, and I loved them.  Lots of flavor and big chunks of chicken in a delicious creamy tomato sauce.  The perfect thing for the cold or really, any night. I was tempted to return again the next night to do the riggies again.  And the leftovers for lunch the next day were even better than the night before.  Loved the vibe and the food.  Highly recommend
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  I always make a point to go there (if the wait is under 2 hours) every time I go back home.  They have by far the best greens I have ever had in my life, I find that if the wait is too long that I just place an order to-go and eat them in the car as I am driving back to my family's house!!
If you are travelling through the area, I highly recommend stopping at Georgio's for a great meal.  They serve a regional dish called Greens (see Matt's review below), and the description does not do it justice.  I had the stuffed filet and it was also fabulous.  I was in Utica for a business trip, and after bombing out on two other restaurants, we thankfully ended up here.  I would say it's definitely the best bet ior dinner in the area.
Seriously good food. Very reasonable lunch prices and good service.
Chicken Riggis were invented here !  great place to eat quality food.  You can go for lunch for a deal, less than 20 bucks.  Greens and beans and other quality italian food....Go and you will be satisfied.  you have to wait and there is no bar, otherwise it would have five stars.  put your name in and if it is a hour wait run to cavallos for a drink.
Best Italian restaurant in the area hands down. Always delicious food at a fantastic price. Georgio's has a superb wait staff along with a fun atmosphere. You don't stay in the restaurant business as long as they have and not consistently offer all of the above. I eat there once a week and have never been disappointed
Everything is superb. Specials are unique and change nightly. Home of the best greens in the area which would naturally mean in the country, since greens is a area specialty. Price is right. Out of towners will be amazed at what they can get for a small sum of money.   Village greens and portobello mushrooms as appetizers is a good start.
Actually gets four and half stars because its crowded and wait times can get excessive but this is a minor gripe.  This place lives up to the hype, food is excellent all around.  The greens are habit forming and are hands down the best in the world no debate end of discussion.
