Don't be fooled by the rustic appearance of this classic, family-owned Italian place. This offers a very relaxed ambience. The service is great and you will definitely get the congenial vibe in the place. My visit to Utica was made unforgettable by this simple Resto because their food rocks! Huge portion & the Italian food that tickled my senses. Must go!
One of my favorite Italian restaurants on earth. Do not miss if you're in the area. Some of the best dishes are: broccoli & hats, meatballs, chicken riggies, anipasto w/ crumbly blue dressing, pork chops pizzaiola, mushroom stew and chicken parmesan.
Some of the best tasting Italian food I've had for as long as I can remember. A very good lunch spot for the food alone. First impression: Clean. Nice looking place. The salad, the dressing (Italian with blue cheese) has a perfect taste, and obvious freshness. Their red sauce is just right in flavor. Eggplant sandwich, provolone and peppers, thoroughly delicious. Long Hots appetizer...unique and spicy! The bread: unique, soft, somewhat unique in quality for an Italian place. Unique here means very good and interesting. Don't miss this place! Simple menu.
I went to this italian venue last week. I had the baked ziti and one slice of pizza. The ziti was good but didn't care much for the pizza. The place was small, it may have seated 20 people at most.
There are very few places remaining that give you that old Utica feel. Joeys is definitely one of them. Food is always great and staff pleasant.   I never say no if anyone suggests Joeys for dinner!
I selected this restaurant based on reviews posted to this site and one other.  Italian restaurants are a dime-a-dozen in Utica (much like Northern NJ where I spent most of my life), but the positive reviews written about this quaint neighborhood taverna caught my attention. "Dazzling"?  Hardly.  "Authentic"?  Yes.  In many ways, I felt as though I was in Brooklyn. There is a tiny parking lot adjacent to the restaurant, but more likely you will be parking on the street.  The neighborhood is "questionable", but I didn't have any problem (vandalism) parking right in front. The restaurant's sense of arrival needs a bit of work.  When you walk in, the floor in the small dining room is old and tattered. Even sticky (bathroom as well).  However, all is forgiven once the cheerful and friendly waitress takes your order. The food is indeed authentic.  Very tasty, fresh, and sauce the way Mama would make it.  An interesting variety on the menu - something for everyone.   The entree portions are HUGE, so you may want to share.  Ditto the antipaste appetizer - order for one will feed two hungry diners.  The shrimp and snow crab over cappellini had a lovely light sauce.  Delicious.  The saltimbocca over 'greens' (a local dish) was good but the veal was a little tough. Service was fair.  The waitress was very nice but overworked.  The price was very reasonable!
dont be fooled by the age of this facility.. great food, Friendly service
Delicious, fresh, reasonably priced Italian food. Had a good lunch on the road. Would love to take it home with me.
Good lunch- wasn't wowed- bread fantastic- I had lasagne and it was OK- I will be back for the other things on the menu I love....
Thanks Yelp.  We would have never found this place, because it is deep in an older Utica neighborhood.  The food was fresh, flavorful and best of all authentic. The staff was very friendly which added to the casual atmosphere.  This lace is not to be missed if you find yourself in Utica
If you're in Utica, I would suggest trying this place out. The decor is not amazing, but the food more than makes up for it. I went with a group the day before the Boilermaker and everyone was pretty happy with their food. The only issue that came up was when we tried to make a change to one of the items on the menu. I don't think the chef is very into changes as we asked for Fra Diavlo with red sauce on top of a vegetable option. The pasta that was brought out did not have red sauce but was slightly spicy. Overall I would say their meat options were better than their vegetarian, as no one had anything bad to say about them. Whatever type of sauce you decide to get though, I would suggest the Home Made Pastas they are amazing especially if you are running the Boilermaker the next day.
This is a small family restaurant. They have Italian-American food. I have eaten here many times, and things have always been fine. They are good; they are not out-of-this-world fantastic, but it is a good solid restaurant if you're looking for home cooking.
