The first experience I had here was very pleasant. My friend and I came in for a late lunch after finishing up our nursing clinical. Our waitress was very delightful and attentive to our every need. I had the moussaka and my friend had a gyro with a Greek salad. For dessert we had to try the homemade baklava!! It was a little sweet for my tasting but nevertheless everything was delicious-  I will definitely be back soon!
I really enjoy the Greek food at Symeon's! Also the service is very good. I am always excited when I get to go there
Out of town for work and a client took me here. I thought it was a little pricey for the area and the amount of food we ate, but it was delicious. Had the single skewer souvlaki, all lamb. Cucumber and yogurt sauce were really good too. Service and staff were friendly and place was clean. Interior could def use an overhaul.
Favorite restaurant of all time. Try the pastichio, chicken avgolemo soup, and baklava cheesecake!
I came here with my grandfather who frequents this restaurant and it is fabulous. The food is absolutely delicious. Service with a smile. Very accommodating staff. And the price is just right. This is a must do if in Utica.
I'm sure you can tell by the name, but this is Greek food...   This is a large place with enough space between tables so you don't feel like you are dining with another family.  The food prep area can be seen through the dining room in some spots and it looked quite clean.   My husband and I split an order of warm stuffed grape leaves and a sampler platter.  The waitress said the platter was big, and since we were out of town we didn't want to take leftovers.  The platter was excellent.  It had 3 meats on it, rice and a side.  However, it wasn't large by any stretch of the imagination.  It was just enough for me, who wasn't hugely hungry and my husband who certainly didn't leave full.   The food was fabulous.  And, the waitress was pleasant.  We would go back again, but maybe order more next time.   Parking was ample.   Gluten free options are somewhat limited since they rely on pita bread for many of their dishes.  We picked a meal that was mostly meat on purpose.  Dessert was almost entirely gluten based, so that was a bummer.
The food is sub-par for Greek. I've eaten here a few times and it's usually a disappointment. The lamb is overcooked and if you get a peek into the kitchen you'll see that it's basically a shishkebab factory. Their baclava is cheap; made with corn syrup, dolmas out of a can, not a Greek salad. One thing on the menu was actually very good; it was a sort of casserole with trout and cheese and filo dough. I realized that this was good because they had to cook it individually; they couldn't factory prepare it. Their Thracian Chicken is... it's chicken. Nothing Greek about it. Soulvaki with rice; generic. Symeon's is the go-to spot for the "where's my teeth" crowd: old people eat here. They love this place. Occasionally someone's elderly father who shouldn't be driving mistakes the accelerator for the brake and drives his Chrysler through the front of the restaurant. Symeon's is a local staple; the locals love it but I've never understood why. Everything on the menu is just bland, most likely because they prepare their food for mass quantities, not individual plates. I suspect that the couple who recommended this place to me had never been to another Greek restaurant. This one might as well be a Stuckeys.
Classic upstate NY restaurant. Excellent food, reasonably priced and every entree is delicious. I am a huge fan of the chicken and souvlaki combo, both of which are always cooked to perfection. One of my favorite restaurants in the area.
Friends and I were told this was the place to go! I must admit my lamb chops, salad and baked potato delicious! Others enjoyed skewers of meat, vegetables and eggplant with feta cheese, along with baklava (friends are not gluten-free so they enjoyed that dessert). This restaurant is huge with great seating for a large party, another section with tables for smaller parties and another section with bench seats closer to the kitchen. The owner came by to check on how everything was for us...no complaints from this group...even my friend's calamari was the best had in ages!
What a disappointment. To be brief: bad service, unimpressive food, and actually when you think about what you're getting- overpriced. The service. For some reason our waitress was not friendly.  A McDonalds window cashier would fare better. At no point did she smile during our visit. What actually bothered me though was her immediately turning and walking away after taking our drink orders before we could blurt out our order for an appetizer, and then doing it AGAIN when she dropped the drinks off! Then some pita bread was just dropped off by someone who was walking away by the time we could even look over at it. The food. Mediocre- and this is being generous. When you consider the prices $12-23/entree it is outright BAD. Salads = iceberg lettuce and literally 2 Kalamata olives, un-pitted. The "Sampler Platter" ($13.95) appetizer was OK, but really just fried eggplant and calamari, and everyone thought the grape leaf rolls were kind of strange, and... just.... not enjoyable. Sorry, I'll blame that on us for being new to them. Entrees didn't get any better. The Souvlaki Platter "Shish-Ka-Bob" (actually spelled "kebab") was, indeed, a skewer of 4 pieces of meat atop lettuce. Fine, I love simplicity- provided that the food is actually GOOD! This was not the case. The beef was tough, overcooked, and just very disappointing. And yet again, iceberg lettuce, + 1 unpitted olive. The $20 special "Surf and Turf" advertised out front on a big whiteboard (which curiously did not say exactly WHAT that surf or that turf actually consisted of) actually turned out to be another of the same beef "shish-ka-bobs" + 1 additional kebab consisting of 4 medium size shrimp. Well, woopee-@$*#ing-doo! Another curious little finding was that there was a nice wine menu but apparently no viewable list of beers anywhere. None. It seems they like to hide those type of drinks. I had to ask the waitress, who looked at the ceiling and rattled them off from memory. After about 10-12 I stopped her and chose one. There weren't any good ones.   Now...I expect these types of profit margin tactics at a chain like Olive Garden, but this is a local restaurant. This is supposed to be where people go to get AWAY from that sort of thing- the 2 dollars worth of food sold for $12.25. This is supposed to be where quality and service are placed above pretension and looks. I have never had this type of disappointment at any local place except at tourist traps in vacation areas. I know times are hard. But jeez. I felt betrayed. *Random final notes: the tablecloths are drawing paper and there are crayons at the tables. I guess it is a popular place to take kids. Also no reservations for groups under 6. Lastly, there are lots of elderly people.
Everyone knows Symeon's, it's a staple of the Utica area for Greek food. While you'll obviously find better cuisine in Astoria, NYC, the food is much better than average. It's classier than most local joints but not quite a linen table clothes type of place. After working here several years ago, I can say the food is still on point and has stayed consistent. The owner when there walks around, always friendly, good service overall.
Really nice, casual place. We came up here on our way to taking our daughter to camp, and decided to look and see what yelpers liked. This place came up and we know the kid likes Greek food, so we went for it. It was delicious. Place reminds me of a diner with the add-on rooms, the mix of tables and booths, and it was very homey. The calamari appetizer - calamarakia tiganita - was delicious and perfect. It's always great when you can order calamari and it comes out the way it's supposed to.   For dinner I had the mixed grill, consisting of a shish-ke-bob and a gyro over Greek salad. It was very good, a little more well done than I like, but still very good. My husband had the Thracian chicken, and the kid had the Thracian chicken sandwich. They were both very satisfied. I had baklava for dessert, couldn't resist. The husband had the Greek rice pudding & loved it, and the kid had a strawberry mousse which she decided she didn't like. It was very sweet, I didn't like it much, either, but I wouldn't have ordered that. Service was good, people were friendly, and yes, we'd go back when we're in that area again.
I'm in town on business and decided to check out the local Greek restaurants.  Before I get to the food portion of this review let me tell you that the restaurant is nice both inside and out . Seemed very clean and the waitress I had was a very nice woman and was attentive to my needs. First off my wife is Greek.  I thought all Greek food per-wife was gyros and lamb.  Over the past almost decade I have discovered it is so much more than that.  Her mom is a great cook and has passed that knowledge onto my wife.   My meal was a spanikopita and saganaki app. With moussaka as my supper and galadabourkio for dessert.  The spanikopita tased like watered down spinach in filo dough with no feta inside.  The saganaki was disgusting!!!  It looked like some had sausage pizza and white wine and threw it up into a dish, I sent that back.  The moussaka was fair at best, sadly it was the best part of the meal.  The galadabourkio Was horrible, the syrup looked really watered down and the middle of my custard was some weird color perhaps a whole egg yolk.  That was sent back also. The waitress removed the items from the bill but no manager came to address my needs/issues.  I did hear a lot of dings coming from the kitchen from what I would guess would be microwaves.  I have a feeling that maybe some of the food maybe cooked early and then reheated later in a microwave.  From the quality of food I can only imagine that is true. If your looking for Greek food don't stop here.
This is one of my favorite places to eat when I visit my family in Upstate, NY.  It is a shame I don't get here more often. I love the decor of this place and each room is a little different so it doesn't have that stale feeling to it. I'm a sucker for the Saganaki appetizer.  The combination of cheese, sausage and lemon works wonders together.  For dinner, I always Souvlaki Platter - it is just too good.  The seasoning on the meat is just perfect and the meat is always cooked just right, never dry but never undercooked.  I usually get both the pork and lamb to enjoy the distinct flavors but if I feel like spoiling myself it is lamb all the way.  They sell their spice blend online, I might have to order myself some. Baklava is a must here and if you are lucky, they have baklava cheesecake, which is shit your pants good.   A great local restaurant that is still thriving in a tough economic area so if that doesn't say something, I don't know what does.
I paid a visit to Symeon's in July of last year when I was in Waterville on vacation. Now, I may be a little biased since the waitress was my sister Jen, but this place was amazing and the service was fantastic! We had a huge party, with four generations of family coloring away on the table tops! I started with tzatziki for the pita that comes to the table, to die for! So garlicy and delicious, the best I have ever had! I went on the the lamb souvlaki, which again was amazing! I finished with the globotken (sp?) This dessert was so good that I came home and have attempted multiple times to recreate it here in Anaheim, Ca! I cant wait to go back to New York, and there is no way I wont make at least one stop at Symeon's!
I just moved back to the area a couple weeks ago and I've already been  to Symeon's twice.  The chicken dishes are great, so tender.  Oh, and the baklava is so good.  We actually get the seasoning mix to make our own Symeon's salad dressing at home. My family goes for lunch every other week because of the great service, prices, and food.  Every time I've been there for lunch the owner actually comes around to make sure everything is perfect.   The lunch prices are very reasonable.  Def worth checking out.
My boyfriend's family ordered take out from here one night and I had the pleasure of bingeing on delicious Greek food. I got the THRACIAN CHICKEN, which was very yummy. It came with some rice pilaf which I thoroughly enjoyed as well. The best was the cubes of lamb on skewers. They went so well with the yogurt sauce, I had so many of those. Symeon's is the best Greek food I've ever had, but I cannot give them more than 4 stars because apparently the dishes were ridiculously salty. I could not stop drinking water after that.
The Best Greek food outside of Greece Grew up in Utica , left many years ago Always make this a stop when home 4-5 times a trip Great prices & real Greek food Do not pass this wonderful place up Great for dates & families
I like this place a lot. I recently was back home and got to have lunch here with my aunt. The atmosphere is nice here, bright light from the windows, friendly service and elegant settings. I of course throw this off with my messed u hair and hoody, but hey its me. Anyways I really like their dolmas. You can buy them from the little cafe in the front too I think to-go. And they have really tasty salad too. Makes you feel healthy but you know, if it tastes great and looks good for you, its really probably horrible for you :) Feta cheese yuuuum. Well anyways, usually I end up with a lamb kabob or lamb chop, but this time I went for the fish, salmon specifically. ... And I keep asking myself why I deviated. It was ok, but not as good as the other choices. The salmon was frozen before, you could tell by the texture. Still good but like I said, not like you expected when you come here for meat dishes. I would still recommend going for anyone who wants to have some greek food in the area.
Hands down my favorite Greek restaurant I've ever been to. Maybe I am partial since it's food I grew up on, but I can't find anything that even comes close. I generally start out with the warm Dolmades  and then its a toss between the lamb Soulvaki  with rice and the Chicken Florentine. Make sure you save room since they also happen to have the best baklava I've ever had- sometimes I find other versions too cinnamon-y and sweet but this is a perfect balance. Servers are always friendly and accommodating, and the restaurant itself is spacious and casual. I wish they would open up in Charlotte but it's one of those things that I have to go home to enjoy. I'll be back on my next trip!
Went to symeon's the night before the boilermaker to load up on essential nutrients. I got the lamb chops and they were nicely seasoned and made to perfection. The place was quite packed, but there's a lot of seating. I like how the kitchen is somewhat visible and it's pretty cool to see the chefs work. Will definitely go there again!
This place is solid. The Avgolemono is very good, as is the Thracian Chicken. Service is fast and friendly.
When I lived in upstate NY as a kid, this was my favorite restaurant. 10 years later, I'm still asking my friends who live there to bring me back packets of their marinade/dressing mix. The decor is classic Greek, with blue tile mosaics on the wall, Greek art everywhere, yet still manages to come off tasteful and chic rather than kitschy and overdone. Their food is still the best Greek cuisine I've had; their kebabs are perfectly grilled, the veggies are to die for, and their rice is heavenly. The seasoning they use is the best I've ever come across, and I myself will cook my kebabs with none other. Great for the fun time you'll have and the spot-on cooking you'll enjoy.
Th reviews for Symeon's Greek Restaurant were a deciding factor when I wanted to find a dining experience in the Utica area that was NOT Italian!  :-)  While a few miles outside of the city, it was well worth the 15 minute drive. Customers are warmly greeted by the owner/manager on arrival, which sets the tone for a pleasant dining experience.  The restaurant spacious, and nicely decorated in good taste (some Greek restaurants go a little overboard with their Greek theme).  Tables are appropriately spaced apart so that even though I was sandwiched between two families with kids, it was not a poblem. I noticed that they have separate rooms for special events, and they handle groups (there was one while I were there) well. A nice selection of traditional Greek specialties, tasteful and authentic on the menu.  Service was quick, cheerful, and special requests were not a problem.  Dining here was a pleasure on all fronts.  I wish I was able to give Symeon's a 4-1/2 star rating, which would have been more appropriate. I will return, no doubt, when I am next in the area and highly recommend Symeon's.
Was good, the food we had was well prepared and tasted great. I would have liked some wraps for the gyro dish but other than that I would definitely go again. Place is huge and has so many people working there, looked like a work force of people all doing something lol
I honestly don't really get the adoration of Symeon's.  The food ranges from "meh" to "ok," the service is sloooow, and for the lack of decent service/quality, the prices are a tad on the steep side.  It's certainly not the worst place I've ever eaten, but I did make a point of avoiding Symeon's whenever possible when I lived in Utica, as so many people kept suggesting it as a place to go for dinner.  If you're looking for an AWESOME Greek meal w/great service in a building that doesn't look like a converted Wal-Mart, go to the Acropolis on James St.   You'll never want to go back to Symeon's again!
The food and service were both excellent! We had kabobs and Greek salads. All were served with smiles. We will be back :)
I have been to Symeon's many times and have walked out always satisfied. I always order the sovloka platter, which is chucks of lamb/beef skewers which I side of salad which features Symeon's own dressing which is very flavorful. The yogurt dressing I use to dip the lamb in is a great compliment to the meat. The service is always geat and the dining area is always clean, overall a great environment to sit down and have a nice meal.
I grew up in Cooperstown, and being in the military I make it home very seldom, but when I do I always try to make at least one trip to Symeon's. The food is alway very good, as is the service. I've been to Greek restaurants in different places, but none are as good as this.
Solid Greek restaurant. Came here my freshman year of college with a large group of students. We had a great time and certainly enjoyed the food. Nice restaurant, kind service, excellent food. Would return.
Certainly not authentic Greek but it hits the spot. The melted cheese with sausage is sooo good - I think they call it Saganaki but its not like the Saganaki I get in Astoria. The chicken breast is so juicy and tender and yummy - so much so we bought a batch of the seasoning and used it all summer long and got rave reviews!
A regional staple and a great family meeting spot.  An absolute must every time my wife and I come home to visit family.  No trip back to Clinton seems complete without setting foot in Symeon's. A personal favorite of mine has always been Thracian Chicken.  A side of Tzatziki dip with the gratis bread is also a must have.
Symeon's is by far the best restaurant in the area. The food is fresh, everyone is super-friendly, and it has great atmosphere. Large parties, just a quick lunch, whatever--this is the place to go. I have not been there for some time, but I can still remember how awesome it smells in there.
Oh Yelp.  Why can't I give half stars?  If I could, Symeon's would be a 3.5.  Growing up in CNY, Symeon's was a big part of my life.  I've been here for prom dinners, funeral dinners, casual dinners, and Latin Club lunches.  The last couple of times I've been here, though, have been not as good as I remember.  It seems like quality is a little hit or miss lately.  I don't know why this would be...some things are still excellent, like the salad dressing, but my other old favorites (Thracian chicken and rice pilaf) from back in the day tasted bland last time I was there.  I'm going to go ahead and try to visit Symeon's again next time I'm home and if I get the quality I remember, I'll be sure to update this.
Fantastic family run place. Big enough that when you just show up with 12 people, they can still fit you in. Everything from the aps to the desert is worth whatever wait you might encounter, which usually isn't too bad. The souvlaki is great at lunch or dinner, the salads are super tasty, and the deserts make you wonder how many you can take home. Service is always good, and you can sometimes catch Symeon working the door. Come on Sym, go Nationwide!
Authentic Greek food. Run by a family. A staple.
My other half has been going on about this place for years. I thought it was misplaced nostalgia but he was right, it is one of the best Greek restaurants I've been to outside of Greece. Lamb and chicken kabobs were both amazing. Take home some Symeon spices to make grilled chicken breast magic!
Dropped by Symeon's on our way home from a horsebackriding trip update.  Had the homemade chicken lemon soup.  Really delicious, reminds me of a soup I used to eat at a Greek restaurant in NYC when I was young.  Not greasy and very fresh tasting. It could use a bit more lemon to make it more authentic, but it still tastes great.  They served thick pita bread with the meal which wasn't great, think was a day old warmed up.  But wait.... underneath the thick pita, was a thin pita, which was just wonderful, light and fresh.yum I got the lamb shish kebab and my wife got the chicken.  The Shish  kebab was nicely seasoned and tender, the yogurt sauce was a bit too creamy but tasty. The chicken was good, kind  of boring being it was just a seasoned breast on a plate of salad with dressing. The real treat was the baklava.  It's got many thin flaky layers with a real nutty flavor.  They pour fresh honey over it which is a really nice touch and makes it one of the better baklava's I've had. Overall, good Greek food, good service and I'll be back to try more from their menu when I'm up in Utica next time.
This is my favorite home town restaurant. The fish fry is just gold in your mouth! Everytime i come from california this is a must stop for me. Nice meal good service. cant beat it!
Not quite as good as everyone claims.
Fantastic calamari with signature Symeons special seasoning (a cayenne/paprika mix). I have grown up at this restaurant and can honestly say I have never been disappointed with a meal. I have traveled and studied in the Greek isles and in Athens and saw zero differences between Symeons food and authentic Greek cuisine. On top of it all - the service is warm and friendly - you feel like you are over to someones house for dinner. Be sure to try the baklava too!
I reallllly dont know what all of the hype is about. Its fine Greek food. Sometimes it is bland. Ehh, I go there if I have to. But, its not what it is cracked up to be.
Excellent casual Greek restaurant, popular in the Utica area for decades.  All food seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Very attentive wait staff.  Try the Thracian Chicken. Hot, sliced chicken breast served over Greek salad.  All plates served with pita bread. Buy a packet of seasoning on your way out to make your own slad dressing and marinade.
great greek food!! I have to have self control or i would eat there every night!!
Portions were small. Food was decent. Atmosphere was a bit noisy and dining areas very open. Not bad. Not stunning.
Not impressed.  The gyros tasted like hamburger meat, not lamb.
I've been coming here for 23 years. This place is awesome. Food is freshly prepared and always comes out piping hot. Was in Upstate NY recently for some family visits and ate at Symeon's TWICE in 4 days. Both times were impeccable. As greek food goes, Symeon's is as good as it gets.
My husband and I went to symeons as a late sort of dinner which can be tricky with a 13 month old. We were thrilled to only have to wait about 3 minutes to be seated. After being seated right in front of the service station, we got to see one server eating in the service station and heard others complaining about guests. I have 8 years of serving experience and this is a huge no-no. Either way, our food was really good, we had the Greek appetizer, my daughter had the kids grilled chicken and loved it, my husband had the beef and souvlaki, and I had calamari. The only unenjoyable parts of the meal were: my glass of Pinot grigio which seemed a little flat and old, and the fact that our waitor was really standoffish to us and had another server did most of the work. He wasn't friendly at all and I hope he wasn't stereotyping because we are young and with a young child. I'm a server and know that everyone pays with the same money. And my husband even cleaned the mess off the floor. So I'm not sure what the issue was. All in all though I'll continue to return because we love the food, atmosphere, and what's more fun than coloring on the table :)
