As a rookie (to both Utica and 'Riggies') I enjoyed the lunch buffet immensely. Not only was the food amazing (so creamy and fresh) but the staff was beyond helpful and kind. I was there after lunch and the place was nearly empty except for the wonderful smells and big smiles on the staff and patrons! I will go back in a heartbeat.... oh and be sure to order some garlic bread. Simple yet delicious!
I had a wonderful experience when I went. I think this is a good Italian restaurant to bring kids to on Friday and Saturday. Very family friendly. A few things to know: 1) Don't be in a hurry to go in, eat, and leave. The waitstaff is one of the most friendly I've encountered in the area but they're not in a rush. You shouldn't be either. 2) If Hagrid from Harry Potter were to live in Utica, he would eat here. The portion sizes are enormous. I can proudly put away a lot of food and I was only able to eat about 1/3 of what was served to me. 3) There's a lounge singer there on Fridays and Saturdays. I was prepared to be annoyed, but it turned out to be kind of entertaining. I was pleasantly surprised. I had the linguine with Alfredo sauce and chicken. Very delicious. I waddled out of the restaurant with a big smile on my face. My wife had an eggplant dish. She liked it, but found the marinara sauce to be too sweet. Overall, I recommend that people give this place a try. Everyone who worked there was very personable and friendly. This isn't the type of restaurant that everyone is going to fall in love with, but those who do like it are going to go back regularly.
Ate here while in town for my sisters wedding back in September. I was nervous because I really loved Bella Mia and when I heard it closed I wondered where I would get my riggies! :) Needless to say, the food is still awesome!!
My wife and I just enjoyed a delicious meal at Bella Regina after visiting the Utica Zoo. They give you these pita chip-like crisps and some gooey, garlicy cheese for dipping before the meals come out. Very tasty. For my entree, I ordered the eggplant rolitini and my wife ordered the riggies. Both were amazing! For what we paid, the portions were HUGE! We have enough leftover for lunch and possibly dinner tomorrow. If I had one complaint, I would say that I found the marinara too sweet. The service was perfect. Debbie was so friendly and attentive!
THURSDAY, SEPT. 25TH HAPPY HOUR 6pm to 9pm Live Entertainment with Last Tango Drink Specials include: $5 Martini's, $2 Cans and More Get an early start to your weekend with Bella Regina!!!!!!! Thank you for a great night.  First Thursday Happy Hour with Last Tango. Served over 100.  Successful night once again!
Definitely worth checking out, there is a live singer Friday and Saturday nights singing your favorite old hits, delicious food, huge portions and friendly staff. On a busy night it took about 45 minutes to get our food but it was well worth the wait
I was really excited to try this restaurant.  Loved reading the reviews here on YELP.  We walked into the restaurant at 7:30 and didn't get our main course until 9:05.  What is more, we waited almost a half hour in-between our salad and main course.  Never sis the waitress ask if we wanted a refresh on our drinks nor did she apologize for the long wait until I asked her to check on our food.  After all of that, she then made us wait 10 minutes to get our check.  We ordered pasta and it was totally underdone.  Overall it was a terrible experience and we will never return.
New spot, great decor, high ceilings, nice live entertainment. Good service. The host made us feel welcome and he and the singer came to our table to ask how we were doing a couple times. The food portions are HUGE. I ordered chicken and mushroom fettuccini pasta and it was enough to feed a family! I will not return, however, because the food SWIMS in oil! I didn't notice it at the restaurant but when I rewarmed my leftovers, that's when I noticed it. Swimming, I tell you! Also, they don't have a drink or dessert menu but the waitress will tell you verbally what they are...what?
My husband and I came here for the chicken riggies and greens lunch buffet and we were not disappointed. The food was fresh, the sauce on the riggies was perfect and the greens were delicious. Perfect way to get our fix while we were in Utica.
Very friendly staff and the food was excellent! I ate lite though. I had the eggplant app, which was perfection. The eggplant was as thin as you can get, crispy on the outside with just enough cheese and sauce, YUMMY!  I also had a veggie which also cooked to perfection, al dente. I will say all the food coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled wonderful.  The portions are generous too!  This was by far the best bite to eat I had in Utica!
In response to the post by Chris S AT NO TIME HAVE I EVER ENCOUNTERED A RUDE OR CREEPY PERSON!! Every single employee, from the front door to the kitchen has ALWAYS been polite, courteous, & makes you feel at home. The food is fresh & made to order & is ALWAYS outstanding, delicious, & fantastic. I have recommended Bella Regina to many friends & NO ONE has ever been disappointed!!! They are a class act that packs the dining room every night of the week!!   THAT SPEAKS VOLUMES ABOUT THEIR FOOD & STAFF!! I have been coming here many times since they first opened in January so I feel confident voicing my opinion!!
Terrible !!  Absolutely terrible!!  We had no reservation and they had tables open so they accommodated us. We ordered alcoholic drinks and they had specials but were only available if we want at the bar. Understandable but ridiculous. We ordered and waited over an hour for food. Had one guest who cannot eat gluten and told the waitress and when salad was brought out had croutons, asked for another salad, got another salad. Again took over an hour for food to come to table. Food finally came out and guest with gluten allergies had bread crumbs on entree, asked to have it remade came back 90 seconds later and bread crumbs were scraped off because under the food was still had bread crumbs on it. Then made a new dish that took 15 more.minutes. chef said would comp desserts for table. No one wanted desserts and gluten free guest can not eat any of the desserts, so asked for dinner to be comped and they refused because guest ate the meal, after 3 tries and waiting over an hour. Nice atmosphere but no way we are coming back. Guests that came in after us received their entrees way before we did. Server was great and no fault was hers. Chef and management need to review their ethics and  keep as many as customers as they can. Remember each bad review goes to 10 people and from there on. Stay away stay far away. Less than a year they will be gone just like every other business that goes in that space.
Was up here for work and was skeptical when a coworker suggested it. Had the veggie riggie with sweet peppers--so good it made me with I had fasted all day so I could eat every last drop. Huge portion. Delicious creamy sauce. Big beautiful veggies included mushrooms and broccoli. Really nice waitstaff. I will be dreaming about all that I couldn't finish.
Staff rude, host tries to be super friendly but comes off as creepy. Friend became sick afterwards, I don't think their hot bar is hot enough to stop bacteria.
What a wonderful surprise! We followed the Yelp reviews and they were all spot on! It is a wonderful family run restaurant. Regina's brother at the door and her lovely mother waited on us! The food is made to order and delicious! Plan on taking home a doggy bag to eat the next day as the portions are very generous! We will definately go back when we are in town next! Would recommend that you visit Bella Regina sooner rather than later! 5 stars!!!
We found Bella Regina through Yelp and everything said in earlier reviews was right on target.  The Chef-owner Regina opened the restaurant at the beginning of 2014 and it is a wonderful find. We had never had riggies before and are definitely addicted to the riggies made by Regina.   Her brother is the Maître de and we were waited on by her wonderful mother.  No matter how hungry you are when you arrive you will still need to take some home to eat another day because the portions are so large.  Every dish is made to order!  Our daughter is planning on attending Hamilton College in Clinton, which is just a short drive away so we will have many opportunities to try all of her riggies recipes.
Wow!!! If i could give this restaurant 6 stars i would! Everything about this place is excellent. First off the service is very good the host which i believe is the owners brother is polite, friendly and charming he makes you feel welcome like you are part of the family. The atmosphere is comfortable, complete with a lounge singer, singing all the classics. The menu is stacked with the heavy hitters we all know plus some dishes that you wont find anywhere else in utica. The food couldn't be better so delicious. All the dinners are made to order Homemade! The portions wont leave you hungry. The prices a very reasonable. The waiters are attentive and eager to please. The deserts are fantastic rich and homemade. Did i mention the food is phenomenal. If you have restaurant then look out this girl is the real deal. I have no doubt that Bella Regina is here to stay! I dare say my favorite place in utica. I will have many pictures soon, it wont be long before i return to get my fix of our home city favorites such as chicken riggies. Its an 11 out of 10. BRAVO!!!
