We were four musicians coming down from a show in Canada on a Sunday, a 9-hour drive home to New England. We had agreed that we would stop and eat at the halfway point in the drive, which turned out to be Utica, NY. Utica has a sizeable Italian population and lots of Italian restaurants, so one would THINK that we'd be able to find one open on a Sunday. Nope. I scrolled through the offerings on Yelp, and every single Italian restaurant seemed to be closed on Sunday. (Sadly, Utica itself doesn't have much happening anywhere on Sunday). But reviews for one place jumped out at me--Sunny's Asian Restaurant.....including one where one reviewer said he cried over the food, it was so good.  Alas--it looked like they closed at 8:00 on Sunday and we wouldn't get there until after that--but with one reviewer saying they seemed to be amenable to latecomers. As traveling musicians, this is music to our ears, since the lifestyle makes for eating lot of crummy food at odd hours. So I called them, and discovered that not only they are open until 9:00, they seemed to be very relaxed with the fact that we would be arriving some 20 minutes or so prior to that closing time. I cannot tell you how many restaurants cannot be bothered to feed hungry travelers within half an hour of closing. Not these guys. How nice it is to feel so totally welcome at an eating establishment! That was the first big thumbs up, right there...a restaurant that seems to really care about your business. In the car, on the way down, I scrolled through the online menu, seeing some intriguingly unusual options: Cambodian Farmers Soup--featuring lime juice and pickled lotus leaf of all things! It is hard to find Cambodian food. Seafood/pork dumplings (it's usually one or the other), something called "Strange Flavor" which the waitress described as a kind of sweet and sour sauce and which the menu described as a Chinese bar-be-que sauce. Said waitress was very accommodating with all my questions; the entire wait staff was great (both of them). They had a special called Omurice, a western Japanese dish which she had difficulty describing but was actually fried rice wrapped in a very thin omelet drizzled with Siricha sauce--I ordered it out of curiosity, with the pork option as recommended, and WOW!--the pork so tender, the rice so flavorful. The Cambodian Farmer's soup had a tangy satisfying broth, very light and flavorful with the chicken I had selected and the pickled lotus leaf. The hubbie ordered a very ordinary-sounding Seafood Fried Rice, which was not ordinary at all, redolent with a whiff of sesame oil--yum! The kitchen very willingly swapped out the squid for more shrimp and crab. The seafood/pork dumplings, steamed, were melt-in-your-mouth tender and very flavorful, accompanied by a not-overly-spicy dipping sauce which was perfect with its slight kick. My friend ordered the also-ordinary-sounding seafood Pad Thai, which came with the side dish of fish sauce to pour over it; although I find Pad Thai less than exciting many times, the squid was so tender and the overall flavor was so good! The place is BYOB, although they have a selection of Cambodian iced coffees and the delicately-flavored jasmine iced tea, along with a selection of the uber-hip bubble teas in various flavors--strawberry, mango, banana, green tea, etc. My husband was disappointed that they don't have the homemade lemonade that so many Vietnamese restaurants have, and although Asian is not usually his first choice in dining out, he loved his fried rice dish. It was all so mind-blowingly good, and such a good dining experience overall, that I pushed my way into the insufferably hot kitchen to compliment the chef--who apparently whips up all the goodies with the help of his wife. Although it seems they barely speak English, and looked somewhat started when I barged in there, they seemed very happy that we liked the food so much. The place is small, in kind of a funky neighborhood (there is a tiny private lot out back, along with street parking), and somewhat difficult to find, but don't let that stop you if you like out-of-the-ordinary Asian food.  5 stars! Portions were generous; we came home with a car full of leftovers. The bill was a very-reasonable $65 for 4 people. Too bad I live in Connecticut! On my next trip through there, I am going to plan it so I can check out that "Strange Flavor" dish, or maybe the Pad-Bie-Ka-Pow Stir Fry - Hot, described on the menu as a dish that will "light your fire." Or the Sunny Special Fried Rice, with beef teriyaki and bean sprouts and veggies....
great, authentic food! everything on the menu if worth getting. I usually get the pad Thai, they currently make the best pad Thai I've had in NY. You get a lot of bang for your buck, food prices are very reasonable!! I would recommend this place to anyone.
We visited on a Friday evening when we were passing through Utica, and didn't have to wait for a table - service was quick and friendly, and the food was amazing. Between three of us, we ordered the steamed pork appetizers and shrimp spring rolls (both were fantastic), and for entrees, we had the pork bun xao, the drunken noodles with shrimp, and beef and broccoli with jasmine rice.  Thumbs up on everything! The drunken noodles were my personal favorite (flavorful and not short on shrimp) but everything was great!
Quite possibly Utica's best kept secret. I was ready to hate this place with a passion when I ordered takeout and waited in the restaurant for an hour. (Tip: Order ahead.) When my food arrived, I went home angry, opened my meal, and proceeded to eat a meal that I consider to be a life-changing event. I cathartically wept tears of joy into my nime chow. God was finally revealed to me as I worked my way through the pork dumplings. And this crescendoed into an aria sung by the angels as I shoved spicy beef stir fry into my food hole. Ok. I'm being a bit over-dramatic, but the food was really excellent. Regardless of my first impression of having to wait for an hour, the meal itself made up for it. I'm going to be going back regularly.
This place might be five stars; it's close. Firstly, thought they were open until nine, but they close at eight on Sundays. Since we got there at like 7:50, we asked if it was okay, and they didn't care at all. In fact, they seated people as we were leaving almost an hour later. Very nice and accommodating. I got the spicy udon noodles with veggies and tofu. Spice was right on; a little less than I expected, but it also meant no cumulative pain. (Tofu was also a little softer than I like, but it hadn't been fried at all and held flavor really nicely, so points for flavor and healthiness.) Girl got Bangkok crunchy noodles, medium. She found them a bit spicy, but it was just right for me. She got chicken which she said was really good. A lot of carrot and tasty green peppers. The sauce was really nice. (I preferred mine but kept stealing more and more bites as the night went on.) We also got the fresh spring rolls. Veggie wasn't a menu option but not only did they say they could do it, they offered to add tofu. It came with two dipping sauces that were both tasty, but plum sauce? You rule my heart. I also got the Cambodian iced coffee, which I'd never had. It was quite nice. Less sweet than a Thai iced coffee (by a mile) but still a tasty treat. Bill was like $24 before tip, which was pretty fair--we both had plenty to take home for another meal. So, so close to five stars. Probably falls short with the menu, but that's strictly personal preference--seemed high on seafood, which I don't care for. But plenty of tasty options for all. Very recommended.
Flavorful!  All 6 meals! I tried the restaurant on a recommendation from my girlfriends cousin. My gf and I ordered the shrimp, pork, and chicken spring rolls. They were very crispy and light. Delicious.  For the main meal I tried the chicken Cantonese noodle. The most flavorful Cantonese noodle I ever had, not bland at all! Highly recommend. My gf had the drunken noodle and she was very impressed. We liked the food so much we came back the following day and hungry! I ordered the birds nest crispy noodle dish. So good!   My gf ordered the sweet and sour fish. Light and crispy with a really good flavor.  We also ordered beef "loc lac". (Not sure how to spell) The sauce it comes with is super flavorful. Really delicious! We were leaving Utica the next day, so I asked if they recommended anything else. "They recommend the lo mein,  so I ordered it to go. Best lo mein I ever had!   If you get a chance eat here. I already told my gf the next time we visit her family we are coming back!
How could Lotus Garden get best of Utica and not Sunny's??? Maybe they just haven't found this place a little further down Bleeker and on an side road. The flavoring is better and nicely balanced. The spicy dishes definitely have a kick, just the way we like it! Their soups are delicious and large sizes good for sharing or to have as an entree with rice. I wish they would give more veggies with their vegetable/tofu options (they consider scallion or onion a "veggie"--puh-lease!) but they said we can specify this and they can do it. I haven't tried that yet so we'll see. Definitely on our usual places to go out to eat list. A solid 3.5 stars.
By far the best Asian food i've had in CNY. Had Cambodian Farmer Soup, Loc Lac and Papaya Salad. Highly recommended.
Love this place. My partner and I found it on a Sunday (the restaurant we went into Utica looking for was closed, as were most others). But it isn't only their wonderful weekend friendly hours; the food was delicious--fresh, nicely balanced, and unique. I had never eaten Cambodian food before, but the Lotus Root Soup was memorable (we ate there over a month ago and still talk about it). That's about as good as it gets food wise-- speaking praise of a dish long after its been eaten.
If you're into delicious food this would be a good place to check out. This is probably my 2nd favorite Asian restaurant in CNY (1st being New Century in Syracuse). Average priced entree is $7-11. I've heard this place is run by Cambodians. Plus you can often hear Khmer being spoken. It seems like the best Asian places in Utica are run by Cambodians. I come about every month or so here and like to vary my menu selection. I can say that my favorite is E9 on the menu, Pad-Bie-Ka-Pow Stir Fry. My girlfriend had always gotten the Pho/Katiev until this weekend when she opted for the hot pot which she said was also great. If I can say anything negative, it'd only be that the parking lot is very small. I'm often forced to park down the street a bit.
The best Asian food we had in a long long time. Very casual place, the service was very friendly. Lot of young people eating here when we were there. Their spring rolls (wrapped in rice sheet and not fried) were unique, fresh, great texture and tasty.  Lots of choices.
