Amazing food and staff. Great atmosphere. . Owner friendly and personally introduced himself to us. You won't be disappointed.
I ordered take out here- hummus with pita bread, stuffed grape leaves and a few other basic Greek appetizers. Everything seemed to be very fresh. I picked up the order and the restaurant looked really cool inside and the staff was very pleasant. I would like to stop back again and dine in!
Wow, really good, authentic mediterranean food. Not greasy at all, but definitely not lacking any flavor at all. Will probably start eating here every day eventually.
Great find in the middle of a shopping center. Almost don't want anyone else to know about it so I can keep it for myself. But that wouldn't be fair to not share a good food place. Check out the eggplant fries, they are amazing. Entree was delicious. I had the combo of spicy chicken and vegetarian dish. We ended the meal with a great rice pudding. Prices are reasonable and staff and owners couldn't be friendlier. Check it out you won't be disappointed.
Delicious food and excellent service. I was very impressed by how nicely appointed the restaurant is even though it doesn't look like much from the outside. My group shared the appetizer sampler "trip to the middle east" and I had the special rice bowl with gyro meat. Both were excellent. At the end of the meal, we enjoyed some homemade baklava and amazing rice pudding. I would definitely come back here the next time I am in the area.
I too can't believe there are no reviews about this place!!  It's a little hard to find in the New Hartford shopping center due to a banner sign (next to the buffet place) but once you find it you won't be disappointed. I went with a party of nine and we had excellent service. Our server, Jeremy was a really down to earth genuine person. The food was fresh and flavorful. We started with several appetizers including two orders of the Trip to the Middle East, Khyar Bil-Laban, and Feta and Olives all served with warm pitas. I couldn't stop eating! For my entree I got the Shish Lahmi which was recommended by our server. It came with one skewer, rice pilaf, and salad which was perfect since I ate so much beforehand. This place is BYOB which I love. As for dessert, I couldn't stay away from the brownie sundae even though I was already so full. Our entire party split the bill and I believe it only ended up being $25 per person at most which is very reasonable for the amount of food we got. We were lucky enough to chat with the chefs/owners of the Grapevine after our meal. A very friendly and authentic couple, definitely say hi if you get the chance. Overall I was very pleased with the Grapevine and would return and recommend it!!
Can't believe no reviews on this place! Ate here with my boyfriend. Very cute, small, relaxing atmosphere. I think it's decently priced. Food tasted fresh, and I wish I ate here again before returning to California. Think I had a kibbeh wrap, and boyfriend had a gyro sandwich. Both were extremely good and we were both full. I'd like to add that if you're new to this kind of food, it doesn't hurt to ask your server about certain items on the menu. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating when I asked her about several of items on the menu.
Very nice atmosphere the instant you walk in. The menu has a great selection of specialty dishes. The food looked amazing when it came out and it was prepared perfectly. You can tell just by the presentation everything is fresh and the cook takes pride in everything he serves. It's a must try if your in the area.
We eat at lease 4 times a month.   Food, service,  people are great.  They even name a Plate after me...  Just ask for Jim's Plate....
Friendly bustling atmosphere, great staff and *very* reasonable prices. The best falafel around -- tender and not at all greasy. Also excellent spanakopita, and sauces! A few suggestions: the hummus has too much bite - too much paprika on the top -- overshadows the delicious tahini, and, as with too many restaurants IMHO, the baba's smokiness is also too strong. Will definitely go again, and recommend with enthusiasm.
There is only one way I can explain the gyros at grapevine and that is other worldly. The lamb is seasoned to perfection where you can taste every spice used and there is a hint of mint in the background. For about $10 you get the aforementioned other worldly gyro, some rice, and a salad with amazing dressing. Easily the most satisfying $10 I have ever spent.
I have been to the Grapevine several times, and each time, the food was delicious. It has a very family-like atmosphere. Our servers have always been pleasant and courteous. Food is fantastic - love their hummus and tabouli. Will definitely go back!
Went here because of the reviews, but was very disappointed.  Hard to get rice wrong, but it was pasty and so bland. No seasoning at all. Our steak wraps were seasoned well but the meat was tough. And salad should have dressing mixed in before plating. There was a huge lump of seasoning on top of salad. Trying to mix it in with a fork did not work well. I think we're done with this place. Wish it had been better:(
