Everything was delicious and affordable. Waitress was attentive and the ambience is cozy. Tabouli was to die for. Portions are large. We were too full for dessert. Delicious lamb. Very glad we found this option amount the sea of chain restaurants in the area.
I do not know why it took me so long to write this review, considering I first tried and fell in love with The Phoenician in 2003, but I'm here now and ready to spill my heart out. I grew up in New Hartford, NY and I have the fondest memories of many a family meal at the Phoenician over the years. The atmosphere in The Phonecian is warm and inviting. It's a relatively modest space, but that is part of what makes it so relaxing and enjoyable to eat there. While one can definitely order (and savor) standard mediterranean fare at The Phoenician, my favorite item on the menu is the rolled grape leaves. It was The Phoenician who helped me learn, back in 2003, that stuffed grape leaves are my favorite food on the PLANET. My Mom used to order 40-50 grape leaves for take out during finals time, so I could just run to our kitchen and grab half a dozen as a study snack. My love for The Phoenician's grape leaves is so intense that even after my family moved to Houston, TX, I asked my Mom to order 3 dozen and bring them back to Texas with her when once flew back to New Hartford on business.  She did. Packed them in a Pyrex cooler in her carry on. We feasted like kings for days. I visited upstate NY this past summer and of course went to The Phoenician to relive my childhood through those tangy little rolls. The food was excellent, just as I had remembered. Since my time in New Hartford, life has taken me to many different cities across the South, Midwest, Northeast, and the west coast. Everywhere I go I scour Yelp/Urbanspoon/Zagat/Fearless Critic trying to find a restaurant that serves stuffed grape leaves that are even 1/2 as good as the ones served at The Phoenician. I have tried hundreds of different stuffed grape leaves across the country and have yet to find some that are as expertly prepared and seasoned as what's served at The Phoenician. The Phoenician gets five stars from me because even 10 years later I am still impressed with the high quality of their food.
Food is excellent, but they are slow in bringing it out.
A local treasure!!  I grew up in the area and The Phoenician has long been one of my family's very favorite restaurants.  I visited again last week and happily found the excellent food and atmosphere haven't changed a bit in over 20 years.  Their grape leaves and kibbeh are unique and both still my favorite versions of these foods -- I've not found anything quite like the way Phoenician makes grape leaves in the many, many other restaurants I've tried around the world.
I am a huge fan of The Phoenician; it is definitely my favorite restaurant in the area. There is nothing here that isn't absolutely delicious.  My favorite items are their grape leaves, stuffed cabbage leaves, and any of their kabobs.  They do offer a lunch buffet which has a great selection of their popular items.  End your lunch/dinner with some Arabic coffee (I like it sweet).  This place is a must try- you cannot go wrong with anything you order.
Tried this place a while back, and l am just now getting around to writing a review. I went here with the family and service and food were great for reasonable prices. It is a welcome change to Utica's Italian, Italian, and more Italian restaurants.
Overall a great meal.  As mentioned in other reviews, the service is slow and a bit inattentive, but very pleasant.  Just don't be in a rush when you go.  The food was amazing.  While I have had better falafel, it was still good.  The hummus is fantastic and the lamb is some of the best I've ever had.
It's easy to drive past the Phoenician and not give it a second look, as it's located in an old house. What kind of a restaurant is in a house, right? A totally awesome one, that's what! *cue air guitar* We went for the lunch buffet and were pleasantly surprised, being the type of people that think that only large metro areas can have good "ethnic" (meaning non-American) foods. At least I admit it. Besides, I'm not a food snob. My BEST friend is a burrito truck. The buffet was full of several different, delicious Mediterranean foods, including hummus, falafel, tabbouleh, kebab-type meats, tzatziki, and dolmas. I only found two things not prepared to my liking: the falafel and the little ground lamb patties. The falafel was cold, dense, and chewy. I was assured by my sister that this was not usually the case, and that the falafel is usually very good here. So I take her word for it that it was just a fluke. The little lamb patties were overcooked and chewy. Overall, I was very impressed with the food. The quality was very good, and a lot of care went in to the preparation. Ah, and now for dessert. *cue climactic air guitar* There were many yummy choices, but my husband and I ended up trying the halva and the baklava. I approached the halva with much trepidation, based on an experience with store-bought halva several years back that ended in copious vomiting. But in place of the vomiting, this halva offered an amazing light-textured, nutty sweetness and a pleasant mouth feel. We all make sacrifices. The baklava was also delicious and generous in size. And the best part was that they were priced in the $1.50 to $2 range. It's hard to find that good of a deal nowadays. Our server was very friendly, and extremely efficient. I really hope the Phoenician can stand the test of time and keep delighting its patrons with air guitar-worthy food for many years to come.
Even though I was there for lunch, I opted not to go with the buffet because the spread didn't look that appetizing to me and it didn't include any lamb dishes (just chicken), which I was craving. So I ordered a two-kebab plate -- one Lamb Shish Kebab (not marinated) and one Lamb Shwarma Kebab (marinated), which they let you do even though it's not listed like that on the menu.  Both kebabs were delicious, tender, and juicy, though I preferred the marinated one as it was more flavorful.  The kebab plate also comes with rice and a refreshing little salad with a generous helping of feta cheese crumbles. Service was friendly in the style of a small-town diner like you see in the movies, although there appeared to only be two servers for the entire restaurant, which could be a problem during peak lunch hours. The only down-side is that the pita bread that comes in the basket is not warm.  But even so, I can't wait to go back to The Phoenician for lamb kebabs if I'm ever in the area again!
This restaurant came up when i searched vegetarian but the options are limited despite being labeled as such. The quality of the food and the price really redeem this restaurant. Unless i find something else, i will be back. The service leaves something to be desired and the wine-by-the-glass selection is small.
We ordered take-out for 8 people.  The dishes included lamb, chicken, pork and beef kabobs with accompanying Greek salads.  Falafel, rolled grapes leaves, and stuffed cabbage were also ordered.  We liked the food but everyone thought it was a bit dry. There were no accompanying sauces like a cucumber/yogurt sauce to dip things into. The pita bread was also missing the hummus.  Maybe they forgot to put it in the bags when we picked up this large order??  It only took half an hour to pick up our order and the price was reasonable--$125.00.
This restaurant is small, cozy, and awesome! This is my first time eating Phoenician food and I gotta tell ya...it is delicious!
I've got to echo the other reviews when I say that this place is outstanding!  Walk inside and have a meal.. it's hard to believe you're in Utica.  ;-) As for appetizers, their tabouleh and hummus are phenomenal.  For the entree, go for the chicken or the lamb.  Both are sure to please.  Whenever I drive by, I crave their chicken pita!  Desserts are also solid. Check this place out.  You won't be disappointed!  :-D
I could eat their chicken, hummus and pita for a week straight and be a happy camper. I look forward to getting events catered by them so that I can get some left overs to take home.
Surprising find in an inconspicuous spot, with some very authentic Lebanese specialties!  We were looking for a little dinner, so ordered a sampling of a wide variety of appetizers and salads.  Everything we had was good, but the standouts were the grape leaves, the baba ganoush, and the falafel (which actually was a bit "fried" tasting for me- as in, definitely tasted like it was made at the end of a day of frying-but it was crunchy on the outside and tender inside, and tasty) We skipped desserts, mostly because Lebanese desserts tend to have too much rose water for my taste (though of course, we don't actually know if theirs do!)
Went to The Phoenician Restaurant for lunch based on reviews from Yelp, and was not disappointed.  The buffet has a more than adequate variety of options, all of which were refreshed continously.  The tabouleh was outstanding.  I make hummus at home and I think theirs could have used a little more 'personality' - a little too pasty, there was no parsley and not enough garlic for my taste.  Seemed 'processed', not homemade.  Also, they should definitely warm the pitas. All in all, this is a very reasonably priced option for a nice buffet lunch, and I will return.  Would give it 3.5 stars.
Best local Mediterranean food you can find. I believe they keep Halal, which makes their meat taste more tender than that of Symeon's (these may have been fightin' words, but whatever). The spices they use keep everything tasting authentic, and the atmosphere is very calm.
Ahh, The Phoenician... our first visit will not be our last. Our friendly and long-suffering waitress didn't blink an eye when our fourtop ordered just water, in fact she brought us first a carafe and then 2 pitchers of ice water. She was attentive even when the dining room started to fill, and chatty but not overbearing. The mixed platters for four yielded food enough for six. Four appetizers of our choice, 4 skewers of kebab, salad, rice pilaf, stuffed grape leaves, stuffed cabbage, spinach pie, kibbeh, and a very, very generous basket of bread all for around $15 per person. I did think the kibbeh (fried lamb and bulgur patty) was very dry, but I've never had it before, perhaps that is how it is supposed to be. The falafel, however, were scrumptious! Crispy, not greasy, and perfectly spiced. I'm trying not to over-exclaim, but it's really difficult when everything we ate was so stinking good! At this point we had eaten far more than was good for us, but were certainly not going to skip dessert. The desserts are ridiculously inexpensive, all under $2. The baklava was superb, but for the love of all that is good, you must try the halvah!  Warm, honey sweet, light, crumbly, packed with pistachio-y goodness, mm, mm, mmm!  Sweet, spiced Turkish coffee rounded out an outstanding meal. Try it, you'll like it!
An excellent lunchtime buffet makes this Lebanese restaurant a great choice for those of us not so adept at finding our away around Lebanese food.  My son, who lives in Chicago, said the ganouch was about the best.  Never thought a whole lot about ganouch before because I had no idea what the hell it was.  It is actually smushed up eggplant that presents as a pasty cream like sauce.  Whatever, if he likes such a restaurant it has to be good. Best,  Terry
Got the Lamb and Okra special.  Loved this.  It came with a rice pilaf and a salad, with very tasty salad dressing.  I'm dumb for not trying any hummus or Babganoush, as the pitas they give were wasted.  I would have to try this spot again to give it 5 stars.  Was there on a Wednesday and 100% should have tried the buffet for a sampling of all they had to offer.  Wednesdays are the only day they do buffet for dinner.  You'd be crazy if you live near here and go to McDonald's for lunch because the lunch buffet is every day and is so much healthier.  Note to self, never try Middle Eastern food and pair it with Utica Club beer... results are not desireable.
I was in the area visiting family and met up with my father for lunch.  When I used to live in the area I ate at the Phoenician on a weekly basis.  For some reason the buffet was not up at lunch time.  Their service has always been hit or miss, but during this meal the waitress was really terrible.  The girl who waited on us has been there for years so I would think she would have it together a little bit more.  The service was slow, the waitress was miserable, and all the while the place was empty save for us and another table.  The tabouli was very good, the hummus and baba ghanouj were alright, and the grape leaves were satisfactory.  The falafel was pretty mediocre...not very flavorful, just fried blandness.  All in all, the meal was ok but definitely not as good as I remember.
Sad to say, spending more time in Utica these days because of my partners job.  Haven't found any restaurants to love yet. At the Phoenician, really enjoyed the apps... Tabouleh, Greek cheese... But the meats and main dishes seemed stale and very tired.  I will go back for the tabouleh!
Don't miss an opportunity to eat at this wonderful family owned restaurant.  The lunch buffet is an incredibly healthful and tasty bargain for one's money.  The staff are friendly and there is ample parking and places to sit and enjoy your meal in a friendly atmosphere.  The buffet offers falafel, kibby, tabouli, chicken, humus, soups, rice, grape leaves, and many other delicious Middle Eastern style foods.  It is very close to Karam's bakery, too.  Incomparable Lebanese cuisine at its best!
stopped in for lunch - very good food. hummas - falafel - and kebobs are very good. tabouli also very good. services was great. love this place. lady who sat next to us told us that wednesday nights they go all out....music..etc... very good middle eastern food...
Amazing food and tremendous service. The baba ganoush was specially awesome. The entrees, were even more wonderful. though being a vegetarian i did not have many options, the vegetarian platter was quite decent. The baklava that I had for dessert reminded me of a place that is famous for baklavas in new jersey. Amazing dining experience. Totally recommend it.
Very good food given the lack of good restaurants in his area. Lamb is great. Prices are a bit steep though.
I love this place!  They serve the best Lebanese food you're likely to get anywhere.  Everything is prepared from scratch; the meats are all fresh, never frozen, hand trimmed & lean.  Their diverse menu also has plenty of choices for the hungry Vegetarian  The owner, George Karam, is a fanatic about quality & the wait staff is energetic, friendly & very helpful in explaining any menu items that the patron might not understand.
This is as close you to eating in a Lebanesse families kitchen as you can get. Every thing is home made by the Karam's fresh. My sugestion would be  the Lamb and Raw Kibbie, but any thing you get you will love. If your not a fan of Arabic food..... what the hell is wrong with you
This place is fantastic!! We went there for lunch and the food was delicious and plenty. Great meat selection as well as vegetarian options. The owner and staff are very friendly. We had the baklava desert with the Arabic coffee and it was incredible! Love this place, will definitely go back.
Good buffet!  Gets busy for lunch. A lot of space. Parking lot is a little small. Cost is very reasonable. Staff is usually friendly, easy going.
Love this place! All of the positive reviews are dead on! The pita bread when fresh from the oven is fantastic. Everything fresh and delicious. I eat at the lunch buffet which is always quickly replenished due to the turnover! Can't wait to head back.
My husband and I stopped here on a Friday night.  Service was incredibly slow and not incredibly friendly. I'm glad they brought out a bowl of pita bread because that held us over while we waited for our meals. It was hard to even get a water refill. The hummus was incredibly bland and the falafel was very dry. My husband ordered a chicken dish and said it was okay, but not something he would order again. I don't know if we just caught them on a bad night but I don't think we will be trying it again any time soon.
This is 4 stars for a lunch buffet.  The all you can eat buffet is under $10.  You get three types of meat, really good falafel, some of the best stuffed grape leaves I've had, veggies, and an assortment of salad, taboule, hummus, etc.  Not sure what more you can ask for... abundant east mediterranean food at a reasonable price.  you will leave full if you like this type of food.
