The Chesterfield will not disappoint! Old world charm but new world sensibility. The service is wonderful and there's no bad choices in the menu I recommend the Greens morelle as a appetizer.  I had the chicken Salvatore and it was very good. Lots of flavors! The coal oven  pizza looks great and could be a nice appetizer for  a table of 4 or more.
Food was amazing and the service was great  it was a nice surprise while visiting the cousins. The greens appetizer is so good! The chicken riggies were phenomenal! We look forward to going again next time we are in town. I would recommend it to even the most discerning Italian fan.
Dined here around 6:30 on Saturday evening, April 26, 2014.  We were quickly seated in the room to the right, just inside the main entrance.  My draft beer was crisp and fresh and served promptly.  The bread basket came quickly and was warm and delicious.  Sorry to say my soup and EVERY entree was served tepid, at best.  The meatballs were rather pedestrian.  The chicken with chorizo was delish, but no potato, pasta or risotto!   My steak tasted good and the veggies were yummy.  However, all was just luke warm.  We know better than to let food be heated up!  Unfortunately, the restaurant does not serve decaf tea and NO Italian cheese cake!  We passed and prematurely left.   Regarding the cold food, I'm not sure if the fault was with the kitchen or the server.  We are not from Utica so we were definitely disappointed with our experience, especially considering the rave reviews given in Yelp.  Don't know if there ever will be another opportunity.
Come on a Sunday and you will have the best meal in town. The Greens are amazing and the 16" Mediterranean pizza brick oven pizza off the new pizza menu is off the hook. BEST THIN CRUST PIZZA outside of NYC around if you like it nice and thin. I even eat the edges and I usually don't! The 15 dollar Pinot Grigio is a bargain and not bad.  Split among three ladies, it's a perfect day to spend a Sunday evening on the patio (yay outdoor space!). Our server usually is an energetic and personable young woman who is fantastic and fun. However, we have come other days and not sure if it's a different chef but the same pizza is not spiced the same or as tasty, the pasta wasn't cooked (and I love it perfectly al dente)--including the portion they sent out after, the salmon came out well done when I asked for medium rare, and the greens portion was smaller. All bummers. Especially knowing what it could be. Friends had the chicken parm and riggies, I think and loved it. So consistency is lacking--therefore four and not five stars. That being said, I'm so happy they are around and it's the only Italian place I've really liked around here--and there are many to choose from in the area. I don't even like to go out for Italian generally because I think they are usually mediocre and rely too much on cheese and meat for flavor. Definitely make this a stop on Sundays!
This historic East Utica restaurant is hands down one of the best in town. I haven't been here in years and was excited to meet my Dad for dinner. They are renovating so please excuse the little mess, but that shouldn't stop you from heading in.   Ordered Utica Greens & Chicken Rigges. PERFECTO! Portions are large enough to share, but I don't know why you wouldn't want to keep it all for yourself.  Dad ordered the tuna steak, and my guy got the vodka penne. Everything was excellent including the service. Prices are moderate, and actually for the amount of food you get its' pretty right on. Can't wait to come home again so I can enjoy this fine food again.
First off, the food was great. We had the Eggplant Parm, Chicken Riggies, and Greens. Everything was fantastic, big portions, and reasonably priced. The reason for just 3 stars is the service. As we entered the restaurant we were greeted by stares and whispers from the bartender, and the few twenty-something girls at the bar. Certainly not a welcoming first step into the restaurant, as we stood there awkwardly waiting for our table. Thankfully we were quickly seated. Our waiter appeared to be either overwhelmed, or perhaps flustered at the semi-full dining room, coming to our table multiple times, apologizing for the wait (there wasn't one) and pushing us for our order. I asked about the specials, and was flatly told "We don't have specials". A few minutes later, we heard him offer the daily specials to a nearby table. I could see if he simply forgot to mention it, but to be asked, and to tell me no? That's just rude.
Sorry - this used to be a great place. New owner / management and it has gone down hill drastically. I have been here many times over the years as well as friends / coworkers - we all used to recommend - sorry no more. Will not return and locals even don't recommend anymore.
Evidently, this is the birthplace of Utica Greens, and the greens were spectacular!
Really loved it. On the road passing through Utica and came on the Yelp recommendations. They are spot on. Friendly, helpful, responsive wait staff. Loved the chicken riggies and excellent thin crust pizza. Complementary chocolate wine was a real nice touch. We'll be back next time we're in Utica.
Good solid East Utica food... I have eaten here several times and while you may not be disappointed in the food you will NOT be blown away either.
This is one of the best restaurants I have EVER EATEN at....... WOWOWOWOWOWOW - try the sea bass
Had dinner here with a business colleague. We both had fish dishes with risotto and both meals were excellent. Service was fine. The chocolate cheesecake I had for dessert was just so- so. A very good value for your food dollar.
Great place for dinner.  Lunch served only on certain days.  Food is delicious.  Chicken Riggies are cooked to perfection, and could be a bit spicy.  If you don't want the spicy, request your riggies without crushed pepper.  Great Utica greens.  Big portions.  Restaurant has small bar and lighting is very dim.  Good place for casual dinner. Sufficient parking.
Went there as a second choice because our original choice was booked. Definetely not second rate. The menu was diverse and not the same old cookie cutter italian (e.i. chicken alfredo, lasagna, ziti, etc). It was full of full of wonderful tuscan-esque type food. Everything we tried was perfect. The pizza appetizer, special of the day, fresh dough that was perfectly crispy on the outside while still soft and chewy on the inside topped with bleu cheese, arugula, walnut, grapes, and a balsamic glaze. So yummy I could of stopped there, but I didn't. We also tried the steak morelle. The steak was cooked perfect, and was juicy and tender. Served with a side of Utica greens. Also, had the chicken Salvatore. What a treat, nicely cooked and not dry covered with delicousness. That night the chicken was served with side of risotto that was flavorful and not mushy, yay! My only regret was not ordering the Chicken Riggies, another Utica speciality, that based on the amazingness of the greens (escarole sautéed with prosciutto, hot peppers and cheese) is bound to not disappoint.
Food is very good. Service is very good. They used to have fantastic lunches:  very good food that was very inexpensive. Expensive, nice place for dinner. Kind of fancy. A nice place.
Chesterfield is a great Italian restaurant in East Utica.The food is delicious and even verges on the "gourmet".  They serve your basic pasta dishes too, but offerings like Butternut Squash Ravioli bring it up a level from the usual Utica fare.  The atmosphere for dinner is a little dark and cozy, with candles, etc.  They are happy to have families, singles and romantic couples.  There is a smallish bar with new outdoor service (in nice weather).
This restaurant is great, even compared to the hefty competition in Italian Utica, NY.  The appetizers on the menu were appealing! The hot peppers stuffed with prosciutto and gorgonzola might have been one of the greatest apps of all time!  I also had the meatball app and of course the Utica Greens, which were very tasty.  They have local beers on tap and good bread.  The service is professional and prompt.  For dinner, I had the veal saltimbocca which was very tender and delicious.  No complaints about this place at all.
Very good. We had lunch on a weekday in August. Outside seating on the front porch was pleasant. Lunch is a bargain here. Look for "lunch platters" for $6.99 with garlic bread. I enjoyed a 4oz grilled salmon with house homefries and a bluecheese salad of field greens. Delicious. I'll go back!
