What a great experience! Had the delicious long hots as an appetizer.  Homemade Balsamic and blue cheese on my salad.  Chicken ambassador as my meal.  Everything was so good.   Andrew, our server, was quick and knowledgable without being pushy.  The owner held the door for us on the way in, sat us by the fireplace,  checked in with us at the end of our meal, and offered us an after dinner drink because he knew it was our first time here. So impressed.  It's the little things that make the difference.  We will definitely be back
I've gone here 3 times now and all 3 times I've ordered the same dish. I love the way they make their Chicken Saltimbocca. It melts in your mouth. You also get a great salad with your meal. This is a very clean restaurant. The waitstaff is great and they make you feel comfortable. The owner comes out and makes sure you had a good time. He's even tried to buy me a drink a few times. The only thing I DON'T like is that you have to pay for refills on the sodas.
Food was delicious! Staff was very friendly. Prices reasonable. I had the Scallops Grand Marnier - excellent! My husband had the chicken parmigiana - he said it was delicious! We will be back!
Went here on New Year's Eve and it was awful. They shoved my group in a corner, giving us no space. The food was awful and over priced. The chicken, rather than being broiled was BOILED and therefore extremely chewy. Lastly, we ordered greens as an appetizer and found a locust ( like a grass hopper) in the dish. The owner wouldn't even come out to apologize. Very disappointed. Only positive was the wait staff was very nice.
Absolutely fantastic. Great food. Great atmosphere. Staff and owner are very attentive to customers. Do not miss this place if you are in Utica.
This is the old "Alpine" restaurant. It's kept pretty much the same feel. I got vodka tortellini, very good. Definitely worth a visit.
won the meatball madness area wide contest today 3/2/2014. that should say a lot to anyone looking for good food in Utica
Fabulous meal. Excellent service. Friendly staff and management. Even some live dinner music
the best restaraunt in the area. have a very good atmosphere, excellent food.
