Go here every time I am in town. Love it!
What can I say about Joe's pizza? Their light and crispy crust made from scratch with their sauce always made fresh daily making them one of the best pizza joint in the area. Not your ordinary slice of pizza, Joe's makes their pies with the sauce on top an cheese on the bottom giving it a unconventional twist that I swear will blow you away. Joe's wings are also just as good as their pizzas. Their wings are humongous and amazingly delicious especially their everything wings. Make sure when you order to ask to make them extra crispy because they taste 10x better that way. Overall, Joe's pizza is one best pizza joint I've had. They price are very reasonable which is also a plus.
Oh, Joe's!  I was around when you burned down in the 80s.  We cried for hours.  We rejoiced when you rebuilt your business and began making pizzas again. Not the best pizza I've ever had, but it's good enough for me to keep going back.  For some reason, knowing that Joe's Pizza is nearby makes me feel safe.  Whitesboro will always keep on tickin' as long as we have Joe's.  ;-)
I am a local resident. joe pizza is up there with the best and is always on my list for pizza Always. Do yourself  a favor, do the research, joes pizza has been around for a long time, there is a reason for that. The Mohawk valley has many great pizzerias  if the pizza isn't good the business will not stay open. I have order from here many times and over and over again the pizza is consistently good that what's keeps me coming back.
The best backwards pizza. Sauce to cheese ratio perfect.  Crust is light and crispy.  Simply amazing and worth a stop whenever I come home to visit my family!
Hands down the best pizza in the US. I wish we had a place like joes in CA. Their pizza is what I miss most about living in the Utica area (riggies are a close second)
not the 'best pizza in the world' c'mon!  much like the beer world and the trend to higher end beers, there are some artisans putting out some high end pies, Joe's ain't one of them. BUT, having said that, it is unique, great sauce on top of the cheese and mushrooms. I always thought it combined the best of pizza and tomato pie (if you don't know what that is, add it to your bucket list just behind utica greens and chicken riggies). Not a huge menu but who cares. When I'm in the Utica area, home to too many good pizzas to count, Joe's is my pick. Price is great, people nice. Not really a place to eat AT, but they have a couple tables if you need to.
This is the best pizza in the world.  How I wish I could get quality like this in the islands.  The sauce is tangy yet mild.  Occasionally you get a rogue bay leaf in the sauce, which is fine.  They use pre-baked shells, which are crispy and light, and not too over-filling, and never greasy.  The cheese is generously given and so delicious.  The sausage pizza with the home-made sausage pressed over the entire pizza is fantastic as well.  When I'm in the area I usually buy at least five at a time.  The prices are still great and the location is convenient.  A superb restaurant with the best pizza.
great pizza friendly service
I started going here when it opened in1964.  I thought it was the best pizza I had ever tasted then, and I still do now.  The #8 (sausage) with double cheese is the go to pizza and it never let's me down.  No matter where you have tried pizza before, don't pass this one by.  The wings are great too.  There's nothing fancy about the place, but the pizza is 5-star all the way.
I love Joe's!  The best staff anywhere.  Really good pizza.
Best pizza I've ever had. My parents always know to order it whenever I come home to visit. Nothing will top this pizza, anywhere.
