Overall it is good. Good prices on beer and food.
Central NYers are very particular about their food. Like many, I love Cavallo's wings; they are consistent, always crunchy, never greasy, and come with excellent blue cheese. I had the Cavallo's greens for the first time too -- they are now my favorite greens!
Walked in as part of a group of seventeen with no reservation after a family wake this past Tuesday night.  They could not have been more gracious and friendly.  We wound up taking over a whole section of high tops in the bar and ordering pizza and wings, with several "real" entrees scattered in there. The pizza was good, but I've had better in Bergen County and Manhattan in my usual haunts.  The wings, however, were top-notch.  We ordered an assortment:  hot, medium, honey mustard, and garlic butter.  Grab a beer, order the wings, and enjoy the friendly service.  We were a three-generation group and a good time was had by all. I found the restroom facilities perfectly fine, clean and well-stocked.  The service was terrific, very professional and unflustered by getting "bombed" by our group.  Interestingly enough, no service charge was added to our check.  This would never have happened back home.  We were happy to tip well and head back to our hotel. I'll be back on future family visits!
This is a great place, far and away the best wings in town. Since leaving the area after college, I try and get up there once a year.   Never really ordered anything else but Wings, but I never heard any complaints from people.
Delicious homemade Italian food. The service has always been above standard. We have found all our servers to be timely and attentive. We've never had a problem with any of the food. I especially love the pizza with Deli sliced pepperonis! No complaints here...This is a great place to go for a wonderful family meal.
I love coming here on wing night and getting EVERYTHING WINGS! They're absolutely delicious. Our server is always attentive and very friendly. In the summer their outdoor deck is open. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and best wings in town!
Food is great if your dog is At your side.  Dry over cooked wings, filthy carpet.  A place still clinging to its 80s reputation.
I used to love this place. Not anymore. I had been told that they had gone downhill in quality lately, but I didn't want to believe it. We waited for 50 minutes to get our meals. I know it was Friday night, but we ordered simple dishes (fried shrimp for instance), and other tables around us ordered, were served, and ate in the time it took for us to get our dinners. I had grilled chicken that was tough and dry, with cold fries. My boyfriend had shrimp FULL of grease. Our other friend we went out with had the chicken parm, which she said was disgusting. In short, I am never going back. And I'm telling everyone I know to never go there.
Very good. Great pizza and wings. Clams were good too. Can't wait to try more of the menu. Great service even when the place was packed!
It's hard to go much higher for a place that boasts taco salad in a hard taco shell.  The food was a bit better than marginal.  But I don't think I'd be particularly heartwarmed by a tour of the kitchen.  Any place where the menu has at least 5,000 items must employ necromancy with the microwave and freezer that I'd as soon not know about. The teenage staff is about as nice as teenage staff can be.  And when you simply have to have some riggies, that can be important.   All the same, "oily" and "heavy" are better than "bad," but not as good as "fresh" or "good."
Not very good at all.  Two of us had the ribeye sandwich special, and it was all fat and gristle.  Neither of us ate more than half.   The wings were simply overcooked.  Their skin was hard as a rock.  The sauce was good though.  BUT, you cannot split sauces!  Even with an order of 20.  They actually charge you for two orders of 10.  Crazy!! Even worse, there are no refills on soda!!!  I can't even remember a place that did not give free soda refills.  (even though we drank beer, this rule was clearly placed on the menu) And more....you cannot use a credit card after 10 pm.  What is that??   All these "rules" lead me the believe the owner is a cheapskate.  They have a sauce called "everything" which is not bad, but it is clearly another cost cutting move.  They also use instant mashed potatoes.  Not cool. Finally, the live music was just horrible.  Our table of five was hoping he we take more breaks than he did.  It was cute that he allowed some kids to play with him, but the covers were like listening to someone play Rock Band on a PS3.  The music over the sound system was far more enjoyable. I can see how this can be a fun place to hang out if you are a college kid, but the food was just bad. One star for the sauce.
Ah, Cavallo's. A two minute walk from my former place of employment, it was a frequent stop at 4pm for a quick cold one or two. For that, this place is great. The happy hour crowd isn't big, but the bartenders are friendly and it's a nice place to go and have a drink. They frequently have great deals on steamed clams and their chicken wings are some of the best in the area. Outside of those two items, though, the food leaves a lot to be desired. The menu is huge, for sure, but a lot of it leaves you feeling like it was something that was just unfrozen and thrown in the microwave. It's never a place I go for dinner, unless I just feel like a cold beer and chicken wings. They have a cigar bar which is one of the only of its kind in the area. However, the last time I was in there, they didn't have the best control over the ventilation and it was a fog in there. I realize it's a cigar bar, but good ventilation can certainly make it semi-pleasant even for non-smokers. They have an open deck during the summer which has closed windows and heaters during the winter; a great use of the space, but as far as the nightlife goes, it seems to be nothing more than 30-something New Hartford snobs. Definitely not my crowd where people seem to think they are so much more important than what reality tells us. It's nice to have a place so close to work to grab a beer and chatter with friendly bartenders after a long day of work. That's about where I would end my recommendation. With so much offered, they score on so little.
When I lived in Utica this was the place to go on Tuesdays. Their wings are the best I've ever tried, and on Tuesdays they are very cheap too. I loved going here with my friends to eat wings and hang out at the cigar bar.
Alfredo sauce from a packet, maybe Knorr from a food service cardboard can, either way they should be ashamed to call themselves an Italian restaurant.  Meatballs that my son had were mush.  My wife's medium rare steak was well and charred.  My second son's grilled cheese was burnt and if the wings we ordered as an app had came out as such that would have been the best part of the experience. The service was slow for a less than half full restaurant (restaurant  is pushing it) and three servers on. The bathroom was what I would expect from a dive bar. This a bar with food not a restaurant with drinks.  If you pass through Utica avoid Tom Cavallo's.
Pretty good food. Usually good service. I love the wings. Decent place all around. Will return.
I'm shocked that no one in the Utica area has reviewed Cavallo's yet.  For those no longer living in the area that are home to visit and locals alike, Cavallo's is a staple of evening hangouts in the Utica area.  It definitely has a "hometown" feel, where a lot of folks know one another.  Discount wing night is a popular occasion.  Many folks also hang out on weekends until late when the DJs arrive and the dancing starts.  The food is average American/Italian fare.  Most go for the atmosphere and for that, I'm giving it four stars.
When our waiter came, he was holding several plates of spaghetti in one hand.  I helped him by taking one of the plates and setting it down on the table.  He yelled, "Why don't you just help yourself?"  He slammed down my plate and left. Shortly after, the waiter returned with more plates of spaghetti for my two friends who had not yet received any, and he embarrassingly demanded that I hand the plates to them myself.  I was offended by this rude service, and I did not intend to tip.  However, our waiter anticipated this and added gratuity into our check even though we were a party of five.  When I got up and asked a waitress to see if she could remove the improper gratuity, my waiter came back out and claimed that I was not welcome at the restaurant anymore, as if he had the power to do that.  This was ridiculous and insulting after my service had been so thoroughly demeaning.  I contacted the restaurant numerous times, and they just ignored me as if they didn't care.
On my trip back to Utica I came back here to check out this once high school hang out ... as an adult. Well I used to love coming for the cheap wings but didn't come on wing night and as it turns out, I was told the price of wings is not much of a discount now. Well anyways now coming as an adult, I sort of realized, I don't like their beer selection (Bud, Michelob, Labatts, Molson, etc)and their food is actually so so. I mean I had some potatoe skins and they were more like soggy french fries. From what I remembered the wings were pretty good though. I would give this place 3 stars but the extra star comes from just this place being around as long as I can remember.
On our trip to New Hartford, we got some take out from Cavallo's. I am not a huge wings person but I thoroughly enjoyed their medium-hot wings. Their pizza was nothing special, but definitely a lot better than that of Tony's, also in New Hartford.
What could be better than having a few cold Stella Artois' on a warm Wednesday summer night while eating a dozen steamed clams?   We also ordered a large sausage and sweet green pepper pizza.  It's a no frills, laid back place-- and it was just what we wanted.  We hung out and drank our beers while listening to some live music on the outside deck.  Service was great.
The food here is good. They have a lot of room for a big group and a great place to have a early drink. The night seen is a bit obnoxious, and i am not a fan of there management. All and all this is a good place to get a bite to eat and share good times with friends.
