Went here last night for an opening of a few different shows.  This is not easy to find, but as mentioned by Carrie L., close to Paula's Donuts.  So go to Paula's, buy breakfast for tomorrow and look up Englewood street (direction Main Street), Martha Jackson Place can be seen from there.  Since everyone knows where Paula's is it seems, that should help.   Its an old school that was renovated (rebuilt?) into this gallery.  It was donated by Mr Anderson to UB, so they now own and run it.  There is a room dedicated to the early ceramic art collection from Annette Cravens, called Cravens World (small point of interest, this room required additional shoring up because of the weight of the plexiglass (acrylic?) structure in the middle of the room which houses many of the ceramic pieces).   You can walk around and view the pieces from all angles.  Very interesting. This space is really really nice, and its hard to imagine it was once a school.  Its open and light.   The current shows (April 2013) seem to be performance art or physical pieces (rather than paintings on a wall), and they are interesting.  One is called "Weight of Being", a series on feet and the care/damage they feel by the people they carry.  Its pretty interesting.  Another is called return policy, focusing on the relationship people have to goods.   The pieces the gallery owns or has on loan are mostly as Carrie listed, very nice when viewed together right now.  Some lesser known pieces by women in the 1940-1970 range. Since its a small gallery, its won't take you long to see it.  But come here to start working off that Paula's Donut!
Spent some time recently at the Anderson Gallery when I had time to kill while in Amherst area of Buffalo. It's a great gallery - owned by the mammoth State University of New York at Buffalo (UB) to house some of their acquisitions and donations - and doesn't even have enough space to display what they have. Had a nice, quiet visit, could spend a lot of time with the art. Much of the Anderson collection seems to be abstract expressionist with works from Francis, Appel, Bluhm, Michael Goldberg, Paul Jenkins, and many more from the David K. Anderson and Martha Jackson collections. They have a lot of other types of art as well.  Staff was great answering my inanne questions and I even hear that they have a collection of dental art (UB has one of the best and oldest dental schools in the world) donated by a dentist alumnus in Cali (not on display but there was a book showing some of the better pieces). I think they said David Anderson was a dentist, too.  But don't quote me on that.  Ok, fine, quote me. Jeez.  [UPDATE:  Did some research, and while there are several dentists named David Anderson, the one who the gallery is named for is not one of them.  Thank you, please keep reading.] It's not the easiest place to find, but worth the effort.  And it's very close to the Mecca of Sugary, fried dough that is Paula's Donuts.  Aye Carumba.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to enjoy the unveiling of Liz Rywelski's project entitled, "Return Policy."  A very interesting art concept; a study of the social contract between the consumer and the businesses we deal with on a daily basis. The concept, in her words, goes much deeper and personal than this, however, this review is more about the gallery in general than her specific work.  Liz's current production is just one of the great reasons to visit this gallery. The Anderson Art Gallery, named after David K. Anderson, is part of the University of Buffalo (UB) and acts as a venue for art education, and displaying of the works of the University and its students.  With over 2000 pieces donated by David Anderson, the gallery is filled with all types of visual arts, as well as the frequent student display. Give it a go.  This isn't Albright-Knox.  The Anderson Gallery is typically a very sterile feeling gallery at first, but warms nicely with some unique displays and spaces, including an upper floor glass atrium area where they catered appetizers and drinks for the visitors of Liz Rywelski's project.  The feeling of the gallery is very social and open as well so it is a nice break away from what one might think of as a cold and pompous art gallery.
