Always yummy!
I don't know about you...but I'm always in the mood for some good bbq...and let me tell you...this BBQ is off the chain!! It was so damn good. It was my first time there so I got the sampler to try everything and I'm glad I did because it was all awesome. I even bought a bottle of their sauce for home. I will definitely be making a trip back to this spot next time I am in the Rochester area. This place deserves a 5.
To preface this review, I lived in Texas for three years and have a high standard for barbecue joints.  Texas knows how to cook and prepare meat, and on almost every block you'll find decent barbecue.  And I can tell you right now, if you're visiting from the Midwest or South, Dinosaur is not on the same level as the high-quality barbecue restaurants that I found in Texas and that you may be accustomed to. On my last visit I ordered the pork and brisket plate.  One could easily tell the brisket had been smoked for several hours.  It was easy to cut and tender.  The same could be said for the pulled pork---a delectable mound of awesomeness that was thinly pulled, savory and smoky.  Both the pork and the brisket were on the drier side, however the custom-made Dinosaur barbecue sauce more than made up for it.  If I were to review Dinosaur based on their barbecue sauce alone, I would give them five stars.  The Sensuous Slathering sauce is near-perfect.  Mildly spicy, peppery and not overly thick, you will be hard-pressed to find anything better to pile on a thick slab of meat.  Their other sauce, the Wango Tango, has more of a citrus pineapple flavor but still a spicy finish. There are two big complaints I have about my visit.  First, the brisket was very fatty, to the point where about a quarter of the brisket slices had no meat on them.  A little fat is acceptable, but if your specialty is barbecue and there's a lot of fat on a piece of meat, it should be trimmed off.  Second, the prices are a bit expensive relative to the amount of meat you get.  The pork and brisket plate costs fifteen dollars, and I only received about four slices of brisket and a mound of pork that could easily fit inside a teacup.  Overall, I think Dinosaur is good but not great.
Downtown Rochesters bbq joint... good eats.. mac n cheese is b.o.m.b. !
Summary: Dinosaur BBQ in Rochester is one of a few Dinosaur BBQ restaurants in NY. They feature an extensive BBQ menu and offer plenty of sides and appetizers. Cost: Entrees are $15 - $30, depending on how much meat you get essentially. Taste: The reason I give Dinosaur BBQ is that I absolutely love everything about the flavors here.  I've gotten the BBQ Jerk Salmon every time, with sides of Black Beans & Rice and seasoned fries.  The salmon is so tender and perfectly spiced.  My fiancee has gotten the Ribs there as well.  We also have had the fried Catfish strips and Cherry Soda.  They offer a multitude of BBQ sauces (that you can also buy in stores, and I do) for any meal you get. I have heard that the ribs, while good, are not the absolute best, so my 5 star rating isn't based on the ribs alone, but rather the whole meal (and in my case, the salmon).  Oh yeah, the cornbread is delicious!  My favorite cornbread I think. Atmosphere: I'm not much of a people person, so the wait and crowd here is a bit intimidating.  That said, it's a comfortable feeling where everyone just loves BBQ, so it's manageable.  The waits can be long, but they have ample waiting seating.  Perfect for playing some Candy Crush! Overall: I love Dinosaur BBQ!  As others have said, the wait is long, and it's really loud.  I went with my father one day and it was difficult to hold a conversation.  However, the salmon, catfish strips, BBQ sauce, black beans, rice, and seasoned fries are fantastic.  I'm not a rib connoisseur so I'm hesitant to say it's 5 Stars for ribs, but I love it all the same.
This place has it all. I was only in the Rochester area for a short time, but somehow I ended up eating there twice. I did not regret either time. The Mac and cheese is to die for!
5 on Mac Salad and Coleslaw alone.... give me a vat of that stuff and a giant spoon.... I'll be happy for days!  Oh, you think I'm joking?  I have Dino BBQ Cater my parties just so I can get two big pans of the stuff.... No, I am not kidding.  The BBQ is good too... but it's most definitely the Mac Salad and Coleslaw I want!!!!  In fact.... I want some now!
I'm from Texas. I love this place. While the brisket isn't quite are good as you'll find in Texas hill country, the pulled pork is better. Really. This is the best barbecue I've had outside of Texas and that includes trips to North Carolina, Kansas City and Memphis where I ate their alleged best. I'm stunned. I don't know how they pulled this off but kudos to the proprietors.
We live right down the street and Dinosaur has become one of our frequent after work drink spots. I've never left unsatisfied ;)
By far the best BBQ I have ever had.  This restaurant is a must for anyone living or visiting Rochester like myself.  I make it a point to eat here every time I am in the city. I like the laid back, country atmosphere, the service is extremely attentive, the sauces one of a kind, and the platter with all of the fixins was simply mouth watering and delicious.  Make sure you go there on an empty stomach.
Large portions They did a great job making the recipes their own We had the pork ribs for two, very good The Green Tomatoes are breaded and deep fried.  They were as they were but we peeled the breading off of some and the tomatoes were really good.
Great BBQ. My girl is from Rochester NY and the first time I went there with her to visit her family we had dinner here. I heard good things about this place and all of it was right. This is the best BBQ place I ever been to. the ribs were amazing and the meat fell right off the phone. All the side dishes were great from the beans to the mac-cheese. I tried the fried green tomatoes and they were to die for. I do not have anything bad to say about this place. They smoke all the meats and the taste is unreal. The place itself is great. Very fun and just a good night out. People should travel to Rochester just to go here.
I enjoy the Dinosaur, mostly for the atmosphere - the live music, the tattooed waitresses.  Everything speaks of a dive and in a great location. The issues of course, for anyone who's ever been here, is that the wait can be excessive on weekends or when there is an event at the arena. The food is very good, but nothing special.  The pulled pork is better than the ribs which can be fatty at times despite the slow cooking.  The ribs are good, but in comparing them to others I've had that are smoked and slow cooked, I prefer my drier with rub and not with as much sauce. But having said all that, it's nice to have a place downtown where you can get a late night dinner with good selection of ales and music and enjoy.  I vascillate between a 3 and a 4 but having eatin at the Dinosaur a few dozen times over the past few years, I settled on a 4.  But all things considered, I like the sleaziness of the original Syracuse location better.
it was very busy when we went on Labor Day when it seemed the whole town was there. There was a 30 min wait and we ended up just getting take out and eating on the bench outside. Portions seemed to be on the small side. Had the Texas brisket and prime rib, having just come back from Texas and having authentic bbq there, I can't give it a 5.. but I would still recommend it.
Well worth the wait! Come hungry, and leave with a full belly. Large portions, and the sauce is outta this world. After having been to the Syracuse and Troy locations, I would say this one is the best, albeit you have the longest wait. Ribs are great, mac and cheese is amazing. Whenever I go to a new BBQ place, I have to compare it to here, as this is one of the best BBQ places I have been in the US.
I grew up in Oklahoma and have eaten a lot of BBQ. I never need much of an excuse to eat some brisket or ribs.  A colleague recommended this place while I was in town for business and I must admit I was a little skeptical.  After all you don't expect to find great BBQ in upstate New York.  Fortunately I was blown away.  It was some of the best BBQ I've ever had.  Definitely worth your time
finger lickin' good
Great BBQ at a great location.  I usually visit at lunch.
Loved the BBQ Pork ribs and the Brisket was as good as it gets.
The worst place I have ever been stuck in traffic is in front of Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. Their smoke pits waft right out into the streets and leave you wishing you didn't have other dinner plans! My favorite: Tres-Hombres platter with Ribs, Brisket and Pulled Pork. Their honey corn bread melts in your mouth. I've even brought my kids in, waded through the bikers on a Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed the music and festive atmosphere.   While traveling in the south and Oklahoma/Texas I'm always disappointed by the quality of the BBQ places. Dinosaur has really spoiled me!
This past weekend, I booked the private upstairs room for a surprise birthday party for my wife.  The Dino was amazing.  The food was excellent (as it always is) and the private room was great.  However, what really stood out was the service.   There were two young men helping and I cannot remember the last time I received such good service from a restaurant.  Not only were they super friendly, they proactively looked for ways to help and make the party better.  They helped hang decorations, communicated their understanding of the schedule I provided ahead of time and then let me know that they were flexible and to just let them know if I wanted any changes.  They were very aware of food allergies and when someone asked for pulled pork without a roll, they asked if it was due to an allergy of offered to change their gloves.  When packing up the leftovers, they asked if I wanted to pack some of the leftovers up for the guests and then helped pack doggy bags for everyone.  When a couple guests arrived late, after the food was packed up, they unpacked the food and put together two plates for them.  They also took care of the cleanup and offered to help carry stuff to our car.  When my wife (the beautiful birthday girl) asked for coleslaw for her sandwich, they ran down to the kitchen and got some, even though it was not a part of our package. I should also mention that the catering director, Lindsay, was very easy to work with and accommodating when planning the party and even the hostess helped out by pretending to seat my wife and I, but instead leading us into the surprise party. If you are looked to book a private party, I highly recommend looking at the Dino.  They have a great atmosphere, the food is outstanding, the service was above and beyond, and the price was reasonable.
A+. Excellent "roadhouse style" BBQ place. Great sandwiches, burgers, ribs, wings, and more. Sides were great too, even the iced tea was phenomenal. Plenty of variety to accommodate most every palette (except perhaps Vegan)... I can't write much now because I'm in a hurry, but I highly recommend it, when in Rochester!!
4.5 Stars My boyfriend and I have already had Dinosaur BBQ in the city, a while ago, but we knew we had to try it in Rochester sometime as well. This was my first stop once I got off a bus from the city last week, so we were there around 10ish on a Friday night, and there was no wait. The interior of the restaurant does give off a biker/dive bar type vibe, but it wasn't off-putting. My boyfriend and I decided to split the sweetheart meal (a full rack of ribs, and 4 sides for about $30. We chose fries, mac & cheese, corn and their soup of the day, New England Clam Chowder). Once the food came out (rather quickly, I might add), we dived right in. The ribs are super delicious and tender, and the sides are a nice complement. We were definitely full after the meal.
This place is amazing, Had the Tres Ninos platter w/ Chili and Mac & Cheese it was to die for. The Brisket sandwhiches are great too. Awesome music, this place is a must go to.
Love this place. As a new Rochester resident since November I have been here twice so I figured let's try the competition that I have not been to but they didn't have a family menu or at least a full chicken on the menu and no real answer to me questioning why. I left and drove 5 minutes to Dino BBQ and ordered my take out family package deal with a few extras. This place gets mobbed but the saying is true: huge lines means good food. I made it home and two items were missing so I called them about the boo boo no problem I went back to get missing items after my dinner. Manager greeted me with a free Saddle Bag of Sauces and even deducted the price of the missing items. Thanks Dinosaur Bar B Que.
I moved to Rochester 3 months ago from California. I'm a huge foodie, so I've been searching for good food since I've arrived to this town. Finally, I've found a restaurant that's drool worthy! Dinosaur Bar-B-Que will leave your lips smacking and your belly happy. During my first visit, I ordered the fried tomatoes as an appetizer. Being a newbie to the dish, I was ecstatic when I discovered that they were fried to perfection. They're served with ranch dressing, which compliments the crispy and slightly tangy taste. As an entree I had the pork and brisket with beans and mashed potatoes with gravy as sides. The pulled pork and brisket were cooked very well. They were soft, didn't taste very fatty and overall scrumptious. BBQ sauce is already on meat, but there are also BBQ sauce at each table in case you want to add more. They were 4 different types of BBQ sauces when I was there. The beans were slightly sweet and thick, which made them have a little pizazz compared to store bought beans from the can. Mash potatoes and gravy were rich and also thick. The corn bread is a good carb side. It's sweet and slightly moist. My friends and I said that we wished that we could get free cornbread refills. In case you have leftovers, they give you a box to put the food in, so you can scrap every single delicious morsel off the plate! The server was nice. It took awhile for the check to come and for us to get change. Atmosphere is fun and inviting. Guest sign the walls to leave their mark. Signs and various decorations adds to the whimsical unique dinosaur murals. Overall, Atmosphere- 8/10 (I'll have to come back when a band is playing!) Service-7/10 Food-9.5/10 (price pays for the quality and quantity of the meal!)
We ordered to-go 4 hours in advance and they were 45 minutes late with it. This is the main reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5. The food was excellent! I'm from the south so I know/love bbq and I was definitely impressed. The fried green tomatoes were a little thick on the breadding but it didn't take away from the flavor and they even sprinkled cheese on top! I got the platter with pulled pork and brisket because I wanted to try both but the pork was DEFINITELY superior. The brisket was a bit dry, which is normal for brisket but some people have mastered it to where it's not as much. The flavor on both was smoky and delicious though. The mac and cheese was AWESOME, and the apple sauce was homemade. I only sampled a small portion of their menu but the stuff I had was great and the portions were big.
Only three stars because I'm from Georgia and have tasted BBQ from all over. These aren't Alabama or Memphis ribs. Not St Louis Ribs. Smokey taste felt synthetic at least they didn't taste boiled. Here is the deal. The Mac N Cheese and corn bread was amazing. Awesome. Just get that bs drink a Scotch Ale. Having said all of that it's. A great atmosphere. Solo guitar player live playing Walking in Memphis.  Great environment. Come to Georgia or Alabama or Tennessee where we smoke em for hours to get your ribs, when in Rochester enjoy the atmosphere and comfort food here.
This BBQ is amazing, I love taking my friends who are visiting here and everyone loves it. Highly recommended.
Went there for lunch today. Had a beef brisket sandwich, side of mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. The good: - pretty inexpensive - sides were tasty - lots of hot sauces to choose from (I had two different ones and they were YUMMY!) - good beer selection The bad: - the brisket was so-so, the meat itself didn't have much flavor and the fat wasn't as rendered as I would expect - not a huge deal, but they got one of my sides wrong (I didn't complain) Overall: It isn't authentic BBQ at least judging from the brisket but it was yummy. I would definitely go back.
Everyone obsesses over Dino BBQ... it's where everyone from out of town goes for ribs, pork and everything in between. I guess I'm an outlier, but I don't love Dino as much as the rest of the world. I tend to think their ribs are dry since I usually prefer my ribs overly basted with sauce. Here they're served plain and you add the sauce of your choice. While, they're not terrible, it's just not my fave spot for ribs. And, their cornbread is always dry. That kills me! However they do have some shining spots that you should consider when coming here. I think they have a great pulled pork sandwich - douse to your liking with Dino's homemade BBQ sauces (lots to choose from & they sell 'em!) - with macaroni salad or mac & cheese and fries on the side. In addition, I HIGHLY recommend you get their Wango Tango wings - these babies are the BOMB. Literally, one of the best things on their menu and Dino deserves some love for that. Crispy skin, tender meat, great size wings and messy sauce all over. Delish! The other great aspect of Dino is their music. It's loud, be prepared for that as it is a music venue, but you will have a great time. Fill your belly with wings and beer and get up to dance! Summertime is definitely my favorite time to visit Dino. It just feels right. The patio is big and open, and is right on the Genesee River.
Waited 11/2 hours to get a table otherwise would give 5 stars.  Great barbeque.  Had pulled pork and brisket.  Great smoky flavor and meat was so tender.
Ooh myy God!!! This has to be my favorite place to get food...HANDS DOWN!!! They throw down in the kitchen and it definitely shows as its hard to get a booth but last I checked you can still get take out. A must try!!!!!
Staying in the area and having stopped by again for another chance at dinner this week. I was very happy to see that my first experience might have been just an off night. I ordered the exact same meal as I had the first time around and things where much better this time. Everything tasted very good, service was great and I was much happier overall. Glad that things are better and will diffidently return again.
My first 5 stars haha. So efficient. They said waiting time 20-30 min but we only wait ...2 min. Anyways i love ribs.
Service is on point, great beer selection, brisket amazing.
After the less than satisfactory service I received the first time I was here, the manager contacted me and sent me a gift card. The second time I went, the service was FANTASTIC! I will definitely be back!
OMG- on a long fishing weekend on lake ontario,   Stumbled upon this seemingly out of place restaurant in the middle of downtown Rochester.    The smell of BBQ drew us in.   I can't recommend this place highly enough.  From the no frills atmosphere,  hometown bar feel and outstanding service staff.   I am a competitive  BBQ  participant, ,  and  was able to go into the smokehouse and talk to the pit masters. .  One of,  if not the best total dining experience I've ever had.  I wish I lived closer,  I'd be there every week begging for a job. There isn't a bad choice for your meal,  but try the combos and one of their many beers on tap from local microbreweries.
I went here on new years eve (early) and had a great time.  This was my first time at the Dinosaur BBQ in Rochester and it did not disappoint.  I was very excited to try to beef brisket and it was fantastic! This was definitely the highlight of my Dino experience. I also ordered the chicken I would rate at 4 starts - it was definitely good but not the best.  The cajun corn and corn bread were not too bad as well.  We had excellent service (at the bar) - very nice and quick with the food.  Pretty good prices for drinks as well.  Overall - I give them between 4-5 stars - I will definitely head back soon!
Whoa... Oh my. Its all delicious. All of it.
YUMM!! Dinosaur BBQ is definitely one of the best barbeque places I've been to. The sauce on and tenderness of their meat cuts are delicious. What's also great is their honey cornbread and most of their sides are just as tasty (and for their entrees, you get 2 sides). Their portions sizes are appropriately sized, though can be a little much for a smaller person. The price is proportional to the amount of meat you get, but starts at around $11ish dollars for 1/4 rack of ribs with 2 sides and cornbread (which I ordered and in my opinion was a decent amount of food - although I wasn't dying of hunger when I went either). I have been told that there is usually a longer wait when you go, but on the particular day that I went, we were able to essentially be seated right away on a Saturday during lunch hours. The servers were very nice and responsive. All in all, a great barbecue place, and definitely large party friendly as well!
Gooood burgers! I was there with my friend and we had a really good time. We had to wait in line, but it was worth it. Also it looks this place is sort of signature diners for Rochester, NY - as far as I could judge from my local friend's attitude.
Fantastic food and fast after ending a 12 hour shift. I would eat here again and again. Stealth service, great fare, good price!
For a northern BBQ joint...heck for a southern BBQ joint this place is great! I had the pulled pork and brisket combo and it was excellent. Big portions, great smoke flavor. BBQ is served dry with sauce on the side. Also being this close to Buffalo you would expect the wings to be great, and they were. Wings were done in the smoker, then sauces.
No bad. But not as good as image. I will say good smoke BBQ is much better than this！
I feel a little bad giving Dinosaur 3 stars... the food is great, but I don't think it is AS good as everyone makes it out to be. Don't get me wrong, the BBQ is much better than anything I could make at home, but I just don't think it is the best BBQ out there.
Absolutely shockingly delicious vegetarian options.  I was stunned and so very very happy.  I ordered some sort of side sampler platter where I got to choose a few sides to make myself a meal.  I ordered the black beans and rice, the mac and cheese, the fresh fruit and the cucumber salad and I had lots of leftovers and a giant smile.  I grew up in Syracuse, the home of the original location, and I avoided it my whole life thinking that I would be left grossed out and hungry.  Silly me!  I'll never again object to a barbecue lover's request to hit the place up because I know I'll be well taken care of.
the wango tango habanero sauce is awesome. cuban sandwich was also delicious. pulled pork in the sandwich was moist and very tasty. the building is an old train station and the ambience is awesome. we went for lunch during a business trip to rochester and would defintely go back.  great location right on the river  - you can smell the wood fire and the bbq from right  down the corner of the street!
Excellent food. The shrimp boil is great and the wings were fantastic. Good atmosphere and great good. What more can you ask for.
This place is great, everything about it. From the prices, to the food quality, to the food quantity, it's just amazing! If you're like me and you stuff yourself with the entrees here every time you go, make sure you make a special visit just to try out their dessert sometime. It's amazing!
Excellent!!   The ribs the wings were worth the trip.  The service was great.  This was our first visit here as we have been to Syracuse several times and it was just as good.
This place is phenomenal. There's really nothing more to be said. The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is awesome, and the service is quick and simple. There is no putzin' around here. They don't try to scam you to buy more things. They don't mess around with anything. I'm literally drooling as I write this. My family has the highest praise for Famous Dave's. After trying Dinosaur BBQ, I can assure you that every time I step foot into Famous Dave's, I cringe. This is really the best place to go for BBQ. In Rochester. In the starte of New York.  Actually...... probably in the whole world! (Just kidding about that last part) For real, check it out. You won't be dissapointed.
Nice atmosphere that you would expect at a BBQ place. They got this sort of biker clubhouse feeling in there. Although, it's mostly a 40 and over crowd of which most look like non-tattoo'd middle class types. (So the crowd isn't too intimidating.) They had live music there which you can listen to at the bar or head a little farther inside for a quiter atmosphere. I thought the option was nice. The BBQ here is pretty good. It isn't too dry if you want to eat it with little to no sauce. They have a great selection of dinosaur house sauces which were fun to try. All were quite good. Although, if you are a true fan of hot sauce, their Devil's Duel Habeñero sauce isn't ridiculously hot. I personally liked it. The prices were surprisingly reasonable even for those who are not familiar with New York state's high cost of living and ridiculous tax rates. I was full for a mere $13!
Great, great food.  Blackeyed peas were strangely my favorite!   I could have eaten a pound of those crazy things.
Great food, great selection of beers,  great service, great atmosphere.  I'm happy. I got adventurous on this visit and had a pulled pork and brisket combination platter.  (I usually only have pulled pork because it is so good.)  The pulled pork is still my favorite, but the brisket was darn good.  The macaroni salad is among the best I've had at any restaurant, but I think the salad made following the recipe in the cookbook is even better.  Also tried the poblano soup, which was nicely spicy and delicious.   Our waitress was friendly and a real sweetheart and each of the staff we interacted with helped add to a great dining experience.  Did I say this place is great?
Ribs, Mac and Cheese, Deviled Eggs. Amazing meal, some of the best BBQ, especially in the North! Sweet tea could be sweeter, but simply amazing.
Hands down the best barbecue you'll find in rochester. Great beer selection and I've never had a bad meal here. Servers always seem friendly. I just wish they took reservations for groups of people less than 6. My boyfriend and I attempted to go to dinosaur on our anniversary, but we're greeted with a 45 minute wait. granted, it was a Friday night but this is precisely why I wish there was the option for making a reservation as we both had our hearts set on dinosaur.
I'm not really a huge bbq fan, but I really do love me some Dinosaur. The pulled pork at Dino is really quite good, the brisket is spectacular, and ribs are fantastic!  What more could you ask for?  You can get similar quality pulled pork and ribs at Sticky Lips, but the brisket is so much better than at other Rochester bbq places. The number of different sauce options at Dinosaur is also impressive.  Ranging from sweet, to chipotle, to fiery hot. The wings are pretty decent (although larger and not as crispy as buffalo wings) and the sides are also pretty decent. We are lucky that this Syracuse gem has made it to Rochester.
This place is amazing! I absolutely loved it and would love to see this restaurant in Cincinnati. I had the brisket and it was the best I've ever had. The corn bread had the perfect mix of sweet + tangy. Completely recommend this place. The price, quality and ambience were completely worth it.
Fun, happening place, great atmosphere. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. A band was setting up but we left right when they were starting...too bad we did not stay becuse it looked fun! The food wasn't the best BBQ ever but it was pretty good, nothing was bad and the service was great. Waitresses were friendly and funny. I will come back when I visist Rochester again!
Not bad but not fantastic.  I had a cheese burger that came on a nice, fresh roll.  We ordered the food to go and drove back to RIT so it was kinda soggy and cold by that point -- I highly recommend eating in the restaurant instead...it probably would have been much better. The chocolate icebox pie was delicious. Others said that the pulled pork and brisket were very good.
I always stock up on their Regular and Wango Tango Spicy BBQ Sauce!!!  It's the best I've ever tasted.
We made a special trip off of I-90 into Rochester for dinner at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que based on my wife's recommendation. She has been there before, about two years ago, and has raved about it to me in the past. I must say, it was well worth the trip. We ordered the Carolina Style and the Cuban, and split them. I've only had barbeque a couple of times in my life, and this is by far the best. That wasn't really what I expected to find in the upstate New York.
Decent cue for lunch on the road.  I had the plate with pork, brisket an ribs.  It was good, not great.  What was good was whatever beer they had on the board with almost 10% alcohol in it.  One of the rare days I had alcohol with lunch, good thing the food was heavy.  I'd recommend it just for the beer.  I bought a bottle of their seasoning, too.  Its OK, but mcormicks smokehouse apple or sweet n spicy are much better.  A little too hot for most people, but good on something thick on the grill.
Being a big BBQ fan and meeting a coworker in the area I wanted the place to go for a great meal and this place was suggsted As i walked up to the place I ciuld see a huge pile of firewood being chopped for the smokers and grills.....damn good sign! Friday lunchtime and the place is jammed so its take out to the outdoor picnic tables for me I had the Brisket platter with BBQ beans and macaroni and cheese A couple of sauces on the side and cornbread and we are good The brisket is piled high on a soft hamburger style bun with a sweet sauce. I added some heat with the spicy  sauce and it was delicious. The mac n cheese is very different with a white cheese and clam shell pasta that had a tangy taste to it. The beans were smokey and saucy and soft and moist. It wasnt until 2 hours later driving on I90 on the way home that I realized i could still smell that BBQ. I totally forgot to grab a take out box for the family dinner. Worth the drive to rochester for sure and i was all grins sitting and chowing down
We came here on a Saturday around 2:30 and had about a half hour wait. We ordered fried green tomatoes to share, my bf got wings as an app, and i got a brisket slider. The tomatoes are amazing. Seriously, so good. Perfectly fried, not too overly crispy. The wings were just so-so, we wouldn't bother to order them again. The brisket slider was topped with caramelized onions and I loved it. I wish I just had a ton of them for a meal. Their pickles on the side were also good - weird to comment on, but not quite dill, not quite sweet, with a hint of heat. For a meal I had the pulled pork and ribs with mac salad and baked beans. The ribs and pork were good - but I was already kinda full from the apps :) The baked beans were just ok and I wasn't a fan of the cornbread that came on the side. The mac salad wasn't what I expected - not traditional, but with tomato and green pepper in it. I ended up not being a huge fan, but I couldn't stop eating it. Loved the crunch of the peppers in it. Overall, great meal, will definitely go back next time I'm in Rochester.
First off: the wings are truly the best thing on the menu here.* Secondly: I ordered four drinks, and it cost me $10.50.** Tres: that means three in Spanish. And it's the number of Hombres*** I got. Fourth: Come in the summer, and you'll see the nicest choppers you've ever seen parked outside.**** So to sum up, DBBQ has: A rocking atmosphere that's always fun. Good BBQ. Exceptional wings. An extensive collection of delicious beers (try the Rohrbach vanilla porter) at great prices. These are good things. __________ *Just like the Dinosaur in Harlem. **It might have been happy hour. ***Brisket, ribs and pulled pork. The latter two are good, but I could do without the brisket. ****Don't sit on a stranger's bike. It's a good way to get beaten within an inch of your life.
Absolutely best bbq in Rochester!  Really cool atmosphere, excellent beer selection bbq wings amazing.  Never been disappointed with anything on the menu .  Expect to wait any day.
"Dear God, I realize it's been some time since I have communicated with you, but I have a special request.  I would like to be reincarnated with a hinge top head and a bottomless stomach.  Oh, and I don't want it to affect my waistline.  Or my butt.  I'm willing to let it travel to my chest, though. Thank you, Michele" Holy Shit.  This place was awesome!!!  It was a triple threat:  funky joint, damn good food, and great service.  I knew I had time to kill, so I searched on Yelp (like there's really another search engine for food out there!) for restaurants that were close to the airport.  Dinosaur caught my eye; plenty of Yelpers seemed to have a high opinion of this place, and now I know why. As soon as my taxi driver pulled up, I got a cheshire cat grin on my face.  I just knew I was in for something special.  When I got out of the car and smelled the BBQ in the air, it confirmed it.   I opened the menu and wanted to order 15 things.  Chicken?  Beef?  Pork?  Dang, what's a girl to do?  Compromise, that's what.  Our server, Morgan, made my life easy when I told her I wanted to order the 1/4 rack of ribs (3-4 ribs) plate but that I also wanted a side order of pulled pork.  Morgan said that if I ordered a combo plate, it would be cheaper, so I opted to do so.  For my sides, I got the macaroni cheese and the AK chili.   While waiting for the food, I looked around and notice how packed the place was getting.  We arrived around 11:40.  By noon it was a full house.  The decor made me feel like I was in New Orleans.   I couldn't wait to dive in when the food came.  I'd been waiting since Monday afternoon to try this food!  The ribs were falling-off-the-bone tender.  The flavor was a little sweet, a little tangy.  The pulled pork was incredible.  The chili was great.  The mac cheese was so rich and creamy.   I ran 4 miles on hills when I got home, just to ease the guilt.  If you are anywhere near this area, you really owe it to yourself to stop here.
Awesome BBQ, amazing considering the location.  Having a father from the south and having tried BBQ from many different locations, having both of us like it says something about this place.  Cool atmosphere (but loud) and reasonable prices make it a great place to go.  Their takeout is quick and tasty so you can have all the yum of dinos with none of the insanity on a busy night.
Whenever the smokey scent creeps into my air conditioner duct, I immediately go insane and will do anything for a plate of ribs. Problem... The street parking at this Dinosaur is atrocious causing me to circle the block 17 times with my head out of the window, panting like a possessed dog. Parking issues are Dinosaur's wicked step brother. Just wait until the Dinosaur opens in Brooklyn two blocks away from my apt.  I'll have to park my car in New Jersey. Anyway... As a guest of Rochester, I've visited this location on a few occasions and have always left satisfied, even times when the ribs don't fall off the bone with a gust of wind. Right when you sit down just order a sampler plate; the fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs always hit the spot. The Syracuse location is so packed around the clock that you're constantly getting the freshest product, but at times you have to endure the wait of a lifetime. In Rochester, I have never waited too long for a seat, if at all.  Maybe I'm just picking the right time to go. I'm sure it gets packed on the weekends and when a big event is in town. Rochester's location on the water is also a refreshing change. Who can really pass Dinosaur up? Even though they will start becoming more commercial and turn into a family restaurant with wait buzzers, I'll still be stopping at the first scent of smokey goodness. Extra tips... Bring home a bottle of Wango Tango to make killer pulled pork in your crock pot. Just stay overnight at the HYATT and walk to Dinosaur BBQ.
good, casual vibe.  space is kinda tight (tables/privacy) but that comes with the general place. The food is tasty - their combo plates with 3-4 cuts of meat are good choices.  I liked the brisket and the pulled pork, but the ribs were alright.  Corn bread and mac-n-cheese were great.  Wings are HOT !!! My only negative would be the portion sides tend to be a bit small.
It's taken me a while to write a review for Dinosaur because, frankly, there's not much left to be said about this crown jewel of Western New York. Second only to Wegmans as Rochester's undisputed greatest food establishment ever (it would be tied for first if the Rochester Dinosaur BBQ was the original, and for those of you who think Nick Tahoe's is up there, you know you only like it for the novelty and drunk appeal), this place is already nationally renowned for the stuff it produces. I don't need to review Dinosaur to encourage people to go here. That's why I'm not going to write much about the food. I could go on for days about the glorious ribs, the melt-in-your-mouth pulled pork and brisket, the plethora of delicious sauces on every table, or the smoked and perfectly grilled chicken (seriously, who else smokes their chicken? I know a guy that tried to smoke his chicken once, but all he got was a sprained neck and a trip to the chiropractor...). I could comment on their smartly chosen beer selection, their fried green tomatoes (I know a lot of vegetarians who are willing to come here just for those), their plump drunken shrimp with BBQ cocktail sauce, their "best non-Buffalo wings I've ever had in my life" chicken wings, or their "better than my grandma's, but don't tell her" deviled eggs. I could list and comment on each and every one of their perfect sides, all but two of which I have never ordered (but have sampled plenty of times) because their beans and their chili are just that good. But I'm not going to do that. The reason is this: you can say whatever you'd like about how Dinosaur's food compares to Sticky Lips or BBQ in Kansas City, Texas, or Memphis. You can call it a pseudo chain restaurant or question how a so-called "biker bar" has so many kids and suits running around. I don't care. At the end of the day, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is more than just a place I come to fill my stomach. To me, this restaurant represents Rochester. There are very few places I can go in this world in which I know I will feel 100% secure and confident that everything will be alright and I will not have to worry about a thing. The first place is my parents' house. The second is my apartment. The third is Dinosaur. I did a lot of thinking after my last visit and I realized, out of all the times I've been here, in high school, college, and beyond, I have never once said, "This isn't what I ordered" or "This could be better." I've never had to send anything back or ask someone to refill my water. My check has never been wrong and I've never experienced diner's remorse when comparing my plate to the others at my table. I've never felt crammed into my seat and, despite the fact that it's packed all the time, I've never been bothered by the noise. In sum, I've never been disappointed here. I could make some profound closing sentence about how I can't live without it, but it's late, so I'll just say this: A world without Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is like a rack of ribs without corn bread; you don't always need it, but if it were missing, your plate would be incomplete. That kind of sucked. Anyway, I like this place. A lot.
Awesome place for tasty BBQ and live music.  Casual atmosphere that's not too loud.
Dinosaur packs it in and with good reason - they've consistently are serving up some of the most flavorful barbeque not just in Rochester but on the East Coast, and then some. My friends and I went on a Saturday afternoon at 1pm and the place was packed. We waited at the bar for around 45 minutes for a table but again the worth turned out to be worth it. I went with the traditional sampler, which consisted of chicken, ribs and brisket, and the portions were large. You order a couple of sides, like mashed potatoes or mac 'n cheese, and you are heading for a seriously good food coma. I'd recommend washing down your meal with an ice cold beer (or pitcher!). My friends and our waitress were big on the wings, will have to try them on my next trip to The Roch. Note: Their first location was I think in Syracuse, and there is a location in Harlem!
Some of the best barbecue I've ever had.  Friendly to large crowds; they started taking reservations in 2009.  All the sides are delicious, but try the apple sauce in particular!  $$
Not my favorite BBQ spot, but a place I'd go back to for sure. What stands out the most for me is the wide array of combo platters.  Any combo of any of their meats that anyone can imagine is available. It's almost overwhelming. If you go to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que not knowing what you have a taste for, and if you're at all indecisive, you'll be staring at the menu for an hour. Once you pick your meat/s, your next daunting task is to choose your sides...there are lots to choose from....nice that the soup of the day is also considered a side choice. I had a pork and brisket combo platter with mac and cheese and baked beans. Kind of my go-to BBQ meal. The brisket was a bit too fatty for my taste, but the pork was very good. Enjoyed both sides. Service was super quick, and our waitress was super nice....a welcome overload of wet wipes on all the tables (I always need at least 4 after I eat BBQ)....overall a fun little place.
Its loud, live music and some decent bbq, yeah worth it.  Not the best BBQ, but good.  People watching is pretty good here, especially the later it gets! It is hard to get a table for groups, so be aware of that!
Used to be can't-miss, now definitely hit-or-miss. I have ben going to Dino for years, starting back when Syracuse was the only non-mobile location.  Used to be, you couldn't go wrong.  Everything was delicious, from sandwiches to shrimp, and of course all of the bbq chicken, ribs, pork, and brisket.  I would spend the ride there in deep thought about what I might order. I think they have let their success make them lazy.  Had some pulled pork the other day, and it was no thrill.  Just bland and chewy, not tender and smoky like it used to be.  I can do better at home, and that's not saying a lot.  It came on a nice DiPoalo's roll with some above-average cole slaw, and was definitely edible.  However, pulled pork is definitely a dish a self-professed BBQ destination should be knocking out of the park.   The quality of the brisket has also fallen to barely above-average.  My kids ordered food that was terrible.  I know that the kids' meals are NOT what the restaurant is about, but these were inedible.   People around the table who sampled the chicken fingers noticed a peculiar taste, naming it "body odor," "toe cheese," and "mothballs."  I know, I know, chicken fingers are not the point at a BBQ joint.  But to us, it was just another sign that the management has sort of given up.   I will still go there, however, for the ribs.  They are by far the best I have ever had, and the sweetheart-ribs-for two (full rack plus four sides) is a good enough deal.  Dang, it will be a sad day if those ribs ever go south.   I plan to visit the Syracuse location to see if they're still maintaining a high standard.
This place is great.  Definitely worth hitting if you're downtown.
Be forewarned: the bottles of hot sauce do not have those plastic lids that allow only small drops to fall on your food! I made the mistake of turning the bottle over and put hot sauce all OVER my food, inadvertently. Luckily, I can handle things very hot and it didn't ruin things for me, but it's definitely something I'll keep in mind next time! Very nice staff at Dinosaur! I love the downhome feel with randomness all over the walls. The coleslaw was not what I'm used to but I really liked it. The macNcheese could've been a little fresher but it was still good. The ribs were perfectly smoked and very meaty!! A nice change from the jerky-like crap we get at home in California. I really didn't care for the brisket but the pulled pork was great! I ordered a side of ranch for my fries and it was different but yummy. This, and Wegman's, are the among the few reasons I'll return to ROC!
Fantastic!!  I enjoyed everything I ate.  Pulled pork and ribs and wings and rice and beans and cornbread. Best BBQ I have tasted in a long time.  That being said, I just moved up here from Los Angeles and there is not very good BBQ in LA.
Dinosaur is my favorite restaurant in Rochester.  I am proud to say that I have had almost everything on the menu and a few selections that are no longer offered.   I actually kinda enjoy the long wait unlike some yelpers (see every Sticky Lips review).  It gives me ample time to down a few beers before we eat.  When you are starving and nicely buzzed, nothing could be better than some Dino BBQ. The pork carolina platter with mac salad, BBQ beans and an order of wings to start is my standby.  The half rack, BBQ Reuben and Cuban are equally as amazing.  If there is a weak dish on the menu, I haven't found it.  My only criticisms regarding the food:  I'm not that impressed by the shameless shrimp and occasionally I get a few dry ribs.  I have been known to wait 2 hours outside in January for a table to open up.  It's that good. The beer list is extensive and mixed drinks are all well executed.  Arrogant Bastard on tap or a nice mojito in summer are hard to beat.  For the hangover crowd Dinosaur serves up a real nice bloody Mary, or so I hear.  Service is friendly and very fast.  If you're not already totally stuffed after dinner the desserts are fantastic.  Try the sweet potato-pecan pie.   I am not too fond of some of the recent changes, however: pop-country/classic rock instead of blues, kids menu, the absence of graffiti in the men's room, absence of graffiti in the women's room, not being allowed in the women's room anymore,  but the food is still as good as ever. In the course of writing this review I had to stop four times to wipe drool from my keyboard, it's really that good.
Finally made it to Dino for the first time ever a few months back after Bills training camp.  Best BBQ I've had in some time.  Maybe ever.  Though I'm still trying to figure out why they've yet to come to Buffalo.  Ordered the sampler platter along with the wings for the appetizer.  I was also very pleased with their draft selection.  I did not expect them to have that at all, and they helped introduce a beer snob like me to some real quality brews.  Do call ahead and make reservations or else you're never getting in there.  Overall just a tremendous experience that was well worth the trip.
let me start off by saying that my ACTUAL rating is 3.5 stars, but since so many people heap the praise on a bit thick for this place, I'm forced to go down to 3 stars on my rating. Yes, the barbecue is GOOD, but frankly, not THAT good. I also feel they are just a bit over-priced for the food they serve. Let me start by saying this: I know barbecue. My mom came from Kansas City, and while her mother was alive (lived to age 97, BTW), every summer we ended up either in KC or later, in the small town near Pittsburg, KS where she moved to. We almost always had BBQ when we took her out for dinner, and it wasn't until I was a teenager that I even knew that most BBQ was pork, not beef. Then, later in life, I spent about 8 years of my life driving a truck over-the-road for a company based in Arkansas. I've probably been to every good BBQ place between Little Rock and KC, MO. A lot of people wax poetic about the BBQ at dinosaur. From my experiences here, and at some of the best BBQ places in not only the AR-MO region, but Texas and the Carolionas as well, I would have to say that dinosaur's pork BBQ is pretty good, but their beef BBQ is only 'better than average'. I could show you 5 or 6 places just between Joplin, MO and Ft. Smith, AR that serve better BBQ, and for a better price, as well. Heck, out there a beef BBQ like this would probably put you out of business! I like what they've done to the old Lehigh Valley RR station, but those chairs they have are absolute torture to sit on! Parking around Dinosaur is a hassle, even on the best days, so we parked in one of the local garages and walked over. I guess this is such an unusual experience that the cops seemed to consider us 'suspicious' enough to stop and interrogate on our walk back to our car! Two middle-aged white guys with a doggy-bag from Dinosaur? Really?? Well, I guess some day I'll go back there, but I'm certainly not going to go out of my way to get there. Beale St. makes a pork BBQ that's just about as good, and without the problems of parking and police-rousting you get downtown. Oh, BTW, they are cheaper, and their seats are MUCH more comfortable. If you go to Dinosaur, bring a chair pad and 2 forms of ID, just to be safe....
Big ass pork plate and ribs with cajon corn is hard to beat. Plenty of beer selection. Fair price for serving size.
There are a few things I look forward to during my tri-yearly trips to Rochester (I'm from San Francisco).  Dinosaur BBQ is easily one of them.   I have loved BBQ for years, and never have I had BBQ this good.  I usually get the 2-meat combo, which has chicken and ribs.  The meat is perfectly cooked, falling from the bone (both the chicken and the ribs).  It's smoked perfectly.   It's juicy, and not overly slathered in sauce (5 different kinds of BBQ sauce are provided so you can pick your own flavor, heat, and amount). Tonie i also tried the spicy shrimp, which are served cold and in the shell; but since you're eatin' ribs anyway, who cares?  They too were delish. The sides are super tasty and wonderful.  I usually get the cajun corn, in all it's buttery spicy splendor.  Tried the special tonite, smoked chicken rice soup, which was rich and tasty.   The atmosphere is fun and while somewhat loud, I like it.  Always some cool live music going on, even on a monday.   Waitstaff have always been super nice and personable.  I love the sweet southern tea, mmmmmmm. I can never finish it all, and it's one of the few places I allow myself to overeat a bit, it's that good.   Nowhere in my hometown of San Francisco, Berkeley, or Oakland even comes close.   Perhaps it's too much to admit here, but I have wet dreams about Dino BBQ.  Oh yes.
Dino reminds me that I'm a pig at heart.  I spent a good deal of time during my summers as a kid in southern Georgia, so I've been exposed to more than my fair share of BBQ.  I think this place is a nice, solid "very good".  I like the variety of food (and always eat too much).  My favorite BBQ item is pulled/chopped pork, and it's done pretty darned well here.  Something that was a surprise to me (as I just don't normally eat it) was their BBQ chicken.  It's phenomenal.  Don't miss the Swag Sampler Plate:  shrimp, wings, fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs.
Truly some of the best BBQ in the WORLD.  Really.   There's really not much to say that hasn't already been mentioned in the 200+ reviews already written about this place.  So i'll keep it short and sticky-sweet: RIBS were amazing!  Some places SAY they have "fall-off-the-bone" ribs.  Well the meat on the ribs at the Dinosaur literally oozes right off the bone.   Baked Beans were real and spectacular!  Served hot and full of smokey, BBQ flavor. Mac-N-Cheese was good, but could've been a bit more cheesier.   My grandfather got the salmon which contained some sort of dry rub, but was tender and perfectly melded those seafood and BBQ flavors to perfection. Service was sensational.  Waiter had prefect timing with everything.  Was quick to refill drinks and take our plates when we were done.   The only thing that maybe, kinda sucks is that parking can be tight, esp during lunch time and on Friday and Saturday nights.  But the food is so good, who cares?! What else needs to be said?  Do yourself a favor and eat at the Dinosaur BBQ at least once in your lifetime. This place is ASTOUNDING in every possible way!
I have been here multiple times and tried the majority and have not yet had a bad meal! There is usually a wait during prime times but it is worth it.
I've been going to this restaurant regularly for over 4 years. Every single time I go here, the service is good (and sometimes it's fantastic). Every single time I go here, the food is excellent. (Sometimes the cornbread is more moist than other times, but that's the only complaint I have.) Every single time I go here, my table is clean and the space is comfortable. I like this Dinosaur BBQ better than the one in Syracuse, even though that one is the original, because the service is generally better and the space is far less cramped. The food prices are reasonable, and sometimes awful cheap. I used to order 1/4 rack of ribs + 2 sides + cornbread for less than $9. (Lately I've been getting a cuban sandwich + 2 sides for less than $10.) They have a huuuuuge selection of beers to choose from, and they even have Saranac Root Bear on tap. I prefer their sweet tea with my BBQ, though. By far, my most favorite thing from Dino is their soups. They change everyday, but they're always delicious! I love this place! FYI: They only take reservations for large parties. They also do catering (with delivery).
Came here for lunch.  Everything is really fresh, and is LEGITIMATE bar-b-q (in Rochester, after all...who knew).  Great pulled pork sandwich only because I wasn't hungry enough for ribs which is probably what I should have gotten.  Great sandwich.  Slaw was really good, but didn't have the tangy kick I prefer.  Cornread=awesome.  Good service and atmosphere.  Can't go wrong here.
So I'm the Texan who doesn't really care much for BBQ (because my pops cooked it all the time and I got sick of it) but I went here because I was in Rochester for work and there's not much else to do. I ordered a dual meat plate consisting of pulled pork, brisket and had sides of mac & cheese and rice w/ gravy.  I topped my meats off with the Dinosaur BBQ Mango Habanero sauce because I wanted some zest.  Good decision.  The pulled pork was cooked very well, moist and tender (we don't really have this option in Texas) and the brisket was not bad either.  The macaroni and cheese was my favorite part of the dish and when I return to Rochester in a few months, I am definitely coming back here for it. The atmosphere itself is just your usual, very casual bbq restaurant.  The seating was very cramped but the food made up for it.
Rochester landmark and top notch BBQ. The atmosphere is great at Dino, they always have great bands playing and sometimes theres even room for some dancing if your in the mood, and you didnt eat to much food.
I always get Texas brisket plate, french fries, and chili with cheese.  And it's never disappointing.  We always bring visitors to Dinosaur as it's pretty much a guaranteed success. The sauces are amazing.  We keep a bottle in the fridge at all times.  Also the the cornbread is deliciously sweet (I think they put honey in it?) For those who don't eat meat but will have fish: the catfish is actually really tasty and don't forget that every entree comes with 2 sides.
Good stuff! I alwasy enjoy my food at the Dino!
I used to live in Rochester, and this was one of my favorite restaurants. And to be quite honest, I still haven't found a barbeque joint that even comes close to compairing. EVERYTHING HERE IS GOOD. The atmosphere, the music, the food, the beer selection and the service. I usually order start off with the fried green tomatoes (breaded in panko  crumbs, served with the best homemade ranch dressing), then I order the half chicken with cajun corn and fries. There is a whole "tool box" of hot sauces, slathering sauces, and a spices they leave at your table. Your food probably won't NEED it, but they are fun to use. (Caution: I think they put crack in the Cajun Foreplay. I dump it all over my plate.)   I have been to this place enough to know when to avoid it: If there is something going on at the Blue Cross Arena that night, avoid it. Weekends you better have reservations or plan on downing a few beers during your wait. Plenty of parking in the library garage across the street. If by chance you are lucky enough to request a seat, try the booths in the corner farthest from the entrance. You'll be sitting right over the river, the view is great. I can't say enough about this place. P.S. You can order all their sauces online if you aren't local. Yes, it's worth it.
WOW!!! Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. You will not go wrong with the ribs and chilli. The staff is really friendly and helpful making the whole experience a great time! I will definitely come back to here.
The bbq or the beer selection alone would rate a solid 4 stars.  Having both together easily takes this place over the top with a full 5 star review. Having Stone, Dogfishhead, Rogue, and 2 different local microbrews on tap should give you an idea of how good the beer is - all on tap mind you. The BBQ is as good as the best I've had in NC.  The ribs and pulled pork bbq was top notch. The view of the spillway/river really tops the place off.  Can't imagine a better place to hang out. So good we had to go back for lunch 2 days later.  I was equally impressed and was very luck to get a table!
The best barbecue north of the south. Great Ribs and slaw and corn. Chicken wings seem to be dry rubbed and baked not fried. Really awesome. Friends from Ondia could not eat their hottest reigns!
RIBS! RIBS! RIBS! So I went to Rochester on the weekend just for kicks.  After heading to the Kodak Museum and to The Strong, we ended up at Dinosaur BBQ since it was supposed to be one of the best dining places in Rochester.  Considering that there wasn't much going on in Rochester, we ended up there (and we love ribs). The wait was brutal.  We were there on a Saturday evening around 6:00 - and we waited for quite some time.  I was getting restless and I was dead hungry.   Once we got seated, we ordered the "Sweetheart deal for 2."  One full rack of ribs and 4 sides.  The ribs were absolutely delicious - smoked very slowly and it was literally fall off the bone.  I was dying from goodness.  We ordered the mashed potato with gravy, A.K. Chili, coleslaw and tomato + cucumber salad.  The chili was my favourite. Considering the next day, we had no idea where to go for dinner, we ended up at Dinosaur BBQ (again).  However, we went around 3:30 - and it was already packed - however, we were seated in less than 5 minutes.  This time - we ordered the Tres Hombres:  rack of ribs, pulled pork, and brisket, with two sides.  I was ecstatic.  Everything was delicious once again - I would definitely recommend this platter if you want to try everything.  The fries were really good as well - fried in Canola Oil.   If you're heading to Rochester, definitely pay a visit to Dinosaur BBQ (but go early!)
This is the place for carnivores to indulge. Their pork ribs are juicy, tender and the meat just falls off the bone. The atmosphere is a little noisy but the place is always jam packed. I give this place my full recommendation
Top-notch. Great food, awesome atmosphere. One of my fave restaurants in the city. Drunken shrimp, ribs, Mac salad some of my favorites. I love the dry rub for grilling at home too!
I lived in rochester for 3 yeras,..and this is the best place for BBQ, their home made wango tango sauce is excellent. I miss rochester now..lol.. Portions are big..price reasonable.. can get a little noisy when they have live performances but who cares..enviroment is really good..you could see all thes bikes parked outside and smeel the place..feels like I am craving for it now.. also I usually had the tres hombres ..and alwas had some leftovers.. chickenwings..are spectacular.. miss it..I hope to come back someday
Very good ribs. Great location. Great sides, fast service. Go to hockey or lacross game at arena right down street. Great view of Genesee river. Cons. Bar almost not accessible. It gets very crowded. Going to game? Get there two hrs early. Loud. But its a bbq honkytonk.
The best BBQ joint in America. I went to college in Rochester, this sure was a frequent stop for me, my family, and friends. My graduation from college even was celebrated at Dinosaur BBQ. I cannot say enough about this place other than it is the BEST. I sure will be stopping in Dinosaur BBQ on my every visit to Rochester.
I suggest the Ribs, corn and mashed potatoes, bring the motorcycle and don't forget a backpack to buy some of that sauce....
I've visited Dinosaur a few times.  The BBQ is very good here!  The location is right on the river downtown.  Parking is along a bridge over the river, and can be difficult at times.   I usually get some kind of Combo platter so I can try different types of BBQ.  Everything I've tried so far has been excellent!  (beef, pork, chicken).  The sides are great too. I've visited BBQ restaurants throughout the country and this one is just as good as any of them, including those in the South, which tend to be the best.   This is a staple restaurant in Rochester, and it is a very entertaining place to visit with friends and co-workers.  I highly recommend it!
Absolutely lives up to the reputation. DELICIOUS beef brisket served by enthusiastic and friendly staff in an awesome location. If you ever get the chance to stop by here, call ahead and GO.
This place is insanely good. Every meal I've ever had here has been excellent. Even my dad, ever the contrarian, loves this place. The meats are smoked to juicy perfection, the sauces are outstanding, and the sides are abundant and delicious. I moved away from the Rochester area a few years ago and I'm STILL in Dino BBQ withdrawal. I don't recommend abruptly cutting off your Dino BBQ intake, it's really advisable to slowly taper it.
Oh Dinosaur, you try too damn hard. Yes, the kitchy juke joint memorabilia on the walls is a nice touch, but focus on the food. Every time I've been here the meat is dry, the fried green tomatoes are mushy, and the wait is at least 30 minutes. You try to be a "biker" bar, but the convos in the men's room involve talk about new Hummers and white collar jobs. Lame.
Absolutely delicious pulled pork Carolina sandwich. I had the black beans and rice, tasty with enough heat to keep you wanting more, and a rich mac and cheese which was also very tasty.
The main courses at Dinosaur are generally consistent and good -- although Sticky Lips (the other big BBQ restaurant in Rochester) has a more diverse menu and is definately a better choice if you are bringing vegetarian friends.  The sides and appetizers are amazing.   The atmosphere is loud and fun.   The service is generally excellent and will make all sorts of crazy substitutions to accomodate me and my weird vegetarian friends (why would a group of vegetarians go to a BBQ place?).  They have frequenlty  turned veggie appetizers (like fried green tomatoes) into entrees with sides for me.  And they never act like I am a pain in the butt (even though I usually am).   If you go on Friday or Saturday, be prepared to wait for an hour (sometimes more).
amazing...unfortunately the one advantage the south had on us was nullified when Dinosaur started serving up BBQ.  I'm a big fan of the pulled pork/beef brisket combo...
Here's the best thing about Dino BBQ --  They have sweet tea, southern style sweet iced tea. Sometimes I want to go there just for that. But the food is like heaven on a plate, too. Just thinking of the Carolina BBQ Sandwich makes me drool a little. The atmosphere is busy and loud. There's southern schlock on the walls and there's always a crowd. It makes this Carolina girl feel at home.
I'm not sure how this place got voted the best barbecue in america. I found the ribs a bit undercooked and lacking any real evidence of having been smoked. The mashed potatoes were ok but the Cole slaw was putrid. The ambience is some northerners idea of what they think a southern barbecue place should look like which is to say they're trying too hard. I haven't had any good barbecue since I moved up north and this place is no different.
Dinosaur BBQ...oh how u make me crave for your ribs like how a T-Rex yearns to rip into a Brontosaurus, a Triceratops or a Pterodactyl! It is a biker bar and so the main persona that is played here is the Harley Davidson, "I will beat the shit outta you" mask. However, the guys that wear that mask dont play that role and everyone that comes here is diverse. I ordered the Fandango Sample; 5oz Prime Rib, 4 racks of Ribs, Pulled Pork, Potato Salad, Collard Greens/White Bean soup and fresh cut fries. This meal was ridiculous and it will remain ridiculous until I across some ribs that fall of the bone like these, taste so sweet and tangy like Dino's, eat a piece of Prime Rib that makes me never forget and chow down on some Collard Green/White Bean and Pulled Pork Soup like the way DinoBBQ did me tonite. Just for tonite's meal; "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
If its your first time, go directly for the ribs and don't look back.  They come out dry so you have your choice of what sauce to use.   You will get messy but you will love every second.  Would recommend to anyone who loves meat and has a big appetite.
Dinosaur is great.  I don't prescribe to the Dinosaur vs Sticky Lips either-or debate (I think Sticky Lips is awesome too).  I do think that Dinosaur should replace Wegmans as the Must Do for out-of town visitors.  Since I am blessed with having such a great place readily available, I usually don't swoon too much.  However, since my father- and sister-in-laws just visited (and loved it) I thought I would take this as a good chance to swoon a bit. First, the decor is awesome (way better than Sticky Lips)... example: we sat under a picture of Nixon shaking hands with Elvis giving Elvis a narcotics award!!  very cool.  Plus the building is ancient.  Though I do wish you could see outside since the location is amazingly unique over the river in downtown. From here on out, I will just reiterate what other people say:  awesome beer selection, excellent ribs with slight smoky flavors and excellent sides, and it's always a party atmosphere inside.  It does get crowded, but you hardly notice once you sit down at a table and begin eating.  Did I mention the ribs??  I usually get the Sweetheart deal with my lady (4 sides w/ full rack) and at ~$25 it's not a bad price for two. The only bad:  1) the wait 2.5 to 3 hours; and 2) usually no reservations are allowed unless you have a large party.  For Rochester, this is as good as it gets.
Ok-  just had a chance to eat here tonite-  in pretty direct comparison to sticky lips-  which i recently reviewed.  heres the difference between the two places:  food-  dinosaur seems a little higher quality, and not as sweet-  which is a plus!  portions are a little less than sticky lips, but still- this is a lot of food for the money!  sticky lips is priced a tad lower too.  important to note-  i ate at the sticky lips on jefferson, not the original hole in the wall location.  dinosaur is right at foot of city of rochester, so its location is better.  dinosaur is pretty good atmosphere, a bit dark.  bartender was EXCELLENT!!  looked good, knew the menu, the drinks, etc.!!  and she REALLY knew how to work the situation there-  fast, social-  ill bet shes making that place tons of money, and probably getting tipped pretty well in the process!  sticky lips came off as the imitator- altho a pretty good one!  worth noting-  sticky lips and dinosaur both seem to be places where people mingle, especially dinosaur.  some woman in her low 50's sat down next to me at the bar & struck up a conversation with me, which was a bit annoying-  and i wound up hearing her whole life story.  im not anti-social, but i was in rochester for business & just wanted to try the dinosaur & then get out of there, so this woman was a bit of a nuisance.  she would have continued on and on, and just as i was about to cut her off & get my check-  some idiot guy that apparently used to know her came up to her & was hitting on her-  which was perfect timing!  boy was this guy a fuckin douche!!!!!!  he was actually trying to impress her by indicating he had a mercedes-  as if that was somehow a measure of his success in life.  FAH-Q!!!  i actually said to myself-  boy these two losers are perfect for each other!!  anyway- worth mentioning that the place has some very good beer selections- including some excellent local beers!!!  dinosaur is openiong up a place in brooklyn i believe; i think itll do very well!!  very happy with my stop there , altho-  just like at sticky lips-  i WAY overate.  just too good tho to only eat half the meal.  oh last thing-  had the combo platter-  ribs, pulled pork , beef brisket, sides-  tomato & cuke salad, mac n cheese, side of corn bread-  all sides were GREAT!!!
This review is WAY late, as I've been here twice in the last two years, but hey, better late than never right?! Love this location. Right downtown (where there's honestly not much else), it's an easy walking distance when I have to stay here for conventions. It's a pretty big place, but every time I've been there it's been SO crowded. There's a big bar area, a take out area, and a good amount of seating. There's frequently live music here as well. Food: Their mac and cheese is to die for. I've also had a burger which was pretty good, and this last time I got a chicken sandwich of some sort. It's moderately priced, the platter (which comes with 2 sides) was $9.95. I can't comment too much on the BBQ aspect, I'm not a huge fan of BBQ (I know, I know, crazy). Nice place to go for a few beers late at night, and make sure you take a look out the windows on the side facing the water, it's a pretty cool view. I go here everytime I'm in Rochester, so it's definitely a must-try!
The food here is great, love the pulled pork and mac n cheese, but the parking is so awful I rarely go. RPD loves this bridge as I have received parking tickets for being 3 minutes over the time purchased. Not exaggerating. I wish they would open another location so I wouldn't have to stare at that dirty brown waterfall as I eat.
I hope there's enough room for me on the bandwagon because I am jumping the eff ON. Came recommended from a rental agent who showed me two possible crack houses- so this is the best thing she did for me. Our waitress was probably top 5 NICEST servers I've ever had. No artificial crap either- a genuine sweet thing. That's hard to come by. Almost as hard as AMAZING BBQ. Note: I rarely ever like barbecue. Note 2: I love Dinosaur pulled pork so much, I would consider raising it and paying for it to attend an Ivy League school. Sure, the platters are a little pricey- $18+ but the quality is there. Plus you can always get a sandwich for under $10. The sides are worth salivating for as well. Beer on tap (and bottled) list is notable- all for $4.50- $5. I can't think of anything to complain about so I'll just shut my trap and wish it was filled with some yummer Dinosaur BBQ.
Neat location, wonderful wings, wonderful pulled pork sandwich (carolina style my favourite). Who knew there was good bbq up here?
If you are ever in the Rochester or Saracuse area and you do not stop into Dinosaur Bar-B-Que for a meal, then you are doing it wrong.  I went to college near Rochester so I have been here several times, most recently when I was on a visit back to college.  Dino is an awesome BBQ and ribs joint, and the atmosphere fits the food perfectly. If you go on a weekend you can expect it to be completely packed, there is usually some sort of live music, or at least loud music playing, a very loud atmosphere with people everywhere, and delicious, greasy BBQ. I have been here several times and have always appreciated the phenomenal service.  The waiters and waitresses are always super polite, and most of them being young, are really vibrant and funny as well.  You can tell that most of them enjoy their jobs and like working there because their attitudes show it. The food at this place is sensational! The portions are huge, and although I always think I'll never be able to finish it all, I find myself unable to stop eating because it tastes so good.  My usual dish is the half chicken and ribs combo, which are both so mouth watering good! My two favorite sides are the cajun corn and the mashed potatoes with gravy, and of course every meal comes with delicious cornbread.  I have also had the pulled pork platter which is phenomenal as well.  They do offer a decent looking dessert menu, although I have always been too stuffed to consider trying anything on it. Unfortunately there are some downsides to a place this great.  First off parking is absolutely outrageous.  Whenever we go we always drop someone off to get our name in, because we know we will spend at least fifteen minutes finding a parking spot. Also, they do not take reservations, and the place is always so crowded for dinner, that you can wait forever to get a table. You can call ahead and get yourself on the list, which I would highly recommend doing before you go. If you have not tried this place, it is a must go!! You will not regret it!
We got a tip from a nice drive through person at the starbucks in Lancaster NY and It was a great tip. The food was really good. My 2 year old ate most of her childrens meal which is rare!  I will have to come back next time I am in town!!
I'm familiar with Dinosaur from my days at Syracuse University.  When I found out I was moving to Rochester, the only thing (at the time...things have definitely changed since then) that made me happy was Dinosaur. It's delicious.  It's cheap.  The portions are huge.  The beer selection is amazing.  The pulled pork sandwich, Caroline style, makes me want to make out with my server.  Oh!  And the service is amazing.   Love Dino.  Don't miss it.  It effing rulz.
One of the best places downtown Rochester has to offer for casual dining hands down.  I usually go with the Pulled Pork platter or the Pork Bar-B-San platter.  Great selection of draft and bottled beers.  Reasonably priced and great service.  Sometimes difficult to find a parking spot and the wait times can sometimes be lengthy.
I came to to Rochester on a business trip. Some of my associates were browsing a hotel list and discussing the possibility of some crap chain. thats when i couldn't leave fate to anything but yelp. I was skeptical that Yelp could produce outside of my home market of denver like it had in the past but I was wrong dead wrong. Doing a quick search Yelp led me to the authentic 100% Dinosaur BBQ. It was important that I made a correct pick or I would be the laughing stock of my company for the next decade. Upon arrival we were pleasantly greeting with the nice ice house style atmosphere that only real BBQ places can provide. As soon as I walked in I felt like I had made the right choice and I also felt like I was in Texas which is a good thing for BBQ. Our waitress was quick, knowledgeable and never once had us wondering where she was. I got the Big Ass pork plate and this was not false advertising. I got fries and corn as my sides and I wasn't disappointed. In fact all four members of our party were really pleased with the atmosphere, the waitress, and the food. All i can say is if you are in town and need a great bite to eat this would be a great choice. Next time in rochester i will certainly be back for the food and atmosphere. Thanks Dinosaur BBQ and Yelpers
The most popular restaurant in Rochester. This is what put BBQ on the map in the ROC. Great selection of BBQ and I'm pretty sure everything is homemade in house (not positive about desserts). My only complaints has been that sometimes the ribs are bit burnt and or fatty every once in a while but still good. Also offer a great daily special that won't break the bank. The chicken wings are the best I've ever had. Ample amount of craft beer on tap. Service is good sprinkled with a little attitude that fits this place perfectly. Gets real busy at times, especially in the summer but ambiance makes the wait worth it... Grab a brew and check out the motorcycles or awesome honky tonk decor. Love this place!
Eh..I was all the way in Rochester for my cousins wedding. My family is huge. My cousin and his wife decided to go to this place after their reception (held in an Amish barn) since all we ate were blueberries and straw berries (in our rice) and a tiny piece of chicken. The food was meeeeeeeeeeeeeeh. It wasn't anything I've haven't tried before. There was a lot of pork on the menu... I hate pork... Umm did I mention the tacky country music playing the whole time... There's a bar im guessing right next to the dining area and all you can see is trashy girls jumping up and down to really weird music..At that point.. I couldn't even down a shot.. I needed my city.. never again
I am relocating to Rochester and am therefore staying at the downtown Hyatt. This is a great place to have a casual dinner. Love their ribs and the wide selection of beers. Will definitely become a regular there.
In spite of the fact that this is now a chain, the quality has seemed to remain top notch. I would like to eat at their locations in NYC and Troy to see if it carries through. Not much I can say other than I'm always satisfied and full leaving here. Still love it!
Always seems to be a good time. Not your typical atmosphere which is nice. Great food... Especially the unique side dishes. The staff may not be perfect every time but it is better than the goof balls you get at some chain restaurants.
I have to say I was extremely impressed, not just with the food, servers, and atmosphere, but with the extensive beer list. Pouring a wide arrange of beers on-tap from the local breweries to the micros in California, it was hard to choose. On to the location, which looks like an old boating house to me. I was walking around downtown to check Rochester out (in town on business) and was blown away by the looks alone. I had planned to eat at Rohrbach that night, but I was so intrigued, I took an early dinner before I flew out of town, even though I wasn't really hungry, and I wasn't disapointed! I love the decorations, the feel, the wood, the vibe, everything about this place! The food was decent barbecue, though I've had better ribs and brisket in the south, I was impressed by the chicken. The sides were great too, but what really blew me away was the blueberry cheesecake. New York style (of course!) with blueberries baked right in and a blueberry pie filling on top, it is among the best cheesecake I've ever had, and I LOVE cheesecake. I really hope business brings me back through Rochester soon...
Dinosaur was all in all a decent experience.  I think it is a bit too loud for any group that want to have a conversation.  I was hoping for a better sauce or choice of sauces .  Not the best in town but absolutely a good option.  You should try it at least once.
LOVED the Dinosaur.  It's the best. The pork BBQ is fantastic and you can't beat the atmosphere, the service, and the view of the river and falls. Nice outdoor seating area, too. Best meal in town but typically packed at meal times so come early or get one of their few reservations if you have more than six people.
Not as good as it once was
After living in Rochester for nearly a year, we finally ventured over to Dinosaur BBQ. And I would say, yes it IS that good! We had to wait an hour on a Tuesday, but so worth it. Smokey, perfect brisket, pulled pork, and ribs...great sides...even the poutine, delish. I still have love for Sticky Lips but...Dinosaur trumps all others in this town.
Just plain fun. And GREAT BBQ. We had the fried green tomato, 6 piece wings, 3/4 rack of ribs,side of soup and side of brocolli, a pitcher of beer and a pitcher of cider for $60. STUFFFFFFFED. Service was ok, we sat outside on the picnic tables. We will be back.
Add me to the list of Dino fans. While not always absolutely perfect, I should mention that I've eaten there at least once or twice a month for several years now. That's a lot of sampling. And they nearly always hit it out of the park. My fav? The barbecued wings, garlic-chipotle. Wow! That cornbread... scrumptious. Had some mac and cheese there last time that was just fabulous, creamy, al dente, cheesy (of course) and... garlic-y. Genius!
Good but maybe not the best in the area.  Love the atmosphere. Some things are a little to spicy at times.  Great choices. It is really busy most of the time so if you wnat lunch or dinner and don't want to wait go a little before or after actuall lunch or dinner time. A great local chain.
Excellent food! This many good reviews can't be wrong! The only complaint would be the wait.
The best Ribs and BBQ sauce I have EVER had!
One of my favorite places to eat in the Rochester area. Meet up with friends, grab a BBQ pulled pork sandwich and a beer- call it a good night.
A group of friends and I went to the Dinosaur BBQ after the St. Patrick's Day Parade on Saturday for a bite to eat and to have a couple drinks. We were let in the door without a problem from the security guard, seated by the hostess, and waited on by the server. We had ordered two pitchers of beer to split between 6 people and were looking at the menu to decide what to eat. A few minutes after the waitress had taken our drink order, the head of security and one of the owners, came over and told us that they were not going to serve us alcohol but we could still eat. After several minutes of discussion, they could still not give us a valid reason, only stating, "We can choose not to serve you alcohol, without giving a reason." After contemplating whether to stay or not (because the food is good and we were all starving!), we decided it was best to leave based on the principal of the matter. We were plenty "sober" enough to stay and eat their food, but too "drunk" to order drinks? Either man up and give a valid reason, or let us order a few drinks.  Needless to say, I will not be going back to the Dinosaur BBQ in Rochester or to the new restaurant coming to Buffalo. There are plenty of other wonderful BBQ places to eat at in the area!
One of the best BBQ places I've been too, and believe me I've been to plenty. Great vibe and awesome location. Ribs are fall off the bone and the beans are amazing. I like that they don't drench their meats in too much sauce.
I've never had a bite to eat there, but it pretty much kicks ass as a music venue.  No place else in Rochester gets a steady stream of honky tonk, blues, and rockabilly acts and brings them to you for free!  I can't even count the number of times during college that my pals and I rode down on our Schwinns and locked them up next to all the motorcycles, and got to see a great live show on the very affordable student budget of $0.  Parking (of cars) down there is retarded (and especially problematic, we noticed, when the circus is in town), but one time some friends and I were taking my dad there, and a Dinosaur employee ushered us into the catering van's parking spot and told us to pretend he was our (long lost mullet-headed) cousin if anyone hassled us!  It must be because my pops looks like a Hell's Angel.  They have room for dancing and usually some wild neighborhood characters in there stomping around to keep it interesting.  Los Straitjackets, Big Sandy, and Rochester locals the Hi-Risers were some of the standout shows there.
Hands down, some of the best  BBQ I've ever had, and I'm from the South! Seriously though, I can't imagine what you'd find on this menu that isn't savory.  Hell, even the corn bread was delish.  The meat here is soooo delicate.  Leaps and bounds better than the supposedly famous Phil's BBQ here in SoCal. When I visit a city, I like to try a different restaurant every night, but seeing as downtown Rochester is not that large and this place was so good, I actually ate dinner here every night for 4 or 5 nights straight. The only negatives are that there isn't a lot of room inside, the to-go area is chaos, and the wait times are insane.  Hate to take down a star for that, but I gotta.  Dining there for several days in a row, it was a real hassle, worth it, but it would be tough for other folks nonetheless.
Two of my greatest loves, good food and live music, blended into one. Oh happy day. Gotta say, I never would have thought a biker bar would be one of my favorite places to hang out, but here it is. I loved the pulled pork. You can't go wrong with the ribs. Let's talk sides... best ever. I really like the Cajun Corn and the chili, but you just cant go wrong. So, best BBQ in the north? I think so. In fact, I am living in the south now and still haven't found better BBQ. Beyond BBQ, their live music is awesome. From gritty blues bands to some good old fashioned rock and roll, this place has got it all. You just can't beat a great band in a small venue. Sometimes you have to wait a long time to get in. It is totally worth it. Grab a beer and huddle next to the heaters outside. Get there early on nights that they have live music. Enjoy a nice dinner and then listen to the band rock out. They even have room to dance if that is your thing. I loved it so much, I bought the T-shirt. No lie.
I have yet to go the BBQ in Manhattan of the same name.  I have been meaning to go but I guess shit just keeps coming up. I have asked myself when o' when will I finally get to the upper manhattan spot.  I have only been in this way out of the way location in Rochester just to get Takeout.  It was also a very long time ago so now not sure of the prices. When I was there a couple years back, it was $21.00 for a full rack of Bar-B-Que Pork Ribs with two sides. Food was definitely better than okay.   Anywayz, check this place out if you are all the way in the middle of nowhere. I hear this location has been getting better reviews than the manhattan one but I have to be the judge for myself and go to other location.  The place looked really nice from the outside
Yeah, it can be crowded, and during the day much of that crowd can be of the yuppified office-worker set, but any place that happens to have great food downtown is going to have that issue.  The important thing is that this place is a sizzling blues club at night time, and it's a refreshingly comfortable, non-pretentious one at that.  It is part of a small chain--the Dinosaur started in Syracuse, and I'm told a new one just opened in NYC that is already going big guns--and the decor is perhaps just studied enough to make that fact obvious (the by-now de rigueur olde-fashioned metal signs all over--"Beware Loose Women and Pick Pockets" and the like) but that's also mostly beside the point.  This is about as close to the feel of an old juke joint as you're likely to find north of the ol' Manson-Nixon line, and people respond to it.  When the band is churning it out good & hot, people get excited and actually move something...an audience response I feel I've nearly forgotten about after 6 years in the Bay area ("People still dance at shows?  Wow.")  If you happen to be of the carnivorous persuasion, they've got some of the best BBQ going, I'm told, and you can actually buy their sauce by the jar as well.  Go on down and get your groove on--it's always Saturday night at the Dinosaur.
Whenever I go home to visit my family in Rochester, I usually make a sidetrip to Dinosaur BBQ for two reasons:  (1) I love the food and atmosphere and (2) I have fond memories of the building when it was a nightclub called Carpe Diem in the early 90s.   During my recent trip back home this summer, I took one of my longtime friends to Dinosaur for dinner.  Parking in the area isn't great, but if you drive around awhile, you can usually find something.  We parked on the Broad St. bridge and hoofed it. It was a Friday night and the place looked crowded, inside and out.  We were afraid the wait was going to be long, but it was thankfully only 20 minutes.  We sidled up to the bar and had a couple of specialty beers while we waited for our name to be called.  There are so many choices that we both had a hard time deciding what new beer to try.  I went with a Pomegranate Wheat beer on tap.  What?  I love a fruity taste to my beer and I'm not ashamed to admit it.   One of the things I love about the building that Dinosaur BBQ is in is that it has a lot of different rooms.  It's not just one big open room.  That's what I loved about it as a nightclub.  You could wander from room to room where different music was playing in each differently themed room.  But I digress... We were hoping for a booth along the riverside windows, but because we only had two in our party, we weren't too hopeful.  We ended up being seated in the small room by the front door.  It was ok, but pretty dark and cramped.  Worse, it was the "family" room.  Our tiny two-top table was squooshed in there with three tables of 8+ each.  And each table had screaming kids.  We tried to ignore it, focus on our dinner and conversation, and ordered a pitcher of beer to drown out the noise.   Although I'm sure their dinner plates are good, their sandwich platters are a fantastic deal for the taste and the amount of food you get for the money.   The only bad thing is that there are SO MANY sandwiches from which to choose, even after you settled on a meat.  I opted for the Texas Beef Brisket sandwich with two sides.  The beef was good (a little fatty), but best of all, Dinosaur offers you a wide variety of sauces right on every table.  I usually have to try them all in some way, shape, or form.   Lastly, on your way out, if you liked what you tasted, you can purchse some sauce or rub of your very own.  My favorite?  The Cajun Foreplay Spice Rub.  It's good on anything and adds a bit of heat and extra flavor to all your dishes.  Who doesn't like a little Foreplay?
I'm from Detroit and though not a BBQ conoisseur, I'd have to say don't miss Rochester's Dino.  I loved the dive-y ambience, the tatted waitresses and hey, it's all about the food.  Can't wait for my next trip through there.
I'm torn on how to rate this, but given that it's Rochester and there's slim pickings as far as food goes, I'll give Dinosaur BBQ the benefit of the doubt. If you don't care much for the loud, pub-like atmosphere, I'd highly suggest getting take-out. The guy at the counter is really friendly and patient (and of course complimented all of my choices :D) and it's a break from the extremely stressed, borderline rude hostess and only took them about 10 minutes to put our order together. I ordered the pulled pork and brisket plate - came with two sides and a corn bread for $13.50. Not a bad price! Everything was a little bit too oily and they left big chunks of fat on the brisket that could easily have been cut off. The flavors were spot on though, and it was a nice place to come with my parents because they don't get to eat out much. I'd recommend both of the sides we got - tortilla soup (large tender chunks of chicken, upgraded to a much larger bowl for 50 cents!) and cole slaw (large chunks of cabbage - gave it a healthier feel). I'm not sure I'll come here again but I'd recommend it to people passing through Rochester or people who don't live in a larger city and therefore don't have much access to good food.
Who'd have thought we would find such incredible barbeque in one of the northernmost US cities? On par with the best we've had in NC, TX, AL! Excellent, must go.
I am in Rochester for work, and my coworkers informed me that since I am from Memphis, I have to try Dinosaur Bar-B-Cue while I am here. Parking down the street was not my favorite, but walking across the bridge and seeing the waterfall was enjoyable. The decorations are so over-the-top it is laughable. The restaurant almost makes fun of itself with its decor. Plus the number of motorcycles and accompanying people in leather chaps seems fake. As my friend put it, the place seemed contrived. But I was determined to give this place a fair shake. Having grown up experiencing the best BBQ in the world in Memphis, I am very judgmental. I ordered the traditional Bar B Cue plate with Chicken, Brisket, and Ribs with Cajun Corn and Macaroni & Cheese on the side. The chicken was good. A little slimy for my preference, but dark meat will do that. The ribs had a decent flavor to them. The cook clearly does not hand select the pieces since I had three mediocre bones. The brisket was lacking. Lacking in flavor, anemic, undercooked. Eating it did make me look forward to Memorial day at my friend Colin's house. The M&C was good: good smokey flavor. The best part of my meal was the Cajun Corn. I was also impressed they were able to add back some originality by serving Sweet Tea. Overall, I would recommend this to my friends. If you can't get to Memphis or order it online or have a friend make the real thing for you, Dinosaur is a decent substitute. Good try at the whole bar-b-cue thing... maybe someday you will get there.
This place is pretty happening. The food, sauces, and sweet tea are great. I tried the chicken, ribs, and bbq brisket, all of them where excellent! I highly recommend this place.
Well, the BBQ is good, but it isn't the best.  It's definitely a cute restaurant with some good ole' Southern food, but the catfish appetizer was a bit swampy, the fried green tomatoes were not authentic, and my entree meats (pork shoulder, pork brisket) were disappointingly dry. If I found myself in Rochester again, I'd go back to Dinosaur BBQ, but from someone who's had the real thing in Texas, South Carolina, and Georgia, ehhhhhhh.
dinosaur BBQ oh how i love and miss you:( yes, we have every cuisine imaginable to choose from here in northern california, including a handful of BBQ options.. but no BBQ i've eaten comes anywhere close to tasting as delicious as your BBQ plates slathered in your sensuous sauce. same story on the sides ~ i'm especially missing your applesauce and carrot raisin salad. please open an establishment on the west coast soon. guaranteed you would make a fortune! signed, a former rochesterian who has somewhat 'managed' to get by without wegmans... but continues to struggle without dinosaur BBQ
I love Dino.  The place is always packed, but it's worth the wait.  I like the loud and busy vibe of the place.  Any kind of BBQ you like they probably have and if you're not sure what you want go for the sampler plate. I love the pulled pork sandwiches and haven't been able to find any better.  The sides are all tasty and the standard ribs are hard to beat.  Dino also provides extra sauce on all the tables, which, incidentally you can also buy.  I usually have some of the rib sauce in the fridge for barbecuing during the summer.
Best ribs I've ever had, hands down.
Honestly... I don't get what the big deal is about dino bbq or maybe I was anticipating on it being outstanding... but I would have to say it was ok. Not bad. It certainly wasn't be the best ribs I've had. I went with a group of 12 and since we had a reservation beforehand, we waited maybe 15 minutes after our reserved time, I'm not complaining. First impression? Wow, tons of bikers. And for a Thursday night, tons of people waiting outside to eat at the restaurant. When we finally sat down, our table was split to 2 tables .. boo.. I think the largest 1 table they have is an 8 seater, possibily. After we all ordered, we got our food pretty quickly considering how busy the place was, I got a sampler of the pulled pork, beef brisket and the 1/4th rack of ribs. I would have to say that it was ok, I liked my sides: the cajun corn and tomatoe/cucumber salad. The cornbread was really delicious but there was very little of it. For the price, not bad, it was like $12 or something. Definitely filling. Would I come back again? Maybe.. for a restaurant known for their bbq, I would have to say that their sides were much better than their meat.
Fall off the bone pork ribs smoked to perfection.  The pulled pork is also tender but not dry, and the chicken, shrimp, and beef is all similarly cooked to perfection. The sides are what truly make this place amazing though- chili, baked beans, fries, ginger green bean salad, black beans and rice, macaroni salad, mac and cheese-  so much better than any BBQ joint.   You add in the tasty local brews- and you see why you get people in business suits, students, construction workers, and bikers all at the same joint happily coexisting.  The place can be packed, but service is usually as efficient as possible- if a bit brusque.
You know its a good restaurant when the mere mention of it activates my saliva glands. I love the food here. The chili on the half shell nachos, the garlic wings, and the side of fresh made mac and cheese. While it isn't the best food in the entire world, it smacks of home made comfort food and that keeps me coming back every time Im home The wait can get rather extreme and without a waiting room or a nearby diversion to keep you occupied the wait can be agonizing. Especially when you can smell the bbq for blocks around the joint. The waitresses are surly but I could really care less.
Great place for celebrating, awesome food, like the old style of the restaurant!
Joe Beard, down-to-earth staff, BBQ at it's best. and prices are so-so, the wait is not cool, eating outside kinda sucks. Here's a super-hint:  If you have a big group of people, instead of waiting 1 1/2 hours at Dinosaur, drive 20mins to Victor and go to 'The Village Pig' (which is closed Mondays, I found out the hard way).  Better prices, tons of food, free cups w/soda.
The only good place in Rochester, NY!!!!!!!!!!!! I would consider moving here just so I am able to visit this hopping joint. No reservations, got here, were told we have to wait for 40 min up to an hour. Place was filled to the brim, luckily, there is a take-out working and going. But we went straight to the bar where amazing bartenders were working swiftly. Peach mojito? Delicious. Fresh mint, great rum, yum! After 30 min wait we were called to our seats. I went with catfish strips and solo tasting appetizer that had a devilled egg, one chicken wing, fried green tomato and shrimp with three different sauces. So good! I mean, I drank the sauce when nobody was watching))). Place was busy and had a great happy vibe. Service was super quick, and actually, when I placed an order, the waitress said that we can have a combo for two and it is cheaper that way (you get two sides with your entree, I had coleslaw, Mac n cheese, the best ever, black beans and corn bread). Ribs were... They put all the BBQ joints I've been to to shame. Unbelievable that a place like that exists in Rochester, NY. No offense, but seems like the city have seen some better days a while ago, in 80's, according to local cops (one cop on every corner downtown, whoa, what a city!). When I think about anything good in Rochester, NY, I think of "Dinosaur" now. So good!
Consistently great BBQ. I have been here countless times in both Rochester and Harlem.  In Harlem one can expect two hour waits even after 9pm! The Carolina Style pulled pork  with coleslaw, mac salad and BBQ beans is a must for lunch.  For dinner I can never choose just one meat so I go for the extreme sampler.  Brisket, 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs along with two sides and corn bread. Amazing!  Enough food for two, or more than enough for a second meal the next day. Green fried tomatoes, wings, etc are also great.  Grab a paddle of beer to wash everything down.  Beer selection could change a bit more frequently but it is diverse enough to satisfy.
We live in Atlanta but when we visit Rochester we repeatedly compared the two big contenders Dinosaur and Sticky Lips. The final verdict- Dinosaur BBQ all the way.  We have tested this over multiple visits, several years apart and numerous different menu choices.  Yes, we are BBQ nerds; such nerds, we served Dinosaur at our wedding!   The dining experience in Dinosaur is frankly just cool.  Sit at a booth overlooking the water, the staff are laid back but efficient.  The catering/to go staff are rock stars too!  I recently ordered catering for 35 people from Dinosaur.  The efficiency of the catering staff is top notch.  Delivered on time, as ordered and very well communicated!  So dine in or get it catered; you'll be happy either way. Meat: I prefer Dinosaur's smoked turkey.  The pulled pork is great; I just prefer the taste of turkey to pork.  The smoked wings are KILLER; defiantly do not miss!  I'm not a fan of the brisket but I don't lament it because the other meat options are so darn good.  I love the intoxicating smell of smoke surrounding their meats!  Sauces are robust and flavorful; not too sweet or too spicy. Sides: This is where the competition ended.  Sticky Lips falls flat on sides; Dinosaur knows sides are not meant to be an after thought.  They can stand alone!  The Mac and Cheese could easily be called Crack.  One time and you are hooked.  No, your Grandmother can't make it this good; no, you shouldn't try to get it anywhere else.  Yes, you should order it every time you come in.  The beans are seasoned with fennel- kudos!  The corn is seasoned with rosemary- yes, there are Chefs in this kitchen who are passionate about making damn good side options. Do not be afraid to experiment with their side menu; if you want bold, flavorful options to compliment your BBQ experience (not something reheated out of a can), Dinosaur is the place for you!   Cornbread: It's sweet, moist and not too heavy.  It is the perfect compliment to the plate. Desserts: I'll be damned if I can get that far.  Which is exactly my point, the BBQ is excellent and the sides are awesome.  I don't go to BBQ restaurants for their desserts; if I have room for dessert it means I didn't like something on my well portioned plate.   From my experiences so far; I'll never taste Dinosaur's dessert menu and that's just fine by me!
Been to Texas for real BBQ, an have been to the national rib cook-off in Reno twice... Dinosaur BBQ is a fun place to eat - props that they have have pyramid and rohrbach on tap! Got the pulled pork and brisket combo - yum yum yum. Brisket was tender and had good bark. Pulled pork was super tasty. Hubby got the ribs - he said they were a tad dry, but I thought they had great texture and were perfectly done. Sides: Cajun corn: awesome Mac and cheese: good Mashed potatoes and gravy: gross Cucumber and tomato salad: awesome House salad with bbblues dressing: that dressing kicks ass, so good Beans: ehhhhhhhh Cornbread (that comes with a lot of meals): very good Cheesecake: dense (the way I like it) and good This place is solid. Definitely coming back. You should come here too
Great food, music, and atmosphere! Loved it.
Amazing BBQ. Amazing ribs. The mac'n'cheese is ridiculously amazing. The hostesses are dumb as heck and always understate the waiting time, but it's well worth it for the food. The rib racks are huuuuuuge.
This was my kind of place.  A very nice selection of different beer... maybe 30?  I got the Tres Hombre, a variety plate of brisket, pulled pork, ribs, and some sides; it was also pretty good.
The first thing I noticed was the great selection of beers. I ordered the Carolina pulled pork sandwich platter with the mac and cheese and the BBQ beans. The sides were amazing beans have pieces of pork in them and the mac and cheese is actually a little spicy. I really enjoyed them both. I also tried the gumbo and corn bread, I'm a fan. The pork in the sandwich was only OK. I little dry and not very flavorful. I had to drown the meat in extra BBQ sauce. The sauce selection on the table was great. The kids meals are HUGE and only 5.99. Overall, it was good. I wish I had tried the brisket instead of the pork but I would go back for the side dishes and beer alone.
Don't know why people make a big deal about this place . Mehh at best.
Waited a half hour on a Sunday in April (not bad). I really didn't mind the wait, it gave me and my girlfriend a chance to look over the menu. We started off with the fried green tomatoes and the fried salmon fritters...also heard they're going to take the salmon apps off the menu...not sure why though, we loved them! I had the sampler platter and my girlfriend got the pulled pork sandwich. She was happy with hers and mine was good...for the most part. The pulled pork was good and the ribs were satisfactory but the brisket wasn't too good. It tasted overly cooked and really just tasted like smoke. I will come here again and I can see why so many people love it here. It's a great place for families, service/staff is great! Great beer menu. I guess I just can't help but think there's just better BBQ joints out there.
The food was good.  The service was great (and cute. She kinda looked like Zooey Deschanel).  But let's be fair - it's still in Rochester.
Um... it's just really good. Like, "I would rather eat here than have sex" good.  Go.
Fantastic for lunch! Big portions for your money and great food and atmosphere :)
Great BBQ. Pulled pork. Pour on the wan go tango. This is pulled pork. Might not have crispy skin, but hey, I'm giddy it was soooooo gooooood.
A very busy place. I won't even consider to go there during weekends becoz the wait can easily go up to 2hrs. I finally got to try it once for a girl's night out and it was delicious!! Love the BBQ ribs and everything. The ambiance is more like a sports bar, with A LOT OF BBQ STUFF. Parking is limited. I will happily say I am lucky if I get to park right beside the restaurant.
After reading the reviews, I had high hopes for Dinosaur BBQ, but was very disappointed.  To be fair, this review focuses mostly on the pork ribs; I didn't try any other entrees during my one visit.  I've eaten ribs in all the rib capitals of the US, including Memphis, St. Louis, Carolina, and even Texas (even though brisket is king).  And the ribs at Dinosaur don't compare with even the worst ribs I've eaten.  The meat was anything but fall-off-the-bone as I had to strain and pull to get anything off.  And when I did get it off, the texture was tough.  The sauce they use is flavorful, but nothing special.  The only reason this gets two stars instead of one was that the side dishes (slaw, beans, and fries) were quite good. Also, get there early, especially on weekends.  Got there at 5:15 on a Sunday (when the rest of downtown was dead) and the wait was still 45 minutes.
Took a shot at the 'Tres Hombres' special. Little piggy bits, with beef brisket strips and a 1/4 rack of ribs! choice of two sides (went with mac salad and corn). It was the perfect meal for soothing my soul after another crushing Sunday of watching the Buffalo Bills stink it up! It was easily the high point of my day. The ribs were especially good, and the brisket was nice and chard around the outside, nice and pink in the middle. Well made meal! Cheered me right up!
If you ever find yourself in Rochester (less affectionately known as "Rottenchester" to locals), you must seek out Dinosaur BBQ.  There are locations in Syracuse and NYC too (Syracuse was the original location).  It's a chain owned by bikers.  And there is nothing more amusing than watching a big burly Harley rider carry a highchair across the dining room floor for a little patron.   I'm not a big BBQ eater (doctor's orders), but the food here was good.  But then again, I don't eat enough of it to really make an accurate call.  Red, Hot and Blue, Famous Dave's, Memphis BBQ--they all taste the same to me.  But this place had enough atmosphere and great beer (Genny!!  All hail Genny!!) that to me, the food was secondary. The layout of the restaurant is airy, which is a good thing, given the fans of this place.
My first experience at this chain was in Rochester, New York, although at the time I didn't realize it's a franchise. Anyway, they've done a great job of creating a "joint" - blues music, decor, and of course the smell of bbq.   Great service.  Sides get five stars, but I was a little disappointed with the pulled pork.
This place is a must stop.  Food was amazing.  We were a big group of 10....drinks came fast and food was hot and served fast. I would recommend:  ANYTHING.  It's that good.
My favorite are the sides and the chicken wings in slathering sauce. Pulled pork always a good choice. The staff and management have always been friendly and very service oriented.
Rochester location is usually crowded, but this restaurant does offer catered portions for parties and events. I won't say it is the best BBQ I have had, but acceptable. Do expect everything to be spicy hot (including mac & cheese, corn and beans, as well as the BBQ'd meats). Their sauce is only fair and is also available at Wegman's chain grocery stores. I found the meat to be tender and good, but again on the spicy hot side. So if you can only handle mild foods, you might not want to eat here.
Go BBQ! I finally visited Dinosaur BBQ. No, they don't serve brontosaurus steak, but they do have excellent BBQ. I went with the Texas Brisket Plate with cajun corn (spicy and yum!)  and mashed potatoes with gravy. I loved the smoky burnt bits best on this brisket. I wish I had more of that. Eventually, I was dousing some of the brisket with bbq sauce. Anyway, I was really pleased with the Dinosaur. Might have to return when I'm back in Rochester. Great, friendly service too. Loved the blues music playing through the speakers. Cool nostalgia memorabilia.
I've already reviewed the location in NYC (West Harlem to be exact). The Dino BBQ in Syracuse I have yet to review. 2 out of 3 ain't bad though. Both locations are nearly identical in decor and in food. Dinosaur has a great selection of very well done BBQ dishes and is a real NY treat. Portions are a good size and portions are also reasonable. I don't care for their BBQ beans because they mess it up by putting too many ingredients like peppers and such but even that I can realize is done with care and has an authenticity to it. If you're feeling adventurous and you're by Dino BBQ during daylight hours swing around back and scurry on down to explore Rochester's abandoned subway system. If you want to go through the full couple mile tunnel bring a flashlight but most of the cool stuff including the amazing graffiti is in lit by plenty of daylight and within the first 1/4 mile or so.
I've noticed there are only two bad reviews in over 60 thus far for Dinosaur. One of those reviews was from an idiot, and the other was from someone who complained that BBQ food is better in Texas. Yes, if Dinosaur was geographically located in Texas, it would be a 2.5 -star BBQ joint. But it's not located in Texas. It's not even located in the New York City metro area, which at least has the diversity , population density and draw to maybe have attracted some authentic southern BBQ chefs. No, Dinosaur is in the middle of freakin' Rochester, the downtown urban portion nonetheless, where I've never even found one shred of decent food, let alone BBQ. Fact is, and this is coming from someone who has sampled BBQ in Texas, Louisiana, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Chicago, Boston, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, Maryland, Connecticut, etc, Dinosaur is the 2nd best BBQ restaurant in the entire Northeast (the best being Red Bones in Somerville, MA (Red Sox Suck!!! while I'm at it)). The meat is well smoked, the ribs are great, the portions are huge, the sides are awesome the prices are on the market, the service is great (after you wait hours for a table) and while you're waiting hours for your table you can grab one of a seemingly endless selection of beers from the bar, including Arrogant Bastard, a phenomenal and hard to find beer especially on tap. This is a 4.5 star BBQ place but I can't give it 5.0 stars, as that is reserved for the yet-to-be-reviewed-by-me Red Bones (since I haven't been there in 2-3 months). I will go to Dinosaur every time I'm in town!
This is a review of the catering take-out service.   Not wanting to take 14 people to a restaurant and deal with a loud place only to get terrible service (it's just not feasible to think you would get good service with such a large party), we decided that we would just do a take-out order from Dinosaur.  We ordered nearly 48 hrs in advance and considering it was graduation weekend for many colleges, I was surprised that they could accommodate the order.   We ordered the Mojito Chicken and BBQ Tenderloin, which were both fantastic.  There were no complaints from anyone.   They wheel your order out to your car if you pick it up and provide utensils, plates, serving ware, and a bottle of BBQ sauce. 4 stars for the near perfect experience.  1 off for the poor placement of food in the car trunk.  The liquids should have not been stacked and resulted in a little spillage.
Oh this is one of my favorite things in Rochester! I love love love the drunken spicy shrimp boil! I am also a fan of the fried green tomatoes, chicken wings, and catfish strips! I don't get to come here often which is a huge huge bummer. I was just in town for a weekend and didn't get to come by because I was tight on time and the lines were ridiculous. And let me tell you, the drive home was depressing. I felt like I had left my heart in Rochester.
I've only visited Dinosaur BBQ a few times...because everytime that I have gone there, it has been incredibly crowded! I've had their mac and cheese and Cuban sandwich, both were very good, and very filling. A lot of my co-workers when I worked downtown swore by this place and had lunch there religiously. I found Dino too expensive and too crowded to visit that often. They offer BBQ chicken, brisket, ribs, and sandwiches and an assortment of sides (corn bread, coleslaw, baked beans, mac and cheese, mac salad, etc.). What I love most about Dino is it's location. It is located right near the falls, above the old Rochester subway. The building almost seems carved out of a giant stone that has sat there for ages. Dinosaur hosts live music very often, so it's a great place to entertain guests from out of town.
Dinosaur is on my "must visit" list for Rochester trips. The food is amazing, all meats so moist and well-seasoned, and one of my favorite cornbreads in creation. And let's not forget the BBQ sauce. I'm always sad that I can't take some home with me in my carry-on, and I don't trust the stuff anywhere near my clothes in the main suitcase! The biggest downside is the parking lot/location. I rarely go downtown by choice, especially when I might have to arm-wrestle for a parking spot.
Oh Dinosaur!! RAWR! A staple foodie location all my friends stop to go to if they're in the area.. and unless I can find otherwise.. the best BBQ in the area. Portions are great, prices are average, and the food... just simply delicious. The ribs were cooked perfectly and their sauces are really good. Any foodie that loves BBQ needs to visit this place at least once. Perhaps not the best BBQ in the world.. but it's pretty up there in my favorite places to eat at.
It's tried and true. It's not the BEST BBQ ever - but it's pretty consistently great. Good portions and great service. I don't know how they stay so cheerful with the crowds. They do a really nice job on the fried green tomatoes. I like the cuke and tomato salad as a side, it's a nice contrast for fatty BBQ meats. I do wish the mac and cheese was a bit sharper and creamier. I find it bland and dry. The desserts are pretty great too. It's a fabulous place for a big group, and it's the only decent place within walking distance of the hotels around the convention center.
The service/ambiance - For those from B-lo think Pearl Street Grill meets Mooney's, but inside a super cool old train station with scenic water/bridge views nearby. Awesome, fast service even though they were really busy. Even though the place was packed you could still easily hear each other and navigate around. According to my bf, the Dino expert, you need to be here before 1pm on a Saturday to avoid a HUGE wait. We got there at like 12:45 and got one of the last empty tables - the door backed up really quickly after that. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. Food - Their bbq'd chicken and pulled pork were awesome, amazing bbq baked beans and mac. I've definitely had better greens (they were rather bland, though kudos for using turkey neck) and their ribs were not as tender and more fatty than I expect from a place specializing in bbq.  The cornbread was off somehow - I couldn't put my finger on it - it tasted good but the texture was odd. Drinks - My drink was pricey at $7.50, but pretty big and strong. It was called a Riverside Punch - which being from Riverside's neighbor Black Rock I had to try, although obviously they weren't referencing B-lo - a mixture of several liquors, juice, etc. Great with the food! Better than local Buffalo stuff? - Basically it's really good overall, offers some dishes local places don't have, and is way better than any chain BBQ I've tried (most chains in general really). It was also better than most of what Fat Bob's makes, IMHO the most overrated BBQ in the area, but I would intersperse it with my regular BBQ and southern food places like Kentucky Greg's, French Quarter, etc as they all offer different dishes and different takes on the same items. Suzy Q's house sauces are definitely better and I am OBSESSED with her sausage and Salty Hog dish, so I will still hit Suzy's a lot even after Dino makes itself known in Buffalo. I'm happy they are opening up downtown, where it won't hurt my homie Suzy's business. Best of luck to Dino in their new venture and thanks for thinking of the Queen City!
Overall, Dinosaur still holds serve at 4 stars, but my last experience with them was a little more underwhelming than before. You just have to wonder if the standard slipped a little bit because of the notoriety... I had the bbq sampler plate, which included brisket, 1/4 ribs, and bbq chicken. The plate's portion wasn't exactly something to write home about. Surprisingly, the best of the three was the chicken. It was a chicken thigh with an amazing crust with the skin...totally flavorful and had good crisp. The brisket was more disappointing, as I thought my prior experience with it was better. It wasn't as flavorful and not as tender. The ribs were passable, with good bbq sauce (not too much of it though), but the ribs were lacking in size. The sides were a good combination. The mac n' cheese was still spicy and creamy. The tomato and cucumber salad's tart vinegar dressing balanced the richness of the mac n' cheese. The cornbread was a little moist and still pretty small. Still a place you definitely need to go to whilst in Rochacha...
Dinosaur Serves Quick and Tasty BBQ Two Platters of Pulled Pork (pic uploaded) and Brisket sandwiches with two sides each was $21 for takeout including tax. Quick service take-out despite a busy Saturday nite Can recommend the BBQ beans and the cole slaw but not the Black Beans and Rice Next time would like to dine-in. Tip: Skip the convention dining spots, and walk 5 mins to Dinosaur BBQ on Court Street.
The food is great, although the "Carolina" pulled-pork uses western NC sauce.  If only they would add an eastern NC sauce (vinegar and pepper based).  They also need hush puppies.  However their dirty rice is phenomenal but it is only available on Wednesdays and it is NOT on the menu.  You have to ask for it.  BTW, I have only been to the one in downtown Rochester on the river.
I lived up in Rochester for 4 months for work and my coworkers would come every single week, I would join in once in awhile since I only ate seafood at the time. They had one fish item on the menu which was a catfish filet, the sides were always pretty good...they have pretty good mac and cheese, but I love mac and cheese. They have an extensive beer selection and you can get tasting flights which I liked alot, they also had live music on thursdays. There was always a wait and the place had alot of personality.
Very tasty BBQ fare for a reasonable price. Last time I was here I had a 3/4 rack (Leftovers !), and a few wings. The ribs were smokey and barely glazed in sauce which differs from a number of places I have been to. This then allows you to use Dinosaur's own selection of sauces which in the right amounts bring the ribs to another level. Other than the ribs, the fries I had for my side ( you get two choices) were not overly crispy but still not mushy. Expect to wait a while, but you can head to the bar and order up some wings to stay you over.
This place is so good that I start comparing it against "real deal" 'cue from Texas, Kansas City, Memphis and Chicago.   All 'cue places come down to the cue.  On that score, it was something it comes down to moisture and consistency, both of which, Rochesterians, sadly Dinosaur is a little inconsistent with. I had some great brisket, pink edged and moist. My son's was grey and dry. His ribs were tough as nails. Mine were again just about near perfect.  Some of that is cut of meat. Other is that I think his may have been the last this or that from earlier preps that had maybe dried out a little.  My chicken on the sampler plate was flavorful, but again, dry.   Poof. One star. The other thing that makes an EPIC 'cue joint is the sauce.  They're very proud of their barbecue sauces, but compared to say Rudy's in Texas or Bryant's in Kansas City or Carson's in Chicago, they have a little too much Carolina vinegar too them for my very subjective taste.   The medium "habanero" sauce isn't that hot, and the hot hot sauce is so hot that it obliterates flavor.   Someone needs to take a trip out to Dallas and hit a few places to get the feel for Texas twang that goes with that Texas sliced brisket and Texas toast.  Putting Carolina-style sauce on Texas meat is like slathering Ketchup on poached salmon. The ribs weren't bad, but putting some baby backs on the menu might not be the worst thing in the world.  They're a little leaner and meaner than the St. Louis style. Probably the best barbecue this far North that I've ever had, and, comparing you to the big guns nationally is more compliment than y'all know. The atmosphere in the place is real deal cue from the funky location to the memorabilia all over the walls. The place is wood and plastic table cloth and craft brews and music that ranges from New Orleans to Johnny Cash.  The service is awesome, and the sides are just wicked good. They are approaching perfection. It's just a sauce or two and a little more steam on the meat after cooking to keep it most away from that.
I once considered working here just to find out how they make their mashed potatoes. Loud music. Good food. Great environment. That's what makes this place so amazing. You don't feel like you're packed in to a box, but it's so loud that no one can really hear anyone else's conversations from table to table. Also, the Hell's Angels rent this place out for Halloween every year. The wait staff is friendly and fast, though they don't really love it when you show up with 14 college kids and all want to pay separately (who could blame them?). They're ribs and pulled pork are fantastic. Try the rice pudding!!!! It's got a slight twist on the original and is to die for! But only go for it if you can feel you can do so without busting your gut. The portions here are sizable and I don't think I've ever left without bringing a doggy bag home. They have a take-out pick-up area on the left when you walk in which is pretty fast if you don't want to wait for a table, which can take a really long time once it hits the dinner hour. Even during weeknights, this place is packed to the gills.
This place is cool. Prices very reasonable.  But there can be a wait(we waited for about 30min).  I like the selection of main entrees and sides but when we went they were out of a couple of items.  I was expecting huge portions but for a standard combo(chicken + ribs) I didn't think I got that much.  Still for the price I guess I could have ordered two items.  I gotta give props out to the location and look of the restaurant.   see more pics/write up google.com/buzz/10183988…
Dinosaur BBQ, is dope.  That's the end of it.  I salivate at the very thought of their pulled pork. Sometimes the wait here can be a few hours!  It gets packed really quickly, so plan ahead!  What I find interesting is that the NYC location, while considerably larger, is hardly ever filled to capacity.  I guess New Yorker's can't appreciate great barbecue!  Their loss!
LOVE IT!  Although my friends and I originally came for the ribs, it was actually so-so. BUT we had a great time.  The wait staff was EXCELLENT!!!   The sides were fantastic and I enjoyed the beer selections. My favorite aspect of this restaurant is that they open till 1am!  It is not common for Rochester to be opened that late! haha.   I recommend this to anyone visiting the town.  Great choice!
Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but this is not the same BBQ that I had at their Syracuse location. Ribs were more chewy than tender and had that tough crust on the top. The brisket was the WORST I have ever eaten...or, should I say, never eaten. I couldn't chew it. It had all this fat and gristle running through it. Sides were good. Wait staff friendly. Fun, funky building with spectacular view of the Genessee River. Wait until you are in Syracuse and try the Dinosaur there.
I recently traveled to Texas to try "the best BBQ in the country."  I went in the wrong direction ... Dinosaur is the best I've ever had ... very consistent ... ribs = great ... brisket = great ... pork = very good ... my friend said the chili was oustanding. Good enough to buy the t-shirt ... I'll be back if I'm ever in Rochester again.
Based on the yelp reviews and the recommendation of a local I came here with some colleagues when here on business.  On a Tuesday around 8:30 this place seemed really busy, we had a wait, but only about 10 minutes for a party of 3. We were seated in the bar area, the bar itself has tons of beers on tap and the whole atmosphere has lots of character with random... junk? hanging everywhere.  It was dark and kinda grungy looking, but nice. I ordered one of their samplers with chicken, brisket, and ribs. The brisket was just okay 3/5, nothing too special about them. The chicken, was juicy and lots of flavor 4/5. The ribs were really bomb, flavorful, and falling off the bone, really easy to eat. 5/5 Al the food wasn't too expensive and the location of this place seems cool, right next to a bridge and river from what I could see at night. This is some great BBQ by a California native standards, but I've had better elsewhere.  Still great place to come and great recommendation from a local.
So delicious! Be careful, it is always packed in here! If you are going at a prime hour or with a group larger than 4 you definitely should make a reservation. I was taking an out of friend here and a local friend recommended we try the fried green tomatoes...SO GOOD! I would definitely give them a try. Everything is really good so I recommend sharing as a table so you can try as many things as possible.   I've only been here 4 times...but one time the ribs were really dry and not very good...hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
Great service, good food, very crowded even on a Wednesday night.  I had the half chicken and it was good.  I was really hoping for more smoked flavor, but the sauce was really good.  I had fires and collard greens as sides, and they were so so.   The corn bread was really good.
HANDS DOWN THE BEST MACARONI SALAD EVER. The food is almost always worth the wait. You just have to know the best times to go, though. It's definitely not as busy during the colder seasons, for obvious reasons. I absolutely love their chicken philly cheese steak sandwich. It is so delicious! This place is a must for anyone visiting Rochester.
Dino BBQ is definitely worth the trip. I don't eat red meat but they have a selection of vegetarian items. Their cornbread is real good, too. Honestly, I do love this place, but it is not as good as Sticky lips!!
I've always heard good things about this place from folks that's lived in the Syracuse/Rochester area. The first time I went last year, I thought it was a good experience overall. I ordered the tres hombres and found the pulled pork to be the highlight of the dish. They were juicy, and the smoky taste was really surprising. I felt the ribs were okay and so was the brisket. I remembered the chilli to be insanely good and the corn bread was solid as well. Fast forward to about a month ago when I went with a larger group of people. We ordered the a family combo plus the big pork plate and ate family style. This time around the ribs and the brisket tasted way better for some reason. The pulled pork, chili, and corn bread, still crazy good. We even got to try the bbq chicken which was on BTIEA but I just thought it was okay. Maybe I'm just not a big fan of chicken BBQ in general? Overall, the restaurant is worth driving to even if you're all the way from Buffalo like I am at the present time. Be prepared for a long wait as 1-2 hours seems to be the norm. However, downtown Rochester is a really small area and you can walk around exploring while you wait to be seated.
Good eatin' in the neighborhood. This is def a good place to go when visiting Rochester. The meats were moist, the cornbread is awesome, and they have a good drink selection. I always get the la nina plate? I forgot what it's actually called, but it's a petite version of it's brother. Perfect amount of food for a gal like me. Get there early and park in the garage diagonal from the place. There is hardly any parking there and I wouldn't even bother trying to park in it's "lot".
Went here based on they yelp reviews.  Took a co-worker along for lunch.  Ordered the pulled pork sandwich along with the gumbo w/ rice/mac & cheese sides.  Also ordered coleslaw on the side. I wasn't that impressed with the pulled pork sandwich.  The bun was a bit chewy for my taste and it overpowered the sandwich and meat.   The gumbo/rice side dish was really good. The mac & cheese was ok.  I would still go here next time I am in the area, but my experience at other Rochester area restaurants was much better.
Omigosh!  Delicious.  Everything.  I had pork ribs, kale & black eyed peas, corn bread, tomatoes & cucumber salad, and key lime pie.  Tender, juicy, flavorful ribs.  The best corn bread I've ever had and my own recipe is unforgettable.  There was nothing to complain about here.  Excellent service.  The wait staff were all smiles, too.  I had a feeling it'd be good.  Missed the evening entertainment, but I was extremely pleased.   Oh, did I say I had Key Lime pie for dessert?  Yummy!  How many barbeque restaurants have a pastry chef on staff?
I was in town for business and the staff at the Hyatt told me that the Dinosaur was the place to visit for good comfort food. Carnivores prepare yourselves for plates of heaping portions of beef, chicken and pork slathered in Dino BBQ's infamous sauce. If you can't decide which animal you'd like to go with, you can order a combo of all three-- like a little farm on your plate. I recommend the ribs, pulled pork and chicken wings. The brisket was Ok, but not great. Smokque in Chicago wins that award! Overall experience: Fantastic! Try the devils duel sauce if you dare.
What can I say, the Dino has become an icon in Rochester.  In those dark days when I first moved to Rochester from Dallas, I found myself craving good barbeque, but there was nothing that came close until the Dinosaur opened it's doors in the old railway station that had been home to Carpe Diem.   The Dino has a biker roadhouse vibe with friendly waitresses and great smoked meat.  They have a pretty extensive draft beer menu, including their own house ale which goes down easy.  The menu is pretty extensive with many combinations avaiable which allow you to pair their excellent ribs with pulled pork, brisket or chicken.  The brisket is my personal favorite.  It is tender with a rich smoke flavor and makes a great sandwich.  I also recommend the cajun corn, spicy and buttery, I could eat a giant bowl if this all by itself.  It is just one of many delicious sides offered, I think about 20 in all.  The black beans and rice is also really good.  The pulled pork nachos are also an excellent choice, tender smoky chunks of pulled pork piled high on a mound of fresh chips with cheddar, jalapenos, olives and sour cream...it is a cheap mountain of food that is sure to satisfy. The location is great, just up the street from Blue Cross arena...a great place to congregate pre and post concert or hockey game, but can get super crowded and they dont take reservations.   There is an atm on site if you're short of cash.  I think these guys are still one of the best barbeque joints in Rochester, though I think Sticky Lips is perhaps a shade better.  Still, for downtown location, great live music, and an atmosphere that is friendly to both boisterous tables of adults and families with kids, Dino is a great choice.  They will always have a special place in my heart for being the first place in town to satisfy my Texas Barbeque longings.  Best time to visit is probably a weeknight, of after 830 on a weekend when the dinner rush has begun to clear out.
If you are looking for good BBQ in the northeast, this is your place. The brisket was tender, yet with a nice slight char, as it should. The pulled pork was perfect and tender. The baked mac and cheese was delicious and had a nice little punch of spice to it, yet not too much. The beer cheese soup was delicious and not bland as that also had a little kick to it. Our waitress was spot on and personable. Someone apparently messed up a round of cornbread, so we finally got it at the end of the meal, hot and fresh. What a treat, it should always come out that way, rather than with the meal.
Honestly I thought this place was a little over rated. Food was okay. Macaroni and cheese didn't have much flavor besides a ton of pepper being sprinkled over the whole dish. Presentation: awful. Reminiscent of a garbage plate. Would not go back. I hear it also gets ridiculously crowded at times too. Not interested. Pass.
Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Went to Undergrad in Rochester for 4 years, and I never went there until my Junior year. It's one of the things I miss quite a bit about Rochester... The ribs are great, the wings are great, the tri-tip is great, the sides are all some of the best you'll ever have. Particularly, the Mac-N-Cheese (seriously...amazing!), the Corn, and the Baked Beans. The Pulled Pork sandwich with the Portobello Mushroom sandwich is seriously to die for. The wait is long, so if you can call ahead, you definitely should. Highly recommend it!
I know the place is known for their BBQ, but I travel by myself and sometimes do not get the luxury of a fridge in my hotel room.  With that being said, I did not order the BBQ because it looked like I would not have finished it all and I hate leaving food on the plate. I ordered their portabello burger with grilled zucchini and squash on top.  There was also an alternative option to add meat, but the grilled zucchini was calling me.  For sides, I got the green tomato soup and mac and cheese. The burger was yummy.  I usually like to eat meat with my meals, but that porto burger hit the spot.  The soup was amazing.  I could've just eaten a big bowl of the soup and would've walked out happy. I was really looking forward to the mac and cheese since I read a couple good reviews about it, but I didn't like it.  It did not hit the right cheesy note; it felt like it was missing an oomph.
I am from Syracuse and love DBQ. The Rochester location is not as good. The ribs where on the dry side. NEVER happened in Syr. and I have eaten there over 100 times. The interior is nice and unique seeing it was once a train station. The one in Syr. is better.
There are 3 places I try to go when I come home to visit the folks: -Dinosaur BBQ Pork plate -a trash plate at whichever venue is convenient -Pontillo's pizza That's about it. I've even brought the dino's food back on the plane with me!  Sadly, I gave it to my girlfriend who I'm sure under-appreciated it.  It's gotta hurt to be the people sitting around me suffering the wonderful smell of bbq in a closed cabin.
A little overhyped, but still good!
This is a barbecue institution.  I am ready to be institutionalized. Love their sides. I can do dinner just eating side dishes. Add a beer from one of their extensive list and you thought you went to heaven.
After driving back from the Niagara Falls we decided to stop here and try this so called famous BBQ place. I can tell you from now that we were not disappointed. After waiting about 45 minutes to get a table we opened the menu and it looked impressive. Huge beer selection and all kind of different combos to satisfy almost anyone. I picked the house sampler which comes with 1/4 rack of ribs, whole chicken leg, beef brisket, 2 sides, corn bread and all that for $15. The ribs were very tasty, the beef brisket was melting in my mouth and the sauce was the perfect touch to everything else. I know I have to try the BBQ in Texas but till then this is the best BBQ I ever had! Hands down! Next time I am in town I know where I will stop for lunch and dinner.
Oh, I hope I can get back to Rochester for more of this! As a Texan, I know how to appreciate good meat! And this place made me feel like I was IN Texas, and not upstate Noo York! I had the original pulled pork sandwich. It was very tasty. Loved the sauce! For sides I had fries, which were crisp and skin-on and very tasty. I also had their chili. It was more like chili cookoff chili and less like chili you would get at a restaurant, so hats off to that!!! I did have to spice it up, however. I guess they have to cater to the quieter palettes of the Yankies. Also enjoyed the atmosphere and the prompt, thorough service. They have a sign out front that confused me. It read, "Scoop on Parking..." What the eff is scoop on parking? I finally realized it should have read THE scoop on parking. Isn't that how normal people would say it? But I walked from my hotel, any way. Wish I'd had the develed eggs and wish they'd had plain old pecan pie. Oh well. Next time!
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!! I usually love this place and the food is always always great. The last time I went here I was with 3 other people and we decided to go after a Knighthawks game. We waited a while for a seat which is not unusual, but they sat us in the bar area, with drunk people falling all over our table and the loudest music EVER. There was no way I could have a conversation with my friends let alone enjoy myself. I had to YELL to give my order to the waitress. After we ordered there was a couple that came from the bar and sat at the end of our table and ate their meal. They didnt wait for a table but invaded on our group, the waitstaff said nothing to them like it was completely okay that this happens. I paid at least $15 per meal for two of the 4 people in my group and got the worst experience of my life. When I got home I went on the website for Dinosaur and expressed my concerns and offered up suggestions, like asking if its okay to be put in the bar area or reserving that area for bar go-ers. I received NOTHING back. No apologies for the poor service or acknoweldgement that I attempted to give suggestions and not just complain. THIS IS BAD BUSINESS, to treat a customer like this is appaling, I will never return to this establishment because my voice was not heard by them. I would rather go to Sticky Lips where I have never had a bad experience and the food is just as good.
One of my favorite places.  Fantastic fall off the bone ribs.  Not too saucy.  Slow cooked and smokey.  Everything I have had here has been excellent.  Usually a band at night. In warmer weather it's a must for Harley enthusiasts where you might find 30+ bikes parked in their tiny lot.  It's a kick ass honky tonk.  Tons of great beer on tap.  Wait staff is always good & bartenders are on top of things and super friendly.  Did I mention this is one of my favorite places?  Downside; expect a wait of 30-60 min.
The Good: More interesting options than your typical BBQ joint, including the best BBQ fish I've had. The Bad: Sometimes I've loved the atmosphere; other times I've been annoyed by how noisy it gets inside. Times Gone: ~5 Usually Order: Pulled Pork
Came in for a late night drink and food for a friends B-day.  Had some brisket, it was amazing.  The Mac and cheese was perfect!! Crunchy on the top but not dried out underneath.  The coleslaw was good, not my favorite but better than most.  The wango tango BBQ sauce was so good I had some shipped to my inlaws for Xmas!!   Would come here all the time if I lived here!
I went here again this weekend and had an amazing meal. My brother was visiting and we were both starving, so we decided to go here. I'm gonna be craving Dino all the time now. Their Mac and cheese is so delicious, I can't even express it in words. My pulled pork really hit the spot and the fries were really good too. They also have a pretty long beer list with a lot of local brews. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the corn bread that came with my meal, it needed honey or something sweet on top of it. Dino can be a little hectic. We came in around 4:25 on a Saturday and had to wait about a half hour for a table. As we left around 5:30, the place was pretty much mobbed and the noise level was high. If that doesn't bother you, definitely come here for a meal...you will not be disappointed.
When considering where to go for my residency, I said to my wife, "I will only move somewhere with a Dinosaur BBQ," and using this as my only consideration for selecting where to complete my medical training (totally reasonable), I ended up in Rochester.  But seriously, the pulled pork here is the best I have had anywhere, and even the chicken is great (I know, who orders chicken at a BBQ restaurant, but to maintain my credibility, I only order it when getting combination plates that have hella pork on them).  Love their different sauces, and the bar is great with a good beer selection.  Very busy on the weekends, so I would be careful if heading there if there's any events downtown.  They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more.
What is there to say about Dino that hasn't been said before? First I will say that I came from NYC. The Dino there doesn't compare to this one. The rochester is the best hands down! The place is in an old train station. With the assorted motorcycles out front and the busy decorations-you know you have come to a happening place. Not to mention that the place is always busy. It's best to get a reservation if you are rolling in on the weekend otherwise you have at least an hour wait. I love ribs. But Dino ribs are seriously an orgasm in your mouth. Tender and flavorful, really it's not fair because they spoil you for any ribs in the future. The sides are great too. The A F Chili (awesome fucking) is one if my favorites. Also love the Cajun corn. I could eat here every night. If you have room, the home made deserts are great too. I love the peanut butter pie. Ribs!!!! Go there now!!!!
I was on a business trip and I felt like barbeque.  My colleague recommended this Dinosaur BBQ.  It did not disappoint!  The service was great!  The food was exceptional!  I had the Tres Hombres.  What a trio!  I will definitely seek this chain whenever I am in the mood for barbeque again.
I was visiting from out of town and was told I needed to check this place out. I ordered the sweetheart pork rib combo. It came with a full rack of ribs, corn bread, mac n cheese, coleslaw, bbq beans, and fries. Everything was delicious, especially all of their BBQ and hot sauces. As a side note, someone in our party ordered mashed potatoes and they were not thrilled with them.
Everything is good here. Everything.
Great food and a fun place to take out of town guests. Gets crowded and a little chaotic, but it's part of the experience.
After trying other locations, this is still one of our favorites - love the location and the ambience.  The sauces are delicious - wango tango and garlic chipotle would be good served on an old boot.  The deluxe fried green tomatoes we still talk about even after we have left.  Can be a long wait at night and on weekends, but good local craft beer selection and the wait staff is pretty easy on the eyes :)
Went to Dino BBQ with friends the other night.  We had a fairly long wait, but there is a large waterfall/dam combination just around the corner from the restaurant that is pretty cool to watch.  You don't get a pager or signed up on a "we'll page you list" so you need to make sure you come back in time to hear your name being called (one of the downsides in my opinion) I had the swag sampler platter and the 1/4 rack of BBQ Pork Ribs with Simmered Turkey Neck Collard Greens and Cheese Ale Soup along with the DINOSAUR SMOKED PORTER. They have a restaurant AND beer menu online which was up to date.  We were seated I think before the waiter was ready for us to be there.  He was running around a little bit.  They were out of crayons :( My Swag Sampler arrived with the meal (which was good since no one else got appetizers) Spicy Shrimp Boil: eh.  It was okay.  Most of the seasoning stayed on the shell.  They were kinda hard to peel and eat.  I'm not really sure why. Wings: I went with the servers suggestion of the Garlic Chipotle (which I was a little nervous about since I'm generally not a fan of Chipotle).  It was AWESOME.  Fantastic flavor and just the right level of spice for me.  The wing had been smoked before cooking. Fried Green Tomatoes: It was my first time having fried green tomatoes.  These were very tasty and crisp.  Definitely willing to have again :) Deviled Egg: WOW.  This was fantastic.  The yolk/filling was very creamy and a fantastic texture.  Delicious. BBQ Pork Ribs: These were great.  Very tender and the right amount of fall off the bone.  The spices worked very well with everything. Greens: OMG.  These were FANTASTIC.  I haven't had greens this good in YEARS.  This alone would make the trip worthwhile. Cheese Soup:  Very tasty.  A little thinner than I prefer, but still a nice smooth mouthfeel.  It had a little bit of spice and you could taste the backbite of the ale. Things I snitched off of other plates: Mac&Cheese:  VERY, VERY, VERY creamy.  Dense.  A side would be way more than what I would want to eat of it (but I would enjoy every delicious second of it.  I would spend a lot of time savoring each bite. Bar-B-Que Beans:  They were fine, but not something I am going to get as a side.  I can get beans like this at home. Cajun Corn: Not worth it (at least not for me) Cornbread (came with the meal): Is a split between Southern and Northern style.  It's a little richer and denser than Southern usually is.  I would have liked butter or honey to put on it.  Worth getting, but not as rich and dense as I like.  It's a good compromise cornbread though.
I am a chicken tenders kind of guy and there chicken tenders were good but not the best. But overall liked Dinosaur BBQ
Even on s busy night, we got great service and he food was prepared very well. We were really surprised at how cheap a large meal for two was. Highly recommended!
If you love to rip meat off the bone, this is the place for you! Place is lively with loud music on a Tuesday night with people streaming in at 9pm. I look across the restaurant and there's a 1940's poster of women in prison...charming! Wish we had this kind of place in SoCal, but then it'd probably never feel or look like this place. Asked the server about what's good and she said, everything! I really had to believe her. The BBQ pork, ribs, and the brisket were awesome. The only downside was the cajun corn, but there was so much food, I really didn't need a second side anyways. Getting the right mix of the spicy garlic sauce and the BBQ sauce is tricky, but worth it when dipping everything into it including the black beans and rice. This was one place where I felt like if someone saw a bit of sauce on my face, I wouldn't be embarrassed to say I was just at Dinosaur BBQ!
Went to this restaurant to experience the brisket everyone raved about they had an awesome location and the place was decorated very uniquely. I ordered the brisket sandwich and tried their different sauces. While the brisket was good, it's hard to compare to the Texas brisket I've had in the past. The homemade baked beans were great and we had good service. A place to try for the atmosphere and a little fun
Every single time I'm in town, it is an unwritten rule that I go to have a meal at Dinosaur BBQ.  For a fair price I get a huge plate of BBQ meat and sides.  Add a local or nearby micro brew beer and I leave stuffed and oh-so-happy! I would highly recommend this place to any Barbecue fans who have not been here yet.
Amazing BBQ. Great beer on tap. I'm probably going to come here every time I'm in Rochester.
Are you kidding me?  Let me say this first - the portions at this place were unreal.  Share! - and don't over-order unless you're taking the leftovers home. I went to Dinosaur with 6 friends and my wife while attending a wedding down the street at the convention center.  Some of my friends from the Rochester area said that Dinosaur was a must have before we left back to NJ. I am glad we went to Dinosaur - the food was definitely best BBQ places I have ever eaten at.  We ordered so many things - that nothing specific stands out.  Everything was just great BBQ. We ordered Fried Green Tomatoes as an appetizer - and it was as good as I remember it being in the south. For sides - we had: - Mac & Cheese - heavy, but great M&C - Cajun Corn - perfect flavoring - Chili - didn't try it - but my friends liked it - Cole slaw - doesn't stand out I ordered the Pork BBQ Sandwich (Carolina style) which was huge, extremely flavorful and very memorable.  I probably only ate a third of the sandwich - but I remember that it was definitely worth ordering.  The sauce was awesome. After you visit Dinosaur - make sure you go for a run afterward.  I probably gained 5 pounds!
I personally like the casual laid back atmosphere.  The smell as you approach the restaurant is out of this world.  Service is a 4 out of 5, the employees all appear to have smiles on their faces and The food is a definite 4 out of 5. My only problem is I always get the same thing when I go, I really need to try other dishes to see if I enjoy those as much as the one I usually get.
Great bbq....good people good local... I love the people and the ambiance .  Nkce specials.
Not the best, but not the worst. The brisket and pork was pretty good. The ribs and wings were mediocre. The portions were good. The sides Mac and cheese, corn, slaw, and beans were nothing to write home about. Sweet potato pecan pie tasted store bought. Maybe good bbq for New York but not great.
This Dino BBQ Is better than the Syracuse one which is hard to believe I know! The Dino does the best Ribs, pulled pork, chicken.....they just do the best barbecue ever. Nothing compares to this and every time I have barbecue anything I am just disappointed because it's never as good as the Dino. Every time I go I get a bottle of Wango Tango sauce to bring home and I put it on EVERYTHING because it's the best sauce. The wait is long sometimes but it's ALWAYS worth it. I would wait 2 hours for their food if I had to and it'd be worth it. The service is always bang on even at the busiest of times which is crazy awesome. Will be going to the Dino for years to come!
Love this place, always consistently good BBQ with a fun atmosphere. A Rochester staple.
I love this place!  Ahhh great service, great food, and just great times!  I have been here three times already just in Rochester.  There is another one in Harlem.  If you like ribs, steak, or pulled pork, then here is the place to be.  They have 3 delicious sauces to flavor any meat/vegetarian dish.  It is so amazing!
Every time I mention to people that I go to Rochester for work, they never fail to tell me that I HAVE to go to this place for dinner. So I went over there and even waited 45 minutes for a table and was not disappointed- all three times I've been there now. I always get the combo plate because I can never decide what to get. Everything is awesome but I would have to say that the brisket is my favorite. And don't forget to slather everything up with their spicy bbq sauce!
My friend and I stopped off at Dinosaur BBQ on our way through Rochester mainly for a visit to Trader Joes. It hit the spot. They have several bbq and hot sauces from which you can add to enhance your dish. My favorite bbq sauce was the Wango Tango, favorite hot sauce was the chipotle garlic, and I pretty much added the dry spice rub to everything. We ordered the tres hombres platter (ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket) to share and started with the fried green tomatoes. The fried green tomatoes were good but had a breadcrumb coating like that of mozzarella sticks at any chain type restaurant. I've had them before at other restaurants where it's usually lightly battered and doesn't feel as unhealthy as it should. I've been to several BBQ joints all over the country and its usually the brisket that comes out too dry - not the case here. The brisket did have some slices that were more tender and marbled than the rest but it was all very moist. The pulled pork was flavorful and smokey. The meaty ribs were actually my least favorite of the three due to slight toughness, but still enjoyable. For sides, we ordered the Mac n cheese and cole slaw. I don't usually like Mac and cheese but this was one of the best - cheesy, creamy, and topped with the dry rub adding another layer of flavor. A unexpected treat was the delicately moist cornbread which tasted homemade. Dinosaur BBQ lives up to the hype and would probably go back for the pulled pork and brisket.
This place has some pretty solid barbecue offerings up north. Although this isn't the original (the one in Syracuse is), the popularity of the chain has locations springing up all over the place, as well as in Gowanus and Harlem! This one kind of looks like a biker bar, but don't let that intimidate you! They have a decent selection of beer on tap here, including Brooklyn Brewery stuff! Their pork ribs are definitely what you should go for here, as they are always perfectly smoked and fall-off-the-bone tender. Their fried catfish strips are a great way to start a meal, as are the fried green tomatoes. My buddy got the Dino Poutine once (started at the Gowanus location if I recall correctly) and it was okay, but definitely not a real poutine experience. I'd skip it. I'm not going to lie, I usually get the Sampler Extreme when I come (half chicken, half rack, and brisket). Time to be fat! The chicken is super well cooked and really juicy. I think they're as good as Sticky Lips is, but Sticky Lips has the edge in my book when it comes to the brisket and beef ribs. The service is always very good. Definitely come by and enjoy a great meal, some beers, all with a great view of the Genesee River! Tip: I think they take reservations for parties of 6 or more, though that may have changed.
A must stop when in Rochester ...  Food is amazing
Meat has a nice smokey flavor. Chicken and brisket was tender and delicious. I like my ribs with a little more meat on them, but they had a good flavor. Pork was a little dry, but put BBQ sauce on it and you are good to go. I had the small sampler plate and added pork, so I got to try a little of everything. Mac and cheese was delicious and I don't really like Mac and cheese. Cucumber and tomato salad was a nice lighter side that was refreshing.
As always this is a staple and as always the food was awesome. The server was great (Yella) on top of everything. Best server we have ever had. We now request to sit in her section every time we go now.
When people from out of town come here this is the place usually people say they need to goto for food. I think dinosaur (based out of Syracuse originally) is a great BBQ but it is not as good as sticky lips or Beale street in some ways which are two other contenders on the BBQ scene here. I think Dino does pulled pork real well but the side dishes are not as good as the other two joints. The atmosphere of this place is great as well though with great blues bands on a regular basis. Great place to dance on weekends if you like west coast swing and blues dancing but the crowd is older.
Man! This place rocks! Not only do they have a great band playing blues music, but their food is Awesome! I had the 1/2 rack of ribs with the Mac and Cheese and Baked Beans. All was great and a wonderful experience. This is a Must Go To Place!
We had a great meal here the other day. My parental units were in town and we took them there for dinner. They shared a BBQ Rib platter; they said it was delicious; flavorful and tender. We shared two appetizers - the deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes. The flavor of both were awesome, and both were unexpectedly and wonderfully spicy. And the portions were huge so we had leftovers to take home. Hubby had the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, he said it was one of the best he's ever had. It came with a side of Mac & Cheese which was rich, gooey scrumptiousness. I had a dinner salad with their house dressing (Bleu Cheese & BBQ sauce) - So. Good. Fresh veggies. Yummy dressing. Boom. And I had a side of rice & beans... also a home run. Great service and we miraculously found a random free parking spot nearby. Good all around.
We were in town for work and had to stop at this well-known establishment.  The food is awesome.  It was very crowded and a bit on the noisy side.  I would recommend reservations.  It is an absolute must-do if you are in Rochester, NY!
When my floormates and I start to feel the symptoms of malnutrition under the unforgiving iron fist of our university dining plan, we suck it up and make the walk to Dinosaur. The one meal that we come here for every 2 months or so is so huge and so chock full of protein that we don't need to come here for another 2 months. Just kidding -- I'd come here every day, granted if I had two more stomachs to help me with the job. Their pulled pork is a godly balance of chewy/tender and is slathered and then slathered again in BBQ sauce, just the way you'd want it after starving through midterm hell. They've even got bits of meat and BBQ sauce in their beans. This restaurant is seriously my happy place. Make sure to call in for a reservation before coming though. If not, you'll be sitting outside the restaurant for 45 minutes as the Rochester weather WAILS on you, softly sobbing to yourself as you wait for the wooden gates of rib-eye heaven to call you in... I swear, if I had to see another waitress carry someone else's big plate of brisket right over my face while I was still waiting to be seated, I would've tackled someone for their food. ;)
Best BBQ in Rochester. What makes this place a real gem is the cross-section of people you can find there on any give night. For a business that markets itself as a biker bar, you will see families with young children, college students, and businessmen in suits. This is how you know that you are eating as some place special, everyone goes there! My only gripe is that after having been to the one in NYC, I was saddened to see the menu is not as extensive at the Rochester location.
Coming from the South, we're blessed with some of the best BBQ joints around.  Die to some travel snafus while on vacation up north, we ended up in Rochester.  We had a long drive ahead of us and there was no way I was doing fast food served up at some interstate exit.  Yelp to the rescue. We saw the great reviews for Dinosaur BBQ and they were well deserved.  Sandwiches were phenomenal, my oldest's ribs scored, the hot sauces and BBQ sauces were all terrific, and even the sides rocked (great frickin' mac and cheese). Fun decor inside and out, great bar area with some live blues...ended up being an unexpectedly awesome start to our trip.  In sure all the locals know about this place, but if you're not from the area and your travels bring you to Rochester, go here
My favorite BBQ joint in Rochester, and joint is definitely an appropriate word. Funky and friendly staff, mixed with vibrant decor, a veiw of the Genessee River, and bluesy music, make the fabulous food even more of an experience. My favorite dish is the ribs, with sides of chili and macaroni and cheese. The cornbread is fabulous, also. If you like pulled pork, the Big Ass Pork Plate does not disappoint. The baked beans as a side are also very tasty. Usually a long wait, but the arena is nearby, so on game nights it's expected. During the summer, order takeout, and you can sit across the street at the tables in front of the library. I have never been disappointed by a Dinosaur BBQ meal, and can't say enough about how delicious this place is.
Very good food. Really like the ribs and pulled pork. Great coleslaw. Great selection of beer. Excellent staff. Got the small combo for lunch for about 20 bucks, along with a soda. Really like the atmosphere. I am very happy to recommend this place to anyone who likes good smoked BBQ.
I didn't review Dinosaur Bar-B-Que while we were living in New York. I never really thought about doing it then. I lived in Oklahoma for years and sampled barbecue from Tennessee to Texas. However, I must say that this is some of the best barbecue food I've ever eaten. Best item on the menu: the Pork-sket sandwich. The combination of pulled pork, brisket, coleslaw, and cheese jalapenos is a taste of heaven. We lived in Amherst, which is a suburb of Buffalo, but would drive for 1.5 hours just to eat this sandwich. The mac and cheese is pretty tasty but I would've loved it as I love this sandwich had it been topped with Panko crumbs or something to add a little bit of texture. My husband and I talk about how much we miss this restaurant every time we have a craving for some really good barbecue. This place is a must if you are visiting Rochester or Syracuse and have a penchant for good barbecue food.
My first meal since I moved to Rochester. I've heard so much about this place from the locals and was ready for them meat sweats! Ordered the sweetheart deal for 2 which comes with a full rack and 4 sides and the NY flight. The flight was really good (ipa, honey brown, porter, and a black raspberry ale) - my favorites were the honey brown and the black raspberry. Ribs: It's comparable to Phil's in SD, but with less sauce and a bit more dry. I really liked how there were a variety of hot sauces at the table! Sides: corn, beans, mac n cheese, coleslaw and cornbread. All good, especially the beans and the corn. The cornbread is a bit on the dry side, but goes really well with the beans! Wasn't too crowded since we arrived just before the dinner crowd and service was great! Good views of the river too! The carnivore in me was satisfied :)
Showed up at 0430 on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was already packed, which shows how popular this place is.  Should expect a wait pretty much anytime you show up. Once seated, service was good.  Michelle was very attentive, kept the drinks topped off.  Food delivery was a little slow, but I attribute that to the business, and the fact that I showed up hungry.   Had the sausage and cracker appetizer.  It was good, but portion is very small for the price.  Dinosaur's sausage is VERY good, slightly spicy. For my entree I had the Laredo combination (ribs, brisket, and sausage).  The brisket was a dry brisket (Texas style), and very good.  Ribs were wet, and also superior.  I had mac and cheese and fries for the side, and they were fine.   Very good BBQ place, especially for it being upstate NY.  This is quality I would normally only expect in the south.  Well worth the wait.
Live music, bikers, amazing staff.. and the food is amazing.. i've traveled to Rochester twice in my life, both times stopping at Dino-BBQ...   Besides the great Brisket .. my favorite.. and it's super weird to say this for a BBQ joint: their Deviled Eggs.. wow! love their NYC place
Best BBQ in Rochester hands down
After just coming back from a business trip in Austin, I was a bit skeptical when my sales rep informed me this was his selection for dinner.  Suffice to say, I was very pleasantly surprised. There was a wait even on a random Tuesday night and there was a decent beer selection.  When we finally were seated, we started with the smoked wings.  Great flavour and texture - great take on the classic.  They were out of the hot links unfortunately so I went with the Tres Hombres instead.  It was messy and a ton of food but absolutely delicious.  The brisket was not as good as in Texas but the ribs were meaty and the sauce complemented it well. Excellent BBQ place.
Had dinner here after visiting the University of Rochester with my son.  Except for the wait to get a table, everything was great.  Friendly service, plentiful portions and the best barbecue either of us have ever tasted!  We're going to try their new restaurant in Stamford, CT, which is closer to us.
My first time at Dinosaur BBQ was also my first time at a BBQ in general, eating ribs, in Rochester etc.. So it's safe to say I am definitely no expert. BUT considering all the hype surrounding it I still found it pretty good. Me and one other split the Sweetheart BBQ- one full rack of ribs, cornbread and four sides (we got Mac & cheese, Cajun corn, beans and chili). The only side we didn't enjoy was the chili, as it wasn't very flavorful and didn't add much to the meal. I asked the waiter to recommend a local beer and he brought us Scotch Ale, which went great with the food. He was definitely very knowledgable and attentive and made us laugh a few times. Overall a good experience, I'd definitely go back!
Epic.  That's like seriously all you have to know.  First time ever here for me was in 2008 and my recent visits have only made me want to ensure I write a 5 STAR review!
Everything I got was beyond amazing and my waiter answered all my questions about the menu very easily.
Great bar-b-que, though I won't say best I've ever had (we have some pretty amazing smoked bar-b-que places in Colorado and have had some great bar-b-que in Angel Fire, NM and in Dallas, TX).  The baked beans were amazing and would love to have the recipe!  Wait was long, but worth it, and a must try in Rochester.  Sat outside and watched all the spiders working on their webs while we ate.  Otherwise, atmosphere was very cool - great music, casual and easy going fun place.
Always perfect and consistent. The absolute best Smoked, BBQ Wings and we always get the wonderful homemade Ranch. I love the Brisket and has ruined me for any other brisket - it melts in your melt and careful - You WILL crave it. I love the Cole slaw, mac salad, beans and fresh cut fries as sides. The corn bread is sweet and moist. They are reasonably priced and service is always great. This is the best place to eat in Rochester - Couldn't say enough good about it.
Very, very good for a northern chain trying to cover multiple styles of southern bbq.  The baby backs were delicious, the pulled pork was scrumptious and the brisket was extremely tasty.  My only criticism is that none was as good as the best of each that I've had at small, out of the way places in assorted places in the south.  That being said, you won't find any better north of Virginia.   Dinosaur also has a first class beer list and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The cost is surprisingly reasonable as well.
This is the BEST BBQ I've ever had outside of Kansas City! Our family went back two nights in a row to enjoy as many items on the menu as we could. We were NOT disappointed.  First night, I had a pulled pork bbq sandwich. The second night, I tried some sort of mexican soup topped with small tortilla strips. My taste buds were dancing!  Every.single.thing. on this menu ROCKS. If you're in Rochester, this is the ONE "not to miss" restaurant!
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que has become a dining institution in Rochester, along with places such as Nick Tahou's  and The Pelican's Nest. People go there as much for the atmosphere as they do the food. It's a casual place that provides a nice view of the Genesee River, though it can get crowded at times with parking on the street or a short walk away across from the Blue Cross Arena. The ribs and cornbread are particular favorites of mine. As far are Rochester barbeque goes Dinosaur is my second favorite destination, just behind Famous Daves.
Pretty mediocre experience overall. I dont know what I expected from New Yorkers making bbq but the brisket was chewy and the sauce was pretty bland. Service was okay food was less so, definately not worth the ridiculous price of $9.00 for what appeared to be a half pound sandwich. This place is pure hype I suspect most of their business is from the bar, but its the only Ny bbq ive tried so it might actually be the best this state has to offer. Would have been 4 stars if it was affordable, as that would be the only plausible excuse to eat it.
The Carolina sandwich was delicious and tender. It didn't lack flavor but I dipped some of the pulled pork in the Wango Tango sauce as advised by a Rochester native.. sooo good. The mac and cheese with the Cajun Foreplay spice is a must have as well as the fried green tomatoes. The service was excellent and the beer list is impressive. My husband and I planned to try the famous Dino Poutine but had absolutely no room after our large portion meals. My only regret is going before getting ready for a wedding.. Food coma.
Delicious BBQ , and great service !  However, they need to clean the place up a bit, and not have the tables, chairs, floors, and condiment containers all sticky, greasy, and feeling unclean.
They're always great for a quick meal - but their catering is phenomenal... we recently used them for an office party - Carly was great setting things up - and the guys that showed up (I apologize for not remembering their names) were awesome. Very professional service both back office and front line.
Wasn't impressed.  If you are big on two ugly women making out with an ugly dude at the table next to you, THEN THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU.  The food wasn't good enough to have to watch that.  And I understand that's not exactly the fault of the establishment.   But I haven't been back since.  Couldn't even tell you what I got, had lost my appetite by that point.
Great beer selection.  Delicious seasoned ribs and cornbread. Pumpkin cheesecake was incredible.
Food was great. Waiters were very friendly and good at providing advices. Atmosphere very nice because of the blues concert. Good place to go
Dino BBQ has been delivering quality and extremely delicious BBQ and food now for years.  There pulled pork, ribs, brisket, fresh cut fries, the chili which is extremely good, is incredibly delicious. The chicken wings and the delicious BBQ pulled pork nachos they have at Dino are also out of this world delicious.  Let me tell you, these are not just appetizers either, you can get an order of these for a very reasonable price and the wings and nachos a piece server a good 3-4 people. I cannot rave enough about this place because the food is that good.  I have been here dozens of times and still, even after moving out of the Rochester, NY area, Dino is always consistently delivering amazing BBQ.  The sauce they have to is unbelievable, so unique.  Dino also has a great craft beer selection both in bottle and on tap.  They also proudly represent local beers from the Upstate NY area as well.  This is also a great biker joint as well, in the summers, you will see some incredible bikes that are definitely a head turner.  In all, Dino BBQ in the ROC gets it done again and again. Make sure you bring an appetite to this place because you will want to try everything. This place is a true legend in the Rochester, NY area!
A very nice pub with full of energy crowd and people around....They serve nice food too but very sad no options for veggi... :( :(:(
We didn't have a wait on a summer Saturday afternoon (at least to sit inside). The food was great, as was the atmosphere. I did get a fruit salad instead of the fries I'd ordered as a side, but they brought the fries right out (SO GOOD), so our table just got got a free (yummy) fruit salad. We had two burgers, which both diners said were great, and my BBQ chicken sandwich was delicious too. They also had some unique side options, like broccoli casserole and cucumber and tomato salad. The entree with two sides ended up being too much food for some of us - the one side option would have been better (you can get no sides too) - but it was nice to try several things since they were so good! The cucumber tomato salad with a vinaigrette did have a bit of a strong kick to it (and I love vinegar and vinaigrettes), but the pitcher of root beer helped with it.
I'm not sure I've ever written a restaurant review before devoted entirely to awful customer service, but here goes... I called Dinosaur yesterday at around 3pm to enquire about hosting a large group ( ~50 people). I tried to ask several questions to the person from Dinosaur (sounded like a young lady, can't remember her name), but found her to be incredibly rude, abrasive, and condescending. I have truly never had someone talk to me in such an insulting way before. I don't know if she is one bad apple or if Dinosaur is so complacent that they feel they can treat potential customers like crap, but much to my regret, I will not be taking my business here .
SOOOOOO GOOOOD. with a group of 6 on a saturday, we waited an hr and a half, but we all agreed it was worth it. the service was fast once we sat and everything that came out was mouthwatering. loved the variety! i had chili and deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes and my man got to chow down on ribs and pulled pork and he finished every last bite.
Ok Check the LEGENDARY Dinosaur BBQ off the list of places to go.  I am very happy i went here.  BUT was not fully happy with the outcome.  I came here for BRISKET! What i ended up liking out of my Tres Hombres platter was NOT the brisket.  The pulled pork was ok, the Ribs were the best part outside of the cornbread.  The sides were decent but HOT DAMN, i came there for BRISKET! I WANTED MOUTH WATERING BRISKET... i'm sorry it was decent at best.   The best brisket ive had yet still comes from Defiant Brewery down near me... i was pretty upset with the taste.. but hey atleast the beer was delicious (empire aphro)  and the service was pretty solid.   I would go back, but i would come in with lower expectations but i would probably still order the brisket in hopes that i just had a bad batch.. :'(
Once a year I make a trip to Rochester to visit a client.  As part of that trip, I always have dinner one night at Dinosaur.  The place is awesome to just go, grab a beer and people watch.  The atmosphere is lively and entertaining.  It can be a little tough finding a parking spot however patience will lead to a good spot. Once inside, the place is hopping.  I had a 40 min wait and I was by myself.  During my wait, I went to the bar for a beer.  They have lots of local beers on tap plus the usual suspects.   There is an absolute must when at the Dinosaur, the wings.  They have the biggest, meatiest, moistest wings any where.  Plus their sauces (original and Wango Tango) are awesome.  They give you a bottle of each at the table.  I prefer the Wango Tango because it combines the sweet BBQ sauce with habnero peppers (not over the top in terms of heat).   I also got a half rack of ribs.  Their dry rub is smokey, salty, and spicey.  The St Louis style ribs are smokey and have great flavor.   If in Rochester stop in and enjoy
Fantastic BBQ and a fun place to go as well. I'm from out of town and I always enjoy stopping by for absurd amounts of awesome BBQ & great people watching.
I have to admit that I was never a huge fan of ribs, but I have to tell you that this place is very good.  As a matter of fact I cannot think of any other place that serves better ribs.  Maybe it is just me but I don't like those places that put tons of sauce on their ribs.  This place is different.  The ribs are barbecued such that the outside is almost dry but very moist and tender inside.  The meat fell right off the bone when you dig into the ribs.  Also I practically hate tomato but I cannot resists their fried green tomato.   We went their on a Saturday night and it was packed.  Live music, loud atmosphere, good service, greasy & meaty food, what else can you expect from a ribs joint?
I loved Dinosaur's! Ok. Being from Texas I love my BBQ and let me tell you this is WAY different from anything back home (cold BBQ sauce? Say whaaaaatt???). However I was extremely impressed with the service, atmosphere and food/beer of Dinosaur's. I sat up at the bar and was greeted immediately by the enthusiastic staff, offered a menu and beer list (seasonal). I ordered a local IPA (delicious) and decided to order the 1/4 rack of ribs combo with a hot link sausage (I was starving). The food took a while but that was ok because there were tv's, people watching, and of course my beer to indulge in. They also bring out a wide assortment of BBQ sauces for you to slather on your food. Of course I asked for some side cups so I could try them all individually and I must say I was extremely impressed. My food came out piping hot and the meat fell off of my pork ribs. The hot link was excellent (although the wrapping could've come off a little easier) and the side of fries.... Epic... Next time I'm in a the vicinity of a Dinosaur's BBQ. I'm going.
Like nothing you'd expect from up state NY. The atmosphere was that of a BBQ pit place, and I'm surprised there wasn't a mechanical bull. The wings and pulled pork are to die for. Every sauce was different and perfect. The Mac and cheese is like grandma makes and the service at the bar was pleasant.
Best chicken wings I have ever had in my life ! Even if you get them plain, you will be amazed with the taste and the level of tenderness, guaranteed ! + Friendly staff. Love that place...
Great food and super customer service!
Great food, awesome service. The whole vibe is great too! I would recommend this place to anyone, but if your just passing through Rochester, this is the place to eat to get a real taste of what Rochester has to offer. I come here for lunch and dinner at least 2x a month.
Went here on a Thursday with a crew of 6. Music was on, it was snowing and we all needed a beer. We all sat at a table near the bar. It was LOUD but rockin. A guy, I assume the MOD, told us no food in the bar cuz it is too loud for the wait staff to take an order. We moved to a table in the back that was quieter, but you could still hear the music just fine. Food was great, service was great, I would go back in a second. My FO did for dinner the next night. Not much else to do in ROC if you are at one of the nearby hotels, so the Dino BBQ is it. You won't be disappointed.
If you haven't been to Dinosaur BBQ before then it's a must try.  The original is in Syracuse, Rochester was the second, and now it's grown to more locations upstate and in the tri-state area.  Part biker bar, part BBQ with a whole lot of flavor.  I always stop in here for lunch when driving to Toronto even though it adds about an hour to my travels.  Why?  Because it's well worth it.
This is some of the best BBQ on the whole country. I travel for a living and put it in the top 3 with Jack Stack's in Kansas City and Hard 8 in Dallas.
Got the tres hombres - beef brisket, pulled pork, 1/4 rack of ribs combo w Mac n cheese and f fries. Brisket and pork came out cold which was kind of a bummer but the flavor was decent. They don't go heavy on the sauce which I like, so you can sauce em to your liking. Only criticism of the ribs - they really were quite good - is that they didn't remove the membrane that adheres to the underside of the rib bone ( it's the parietal pleura for you technical medical folks) which really isn't a huge deal because most places leave it on, but it really enhances the bite when you prep ribs w the membrane removed. Mac n cheese was bomb. Fries needed salt. Also don't sit at the bar if you are protective of your personal space. All n all I'd def go back for a full rack w Mac n cheese!
On our visit to Rochester the coach at U of R recommended Dino's BBQ. As an avid griller/smoker of BBQ we took him up and made the 10 min drive from campus just across Genesee Riverway Trail. The decor was what I would expect from a BBQ house. We sat outside where the pitmasters cooked using 3 smokers from what I saw. The smoke was incredible and trying to decide what to eat I went with bbq and chicken platter cooked to perfection with a nice mohogany color on the chicken and the bbq seasoned perfectly. Our server even recommended mac and cheese as a specialty so we got it as side as well a side of slaw. OMG! Delicious!! I can't say enough but go here and enjoy !!!
Love this place.  The food, music, beer, location, bad ass Bikes.  Dino has it all.  Right by the banks of the might Genesee River.  Everyone knows this is the place for BBQ but there is also anoth place on Culver that I love too.
Excellent ribs. Chicken a little dry. Nice atmosphere. Service a little slow.
Always awesone.I always try to eat here when I travel to Rochester. Everything is great. The atmosphere is hip. The staff is attentive. We went on a Tuesday and had a short wait for a table, but were able to pass the time in the bar. Well worth it!!!!
Ah yes, This is the location where I first experienced the wonder of it all. I loved my visit to the New York location but Rochester holds the crown. This was my third time at a Dino establishment and it just gets better and better every time. I went with the Tres' Hombre because frankly, it offers the best bang for your buck and the best kick to your cholesterol. I wasn't exactly in the best shape seeing as I hurt my back the previous night but all was forgotten when our food arrived.  Our waiter was incredibly helpful and friendly and even took our picture while we all held up our plates in triumph. I took my time eating, knowing damn well the pain/pleasure that I was getting myself into. My friends and I like to "ruin ourselves" during every visit and usually do a bang up job of it. This time was no different. They had the Cajun Corn which I love and also the mouth-watering cheddar ale soup which knocked my rookie friend on his butt. In short...This place rules and will always rule. I hate the city and the miserable weather but inside this establishment, it almost seems like sunbeams radiate from the heavens. MY favorite.
I've had comparable barbecue, but the overall experience of Dinosaur is hard to match. The service was exceptional in terms of attention and knowledge of the menu -- which is important because both my kids have food allergies -- and the setting is laid back and relaxed. There's some great people watching here too! All the food was tasty with generous portions. Definitely try the sausage and fried green tomatoes!
Service is usually really fast and the food is excellent. The wait can sometimes be long, but just make sure there isn't a game going on a Blue Cross Arena! If you don't know what to get, stick with the Big Ass Pork Plate.
Been coming here for a few years after moving to Rochester. I have had some of my favorite meals, and favorite nights ever at this restaurant. When you've had a bad day, this (incredible) wait staff will make you feel better with smiles and genuine kindness. The atmosphere is loud, but I love loud. The food is the best BBQ in the area, and it is always hot and fresh. If the wait is long, head up to the bar for a beverage, or over to the takeout counter to snag some fries while you wait, and chill on the awesome outdoor patio until you hear your name called. You can't fully explain this place on here, so just get down to Dinosaur ASAP, my favorite Rochester area restaurant.
After painfully being sent to Rochester, my boss shot me an email letting me know that i was to hit up Dinosaur BBQ. I didn't think much of it at first, since I didn't imagine anything in Rochester to be of any merit (I give it such a bad rep for no reason) but after a couple of days in the burbs, i figured it's about time i stopped eating at the chains and actually try something more local. Result? BEST BBQ EVER I've had the supposedly best BBQs in Myrtle Beach, San Antonio, etc., but this place beats it all. I got the nuevo sampler plus 1/4 spicy shrimp for a total of $24 - sooo worth it. The Nuevo sampler came with 1/8 rack of rib, 1/4 chicken, a couple of beef brisket, and two sides. I picked cajun corn and collard green with turkey neck. I don't know where to begin talking about this! First off, what I must point out is that everything was delicious, but also deliciously DIFFERENT. There are plenty of bbq places where everything is marinated in the same sauce and their sides are bland, but no, here, everything has its own recipe. Let's talk about sides: The first thing I had asked before I ordered was what was the vegetable of the day, and was told it was kale with black eye peas. I scrunched up my nose at the thought of peas and the server offered me a taste of it. I hate the texture of the peas, but the dish was so tasty that I ended up picking out all the kale and inhaled it, and then it was suggested that i get the collard green as the side. - The collard green with shredded turkey neck didn't taste the same at all and was a bit more tangy but still very tasty. - The cajun corn was not in a cob but loose and wet. The flavour was so good that i almost drank the leftover soupy sauce after i inhaled the corn. The MEAT! - RIBS - my absolute favourite. I don't love bbq ribs. in fact i dont love bbq sauce, but i dont know what they used to smoke it, it was perfect. it fell off the bones without being dry or mushy and the flavour was not sweet, but just the right about of smokiness. Not saucy at all! - chicken - one bite into that leg and i was like CRAP! do i eat this first or do i eat the ribs, cuz they are both so good but they taste so different! The chicken is marinated on the outside before bbqed, so you might find that once you get into the thigh, the flavour is less intense, so eat it with the skin. It's perfectly tender and juicy on the inside. Again, not overcooked or dry. - brisket - i normally love briskets and this one is good, but compared to the ribs and chicken, it does pale in comparison. - spicy shrimp - head off but unpeeled with cajun spices sprinkled on the shell. it's actually pretty good. i don't like the spicy cocktail sauce, but then i dont like cocktail sauce in general. the shrimp was very very fresh but i thought the skin could have been bbq'ed to be crispy. I'm really sad that i inhaled the food so quickly i completely forgot about their sauce. apparently they have all kinds of bbq sauce that i never tried. but that's the beauty of it. This place is five stars without the sauce - it's THAT good.
It's pretty rare that I feel like I've died and gone to Texas with a BBQ place in Rochester.  However, Dinosaurs BBQ is a strong contender, with plenty of selections of Texas-style (and Memphis-style) BBQ on the menu.  I can't believe I've waited this long to visit. For a weekday lunch, Dinosaur BBQ was packed, though they seated me very quickly.  Lunch arrived at my table about 5 minutes later.  So, don't be intimidated by the crowd at lunchtime.  You'll be able to get back to work in an hour.  Dinosaur BBQ also seems to have a takeout counter for those who can't dine in. My entree selection was the brisket and pork BBQ plate, with mashed potatoes and collards.  The beef brisket was tender and tasty reminding me of a lot of my favorite BBQ places in Texas.  Pork BBQ was also solid-- though I would have liked a North Carolina style BBQ instead.  Bring on the vinegar!   Mashed potatoes with brown gravy were unremarkable-- except that, to be a true Texas place, cream gravy would be better. 'Honey hush' cornbread was a nice accompaniment, though I'd like another option since the sauces are so sweet anyway.  A savory bread (or just a slice of plain white bread) would be more typical of southern BBQ places.  If you're going fancy, what about jalapeño cornbread or a slice of Texas toast? Collards were just okay.  I love some good collards, but these are better off skipped for anyone who is at all particular about their collards.  They tasted a bit like they were prepared days ago-- which I'm not sure is entirely necessary, since collards are fairly cheap to prepare.  I needed to add a bit of the "Devil's Duel" habanero hot sauce to make them a bit more edible.  They taste much better with burn your lips off hot sauce like Devil's Duel. Iced tea was my beverage choice-- though I understand that they also have 'sweet tea' available.  They also seem to have a decent beer selection for those who are enjoying adult beverages on their lunch break.   I skipped desert because most of the options did not look all that alluring.  Can we get some peach cobbler on the menu please? Service was prompt and excellent from the very pregnant server.  I missed her name-- but Dinosaur BBQ needs to keep her around.  She was working a very large section and was not phased by the rush.  Iced tea was refilled promptly.  Cheers to the pregnant server! Rochester is still a far step away from real BBQ country-- but Dinosaur BBQ seems to be one of the best options in Rochester.  This place will tide you over until your next visit south, and is worth a lunch visit.
Who doesn't like Dinosaur's? Awesome BBQ.
Best deal in the house: SWEETHEART DEAL for 2 (28.95) which includes a full rack of ribs and 4 full-sized homemade sides. I recommend going with the mashed potatoes and mac and cheese for sides. I've had other items on the menu such as the Bar-B-Que pulled pork and the beef brisket but I found these to inferior to the ribs. This is the only reason a knocked off a star on my review. My only other concern is that when I went back a couple of weeks ago, the size of the ribs seem to have shrunk but I'm hoping this was just a one time deal.
Mmmm!  I know when I go back to visit Rochester I will definitely be stopping here.  The food was always great - wonderful meats!  The only downer to this restaurant is that it is sometimes SO loud you can't have a conversation with the people at your table.
I am not a BBQ expert and will not preach to be but I'm also not a BBQ fan. My friend and I were here on business and we enjoyed everything we ate! For appetizers we had the wings and catfish strips which were awesome! The Dino poutine were not worth it where there are so many other delicious items on our table. For dinner we had the traditional sampler which was awesome. The Mac and cheese was super cheesy but we couldn't stop eating it and the beans were also awesome. Needless to say we would recommend this place and def go back hopefully leaving room for dessert next time :)
It's Dinosaur BBQ. What can I possibly add to what has already been said? All the stars I have. When you go, make sure you wear your big pants!
EAT HERE IMMEDIATELY FOR A LIFE CHANGING EVENT THAT WILL BRING YOU TO TEARS. He said this was the "best" barbecue...EVER!!!  In New York???  Sure, babe.  I'd spent the past 2 years going to "actual" barbecues during my Texas work trips.  I assumed it was just a nostalgic craving.   Well, egg on my face...or rather, famous Dinosaur sauce.  At this point, I wish it were famous Dinosaur sauce every hour of every day.   I dream of it.  I drool over it.  The chicken is so tender and smokey, the ribs fall off the bone and are charred Ooooooh so right, the pulled pork is pulled pork-a-licious!!!  The sides are better than any southern Momma's sides - the Mac and cheese left a lovely cheesy path as I scooped it in my mouth, the collard greens were perfectly hammy and smokey, the beans, the coleslaw, EVERYTHING was spot on!  Portions are huge and leftovers are just as tasty later that night. There is some major TLC here, I feel the love with every bite.  I don't think I can ever go to another barbecue restaurant, again. Definitely the BEST I've ever had!!!
Thank you, 200+ Yelpers. You did not steer me wrong. The BBQ is the real thing and tasty (no specific style, they are Q omnivores), the beer is cold and the decor/vibe is right (if a little obvious/chain-y). If you like large servings of tasty meat, you will like this place. If you don't like large servings of tasty meat, but are with people or person who do, all is not lost. They do have a couple of seafood and even vegetarian dishes.  Although I would think just an hour in this place you'll have absorbed the daily recommended portion of meat via osmosis.
had the awesome ribs and devil eggs
Food Hounds... when in Rome - do as the Romans do.  In this case; when in Rochester, NY... all the rave is in the eating cave known as Dinosaur Bar-B-Que!  For those of us with a beastly appetite, you simply can't do better than the pure deliciousness that engulfs your taste buds at this hot spot.  Our guest and honorary Hound for the evening was none other than Marilyn Ghigliotti of Clerks (37).  The overall ambiance of the place is like a down home roadhouse, sporting a huge bar, a stage for performing artists and the aroma of hearty BBQ love throughout the air... could things BE any better?  Believe it or not; the answer is yes... wait till you eat - or should I say devour the food!  I should warn you, if you come here... you will not want to leave.  The vibe is chill and friendly, the staff is knowledgeable and the buzz around town proves that Dinosaur is the destination of foodies near and far. On to the FOOD... Every day, Dinosaur offers a different Soup & Side of the Day to their feasting fanatics.  We enjoyed the Cheddar Ale - a cheesy beer soup with chunks of fresh pumpernickel croutons!  Heavenly flavor packed in every spoonful.  The beer used is a locally brewed Ape Hanger Beer that offered a unique taste that worked perfectly with the sharp and outstanding cheesiness topped off with a Cajun Spiced kick!  WIN.  Although many choices on the menu are fried; they use a healthier canola oil and it is changed every day... sinful never tasted so good!  So we begin... TOWANDA!  Fried Green Tomatoes are the best I've ever tasted; fried crispy on the outside and ridiculously juicy on the inside.  Paired with the BOSS cayenne buttermilk ranch, off the chain!  Drunken Spicy Shrimp Boil were 'peel & eat' style that were initially boiled in a blend of beer, herbs and spices - then served cold; dunk the habanero cocktail sauce!  Another fave was the Catfish Strips - cornmeal dusted then fry-crusted southern style catfish; slightly crisped texture over the perfect flaky inside.  Creole Spiced Deviled Eggs were UNREAL and offered a slight spice matched by a smooth, creamy and fantasmic flavor behavior!   Their well-known Jumbo BBQ Chicken Wings are certainly something that is a MUST... spiced rubbed, pit smoked & cooked for a THIRD time on the grill to create a well balanced and unique wing!  To be honest, the sauce boss admits that these suckers need nothing but themselves - perfect flavoring with a slight smoky kick; still crispy, juicy and tender without being over done... each was equal in deliciousness!  Now... that being said, the sauce is BOSS!!!  Again, ALL the sauces are made in house by the talented crew at the Bar-B-Que.  We opted to taste the Hoisin, which was a bases loaded home run - sweet, yet delectably tangy. Perfect.  We were then treated to one of their NEW delicacies made in house... Sausage, Cheese & Crackers.  Carefully placed on a long, thin wooden cheese board; these suckers were a WIN all day, every day!  The sausage is packed, cured and smoked in house creating a soft; melt in your mouth delish - hands down, incredibly sweet and even flavor. Next we were treated to a Flinstones sized main course!  We indulged in the all natural St. Louis cut, Bar-B-Que Pork Ribs which were soft, tender with flavorful fall off the bone meat that was dry rubbed, slow pit smoked and lightly glazed with the BOSS BBQ sauce!  The Texas Bar-B-Que Brisket was SO YUM!  Slowly pit smoked 14 hours... then cut into generous, mouth watering slices of meat-a-tarian love!  Served with their pickled jalapenos; patrons are expected to wrap the brisket and peppers together to create the ultimate smoky/spicy blend... WIN!  The New York Strip Steak was a thick and generous 14oz slab of meat (Angus), spice rubbed to the 'T' & grilled well-done without losing the flavor!  The sweet & tangy BOSS of sauces was their Bourbon Molasses Steak Sauce which offered an INCREDIBLE flavor; especially when paired with the creamy habanero butter.  Now... there are no words for the aptly named, "Big Ass Pork Plate."  An overwhelming platter of what they represent as the Genuine Article - it is low & slow smoked pork shoulder which is legitimately hand pulled and piled high! Nobody should discount the excitement of side dishes... these are the ones that got us excited!  GET THE FRIES... large, freshly cut, soaked in water overnight & peppered with a blend of salt, pepper, garlic, onion and smoked paprika - then fried to create a killer, crispy fry.  The BBQ Beans sported pulled pork & were slammin' while the A.K. Chili was sweet, tangy and sprinkled with fresh scallions and Mmm... cheese!  All hail the Mac & Cheese; baked w/5 cheeses, black pepper & their own Cajun Foreplay seasoning - then after being baked, sprinkled with MORE cheese!!!  The CaCajun Corn was spicy and sweet, sprinkled with pepper and seasoning; then doused with butter.  The REAL Mashed Potatoes were smooth and deliciously garlicky  - just the way I like it... YUM!
Great service... great food! Nuff said. We stopped in while biking along the river with my wife and 7 kids.  Jim was a fantastic host! What a great destination stop for river (bike/walk) travelers!
This place was close to our hotel, the Hyatt.  I was hungry, It was about 9:30 on a cold night, and didnt want to drive to get some food in a city I had just arrived in.   We walked the two blocks to the Dinosuare and I like it instantly.  It was not very crowded and a band was just getting ready to play.  It would be nice to hear some live music, I thought, but I was here to eat.  I had the Carolina BBQ platter, with cole slaw and black beans n rice sides.  It was served to me in minuets, and it was perfect...Hit the BNR first, and it was so good, I finished it completely.  I then turned my attention to the sandwich...again perfect.   Big chunks of shredded pork topped with the same slaw I had as a side...didnt expect that, but I was hungry, hit it with some in house garlic and jalapeno sauce and d-vowered it....oooo, hot but good...the slaw could have been chopped a bit finer, but it was also well above average.  Overall I had a excellent meal, and I will look forward to hitting the Dinosaur next time I am in Rochester, NY,, and if you like BBQ in a cool bar setting, check out this place... PS the band that night was good as well....local band the Mysterious Blues Band......they made watching the X-games more enjoyable....
Amazing. Expect a wait during dinner, but it's worth it. Probably the best in Rochester.
Hands down the best BBQ you will find north of the "south". Being a Texas Boy, born and raised, I wish I could write this review in total anonymity, as I could be tried for treason for what I am about to say..."it is possible to get great BBQ in New York."  (as I duck and wait for lightning to strike).  At Dinosaur, they know exactly what to do with smoke and meat.  I had a mixed platter that had chicken, pork ribs, and brisket with mac and cheese and collards as my sides.  Everything was absolutely great.  All the meats were tender and juicy with great flavor, both sides were phenominal (mac and cheese was rediculous), and the BBQ sauce was Texas-ish style sauce...very good. Nice job, you guys!  Go check them out if you're in town.  Its worth the trip!
Excellent BBQ and lots of local beers on tap!
Best ribs in Rochester !
I stopped into Dinosaur Bar-B-Que on a whim the other day.  I had just gotten off the bus after traveling from NYC and I was tired, cold, and hungry.  To make matters worse, it was raining outside so I walked into this place looking like a wet dog off the street, and yet I was treated like a family member and just shown up.  The first thing that happened upon my walking in was a hostess saw me walk across the bar area and asked if I wanted a table.  I was so tired that I didn't know what I wanted but I asked if I could eat at the bar and she happily escorted me to the bar and introduced me to Renee, the bartender.  Thus far, I was quite impressed with the service. I ended up going with the jambalaya with sides of chili and mac & cheese, along with a nice IPA from 3 Heads Brewery.  For my first time at Dinosaur, I probably should have gone with some true BBQ, but I wanted something that would warm me up and this meal worked perfectly.  The mac and cheese was fantastic and had just enough of the gooey/crispy crust on top.  When combined with the chili, it was even better!  The jambalaya was decent, but it took a back seat to the sides.  I've read some criticism on here about the cornbread, and I'll concur with some of the reviews saying it's a bit on the dry side.  However, the corn bread had something that I haven't noticed in any cornbread since coming to Rochester: it actually tasted like CORN (I think I actually had a few kernels in my piece)!   I'm looking forward to going back to Dinosaur (especially during the summer) and trying some of their actual BBQ.  From what I witnessed on my first visit, the staff are great and treat people really well, and the food is pretty darn good when you're in the mood for some good comfort food.  I'd tell you to check them out, but I think I might be the last person who hasn't been there so... check them out again!
I've visited a friend in Rochester several times in the last couple of years, and twice he's taken me to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que.  Now when he wants to get a rise out of me, all he has to say is, "Big Ass Pork Plate!" because I fell in love with that dish on the menu, what with its succulent pulled pork, tasty sides, and big hunk of cornbread.  It's not just a good barbecue joint in terms of food, but it's a rowdy, lively, loud atmosphere that has live music that my friend and I had a great time dancing to after we polished off our plates.  Go there to have great food and a good time!
The decor is very "divey" but it's meant to be so. The walls are written all over, the tables are carved into, and its dim. It's a cool atmosphere but you should know this place is packed most prime times I have waited almost two hours to get in for Saturday night dinner last time! My favorite thing on the menu are the chicken wings, I love the sauces and of course, the Ribs. The homemade blue cheese dressing is very creamy and is a great pair with the wings!   I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I do believe that Sticky Lips BBQ offers better food espeically the sides like are better quality also I like the atmosphere better. You won't regret going here either way. I wish they would bring one to the Corning area!
I would like to give a HUGE shout out to the manager and staff who were working on Superbowl Sunday night :)  A friend and I, after a very long and trying day and only in town for the weekend, finally got to the restaurant at 9:35pm . The staff had decided to close early because it was so quiet, but they quickly and pleasantly reversed that decision and made us a wonderful dinner. They have no idea what a good thing they did. You have fans for life and we are grateful!!! and the food is great too. Eva and Jeff
Excellent bbq. I am from Texas so I was kind of leary about New York bbq. I was very pleasantly surprised.  The ribs had a very unique flavor and were perfectly smoked and seasoned. The chicken was tender,  juicy,  and flavorful. My favorite were the sides. I had mac and cheese,  which had a spicy kick, and the New England clam chowder,  which was Heaven in my mouth.
The thickest and juciest ribs I have ever eaten. Some of the sauces were the hottest my wife has ever tasted. The wait was 90 minutes. There is metered parking on the streets.
The Dino is delicious, good BBQ. The decor is very "divey" but it's meant to be so. The walls are written all over, the tables are carved into, and its dim. It's a cool atmosphere to kick back in. The service is great. Be warned, however, on nights when there is an Amerk's game the place is going to be PACKED...and unless you reserved a table you WILL be waiting. My father and I always get the pulled pork sandwiches and they are delicious and tender. The sides are always good. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I do believe that Sticky Lips BBQ offers better food and a better atmosphere, but Dino is still great. You won't regret it either way. It's a Rochester classic and it's won awards with good reason.
OMG The best of the best in BBQ every time I go to Rochester I make a point to come here and am always fully satisfied
A quick walk in after the lunch rush at 2 pm. The waiter split sweet ice tea on one of the people I was eating with but replaced it quickly for her. The pulled pork sandwich was a slight letdown considering they are known for their pulled pork, and I had tasted better elsewhere. It lacked a flavourful barbeque flavour, and was quite bland. I had an empty stomach and high hopes for the pulled pork sandwich, which I found a bit disappointing. Other members of my party had the other larger meat plates with a more variety of meat, such as the Three Hombres, and were very satisfied. Me and my party noticed the large portions, and the prices are very economical for the amount of food you are getting. In the end, I liked the restaurant, but the pulled pork sandwich is something I would not eat again.
Great barbecue and microbrewery. This place is very loud so be ready to have a yelling match.  This place is a big hit for the college crowd and everyone else in town I think so get very crowded and be ready to wait around for a table.  The good thing is you can enjoy a glass of one of the microbrew beers while you wait.  I come here whenever I'm in town. I stayed at a hotel within two blocks from here on my last trip and so made it very convenient to walk here for dinner then walk it off a little afterwards. Lol
Rolled right out of the place happy and jolly! My first time there was about a week ago for a friends birthday. We ordered multiple "small meals" to share such as fried green tomatoes, chicken wings, and Dino poutine! Also ordered an entree on top of all of that, but I was so stuffed I could barely finish. All the meals have hearty proportions, packed with extreme flavor, and leave you licking your fingers for more sauce. We asked the waitress to bring some sort of birthday dessert to our birthday girl, and we were given choices of what kind of cake/pie! Unfortunately, they didn't bring other servers over to sing any special song. Regardless, the meal was fantastic. The atmosphere was suitable for BBQ, the live music was awesome! Definitely suggest it for a night out if you're with a fun and rowdy gang of friends and family. Also, there is a MARVELOUS view of Rochester's waterfall from the restaurant. Beautiful view to enjoy while you're grubbing away.
After all the time they've been in Rochester, they're still the best bbq around. Sure, on rare occasion, one of the sides or main plates is a little less than you expected.  But overall, it's a fantastically reliable bbq joint.  Loud, fun, raucous, with people jammed in next to each other for bbq -- it's a good time.   I'm a huge fan of their pulled pork in any form -- piled high on a plate, or even just as a sandwich.  Their ribs are also top notch; I have yet to try better ones in Rochester.  And I do love me some ribs. I recommend going earlier in the week, given that later nights are going to be even crazier -- thus meaning a longer wait. For what it's worth, everyone I've taken here -- even vegetarians -- have become disciples of the Dinosaur.
A chain restaurant with a location that is historic in Rochester. I'm only reviewing the Rochester location the food is bland barbecue it's a New York version of barbecue did I mention this is a chain restaurant. Have eaten at this restaurant many times gave you guys lots of chances.
I travel to Rochester regularly for work, whenever I am in town I always try to get to Dinosaur.  I am partial to ribs, especially pork ribs.  The ones here are tasty, tender, meaty, and sighfully good (is that a word?).  Plus they have a pretty good beer selection.
I've been buying their brand BBQ sauce in my local grocery store for awhile because of the healthier ingredients, so I was excited to try the restaurant.  I was not disappointed!  The service was a little slow, but the food was fantastic and the staff super nice, especially the head of security, John.
I can't wait to go back!  The beef brisket on my platter was glistening and moist...chicken was juicy...as for the ribs, meat was falling off the bone!  Going on a weeknight we still had to wait about 10minutes for a table.  Since Harlem is a little closer to me than Rochester, I'll be checking that location out as well.  We also tried Sticky Lips, but I still prefer Dinosaur.  I got beef brisket there too, but that was too dried out.
Yeah this was some good BBQ. Had the combo and a huge group, so I tried everything.  Definitely a place you want to take someone who wants to come hungry and leave sticky icky.  Yum! Cornbread was dry, but there was enough of everything else to keep us happy.
I loved the BBQ here!  I was on business and got extra time before heading home from ROC.  I had the combo of ribs, chicken and substitued brisket with pulled pork.  Everything was fabulous.  Nice meaty ribs that was tender and nice smoke ring without being overly dry.  Chicken was the most moist and juicy BBQ chicken I ever had.  Pulled pork was very good as well.  The sides of baked beans and mac & cheese was also outstanding. Service was very friendly and server made a point to ask how everything was and ensured my first experience at a Dinosaur BBQ won't be my last.
Would have been four stars, food was really good. Minus one star for the incredibly long wait and difficult parking situation- we decided to order take out and eat in our hotel. Minus the second star because of the racist girl working the register (short stature, glasses, short brown hair in ponytail- if the manager is reading this), who totally talked down on me because I'm Asian and probably resemble other Asian tourists who may have difficulty ordering. She was extremely condescending when I asked what sizes the sides come in, and kept cutting me off as I tried to place my order in complete sentences. When we picked up the order from the counter, I reminded them that we were owed a bottle of BBQ sauce with our order. The kinder gentleman asked which flavor we had selected, and when I told him we were not aware of the choices, rude girl interjects to say we had selected original (we hadn't, and would have in fact selected the hot version if offered). I don't know if this is an isolated incident, but if not, management has some serious issues to address.
I've been here twice, and have always gotten the sweetheart deal for two. It comes with a full slab of ribs, and four side orders. I really like the scalloped potatoes, mac salad, chili, and fries. Tons of food! Each table has an assortment of their sauces, so you can help yourself to any or all of them. I like the Wango-Tango and have a jar of it in my fridge. The restaurant has a biker-bar like feel to it. I hear they have awesome chicken wings, but I've never gotten around to it. Hot spot to check out when you're in Rochester.
i received a message via yelp from the person reaching out on behalf of the manager: "dear teeny, we are sorry to hear of your service during your two recent meals at the rochester dinosaur. if you would email your contact information to b----------@dinobbq.com, we would like to have the manager reach out to you for more details of your experiences. sincerely, bob pr and social media manager dinosaur bar-b-que" i have requested the manager to reach me via the yelp email messaging but i have not as yet been contacted. i will update this post when we communicate. i do not know what addl info he may need, i felt that i was detailed in my original post. i do not know why i need to communicate via my personal email.
Was here back in October of 2011 on a business trip and everyone raved about Dino... A group of my buddies decided we would give it a shot, it was better than some of these big Chains and it definitely had a hell of allot cooler interior. Beer was plentiful the food was tasty and some pretty damn big portions. It was priced accordingly not to cheap and not to pricey. I would go back if i was in Rochester again, its right in the heart of the city tons of stuff around, I do remember parking sucked. But hey I went for the food not the parking!
We had a Sunday Lunch there, it was decent, but I lived in the south a long time and there is just something about down home BBQ that the Dinosaur doesn't match.  Had the brisket-it was decent but not great, the Mac-N-Cheese...the mac was a little too 'al-dente' for my tastes and the Cajun corn was okay.  Came with cornbread, but no butter...... Some folks say sticky-lips is the place to go.  I'll try that next time I'm in Rochester......
Now that's what im talking about. this place rocks..from the apps to the dessert this is the best bbq i've had in a while. tasty, delicious, affordable, unpretentious..u can't go wrong here.just.cant...mmmm...give me some now!
You can't go wrong with this place. Stopped here before heading back to Baltimore and had my first fried green tomato and I was pleasantly surprised. My gf and I ordered the full rack with four sides for like $28 (what a steal!). The ribs were perfect with lots of smokey flavor. The mac and cheese was on point! It's too bad dino bbq is so far away, but If I ever get back to the area i'll be sure to swing by.
This BBQ joint is no joke!  The pulled pork is as serious as it gets, and the WANGO TANGO sauce is tops.  Portion sizes are hefty, and meals come with several sides. Used to have some great live music acts, not sure if that's still part of the atmosphere. Great customers, usually popular with bikers. One of my top 3 places to eat in this city.
This place looks awesome.  We had a reservation and came 20 minutes early.  Hostess said she would seat us soon.  We are now 15 minutes after our reservation and we have not been seated.  I went up again to ask and she said a few minutes as she is waiting on another table.  Why have reservations in place if you cannot meet them.  It is frustrating and we are starving.  Don't come if you want to eat at a decent time.
Great place, vibe, food, music...everything. I always order a pulled pork sandwich and 2 sides, but if I go more than once/month, I only get sides because the platters are so filling. We always take out-of-towners here and they love it.
What can I say about Dinosaur BBQ. This is home! I am from Rochester, NY and BBQ to me translates to this place. It is my happy place. Best BBQ I ever had in my entire life. My favorite thing on the menu are the chicken wings, I love the sauces and of course, the Ribs. The homemade blue cheese dressing is also so simple and yet so tasty. I always go with my family and order the group package, perhaps two of them? and yes, we do eat it all. If you don't have a reservation, it can be a bit of a wait. They also have a great selection of local  (believe or  not, Rochester and Syracuse have some tasty beers) and national beers. This place is way better than sticky  lips, so if you are in town visiting and are looking for a good BBQ place, please try Dino and avoid any other places. You can smell the BBQ from walking by the library across the street. So if I love this place why only four stars? Well, as delicious as the food is and as much as I love this place, sometimes service feels a bit rushed. Especially if you go when there are people waiting outside (which is always), so I wish service was more chill (maybe this is a west coast pickiness).
Awesome place to eat or Take-out. For Take-out Call your order in ahead, they stay busy. Good Prices and they give you way more then enough food. Parking can be challenging if you try during the weekend or during a Blue Cross Arena event, but so worth the search! Enjoy
I went to grad school in Rochester, so I am well acquainted with the Dino.  I have family in the area, so you can bet that when I am in town, I am heading to get some 5-star BBQ.   Actually, I can't believe that anyone would NOT rate this place 5 stars.  It is the best BBQ restaurant I have ever been to (and yes I have been to BBQ places in the south, Texas and heck, all over the country).  The only BBQ I have had that is better is Rudy's in Austin, TX... but that is basically a BBQ stand inside a gas station, not exactly a restaurant. The ribs fall-off-the-bone, the brisket is so juicy and delicious, and the pulled chicken is great, but the real treat here are the sides!  I get almost as excited about the chili, collard greens, and mashed potatoes as I do the meat.   Other things I love about this place:  it's a BBQ/rib joint and it looks like it, the service is fast and courteous, the beer list, LIVE MUSIC! I suppose the only knock I would have on the place would be that the wait on weekends can be hours.  Go figure - the place is awesome.  Don't believe the hype about this "Sticky Lips" place - not as good...
Being brand new to the Rochester area, I was excited to try such a locally acclaimed restaurant. We went with a group of 8 people on a Saturday night. While they weren't accepting reservations, they put our name on a waiting list ahead of time. They wouldn't seat us at a table until our entire party had arrived, which is understandable for a Saturday night. However, when everyone had finally shown up, they walked us to our table, realized one of our party members had run to the bathroom and asked us to wait next to the table. Why the remaining seven of us had to stand NEXT TO the table and not be seated, I'm not exactly sure. Then, while waiting, we watched as they broke up our table and gave it to another group. Two minutes later, when the last person returned from the restroom, we had no table and had to wait an additional half-hour while the staff scurried to try and put something together. When they did find us a table, it was in the bar area, which was JAM-PACKED and noisy. It was definitely hard to hear across the table and our voices were strained after our meal. Our server was quick and efficient, and had no problem accommodating our request for separate checks. The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. The fried green tomatoes were delicious, and the brisket was good, but room-temperature. The ribs were rather bland, and while I prefer mine falling off the bone, these were a bit tough. I thought the best part of the evening was the cajun corn side. Perfectly seasoned, a little spicy, and something I really hadn't tasted before. All in all, I'd say the food was worth the wait (probably because we were just hungry and tired by the time we were seated), but it wasn't the mind-blowing barbecue experience I had hoped for.
This review is more about the sides and thanksgiving turkey experience.   I enjoy the BBQ at this joint and cannot complain about how wonderfully tender and how tasteful the meats are in any meal I have ever eaten here!  The sides, depending on what you order, tend to be quite delicious.  Corn bread is great (although I do enjoy the competitor's corn bread even more at Stickylips- sorry Dinosaur!)   I have ordered the smoked Thanksgiving turkey dinner a couple yrs in a row now.  I do enjoy a smoked turkey- and it is VERY smoky tasting.  I can only handle so much of it but if you love that flavor you must order one for turkey day (as long as they still sell it!)  I am REALLY disappointed in the flavoring of the sides we received.  Most everything (sides only) is heavily peppered.  And I mean HEAVY.  I am not a fan of pepper and especially when it is used as the main ingredient for flavor.  I expected better from Dinosaur- it seems a lazy way to season food- for the price you pay for this meal.   I can think of other ways to flavor things like using sour cream for potatoes or more butter in the corn.  (BTW, the restaurant seasons with heavy pepper in the corn as a side in general but was not expected in the T-day sides so much.)  If I recall correctly the stuffing we got was also heavily peppered.  It is for this reason that I am considering NOT ordering another Turkey dinner this year from Dinosaur.  The desserts were phenomenal though!  The peanut butter pie and apple pie hit the spot!
decent food but not great. service was good at the bar. brisket was not anything special, in fact, not good at all. It was extremely dry and hard to chew (which is probably why they serve it with bbq sause on it....WHY???). ribs were ok, just ok. corn break, also just ok. not sure where everyone eats their BBQ food but if you've ever tried any of the top 10 places in the country...you'll know what i'm talking about here...
Everyone always raves about this place, and I agree everything is pretty good! I love their pull pork sandwich and the mash potato sides! They get pretty busy, especially around dinner time, so I usually just order for take out!
I was in town visiting. I'm originally from Texas. I love barbecue. This place is awesome. I can tell you right now the barbecue is legit. I got the beef brisket plate. It was perfect. Get it. Enjoy.
Got a tip from a local that this place was "amazing" . Im a ribs fan, I love meat, but I know when ribs taste "amazing"...and dino fell short. We have good ribs here in Cali, so I've been spoiled. The meat here wasn't that tender, felt a bit dry imho. I had a better time eating the chicken wings. If I visit Rochester again, I'll probably order something other than the ribs at Dino. Or I'll pass altogether. -Goodfood.LA
Service was fast despite crowds of people. I am not a pork eater so had they more chicken options on the menu would say a pretty good place to eat.
The guys in my class had raved about this place as the best BBQ place in the city and yet I had yet to try it since I'm not much of a meat eater and it's all the way in Harlem on the far west. When I visited in Rochester my local friends swore again about another amazing BBQ place to try - they were so excited to bring me to this place without knowing it was the same place and there was already one in the city. We arrived around 5pm on a Saturday. This place was beyond packed. We fought our way to the back of the line and decided to place our order to go. The wait was 40 mins for our family style special - 2 half chickens, 1 rack of ribs, Mac and cheese, chill, and corn breads. It also came with a bottle of their special BBQ sauce which we were allowed to choose the level the spice. We went with regular. We ate straight from the to go boxes when we got home. They sectioned the chicken into quarters and I thought I made the mistake of grabbing a whole quarter for myself. It was massive! But after devouring the first quarter chicken (so moist and flavorful) I couldn't help but have another quarter chicken myself! The chili was the perfect side. It had a nice sweet base with lots of beans and ground meat. I smothered each bite of chicken with spoonful of chili! The Mac and cheese was just ok. Perhaps I prefer my Mac and cheese a little more watery. But pouring the chili over was the solution to everything! Will definitely make my trip to the west side to compare the chicken they make in the dinosaur BBQ in the city to the ones I had here!
Dinosaur BBQ has made great successful appearances throughout western New York, serving their scrumptious selections at local tasting venues teasing my taste buds every time. Wow! What a great first impression when we stumbled upon this diamond in the ruff. Appearances can be deceiving and I implore you to look beyond the rustic shack and venture into what will be one of your most memorable meals! Superb, smiling servers greeted our hungry faces (there were two kids and two adults) If you can imagine, we were about ready to eat our left arms for lunch by 2:00 especially after a day of play at the National museum. We were starving! No wait at all on a monday afternoon. Success! Greeted and seated, our server was delighted to take care of us with kids menus and equally rationed crayons because you know how hard it is to share. Sharing isn't the problem here if you order the well priced and greatly proportioned Big Shot Dinner for Two. However, eating everything on your plates amongst four hungry people is! DELICIOUS Dinosaur BBQ!!! Finger licking good and faster than fast with the restaurant 3/4 full on a lunch crowd. Not a bad bone in the place! Our server could not have been any better in catering to our needs, especially with two 2yr old girls accompanying us! Kid Friendly and happy to help, my kind of restaurant in deed. I truly cannot wait to treck back to Rochester with a few beer venturers and introduce more friends to this mouth watering smoke house!
Probably my 5th or 6th time to Dinosaur and this time we brought the in-laws.  The father in-law is a train buff, and any restaurant in old railroad station is something worth checking out. Needless to say the food was amazing and I can honestly say I've never had a bad thing on the menu.  Every time I've ever been the fancy fried green tomato app is a must,  with the shrimp. For a boy raised in the south, no one else in the northeast comes close to doing these better.  I literally eats the decorative greens as a salad with the leftover sauce. This time I ordered the Sampler and Brisket Reuben,  I had to try something different than the last 3 Cubans I've ordered.  I loved the Smoked then Fried Buffalo Wing.  (Something I first tried at Marty's Meats) and I now feel should be done to all Buffalo Wings. The Deviled Egg was massive yet tasty and not overpowering. The Reuben was Smokey and needed extra Wango Tango, but quickly became a soup sandwich falling apart halfway through eating.  Maybe a thicker bottom bread?  Also fell in love with the Turkey Neck Collard Greens...  I thought I was the only who used that offal part of the turkey for something other than gravy. Well done! My only tick on the evening, is something that bugs me at just about any restaurant. When you ask the recommendation of your server and they either know nothing about the menu or item, or they tell you they don't like it. ??? That's an immediate Last Night working in my restaurant rule.  Know your menu,  Love your menu and Sell the GD menu. If you've never had it,  admit it and let your customers know that you've heard great things about it. The same goes if you don't like it, "not my favorite" shouldn't be in your vocabulary. If you don't drink, then let the customer know you'll get recommendations from the bartender. Don't tell them Beer is just Beer.... Because your job won't be your job for very long... Food is what represents a great restaurant, but your servers represent the food before your customers get to order it. Don't shoot your chef in the foot before they get to show off their talents.
Even my southern-born-and-bred bbq-snob husband thinks the food here rocks. It's a must-stop location for any visitor, and a tried and true favorite for locals.
I think everyone loves dinosaur bbq. It's just a common feeling all people in rochester have. Normally I get the pulled pork sandwich because it's cheap, it's good, and you can get it as a platter and have a lot of food to eat. The ribs were also good when I had them. They were a little fatty, but most ribs you get at a restaurant are like that. They were fall off the bone and delicious. When I have the money for them I get them. I didn't like the brisket last time I had it. I had a brisket sandwich and it came with 4 measly slices of brisket in it, and they were too dry for me. I guess you have to try and see what you like there. There is something for everyone.
Went there on a Saturday night with 4 people and waited for almost 1.5 hours. The wait was WORTH IT. Service is fast, our server was friendly and this is hands down the best BBQ joint I've tasted (and I've had BBQ in Texas!). Ordered the chicken and it was tender and moist. never had to add a BBQ sauce on top. It was good. Tip: order the collared greens as a side. It's fantastic.
This place has great delicious bbq food but it's way too packed. I didn't want to wait an hour and a half so I ordered take out. There was a long wait for the food but I try to think of it as you're getting real bbq food straight off the pit which is so worthwhile. Their Wango Tango Habanero Hot BBQ Sauce was perfect on everything it touched. I had the Sampler Nuevo which consisted of a quarter chicken, ribs, briskets, corn bread, collard greens, and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was a little hard but other than that, everything was good.
Good stuff.  Try the samplers.
One would be justified in assuming that a barbecue joint so far from the South would be lacking - until they came to Dinosaur. Man, is the food delicious. It helps that all the smoking, etc is literally done right next to the restaurant... They have a great selection of original barbecue sauces, but given how juicy, tender, and flavorful all the meat offerings are, sauce is hardly necessary. I also enjoyed the option of beer flights; nothing compliments ridiculous barbecue better than tasty beer... Definitely stop by.
Yes, I am a fan even though I am a vegetarian. The all veggie sides is my favourite. But if someone from the Dinosaur bbq team is reading this, please please please come up with some more vegetarian food ideas. or atleast eggatarian food ideas. you are missing a lot of customer base in that. Take some ideas from sticky lips. PLEASE SCRAP THE STUPID MUSHROOM BURGER FOR VEGETARIANS. (sorry I have to write it in caps to show my frustration about that piece of shit meal). your mac and cheese is to die for. The corn bread and the most simple food beans and rice are awesome. Hopefully you will come up with more vegetarian ideas, I know you can do it because you are good at cooking food.
I ordered the smoked portobello mushroom burger (sandwich only) which has fresh vegetables and melted cheese. The mayo- barbecue sauce was flavorful. Overall it was delicious and satisfying, a pleasant surprise for someone new to vegetarian burgers. The bottom bun, however, was soggy and there was still liquid dripping out. Also, everyone who got mac and cheese disliked it (they left it unfinished). The 2 waitresses for our large group were nice and made sure we were comfortable. It's a fun place to eat and it was a unique experience for me.
Heart-attack inducing, barbecue deliciousness. I'm from California, and where I live in San Francisco you simply can't find a place like this amidst the sea of health food restaurants.  I mean, SF is so pro-health they don't even allow the one McDonalds in the city to give children free toys with their happy meals in hopes to discourage unhealthy eating.  So when my boyfriend who is a former New Yorker took me back east with him to show me around his old college stomping grounds, I was pretty excited to try this place out. For years I'd heard how good the food is at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que... and my boyfriend wasn't lying, IT WAS SO GOOD! The portions are huge, which is something I'm really not used to where I live, and I definitely ate more than I should have.  In total, I finished probably 1/4 of my plate (there was just so much food), and I probably should have stopped around 1/8 of the way through, but the stomach ache I had afterward from being too full was worth it.  Everything was amazing, even the corn garnish on the side was good.  Like, really good.  I have no idea what I had, it was just a mess of different kinds of meats smothered in BBQ sauce on a plate, and I was BBQ sauce heaven.  Next time the bf takes me back east to see his family, (yey for Christmas time!) I'm going to have to make him take me here again.  Maybe after another round of Dinosaur Bar-B-Que in Rochester I'll be brave enough to try a "garbage plate."
Yes the dinosaur bbq. Always always a solid bbq venue. I love the throwback rustic blues-ish feel this place offers you. A cool classic bbq joint to go too! The food is great for NY as far as bbq standards. Great pulled pork, flavorful brisket, awesome tasty sides, terrific appetizers! I love the loaded tomatoes with shrimp! Yum! Awesome beer selections. Be prepared to wait at particular times of day . After 2 till 4 is your best bet to grab a seat here otherwise plan on at least a 30 minute wait.
This is the best bar b q I have ever tasted and being from NC that says a lot. We got there on a Monday night before 8 and it was a long wait but honestly worth every min. The food is lip smacking good and the atmosphere is just as great as the food. This is a place you just have to eat at if you are near them. Enjoy this meal to the fullest.
Best BBQ in all of Rochester. Ribs, pulled pork, and brisket are all out of this world. One thing I especially love about Dino is that they do NOT overlook the side dishes. When you watch BBQ competitions so many times a BBQ group will lose a competition because they have no idea how to prep a good side dish. Their meat is top quality and it is always cooked to perfection. They sauce is amazing and they know how properly sauce the ribs and brisket. They also have an amazing staff. I've been there when it's ridiculously busy and their staff moves like a perfectly oiled and tuned machine. It is all just very very impressive.
The best BBQ EVER! Got a sampler of a few things and they were all out of this world. Prepare to wait for a table depending on the time of day but it is really worht it. This place attracts all different types of people for the love of BBQ.
My favorite restaurant in Rochester for years now. Everything on the menu is incredible!
I love the Dinosaur because it's unique, it's one of the go-to joints in downtown, plus they have consistently really, really good barbeque. My fave is the big ass pork plate, but really it's all good. Fried green tomatoes are delicious also. Servers are not your cutesy poo TGIFridays type. But they're generally friendly and efficient and I'm here for the food and if they get it to me in a reasonable length of time, that's all I care about here. Parking is best across the street in a garage. Their lot is reserved for bikes (which are awesome to ogle over). One of my favorite memories is having my grandma order a big ass plate - cool place.
Remember that part in Pulp Fiction where Uma didn't want to tell John Travolta the joke because she said it had been built up too much and wouldn't be funny anymore? I think that's similar to my issue with Dinosaur BBQ.  Too much build up.  Too much hyperbole.  Too many people telling me how awesome it was.   It wasn't.  Don't get me wrong, it was good food.  But not wait-an-hour-plus-to-be-seated-and-eat-bbq-just-­marginally-better-than-Famous-Dave's. I had the fried green tomatoes, and the Tres Hombres plate with pulled pork, brisket and ribs.  All was decent, but again, not worthy of a five star rating.
I think this place is so overrated! Food is okay, and nothing special. I also ate at the Dino BBQ in Syracuse and also thought the same thing. Would I come back? Not really, I prefer my own home cooked BBQ. Loud and very busy most days depending on the time of day which I don't mind really, because you can actually have a good time. I'm just not sure what all the "rave" is about this place, but I don't care for it.
Went out on a date with my boyfriend.  I'm relatively picky about BBQ since I lived in Texas.  It's refreshing that they are GF conscious and considerate.  Really good food and you will stuff yourself.
Considering that the Dinosaur and Rochester are a long way out of what one would consider "BarBQue Country," I found it outstanding. Matter of fact better than many I have found in my beloved South. The baby backs are done in a dry rub Memphis style to a pink smoked perfection of the meat on the inside. The fried green tomatoes, particularly their specials with the addition of shrimp may not be the very best but certainly top of the line. The selections of beers are outstanding and the kicky, somewhat semi-dive like atmosphere of the place all adds to an enjoyable dinning experience. For a BBQ located in a place like Rochester, this is about as good as it gets.
The hostess greeted us quickly. We were seated within 5 mins. They sat us next to the window where you could see the dam/reservoir. It kept our two kids busy (we appreciate free entertainment for the kids). I ordered 2 Roy Rogers (coke with grenadine) and the kids 2 saranac root beers. We also ordered and split the Mac n cheese, fries and side fruit salad. My wife ordered the tres niños and I got the tres hombres. The meat was super tender and smoky. Mashed potatoes great and the Mac n cheese has a spicy pepper flavor (delicious). Look forward to bringing my parents from cali here.
This place is really cool.  First time in rochester, I had the pleasure in eating here.  The wait was 2 hours long on a saturday, and what i've heard, that's the norm.  But hanging out the bar with friendly bartendors made the wait enjoyable.  The ribs were amazing, the meat fell right off the bones.  The mac and cheese side was also really good.  Corn bread was horrible and dissapointing, but i won't penalize them for it. We sat by the window and had a great view of the river.  Overall, a great experience, but go on the weekdays, it gets too crowded
Thinking about this place makes my mouth water.  Hands down the best mac and cheese I have ever had.
I've bought bottles of their slatherous sauce every time I make a return to Western New York!  I finally had the opportunity to travel east on the I-90 to Rochester, New York to try their slow cooked goodness!!!  I stopped in for lunch and had no wait...in fact the place was dead!!!  Their drink menu is HUGE, but a bit on the pricey side in my opinion.  I went with the sweet tea, and found it really good.  As for my dish, I picked the pulled pork/brisket combo for $13.95.  The plates come with cornbread and two sides, and so I picked Mac & cheese, and slaw.  Everything put in front of me lived up to my sky high expectations, and can not get wait to get back to this treasure on the Genesee!!!
Dinosaur is a great BBQ joint. However, I don't quite understand what everyone goes so crazy about. Don't get me wrong - the food is great, service is average, but there are quite a few other places in Rochester that do BBQ just as good. Check it out for sure!
Love this place.  I go here everytime i'm back in Rochester.  Love the food and location.
Great BBQ, very good allergy listings and knowledgeable staff. The most amazing Mac and Cheese!
A really great moderately priced place that serves truly GOOD barbeque. The beef brisket isn't as good as the pulled pork, but the ribs are always a home run. The sides are also tasty. Even better, their craft beer draft and bottled lists are impressive and the whole theme of the place is interesting and fun for a night out -- a biker's blues and bbq joint with nightly music and southern American decor. You'll wait awhile for your table, so head on over to the bar and order a fresh one! BTW, if you can handle it, the wango tango sauce has a kick and is delicious!
Wow! Great BBQ! Got the small platter, I think it was called the Tres Ninos or something like that. Even then it was an amazing amount of food. Also got the wings as a starter. They were some of the best wings I've ever had. Big too! They must be from mutant chickens.
Meat!!  Definitely a carnivore's heaven.  The pulled pork was oh-so-amazing and not drenched in sauce.  The ribs had incredible texture and smokey flavour. The beef brisket was my least favorite but not bad at all. We made the trip into Rochester especially for this place and what a great decision that was! Service was fantastic. The beer selection extensive. Add in that happening-bbq-house vibe, and what a time we had! Found it strange that the 'fresh veggie' side was over baked broccoli that was more cheddar cheese than greens, but I guess we're not here for our health anyway. Here's to bbq done so right!
There are so many things to love about Dino. The biker bar, honky tonk, family hybrid atmosphere is just great. They often have live music too. Then there is the food. Yes their BBQ is awesome, maybe not the best, but darned good.  It's their sides that make the meal. I can't go without their tomato cucumber salad or Cajun corn. The Mac salad and friend green tomatoes are top notch too.  Down a couple local Rochester brews while you're there to make it a real night or lunch outing. Oh, going in warm weather is good too. There is outside seating and there are lots of cool motorcycles to see. And... Before I forget, their catering team is courteous and very thorough. I love enjoying Dino at work events or at home for parties where no one wants to cook. A Rochester staple.
With all the hype about this place, my parents and I decided to drive out to Rochester just to try it. Both the service and food was good. We weren't disappointed but we weren't blown away either. Perhaps if we had wandered in with no expectations, my review would be higher. But I'm sorry, this place just didn't live up to, 'The BEST BBQ ever," rumors that we had been hearing. We had a great BBQ place right around the corner from where I lived and we all agreed that they remained #1.
Well there is no competition this place is the best.
Pulled Pork was phenomenal,  brisket was a little fatty for my liking but once you cut off the fat it was good.  Mac and cheese has a kick to it.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.
I miss the days when you had to be a social outcast to work here.  I miss the tattoo's, piercings and attitudes that went with the waitresses.  Don't get me wrong, the waitresses are great now, but something is missing now that they are normal.  It was more fun when you weren't sure if your waitress was going to throw your food down with a grunt and keep walking or if you were going to get the goth, pierced chick that made you slightly uncomfortable as she asked through her bull ring of a nose piercing if you needed a refill.   The food is great, and everyone else has commented on the BBQ meat so I will move along and talk about the soups.  There's a poblano pepper soup that is to die for, we have tried to replicate it and can't.  I even bought their cookbook and it isn't in there.  The gumbo is amazing, as is the corn chowder.   Also, the flight of beers is something that my fiance loves to get.  Do yourself a favor, don't pick your own beers out.  Let the bartender do it for you.  Ask for the bartender to put together a flight for you, and you will get some new flavors you have never tried.  My fiance is always walking out of there pretty happy with a new find.   Bring back the freaks!!!
Classic spot. you need to go. Not the best BBQ ever, but def the best BBQ anywhere upstate.
The sweetheart meal is soooooo nice!!! I love the ribs and corncake! The source is very good as well! It comes in a big plate: a full rack of ribs with 4 sides. But we want even more!!!
just flat awesome.
Came here for the first time in a few years and they still got it! Ribs here are freaking delicious and the corn bread is amazing. Nothing on the menu I cant say anything bad about. Service is great as usual. Sometimes parking can be a little annoying, most likely will have to park by the street and pay a few bucks but besides that this place is the best bbq joint in the 585 for sure hands down!
3.444 Stars The setting is quite picturesque, it is literally over the Genesee River. A truly great restaurant on several fronts. I hesitate to say BBQ "joint" as it's a too big and they are a legit family/pickup/hangout type place. We saw bohemians, young couples and singles, as well as multi-generational families. It is big, expansive even. I loved the bar, very old style East Coast, that takes you back to horse drawn beer delivery. They also have a nice selection of craft beer including local beer/ales. There was no music this night but the venue looked ideal for intimate gigs. It get's crowded, we went on a Friday night after 6pm and had a 45 minute wait slimmed down to only 25 minutes, that was very kewl. The Take Out line seemed to be a perpetual motion machine, a short line that never ended with people hauling large and small orders away.  In fact all the staff were in high gear it was a very charged atmosphere. Hanging out quaffing an ale and the smoked meat aroma was pleasant enough and really set our appetites. We were seated in a large booth towards the back of the front room. It had a river view and also afforded a panorama of the chaos. Our choice of appetizers was; catfish, fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs, and BBQ chicken wings(second hottest setting). The Deviled eggs were my favorite. The wings were meaty, the sauce was excellent. The Catfish and tomatoes were good, and we finished them off. We were four so we got 2 straight up rib plates and  two that mixed brisket, pulled pork and chicken. The ribs were a bit of a let down, they had decent flavor but slightly chewy, I'm not a falling off the bone fan per se, but I like the meat to yield more. The brisket was better in consistency but the flavor was just ok. The pulled pork was a tad dry. The chicken was also a little dry. I tried all the meat plain first then added sauce after. So after this one time visit, an admitedly small sample, I'd say the pulled  pork was my favorite, the deviled eggs haunt me even now, I really loved them. It's a good bet I'll be back to Rochester in the next year, if I do visit I'd go here again. * great all round experience. * knowledgeable friendly staff. * excellent people watching spot. * not sure you can avoid the crowds, but worth a wait.
Late lunch/ dinner sort of. I was promptly seated by the hostess at a booth with views of the river. Ordered the seasonal October brew and Fried green tomatoes to start. The brew was refreshing nice body. The tomatoes delicious, crisp and topped with grated cheese and a cup of cayenne sauce.  The 1/4 rack rib plate was more than enough. My sides dishes were black beans and rice and a green salad. the black beans were spicy and rich. Corn bread rounded off the plate. The cheesecake is not the NY style, but it was ok. just had a bite I went at an off hour, I can see that this place gets packed at peak hours. My waiter Caleb was very nice and helpful with the choices.
For my first experience eating at a real BBQ restaurant it was a good one. I had a pulled pork sandwich with an amazing chili and a rice special dish Everything was so juicy and flavorful.  Between me and my ex the meal was $40ish after tip. I cant remember what he ordered but I remember picking at it and liking it.
no words. The best ribs I have ever tasted.
Best macaroni salad ever! The food was very reasonable and the portions are amazing. Great food, a must try!
I would give it three stars based on the food alone, but the experience was fun enough to earn an extra star.  Honestly, their BBQ wasn't anything special.  I was mildly disappointed with the brisket, but the ribs were very good.  The real delight was the atmosphere.  It went around 8PM and sat at the bar.   They had live music and everyone seemed to be having a good time. I would still strongly recommend going, just lower your BBQ expectations.
Really good BBQ.  One of the better places to eat in Rochester.
I've been to this location several times but let's be clear:  it's not as good as the original.  Don't get me wrong - it's good - just not AS good. In any event, my most recent experience left a poor taste in my mouth.  I called Dinosaur recently to make a reservation for my family of four.  They told me they don't take reservations for parties that are less than six people, but that I could call back before I was ready to come in to put our names on the list.   I called at approximately 7:00 p.m. on a Friday and was told that there was a 45-minute wait.  I asked if they could put my name on the list--as they told me I could earlier--and the hostess replied that "they were no longer doing that for the night." So, we went somewhere else that WOULD put our name on the list.
DELICIOUS. Great portions and prices. Fun atmosphere, friendly staff.
We stopped here on Valentines Day before catching a hockey game right around the corner at blue cross arena.  We arrived about 5 and there was already a 30 minute wait, along with plenty of people in line to pick up take out. Once we sat down, we got a great seat looking out over some water.  We started off with the poutine which was delicious...it came with pulled pork on top and was a bit between the 3 of us.  For dinner, I had the traditional sampler which for 17$ is a great amount of food.  Ribs, chicken, brisket, cornbread and two sides (I had the coleslaw and veggie of the day which was sweet potatoes). The meat was all very good and for 17$ you are given very generous portions.  The coleslaw wasn't anything special but it was good, sweet potatoes were like desert....very tasty.   They have a great beer list, including their own brewed pale ale which was pretty good. They let you order a pint or a half pint which is nice. Overall I look forward to checking out our new Buffalo location. I have had better BBQ,but I also have had a lot worse. For the price, and a fun night out with good beers this place is definitely worth it! Just expect to wait if you go for dinner, they only take reservations for 6 or more.
I went with my family on the way to Canada because everyone was saying how great it was. When I got there it was really crowded. Make reservations so you don't have to wait for a table especially if you have a big group. There was 7 of us and we ordered the family BBQ meal, it was the one that had a little bit of everything. It is def the best deal if you have a big group. There was so much food, we had extra food that we couldn't finish. It was kinda of overrated there are better BBQ places then this.
This place is as much about the biker bar atmosphere as the BBQ. With a beer menu that has 24 on tap and 33 in bottles and cans, you can understand the bar reputation. (These include their own Dinosaur offerings, a gluten-free option,and cans of PBR). I've usually had brisket here, it's always tender and juicy. The pulled pork is great, also. Unless you ask otherwise, it comes topped with their sauce. The table is equipped with four sauces, ketchup (?? Who needs this?), Frank's Red Hot, and their own Cajun Foreplay spice rub. All the sauces are good, even the habanero  one is not too hot (you are up North, after all). Baked beans have meat in them. Seasonal sides are a great choice. I've had the apples in the past, and am sad when they are not on the menu. Today was a cold carrot salad--shredded carrots with cucumber and onion in a sugar vinegar dressing. Simple, cool, tart and crunchy with the meat. Dependable BBQ up North has been hard to find. This place is the real deal. PS-some of the tables have wonderful river views.
We got the sweetheart deal for two, which consisted of a rack of ribs and four sides.  The place was packed but the wait time was only 15 min.  The atmoshpere of this place made me feel like I was in Memphis with all the Jazz pictures and music.  If your hungier than a hostage and your stomach is touching this is the place for you.
I love Dinosaur, I love the food, and the ambiance. I've had their  ribs, beef brisket, and BBQ chicken, all delicious. Their other non-BBQ items are less predictable. Their fried green tomatoes are amazing, but their jambalaya not so much. But it is a BBQ place, and the BBQ is great, so four stars for doing great BBQ
Awesome BBQ! If there is a reason to travel to any city, Dino BBQ is it!! Had the sampler platter....totally rocks...That's right bets BBQ north of Mason Dixon.
First of all, thanks, Erin, for graciously giving my friend and I some of your wings to try out and some food suggestions.  Also for keeping it real on being a teacher and some good conversation. Dinosaur Bar-B-Que has some outstanding food and was well worth the just-over-an-hour wait on a Saturday late afternoon before the Knighthawks game.  My friend and I headed to the bar where the Captain and Cokes were flowing freely and inexpensive @ $5 each.  The place was a former train station and all nice worn-down wood all over.  The barkeeps were quite busy but attentive to all. After being called to the table, we wished Erin a good time at the game (she was going, too) and sat down for some awesome Q.  My friend had some sliders which he thought were really tasty especially when added with some of the extra sauces on the table.  I started with some of the best wings I've ever had.  I had 6 divided into the garlic (3 out of 4 on the hotness menu) and inferno (4 out of 4).  Talk about tasty and spicy - these were so good!  For a main meal, I went with the Fandango which included a 5oz steak (super thin slice but quite tasty), pulled pork, and a 1/4 slab ribs.  The pulled pork was very tender and flavorful and included sauce on it so I did not need any more.  The ribs came off the bone so easily and also did not need any extra sauce.  My sides of beans (came with some pulled pork in them so you know they were good), cole slaw (average but mayo based and chunky), and corn bread (not that great). I have to say, especially with the wings, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que ranks right up there with some of the BBQ I've had in Memphis, TN! Who knows if I'll ever be back in Rochester?  But, if I am, I'm absolutely coming back to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que! About $50 not including tip for 2. Our very pregnant server was quite nice and also attentive which earned her a generous tip. I wish I left the Knighthawks game early to come back to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que for some takeout on my 6-hour bus ride home back to Philly.
Hell Yeah!!! Dino BBQ ya cant go wrong.  Awesome food, HUGE portions, a kick ass beer list and some of the best Mac n Cheese you will EVER cram into your filthy mouth hole.  Can't forget to add how bad ass the bands who play through here are.  Blue and BBQ for a date? Yes please, and if she doesnt like Blue, well slap her in the face and send her home because you are wasting your time on a bimbo with a crap taste in music.  I took off one star just because I personally am not a fan of the chicken, just way too slimy for me but others might enjoy it so no hate.
Honestly one of the best BBQ places I have ever been! And I travel a lot. The food was out of this world great! Some places you have to smother in BBQ sauce to eat it all, but not here! Can't say enough about how good the food was! Service was top notch as well! Wonderful staff! Friendly! Everything I like about a great place to eat! I'd give more than 5 stars if I could!!
This place is pretty damn good, but there are some other good BBQ places in Rochester (Beale Street, Sticky Lips).  This place is by no means the holy grail of BBQ that some in Rochester make it out to be.  But it is good, and I have never had a bad meal here--I'm just not blown away by it like some people apparently are.  It is one of those places that I take people when they visit, but not one that I go to often with other people that live in Rochester.
I'm very particular about BBQ.  It's like candy - you should only have it occasionally as a treat.  That said, Dinosaur BBQ is some of the best restaurant BBQ I've had. Originally from Rochester, I was in town for the weekend meeting up with an old friend on my second visit to Dino, the prior being during the 2013 Fringe Fest.  I made reservations through OpenTable on Yelp for three people at 1pm on Memorial Day weekend and everything was in order when we arrived.  We were even able to be reseated in a quieter section, as the volume in many areas requires shouting to be heard. Service was quick and hasty, but polite and understandable considering the crowd.  Most combos come with pork ribs which I'm not a fan of, but I was able to order a custom concoction of chicken, brisket, and hot links. The chicken was excellent, the brisket is very fatty, but I was not a fan of the chunky links which needed a bit more grinding to make the snouts and entrails less obvious. Sauces are what really makes the place soar.  Each one is very tasty, and they don't shy away from the kickin' flavors, such as my favorite: the garlic chipotle pepper - make sure you bring antacids! The beans were in a sauce so thick that I was unable to tell what the other ingredients were, but still appetizing.  Cucumber and tomato salad rounded it out, a bit drowned in vinaigrette. The location right in downtown overlooking the river and perched above the abandoned subway tunnels is a big part of the charm.
It's purty darn good although their brisket is nothing to go crazy about. Best were their ribs, they had a nice smoke ring, were tender, and had a beautiful bark on'em. Their pulled pork was nice although it lacked that smoke flavor I'm addicted to. Since they are a NY chain, I'd avoid wearing any Red Sox gear if you want to avoid getting harassed!
Good BBQ, although I prefer Sticky Lips.  The only downside to Dinosaur is the wait.  Prepare to wait for at least an hour to get seated.
Great pork and sides. Tons of beer on tap. Definitely worth trying.
ive had many bbq places and i can actually say i like texas bbq in spencerport's bbq sauce better.  however, it is all preference of course and dinosaur is still good. the place seems huge from the inside but not the outside so there is plenty of seating, but you go on a busy weekend night and you'll wait for hours. they take reservations but up to a certain amount a day, so call early! the bar is in the back with not much room to stand so going back to wait by the door and host is best. the menu is available to look at before sitting and there are many options of course. i shared the couple meal which included a full rack and 4 sides. plenty of food and so delicious! i will come back here but probably on a less busy night
Smoky, meaty pulled pork and brisket. Great selection of sauces, from hickory flavors to spicy to tangy. I like that the sides are not an afterthought. We enjoyed the coleslaw, which had both red and white cabbage and was not overly creamy. Side salad was bigger than expected and full of vegetables. Mashed potatoes and gravy hit the spot. Really nice selection of draft beer as well. Get the beer flight to sample 4 different flavors.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Dinosaur BBQ!!! My ultimate favorite restaurant in Rochester. I have been here countless times over the last 13 years... Including probably 8 birthday dinners!!! I have NEVER had a bad meal here. My usual is the delicious pulled pork. The fresh cut fries are unreal! The grilled wings are unbelievable! Yes, this place is usually crowded... Because it's THAT good. Grab a beer or glass of wine and be patient... It'll be worth the wait!!! I've also gone on "off" days or unusual times and haven't had a wait. Other times I have just ordered takeout instead of waiting for a table. The live music is fun too! Some people say Sticky Lips is better than   Dino's... I finally tried Sticky Lips and personally, NO comparison! Still love my Dino's. Oh yeah, and also tried Famous Dave's since and Dino's is still on top in my book!
This is the type of place where you feel at home the first time you walk in.  From the fragrant smell of smoke to low key decor Dinosaurs is a BBQ lover's Meca. The brisket and ribs were great. And the chocolate chip Jim Beam pecan pie is must. You might want to have your dessert first otherwise you may be too full. The Q is that good.
Being from Kansas City I was reluctant to try BBQ from upstate New York, but I went ahead anyway. I wasn't disappointed at all either thy smoked their meats very well and made everything tender and juicy. Good job Dino BBQ!
What else can I say but "I love you." Really good pulled pork, cole slaw, mac salad, and salad dressing. I love the BBQ sauce and will pour that all over the ribs and pork when I get it. MMM mmmmm!
Really great birthday dinner here at the Dino Q. Other reviews said that the wait would take an hour or so and I was a little worried about that before I went. We were told an hour for our party of 6 but were seated in what seemed like less than half an hour. That was definitely helped by the mass amounts of motorcycles rolling through and the outdoor bar. The food was really great, I ordered the half brisket/pulled pork with Mac and cheese and beans. Really it was all great, especially the sides! I would rate 5 stars but the brisket I thought could have been better and cornbread didn't need to be so dry. Don't get me wrong, the brisket was good, better than most. But it still didn't have that "fall apart tenderness" that awesome BBQ brisket has.
Amazing barbecue, pretty good selection of beer, and a great atmosphere. I used to work right next to this place, and let me just say the place gets quite busy after work on a Thursday/Friday/Saturday.  The portion sizes are quite large so either come hungry or enjoy left overs the next day. Delivery is always well organized and surprisingly fast for delicious food. Well worth a trip.
Dinosaur theme? Check Delicious BBQ? Check A hopping crowd, even on a weeknight? Check It was early summer in Rochester, and the downtown was dead on a cool Tuesday night. I was joining friends in town for a competition at RPI, and we had the first night off. It was a perfect opportunity to explore what Rochester had to offer before an early morning the next day. We had a huge group (15+ people) and the hostess at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que was happy to accommodate us (even without a reservation!) within the hour. While we waited, we had a few beers, looked out over the Genesee River and reveled in the scene around us. There were bikers wearing leather jacket drinking glasses of beer. There were families helping their young children in high-chairs scoop their mac and cheese (pro tip: it's a delicious side) There were groups of friends and students, young and old. Other reviewers will tell you that the BBQ is delicious. I'll remember that I snatched a glimpse of the diverse people of Rochester. It's a chain, but boy is it uniquely NY.
Place is pretty cool, reminds me of the southern states! Their ribs are good but not amazing because i've had better! But they do give you a good portion for the amount that you're paying for it. I got the sweetheart deal which comes with full rack of ribs and 4 sides, and it was A LOT to take in, in one sitting even for two people. I had some left overs! Servers are nice and friendly. And they give you a free dessert if it's your birthday! So let them knoww
I truly don't get what the big fuss is about. The food is decent, but more like what you'd get at a chain restaurant. Plus the food came out way too quick. The ambiance is busy, noisy and massive. Not in a good way. I get the feeling that they're trying to serve as many people as possible rather than have people enjoy their food experience. We were asked repeatedly if we needed our check, as if they needed the table to turn over quickly. Didn't hate it, but don't think I'd take people here from out of town.
Thoroughly mediocre. Nothing memorable food-wise. If you're in rochester, you could do a lot worse, but this place shouldn't be on anyone's BBQ tour.
The whole family loves going to Dino! Generous portions! The Mac n Cheese is awesome with a little spicy kick. Sometimes we call ahead and pick up an order to take home. Do not come here if you are in a rush for a movie or event at Blue Cross Arena because there is usually a wait. Kids are usually given free temporary tattoos. If the server doesn't bring them, just ask!
I've heard about this place since moving to New York State, and it didn't disappoint this native Texan. Located in basically a family-friendly biker bar style joint, perched above the banks of the river in downtown, the Dinosaur unfortunately doesn't have a parking lot. As you walk to the restaurant, you can definitely smell the smokers from the street, as well as the smell of money, because this place was totally packed mid-afternoon on a Saturday. The menu has a wide array of home-style sides, assorted steaks, and various barbeque styles, ranging from Memphis pork to Texas beef, there's something for everyone. The selection of beers was solid, but I was more impressed by the Southern sweet tea (woo hoo!). We ordered an appetizer of sausage, pimento cheese and crackers. I didn't really expect what was brought to the table, which was a refined presentation of simple ingredients prepared as mini pieces of white-trash art. They were amazing, and I wanted more! many, many more. I would give the Dinosaur five stars for these alone. My actual meal consisted of barbequed chicken, brisket (like any good Tejano would order), "Cajun" mac-n-cheese, fries and cornbread. The sides were delicious, spicy-creamy-carby macaroni plus perfectly fried, hand-cut fries were worth the visit alone. I wasn't as dazzled by my meat options, however. They were pretty good, but I've had better, although not in Rochester. There was too much sauce on everything, which in Texas usually means they are trying to cover up the taste of sub-par meat. This meat wasn't bad at all, but next time I visit, I will ask for the sauce on the side. The service rocked, but the prices were a smidge high. I'll definitely be back.
Exquisite.  Went two days in a row at the tail end of a week-long visit to Rochester.  The brisket, fantabulous.  The ribs and chicken, finger-lickin' good.  (I had the traditional sampler platter.)  Also, great table service on Monday by Sean (the bar was a little busy on a Sunday the day before).
I always come here for BBQ when I go to Rochester. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is fun and the people are nice. Fried Green Tomatoes are awesome!
We live in Corn Hill and also pass Dino every day on our way to and from work, so we are frequently tempted to get Dino takeout in particular. Some days when we pass it we want to go in at 8am because it smells that good. My husband and I were recently discussing that sometimes it might smell better than it actually tastes (not that it doesn't taste good - it's just that the smell is unreal!). I am not a huge pork fan, so I don't get the ribs, but my husband likes them. They are not his favorite because his family has an amazing rib recipe that no one has ever beat, so he doesn't order the Dino ones often. My husband does like the Original, Carolina and Cuban pork BBQ sandwiches, though. My favorite of the three is the Carolina, I think. I love the coleslaw contrasting against the meat and BBQ sauce. My personal favorite is the chopped brisket melt. I often need extra BBQ sauce, but the flavors are great. I adore the sautéed onions and cheddar that come on it. I also love the pressed Cuban roll that it's supposed to come with; however, recently I've often been served a regular roll, to my disappointment, because that Cuban roll is really, really good. To change it up a little bit, I like the BBS - brisket, bacon & Swiss. I always get mac & cheese as one side, and then either the BBQ beans or Cajun corn as the other. For apps we like the fried green tomatoes and catfish strips. Their wings are also delicious, according to my husband and brother (I'm not a huge wing-lover). My husband and brother also love the burgers, which I honestly never even remember to try because I'm so focused on the more traditional BBQ. We also have enjoyed getting Dino catered for special events, including annually at the Corn Hill Festival and for my husband's MBA graduation, family parties, etc. We recommend the sandwich plan with macaroni & cheese and seasonal vegetables as the sides. Make sure to order enough for leftovers! =)
Been back to Dinosaur a good 3 times in the last 4 months. The food has not been good. Dry and, well it just is not good. The first time was great. But now, I do not like going there. Someone told me they make their food all at once in a day then just heat it up. Well the ribs taste that way. The bar is a joke. this is not a place you want to go unless you like to be side to side with other people and get your drink bumped out of your hand. Maybe if I try and go early before 6pm the food might be better.
