Quality ingredients, well prepared. Very pleasant wait staff. I had the mexican omelet and loved the fluffy eggs and the spicy ingredients were perfect for my palate. I only would have asked for just a little more sauce but probably that is as much personal taste as anything. The home fries were also great. I will stop in again if I am in the Utica area for breakfast.
If you want a good breakfast, don't go to the deli, Drive to this place and fill up your belly. The portions are huge and sure to satisfy, So come down, come hungry, and give it a try! We were looking for a good place to have breakfast with a large group in Utica. Top of the Morning Cafe worked out perfectly. Found it right around the corner from Price Chopper in North Utica on the same street as FastTrac. We were seated quickly and brought two fresh cups of coffee. From there our waitress slowed down a bit in terms of service, but whatever. We weren't in a rush. I got some type of special egg dish that came on top of Utica Greens. It was alright. Lacked the saltiness and flavor I expect from my Greens. However, the portion was huge and I didn't eat again until dinner. Girlfriend got a veggie frittata which was pretty wonderful. Plenty of parking, plenty of seating. Would come back for another fresh start to my day.
Four and a half stars. Terrific breakfast. Fantastic service. Irish themed diner like place. The ribeye steak and eggs with Utica greens is outstanding. Huge portions. Wife's combo breakfast had good sampling of breakfast selections and it was all great except for over cooked bacon (but, some people like it so that may not be a negative for all) son's chicken tenders and fries were great. Big drinks, not like I. Some places. Only real issue was that there was lipstick only coffee cup not washed off. I'll give them it was an oversight, albeit not a fun one to almost drink from. But overall: I'll be back.
I feel some of the best food in the utica area.  Service was outstanding.
Came here just passing through to Albany. The food was amazing, and came quick. The waitresses super nice and organized! Place was busy and they had 2 waitresses running like little busy ants. Prices cheap, food excellent, very good coffee. RECOMMEND!!!
Good place for those heading up North instead of Downtown Utica. Kids enjoyed Mickey Mouse pancakes and the Omelette was a very generous portion. Waitress was friendly and willing to customize our meals for vegetarian fare.
Awesome breakfast spot. If you want to experience local Utica cuisine, this is the spot. Huge portions, so come hungry or make it brunch. Full of locals. Numerous versions of Utica greens on the menu, and they make them with romaine, so they're a little lighter than the escarole/kale version. Giambotte was excellent. Will be back.
Like a previous reviewer alluded to, the cook isn't a fan of customizing your breakfast. The staff is pretty good at 7:30am, but the food isn't. The toast I more like warm bread, and I wouldn't recommend getting your eggs poached. Huge portions too, I wish I had the stomach to get one of the specials.
I took some family down here for breakfast who were in from out of town. One elderly person ordered his meal with NO cheese on it. His wife also mentioned to the waitress to please make sure there is no cheese on it cause he will not eat it. When the dish came out there wasn't just cheese on it but EXTRA cheese. This had to have been done on purpose. How can you mistake NO cheese with EXTRA cheese. When I questioned the waitress about the cheese she just said "sorry." Never given a replacement without cheese or had his meal taken off the bill. He never touched his meal. We will NEVER go to this place again.
Great breakfast spot!  Service is pleasant and attentive.  Always busy, but they seat you quickly.  Good selection of food and always prepared well. Prices might be $1 too high, but with great service and quality food I won't complain.
Holy cow those eggs! The omelette was eggceptional! "It's bigger in here than it looks (from the outside)" overheard on the way. This must be the best breakfast/brunch spot in Utica. Thank you Yelp for helping me find the way.
I should have figured by the name of the restaurant that this place was a hot spot in the morning, not in the evening. The waitresses were SO friendly- I really couldn't complain or even sending back my food without feeling horrible- so I didn't. I thought I would take a little adventure off of the main road and try something that seemed local. I had NO idea what homemade "greens" were- and I still don't know. It was some sort of melted mix of green vegetables and cheese... but I couldn't figure out what the vegetables were. All I can say is that I was pretty sick for the last 2 hours of my trip- certainly keeping me from ever ordering "greens" again. My companion ordered a steak sandwich of the sort- and he couldn't pick up the sandwich because it had gotten so soggy that it fell apart. The meat (both his "steak" and my chicken) had a peculiar taste- so much so, neither of us ate. The best part of the meal was the friendly service and the salads that came with the entrees. Really wished it was a better spot for dinner- but maybe that's why it seems everyone else came for breakfast!
Their "Utica greens" are outstanding and the generosity of the restaurant is heart warming
I really liked this place because it's local and friendly. But when you find a hair in your food and the owner couldn't be bothered to come apologize while wondering around the dining room visiting with the people he knows, you change your mind. And you shouldn't have to pay for a hair infested dish...
Great breakfast spot. Excellent friday fish fry.  Clean, excellent staff, and homey atmosphere.
Popped in here for a short stop on a road trip. Consensus reached by everyone in the car: this place is awesome! The waitress was such a sweetheart, and made us feel at home in this obviously locals only joint. We all had the special Shaped Prime Rib Sandwich, comes with provolone, onions, and mushrooms, and perfectly crispy golden fries. Don't forget to ask for a side of ranch, duh!
I couldn't find it. Not sure if address was incorrect or just hard to find.
Let me say that this place used to be my favorite breakfast spot but they are quickly going downhill fast. I hate to slam them but I am going to give an honest review here. My last two visits were awful. I don't think I'll be going back. The service seems to be getting worse instead of better. I had to wait ten minutes for a waitress to get to table and acknowledge me and then another ten for the coffee. That's unheard of anywhere. The waitress said they were busy. Well you are a dinner and will always be busy. She needs to pick up the pace a little and get moving and quit making excuses. This is the blonde waitress who has a table or two in the back past the bathroom. My order was screwed up the last two visits. When I told the waitress she said she was sorry and she would correct the order and redo my greens. As I was finishing up my breakfast she brought the missing greens out along with the check. I told her I don't want them now and just want to pay. She tells me that the greens would have been done sooner but other people ordered before she put my greens in. I think my greens should have been made a priority because they were part of my steak and greens order that was screwed up by them. She should have made sure I got them immediately. I don't know whats going on there but they better make some changes if they want to retain costumers. Maybe they need to retrain a couple of the slower waitresses if they can't handle the pressure.
Wonderful breakfast! Ham and cheese omelette was very tasty and the oatmeal was not overcooked. And the prices were refreshingly low - I don't remember the last time I got away for less than $2 for drinks, but good coffee was only $1.40, less than $10 for the whole breakfast!
