Fabulous authentic geek food, delightful family owned restaurant. Baklava is some of the best I have eaten   Great experience for a business traveler looking for local eats.
4 1/2 stars, the only deduction for us being that the restaurant location is in a fading, slightly seedy area ( in UTICA? Aw, c'mon!) that is slightly off the beaten path, so if you don't have a car it's a cab ride from the station or hotel. If you're on the Thruway it's a pretty easy place to exit for; GPS finds it just fine. The food quality is superb. We each had variations of moussaka that came in huge portions, making great leftovers for a later lunch. The greek vegetables that come with the entree were good, and quite typical of the genre.Salads were nicely fresh, service (by the owner) was perfect, and the food was delivered quite timely (though it was a bit late in the evening and not even a hint of busy, so perhaps it could be different at a very busy time.) As has been pointed out, lunch is takeout only. All in all, we had a great experience; highly recommend this place and hope the locals (and travelers) continue to support it!
I stopped in for lunch today and got a gyro with the feta on top.  The restaurant isn't very welcoming at all (you order through a window it would be difficult to deliver mail through) but when I tasted the gyro all was forgiven.  The meat is tender and plentiful and the feta is easily the best I've ever had.  The prices are quite reasonable too. The restaurant is take out ONLY at lunch, you can't sit anywhere.
So great!  A nice family owned and run. So well done.. All of our meals were excellent .  The Lamb the Shrimp is to die for. They make even the simple pita bread , tastes like its special... This place really Super.
Just a small family owned Greek restaurant in the middle of Utica. You step up into the restaurant/home and you think you might be entering into a scene from "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" Oh my!  The walls and the furniture!  But take one big sniff and all is forgotten!  You open the doors and smell that wonderful aroma coming from the kitchen.  Momma and Son are waiting tables and talking to the guests.  Very nice and welcoming environment.  We were told to stop by on our way out and ring the bell by the kitchen and introduce ourselves to the cook ....to say hello and let him know how much we loved out dinner before we left:)  I think his name was Spiro?  Hope you are recovering well from your surgery by the way...Spiro!  My fiance and I both ordered a combination plate.  Mine was with chicken and my fiance had lamb.  I do say that I enjoyed the chicken plate more...the lamb seemed a bit spicy but both plates were still the best authentic Greek food I have ever tasted by far.  A bit pricey....but I live by the motto...you get what you pay for...yum....I will make a special drive to Utica just to eat at Acropolis.  It will have to be at the end of October.  I was told the Greek Family is away on a vacation cruise.  Highly recommend the place if you get to the town of Utica in your adventures:)
A gem of a restaurant!  The food is delicious and authentically Greek, created by the chef who is from Corfu. Some of the best pastitsio and moussaka I've had. Prices are reasonable and service is friendly and efficient. What a find in Utica. Worth getting off the thruway and easy to find with a GPS.
OK, I hate to sound insensitive here, but a friend of mine and I went out to the Acropolis a little while ago as the "Light The Night" walk for leukemia was finishing up.  (We had no idea that the race was actually ending at the restaurant itself until 5 minutes after we got there.)  It took almost 10 minutes for any staff to come out and notice us, even though the restaurant was fairly full.  The lady who owns the place came out and acted like we were bugging her when we asked if a table was available.  She then launched into a LONG guilt-trip about the walk, and how her son has leukemia, etc., obviously trying to guilt us into giving money to the cause.  Both my friend and I give to charities on our own time, but we both are more than a little turned off when someone essentially puts you on the spot in an attempt to get money out of you.  We've *all* had relatives get sick and die from horrible diseases, but to guilt-trip your customers (after ignoring them for way longer than is proper in a small restaurant,) is seriously beyond rude.  (I should note that we politely sympathized/nodded, so it's not like this behavior was warranted.)  The owner then almost begrudgingly gave us a table, and the *two* waiters that were assigned to our section continued to ignore us as they brought drinks/food and took orders from neighboring tables.  (I have nothing but sympathy for wait staff doing their best in a busy environment, but ignoring us --which, I suspect, was passive-aggressive "punishment" for not being part of the walk/falling over ourselves about the cause-- was beyond unconscionable.)  My friend and I --due to the stellar meals we've had at the Acropolis in the past, and due to the fact that neither of us had eaten there in ages since I moved away-- put up w/the snubbing for 20 minutes without so much as anyone asking to take our drink order, and then left.  This used to be one of my favorite restaurants of all time, and I used to go so often that the owners actually remembered me and my usual order when I came in.  I have to say that after this rude behavior, I'd seriously hesitate to ever go again when I visit Utica.  If a restaurant wants to only serve people that belong to a certain organization for a given night, isn't it just common sense to put a sign on the door or somesuch to essentially let the general public know that's the case?  Why go ahead and seat --and then purposely alienate-- patrons who knew nothing of this beforehand?
After all the great reviews we've read about this place, I figured it was time to give it a try.   After having experience wonderful Greek restaurants in Europe and along the East Coast, it was time to see what Utica had to offer.   Unfortunately, the Acropolis didn't provide that hidden gem of a Greek restaurant that I was hoping would be found in CNY.   Instead, it left us wanting and confused where the money had gone.   To start,  the Greek salads were overly vinegar heavy and piled high with cucumbers instead of lettuce.  When you've got more cucumbers than lettuce then I say that's a problem.   Then came our main entree.   The Spinakopita tasted as good (or bad) as what you can find in any grocer's frozen food aisle.   It wasn't bad, but it wasn't what you'd expect from a upper, mid-scale Greek place.   Then came the Gyro plate.   The seasoned lamb combination that they use for Gyro protein was decent tasting, but the shaved strips of meat looked like they had been reheated and the perimeter of the meat was very tough.  Again it wasn't inedible, but I would expect better from a place charing almost $19 for Gyro plate.  The plate also came with vegetables that tasted like they had been stewing in juices all day long.  The carrots, green beans and the like were of a texture akin to baby food instead of the crisp texture expected of freshly made veggies.   Over all, I was very disappointed.   When the total bill for two people comes to over $50 in the Utica area, I expect a better dining experience than I could get at a corner food truck in any decent metropolitan area.   I had gone in with high hopes that maybe we had found a gem in Utica, but we left underwhelmed and confused.
Small, family-run restaurant. Food is excellent!  Staff has always been friendly. You must try the tzatziki!  It is fantastic:  it comes with grilled pita bread triangles brushed with oil; it is very creamy and garlicy. Literally, the best I have ever had. Parking is a little weird. Lunch is by take-out only, I think. Used to have a vegetable sandwich that was fantastic.
The food was absolutely delicious! I know greek food pretty well; my family is greek so I'm used to home cooked greek food, and this was just as good as my family makes! Plus, the chef was very sweet and chatted with us.  Some of the best greek i have had, plus great service!!
Yeah, the service can be a little iffy and the food is cooked to order (slowly), but man is it ever worth it.  And, usually the service is just fine.  Usually.  The saganaki is Amazing.  It is Greek food cooked by a man from Greece--it's authentic and delicious.
I am visiting Utica NY from my home near San Francisco and I must admit that I was skeptical about finding high quality cuisine in Utica. In the first 5 days of my visit, I have dined at the Acropolis twice, going back because the initial meal was more than memorable, just exactly what I love in a meal. The restaurant is not pretentious, just warm and easy to feel comfortable there, especially eating alone, which I was. The food is "oh my wonderful!" Simple authentic Greek dishes, prepared with love and care. I had the shrimp Neighborhood dish on my first visit and switched to lobster on the second. Both times I very much wanted to like the plate, like my dog Henry would want to do. Every single bite was perfection. A simple Greek salad, dressed with lemon and olive oil in exactly perfect proportions, a generous helping of marinated shrimp or lobster, and accompanied by some amazing Greek style pita, warm and soft. I am trying to figure out how to go again before I leave. I just cannot wait to savor this wonderful food again. The service is attentive but not too...and the other diners proved to be friendly and helpful with suggestions about where to find things around town. A girl could not ask for more in an overall perfect dining experience. You MUST try this restaurant. You will not be disappointed!
