The best Mexican in the area!  We live in LA and this is our fave for Mexican!  Always great service, food is consistently good, and the best guacamole I've found!  Try the cheese enchiladas - fantastic!  Patty and crew do a great job!
No. Just no. If you are fortunate enough to have eaten good Mexican food at some point in your life, you will not like this place. If you have yet to encounter truly good Mexican food, I am sorry to report that you will not find it here. The salsa was basically tomato paste given a Spanish name. The guacamole was terrible and visually resembled a somewhat opaque jello salad. It also came served as cold as the beer, which, I suppose, speaks well for their beer refrigeration capabilities. When I asked if the rice in the vegetarian burrito was vegetarian, I was informed it wasn't but that they could substitute rice pilaf. As attractive as a rice pilaf burrito sounded, especially given the outstanding appetizers, I elected to pass and cut my losses. After looking around the restaurant at other people's food it looked like much of it was smothered in sliced cheese. First, going universally overboard with the cheese is a mark of a crappy Mexican place and, second, using processed sliced cheese is a mark of a crappy Mexican place. Perhaps their American (mostly seafood) menu is better, who knows. I did enjoy the kitchy decor and our server was extremely nice and very attentive (though I'd put money on her never having enjoyed the pleasure of good Mexican food before). So five-star service with one-star food. I wish I could recommend a better spot, but I'm new to the area and have yet to find passible Mexican food. I'll keep hoping and searching, just not at Casa Too Mucha.
I should preface this review with two important factors. One, I recently moved to the Utica area from California, a place known to have the best Mexican food outside of Mexico. Two, this is purely a vegan review. We stopped in to try the place out to discover the rice is not vegetarian. Thus the entree options were very limiting. Our server did mention that the rice pilaf is vegetarian however that didn't sound quite as appealing in a burrito. So we forwent ordering burritos and stuck to beers and chips and guacamole. The chips were very tasty, light and crispy. However, the salsa was the consistency of a tomato paste with very little flavor. I can't say I have anything better to report about the guacamole. Simply put, it just wasn't very good. My optimism is unphased and my search for good Mexican in CNY will continue.
The first rule of Casa Too Mucha is that you have to say the name with a Spanish accent with emphasis on the "too much-a." The second rule is to lower your expectations. I'm always up for a night out at Casa Too Mucha for the pure kitchy glory of it all. It's like someone sat down one day and decided to convert the lower level of the house into a Mexican restaurant. The family sat down and asked "What should we put in our Mexican restaurant?" "Mexican stuff!" the children replied in a chorus of glee. Si, they have Mexican blankets, Mexican music, and if you're lucky, you might even get a seat next to a Mexican diorama, complete with a plastic Mexican lizard. You pretty much just have to embrace it. You park in the back lot and go in an understated entrance on the side of the building. You will be seated almost immediately. Then you will order a margarita. Let the good times roll! I'm not the type of person that goes to a Mexican joint and orders just a taco with red beans and rice. I like to be adventurous - sometimes an unenviable trait. Fortunately, I've been pleased with the variety of menu options, having ordered a delightful broccoli stuffed chicken breast on my last visit. Although I'm pretty sure it wasn't very authentic, I liked it just the same. My husband sticks to his tradition of ordering a giant chimichanga every time we go and he has a giant smile on his face every time they bring out his plate. He usually looks a little green by the time he's finished his meal, but hey, it's part of the tradition. What I'm trying to say is that the atmosphere may leave something to be desired, but we return time and time again for the food, memories, and to bask in the undeniably unique, yet politically incorrect, glory of it all.
This is, hands down, not only the worst Mexican food, but the worst food of any kind that we have encountered since moving to Utica 6 months ago. We knew we were in trouble when we were served chips and a bland salsa made of canned tomatoes, bell peppers, and some kind of thickening agent, possibly corn starch. Our troubles were only compounded when the entrée was served. The refried beans were an unappetizing brown blob with a few drops of some cheese-like substance melted on top. They were more texture than taste, and the texture was reminiscent of wallpaper paste. I think they must have been reconstituted from a powder. The rice was a gooey mess of rice, tomato sauce and again that thickening agent, completely inedible.  The chicken tacos and burrito (I ordered pork) were tasteless (except for the bell peppers, something unheard of in Mexican cooking). The only saving grace was the shredded beef, which tasted faintly of Mexican-style spices. There was no salsa served with the entrée, but thinking back that was probably a blessing. I know we're far away from Mexico, but jeez, people, get a clue! The wait staff was cheerful and attentive. I'll give them that. The décor was nice, if you like rubber snakes and lizards.
I grew up in the area and grew up going to Casa Too Mucha for special dining occasions.  Whenever I'm back in the area, I do my darnedest to get here.  The decor is cute, albeit slightly tacky.  (Though, that's part of its charm.)  My favorite spot to sit is next to the lighted divider filled with sand and rubber snakes and spiders.  LOL We always order the fried calamari for appetizer.  It comes with mild red and hot white sauces.  For entrees, I recommend the Crabmeat Enchilada and Broccolito--both excellent choices!  The portions are large, so you will probably have some to take home with you, as well.  For an unusal (and tasty dessert), try the fried iced cream.  It's coated in panko and lightly fried.  Fabuloso! Long live Casa Too Mucha!
I tried to give ZERO stars, but Yelp will not let me.  This was the worst dining experience I have had in a VERY long time.  I cannot figure out why anyone would frequent this establishment.  The "broiled cajun scallops" I ordered came to the table mostly cooked-- not quite done-- and sitting in a bath of cold oil.  My husband's "cajun fish fry" was also underdone, with very little seasoning.  My step-daughter's "kraft macaroni and cheese" was so over-cooked that it was mush.   Please read KWM's review of the salsa.  I could not possible describe it more accurately. Do yourself a favor, pick somewhere else to eat.
Been going here for 30 years, although the food is far from authentic Mexican food, the food is still excellent. The salsa is amazing and the fajitas very good. Overall excellent food.
Whatever this gringo joint is, it isn't Mexican.  If you love tamales in a can, you might like Casa Too Mucha. Undoubtedly many do find the restaurant quite good and we did years ago. I wouldn't even give it two stars except to bow to those who are pleased. There are some superb Mexican restaurants in the area by the way. Best,  Terry
Ok food if you go as soon as they open, but any later and it tastes microwaved. Wish I could love it.
Everything. Is. Microwaved.
OK-- so what kind of  a "Mexican Food" experience are you going to be looking for in Utica? For what it is, the place is actually comfortable-- the food is decent... I actually really like the fish fry (the Japanese-Cajun). The fish is always fresh, and a huge portion ensues. The Mexican food is eh, the salsa is more like a gazpacho- but offers a different outlook on a Mexican restaurant that was originally opened by Poles. Combination plates are good, the shredded beef is seasoned well and the Guacamole is surprisingly tasty-- I say surprised because of the bleak availability of avocados in the area (Hannaford?).
I grew up going to Casa too mucha until we moved to North Carolina. I have to say if I hadn't moved further south I would have given them five stars. They have GREAT salads, their bleu cheese is wonderful!! I would usually get a chicken dish of some sort and loved it. My absolute favorite part about going here were the desserts!! THEY ARE SO GOOD and a great selection. Anytime my family goes back up to NY we stop here.
This is not Mexican Food. This is not even Tex-Mex. After 10-years in Tucson, it is a sad day when a place that produces food like this is considered "Mexican". I used to bash people who like Taco Bell, but damn if I couldn't go for a "run for the border" to get the taste of this place out of my mouth. I understand the name of the place now though. Any amount of this food is too mucha...
Dry bland chicken, boring salsa, and uninspired sides. The cooks here have clearly never been to mexico, or the south west, or to a real restaurant. No sense of pride in their food. A very lazy effort.  I suggest Tex-Mex Connection if you want good mexican food.
