Monty's has an awesome dive-y atmosphere. This is a great spot to go and grab a good beer (both in quality and selection) at a reasonable price. Sitting outside in the summer is always entertaining! Also, check-out their show line ups! Some of Rochester's best local bands can be found playing here.
The king of dive bars. Man this place is rich with memories (and grime). Just a few years ago, I could be found playing in a band at the Krown, exchanging tokens for beers and smoking bummed cigarettes, freezing my a** off outside as I rocked on the precipice of emotional combustion. Similar to most people there, really. Jesus, how times have changed (me, not them)! My dearest memories of Monty's Krown are from the Euro 2004 tourney when the Korner was closed temporarily. All football (soccer) fans in Rochester crowded into that dingy back room - normally reserved for that tacky and gross crowd to which they were so fondly referred - and cheered until their bellies hurt and their throats were sore. What a weird and wonderful two weeks at the Krown. I was just a youngin. Years later, I still frequent this place for their cheap quality craft drafts, undercover genuine down to earth clientele, general feeling of community and the smell of smoke and bathrooms in the bar. No one's perfect. When the Krown changes, something will be lost in this town. If you like craft beer, enjoy a diverse crowd and have a sense of humor and open mind - head here.
I like this place a lot. It's a great place to relax and have a couple beers with friends. Very relaxed, easy going crowd. Not a place for yuppies, as it is not fancy at all - just a nice, comfortable bar, the way I like 'em. Conveniently located right off of 490.  Quite an eclectic mix of clientele, I've met everything from teachers to business owners to life long stoners to those guys who proudly tell you they are in a band and you just don't have the heart to break it to them that if they haven't made it yet, they likely aren't going to, and they need to start thinking about a job and a career.  CRAP! I can't believe I just said that! Am I getting OLD?!?! Food is standard pub fare (burgers, fries, nachos). The wings are very good, as is the spicy chicken plate. One cask ale on a beer engine, which lots of times has something from Custom Brewcrafters on it. House brew is Monty's Fathead IPA, also brewed by Custom Brewcrafters. Very good tap selection.   Generally anyone can find at least one thing they like, though it's usually IPA heavy (which is fine by me). No BMC products at all.   They used to have a sign on the door:  "No Bud. No pitchers. Don't ask." PERFECT. I've seen some pretty good shows there, from bands that I had never heard of.  Can get cramped during concerts though. Prices are generally very reasonable. Staff is always friendly and provides great service. Jen is awesome. Finding parking on the street can be a pain. I like Monty's a lot.  I guess according to some other reviewers, that makes me tacky and gross.  Well, I'm happier tacky and gross than pretentious and narcissistic anyway...
First of all, I have to say my review is subjective, because it's based on my personal preference. I went to Monty's Krown, because my roommate said she had a friend performing in a band there. It's a dive bar. Although it's so close to where I live, I had never been to there before. There was $6 coverage that night, I guess because they have bands performing. It turned out that my roommate's friend was not performing. It's some band called cheeta whore (not sure if I write their name right). It seems some cheesy rocky band. It's different experience. I would like to go there once in a while, but definitely cannot deal with it going every week or every other week. But if you like dive bars, Monty's Krown is not a bad choice.
This is still my favorite bar. I've been in bars in San Francisco, Manhattan, Brooklyn, Boston, the Mid-West and the northern West (Montana/Dakotas), and this is still what I always want in a bar, and have yet to have found elsewhere. I lived in Rochester for several years in a house fairly close to this place, and it was the best bar-going experience of my life. The wait staff is friendly and get to know their patrons. They also mix really good drinks and know their stuff if you take the time to ask them. They play metal after midnight most nights, which suits me just fine. The darts are free. The drinks are reasonable, and get cheaper the better you know the bartenders and the better you tip. Sure the place is dirty and sometimes smells weird, but that suits it. It's big and loud and fun. It's the prototypical dive bar where everyone knows your name, and it does its thing well. Don't go in expecting some bull crap pseudo-themed thing on Alexander and you'll be just fine.
Great neighborhood "dive" bar that has a great selection of beer.  I've only seen the same bartender whenever I have gone.  She's nice and attentive!  Love the music they play and how they cater to WNY bands.  During the summer, it's nice to have the option to bring your drink outside.  Just be careful on the steps to the downstairs men's bathroom.
Good beer, eclectic crowd. I first came here on my 21st b-day, and I still love it. Have a tattoo, have plugs, have a piercing, have fun!
Love this place!  Great staff and superb service.  Stopped in to see a friends band and I plan to be back.  Monty's does not hide behind some fasade and I like it.
every time i get tricked into coming here i ask myself if i stepped into a time machine and ended up walking into generic dive bar 1988. everything about this place is tacky and gross including the people.
