This place is CLOSED until August 2015.  When you drive up to the gate, they will kindly turn you back around. They will also give you a yellow paper explaining that they are renovating. Had to make this rather long even though I wanted to make it simple one sentence. This is because if you make it short it will classified as a tip instead of a review.
Who knew that PepsiCo's corporate headquarters had so many sculptures by the likes of Auguste Rodin, Max Ernst, Joan Miro, Alexander Calder, and Henry Moore? They sit on more than 100 acres of pristinely landscaped grass, surrounded by trees whose branches appeared manicured to achieve a certain neatness. The grounds were so perfect that we freaked out when we saw a single dandelion! (Lily pond was neglected though).   Don't miss the magnificent totem poles by Canadian Native artist Robert Davidson, and the wonderfully inventive "Caryatids" by Judith Brown -- it looks like classical ruins, except it's made of junkyard metal.
It's not easy to create a large modern art sculpture garden that will keep the attention of an antsy group of school kids, but this one manages that feat in leaps and bounds. I came here for a college sculpture class field trip, and I was VERY impressed with the whole place. Every single work of art is meticulously crafted and placed to get the most enjoyment and aesthetic majesty out of it, and one could spend hours both meandering the garden or contemplating a single piece. Highlights include the giant red interconnected arches, the great bear over by the fish pond, the moving wind sculpture, the Grecian pillars made entirely of car parts, the enormous fork in the ground, and the huge totem pole. And that's just a fraction of the works they have displayed. Artists and sculptors should definitely make a trip here at some point in their careers, but it's certainly a great place for a relaxed day outside no matter what your interests may be (as long as giant sculptures don't bore you to tears). In addition to the artwork, the landscaping itself is gorgeous. Flowers, trees, and shrubs of all kinds are artistically arranged and meticulously kept, and overall you get such an amazing feeling of space that it's a little hard to leave at the end of the day. More info and some photos: sirpepsi.com/pepsi1.htm
Wow, this place hasn't been reviewed in more than 2 yrs. Doesn't matter, this place was pleasantly crowded on mother's day. I suppose it's because the grand sculptures are static.. This place is amazing.  It's definitely one of my favourite places to go in Westchester.  I love love love how it's like going to a park rather than a "museum".  You can walk around the ponds (don't forget the smaller lilly-ponds), large green areas, lazily look at sculptures, picnic, lie around the grass, etc.  It's romantic, educational, and good for kids & pets! Favourites include Alexander Calder's red stabile "Hat's off" , Arnaldo Pomodoro's Triad. Best of all -- it's FREE!
You know how travel guides rate attractions by whether you should go see it if you are passing by, or go if you are in the neighborhood. This isn't one of those places, this one is better - no it's better than better, it's the best sculpture garden within 25 miles of midtown Manhattan. The grounds are beautiful, the art work, nearly all 20th Century monumental sculpture in a variety of schools and styles, of the highest quality, and displayed in settings that bring out the work instead of competing with it. Whether you go for a stroll or a serious two hours with the art, you won't be disappointed. And if you are making a day of it, when you are done with the sculpture, head across the road to visit the Neuberger Museum of Art at SUNY Purchase.
Just wanted to spread the word that the Gardens are TEMPORARILY CLOSED. PepsiCo is renovating their headquarters building and surrounding campus, which includes the Gardens.  For safety reasons, the Gardens must be closed during the renovation project.  The renovation is scheduled to be complete in mid-2015, and the Gardens will reopen.
The sculpture garden at Pepsico's world headquarters in Purchase NY includes 45 different sculptures. It is a favorite place for summertime pre-wedding photographs near the lagoon. The garden is open to the public, don't be intimidated by the security gate! And admission is FREE!
If you want to be outside on a gorgeous N.Y. day and also see amazing sculptures this is the place to be!  Vast land (not one skyscraper in sight!) with MANY works of art; my favorite, Alexander Calder!  Since being on the grounds of Pepsico....you suddenly feel like a Pepsi!  ***I don't remember seeing a Pepsi machine anywhere though.
Aside from the fact that it is Pepsi (ewww) headquarters, this place is fantastic. If you are in the area and have an hour or so, check it out. It's free, well-maintained, tons of parking, easy to find, and beautiful.
Not sure why it's priced at $$, since the wonderful park has a free entrance. I was really impressed with sculptures, the landscape, and whole experience. Thanks to PepsiCo you get an amazing art & outdoor experience. Only 45 min from NYC by car, a nice place to escape when looking for outside city activities. Excited to comeback when the weather is a little warmer. Thanks Pepsi!
Much understated for the art available and on a beautiful Spring day with the cherry trees in bloom this is a great day trip option to let the feet wander.  It's extremely well maintained and the grounds are quite large so anyone nearby with even the slightest interest in outdoor sculptures is missing something if they don't stop - it's a no cost frill and the gardens are spotlessly well maintained!
Fabulous jewel out in the middle of nowhere! This is a must see stop for anyone interested in sculpture.
Wonderful.  Bring a picnic. Walk the path and take in the beauty of the scluptures and gardens. Don't forget ur headphones and get a digital player at the visitor centet.
