Holy burgers batman! Three of us are addicted to The Dirty Stu burger. Fries are fresh and awesome. Ice cream selection is killer. Coconut Almond Joy is my fave. Great food. Great price. Only down point is seeing server sitting at the bar on her phone. Just doesn't look great when we can see the cooks diligently preparing our wonderful food.
After reading the reviews I was really excited to try this place out. But I was disappointed with the service and the food. Service: It took us a good couple of minutes to get seated, despite servers walking from the kitchen and dining area frequently. At times we felt a bit forgotten about; like when we waited for our orders to be taken and when I had to re-tell the server what I ordered because she forgot. Food: I get that this is a burger place so I didn't expect it to be vegetarian friendly but the black bean burger was warm at most and as tough as a hockey puck. Also, bacon somehow ended up on my burger although I didn't order it and even asked the server what vegetarian options there were before ordering.  French fries were over salted and soggy. My boyfriend got the dirty stu burger which like the name suggests, is very messy, and fell apart. The extra star is for the beer selection.
We decided to give Louie's another chance.   What an incredible turnaround! This time, we were greeted and seated promptly by a friendly and competent hostess. Our waitress gave us menus and took a drink order a minute later. A few minutes later she came back and took our food order. So far so good. After a very appropriate amount of time had passed, our food arrived hot from the kitchen. Companion and I both agreed that the food (one sandwich and one burger) was five star delicious. Here were the noticeable differences: The waitstaff was hustling, but with poise and professionalism. The attentativeness, communication, and teamwork exhibited was impressive. Nobody checking their phone or chitchatting with a co-worker when it got busy. At one point the hostess asked if we needed drink refills. Well done. Most impressive, however, was the kitchen operation. Shaved head man was running the kitchen like Gordon Ramsay. Calling out orders, making requests, and notifying staff when food was ready to be delivered in a manner that made you stop and take notice. The only minor complaint/suggestion would be to tell customers that the burger patties are relatively thin and that they are served medium to medium well. Great job, Louie's! Whatever you did, or whoever you brought in, to re-train the waitstaff took you from couldn't be worse to couldn't be better.
I stopped here one day cause I had a hankering for ice cream and I was told they now are serving soft serve. I'm usually more of a hard serve girl myself but I don't turn down an ice cream, so I headed on over. Well imagine my joy when I see they also have hard serve too! Now I did not get a chance to ask if this is homemade or who their supplier is, but its a decent hard serve. I got their bourbon pecan and the flavor was definitely more bourbon than pecan, but who's complaining! I have yet to stop in for their regular fare, but I have heard good things, and will give it a shot in the near future.
Stopped in for lunch and ordered the chicken 'spiedie' salad. Took about 25 minutes to have the food brought out which is way too long for lunch. Salad was subpar, with what tasted like premade dressing and croutons with soggy, bland chicken. Lettuce had huge 6 inch, uncut pieces which makes it hard to eat. The whole thing was rather uninspired. Help was pleasant and the prices were reasonable but I would not come back.
Holy cow. They have improved upon their Louie's chips and their Troy cheesesteak. And they were already pretty great. I also am a big fan of their brisket burger. Service is quick and friendly, atmosphere is laid back, and the beer selection is pretty good. I love that they have Dogfishhead IPA on tap.
I've been making it my mission this year to eat at all the places I have bookmarked. So it began. They have a good menu, which is why we came here in the first place. Also reasonable prices. We both decided to get the lunch special because I don't even remember the last time I had a Hot Open Faced Sandwich. My fiancé was new to this and he loved it, as I told him he would. We both got the roast beef which was really good. Although I preferred it to be more red. The gravy wasn't bad, but could've used a little more. They also put the gravy over the already seasoned fries. I added salt before I even tasted it and it ended up being a tap bit salty, so be careful with that. Service was prompt, but cold've been a little more professional. The girls were super nice though. Although this seems like a college joint so not to complain to much. Will be back!
Great food, could have been a little quicker. We had the California turkey sandwich with sweet potato tots and a turkey,bacon,cheddar melt with fresh cut french fries(girlfriend ate all mine. She loved them) which was a special. We also tested out the garlic parm boneless wings because it was "happy hour" and they were half priced. Overall all the food meet or exceeded our expectations, but there was only one waitress and the dining room was about half full, which led to some longer waiting than I like. (That's why the loss of star.)
I have not dined in but we have ordered to go several times. The staff is extremely friendly, outgoing, and fun. Moving here from the south I was weary of ordering the shrimp po boy and the brisket with slaw (not so brisket) but this place is legit. I would put either up against some of my favorite haunts down south. However, the brisket today was a little fattier than usual but it worked. The Thai calamari is also extremely good. Not what I expected when my wife said as got fried calamari in NY but this stuff is fried perfectly and the spicy sweet sauce is a great change from the normal watered down jar marinara usually found in the area.
Went to Louie's for the first time. I had the best experience EVER!!! and I always dine out, I ordered the chicken troy cheese the wait time was short for a made to order sandwich, my waitress was a young girl  named kristie she must be new at serving cause she was busy talking and now refilling our drink (terrible) Sandwich was cooked to perfection compliments to  the cook he was mindful to always keep gloves on as he cooked my meal. GM Chris was very aware and concerned as he helped the tall cook pump out other orders in a timely fashion. If you haven't been to Louie's YOU MUST GO!!!
I just had dinner there, had the Rodeo burger. Other than the waitress mixed who got what dinner, the portions where reasonable and served hot. For rehab Pizza Hut the decorations and lighting very nice.     The service was faster than I expected. I will go there again.
After a long day of snowboarding, my friend and I were starving. We were craving Deli and Brew subs (which are legendary). Deli and Brew was closed BUT we discovered Louie's right next door and decided to try it. Our cravings for massive deliciousness were fulfilled at Louie's. We started out with buffalo bites w/ blue cheese. Yummy. Then, we each had a burger, the beef cooked to perfection and quite delicious. We couldn't finish our sweet potato tater tots but wish we could have. Our server was a sweet young girl. We were the only customers in the joint as it was late so she was able to give us perfect service. They did forget to put the bacon on my burger, but I didn't even mind. I'll certainly be returning. High fives to Louie!
First the food is very good. The burgers are tasty and grilled to order. However the meal took a REALLY LONG TIME to arrive. I'm pretty patient and even I was a little annoyed. Good fries and friendly staff. Probably would come back.
From the outside it may still resemble a Pizza Hut but they spent a lot redoing the inside and it looks great. Its a nice casual place that makes an outstanding burger. And they will cook it the way you want it. The service was quick and our waiter, Keith, who is also the manager was awesome and friendly. We felt right at home. I can't even describe how amazing the John Jack burger is. Just go there and try it.
Make no mistake about it. Your family doctor does not want you to eat here! Fries were crispy and golden and bore no resemblance to a potato. The onion rings were a perfect, fried, crunchy and flavorful pile of yum and the veg sandwich was more (delish!) bread than veg. The food was great (if your immortal). Not a fan of the cafeteria feel but service was great. We really enjoyed it but I feel pretty dirty about it.
I really liked this place - it will be a great addition to the neighborhood!   The food is kind of a flair on old favorites - a good selection without being too overwhelming.  Some of the appetizers looked really interesting, but I was trying to behave myself tonight. The Chicken Speide Salad was good, but it needed more chicken.  The pieces it did have were flavorful and juicy. My fiancee got the Troy Cheese Steak - he grew up near Philly and said it was the best Cheese steak he's had in this area (and I have taken him to the Philly Bar & Grill in Latham)! Our waitress was attentive without being over bearing.  The food came out quick.  The atmosphere is good too - nice dining room, cool posters, good music, two TVs with sports on them, but they weren't too loud or overbearing.  We will definitely be back!
Delicious, affordable with great staff.  Our server Lori, was amazing.  This was our second trip here and we are hooked. I highly recommend the shrimp and clam mixed Po' Boy.  I saw the Cook bread fresh cod for the fish fry.  Beer on tap and in bottles.  Ice cream stand outside and a patio.  Well worth the trip!
Update.....they now serve amazing ice cream! The coconut almond ice cream is to die for! We've been there twice in one week. It's my new favorite ice cream place!
Just had a nice meal at a nice price. Hubby had the King Club and I had a huge chicken salad. We both have enough leftovers for lunch. Food was great and service was awesome. Will come again.
I really like Louies, actually went there 2 days in a row this week. The first night my partner and I both got burgers....they were very good with sweet potato nuggets and greet cole slaw. Not as good as Bootleggers, but very good indeed. They have a nice draft selections and a very friendlt staff. I had a nice ice cold IPA and my partner got a glass of wine. The next night I got a sandwich with slaw and everyone was happy with the sandwiches. We went the second night to celebrate my mother in laws 81st birthday. The owner (I assume) came over with some crabcakes for all of us to try. They were the best I have had in the area. Free because of the birthday celebration (classy)This is what set them apart from your typical burger/brew place. I hope they are very successful and do not turn into a full blown college bar (right next to HVCC) I dont think they will....when we were there it was mostly adults and families. It looks like they will be openeing an ice cream window for the sommer (I hope)
Stopped by to see what kind of place it is - very hip, has a cool decor, and the staff was friendly. The sandwiches were fantastic and I even had the other half today for lunch and it still tasted great. Prices are very reasonable as well and if I had known they did homemade chips earlier, I'd be in real trouble. We also got some ice cream - interesting flavors for sure, but it came out great. I def recommend trying this establishment out!
My family and I were really excited to try Louie's, as we love to support local businesses. When we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by the decor. The place looks great inside! Our waitress greeted us and had us seated quickly. She took our orders fairly quick and delivered our appetizer in a timely manner. Unfortunately, that was the end of anything timely. Our meals didn't arrive until 40 minutes after we had ordered them, the last 10 minutes of which our food sat on a counter while our waitress was missing in action. I can understand a long wait if the place is busy, but there were only 3 tables in the restaurant and there were at least 4 people in the kitchen. And all we had were sandwiches. I guess the lack of business on a Saturday night should have been a red flag. The food was fair at best, and one of our meals included bacon that was raw and a bun that was so drenched in grease that it was the consistency of mashed potatoes. All of the side orders were cold, most likely due to the time spent sitting on the counter without so much as a heat lamp. It was very disappointing. Our waitress didn't return to check on us until after one of my family members approached the staff, who were hanging out laughing and having there own little party, to ask for a condiment. At this point though, most of us had finished, or abandoned, our meals. Honestly, the service was by far the worst we have experienced in a long time. But this was not even the most offensive part of the night. Another table arrived as we were finishing up and placed an order. They were obviously friends with an employee because a staff member came out to say hello and chat for a moment. That table's food was out in record time. No 40 minute wait for these folks. Apparently, in order to get good service, you have to know someone. I hate giving a review like this, but I hope it serves as a warning to the owner that something needs to be done about the staff. The kitchen was too busy joking around to get orders out, or ensure that the food quality was acceptable, and the waitstaff was just plain missing. It was a terrible experience, and though we really wanted to like Louie's, we just can't. It's a great concept, the atmosphere is really nice, but the service and food are horribly disappointing. This place has the potential to be something great, but not with the current staff.
First time eating at the restaurant I had an avocado sandwich which was not bad. Second time I go back the menu is totally different. The portions of food are small and the quality of the food is nothing to be proud of. The menu needs to be totally revamped as well as the kitchen staff. Both times I have been there the food literally fell apart in my hands and I felt like a 4 year eating it. I like the idea of the restaurant and I think it has a lot of potential but coming from someone who enjoys trying the new places to eat in town, it was a waste of my money. At least Pizza Hut was consistent.
This place is AWESOME! Food is delicious. Never had a bad meal and the service is really good. Decent selection of draft beers as well. It's our new hangout.
Came to Louies on Fathers day....Had the California Turkey and my friend had a Troy cheese steak. Lori was our Waitress..was very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers on tap and the menu. Loved it all and will be back!!
This is a review based on today's visit.  I've been there twice before and will give some color on those visits as well.  Today I got two beef on weck to go for my wife and I.  10 minute trip home.  Opened up the sandwiches and was surprised and disappointed at what we saw.  First, the roast beef was completely brown, not a hint of pink to it.  On our previous visits, the beef was perfectly cooked for this type of sandwich, a nice rare/medium rare.  Would definitely not have ordered it if I thought it looked anything like this.  The taste reflected both the overdone meat and a flavor that was was not appetizing, perhaps something to do with the au jus?  My wife felt the same.  Two other comments, and this was true for my other two visits and was mentioned in a couple of other reviews.  They are extremely slow.  I'm thinking this is at least partly due to them making their home made chips fresh, but i'm not sure. The chips are good.  But it was a good 15-20 minutes to get two sandwiches and the chips.  Sorry to give such a bad review, but it reflects my experience.  Hopefully it was just a bad day. UPDATE:  Louie's management contacted me regarding my review.  It was an apology and an offer to comp a meal.  It seemed a sincere message and there was no request to delete or change the review.  It was handled in the way something like this should be handled.  I'll give them another shot and I hope others will as well; as noted in my review, in my first two visits the sandwiches were very good.
Like something out of Diners, Driveins and Diners. Excellent burgers and some other greasy type fair (I mean greasy in a good way). Last time I had the brisket burger and it was juicy, not dry like a lot of briskets. The rolls are great. My wife had the cheesesteak and it was probably the best one I've had in the Capital District. Service was fine. This place is a keeper.
Went to louie's yesterday Sunday  9/21 for dinner and I must say it wasn't the usual meal and service I receive on Monday nights when I dine in. It just seemed like everyone was having an off night. The cooks all seemed slow and miserable. Normally my meal comes out very quickly but this time it seems to have dragged about 20-25 minutes. The server Becky was very kind and attentive although The dining room was just under half full. No meet and greet from the manager like we normally get. No checkup on how our meal was. The music was particularly loud this visit as well. I do love the salad bar addition though nice touch!! Chris was telling us last week that the place is under a new partnered ownership and undergoing management moves as well. So I'm hoping it only gets better!! Will return for sure but I might have to keep it to my usual Monday night visits so I can see my favorites Carol and Lindsey!! (And I suppose Chris too) -Eric W- We Gotta Go
Gross. I ordered the California chicken sandwich and, eh. It wasn't great, wasn't completely horrible, but I didn't want to finish it. My french fries were cold and were just gross, nothing special. The 2 people I was with ordered the Viking Sandwich and weren't satisfied. Silverware was dirty. They seem unorganized about pretty much everything. They gave us our check and we paid, and then came back again with the check for us to pay. The people next to us were waiting on the food and it turns out the staff forgot the food so it was just sitting there. Won't be going back.
I stopped in since I knew Louie's was associated with Deli and Brew which is awesome! I wasnt' super hungry so just ordered the Thai Calamari. Perfectly cooked. It was about 60/40 sweet/spicy while I would prefer 40/60 sweet/spicy (or at least 50/50) but it was still very tasty.   While the service was professional and friendly, the atmosphere needs work - looks and feels like a fast food joint. The menu has many enticing choices and the food around me looked wonderful... definitely going back for more!!
Stopped in as we like to patronize independent restaurants. We were told to sit anywhere we wished - inside décor is "industrial" which is kind of cool - they did a good job un-pizza-hutting the place. It was pouring rain but they do have a nice sized outdoor patio and a walk up ice cream window with a good assortment of flavors. I had the chicken kabob special and fries. My boyfriend had the grilled Buffalo chicken salad. The salad comes in a huge, family sized bowl - it is not mixed greens but mostly iceberg lettuce which is a little disappointing. My kabob was excellent - nicely seasoned and tender chicken and vegetables. The fries were hot and come in the cutest little basket that looks like a mini deep fryer basket. The food is cooked to order so it takes about 10-15 minutes to come out - not a problem if you are with someone you love but I noted 2 small children at another table getting a bit restless. Our waitress was very nice. They have a good beer selection (bottle and tap) and wines. I had lemonade. The prices are reasonable - we enjoyed our experience. The red menus are kind of hard to read in the dimly lit inside (then again it was a dark and gloomy day) - the business was brisk and my boyfriend enjoyed hard ice cream for dessert. They have a bar area up near the front but it was covered in silverware buckets and other things for the staff which was a little off putting. The ketchup bottle on our table was empty (we stole one from an adjacent table). They had a good amount of people working in the kitchen part. The kitchen is open so you can see the people and they are all young (e.g. high school/college age) and tend to fool around a bit. We would come again - the menu is a pretty good size and there are other things we would like to try that we saw go by and that looked good such as the burgers and the brisket. They are open for lunch and dinner - they do have breakfast items on the menu (omelettes and the like) which can be ordered all day which is good if you work an odd shift. They also have a kids menu.
I wanted to rate higher as my sandwich :(beef on a weck) and the fries were good. Roast beef very fresh, fries some of the best I've ever had. But the service was HORRIBLE! Waited 10 minutes to get drinks ordered, then waitress never came back. Had to ask another waitress to send her over. When she came, NO apology. Food came relatively quickly (compared to the service). Owner very friendly greeted many guests but needs to make sure waitress are not talking to one another but taking care of the tables. Other party had chicken sandwich which he said was just so so. want to go back for the burgers but don't have time to wait for the waitress. Sure hope the reviews show improvement before I try again.
The food is awesome every time we come here. The service is fast and friendly. And the beer is ice cold. Love this place
Best po boy since Mardi gras!  Second time there and I'm starting to really like it.  Friendly staff great food but eating in is a little slow.  Take out was very quick. I will be back for more.
went with the fam after hoop game...   food was great,  not pricey + very filling..   beers on tap a plus ....wine for the mrs a bigger plus..  one negative was service...   while server did okay job, had issues keeping water filled and there was no check in during the meal...  small potatoes but i like good service ...    the waitresses seemed more into helping the takeout orders than waiting tables....   i am sure this will be ironed out this place really is going to be a gem..  whodathunkit from an old outdated pizza hut!
