Summary- I have had one item, it was awesome. Looking forward to getting more. Their cookies were being sold at Whole Foods, and their was a lady from the bakery doing samples. The cookie (halfmoon I think) was awesome.
Pretty good stuff and all at a reasonable price. This was my first experience here so we went overboard getting a lot of different things and somehow only spent $22. The cupcakes were moist and really good. The canoes were ok but really greasy. Most of the stuff was really greasy, to be honest. We didn't go for the brunch but I have to say it looked and smelled amazing. They had pumpkin French toast and home fries along with a few other things but that's what called out to me. Next time we're up that way we will try to indulge. I will always appreciate a vegan bakeries existence, regardless. I just wish most of the stuff we got wasn't so greasy.
The delightful women who run X's To O's are endlessly pleasant and accommodating. They are also very creative cooks and bakers, and they have a well-deserved devoted following.
This place is unbelievable. I was in Albany for work and purchased two of their cupcakes (PB chocolate and S'mores) at Whole Foods Market. They were so good that I made time to hit their retail storefront to pick up some goodies to carry on the flight home. I've only had their sweets, but they also offer quite a few yummy-sounding vegan lunch items daily. I can't wait till my next work trip to the area - this place will be on my agenda for sure!
Their frosting is getting better! It used to be kind of grainy, but it is a lot finer now. I'm not sure if they found vegan powdered sugar, or they just started making their own in store, but I like it. I really like the icing to cake ratio, too (lots). So Sarah is still a peach, but some other folks who work there could use a little customer service refresher. There is one person who occasionally works there who comes off as pretty brusque, and I tend to feel really uncomfortable when I feel like I'm putting them out by asking for food that I want to give them money for. I'm not the smoothest social operator, and when faced with an aggressive personality, well, I tend to just avoid the whole thing entirely and not go in. Oh, and they have blue garbage cans outside. They're not locked, so you might mistake them for regular garbage cans, but if you are caught using them you might get yelled at because they pay extra to have them and don't like it when other people use them. I never thought I'd have so much social anxiety about going to a bakery before.
Poppy love cookie - the pistachios saved this cookie; the strong pistachio taste gave it flavor. It was soft but dry. S'mores bar - a square chocolate chip cookie with marshmallows. It's moist and soft in the inside but it gets overwhelming sweet after two bites. Tiramisu cupcake - loving it! The looks and taste! It's a mini tiramisu! It's super moist, with a hint of coffee, topped with creamy frosting. Peppermint latte cupcake - I think this was the same expresso cake base. The peppermint frosting was not only appealing to the eye but also the tongue. My tongue was having a party after my first bite. Again, it was very moist and the creamy frosting hit the craving. Coconut latte cupcake - loving the moist expresso cake with coconut frosting. Chai coconut cupcake - The cake is dense and the frosting is bland. Salted caramel cupcake - this was also a dense cake, and it wasn't the not salty like other salted caramel Turtle cookies - very dry and bland. Looks deceived me!
We loved our food!   After we had taken a few bites,  an employee leaned over the counter, pointed to our sealed brown box and said, "What's in that box?".  When we said it was our left over quesadilla she said, "That can't be in here.  People have allergies to dairy.".  So we had to leave. While we respect that everyone makes choices about food and also that some people have severe allergies, we would have appreciated if it were posted on the door so we would have known not to bring in our box.  And it would have been nice if she were a little friendlier.
I have a dairy allergy, so it's quite difficult for me to just grab a sweet from a shop and nosh away. When this bakery opened, it made a world of difference to me! I've been going for years, even though I don't even live or work in Troy anymore. I regularly take trips across the ever just to hit up this place. All my birthday/holiday/celebration cakes and pies are ordered from here, and they've always been delicious (no one can tell they are vegan). I also applaud them for keeping their ideals. Reading through these reviews, I see a lot of mentions of the old frosting. And it was grainy, but that was because they correct ingredients couldn't be purchased locally. Once they could, they did. So you aren't just getting a pro-animal place, you are getting organic ingredients and supporting the local economy on more than one level.
A vegan bakery in Troy is basically my dream come true. Unfortunately I don't live in Troy anymore so I can only indulge in these delicious desserts when I travel home. I was so excited to visit X's to O's last Thanksgiving break that I ordered 4 goodies - a cinnamon raisin cookie, maple walnut cupcake, cinnamon roll, and a gluten free pumpkin canoe ("twinkie"). The owner and woman working at the counter were both very friendly, and the owner remembered me from leaving comments on their Facebook page. The inside of the bakery was very sparse but I am under the impression that they are working on expanding their bakery as they had previously just focused on wholesale orders. I'm excited to see how it evolves over time. But the important part of my review - how were the pastries? Excellent! Even after sitting in my parent's fridge overnight, they were still amazing. My favorite was the cinnamon bun, it was sweet with just the right amount of cinnamon and the bun itself was a delicious offset to the sweetness. The cupcake was decadent, and if I had a more robust sweet tooth I probably would have loved it even more. Not to say that it wasn't wonderful, it was just on the sweet side. The cookie was amazing, I think the first cinnamon raisin I've eaten since going vegan, and cinnamon raisin is my favorite cookie. The pumpkin canoe was a bit weird, but I got it for my boyfriend as a novelty really. I'd be interested in trying their other canoe flavors in the future. Will I be going to X's to O's again? YES! Every time I'm back home I will make sure to visit this wonderful bakery. I don't have to lament the fact that I can't enjoy delicious baked goods from Troy (Cookie Factory, previously Vanilla Bean) as X's to O's has stepped up to the plate to ensure that us vegans will never go without a satisfied sweet tooth again.
This has to be the most delicious, gooey, flavorful brownie I've ever eaten in my entire life. This is better than the milk and egg brownies that I've been eating hands down. I dont drink milk but I turned to my boyfriend after the very first bite and told him he's going to want a glass to go with it. It was absolutely amazing. I'm not a vegan but I do prefer to eat as healthy as possible as vegans do, so I figured if I'm going to eat a brownie may as well be a vegan one, oh delicious. I also tried a blondie which was also pretty good, but I think I just dont like blondies so I'm not going to take points off for that. I may have a new brownie addiction now though.
Wow some srsly uppity folks write a lot of crazy reviews about this place. My message to you: GET A LIFE. Especially out of towners. Guess what, if you live in Troy, X's to O's is a dream come true. There is so much insanity and high cholesterol garbage that is shoved down the throats of everyone in this part of downtown Troy, and X's to O's has none of that. It is wholesome goodness, not like something off a Hallmark greeting card but more like something that makes you proud to live in Troy and feel like you're not alone being at all conscientious about what you put in your body. I like that the frosting on the cupcakes is sugary and a bit grainy, so sue me. Brunch is great. People are friendly, and are real as it gets. There is a chill spot upstairs with a ZINE LIBRARY. Hello? How cool is that? If it weren't for zine libraries I would not have been radicalized whatsoever, and make no mistake, X's to O's is RAD AS EFF!! If you might be a cool person then you will have no problems with the service, the excellent food, and an atmosphere that fills you with a kind of gradeschool-style wonder that you haven't felt in a while. If you're an annoying shit, don't expect the world to suck your toes! That's my two cents. Go here, and breathe a sigh of relief in this sanctuary of sugary dreams.
The employees are very nice. The vegan desserts are SO good!! I love the brownies :) I have gone to this place many times and will continue too :)
Awesome vegan treats - most of the below 4 star reviews seem to be critical of non-issues, just eat your cookie and enjoy it - simple.
Everything from here is wonderful. The quality ingredients really make a difference and are worth every penny. The staff is always friendly and warm. Try anything with their frosting, esp. the tiramisu cupcakes.
A friend  gave me a chocolate chip Blondie and a double chocolate Brownie from here.  Both were very rich , moist, and delicious. I guess it all depends on what you get since my last purchase was dry, gritty and just not good. I'm upgrading one star because the blondies  and brownies were very, very good compared to other items I've purchased here.  I guess there's a learning curve as to what is scrumptious vs what doesn't cut it.
X's to O's was one of the three places we made it a point to stop into when we grabbed a quick lunch in Troy. This was my first visit to Troy which has a groovy downtown area, at least what we saw, and this vegan bakery fit in perfectly with its location. It is housed in an old building and on a corner which gives it lots of light through their large windows. It has a warm vintage feel which makes it feel rather homey. It is always great fun to be in a bakery where I do not have to ask about or worry about the ingredients being animal free so we indulged. We got 3 cupcake, a chocolate with vanilla, an Oreo and a strawberry and two of their canoes, a carrot cake and a vanilla. We did not eat them at the time but rather drove home with them in the sweltering heat which I am sure did not do them any favors. That is not the bakery's fault but the fault of this blasted heatwave which had us seeing 106 degrees on the car's thermometer. There is only so much a cooler can do but they were still pretty good despite the challenges they faced. My only critique is that the frostings were a bit sugary crunchy. Perhaps I am just used to confectioners sugar... Downtown Troy is not far off 87 and near Albany so if you have the time to do a little exploring you will find not only X's to O's an interesting destination but many other independently owned shops and eateries are there too, violins anyone?, which would welcome your visit and are worthy of a look see. :))) Thanks Michele! For you... :))) youtube.com/watch?v=1-mU…
Good stuff- vegan AND gluten free options, and they're very waste conscious. bad stuff- The gluten free stuff there, was just dirt. It had to be, My whole family tried a bunch of cupcakes, and cookies..ect....and it tasted like dirt. In their defense there are only so many ingredients you can replace or substitute before your food is gonna be gross tasting. So, not really their fault and it's a cool thing they're trying to do there. I guess if you only eat vegan or gluten free this is an option. But if you're one or the other, I've tasted better options in the area.
My wife was craving some baked goods, which for a Celiac is not always an easy itch to scratch. While we were out this past weekend she asked if I would stop at some nearby places, but none had any gluten free stuff available. I did not want her to be disappointed so I did not complain when she asked me to drive out to Troy. See, I have a personal dislike for the city of Troy. Less than two months after having my driver's license, and less than 30 days after buying my first car, I got into an accident while all lost in Troy. I think the bastard who designed the city had a friend in the One Way sign business. Only thing worse are the damned traffic circles that seem to be popping up all over the place. But the weather this weekend was amazing, and these days finding your way is so much easier with GoogleMaps on my cellphone guiding me turn by turn, so off we went. Without a doubt my wife loved the place. She picked up a few different gluten free items to try, including a blondie and a snickerdoodle thing. She swore it was the best baked goods she's had in a good long time. I didn't go inside because some Guns 'N Roses started playing on the radio as I was parking. Truth is, I did not want to find a problem with the place because I really want my wife to find quality replacements for the things she misses. She picked up a brownie and a stuffed cookie for me, and I was not a fan really. The brownie was dry and falling apart and the stuffed cookie I saved for later left a grease spot on the counter. I finished them both but really not anything I would rave about for myself. However, that wasn't the point of the trip. I can get brownies and other baked goods I love at any number of places, the question is can I enjoy X's and O's enough myself to make the trip worth while for the two of us. Yeah, I think it will be worth the trip to see the smile on the little lady's face once in a while...
The cutest little bakery you ever did see! The lovely owner, Sarah, has decked out this little corner shop in blue and white and offers absolutely delicious sweet vegan treats. I always look forward to stopping by to try something new. She makes brownies, "twinkies", cupcakes in regular and mini size, cookies and cakes. I do adore her cupcakes. These cupcakes are wonderfully moist and the frosting is naturally sweet and actually compliments the cake (I usually shy away from cupcakes for this reason - the frosting tends to be icky).   Flavours of her baked goods vary - off the top of my head I remember cupcakes in flavours such as  cookies and cream , strawberry, pineapple, peanut butter chocolate, pumpkin, orange cream, coconut - and there's tons more. The only thing that makes me sad when walking in is seeing some of the items that have just sold out... I bet that rocky road brownie would have been delicious, but I'll get you next time, mwah hah hah. I believe a slice of cake is about $4, cupcakes are $2.50 as are twinkies, and large cookies are $1.50. Very reasonably priced for such wonderful items. There's currently no website but the bakery is on Facebook and MySpace. Go now, it's simply delightful.
After hearing a TON of good things about this bakery, I finally went a few weeks ago when a couple of vegan friends were visiting me from Poughkeepsie. After having a great vegan lunch at Little Anthony's in Albany, we made the short and worth-it drive over to X's to O's for some dessert. I got the carrot cake canoe boat and a gluten-free blondie. Now, all the ladies in my family (mom, sister, aunt, and myself) pride ourselves in our baking prowess, and now that my sister and I have discovered we are allergic to wheat, we've become pretty proficient in the ways of the Celiac. But that blondie? Blew my family's years of baking knowledge out of the damn water. It was soft and gooey but not undercooked and had just the right amount of sweetness. My friends were so excited about all the goodies that they ended up taking four cupcakes, a slice of cake, a brownie and various other things home with them (believe me, guys, there is NOTHING like this in Poughkeepsie ... you're lucky if you can even find a restaurant that makes a salad without meat in it). Also, they list every ingredient they use in their desserts on a chalk board on the opposite wall of the counter, and their prices are fantastic compared to the all-natural (and generally expensive) ingredients they use.   My one and only complaint-but-not-really (because it's more funny than anything): we got a little vegan elitist guff from the girl behind the counter for eating at a restaurant that also serves meat beforehand, but I think I was too busy stuffing my face with deliciousness to get annoyed.
Creative smoothies include a killer kale combo at an affordable price.
X's to O's Vegan Bakery is such a wonderful spot in Troy, NY.  I currently live in NYC and can honestly say I find that X's to O's in Troy blows NYC vegan bakeries out of the water.  Many many friends of mine in Troy (I lived there for a year for an artist residency program) vegans and non vegans alike love the place.  The staff is wonderful and they even have a wonderful selection of gluten free baked goods as well.  I LOVE their gluten-free chocolate chip blondies!!!! (The brownies and "twinkies" and cupcakes are wonderful as well). It was also just so great to witness their opening - a sort of bright spot on a somewhat drab corner. They make a lot of effort to recycle/ reduce waste....and will take 25 cents off of your order if you bring your own containers for your goods!  It's a very feel-good place.   LOVE THEM!
I heart this place. I really do.  That may be coming from a non-vegan and non-sweet tooth but I believe that might make my opinion more valid. I was the kid who picked the "marshmallows" out of her lucky charms and the kid who didn't eat her own birthday cake.   It really just means if I'm going to eat desserts they have to be quality, I don't shove just any cupcakes in my mouth.   These cupcakes aren't overly sweet , overly frosted and they don't overly decorate to make up for the lack of flavor like so many places do but they always look great. They have great flavors .   My favorite is the French Toast Cupcake. Although I'm not a vegan I like to support people who are while supporting the Troy business scene especially when I get fantastic treats out of it.   They get a 5 star because they are the best goddamn vegan bakery I've been to and they are in my favorite city dangerously close to me.
Very nice addition to downtown Troy.  My friend got me a generous gift cert for my BD so i'm making sure to pop in & treat myself.   I got a yummy wrap for dinner: tofu, spinach & pickled onions - something like that!  very nice on a hot day.  I've had their "sloppy jane" which is made from tempeh, on a great gluten-free bun with mixed greens, and their stellar gluten-free cranberry coconut cookie. I'm trying to stay away from sweets, but these reviews have convinced me.  I'll probably head in today on my walk home.   Love you guys, promise to head in more often!
Very friendly service and delicious goods- I'm not vegan, gluten free, sugar free or vegetarian and still loved their options; I wanted to try everything.
Ordered a peanut butter chocolate cake in June 2010 from here for my brother's MBA graduation. The chocolate cake was moist and dense (kind of a cross between cake and a brownie) and everyone loved it. The peanut butter frosting was tasty, but a little too sweet for me (although no one else at the party agreed with me). The price was reasonable for the quality and quantity that we received. Went back on Jan 7th and got a couple cupcakes to share with a friend--chocolate peanut butter and tiramisu and a triple chocolate blondie brownie.  Chocolate peanut butter cupcake was good, as expected.  The tiramisu was a little insipid (no noticable espresso taste and only a hint of cocoa from the dusting on the top); however, the texture was so pleasant that I still enjoyed it.  The blondie was like a giant chunk of mixed milk, dark, and white choclate chips with little bits of cookie around it, which was a-ok by me.  Despite the insipid tiramisu cupcake, I am still impressed with the texture and taste of the products that they have mastered (like chocolate peanute butter and the blondie) considering that they use alternative diet recipes.
I could've easily given X's to O's five stars, but my online ordering experience was not that great.  I sent a birthday package of baked vegan goods to my niece in Florida in April of this year (2013).  It says on their website they ship Tues-Thurs, so I marked my calendar to order for her the Wednesday before her Tuesday the next week birthday.  I wasn't too concerned about the order arriving on the date of her b-day so much as near the date.  Upon placing the order I received notice from PayPal that my payment went through immediately.  There was no confirmation received from X's to O's though, so I sent them an email asking them to confirm the order assuming I would receive with that a note about when it will be shipped.  They did not respond, so I called like Friday or Monday (this was a few months ago, so I'm a little fuzzy now), but basically they had to look up to confirm they had the order, then I was told they had it, but it wouldn't be going out until the next day or something.  To make an already too long story short, I placed my order on Wednesday, April 17 and it didn't get sent out until Friday, April 26.. which is just kind of ridiculous, not that my vegan niece really cared - she loved the sweets - but if you're going to offer online ordering, you need to put more effort into doing it right.   All that being said, every time my husband and I come by for an occasional cupcake treat, we just die in all the divine sweet splendor.  We love X's to O's.  Everything is just so beautifully made.. like you wish baked goods would look when you make them yourself at home but yours are nowhere near as good.  Their use of quality, natural ingredients is abundantly clear and somehow, that makes you feel a little less guilty about indulging. I'll be placing online orders for my niece in the future.  With improved online order processing, I'll easily bump my rating up to 5 stars!
X's To O's vegan bakery is awesome! I've never had something there which I haven't liked and I've been there a handful of times now and plan to go back again. Even my non-vegan mother loves the bakery and regularly wants to go. AND they have vegan "twinkies"! They've also started to sell some non-dessert foods as well which are also awesome and they have coffee (with agave and veg creamer). Everything is very clean and there's a nice wide area so you don't feel cramped in. The decorating is very cute and Sarah is extremely nice and very helpful. You don't feel rushed while you're there and there's seating available. If you want to know what is at the bakery, she regularly updates the bakery's Facebook page. One of the best things about this bakery is that unlike some other vegan places, this one is NOT overpriced. The prices are extremely reasonable. Update: X's To O's now also serves brunch every other Saturday (check the website or Facebook page). Choices usually include pancakes, greens, tofu scramble, frittata, tempeh bacon, etc and it's all extremely good. Even my non-vegan friends always want to go to brunch there now. There's even more cooler items (like Izze, Sheese, etc) and shelf items (gf mac and cheese, non-gf mac and cheese, soy curls, Max Go Bars, etc) now, too.
I am by no means vegan but the owner makes amazing stuff! My gf is addicted so we make multiple stops per week!   Owner always on location and is so freaking nice! Chocolate chip cookies, holiday frosting cookies, and the new smoothies are amazing!
I'm lactose intolerant and therefore search for the best vegan bakeries I can find. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. If you love sweets (vegan or not) you have to try their stuff.
Soooo yummy. I stopped here yesterday after reading all of the great reviews on here, and boy were they right! I got a brownie, a chocolate chip blondie, and then had to add an oatmeal-rasin cookie! Couldn't pick just one thing to try. It was all so delicious! I finished all three items by the end of the night! I just couldn't stop picking at them. I don't even like chocolate and I loved the brownie. Definitely try this place out. Everything I tried was incredible. The ladies working were friendly too. After having my share of  dry, weird tasting vegan baked goods, these almost seemed too good to be true!
I have been a regular since Sarah opened her wonderful bakery. I get at least a half dozen cookies and a breakfast pastry every week and usually one of the really great cupcakes and a couple of brownies or blondies. For Christmas, I really liked the Soy Nog Cupcakes, the gingerbread people, and the sugar cookies (especially the blue angel -- an unintended tribute to Marlene Dietrich?). The atmosphere in the store is always friendly and reflects an incredible work ethic. I remember when finding good vegan desserts was so difficult that it was never necessary to limit one's indulgence ... the goodies from X's to O's have now given us a problem (fortunately, a really good one).  Note for the well-traveled: this place is in the same league as WaterCourse (Denver), Willy Street Co-op (Madison), Sticky Fingers (DC), Chicago Diner (Chicago) ...
this place is worth a drive to troy just to go here.  we tried a yummy muffin sandwich with baked tofu, vegan cheese and vegan canadian bacon. it was fantastic. the brownies and blondies were decadent and rich but moist and very tasty. i didn't have any of the cupcake but it disappeared very quickly.   side note: kenz was delighted to see how many huge tubs of vegan butter they have. they also reuse the containers for storage of frostings and the like so it looks like all they have in the fridge is earth balance (which would not be such a bad thing as it too is so yummy) we will be back. and this time with empty stomachs so we can appreciate more of their delicious treats.
Wow, this place is amazing.  I read about it here on Yelp, and since I happened to be in the area today, checked it out.  I was heading to my parents' place, so I picked up a couple brownies as well as a chocolate chip cookie.   Both things were incredibly good.  I am seriously impressed.  I was tempted not to tell my mother that this stuff was from a vegan bakery as she is always very skeptical about anything vegan or even vegetarian.  But, I told her, and she gave the brownie a try anyhow.  Even she was impressed!  Her exact words were, "Let me tell you something.  That's a good brownie."  My mother is a fantastic baker, and her mother was amazing.  She's super picky.  If she is impressed, you know this place is good.   I can't wait for my father to come home from work and try this stuff. Go here.  It's incredible.  And if you're going to eat baked goods, you may as well eat those that don't have any cholesterol.
My employer ordered 2 dozen gluten free cupcakes recently for an office birthday, and they were incredible! So much so that I went in the next week to try their Saturday brunch. The gluten free pancakes were delicious, and the sweet potato hash browns were to die for. But the cinnamon bun. Oh the cinnamon bun. It was hands down the best cinnamon bun I've had in years. I can't wait to become a regular and try all the tasty vegan treats they can come up with!
Excellent gluten-free baked goods and a mean cup of coffee!  And yes, the blondies are great!
I did not visit the actual bakery, but I was recently attending a party in the area, and they got their cake from X's and O's. As a vegan, I had heard of them before, and was excited when I heard the cake was from X's and O's. But I was so disappointed by the cake! The cake itself was tasteless and the frosting seemed to be made with granulated sugar. It was  extremely crunchy, like eating creamy sand. It was truly awful. If I am ever back in that area, I might stop in to give them another chance with some other kind of baked good, because I like supporting vegan businesses, but I have got to say it was the worst bakery cake I've had.
I'm giving a 4 star review here, because I don't really have any huge complaints, but I don't feel I've experienced it enough to give higher (or lower).  When I went in it had been open for a little while, but the case was pretty empty so there wasn't a great deal of things to choose from. That aside, the chocolate chip blondie that I bought was very tasty and I'd happily purchase one again in the future.   I'll update at another point after I've had a few more visits to give a better opinion.
First visit today and I am very impressed.  Enjoyed both the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cake and a Brownie.  Both delicious.  Fair prices.  Wonderful space.  Delightful proprietors.  I will be a regular customer, to be sure.
love IT! this place is located where goodies use to be. i went here the first time last month (i think?) and it was yummylicious. i have never been to a vegan bakery until now.  it is official, i have lost my vegan bakery virginity. when i went here i ordered a piece of strawberry/vanilla cake, 1chocolate cupcake(+ i stole my friends too), a chocolate chip cookie, i think i ended up eating some of my friends brownie(yeah i did) and tangerine tazo tea. now mind you, i ate all this food in one sitting. i felt  accomplished. it's been so long since i have had good vegan desserts so i was deprived until recently. after that visit, my friend ordered me my birthday cake from there and that was so good. it was a chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting. Mmmmm. So the atmosphere here isn't fancy but for some odd reason, i really like it. the ceiling is really high up and the two bakers that were there were really friendly and helpful. i talked to them about having a CUPCAKE EATING CONTEST and hopefully they follow through with that :]
Ok, here's the low down--the staff doesn't know the ingredients in their items--every single item the girl had to go back and ask. Cakes are chewy like almost gelatinous and pulley. The frosting is gross and you can crunch the sugar.  And EXPENSIVE. Whats terrible is I really wanted to love this place because they offer something different and some interesting and very beautiful looking things, but the prices, service, and taste do not back it up.
Came in one day after work not really knowing what to expect.  First off, the woman there was extremely nice and was quick to guide me through my first vegan bakery experience.  She suggested I get the brownie and I was glad I did, it was delicious and very rich, almost too rich for my taste but a nibble here and there is perfect.  I will definitely have to come back and try more.  Finally, I love the interior but I really wish the counter faced the entrance so the alluring baked goods could stare right at you when you walk in.
Loved it! Quaint little bakery in the middle of Troy. Great selection and great quality. I  don't eat dairy and their pastries don't need it. They were delicious! The fudge brownie's are particularly good!
If their hours were better, m-sat 7-7 I'd give 'em 4 or 5 stars ;-) I certainly love that they have delightful gluten-free treats for a bud of mine & things I enjoy as well such as the orange cream canoes & mint chocolate-chip canoes.
Love the desserts, decadent cake, I  go there  for lunch every few weeks..pick your own sandwich  from the cooler..very fresh and made daily..Canoe's Twinkie like desserts are excellent. Owner is very knowledgeable of ingredients ...very fun place.  You leave full and feeling a bit healthier..
I love it!  I never thought vegan bake goods would be sooo delicious!  Highly recommended!
I am not a vegan. I'm not even a vegetarian. But this is my favorite bakery! Nice staff and fresh baked goods! Everything tastes better than it looks (which is saying a lot)! I only wish they were open more often.
Highly suggest the decadent canoe's...Kinda like chocolate dipped twinkies..only vegan and delish..
Ever since finding this store, it has been my "Go-to" place whenever I am in the Schenectady-Troy area. Always great delicious vegan-friendly food and the atmosphere just makes me happy to be in. Not to mention the owner(s) and the workers, they are so helpful and great to talk to.
I found this bakery after my daughter was diagnosed with a cow milk protein allergy.  I have since gotten her birthday cake and graduation cake from the bakery and they were outstanding!  Everyone at both parties raved about how good they were.  I feel very fortunate to have found this bakery and am happy to know that my daughter is safe eating there.
I tried to like this place because I like the chocolaty-brownies and I have gluten free friends so this would be perfect to bring them - but what I didn't like about this place is that the staff makes you feel like you are inconveniencing them by coming in and ordering something. But the brownies are really good - did I say that already? :)
