I've known ECU's head coach Jojo Guarin for ten years and in that time he's shown himself to be a fierce competitor, humble martial artist, and passionate instructor. Someone you can trust to guide you on your martial arts journey. Training at ECU is a blast, everyone puts their nose to the grindstone and works hard to better themselves and their teammates.  It's no wonder that black belts from across the tristate region seek out Jojo and ECU to sharpen their skills and learn new tricks.
I don't know where to begin when writing this review... What I can say is that I am moving and I am extremely upset that I have to leave this place. The people here couldn't get any better, it is affordable, quality and top notch jiu-jitsu, great instruction, extremely clean mats (prob the cleanest ever, and I have been on mats for about 12 years) and best of all, friendly.  I can honestly say that I have met life long friends who are now my family!  I have been here for 2 years (give or take) and its hard to come across people who have a competitive edge with no ego and are willing to help you so much! Jojo is one of the best instructors and overall people I have ever met.  He really breaks down the techniques and his attention to detail really will improve your jiu jitsu!  I can't say enough about how he has helped my jiu jitsu game, and cultivated a positive environment both on and off the mat.  With him and the training here I was able to medal in pretty much every tournament I competed in.  When I go to other schools while I travel, my jiu jitsu holds up to top notch schools across the country!  Oh yeah, the school often has gatherings, BBQ's, meet ups and has other social functions off the mat. Before I came to the school I was looking around for a few months and I couldn't find anything that fit what I was looking for until I came here. Honestly, and this is no lie, I knew from the first time I rolled there that I was going to stay there!  There are morning classes, afternoon classes, and evening classes as well so you pretty much can make it!  They are affiliated with other schools and Jojo instructs up at Cortland Monor in a beautiful school too so thats a huge bonus!   Jojo is always trying to make his students better and he consistently brings in and hosts world champion black belt seminars!  I mean people like JT Torres, Pablo Popovitch, etc. You can literally train and talk to the best in the world here!   Overall, this school is politic free, friendly and has great jiujitsu and even better people! You really should check this place out! There will be no sales pitch or pressure to join either.  AMAZING PLACE TO BE.  Do yourself a favor and check it out!
Great school- great teachers and coaches- good place for anyone new to the sport all the way to black belts looking to continue learning.  Everyone is very friendly, no big heads.  Mats are clean. Owner is down to earth and very eager to help you learn.  Not my first school, but I would say one of the better that I have been to.  Price for this area is very reasonable.  Don't be intimidated by the uniforms or many high level belts- huge team spirit and a great place to learn the arts!
I am an amateur fighter with a 5-0 record fighting out of BJ Penn's gym in Hilo, Hawaii. This passed summer I was given the opportunity to come home to New York and visit family for three months. Of course, I needed to find the perfect place to continue my training as I had a fight scheduled for September 27th, 2013 back in Hawaii. After searching around at local gyms in the lower New York area I was unable to find a gym that not only has instructors that can help me advance my skill level but also training partners that will help push me to the next level. After expressing my concern to a friend of mine, I was told to check out East Coast United Jiu Jitsu in White Plains, NY. At first I was skeptical, knowing that this gym specialized in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. As a No-Gi grappler that has no experience grappling with a Gi on, the last thing I was looking to do was "try something new" but unknown to me my opinion of raw BJJ would change over night. I decided to visit the gym for the first time on a Wednesday night towards the end of the month of May and I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Wednesday nights are their competition training nights and the training was intense! I was hooked. The head instructor, Jojo Guarin was showing techniques that blew my mind and after rolling with him for the first time, I immediately knew that I was in the right place (because I got my butt kicked). After the first week of frustration due to adapting to both a new gym and a new style of fighting I began falling in love with the sport. I continued my training there twice a day at their 12PM class and the 7 pm class 4-5 days a week. After the first month of training with the Gi, I could already see a HUGE improvement in my game. My love for this sport began to blossom and so did my cauliflower ears. Luckily, ECU offers classes twice a week that allows us to roll with out the Gi,  giving me the perfect opportunity to transfer my new Gi techniques over to my No-Gi game. However this would not be my final test of the knowledge that I was able to take from Jojo and the boys at ECU. August rolled around and I stayed on my grind of training twice a day. Jojo approached me and said that I should compete in the Naga down in Wildwood, NJ at the end of the month.  Being an MMA fighter, I was at first skeptical because my game has always revolved around mixing my punching with my grappling. But I knew this was a perfect opportunity to see just how much knowledge I've obtained and utilize the new techniques in the competition setting. After a long day of competing, using every ounce of strength that I had and all the techniques that I learned from ECU, I won Gold in my division. This was the perfect way to end my training at ECU as I was going back to Hawaii shortly after. ECU turned me into a Champion. And they can do the same for you! All in all I would rate this gym amongst the elite BJJ gyms on the East coast. If I didn't take the chance of switching gyms then I would have sold my self short. I am now back in Hawaii preparing for my next fight and the the techniques coupled with the mind set taught to me by Jojo has giving me the upperhand in my training camp. I will continue chasing after belts in BJJ while living the life of a a martial artist. In closing, I would like to give a big thank you to all the boys at ECU, most notably, Jojo Guarin, Pete Simone, Joel Nolasco and Brian Kim. The knowledge that you guys shared with me can be unmatched by any other gym. Thanks for everything ECU and I will see you when I return to New York!!!
***ECU is now at a brand new location at 305 Central Ave, White Plains, NY 10606.  Great new, convenient location and much more mat space! East Coast United Brazilian Jiujitsu (ECU BJJ) is owned and run by Jojo Guarin, a BJJ black belt under Sean Alvarez.  Jojo has won multiple championships in both gi and no gi divisions at various prestigious grappling tournaments - Pan Ams, NAGA, and Grapplers Quest to name a few.   I have had the pleasure and honor of training under Jojo for 3 years and I firmly believe that ECU is one of the best places to train BJJ in the tri-state area.  Classes are structured and scheduled so that any person interested in training - whether casually and to get in shape or serious competitors - can train effectively.  The instruction Jojo provides is top notch as he breaks down the moves of the day in a easy to understand, step by step fashion that can make even the most unnatural athletes (e.g. ME!) quickly absorb his teachings.   A typical class will start out with warm ups and stretching; exhibition and drilling of several moves; and live rolling.  ECU also offers a competition class for more serious competitors and is a high intensity based training session.  ECU also offers yoga, self defense, kids classes and MMA classes as well.  Jojo always incorporates different teaching methods and styles to keep classes fresh (e.g. seminars, in-house tournaments). In addition, some of Jojo's higher level students run some of the classes as well to offer a fresh perspective to learn from.  ECU is also VERY fortunate to have JT Torres, one of the best BJJ practitioners in the world routinely come by to train and teach classes.   However, the most noticeable aspect of training at ECU is the family-oriented unity of the team and the friendships built with each other.  Men and women, from white belt to black belt, from all sorts of different backgrounds train together.  There are no egos or negative attitudes here, just a positive sense of learning a sport that we all are addicted to which, in turn, has led us all to come together as a close family.   I could go on and on about how BJJ and training with Jojo at ECU has been one of the most important and positive experiences of my life but the best way is to see it for yourselves.  I encourage you stop by and experience firsthand the top flight training and tight-knit friendships that you will make here!
Read my review of this place on my page. I wrote the review accidentally about it's former location. My computer won't let me cut and paste it onto this page, and I'm not gonna write all the crap again, because it was a lot, so if you wanna see my review, just go to my page thingy.
The atmosphere was very welcoming and relaxed. There were plenty of great training partners of all skill level. Jojo is a really nice guy and knows his stuff. The facility was clean and well equipped.  If you're looking for a gym in the Cortlandt Manor area definitely check out this gym!
It seems that recently more and more people have been interested in MMA. With exposure being televised to each and every home, the sport has surely sparked mass interest over recent years. Along with the growing fandom and interest of MMA, many gyms have opened up all offering you the "MMA Experience". However just because they offer said experience, doesn't mean they always deliver it. After all it's not the gym itself or interior that makes it worth your time, it's the trainers and atmosphere that truly make you feel as if you're part of something much more grand. That's what ECUBJJ does, pound for pound this is one of the best gyms you can be a part of. Offering traditional kickboxing mixed Muay Thai kickboxing, Brazilian Jujitsu, and yoga this gym excels in everything it tries. The moment you step foot through the doors you automatically feel at ease, each and every student is respectful and makes you feel welcomed and not intimidated. Along with the students, the head trainer JoJo is exactly what you would hope for in a gym like this. He is polite, welcoming, and will make you feel as if you've been a part of the gym for as long as he has. Offering you advice and recommendations during and after the class so you never feel as if you're just part of the mass. Each class you participate in will push you to your limit. From the hour of kickboxing with continuous cardio, to the hour of jujitsu which will push you ever further. The jujitsu classes include gi and no gi, though there will students who are bigger and older than you that's never a problem. As the instructor teaches you, so do the fellow students. That's what sets ECUBJJ apart from other gyms I've observed. You get the sense that you're part of a family where everyone is supportive and encouraging. Even if you're a new guy/girl and you're attending your first class, whoever you're partnered up with wont complain or be annoyed. They won't show signs of being frustrated since you don't know what you're doing, instead they'll slow their pace down and help you by telling you what to do, what you're doing wrong, and how to do it. JoJo himself will be there taking some time to help and show you some tricks too. Adults aren't the only ones who learn at the gym. ECUBJJ also offers classes for kids where they learn BJJ. I personally haven't attended these classes due to my age, but from what I've seen the kids are really impressive. Kids from a early age learn the basics and more, each kid seems to fully enjoy themselves. The instructors are patient, helpful, and really know how to get through to the kids. Every child I've seen leave the class looked happy and thrilled. ECUBJJ isn't about proving who's the best, or showing off. It's more about helping everyone grow and just improving each other. The time I spent there has stuck with me long after I have left. Since leaving (due to schedule and person problems) I have tried to observe other gym and classes and can honestly say none of them has grasped by attention or drive like ECUBJJ. This hidden gem in white plains should be the first choice for anyone interested in practicing BJJ or just getting in shape. Anyone who's asked me of a good gym to train or place to shed some weight quick I recommended ECUBJJ. Everyone there shares the same goals and push each other to better themselves. No place you'll go to will you find the charm and attitude ECUBJJ has. I will definitely be returning myself soon that's for sure.
