Being a trained VPN Pizza iolite I understand wood fired pizza Having made over a thousand in my wood fired pompei style oven I get it So I look for 3 things Charred base Charred crust Thin crust and some chewy to it A light touch with toppings Speed of delivery/service Yes Yes Yes Hmmm they have a heavy hand Yes The base will have char marks from the brick oven The crust will show blisters Too much toppings can make the pizza liquid.  The siciliana uses hot peppers from a jar so the pizza is a bit wet. Nothing wrong with that The oven is running at 900 degrees so a 12" can be done in 2-3 minutes. A deck oven is 600 degrees so a pizza takes about 20 mins. So we had a great pizza with great service on a Sunday night and they were busy Now this is not a certified VPN Pizza joint so do not expect any Caputo 00 flour and sea salt and imported yeast but the dough they use is chewy and has some flavor to it but hey its Clifton Hill tourist town where the food is mediocre at best Also and this is a pet peeve   their pints are truly 20 ounces but if you order a Stella pint it's 16 oz Skips the apps as a 12" pizza should fill your belly and maybe split a salad with your dinner partner
Not. Food. This is by far the definition of a tourist trap. Ive had the spaghetti with chicken for $17 dollars and it brings me my memories back to the time i was in middle school cafeteria for lunch. SLAVE FOOD. seriously why do you guys do this to me? the place is garbage. Shame on you guys.
Antica is not a good pizzeria or ristorante From beginning to end the experience was wrong. We lined up for twenty or thirty minutes. Fine but watch out for smokers and heavy foot traffic. Inside we were seated at a nice booth, and ordered quickly: I got the gnocchi with added chicken, and a Riesling: Sent back chicken gnocchi. GROSS. The potato pasta was crumbly and bland. And the sauce made me miss the bland potato (Canned Ragu and pasta would taste better) The Niagara Riesling was so flat Not smooth or buttery, just flat. Disappointing given the region. I replaced my gnocchi with a four cheese Pizza: It too thick and bland, even with added prosciutto. My friend had the Calibre which had more meats and a spicy kick. She added sausage. This was the better of the two pizzas but the dough was still a FAIL Dessert should save the day right? WRONG We inquired about the Tiramisu, hoping it was made in house. Our surly waitress said it was shipped in from Italy but even the chefs said it was better than their own. This story was more flavourful than the actual dessert. We had two bites and gave up. I went for the Nutella cheesecake. Don't be fooled by the name. I didn't get cheese or cake... It was more of a condensed fudge bar with hazelnut aftertaste... like something from the frozen aisle of a grocery store. The waitress confirmed it was from a nearby "bakery" So to recap NOTHING FRESH NOTHING RASTY NOTHING CHEAP NOTHING AUTHENTIC I RECOMMEND- saving yourselves! Wish I could GMMB. This place was a joke. EXTRA TIP- There is a restaurant called Napoli off the beaten touristic path. It should offer up better Italian.
Totally not worth the price (15$+tax for cheapest pizza). Not horrible but nothing special or even good. Admittedly it was a bit busy evening, bur seevice was rather slow and they made some weird mistakes. For example, different waiter came to bring my pizza, but it was wrong one. He had to find my waiter to figure it out - my comment wasn't enough.
There was a lot to like here. We enjoyed our pizza and salad for lunch and the staff couldn't have been more helpful or friendly (the waitress gave us some helpful info and the greeter called a cab for us). It's a short cab ride from the hotels to get there. It's a great place to grab lunch.
Here we are at ANTICA PIZZERIA & RISTORANTE Niagara falls Canada. And I had the  pollo Mediterranean it was really good the chicken was a little dry and needed a little more seasoning but overall it was good.Pizza was really good the right amount of cheese and vegetables wait for it here comes the "but" the pizza dough was a little burnt for my tast. The service is excellent
I didn't want to eat at chain restaurants like Ruby Tuesday and IHOP after walking all the way to Canada, so I decided to come to Antica Pizzeria since it looked pretty nice and it had good yelp reviews. I was greeted immediately after I walked in and was seated at a window table. The menu was simple with a few selections in appetizer, salad, and pasta. The biggest selection was the pizza -- of course with that name. Unfortunately, I was by myself and didn't think I could finish a 12" pizza by myself. Instead, I settled for a veal parmigiana with penne pasta and an iced tea. The food came quickly and was a good portion. The food tasted good but didn't wow me. It seemed to be boxed penne pasta with tomato sauce in a jar thrown together with a fried veal with mozzarella on top. However, for what it is, it did the job in terms of filling me up for a late lunch. I suppose I should've ordered a pizza, so hopefully next time I get to come here again, I'd get to try their pizza.
If you are going to Niagara Falls on the Canadian side you must eat here. Tip: Parking is crazy in this area.  My dad found one for $2.50 for 1 hour but the restaurant actually has some parking right after their restaurant.  Look out for that.   We went on a Sunday at lunch and didn't have to wait to be seated.   The service was prompt and friendly.  The bathroom was clean.   We were brought some bread and chili EVOO while we looked over the menu.   Food: we opted to try the pizza, pasta and salad.  Everything was so yummy.   The pizzas are super thin crust and cooked in a brick oven. yelp.com/user_local_phot… We ordered the calabrese yelp.com/user_local_phot… Salami, olives, red peppers and cheeseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.  The salami is spicy so if you don't like hot this is not the pizza for you.   You can't go wrong with the new yorker pizza yelp.com/user_local_phot… Your classic pepperoni and cheese.  So simple yet so yummy.  The cheese was melted perfectly.  slightly toasted. I forgot to take pictures of the rest.  I was hungry. We also ordered the prosciutto and arugula pizza.  YUMMY Spaghetti and meatballs - it only comes with two.  Luckily their pasta sauce is so good.   Mediterranean salad. Fresh salad with onions, olives and cheese.   What makes this place so good?  It's gotta be their tomato sauce.  The owner said his parents make it fresh daily with tomatoes from California.   I would definitely go back.
Great place. Good service a bit slow but very friendly. Would absolutely go back. My one complaint is they need a much better beer selection. You can't have a pizza place and have less than 10 beers to choose from.
Came here for my birthday dinner, and it was delicious. I love the decor, their service and the food. The prices were fair and the food portions were more then generous. I ordered a seafood pizza (a bit heavy probably won't order this flavour again) and a pasta appetizer (delicious and good portion to share) My bf ordered spagetti. Ordered espresso creme brulee which was super yummy. Everything was yummy but sad they couldn't do anything special for my bday dessert. But I'd still go back again if we're ever in Niagara.
Visiting Clifton Hills for the first time(for me, not him), we looked at several menus, even sat at one place and left after 5 minutes of no service, and were really happy that we ended up at Antica! Though it was a little crazy for Niagara, a Saturday, and lunch time, we were seated pretty quickly and met by our waitress just a few short minutes later. She had quite the large area but was quick and sweet - just how we like it! We ordered a salad, a chicken sandwich lunch special and a pizza to split. She brought the salad out quickly, yes! Then a bit later informed us that the pizza might take a little, as it was packed, but that she could bring out the sandwich for us to start. Nice move, we were starving so we liked that she gave us this option. The sandwich (chicken, prosciutto, mozzarella, and some great sauce) with really good sweet potato fries, came out and it was really tasty. If this was any indication of the rest of the meal, we were pleased. We devoured the sandwich and almost immediately the pizza came out. We got a 19 (cant remember the name but it had basil, pepperoni, oil, cheese) and it was delicious! Cooked perfectly, generous toppings, great size, and we ate it just as fast! We got our check and paid at the front and walked out with a smile on our face. All in all, I have to say that Anticas looked like one of the better, or even the best, dinning options in this area. It was a little hectic and a better pay system might not be the worst idea but that is easily overlooked by our simple but great meal. I recommended it twice that evening to those planning to visit the area the next day!
Located in Niagara's entertainment district, this restaurant was our lunch break destination. We didn't really expect much but were pleasantly surprised by their pizzas. The crust was excellent, the toppings were rich and the service was fast and friendly. I haven't tasted many but these are probably one of the best pizzas in town. I give this restaurant 3 stars because in the end of the day it feels more like a diner than a restaurant. If you are in town I would recommend this for a good lunch time stop. The menu left plenty more to discover.
We went with high hopes after a long day at the falls. the pizza definitely lived up to the hype - it was excellent. now the problems - the service was horrible. our drink order took 20 minutes to arrive (only some water and cokes), our food order was completely confused (one pizza coming with the appetizer, another went missing and finally arrived 30 minutes after the first). All in all I would have given this 4 stars had it not been for the service. maybe others will have better luck!
So excited to try this place out.. but overall disappointing. Ordered a couple of Pizzas and Spaghetti and Meatballs. The pizzas were ok, but very very salty, due to the whole olives, but that's my fault for ordering it. The spaghetti and meatballs was a bad joke. The spaghetti was soaking in water.. poured out half a cup of water from the plate! The meatball was inedible.  Imagine catfood in a ball. Told the waitress and she gave me the bill.
By far the best meal we had in this district. They were friendly, and the food came pretty quick. The stone oven pizza was nice, the crust was thick enough to hold the toppings, but not overly so. I had the veal, which looked delicious and was a nice thick cut of veal. The sauce surprised me, it had a plain look, but the flavour really kicked my taste buds. Two veal parm dinners, a starter salad, a pizza with pepperoni and mushroom, two cokes, two beers and one desert was just over $100, so about average for this type of dining experience.   We were fortunate enough that we got in just before the big rush, as we left I overheard the wait time was an hour and a half. Yikes.
We have eaten here the last 3 years we visited The Falls. We've had everything from pasta to pizza. The brick oven pizza is a hit. The pasta and the sauce is very good. Very friendly staff and good service. Highly recommend. A busy place so you might have to wait a little, but it's worth it.
Great food!!! Service a little slow but I am noticing that with all the restaurants around here.
This place is a good option for a Pizza dinner out in Niagara Canada.  To be honest, if this place was in my local town (or most any local town), it wouldn't stand out.  But here, it does.  This place is well run, has good service, and good food (not great, but good) and a fair price.  This all compares well against the other options in this tourist area.
Went to lunch here on a trip to Niagara and was surprised! the smell inside was so good as everything was being made there and the pizza oven is releasing its beautiful aroma. Service was great and Italian espresso was great! I had the grilled chicken panini with prosciutto really good and the bread used for the sandwich was delicious.
Great food, good pricing for Niagara Falls.   Total bill was $52 with taxes and tip for our family of four.  Had pizza, caesar salads, bread, and daughter had bowl of pasta.  Quick and good service, super glad we went here for a nice dinner.
An employee at a store a few doors down recommended this place, but I have no idea why. First, my water had a spider in it. I'm horrified of spiders, so it wasn't exactly a great start to the meal. When we showed a busboy this, he said "oh," took my glass, and walked away. No one brought me another one until we asked again. We asked the waitress what she would recommend, and she said "don't ask me that, it depends on what you like, just because I like it doesn't mean you'll like it." Er. Okay. The actual food wasn't bad, but it also wasn't anything impressive. You are much better off going to Carpaccio on Lundy's Lane. Prices are similar, but the food is incredible, and the waitress was helpful and wonderful there. Dead opposite of this place.
Great pizza place amongst the standard restaurant franchises in Niagara Falls. Only reason why it's not a 5 star is because I think that the prices are sttill a bit high (i.e. most pizzas are $15.99 or more). The pizzas were great - fresh, flavourful and filling!
I'm not a big fan of pizza but I thought these ones were great. Thin crust pizzas were fresh and delicious. My family tried the meat lovers, 4 cheese, Hawaiian and the spaghetti with meatballs. Everyone seemed enjoyed the food. The server was helpful and warned our group of 11 that the pizza sizes were alone the smaller size and only had 6 slices. Good food and decent service. i would definitely go back.
We were STARVED with our Inn at Baymont, its a few mins walking distance. Perhaps our best meal out of our Niagara two nights. Walked in and got tables right away. Got served by Nancy who was very easy going and friendly. FAMILY size portions! PIZZA MEAT LOVER - Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella Cheese, Pepperoni, Bacon, Sausage & Ham. $15.99 - 6 slices. Generous toppings. Cheesy. Nice crust pizza. PIZZA MOLISANA - Mozzarella Cheese, Rapini, Scicilian Sauage, Sweet Onions, Garlic and Asiago Cheese. $16.99 - Rapini really is a hit on gourmet pizza. The best tasting pizza between the two. - Comparable to Pizzeria Libretto in terms of quality and taste, it is Neopolitan style after all. - All pizza's are 12' inches, usually cut up in 6 slices. Highly recommended! EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA: Eggplant slices layered with mozzarella cheese and tomato basil sauce, baked in our wood burning oven $16.99 - My gf is an eggplant lover, and this is no exception. Cut nice and thin, cleans out the seeds and baked to yummy goodness. This was good size portion for one. This AGAIN is our BEST meal in Niagara Falls! We would come back anytime...
Quite possibly some of the best pizza I've ever had. The Caesar salad was excellent and the pizza was cooked and flavored to perfection. Our meals were served in a timely fashion and by a well-trained server. If you're in the area, stay away from the "chain" restaurants and give this one a try! HIGHLY recommended!
My partner and I split the Eggplant Parmesan Panini (Maybe called Melantzana?) and a four cheese pizza. Really enjoyed both - the Eggplant was thin and cooked well, the sandwich was overall very tasty. I did think the bread used on the sandwich was a little strange for a hot sandwich - it was very doughy and chewy. Not bad, though. I really enjoyed the pizza - thought the cheeses went together nicely and enjoyed the Asiago. Also I thought the crust was nicely done. All and all, it seemed like a nice place, albeit a bit overpriced. Alas, this seems to be the case in tourist-y areas.
I was very much looking forward to trying this restaurant. My boyfriend and I had arrived in Niagara for our 1 year Anniversary.  We had dinner reservation but were starving for a late lunch so we decided we'd try Antica Pizzeria out, based on the reviews that I had read on Yelp.   I'm not one to be overly picky, but I do I think the basis are expected.  Good Service, Good Food.  Upon arriving we were impressed with the building, it's a nice looking restaurant however, fairly chopped up in the sense that there were many different rooms it felt like.  We were sitted, and waited.  We waited, and waited and waited.  My boyfriend had actually tried to flag down 3 different servers and a busgirl.  I realize that at 3-4pm it was fairly busy, however, not one waitress even acknowledged the fact that my boyfriend was trying to get their attention although every single one of them made eye contact with him and walked in the other direction. Now this is when I'm starting to get ticked off.  It's 20 minutes now, we haven't been approached by ANYONE.  No water has been offered, no other drink orders taken.  Not even a smile and a "welcome I'll be right with you"  So I picked up my jacket and told my boyfriend to let's go.  The manager was at the door and once I expressed complaint with him he had us back seated and someone with us right away.   Food:  Although everything looked good, unfortunately that wasn't the case with how it tasted.  Our garlic shrimp, baked with garlic butter still had the tails on after digging it out of the butter and melted cheese you had to use your fingers on piping hot shrimp, which also tasted slightly "fishy".  My pizza the Cappriciousa, was not cooked all the way through, in fact the bottom was pretty "doughy" not to mention that mine came out 15 minutes before my boyfriends. I would not recommend Antica Pizzeria based on my one experience here, I hope that those that decide to give it a try have a much better experience than I did.
Pizza was good, however guess it's my fault for ordering salmon at a pizza shop. I figured I'd b safe as this place is advertised as an Italian eatery. I've never had a bad meal at an Italian restaurant so I ordered salmon as I was trying to stay away from carbs. The salmon was way over cooked very dry, and had no flavor. The waiter was apologetic and removed it from my bill. Basically this in my opinion is a fancy pizza shop.
Reasonable price for location, pizza is okay, needs more taste, they don't  carry ketchup, place sells fried stuffs but no ketchup? What a joke. Bread served cold
I remember first visiting Antica about 5-6 years ago on a trip with some guy friends and having one of them recommend this place to us. I loved it then and have since been back many times during my Niagara Falls trips. However my last experience there was very much an OK experience and wasn't as stellar as I remembered it. Antica had been expanding and renovating their place for the last few years so it's nice to see the finished result. It was no longer a modest pizzeria, it was almost an upscale restaurant now, albeit without any snobbery or any unpleasant service. It was still a family restaurant, which was good to see. We ordered the chicken rustica pasta which turned out to be excellent. The rose sauce was creamy and tasty without being overwhelming, and while I normally am very indifferent towards penne pasta (which in my opinion is the McDonald's version of pasta, i.e. the cheapest and laziest one you can find), the holes in the middle (STOP LAUGHING AT THE BACK, JIMMY!) retained the sauces very well and made the whole pasta really tasty. The chicken breast were beautifully done and wonderfully tender, but having only 6 pieces or so in the pasta was disappointing. The pizzas, however, were a bit of a letdown. We ordered the two non-tomato sauce based pizzas on the menu. I can't remember their names, they were #12 and 16 I believe. While the crust was excellent and the ingredients fresh, the pizzas were kinda.....bland. The flavours weren't rich and complex, and the whole thing, while not awful, felt kinda flat. Perhaps some prosciutto would've helped, but that wasn't part of the ones we ordered. I have ordered these pizzas before and maybe my mind is playing tricks on me but they certainly felt more delicious in my memory. I dunno what happened. The overall experience was still OK, I like the new freshened up interior and the servers were friendly enough. Just a tip: do NOT attempt to come here during weekend dinnertimes without a reservation. It's busier than a Psy concert. And I promise that, as 2013 comes to a close, THAT's the last time I will make a Gangnam reference. Happy New Year to all!
The decor made me feel like I was in Italy ... The brick oven pizza was to die for the crust the sauce was just delicious
I absolutely love Antica pizza! The salads are great and their pizza is the best in the whole Buffalo and Niagara Falls area. My whole family loves the pizza. Nice small menu and great location.  I recommend this pizzeria to anyone who enjoys great brick oven pizza.
We came to the niagara falls to visit from LA and wanted to have a nice meal,  thanks to Yelp found this place. The food is not extreme kind of like average. They dont have a big selection of beers and the cocktails are a bit pricey(they are sold by ounce.) They serve bread with butter but they dont warm the bread(WEIRD. ) Anyways at least the food taste good.
Great atmosphere service and pizza. Owner was kind and seemed to truly appreciate our business.
A diamond in the rough. We were looking for a non-chain restaurant and also a place with gluten free options. The Service is great, atmosphere relaxed, modern and fresh with a family vibe. They have gluten free pizza crust available and cook it in a separate oven. Attention to detail. I absolutely recommend dining here!
Best Italian food outside of Italy that I have found so far with the perfect price-quality-quantity relationship. The pizza is sooo good that I saw more than one person order a second one and instead of dessert order the eggplant parmigiana ... so good I must go back soon.
I've been coming here for years.  It has actually improved over time.  They renovated a while back and have these two beautiful wood ovens that you can see from one half of the restaurant.  They don't take reservations, so if it's a Saturday you'll likely have to stand in line for 15 mins.
This place is a real find -- authentic Italian-style pizza in the middle of a town full of tourist traps and chain restaurants. This is without a doubt the best pizza I have tasted outside of Italy. That means thin-crust pies baked from scratch in wood ovens, with a little less cheese than Americans are used to and more traditional toppings. My husband had the Pizza Meat Lover (with tomato sauce, cheese, pepperoni, bacon, sausage, and ham) and I went with the Pizza Quattro Stagioni (each quarter with its own toppings of tomato sauce, cheese, mushrooms, ham, anchovies, oregano, and olive oil). The pizzas may be a little smaller than what Americans are used to (12"), but it's clearly stated on the menu and again, this is the standard size in Italy. Next time you're in Niagara Falls, skip Pizza Hut and go to Antica Pizzeria (just ignore the touristy surroundings).
This place was awesome! We were walking around Niagara Falls looking for something other than your typical chain restaurants and stumbled upon this gem. Talk about true italian pizza, so yummy. Everything was fresh from the bread to the salad. If I had one minor complaint it would be that the complimentary bread they serve at the beginning if the meal is rather blah. No biggy,  because they serve it with oil and balsamic vinegar. My girls had spaghetti and raviolis and all three of my girls gave a thumbs up. Their sauce is about the best I've had. I had a Lamberti Pinot Grigio that was super smooth! If we visit NF again we will definitely stop in!!!
Great place in tourist area - the pie was really good, the crust was thin and crispy with a little smoke flavor from the WB oven.  I sat at the bar and could still people watch since the patio was open. I rated the place loud only because that day it was pretty crowded and there were a couple of groups that seemed to just be loud people.  Think Dish network hopper commercial loud and obnoxious groups...  Can't fault Antica for that though.
We came to the niagara falls to visit from LA and wanted to have a nice meal,  thanks to Yelp found this place. The food is not extreme kind of like average. They dont have a big selection of beers and the cocktails are a bit pricey(they are sold by ounce.) They serve bread with butter but they dont warm the bread(WEIRD. ) Anyways at least the food taste good.
Great atmosphere service and pizza. Owner was kind and seemed to truly appreciate our business.
A diamond in the rough. We were looking for a non-chain restaurant and also a place with gluten free options. The Service is great, atmosphere relaxed, modern and fresh with a family vibe. They have gluten free pizza crust available and cook it in a separate oven. Attention to detail. I absolutely recommend dining here!
Best Italian food outside of Italy that I have found so far with the perfect price-quality-quantity relationship. The pizza is sooo good that I saw more than one person order a second one and instead of dessert order the eggplant parmigiana ... so good I must go back soon.
This restaurant is in a super touristy part of Niagara Falls, ON. It has all the right pieces to be a nice chain restaurant but just falls short. The decor is brick walls and art deco prints. The tables and chairs are kind of institutional which are what make this restaurant chainy and not comfortable. I had a perfunctory Cesar salad and an oven fired pizza (The Peasano) that was just as good as the hand tossed pizza I can get from our local Ohio mall for $8. Our waitress, though, was a pro. Not too friendly but she was very attentive and professional. She even wished us all the best in the upcoming year. Two stars pretty much sums it up; during the meal I just kept thinking, Meh.
This place was awesome! We were walking around Niagara Falls looking for something other than your typical chain restaurants and stumbled upon this gem. Talk about true italian pizza, so yummy. Everything was fresh from the bread to the salad. If I had one minor complaint it would be that the complimentary bread they serve at the beginning if the meal is rather blah. No biggy,  because they serve it with oil and balsamic vinegar. My girls had spaghetti and raviolis and all three of my girls gave a thumbs up. Their sauce is about the best I've had. I had a Lamberti Pinot Grigio that was super smooth! If we visit NF again we will definitely stop in!!!
Great place in tourist area - the pie was really good, the crust was thin and crispy with a little smoke flavor from the WB oven.  I sat at the bar and could still people watch since the patio was open. I rated the place loud only because that day it was pretty crowded and there were a couple of groups that seemed to just be loud people.  Think Dish network hopper commercial loud and obnoxious groups...  Can't fault Antica for that though.
Fantastic restaurant. Friendly staff, delicious pizzas and a trendy setting. Overall easily the best bites in the area.
Pizza was really good for a very touristy area of the Niagara Falls tourist trap Victoria street. Kids were thrilled as was my wife and I. If craving a wood fired pizza try this place out.
Fast awesome dinner. Great when travelling with kids. Server was great.
This is good solid pizza when there's not many places to eat in.
Good pizza place right in the Clifton Heights area. Service was a little slow but the place was packed and the atmosphere was very nice so we didn't mind waiting a bit for our food. Be sure to get there before 6:30 or you will wait for a table. We arrived just before 6 PM and were seated in less than 5 minutes. Yelp has it wrong...they do NOT accept reservations.
Searching for a non-cheesey place to eat in Niagara Falls is like looking for a straight guy at a Madonna concert.  We were feeling indecisive with the few options left, so we literally flipped a coin to decide to go here or not.  The coin said not, but after we walked 15 minutes further to not find an Indian place we came back here. I wouldn't say this place is non-touristy by any means--it's right in the heart of Clifton Hill...   Their menu is about half pastas and half pizzas. We decided to order a Caesar salad and a pizza.   The Caesar salad had way too much dressing on it. Eventually our pizza came, only it was the wrong one.  We at first hoped the food runner just delivered it to the wrong table, but the waiter told us he thought we ordered something else.  (The menu has numbers next to the pizzas and we ordered by number, not name, so I'm not sure how this was confusing to anyone) ...After waiting another 15 minutes the correct one came. It was a pizza w/ artichokes, mushrooms, and maybe something else (can't recall).  The mushrooms were hard to find.  The artichokes were straight from a watery can (not even good canned ones)... The tomato sauce was lackluster--to me it tasted like straight tomato sauce from the can (not even canned pizza sauce, literally canned tomato sauce).  The crust was nice in texture but was pretty flavor-neutral.  The wood oven helps a lot.  The crust is the only part worth repeating of this pizza. Overall given the area it's an OK choice maybe...  Prices are reasonable at least.
Great pizza. Having been within Canada for two days, this is probably the best pizza I've had in a long time, in every country I've been to. I have not been to Italy yet :) . Antica is right outside my hotel, and after walking to Niagara Falls, a seven-minute walk away, I needed some place to relax and get some pizza. I got Canadese; well worth the price.
Wow!! Never heard of this place but very impressed. The food was incredible some of the best Italian I've ever had. Service was not that great though
The food and prices are great!!! We got the pizza Americana and garlic. Both were made in the wood-burn stone oven.  These two dishes were delicious!!!!! The only problem I had was the very slow staff. I counted 5staff just standing around and socializing. I strongly recommend this place :-)
I make it a point to go to Antica nearly every time I visit Niagara Falls. There's probably plenty of pizza places just like it, but there's something special about Antica I can't quite describe. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the wonderful aroma of wood-oven pizza. It's the focal point of the restaurant as well. You can watch the entire process of your order being made in front of your eyes. There are quite a few options, in regards to pizza. Something like 20 choices, all numbered in case your Italian isn't up to par. There's also pasta and veal sandwiches, but pizza is where Antica is at its best. The wait staff is very friendly and the orders are usually put through quickly. Be aware though, during the tourist season there can be a long wait just to get you in the door. Also when you ask for the bill, they will bring it to you, but you have to bring it back to the cash register. Odd little routine, but very easy to get over. Especially when you do pay, you'll find they don't leave your wallet too light. The atmosphere is great. I usually use it as a topper to my weekends in Niagara. The girlfriend and I will have one last meal before hitting the road at Antica, and it almost guarantees to put a smile on our faces the whole way home. I definitely have a warm place in my heart for this restaurant. (Tip: There's no free refills on pop here, but they don't always remember to tell you. Keep that in mind before ordering another drink.)
Lets say if you have been to Niagara Falls and have not tried the Food here its time you did!  Place looks Beautiful inside and out... Service is Fast, how ever due to popularity the line can get fairly long outside but the Food is well worth the wait... Antica Pizza Is one of the Best I have ever Had!  Its a thin crust made from scratch cooked in a wood oven taste of Heaven mmmmm  and Tuna Approved Rice Balls!  This Man AKA: Tuna is Very hard to please so when I say Tuna Approved Trust me its Good! Every trip we make to the Falls has at least one meal at Antica  .. if early in the day and not to busy in the restaurant they will even make it to go for you... I even have friends that request a Pizza be brought back to Mississauga! Nuts you say.. ya probably but nuts taste good... Humm why does that sound wrong.. lol
I've eaten here once, with my wife and son. It's a big place, like many restaurants near Clifton Hill, and the ambience is decent. There's a large patio and a spacious indoors. It's neither cheap nor expensive, given the location. If this were farther from the Falls and Clifton Hill, I'd say it's a little steep for what you're getting. I had a wood-fired pizza, as did my son. They were excellent. Not the best pizzas I've had, but well above average, to my taste. Simple, but well-prepared, and the wood-fired nature made the difference. Everything else, on the other hand, was just about average. I had bruschetta, which were fine, my wife had ravloli and a salad, which were fine. Nothing was wrong with anything, but nothing stood out as being really good either. My inclination is that this is a good place to get a wood-fired pizza, and don't pay too much attention to the rest.
Antica is located just off the tourist trap of Clifton Hill, where lousy tourist restaurants dominate. This is not one of them. The wood-oven pizza is very good. Thin crust with just the right amount of charring on the bottom, good sauce and cheese. The oven itself is in the dining room, so you can watch the pizzas being made. They're slightly too big for one person unless you didn't eat lunch, and too small for two people to share - but that's probably about the right size. Better to have a slice left over than not enough. They have a wide variety of interesting pizza options, as well as a selection of Italian dishes I didn't try. The pizzas are a few dollars too expensive, but you're going to pay "too much" in this area anyway, so if you're walking around the Clifton Hill area, this place lets you get good food for your money and avoid the tourist food.
Mid 2012 Bianca pizza - pretty darn good. Bruschetta - just so-so.
I created an account on Yelp just to give a review of this place. I absolutely loved this place! I went with 3 other people and we found this place while we were exploring the attractions of Niagra. We were told a 1/2 hour wait since there was a dinner rush but we were seated within 5 minutes! We ordered the Margarita, Meatlovers and Bianchi (I'm probably butchering the real names). The pizzas are slightly bigger than a personal pizza and so three for a group of four was perfect. The flavour and texture felt very authentic and Italian (they bake in a wooden oven and use fresh ingredients). The service was friendly with the waiter asking if we needed anything time and again. The place was packed but not over-crowed. The price was reasonable averaging $15 dollars per pizza which is fair. There was a mandatory tip but based on the service, they deserved it! Next time I'm in Niagra, I will be coming back!
Food was excellent. Their Pizza is so thin and so good, wood oven just does the trick. My wife had a Mediterranean Pasta with goat cheese, let me tell you i have never had a pasta with out a marinara sauce that was bursting with flavors. This restaurant is in very touristy area of Niagara Falls, ON but the prices are very reasonable. Service can be improved just a little.
Really nice pizza and garlic bread! Service is awesome too! This is the restaurant that I'll recommend my friends to come when visiting Niagara Falls, but be sure to make a reservation first! Or you'll need to wait for 20+ minutes! Anyway, great restaurant. (;
Fueled with hunger, we searched for a decent place to eat dinner in the foodies' desert known as Niagara Falls, Ontario. We stumbled upon Antica, which was sure to deliver decent food quickly, knowing that they had a wood-fire oven. I ordered the pizza Antica, with banana peppers on top. The crust was well cooked, and had a good crunch like any wood-fired pizza should. I liked the cheese and sauce on top, but I wished it was more evenly spread throughout the pizza. Overall Antica is a better option than the fast food joins around, but I think everything is definitely overpriced. $10.99 is too much for 12" thin crust pizza, $1 is too much to add banana peppers to it, and $4.25 is too much for a Labatt Blue.
We were seated and served immediately. The menu was reasonably priced (especially for Clifton Hills area) and the food came in less than 10 minutes. We both had the spaghetti and meatballs for dinner which was perfect. For dessert, nutella cheesecake; again perfect. And our server Rona was fantastic, checking in to make sure we had everything we needed and just very pleasant in general. Antica pizzeria, you're doing it right!
If you are in the mood for pizza, then this is it! Amazing service even though it's very very busy! Pizza's were tasty and delicious.  Pick any pizza. They are all good. Enjoy folks. Park around the back for 5 bucks on a busy night. (like saturday night)
We had a great meal here on a Saturday night. Since we were a party of two we were able to get in with only a few minute wait; larger parties probably waited about 20 minutes for a table. We had the pizza canadese, which was delicious. The 12 inch size is just a tad too big for one person, and a little two small for two people to share. You might be able to get away with two pizzas for three people though. Since we had extra room in our tummies we decided to split the Toblerone peanut butter cheesecake. It was very delicious and did not feel too rich. I was a bit disappointed that they don't offer cannolis, but I guess that's better than offering mediocre ones. The service was fine, but I felt a bit rushed. The server was very efficient and came by with a purpose every time. That was fine, but usually I expect a little more pampering. For example, our water glasses got pretty low and my empty wine glass sat on the table even though I finished it before the dessert came out. However, for the price and crowd, I was willing to let it slide. Instead of the server finalizing your check, you pay at a cash register. Again, not a huge deal, but it takes away from the full-service aspect. In addition to credit card, they were taking both US and Canadian money, giving you change in whatever form you paid.
This was the first place we ate after driving into Niagara Falls from Buffalo. Loved it! Everything about this place - LOVED it all! Our waiter was as sweet as can be, she had the most upbeat/outgoing personality and was very attentive the whole time. What was also a plus about this place was that it wasn't touristy at all. That was not the ambiance here what so ever, at least on the day that we went. The caesar salad was amazing and the pizza was perfect, just perfect. We had some splendid calamari too for an appetizer. Inexpensive/great service. Give it a try!
When you're in the touristy area of Clifton Hill and Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, you can seek refuge at Antica Pizzeria. My straight from Italy father boasts about how much he loves it -- he finishes an entire pie himself -- and will drive over the border from Buffalo just to enjoy this pizza and gnocchi. Reasonably priced and tasty, it's the perfect place to enjoy lunch or dinner in this area.
I had an eggplant parmesan and it was amazing!  Nice, flavorful, chunky tomatoes, light breading (super light actually,and it's not breadcrumbs-idk how they do it but it's great.) They put it in the wood oven so it's like a crispy layer of eggplant on top. Super nice and hot. Just really amazing.  I can't remember having a better eggplant Parmesan. I tried a slice of their pizza as well. It is actually really good also. Wayy better imo than the cold, tasteless pizza around the corner at bravo(I ate there for lunch earlier).   I'm sure their toppings and different cheeses are great. Tip: The bread they give you is really plain. I didn't taste it, but they have a garlic bread that looks tasty and they put it in the wood oven. Tip: On the outside it might look like a regular neighborhood pizzeria that's just average (that's what my party thought and we made the mistake of driving by and going to bravo).  It's nice inside though and food is authentic. Highly recommended.
I thought that the pizza here was very good, although my husband did not think it was anything special. It was nice to see an independent restaurant in a sea of crappy chain restaurants in Clifton Hill. Beer selection was lacking a bit, but there was a nice variety of pizzas and the decor was tasteful. It looked like it had been recently remodeled and in general the place had a nice ambiance.
Food was good. The pizzas are pretty small so if you are starving and can eat a lot you may need a pizza to yourself and it would get pricey then. Service was very good but it was 3 in the afternoon and not to busy. The kids liked being able to watch the pizza being made and put in the oven.
The only good thing I can say about this place is that my server was really knowledgeable. However, she was a little smug so my table wasn't too fond of her. The food itself was good. Not amazing, not disgusting. I suggest going here to try wood oven pizza, but don't expect anything wild. It just tasted like a regular pizza, that happen to be really thin. I don't know, I want to say I loved this place... but it really didn't stand out.
excellent pizza.  visiting niagra falls with the family and we were all crazing pizza.  we were not disappointed.  pretty long line to get in - but we were seated within 10-15 minutes.  great service and food.  my son said it was his favorite pizza - ever.....that's saying something coming from nj/ny.  nice decor.  very clean.
Absolutely amazing food and atmosphere. I am from Italian family and this is truly great, authentic Italian food. You get a lot for your money too. We got arancini for an app which was great. First taste of their amazing sauce. Bread was home cooked and served with a number of different oils to dip with. I got Napoletan pizza which had unbelievable seasoning - I actually finished the whole thing because it was too good to leave behind! My husband got chicken parm served with homemade spaghetti - incredible. Best spot we could have ended up for dinner!
Wood fire pizza that melts in your mouth goodness :)) Amore Pizza is what we chose to eat!
Great place if your in the mood for Italian. Fresh pizza made un a wood burning oven.
We asked for a recommendation at the tourist info booth, and were not expecting much since the surrounding area is SO tacky.  We were pleasantly surprised to find a decent lunch of quality Italian food.  The husband is Italian, so he is very picky, but Antica definitely passed muster on their sauce, pasta, and panini.  Pleasant service too.  If only we could get rid of all of the creepy, tacky establishments you have to walk by to get here!
Came here while visiting the area. The pizza was really good. I had #12, but I added tomato sauce. I also had the house salad. Quality is great. It is a little pricey. I loved the decor. It's a great place to eat if you're looking for a clean and somewhat upscale place in Niagara Falls.
Very tasty pizza.. Homemade taste.. Inviting interior..
They charged me an extra 15% on top of the 15% gratuity, they even tried to keep the bill when I asked for it. Very deceptive tactics used here. I ate at other restaurants in the area and had no such problems. Please review ur bill carefully before paying.
Not only did they serve a great cappuccino, but the lovely blonde waitress proved to be an honest person. I left my phone on the table, and she found it and put away for me.
Very good Brick oven pizza.  The service was excellent and a hit place with the kids.  Who does not like brick oven pizza!  There were many choices and the calamari vanished like a ghost!  They were tasty and the dipping sauce was sweet and tangy!  I recommend eating here if your itching for a great tasting pie!
A true family run restaurant (Mom, Dad and sons were there working away when we ate). Great atmosphere, very friendly service. Pizza is excellent and pastas were very good. I was a bit skeptical of the local house Cabernet (from Niagara region) but it was great. Teo (one of the brothers) is super friendly and loves to talk about hockey.
Stopped in here for lunch today with our 2 kids. Split a salad and a pizza. The pizza was good.  I thought the salad was small for the price, but the lettuce was fresh and crisp. Liked the decor. Good service. Would definitely eat here again, especially compared to what else is available in the area.
Fantastic pizza! Our server was extremely friendly and provided us with great service. Would highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely go back on our next visit to the "Falls"!
The pizza here was one of the best pizza's I've ever had, which says a lot coming from an Italian boy ;-).  Thin, tasty, and loaded with toppings. The bocconcini antipasto was also delicious.  The place was packed the evening we went, but the service was still relatively fast, and our waitress was super friendly and quick.  Couldn't get much better than this.
After a wine tour, Antica's pizza really hit the spot!  I came here on the recommendation of yelpers and will now pay that favor forward.  If you are in Niagara Falls Ontario and looking for some good food, this is your destination. The line at front can attest to that.  With so many restaurants clustered together, there is no need for anyone to wait unless they really want to.  And judging by the crowd there on a Sunday night, many people wanted to. But not to worry, the establishment is big and they turn tables fast.  Don't expect the best service - everyone is nice but the waiters are more focused on work than service.  We weren't given napkins or additional plates to share the large pizza we ordered.  When we requested these items the response we received a wide eyed, panicked, "Um ok."  The waiter passed us three times, and the fourth time it appeared he was purposely not making eye contact so I took matters into my own hands and swiped some napkins and plates from the waiter station. But after that, everything went smoothly.  The pizza was delicious, the bruchetti appetizer was crisp and filling and their Mediterranean salad was fresh and well seasoned.  Go in with low expectations for the service and high expectations for the food and you will have a good experience at Antica pizza.
you guys are some harsh reviewers on here, especially considering the rest of the stuff in this super tourist-trappy area, this place is way above average.  me and the girlfriend actually had a pretty great lunch here, the wood fired pizza was delicious and had a nice chew to the crust as well as the expected char on the bottom.  beer was ice cold and not too pricey.  caesar salad was okay but the dressing might not be homemade, I couldn't tell which means it was nothing special. Also took a point away for the free "bread" they serve to dip into oil and balsalmic, that stuff was awful and actually took away from the meal because it doesn't start you out on the right foot. at the very least you guys should have toasted it or something because it was like wonderbread otherwise still, we had a very enjoyable experience with friendly service and as I said this place is way above average for the chains & other garbage located on Clifton Hill tourist strip, almost a bit of a gem. we would return for sure
Ordered the bruschetta and the Canadese pizza. The pizza uses a thin crust which is delicious. The bruschetta was okay. Thin bread with tomatoes, small portion. The server was nice, but service was a bit slow -especially considering the place was almost empty.
Nice place to eat. I have celiac disease and they were able to accommodate. My companions food came out quicker, however I found this was because the cooked it in a separate room and had used fresh water. I had the Mediterranean Chicken served on a gluten free rotini. It was so nice to go to an Italian Restaurant and not just order salad.
I grew up in and around the NYC area, so I am forever burdened by a preconceived notion of what constitutes great pizza. But sometimes you just gotta say to yourself, "Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown". Or, as the case may be, Niagara Falls. Which brings me to Antica Pizza, located smack dab in the middle of Canada's very own over-commercialized heart of darkness, Clifton Hill. It takes true courage to walk amongst the savage tourists brandishing their $1.99 "Slowly I Turn" T-shirts and refrigerator magnets, but armed with nothing but our faith in mozarella, and our overextended Visa cards, we dedicated ourselves to the mission. Find good pizza, or be prepared to call two donuts and a cup of coffee at Tim Hortons dinner. Here's what your humble narrator and friends discovered upon their arrival at said destination. Thin crust wood oven 12" pies with darn good tomato sauce and some interesting topping options, including banana peppers and artichokes alongside the usual suspects.(For whatever reason, eggplant ain't on the menu.) On the internationally recognized Fuggetaboutit pizza scale, i'll rate Antica a 7 out of 10. If you didn't grow up in NYC, you'll probably be inclined to rate it higher. Either way, not a bad slice if i do say so myself. More Wolfgang Puck than Mulberry Street, but like Dorothy said, we ain't in Kansas anymore. Considering the price gouging going on in Niagara Falls, the bill at Antica is like landing on FREE PARKING. Four of us (that's 4 individual 12" pies) ate for about $45 plus tip and Ontario's 13% restaurant tax. (So that's how they finance socialized medicine here...on the backs of the overserved and overfed). Antica also has the standard Italian pasta and entree options on the menu. But one look at their pizza kinda obviates the necessity for much else.
Being a tourist in Canada and craving some pasta, my family and I just hopped in this place. Also being allergic to dairy, they even had a pizza without cheese which my wife even loved! The pasta was great too and the canadian draft (forgot the name) was good too. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. When I visit the falls again I will love to go back and dine there.
Mine was skimpy, poorly orchestrated, asiago cheese and prosciutto pizza. Sounded good but all they did was cook a pizza dough and then sprinkled it with cheese, prosciutto and arugula. Hers was more flavorful. Desserts were prepackaged and just ok.
They were very nice with us, we arrived when they just closed the restaurant, but they allowed to us to enter and order just pizza. We ordered three different pizzas and they were so good. Very nice place and comfy.
Everything tasted cheap.
Nice find in the touristy Niagara Falls area. Really enjoyed our lunch. Caesar salad was good, and the kids pasta was excellent. Great light and flavorful sauce. The highlight for me was the pizza. It was the best I had had this side of Italy. Thin, crisp crust, and high quality cheese. Fairly priced with good service.....highly recommend.
My wife and I passed this place on our way back to the hotel one night before dinner.  I mentioned to her that Antica's looked like a good place to eat.  We were staying @ the Double Tree and had a $50 voucher for dinner.  After sitting at their bar we had a few drinks and decided not to use the voucher and go grab a pizza.  Excellent choice!!!  Pizza was really good, thin crust style and the calamari appetizer was awesome!!  Washed it all down with a nice cold beer.  Server did an outstanding job
Known for its wood oven baked pizzas I go there for Antica's great Tiramisu.  With drizzled chocolate on top it's melt in your mouth heaven! The restaurant's decor is the typical Italian, dark wood with scenes of Italy on the walls.  Pizza is pretty good and their side salad is enough for two.  The wait staff is great and the prices are reasonable.
Considering the location, in the middle of the touristy and expensive Niagara Falls area, the food was pretty darn good, and the prices, a bit steep, but very good for the area.  Nice atmosphere too.
Best pizza I have ever eaten.  The wood fire oven makes a difference.  Price reasonable, service was ok.  It is worth the drive from Toronto just to eat there!
Went for dinner on a Saturday night at 8pm.  Restaurant was packed with people but we were seated right away.  Service was good, nothing spectacular.  We had the garlic cheese bread for an appetizer which was very good!  When you walk in the restaurant the kitchen is open and they are cooking the wood fired pizzas right there.  Sausage on the pizza did have a kick to it.  Food was very good and fast.   We were in and out in less that one hour.
We were looking forward to trying this place for something that wasn't a chain unlike everything else in the area.  We're not NY style pizza fans anyway so we didn't have really big expectations.  The waitress was a little older and sweet.  She brought our plates for our garlic bread and mine had a big ol' hair on it.  I know that doesn't bother some people but that makes me gag because if there's hair on that, where else will it pop up that I can't see?  Again, just me.   The pizza was wood fired right in front of us which was nice but the flavor was pretty flat.  No real spice to the sauce at all, just tasted like straight out of the can tomato sauce, generic cheese and the pepperoni was really bad.  I tried doctoring mine up with some pepper, red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese but it didn't help much.  I swear I'm going to have to start carrying a spice holster with me everywhere I go.  Also, I got iced tea and wasn't told it was lemon flavored sweet tea.  (BLECK!)  I didn't drink it, the hubby did and I drank his water.  (Neither of which was offered to be refilled.  When it's not tourist season, you have to beg every restaurant for refills.  Grrrr!)  On the upside, the bill was $19 something for 1 drink, garlic bread and a pepperoni pizza and the waitress made very sure we were aware her tip wasn't included in the total.  Another side note, they have wifi!  (A rarity in this area!  Just ask the owner for the password)
This is one of the few reasonably priced restaurants in downtown Niagara Falls.   We found the pizza to be solid and the service really good.
True Italian family owned restaurant, this place transports you to Italy for a few hours.
Pizza excellent , eggplant parm excellent. Bread was beyond disappointing.  15 servers gathered around chit chatting and joking around , not one available to see if we want water refills or napkins or whatever else.  We had to get up and go ask them for stuff.  Price was ok.
Great service, great food, and prices aren't too expensive.  I suggest the #12 pizza, it's amazing.
Maybe I should have trusted my gut (and the reviews) and ordered pizza, but instead I got the gnocchi that the menu claims they're known for. The waitress said the gnocchi were made in-house, and to her credit I'm pretty sure she was telling the truth because they didn't taste pre-packaged. However, the marinara sauce was lacking in any seasonings and was therefore incredibly bland. Definitely not worth the price. However, the pizzas looked and smelled good, so they might be a better bang for your buck. The waitress was friendly and the service was very quick, although they weren't very busy since I went at an off hour. In a part of town severely lacking in decent food options, this place might be an okay option.
My boyfriend and I go here once a month because it is his favorite restaurant.  The atmosphere is really nice and the staff is friendly. The brick oven pizza is amazing!
Eh... Pizza is pizza, would give it a 3.5 if I could for taste...I even ate the crust, great very thin crust.  Nice atmosphere also.  Service not great, had to go looking for the waitress for our bill.  When we went to pay in the was a line up of frustrated people.  I guess they were having some sort of problem.  One suggestion would be that they serve the pizza on some type of a hot plate to keep it warm and so that the cheese isn't dry and hard by the time your half way done your pizza.
Me: Quattro Formaggio pizza - perfect crust, tasty cheeses. Her: Mediterranean Pasta - she loved it. Dessert: Tiramisu, nice flavor, not the best ever, but satisfying.
Great food, great service, and decent prices.  New York pizza was a hit!
After writing a couple of negative reviews for other restaurants that were complete rip offs in Niagara Falls, I figured I should add in a positive one.  The food and atmosphere were great here!  The pizza is similar in size and pricing to California Pizza Kitchen for frame of reference.  It was nice to be able to sit down and eat once on our trip where we didn't feel taken advantage of.  Thanks Antica!
My second favorite pizza place. Love the wood fired pizza plus they usually have whole wheat pizza dough. Great spot to people watch and eat.
The 4 cheese pizza was amazing! And staff was friendly! Also had a beautiful ambiance.
Their wood fired Pizza was awesome. Wife got a pasta dish which was very good as well. The service was a bit on the slower side but I would still say this place was one of the best places for food in this crappy/super expensive Clifton Hills area.
Food was great!  Service was ok. If they had better service it would be a 4 star place. Simple great food.
I had the ravioli, which was great. My partner had the gnocci, which lacked taste. The atmosphere of this place is nice, plus they provide a free parking lot to the left of the restaurant. Service was great too!!
Awesome.   Wide variety of pizza toppings, thin crust, wood fired, delicious.   Very popular and had a bit of a wait, but very worth it.
i was a little iffy about finding good and decently priced food in the heart of the touristy clifton hill area, but i was wrong! really good pizza here. we had no idea. happened to be walking by mid-afternoon and noticed the crazy long line. we decided to return for a late night snack and there was no wait - yaya! i'm glad we did! we had an artichoke chicken pizza. it was really good. if i'm ever in niagara falls again, will definitely stop in here. don't order cocktails. hella weak. go with a beer or wine if you want a drink with your meal.
After a long day tromping around the falls (including a walk over the bridge to New York!) I was nursing a slight sunburn and some pretty rough blisters. We wanted to find a place for a nice - but not extravagant - dinner. The area is full of every kind of tourist trap and there are a LOT of chain restaurants. I did a quick search on Yelp and found Antica Pizzeria - convenient, reasonably priced and not super touristy! We were able to sit outside, which was delightful. The Italian-style pizza was quite delicious, and they had a really large selection of pizza toppings. Everyone walking by on the street was looking enviously at our pizzas and my mango daquiri. Perhaps the best part was that it felt like a bit of an escape from the touristy mayhem just down the block. Unless you love chain restaurants, you won't regret coming here! If you do, I think there's a Kelsey's across the street...be my guest.
The closest you will come to real Italian pizza this side of the Atlantic! I have had wood fired pizza many times but there is something they do here that stands out. I highly recommend the prosciutto and argula pizza.
Ate dinner here tonight. The food was excellent and the prices were very reasonable for the area. Me and the kids had chicken fettuccine and my husband had chicken Parmesan. Meal price was about $14 for each dinner.  Not a large selection of beers if you care about that sort of thing.  Only thing I didn't like was there were no free refills on the Coca Cola but that was minor. Service was very  good and they accommodated special request to change our dinner slightly to remove mushrooms and onions for the kids and replace prosciutto with chicken.  We will be going back again to try the wood fired pizza.  Would recommend this place if you are on the area.
Nope. Nope. Nope. Tried to place a to go order and was told no because a party of 40 was there. What?!? How is this my problem?  I'm disappointed that a business in a high tourist traffic area would not be able to handle a take out order. Now they have someone who will not go there even though I have a week left in the area. They made no effort to rectify the situation and just plain refused my business. Too bad. I really had a taste for a pizza but apparently one lousy to go order is not worth the trouble.
