We had delivery brought to our hotel room.  The woman who answered the phone was pleasant.  Our food arrived when they said it would and it was good.  The portions were enormous.  I barely finished 2 slices of our pizza.  A tad heavy on the cheese for my taste, but plenty of people like that.
Best pizza in town
We stopped here after visiting Niagara Falls. We had a great and reasonably priced dinner. We enjoyed delicious pizza, yummy wings, and an antipasti salad for my sister with celiacs. The owner, Steve, was attentive and a fun guy to chat with. Overall, it was a great experience and a cheap, yummy bite to eat after enjoying the Falls.
We ordered from here during an overnight stay in Niagara Falls and were pleasantly surprised.  This is what good, solid New York pizza is all about.  The pepperoni was tasty, the cheese was gooey and perfect, and the crust was delicious.  If you need a pizza fix and you're in the area, definitely give them a try.
My friend and I stopped here on our way through town. The pizza was surprisingly excellent! I ordered the buffalo blue cheese pizza and my friend ordered the taco pizza (both personals). The dough on both pizzas was light and fluffy. The sauce and toppings were fresh and delicious & the size was more than enough for one person. We both wound up with to go bags. The decor could use some updating, but the service was beyond friendly and the pizza was amazing! If you're in the area defiantly make a stop! You won't regret it!
Being new to the area and in the mood for pizza Yelp helped me find this location. So I ordered a cheese pizza and a Buffalo Chicken/Blue Cheese pizza. It was about 15 minutes from my hotel but due to the stellar Yelp reviews I felt it would be worth going out of my way.  When I got back to my room and opened the boxes I was first surprised to find thick dough on both pizzas. Some reviewers described the pizza as New York style which generally consists of a thin crust that can be folded onto itself. Then when I started to eat the pizza both came across as just average. They certainly were edible and very reasonably priced, but I would describe the Buffalo pizza as being unpleasantly salty and not that flavorful or interesting to eat. Sorry Donatello's.
Absolutely delicious pizza! We came from NYC where we eat pizza every other day, but this pizza was by far the best one we ever had. The owner was very friendly and helpful. We will come back tomorrow for sure.
Who knew that a simple personal 9" pizza with cheese and pep would make run around the ninja turtle themed pizza shop singing " Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles turtles and a half Shell turtle power" Pizza was bomb dot com! Crust is thick ! Tons of cheese. Good sauce. All around great eats.  kowabunga dudeee!!
Was delivered in half the time quoted,still hot and tasty.  Nothing mind blowing but would come back again if we're in the area.  Good value as well.
This place sucks! It's self serve and no beer. WTF? We walked in and the first thing I notice are the flies everywhere. The place also had a foul smell. We didn't even bother placing an order, we just walked right back out.
For 9.50 I got a pretty good quality steak and cheese grinder. Had it cost 8.50 that would be my fifth star.
I am really disappointed to the wings. We ordered 20 wings, half buffalo and half garlic sauce. The wings are just too dry to bite off!!! The buffalo ones are tasteless and dry, the garlic soused taste no garlic and dry. Really really disappointed .
The restaurant has a very family, simple, kind of retro feel that works really well with the food. The pizza is non-pretentious and simply delicious. The sauce is the star: tastes like fresh tomatoes, is zesty, and not overseasoned. The bread is a close second: soft on the top but with a slightly crunchy, toasted crust. Additionally, the service of the restaurant is up to par with the food. It is evident the employees care and are truly thankful to serve us. Lastly, the price is very affordable (though I'd happily pay more). Very pleased and will come again if given the chance.
Outstanding pizza and--oh!--that cheesy garlic bread.  My family and I had dinner here one night during a visit to Niagara Falls; it was the least expensive AND most delicious meal of our stay.  The owner is a really nice guy who made our meal even more enjoyable.  Super clean bathrooms, too.  If we lived near Donatello's, this would be our go-to pizza place.
Awesome food!  The best pizza EVER!  The owners are so nice and do their best to please you.  Their subs are stuffed with delicious goodies and prices are fantastic.  Try it.....you won't be sorry.
Had an all meat personal pizza. Delicious. Delivered to the Seneca casino hotel still hot. Ate the whole thing. If ever in this area again would definitely order again.
Awesome little spot, conveniently located on 3rd between Ferry and Niagara. They have a pretty large menu considering they serve pizza, wings, subs/wraps, and salads. Also on Fridays they do "Fish Fry" which I have learned is a local tradition. Surprisingly, they have lots of seating inside if you want to eat in but it looks like most of their business is take-out and delivery. What's really neat too is that they deliver even to some of the local bars so while you are getting your drink on, you can just give them a ring, place an order, and they'll bring the order right to you! My friend and I each ordered a wrap to eat in and were quite satisfied. Some other friends that we met up with after ordered in wings to the bar and I was sort of wishing that I wasn't so full because they smelled amazing! They devoured them in no time. We also met the owner who was friendly and jovial and clearly cares about his business and customers. I'll definitely be back!
Donatello's was delicious. Pizza is such a subjective thing, but if you like doughy, medium crust pizza with excellent tangy sauce, I think this is the place for you. Prices were very reasonable, service was very friendly and small-town feeling, and it was so good we had to fight the urge not to come back the next day for another pie. I don't usually like bone-in wings, but the wings here were exceptional. They had a perfect amount of sauce and were crispy outside and moist inside. NOTE- very casual... Paper plates, self serve, etc.
+ fresh food, good wings -  limited parking, higher prices After reading a few of the reviews of this place I had to try it out.  I didn't see a private parking lot, so it seems you have to park on the street, which is tough as there aren't very many spots.  I got lucky and parked in front. Once inside, there is a counter off to the right and a table off to the left, it doesn't look like anything special inside, almost feels a little too plain, but I guess they at least it does have seating.  I ordered the pizza (1/2 tray) and wing (20) combo for $28 which I felt was a little steep.  I noticed the prices on the menu were higher than a lot of other places in Niagara Falls. They told me it usually just takes 30 minutes, so I left to do some shopping and came back to pick it up.   The food was ready when I returned.  I got the wings half mild and half hot.  They were a good size (see pic) and not too saucy which is just the way I like them.  They tasted good, though I wish they were a little more crispy.  The pizza was 1/2 sausage and 1/2 pepperoni.  It was nothing special for a pizza, just like the cheap places in Niagara Falls.  Typical large size pepperoni, typical sausage crumble, typical plain crust, nothing unique about it at all.  The food tasted fresh, but I didn't think it was worth the premium price.  I also thought rolling up to the place with the owner standing in front smoking his cigarette before and right after I left wasn't classy at all.
Good hot Pizza and quick delivery!  Lots of Cheese and I was impressed that the food was still piping hot when it arrived to my hotel room.  Also ordered wings and they were huge with a good taste and kick!  Price was a little high for Pizza but my employer was paying the tab so I'm not complaining.   They don't accept AMEX which is a downer for me since that's what my company uses for travel expenses.  But they do take Mastercard and Visa and Debit
I ate here three times last week. (I dined in twice, ordered delivery once). I would probably give them a 3.5 but they get bumped up for the tuna macaroni salad, which I loved so much I ordered it every time.   The pizza is a pretty good NY style pizza, they are generous with the sauce, cheese and toppings.  A personal sized pizza by itself is probably just the right amount - with the tuna mac it was one slice too big, but I can't skip the tuna mac! I also ordered a sandwich one of my visits, just grilled cheese, but it was good. Their delivery service was fast as well.  The gentleman at the counter (and on the phone) isn't curmudgeonly, but he is very "NY" and direct.  He is still friendly though one has to understand that NY speaking patterns differ from those in other parts of the country, so having him say "Who's this?" and "Where are you at?" instead of "For whom shall I place this order?" and "What is your address?" is not really out of the ordinary up here.
Fantastic Food! Was taken back by the look of the restaurant, don't go for the ambience.  The owner was such a great guy. The portions are huge and delicious!
Great pizza and Delivery service. Was staying at the Seneca Casino and ordered a pizza and some soda. They got it there in a half an hour, and it was still hot. Nice on the phone as well...
We went based on other Yelp reviews.  We were not dissapointed.  We had a large pepporoni and green pepper and also a personal meat pizza.  The pizza came out hot and was deliciojs.  I would definitely come back to try some other menu items.  The owner is very friendly and walks around talking to the guests.
Very very good.. I am so impressed with this place that I'm missing it even though I am nearly 400 miles away, back home, now and I have plenty of good pizza options in the neighborhood. The guy at the counter was very friendly and nice. He gave us suggestions on what to order, and in general made us feel very welcome. The location of this place so near the Falls area is perfect. I realize that people may be looking to avoid pizza on a holiday, given that it is food we eat often enough otherwise, but I would say that when in Niagara Falls, make a visit to Donatello's for sure. The personal size pizza is good for one, perhaps even more than enough. There were 2 of us, and we ordered 2 personal sized pizzas, and we ended up with 2 extra slices at the end. But we were not complaining because we gladly took the rest to our hotel with us.
I ordered the pizza and wing combo. The pizza had great dough and just the right sauce to cheese ratio. The wings ( 10 cowabunga and 10 honey BBQ) were not too dry. We had a lot of leftovers ( for 3 people). I'll take away a star because delivery to our hotel (5 min away) took almost an hour. I would definitely eat there again but perhaps next time I'd pick up the order.
Great Pizza. Had 1 17" Pizza, Split Cheese & Sausage. Wasn't burnt, cooked perfectly. Service was good, allowed us to switch tables. Had a TV with news on. Interior of the place wasn't the best. Have 1 family table. I suggest you go and try it out.
We came here because of the reviews on Yelp. Wow, were we ever pleased! We ordered the meat pizza & it has to be one of the best Pizzas I have ever had (& I'm 64 having eaten many pizzas)! This is a can't miss while in Niagara Falls.
Very good. Service is excellent, food is fantastic, a little on the pricy side, however you get massive amours of food.
Steak sandwich was good, but the bread kept it from being real good; friendly place and worth the time
Five Stars not only for the food but for the service. When you go somewhere and they make you feel at home or important, it is a great place to be. We had the Steak and Sausage Sandwich which was a little different for me because I don't care much for Italian sausage. But I walked away very satisfied.  You can't miss on this place.
We ordered the large hoagie and personal size all meat pizza... It was yummy!!  Reasonably priced and ALOT of food - my hubby and I had leftovers for dinner the next day!  The guy at the counter is soo nice.
Great food! Good prices. People were super friendly. Kowabunga Dudes
I would put this among my personal top 10 pizzerias . Excellent pizzas ! The crust is crispy on the outside, but chewy in the middle. Some may find the cheese a bit excess, but given the quality of the ricotta and mozzarella that are used,  the cheeses give the pizza a perfect "soupy" middle which makes it all the more delicious . The roasted artichokes and peppers plus the fact that pizza is fire roasted gives it a delightful smoky flavor.  Yes, the pizzas are a tad expensive considering this is as casual a restaurant as they come, but for the quality and taste , it is worth every penny !
The Italiano pizza was outstanding. We dined in and the pizza was soft with a crispy bottom, the Greek salad was pretty good with a lot of Feta and the cold sub was great. Yes, the place needs a face lift the food is solid.
When I ordered here, I knew I was getting good pizza. I checked the Yelp reviews and the consensus was: awesome delicious cheesy pie. Yeah! The pizza did not disappoint, although it was a little on the pricey side; about $19 including the delivery fee for a large vegetarian specialty pie. My friend helped himself to a slice and him, a local in Niagara Falls, demanded to know where the pizza was from. When I told him Donatello's, he said something to the extent of "hot damn I didn't know Donatello's made this kind of pizza." Yup, they do. And yes, this should be where you get your pie if you find yourself in the Niagara Falls area. It's just that damn good.
The place was great....its small and the people working there were great....we got greeted before we even got to the front door...by the owner...we ordered our food...and when we were waiting for it the owner brought out crackers for the kids...the pizza was good....better then I have had since I moved to NY....good pricing
The reviews of this place really turned me on to going here. I'm a big fan of pizza/wings. Unfortunately the food is very mediocre. The "Italiano" pizza was OK at best.....WAY to doughy. I wound up just eating the toppings/cheese off of the crust.  I ordered 10 wings as well. I'm not sure if it's the oil they deep fry in, or the sauce, but there was a weird aftertaste. I barely tasted any sauce on the wings. The dipping ranch is pretty bad as well. The only REAL satisfying part of the meal was the Mt. Dew I grabbed from the fridge. Everyone has their own tastes.... mine just happens to favor COOKED crust, wings that actually have sauce, and ranch that doesn't taste like 3rd world fat free ranch.
We walked in and my boyfriend was wearing a Donatello (tmnt) hat. We were greeted with a kowabunga! We ordered the Italiano pizza and pizza rolls (not vegetarian). We were NOT disappointed. Absolutely delicious. Pizza rolls are a must!!!
Heard the wings were good so we gave it a try & I'd say it was pretty good. I'm not typically a wings lover but their wings had the right amount of crisp & still tender on the inside. Butter/garlic sauce was buttery but needed more garlic. Hey, you can't have too much garlic in my opinion. Honey BBQ was good but it did not make me a BBQ convert. Salad was fresh. Clean little dive. Owner Steve was super nice.  In a town without much options, this place ranks high.
Found this place using Yelp and I'm so glad I did! Food was amazing (try the pizza logs!),more than fairly priced, and the man who waited on us was really friendly. If you live in the area or are visiting the falls I highly recommend checking this place out!
Stopped here with a couple guys I met at Niagara Falls. We got pizza and wings. Wings were quite good surprisingly! Pizza wasn't bad either. Very affordable, we had plenty to doggy bag! The guy at the counter (I believe he was the owner) seemed like a curmudgeon, but he wasn't so bad. Maybe a bit cranky of all the out-of-town tourists he sees.
Ordered Donatello's delivered to my hotel room and was pleasantly surprised.   The pizza was very good...perfect amount of sauce, crust and cheese.   My only complaint is they could have used a better pepperoni.  The Greek salad was fantastic and loaded with feta.  Would definitely order again if I'm ever in Niagara Falls.
Excellent pies, hot sandwiches and wings. Need I say more, yes. The people are very friendly and pleasant. The prices are very fair. Definitely, a fan.
