Went last evening to listen to Al Jarreau...overwhelming atmosphere! The Music Hall itself is an interesting historic place (built around 1885 by chocolate manufacturer William Wallace) - it's the oldest theater in Westchester. The building has a lot of great names attached to it: designed by the same architects (Theodore DeLemos & August Cordes) who also built New York City's Grand Palace and the Macy's Building at Herald Square, famous patrons among the Goulds, Rockefellers and Vanderbilts, famous artists (Antonin Dvorak, Mae West, Rafael Jossefy, etc) or other personalities (Woodrow Wilson) were among the first performers and speakers on the Music Hall Stage. The facade of the building is beautiful and it is "considered to be one of the finest examples of Queen Anne decorative brickwork in the country".         The interior of the theater is a little run down and the seats are quite small. But nothing new here (I saw some of the old theaters on Broadway and all have cramped seats). The decorations on the walls are very cute and welcoming!       About the concert itself...I was mesmerized by this great interpreter and its vitality! Tomorrow (March 12th ) Al Jarreau will be 74 years old!!!! Incredible voice, musical acuity and he is harmonizing in a unique way! Actually the whole band is composed of fine musicians: Larry Williams - Keyboards ... Mark Simmons - Drums.. John Calderon - Guitar...do not remember the bass (but he has a great, great voice!!!!)
Gem of a theater in a fun river town. When I lived in Tarrytown in the early 1980s the Music Hall was run down with maybe 2-3 shows per year. Now the inside has been lovingly renovated and is always providing top flight entertainment Seating is good if a bit cramped. Sound on the main floor and balcony is quite good. lighting is pleasant and not too intrusive. The Music Hall features top name acts, comedy, movies and stage productions. There is something for everyone. Parking is a nightmare in Tarrytown with only two small lots nearby. There is parking within 10 minute walking distance. Plenty of great bars/restaurants for pre- and post-event fun Tip: Look for the $5.00 movie nights for classic films
Still like this venue a lot, but one thing I have to comment on - the etiquette of the people who attend shows here is very often outrageously bad.  Screaming out songs they want played, talking during the show, screaming at the musicians *while they are in the middle of a song* - just terrible.  It really detracts from the experience.  Seen it happen at a few different shows now, from Robert Cray last night, to Brandi Carlile a few years ago, to Los Lobos last year.   Hate to blame the venue, as it has more to do with the fans, but I have never seen it with that kind of regularity at any other venue in the New York area.  Maybe there is something the Music Hall can do to discourage that behavior.
Beautiful, charming, quaint, and historic. Truly enjoyed a wonderful, entertaining show by the Canadian Brass here a few days ago! The hall was really charming with cute decor on the walls. Acoustics are dry for a concert, but the staff and personnel are absolutely wonderful, joyful, and friendly! :) A quick history of the Music Hall: Established in 1885 by chocolate manufacturer William Wallace, this is the oldest theater in Westchester County! Although it looks like a small venue, the hall actually seats 843. Designed by distinguished architects Theodore DeLemos and August Cordes who also built New York City's Grand Central Palace and the Macy's building at Herald Square, the Music Hall's facade is considered to be one of the finest examples of Queen Anne decorative brickwork in the county. The Music Hall was one of the first theaters to show silent films in 1901 and was the venue for several national causes, including women's suffrage in 1915. Antonin Dvorak, Rafael Jossefy, Mae West, and Woodrow Wilson are among the first performers and speakers to grace the Music Hall stage. With a full-time staff, forty freelancers, and over 200 volunteers, it has become a cultural destination, attracting over well over 80,000 people including 30,0000 children on an annual basis from all over the tri-state area. The theater is an economic engine, generating over $1 million for the local community and it contributes between $50,000 and $80,000 of space to local nonprofit organizations. It seems like there are a lot of cool, interesting shows at this venue! Go check it out!
Tarrytown Music Hall is one of those places that you want to tell the world about but you also want to keep it a secret for fear of it loosing its old charm beauty. My first visit, and hoping it will not be my last, was on January 21st. My husband surprised me with tickets to Citizen Cope concert. It was an amazing surprise and a very special night. The hall is warm and inviting with silhouette images decorating the walls and red velvet covered seats. The concert was acoustic and sounded great throughout the hall. Upstairs you can find a small bar that sells beer and wine, but cash only. The staff was very friendly. There are yearly events posted on their website. I believe during the Christmas holiday that just passed the movie White Christmas was playing at the hall. So if you are looking for a cozier venue to either see your favorite artist or band or just want to watch a favorite classic movie, Tarrytown Music Hall is the perfect place, all year round. I have added their websites to my favorites and will be checking for new events throughout the year.
This place is beautiful.  Tarrytown itself lies on the Hudson and provides for some great views and a quaint village atmosphere before any shows.  Parking is a bit tough so arrive early The theatre itself has had some recent remodeling.  Still it has the antique feel that feels both cozy and haute. I have seen two shows here, Demetri Martin and Chuck Mangione.  If you know neither hop on you tube and become a fan. We sat in the very back of the balcony for the Mangione Show and the concert was still great.   If there is someone you remotely want to see live, check this place out.
Great theater hall with iconic ambiance . From wall art, lighting fixtures, and glass door marquee, Tarrytown Music Hall IS the real deal. You couldn't ask for a better location as Main street and the surrounding blocks are filled with great restaurants and cafes. This is a historic hall in a historic town, definitely go! Some Wiki Facts: -Tarrytown Music Hall was built in 1885 and has served as a venue for great musicians such as Dave Brubeck, Louis Armstrong, Miles Davis, Tony Bennett, Dizzy Gillespie, Branford and Wynton Marsalis, Tito Puente, Bonnie Raitt, Bruce Springsteen and James Taylor to name a few. -The Music Hall has been the site for several films, documentaries, TV shows and commercials such as The Preacher's Wife starring Whitney Houston and Denzel Washington, The Impostors starring Stanley Tucci and Oliver Platt, The Secret Lives of Dentists starring Dennis Leary & Campbell Scott, and The Good Shepherd directed by Robert DeNiro and starring Matt Damon.
If there's an act you like doing a gig here, and there very well may be, don't miss it.  Great small nuanced venue, sound is good, staff is nice, very easy to get in and out.  Grab a bite or drink down the block before and after the show and you'll fall in love with Main Street, Tarrytown.
Beautiful! Has a nice smell.
What a great little old-school theater!  I saw Artie Lange perform a comedy show there last year (absolutely hysterical).  The seats are small and kind of uncomfortable, but you should expect that in a small old theater.  It is nice inside with that antique atmosphere and the acoustics are pretty good!  I would definitly get tickets to see someone else perform at the Tarrytown Music Hall.  Parky on the otherhand kinda sucks.  There is a municipal lot on Mainstreet, but I suggest if you are going to see a show to go early, park in the lot, grab a bite to eat or a drink on mainstreet.
A charming and historic theater. I've been here for a few shows and the inside is very beautiful and old. They might have to restore or update the inside soon as it looks like there might be problems with leaks and water when looking at the walls. The seats are also a little uncomfortable in the balcony but are definitely a lot more spacious on the ground floor, so I recommend level 1 seats. Again, may be the product of this theater being so old. Parking is also a little bit of a challenge here, so plan to arrive here early to compensate for parking time. Other than that, the only other minor complaint I have is the ridiculous amount of time it takes to exit the building after a show- there is basically only one exit and it's through where merchandise is usually sold.
Saw Huey Lewis and the News there recently and at TMH the "heart of rock and roll is still beating..."!  It needs the tender loving care that any historic building requires.  Bathrooms are a ridiculous wait and parking is impossible.  But, but, but it is the pride and joy of the main strip of Tarrytown and is a once in a lifetime experience that many of us are fortunate enough to repeat many times.  You get a little wine; the tickets are not pricey; you wait a little for the lieu; you finally find parking and your within the most intimate and exciting setting to see great live entertainment.  Rock on Tarrytown Music Hall - you deserve to thrive.
I went last night to see a screening of the 1925 Phantom of the Opera movie, with live organ accompaniment. The theater or music Hall is beautiful, very enchanting and historical. The movie was terrific, I would most definitely recommend attending a screening of a movie here. The surrounding area around the music hall is cute and quaint as well. Worth a visit. If there is any event here that interest you, go if you can.
Looks great, well kept, performances vary (obviously) but so does the crew behind them (or so it seems). Pick your battle, because you may be part of a losing one.
You'd be shocked at the amazing acts that come to Tarrytown. I've seen world famous comedians Demetri Martin and Brian Regan here and they have quality musical acts all the time. The venue is very large, but is classic and pretty much anywhere you sit, you're good.
I was here to see Bill Burr last sunday and it was a great experience and the venue is very classic and old-timey. So as your walking up or down the steps to the balcony you might wonder if this place is haunted by the ghosts of classy old-timey people in top hats and canes, but otherwise, you can sit anywhere and feel like you got the best seat in the house.
Please do not change this venue. It is laid back and they sell beer in the balcony for six bucks, cash only. But then you can go to 7 11 and buy your own Yuengling cans and put them in you purse. Very intimate yet larger venue. Loved it. Will be back.
I've seen two shows here and the charm of the place, volunteers et al., make up for the insufficient bathrooms and the crappy parking in Tarrytown.
you can't find a better place to listen to great music, comedy, etc. Join and become a member!!
Saw the Rocky Horror Picture Show last night at 11:30pm, show started promptly and had a great time. Third time I've been to a show at this theatre, every time it's a good experience.
Love the music hall. Warm and intimate venue, consistently great performances. I'll take it over Radio City any day.
Went a month ago to see Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes and what a magnificent treasure this place is! There is not a bad seat in the house and you can feel its history. The sound was excellent and the closeness made the place sound like the crowd was double the size it was. Its very old school and you can get candy etc...if you want to get drinks you have to head up to the balcony and thats no big issue at all. The bathrooms-thats another issue like something from the Civil war era- you just gotta deal with it if you have to. The security got on alot of us about taking pictures and tried to run a girl away from getting closer to the stage but she was rebuffed by Southside as he pleaded to let her stay "just for this one song" and then everyone rushed the stage and security was never seen again-that was nice of them as they could have still played hard ass and did not-only adding to the great show. The parking though is VERY TOUGH and get there early-nice thing we saw was they actually had someone standing on street in front of the place holding a parking sign to let people know where to go- very thoughtful and helpful. Its a nice area and some great restaurants to go to before the show. You gotta go to this place-what a wonderful experience.
Was at the Music Hall last night to see Herman's Hermits starring Peter Noone. It was a fabulous show - I'd give him 10 stars if I could! The theater itself is a little run down and the seats are pretty small and cramped...a bit like sitting in a grade school auditorium. Nobody cared because the show was so great. The theater staff was pleasant and helpful and the camera police took the night off and didn't enforce the picture ban. It was great meeting and shaking hands with Peter after the show at the autograph table. I hope the Music Hall has him back soon!
Went to see Merle Haggard last night and it was the worst concert I had ever been to.  But it wasn't Merle's fault.  A man and his woman were directly behind us in the left hand side of the orchestra section.  They had many beers during the performance.  Throughout the show they were screaming at the top of their lungs-for the full two hours.  In fact, Merle had to start two songs over because of their obnoxious behavior. Everyone in the left hand section was yelling for him to shut up but he told everyone to kiss his ass.  That was the cleanest response. After talking to the facility manager and security manager after the show, it was our fault for not interrupting the performance and going to them to complain. They said they would have moved us.  To where, the show was sold out. I paid for two great seats and I have to move. That's pathetic. From the litter on the floor behind us, this place obviously over serves. Is it worth making some money on concessions and have other patrons suffer through another mind numbing concert. Fortunately we have other venues to go to - we traveled from Connecticut to get there by the way. We will have to spend our money at the Bardavon in Poughkeepsie, The Paramount in Peekskill, Mohegan Sun in CT, Infinity Hall in CT and the Town Crier in Beacon. We will not waste our money in Westchester again!
Took in Ron White at the Music Hall last night.  But the lack of comfort in the theater (in the Balcony at least) took away from an otherwise terrific performance.  Yes, I know the theater's restoration is a work-in-progress and a volunteer operation and yes, it is historical and has great potential.  And I have no problem with the lack of aesthetic maintenance . . . but, I CAN'T tolerate seats that are not just uncomfortable--but agonizing.  Maybe fine for the petite, but I watched others cringe and groan all night.  It's not so much the width of the seats;  there's no legroom either.  At 6'1 and 230, I'm not abnormally large, but I had to sit almost "side-saddle" with one leg in the aisle.  And oh yes, the parking DOES suck--even on a Sunday evening, when almost 3 hours ahead of time.  The Paramount in Peekskill is much further along in their resto, more comfortable and has more than adequate parking. Think I'll stick with that.
