My boyfriend and I love this place.  The hibachi is so-so...But the sushi is awesome.  They have a nice variety of things in case you aren't into Sushi.   The sushi is some of the best I have had, the flavors they have made for their rolls are phenomenal and soooooo delish.  I have tried a lot of things here and nothing has disappointed me yet! My only issue with this place is the decor is pretty drab and looks pretty tired/old/like it needs a solid scrub down in some places, but overall, that definitely won't  keep me from coming back here like, every week.
Literally every single Nabeyaki Udon I have ever had comes with an egg and a few chunks of chicken. Abis decided that it would break their business model to add some chicken and an egg that would cost them all of $0.50 USD, so they skimped on it and left us with a dish of noodles, soup, two shrimp tempuras, and some straggly cabbage floating around. For $15. So yeah, if you're gonna be that hardcore a cheapskate when the rest of the Nabeyaki-Udon-serving world magically is not, I'm gonna give you 2 stars. You're lucky I didn't give you one.
They flip shrimp in your mouth and cook on huge grills right in front of your eyes. Need I say more? The food is a way overpriced and this is probably a good example of why hibachi isn't popular in Japan with anyone but tourists... It is truly fast food Japanese, but oh so good. Go with an empty stomach and plan to leave overstuffed. Don't go too early or it's a family affair (and the seating is family style: 12 to a cook). Don't go too often or your wallet will hurt as much as your kidneys, your heart, your blood circulation, your swollen kankles, etc etc etc....
Connecticut has its own chapter in Zagat's Japanese restaurant guide, but I prefer to use my boyfriend to find authentic tasty places. He was born in Japan and knows what to look for. In answer to a sushi craving in southern CT, we made reservations at Abis. We were seated immediately, which I was happy about. I also liked the overall atmosphere of the restaurant. It was comfortable, and the staff was very friendly. The sushi was. . . good, but it didn't make me sit up and say, "Wow!" The tuna and the yellowtail were both fresh and tasty. The egg was a little off, and was brownish, as if it had oxidized a little too much. This happened with my second piece of bonito as well. Points for having bonito, though. I don't see that in every sushi place I go to. The lobster roll was decidedly blah, though. Definitely from frozen crustacean. I did enjoy the eel-tuna-avocado combination. The service was fantastic, one of the reasons I'll go back and try the traditional Japanese offerings. I'd ordered plum wine, and a few seconds later, the server came back with another glass, saying she thought mine might have smelled a little sour. It was quite tasty. The sushi chef was very attentive and fun to talk to. One of the reasons I like sitting at a sushi bar is to watch them work. I saw him make a rose blossom out of some squid. Dessert was green tea mochi, and some tempura ice cream. Some liquor was poured over the tempura and then the server lit it on fire. Maybe it's a little bit of unnecessary showmanship, but I enjoyed it. Next time, we skip the sushi. Watch this space for more details.
I was going to give Abis 4 stars.... then started thinking about why I was going to do that.... the reason would have been because they have sushi buffet brunch...  then I realized for the same price that they have sushi buffet brunch (because in all honesty there's only so much sushi you can have) you can basically get 8 different rolls between 2 people and be so completely full and satisfied and pay less because there wouldn't be a tip involved... so then I decided to give it 3 stars... and that's my story. As for the review.... other reasons:   the place isn't as clean as I would expect it to be which doesn't give me a good overall feeling being there sometimes.  The service (although I've only been there on Sundays for sushi buffet brunch) is not up to par considering they really dont do much of anything.  They give you refills of mimosa or other beverages which id be able to do if it were part of the buffet myself.  So basically that's all I'm tipping... don't get me wrong, I'll still leave 15% no matter what.  I was a waitress and I know how it feels. I do like the fact that the restaurant is split up into hibachi with the grills and then regular restuarant for sushi and there's a part where you have to take your shoes off and sit barefoot... i thought taht was innovative and they should have done most of the restaurant this way.   I will warn... parking can be difficult on the Ave so it might be wise to veer off onto side streets right off the bat. Otherwise I've had quite decent experiences here, nothing out of this world but I'll definitely keep coming back for more.
We stopped by on a weekday night.  The "traditional japanese" part of the restaurant was closed, but they insisted the full menu would be available on the hibachi side.  I looked through the menu and ordered hijiki salad and chicken soba.  After 5 minutes, the waitress came and explained hijiki salad is not available.  No problem, I replaced this with seaweed salad.  After another 10 minutes, I was told soba was not available.  No problem, I replaced it with udon.  After another 10 minutes, I was told chicken was not available.   The final insult was when they brought me plain (mushy) fettuccine noodles instead of udon.  I took one look and told them I ordered udon.  The manager (?) then came by and explained to me in a condescending manner that this was a different type of udon noodle that I was not familiar with (not familiar with??  I know my japanese food and my udon noodles and this was not it).   MORE IMPORTANTLY... Besides general whining about my personal experience (which I'm sure will vary from day to day), the chicken teriyaki was dry and tasteless.  The accompanying noodles were greasy and fried (reminiscent of cheap panda express noodles at the airport).  Try Tengda or Bambou instead - better service and better food.   You have been warned.
I am shocked that Abis does not have all five stars. I think the problem is that people are going to the hibatchi side. Which is very delicious but slightly expensive. What do you expect seriously... we're in Greenwich people everything is expensive. You have to expect that when you go to dinner in Greenwich. The real gem is the sushi side. You can still get delicious warm entrees but the sushi and sashimi is to die for. It is so delicious and they have so many delicious rolls and unique specials. I have been going since I was born and have never gotten sick from their fish or anything. Everything is fresh and delicious. Five stars one of my favorite sushi restaurants.
Some of my family lives in G'wich, and I'd definitely say this is our "our spot" for sushi-hibachi in town. Always reliable and tasty. I'd call it a fun dining experience too, even if you don't go for the hibachi. In fact I don't think we've ever done the hibachi here... no need to really... They have very fresh sushi, and good non-sushi menu dishes. I often get the sizzling platters, which include a meat and some vegetables in a light sauce, with rice on the side. I'd call it a legitimately healthy restaurant option, as the portion is resonable, and nothing is fried or over-sauced. Tempura (not so healthy) is positively wonderful here. Whatever you order, it'll be battered and fried to perfection. Another great part of the extremely diverse menu at Abis... I will agree with other reviewers and say that the service is suspect from time to time. While we've never witnessed a grotesque screw up or heated argument, I could see that happening... -1 star for the sometimes absent-minded service.
Abis is very popular in Greenwich, but I can't find any reasons why.  I've been several times with disappointing results.  Abis bills themself as a high-quality Japanese restaurant offering traditional Japanese cuisine along with Hibachi.  Their traditional Japanese food is pretty good, and the Hibachi is good enough.  Their service, however, leaves much to be desired.   When I was there, the service was terribly slow.  At the end, I was told I would have to pay a 20% gratuity.  I had paid 15%, considering the service wasn't so great.  The manager demanded that I pay the 20%.  Gratuity is something that is earned, not something that's mandatory.  I'd steer clear of Abis if I was in the neighborhood.
I went to Abis for a birthday celebration and it was great!  We dined on the Hibachi side for the event and it was a lot of fun.  It is a traditional hibachi along with fun demonstrations with fire and flaming onion volcanoes!  The food was really good, and the service was great as well.  The servers were quick to bring drink refills, the soups, and the salads.  The food is decently priced, about 25-30 for a hibachi dinner. I have also dined on the sushi bar side and that was great as well.  Their fish is fresh and their menu is extensive.  I usually get the same thing every time, so I can't comment on much, but what I do get is fabulous.  Parking is difficult on the Ave, but if you drive around long enough you will find something.  You can also park in the lot behind richards after they close.  I love this place!
Been coming here as long as i can remember. Theres 2 sides to the restaurant- hibach with 6-8 tables and sushi with plenty of seating.  Almost everyone in town has had a hibachi birthday here or celebration here. Its the places to go. Recommend a reservation place is usually busy. Always good food. I love the sushi side, its quietier, less kids, more teens, young adults and couples having quiet dinner out. Waitresses are usually the same and if you come enough they know your order and are always friendly. Menu is pretty consistent not much changes and you get your food pretty quickly.Usually come here at least 1x/week and never had bad food. Its the first place i tried sushi- california roll to be exact. Perfect place for sushi beginners. Usual dinner is clear soup, ginger salad and sushi roll with eel, shrimp tempura or spicy crab. never had bad food. always good, quick and can be out in 30min or less GOOD- always consistently good, not pricey bad-parking on ave can be a pain sometimes. hibachi side HIGHLY RECOMMEND RESERVATION! always packed which is a good sign!!!
I am eating a Hibachi lunch box from Abis *right now*. Chicken & Shrimp Kushiyaki for $10.95. I went and picked up the lunch box for take out. (hmm.. does this mean I should be working through lunch?) The restaurant was larger than I expected, but not very packed for the 12:30 lunch rush. Abis made great use of their space: a nice fountain and koi pond, a section of elevated seating, sushi bar in the back. Everything made the restaurant seem larger and more open. The lunch box itself had a salad, soba, two skewers of shrimp (3 per skewer), chicken teriyaki, and rice (of course). As you can expect, everything was neatly compartmentalized and packed. The salad was good. It wasn't the ginger sauce you'd normally expect. The dressing was much lighter and I believe made from soy beans. The shrimp and chicken marinated in teriyaki sauce were pretty standard. The chicken was slightly dry, but no big deal. The soba noodles were probably my favorites. Overall, a good lunching experience. review 3/20/08 I.M.Y.
We hadn't been to Abis in years so when a Groupon discount was available we went.  My headline should be "Why bother?'  The operative word is 'mediocre.'  The decor hasn't changed since the last time we were there and it looks tired.  The service was slow and there was a run of different waitpersons.  I ordered Sashimi, which is one measure of an Asian restaurant.  The fish was fresh, but the portions were tiny compared to a half dozen other Asian restaurants in Fairfield County. Lyn had the Sushi and it was best described as uninteresting.
Got caught in a rain shower while shopping on Greenwich Ave. so decided to run in here to do the hibachi thing since the BF loves it and make the most of the weather. I don't appreciate being seated by a family with small children. Annoying ones at that. I feel like there was a ton of open seating and our waitress didn't really ask if we wanted to sit anywhere else. Granted, hibachi is more of a family experience but not only were the children annoying so were the parents. Kind of ruined my entire meal. Food was pretty good but not amazing, service was great, portion sizes decent, pricing pretty standard for Greenwich. Not sure if I'd ever come back unless I had family in town and it was someone's birthday or something.
This place is one of the better hibachi places in Fairfield county.  The food is decent (filet mignon and shrimp is not bad at all) and they give you dessert at the end.   I find it pretty annoying when they have to do the usual hibachi theatrics, but I guess it comes with the experience.
It is unfortunate this is the only place for hibachi in Greenwich because the quality of food is so poor and the place is unsanitary. Last time I was there there was a long black hair in my noodles. For their prices they should at least have better quality food and service.
Hibachi was fun when I was a kid. Nowadays, I only go after persistent prodding, blackmail, or a very special event I can't get out of. Hibachi tends to be noisy and the popular restaurants get too crowded. Abis is okay, but I found it a bit unsanitary. Certain parts of the floors, the edges of the tables and my chair felt sticky and oily. The food was good, but in the back of my mind I kept thinking that the floors were sticky, the table was sticky, my chair was sticky... :-(
This is my family's go-to place in downtown Greenwich! The food is consistently good and we all like the dinner sets. It's not the best Japanese place, but it's good enough! The teriyaki is tasty as well as the tonkatsu and udon. I know that they also now have a large selection of Korean dishes because of the new owner, but I haven't tried those yet so I'm not sure how they compare to the Japanese selections. It's usually super quiet in here! Solid restaurant although a little pricey, but that's no surprise for Greenwich.
I'm still so upset about this place. Used to go here every week with either my girlfriends or my boyfriend. Manager on hibachi side.... Awful! Sushi side ...... Lets just say ill only get take out. I work near the one in thornwood and love it. I go every Friday. It's just like the Greenwich one used to be. Booooooo
My Abis experience needs to be given a disclaimer because we used their online ordering system to order takeout. Mostly because we're lazy, but also because we're slothy. The online system was easy to manage, although many of the items didn't include prices or descriptions which left our options slightly limited. We picked the time for our order and were on our way to pick up our sushi, post haste! We ordered the King Lobster Roll , Snow crab and avocado roll, an order of Gyoza, and two pieces of sashimi...we tried the urchin and the giant clam. We felt like being creative and mostly just thought it would be funny to order giant clam. Our order was ready when we arrived, and we were out the door. We sort of didn't realize how much we ordered, we had 18 pieces of sushi and 5 gyoza between the two of us, and neither of us eat very much. As soon as we unpacked the tasties, there was an overwhelming stink of fish coming from the containers..we smelt each independently, but couldn't find the source. We dug in, the gyoza was fantastic as well as both of our rolls. But then we got to the urchin. It was minced and wrapped in seaweed. I had been told that urchin was absolutely fantastic and was pretty excited to try it...until I saw it's resemblance to wet catfood and was unsure how Dave and I would split this. I opted to just dip my chopstix in and grab a taste from the center, Dave did the same. We did a "ah 1, and ah 2, and a 3 and ah ....ewwwweeee". We swallowed it down with remorse. I think I gasped a lot, and then Dave referred to it's flavor with the following "It tastes like dredging your tongue along a pirate graveyard at the bottom of the Atlantic" & then later on when reminiscing "it tasted like licking the inside of a fish tank". Both times, he was correct. Absolutely. We then proceeded to cover the urchin with sliced cucumber so we could forget it ever happened and finished up with cutting the piece of giant clam that lay strewn across the last takeout container. It was ok, but mostly just tasted like a rubber band. Or the consistency did anyways. No big deal, and as usual, when seafood goes giant, much like tiger shrimp, I think it takes on too rubbery of a form to be desirable. Moral of the story, the rolls here are amazing, but try and keep away from the (L)urchin.
From time to time I travel to Greenwich, CT and have always found an opportunity to suffice my Sushi/Sashimi craving by going to Abis Japanese Restaurant along my colleagues. Abis has some of the most fresh tasting sushi/sashimi in the area. This restaurant has a full bar seating area along with Hibachi style eating spaces. Here is where we go for dinner after a long day at the office and literally eat tons of sushi and sashimi related dishes along with Wine, Sapporo and Saki. The restaurant has a casual look and is located right along Greenwich Ave. The parking is only available on the street and on most occasions it is found readily on the avenue however may not be right next to the restaurant. NOTE: I have been to this restaurant several times in the last 7 years however have never eaten anything else other than Sushi/Sashimi related items. Each time that I have been there the quality of the above has been fresh, flavorful and consistent.
I was disappointed with my meal, but I went there some time ago. Perhaps they've improved since then. There are just clearly better options in the area for Japanese cuisine, in my opinion.
Placed an order for pick up and after 15 minutes, we did, without checking the contents of the bag... They must've mistakenly put my tonkatsu dinner box in someone else's order and instead, I got shrimp tempura. I'm not about to call and complain because I'm always paranoid that they will do something to my food so I sucked it up and ate what I was given. It wouldn't have been that bad if the shrimp tempura was crispy but it was just the opposite - soggy and super oily. Maybe no more take outs from now on :(
I've been coming to Abis for the Sunday brunch for as long as I can remember.  It's amazing and I will keep coming back for years to come.  It is all you can eat along with unlimited orange juice, champagne and mimosas.  The food selection can change from time to time, but I enjoy the variety and there is something for everyone.  The sushi is abundant and you see them being freshly rolled in front of you.  There are plenty of cold and hot foods to choose from and a fresh fruit section for dessert.  The waitresses are always attentive with clearing your  table's used plates and refilling drinks.
First time hibachi foodie and enjoyed it. My girlfriend has been several times and prepared me for what to expect. From the food preparation to the interaction with our chef, we had a great experience.
I've come here between 5 and 10 times for lunch and both the service and the food are always consistent.  Speedy, friendly, and tasty.  I'm not sure why a couple have hated on this place.  Clearly, Abis is not a super high-end place and the prices reflect that.  I'm no foodie, but the food's not terrible.  And, kids, please don't put coins in the koi pond.
Great hibachi, great food but very confusing. They say open all day but I tried to go in to eat one day and was greated by a table of guys playing dominoes and smoking cigars. Needless to say I couldn't eat. Great price point though, hibachi is great and accomidating for big groups.
Took a friend who was visiting me here for dinner.  The atmosphere inside is pretty nice (for a weekend anyway, can't say on the weekdays).  But very pricey Hibachi. Decor: 3 out of 5 - OK Comfortable seating, Hibachi style table setting.  Bright atmosphere, average noise and decent space. Service: 4 out of 5 - Good Service was very good.  Was seated immediately even during the busy dinner session (around 8pm).  The waitress and Hibachi chef were very friendly and efficient.  We were seated with another family of 4 with 2 open seats, the family had 2 small children that were scared of the Hibachi Chef's cooking and tricks so he toned the show down a bit.  Not the chef or the restaurant's fault but we weren't there for the show anyway.  We went to eat, drink and have a good time. Food: 3 out of 5 - OK The food was good, large portions especially when comparing to Benihana in the city.  I had the sirloin steak and chicken, my friend had the rib-eye and scallops.  We were shocked however that the rib-eye was more expensive and smaller portion than the fillet minon.  The meal came with soup & dessert which was nice.  We also ordered beer and sake.  The bottle of sake was smaller than expected compared to other Japanese restaurants and the pitcher of beer was very expensive.     Prices: 2 out of 5 - Experienced Better Be prepared to spend when you come here for Hibachi.  The food portions are fantastic compared to the Benihana Hibachi Restaurant but the prices are around the same if not more expensive.
Great Hibachi and Teriyaki. Decent prices.
Will never return and urge others not to. Two people in my party were served bad seafood (snow crab) & didn't eat more than one bite.  Complained to server, who sent chef over to yell at us. Literally....guy came up and said. "you didn't like snow crab, why?" I said "it was very fishy and tasted bad." He said, "well, it was FRESH!!!" No apology, no concern, literally just yelled at.  Then they didn't bother removing the two $30 orders of totally uneaten and bad seafood from the HEFTY bill. Also of equal disgust, the bathrooms were FILTHY.  The floor was so sticky I was actually sticking to it.  Used toilet paper everywhere.  Guess that's what happens when there is ONE toilet for all of the women in the very crowded, family-filled restaurant. A nasty bathroom is the first sign of a poorly run and unsanitary establishment...no wonder they were serving spoiled food.
I came here with a group of 7 people for Hibachi last Thursday night. It wasn't very busy and we were seated quickly. I order a glass of wine, and when everyone else's beverages come around, mine is still missing. I tell the waiter that I'm still waiting on my glass of wine, and he leaves, presumably to fetch it. Then we start eating, and still no wine. I have water to sip on, so I'm not upset about it. The next time I see the waiter, I remind him again. He apologizes and says he'll be right back with it. We don't see him again until he comes out with the bill AND my glass of wine. I tell him I don't want it because we've already finished our meal. He says it's too late, he already brought it out and it's on the bill. After much arguing he finally takes the wine off the bill (and takes the glass back to the kitchen with him). The food was pretty good, but after such terrible service, I don't think I'll be back again.
