I've been here twice now and found that their lunch specials are quite good.  The sushi was fresh and quite good.  The pieces of fish are slightly too large, which inspired me to take a slightly-offensive taco approach to eating some of them (sorry!).  Also, a couple of the pieces had wasabi on them, presumably from the chefs touching the wasabi and then the fish without wiping their hands in between or whatever.  Seeing as how I find the taste of wasabi rather bleh, that was unfortunate.  Also, the tea tastes like seaweed.  This didn't make it impossible to drink, it just was a little different. Regardless, this is a solid lunch destination if you're feeling like having a little Japanese.
The food at this restaurant was good, but very expensive. I'm not giving a 3 star rating for the food, but for the service. My boyfriend and I chose to eat in the normal restaurant section, because we figured the hibachi section would be too hectic. And I'm not a fan of staring at strangers while I eat. We were seated at a nice (but small) table in a well-decorated room. The decor of the restaurant is captivating. We both ordered hibachi. I got steak and chicken, and he got hibachi steak. We also ordered duck spring rolls, which weren't very good. The meals were both over 20 dollars each, and the appetizer was 7 dollars. They brought out clear soup for us, which was delicious. Then they brought our salads and appetizers at the same time. And two minutes later ... The meal arrived. The timing was very poor, and I felt rushed. I felt like they were trying to get us out of there as fast as possible because they were anticipating a big crowd. The duck spring rolls were unimpressive, and they felt like a waste of money since they were brought out right with the meal. For me, this is a huge screw up at any restaurant. I want to enjoy the appetizer, not stuff it down with the main course! The hibachi was pretty good, but nothing out of this world. I thought it would be more flavorful. The chicken was better than the steak. I felt like we were paying for quantity rather than quality. It wasn't that different than what you'd get at some Chinese place (except the meat was better grade). The hibachi portions were HUGE and we had way too much food. Still, I feel the high prices are for quantity rather than delicious taste. After eating we waited a long time for the check. I wish they were that slow with bringing out the salads/appetizer! The food was something different, and admittedly pretty tasty. But you might find yourself frustrated with the service and pacing if you come on a busy night.
Exterior windows need to be cleaned and was afraid to go in. Went inside and was pleasantly pleased with how clean it was. Very nice and updated decor but was disappointed with quality of sushi.
Solid restaurant. Service was ok, they forgot our appetizer but brought it out shortly after our main course was served. I got the sushi, it was ordinary American style sushi. Fish obviously wasn't that fresh, but passable. The one thing that was kind of annoying was that the rolls were cut into large pieces. They should be cut into eights instead of sixes and that would have made a better presentation as well as a better fit for a bite. Miso soup was ok, and my gf got the green chicken curry. She got a comically small portion of rice for a huge portion of curry. Large slices of chicken and the vegetables were crisp which was a pleasant surprise. Maybe they were locally grown. Wished for more of the curry sauce and heat but still good.
I come here a fair bit for a quick lunch and often grab take out for dinner. The staff at the sushi bar is always quite friendly. The prices are good, and the sushi rolls are consistent.
Just what we wanted for casual dinner on college visit trip with our son. Don't be fooled by its strip mall setting. Inside you'll find attractive restaurant with fresh sushi (tuna, eel, yellowtail, etc.) and delicious seaweed salad.
I've only been here for dinner a few times and each time, I ordered hibachi. I usually go with the steak and chicken but one time I ordered scallops. Warning: STAY AWAY FROM SCALLOPS! They might not have been fresh or cooked very well, but an hour or two after I finished that hibachi meal, I was sick with my head in a toilet for the next 4 hours. It was an awful experience and trust me, I could tell it was the scallops that got me sick. Since then, I've never been back. Besides that one terrible experience, the hibachi shows are entertaining but the food is just mediocre. It really depends on which hibachi chef you get because some are better than others at making your food. Just make sure you don't order scallops..
Expectations exceeded!  I dragged the hubby out to eat here recently when both of us craved sushi.   My take... Service: Excellent!  I loved that our server responded honestly when we asked about the freshness of the scallop rolls.  He politely steered us in the direction of the tuna rolls, which were quite fresh (and tasty)! Decor: I cannot believe that this space used to house the old Blockbuster Video store!  The interior was given a complete face lift and looks great.  Very clean, very relevant Japanese decor.  They even have two separate little rooms in the back where you can sit down on little cushions and eat at a traditional close-to-the-floor table in true Japanese fashion.  (Call ahead to reserve these). Food: The rolls we ordered were well presented and tasted extremely fresh. Price was on the high side.  For 2 bowls of miso, 4 rolls and 1 a la carte order, it came to over $60.  A bit steep for the Utica area, me-thinks. The restaurant is divided in half -- one side houses a hibatchi grill.  (We didn't make it to that side yet, but it sounded very lively.)  We stuck to the other half of the restaurant (the sit-down sushi side), which tends to be a bit quieter. A good find, nonetheless.  We will definitely return.
Good Sushi and Hibachi spot !  The price is very good. Service is great and timely, and prices are very reasonable. Waiters could be a little bit more knowledgable on the menu to answer questions but they are very friendly and willing to find out the answer from a manager. Two thumbs up!
The sushi here is delicious, the sushi is made in the right amount of time, and the dish is presented artistically and masterfully. However, the staff could use a little work. When I came in the hostess was eating her lunch and had food in her mouth when she was talking to us. Also the the waiter was a little curt when asked about the menu. That being said, the sushi was great, the wait wasn't too bad, and the price was reasonable. Come to sumo's if your looking for quality sushi and reasonable prices.
Best hibachi in town. Can get a great to-go lunch special hibachi with soup and salad for under $15. Come here all the time!
Hibachi is always entertaining. Two feee shrimp with any meat hibachi order, so go for a second meat. Yellowish appetizer is my favorite.
The sushi rolls are ok there. But the uni is not very fresh. Everything must be fresh before u served!!!!Well what can I say more!!
I came back home a few months ago and apparently this is a new hot spot in the area. Sushi and habachi in one place. I would have preferred sushi but the food was decent and the chef was cool too. I guess I never got too thrilled over habachi because you end up only being able to talk to a few people rather than the whole group. That is unless you have no worried about jumping over the flaming mt fuji of onion rings that are obstructing your view of each other. We all enjoyed our time there and overall it's not bad, but I would stick with other local favorites if you have a big group.
We stop here when we are shopping in the area.  I guess that means we like it a fair amount. The problem is, we like to have sushi, but if we want a variety, we order too much and  this is not a dish to take the left overs.
Fairly decent sushi & hibachi place, and upon arriving we noticed a packed parking lot...which was a good sign that we had made a wise choice.    We opted for hibachi, so this review will primarily deal with that side of the restaurant.    First impression was that it was very loud.   Apparently when it's someone's birthday, the employees bang a cymbal and sing a song.   The hibachi chefs were very outgoing and friendly, and they were solid in terms of skills (but not great).   The food was decent, I had the steak and it was a little overcooked.    I also tried my girlfriend's scallops, and they were tasty (and I'm not normally a fan).   I was bummed to find out they don't serve Asahi, so I had to settle for a Sapporo.   If I'm in the area I would probably go back, and maybe try the sushi.
Been here a few times, the hibachi is pretty cool. For the adults there are plenty of sake bombs, and for the kids, they use juice. The cooks put on a good show and the food is delicious.
When deciding where to eat Sumo always comes up as a top option.  Food is consistent and always cooked the way we ask.  Hibachi chefs put on a great show and if you can catch random vegetables in your mouth you'll be getting a ton of free sake.  If the wait isn't long then a hibachi table is the way to go. Should you choose the restaurant section the rocky shrimp is pretty good.  I'm not a huge sushi fan but when I'm with friends who are they always enjoy it.
Great dinner and show!
The hibachi and sushi here is good, but when my fiancee and I went there for sushi our waitress was soooo pushy. She kept arguing with everything we ordered and pushing us to try certain rolls and the mixed drinks, I understand it's their job to up-sell a little but she pushed it way to far.  It really put us off and I don't think we'll be back again.
Awesome!!! I go there at least twice a week and it's always great. Mitsuba on the other hand isn't any good. Sumo!!
While the decoration was nice, I have to say that the sushi and bento boxes can be considered mediocre at best. We weren't served anything rotten or truly horrible, but I would not consider this to be quality Japanese food by a long shot.
A great Utica gathering place.  Delicious, fresh, and reasonably priced food.  My family and I frequent this establishment and have a better experience every time.  The sushi bar scene in Utica isn't deep but out of the four sushi restaurants here this is the best!
Enjoyed a dragon roll and a godzilla roll from this sorta fancy place. Very nice staff, and excellent sushi.Enjoy!
Tiger roll and seafood noodle soup ROCK! A bit pricey for a student like me. But the food is absolutely good.
