I love Scott J! I've been to the Salon 4 times now and it just keeps getting better. My last visit was a last minute appointment. When I arrived at the salon they realized that I was booked for the UWS and not the 86th street location. I was ready to pack up and head home, but they found someone to see me for a haircut. The most impressive part was that they found someone in the price range of the stylist I originally booked with. They set me up with Jenny and she was absolutely amazing. She listened to my requests and did exactly what I wanted (which sometimes doesn't happen). I had really long hair and wanted to get a good 5 inches off. She added in layers and made it look amazing. The added bonus of going to Scott J is the amazing wash/blow dry that they do. Marc was Jenny's assistant for the day and gave me the most amazing shampoo/head massage that felt like it went on for 10 minutes. Such a lovely treat. He also gave me a killer blowout last week after I went back for highlights. I would (and have) recommended Scott J to all of my friends!
Disappointed, and I had such high hopes.  The first 45 mins at the salon were good.  Veronica at the front desk smiled, I was offered tea and I met my stylist not too long after my appointment time.  I came in for a cut and color with Ash.  I had called the day before to book the appointment and was told her rates: $85 single process color, $65 cut.  Ash was nice, I told her what I wanted, she was professional and knowledgeable. The color ended up being a bit darker than I wanted, but I'm sure it'll fade into a pretty rich hue.  The cut straight forward and good. The problem with this salon is customer service.  When I arrived at the reception desk I was told my total was $203...$53 dollars more than I was quoted not 24 hours before.  When I asked why this was, Veronica passed me onto Kima (who I later learned was the manager that night) to take care of me.  Kima told me I had a shine treatment done (didn't ask for it, wasn't told I was getting it, or that it was an incremental charge) and that Ash's rates are more for long hair because they use more color.... Whether I think charging extra for long hair is justified, I should have been told that rates were based on hair length or that the starting price was $X.  It could have changed my decision to visit this salon. After some huffing and puffing, and many minutes waiting in limbo I was presented with a new total.  As I was being given the receipt my laptop bag (containing my laptop) and a shopping bag that had my salad/dinner in it fell to the floor.  Things toppled out of my bag and the salad exploded on the floor.  NO ONE offered to help me clean it up, or even give me a napkin.  After I had cleaned up the mess, an employee came around with a broom to clean the floor.  My mouth was open.  I was shocked at the lack of concern or customer service and  I can't help feeling that if I didn't push back about the bill, everyone would have been nicer. I wasn't looking for a special deal, I was only asking for what I had been quoted and walked into the salon intending to pay. After getting money out of an ATM to tip the woman who washed my hair and Ash I noticed my bill had an error on it.  When I showed it to Kima she disgruntily looked into the system, refunded me some money and walked away.  No apology, no "thank you " when I gave her the tip to give me my hair dresser.  She gave off the impression that she was pissed. This is no way for a manager of a salon to act!  I'm really disappointed by this experience, I love Aveda products, but I don't need unjustified attitude after a long day.
I have been coming to this salon for over four years.   I have had my haircut and highlights done by the same stylist, Shelly, who is absolutely amazing!  She's warm, personable, really knows what she's doing, and as she told me yesterday after she cut my hair, she "knows my hair better than anyone".  It's true.  It probably helps that I am not seriously  attached to my hair - it grows, and unless there's a chance it would turn green, I am open to suggestions.   So, I give her free reign every time.  And she delivers each and every time.   Allow me to give you a (consistent) haircut experience when visiting this salon.    As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by all the Aveda products they offer - skincare, haircare, etc.  In the center of all this is the waiting area, where once you check in and after the staff gives you a smock, you can enjoy the tea/coffee/water (I'm convinced that they offered me champagne once, but that just might have been wishful thinking) they give you, and either read a magazine, or if you're lucky enough, watch as someone gets their make up done.  The wait usually is not very long, and if they anticipate it to be longer, one of the front desk staff, if not the stylist herself, comes out and lets you know.   Once the stylist is ready, she takes you to the salon part of the shop, where you are greeted by an open area, with two walls of salon chairs and mirrors alongside, and the constant humming of blow dryers, and sits down with you for your consultation.  This is the perfect time to express your concerns, tell/show her what you want done, and listen to her suggestions.   After that, she leads you to the back of the salon, and introduces to the person who will be washing your hair.   My favorite is Marta, who is genuinely sweet, with a calm energy about her, and always makes sure that you are comfortable.   For those who are vertically challenged like myself, who have a hard time being comfortable in those seats, they offer boosters and stools.  Yup, they thought of everything.   Next is your haircut and blow dry, where they also use Aveda products.  I have known Shelly long enough that conversation is not necessary for the ultimate experience; instead, our appointments are full of comfortable silence, where she occasionally reminds me to keep my head straight (the nosey part of me enjoys listening to other people's conversations and watching them through the mirrors).  During your haircut, the person who just washed your hair comes over and offers you a hand massage.  A hand massage!!!   After your haircut and blow dry, your stylist lets you know when to book your next appointment, then leads you to the front desk.  The front desk staff always asks how your visit was and if you need any products, books your next appointment, then lets you know your total for the visit.   They also tell you how many points you have accrued (yes, they have a loyalty program!!).   Overall, this is one of the best salons I have been to.  The cost of the services is fair, the shop is clean, the staff is friendly, and the location is convenient, easily accessible via the 4, 5, and 6 trains.   Make sure you enroll in the loyalty program, redeemable towards services and products.
4 stars for the stylists but really 2 for the front desk people. I've gone in there a few times now, twice to get haircuts and a few other times to simply buy products (which are NOT cheap).  I feel like most of the times i've gone in, the front desk people just basically treated you like you weren't good enough to be in their salon, especially when i'm in my gym clothing on my way home, extending one word answers, no smiles, etc. I understand I'm not there to get very expensive treatments but you don't have to be so cold. I am still buying shampoo that costs $40/bottle....
From the moment I walked in everyone was so nice, offering me a drink, taking my coat and no wait time for my appt. Joey did a fantastic job listening to what kind of cut I wanted and answering all my questions in different products I was interested in. Devin washed my hair with great care and gave me a neck and back rub after my warm towel. Worth the $! -def going back.
This salon is unlike most NYC salons. It's not pretentious, the people are real, and they still have amazing service. What a find! I've really been looking for a great salon since I moved here 5 years ago. I know...such a cliché transplant story. I've been to all types. Hole in the walls, recommendations from friends, places near my work...all of which were stupid expensive. I once paid $350 for an ombre and a trim. All I could do was shake my head each time. I stumbled upon Aveda when I was looking for a salon open later than most (past 7pm) in the area I was at another appointment near on the upper east side. From the minute I walked in, everything was awesome. This salon is down to earth. Everyone seems like someone I'd be friends with. There weren't crazy attitudes and people were genuinely pleasant. Grace did my hair. A dye and cut. She is absolutely amazing. So sweet, very attentive, and so talented. I love the way she cut my hair and the color was rich and beautiful. Those Aveda products are magical. I have found a stylist I will definitely go back to. I rarely travel East but this place is worth it! Side note: the hot tea is absolutely delicious. Try it.
So far so good. I'm getting compliments on my hair and the experience is enjoyable. They're open on Saturdays and Sundays which is really nice. Ash is my stylist but I've tried a few others and they were all great. I also like that I can make appointments online, confirm via text message, receive automated reminders. Nice use of technology.
Giving three stars now because this salon has not been able to hold onto my hair stylists! After Lee left, Timothy was cutting my hair. He gave me an awesome long asymmetrical bob and I love him for it. But, I called today to make an appointment with him and he's gone! If anyone knows what salon Timothy went to, please let me know.
I have been going here for years and love the experience every time. My current stylist of choice is Ash. She always knows what to do to give me a manageable yet stylish cut. The consistent high quality service makes it a pleasure to come here.
I realized my last review was two years ago, so thought it was time for an update. I am a regular client at Scott J  and am usually there at least once per week. Randy is my go to person for everything and I am one fussy biatch when it comes to my hair. I trust him 100% He listens to your needs, makes recommendations and explains  why something will or will not work based on your hair, face shape etc. The front desk team is awesome as well and Steven the manager is a doll. Highly recommend.
I have had two great experiences here with Ash. She had great suggestions for my hair color and cut. I am really open with my hair, and like to always try new things so I need a stylist who has opinions and can help determine how make my fine hair look thicker. Ash gave me great advice and helped me pick a color that I love! The shampoo girls are always great, giving shoulder, neck and hand massages, always  a bonus! The one bad experience I had was when Ash was on vacation and I need a cut and color before I was heading out of town. I should have known better than to wait last minute. I called and the receptionist suggested another stylist that was available. I was a little apprehensive, because I have particular hair but figured it would be alright since the salon has great ratings. I was wrong. I felt this woman did not listen to me, regarding my color or cut. She cut my hair to short and when I informed her I wanted bangs, she forgot to cut them, then attempted to cut them dry after she put product in and completely botched them! I left horrified. I contacted the salon manager via email, who happened to be on maternity leave or was replaced and dealt with Robert the current manager and he was great! He was apologetic and arranged for me to have a senior stylist re-cut my bangs and offered me a free haircut with Ash on my next visit. Thanks to Robert I returned and Ash gave me another great haircut with a awesome new color! I haven't seen any reviews with the about the other stylist, who I won't name, but my advice is to see Ash or another stylist who has already gotten good reviews!
Okay, I am a freak about my hair. You wouldn't know it- I usually just wear it straight, and it has simple highlights (I'm a brunette). But, I like it to look natural, and if it doesn't have some color it looks washed out. But I am extremely picky about the color of the highlights and the way they are placed. Steph NAILS it every time. She listens to what I'm saying, asks a few follow-up questions until she is fully informed on what I want and then takes it from there. EVERY time I leave this salon, I feel fabulous and look exactly how I want. Oh, they also offer you drinks, have great magazines, and are clean and SUPER friendly. Y'all rock, especially you Steph!
I'm so excited that I found Ash at Scott J! I travel a lot and I'm picky with my haircuts, so it's always scary to work with a new stylist. I've been using Aveda products for 5 years, so I decided to go with Scott J. She gave me the best haircut, among other stylists I've worked with in California, DC, and outside of the US. She was attentive to my requests and added her personal flair (that turned out great!) Like other Aveda salons, I loved the shampooing experience - scalp, shoulder, and hand massage. I felt very relaxed during my haircut, but I couldn't believe that I was done and out of the salon in 40 minutes. I will definitely go back to Ash the next time I'm in NYC!
First haircut in NYC - I chose Scott J as it was close geographically and prices listed on the website were affordable. The salon itself is nice. I was greeted with water/tea and someone took my coat. Bianca(?) washed my hair and gave me a little scalp/shoulder/hand massage. Timothy cut my hair. I appreciated his patience and his desire to be conservative when I told him I wanted to cut my hair short. I changed my mind a few times asking him to cut it even shorter. He was very nice. He ended up drying my hair to cut the rest to make it more accurate as my hair is rather curly. I appreciated his attention to detail. I wanted it to be styled curly instead of blown straight so Timothy himself shampooed my hair again and styled it nicely. Probably my favourite haircut I've had so far!! It is super fun, sassy and cute. Overall, it was a great experience. The attention Timothy gave to my hair was exceptional and the shampoo/cut/dry ended up being about $62. He spent a long time catering to what I wanted so I think it was well worth the price they charged. I would definitely go back!
This may sound over the top, but I got the best haircut of my life here!  The stylist really listened to me, and even though I wasn't doing anything that drastic, she really took her time. Plus, the shoulder and hand massages that come with every haircut  seal the deal. Bonus, it was well priced! After 4 years, I finally found my NYC salon.
Attention All Curlies!  If you have real curls, beautiful, unruly, frizzy, wavy, dry, hydrated, colored, whatever, then come here and see Jaylee.   This was the first time in my entire curly-haired life that I had a stylist WITH her own real curly hair who treated me like a normal curly-haired being.  She complimented my curls as soon as she saw them - first time ever!  Usually curlies are looked at as straights-with-a-condition (ie I'll just take care of that for you with a blow dryer and straighten it).   She asked if I wear my curls naturally every day.  I felt that she asked b/c she actually cared about what the curls mean for me - do I consider myself a curly or not.  Then she asked me what issues/concerns I have for my hair.  Based on that, she correctly suggested what I would like my curls to look like. She cut and styled with their Aveda products based on what I wanted for my hair style.  No pressure whatsoever to buy.  But the products worked.  AND she showed me how to love and work with my curls!   Also, so key for me - the biggest difference was that she did not straighten and blow dry my hair at the end.  No - really - it makes a big difference when you wear your hair curly every day, but then you get a cut, and they style it like it's straight - but that's not how you ever wear your hair!  So how are you supposed to know if you like it or not?!! Just go and see her!  Plus, she was super nice.  I made a follow-up appointment right away. Also, they gave me coupons to use for the next time.  FYI - I used the first-time coupon on their website.
First time I ever went here, was referred by two girls I work with to go see Ashley. So glad I did! The place itself is nice, I love UES so no brainer there. I walked in and the front desk girl was nice, I waited for about 30 seconds and Ashley greeted me. She is very down to earth and chill which I really like in people in general AND especially in someone that will be doing my hair. She sat me down and pretty much already knew what I wanted, but let me explain and then went to work.  I really want to grow out my hair even though it is pretty long already, and she said she can get me there in about 6 months, which is great news! It's great to have someone understand your desire to have long hair and not want to chop it all off every time! She also does color which I will be coming back for shortly, I love Aveda products so excited to be using the Aveda color system. I'll write a follow up when I get it done. Go visit! They even have a nice welcome package that you get deals on your next visits. Highly recommend.
I had a really lovely experience today at Scott J on E. 86th. Stephanie did a beautiful blowout and styling for me, and it's exactly what I wanted! The complimentary hand massage was an unexpected treat. Looking forward to my haircut next week!
I have gotten both the best and worst haircuts at Aveda( both UWS and UES locations are great). I can highly recommend Michelle, Jaylee and Karrie--I left the salon with my hair feeling fabulous. I used to go to bumble and bumble, but I cannot justify twice the price of an Aveda haircut for not much difference in quality. Finally, customer service at Aveda is also great. The one time I got an awful haircut and blowout. It was uneven, rushed and way way way below the standard I am used to at Aveda. I called the salon and they gave me a complimentary redo. This is why I am still giving them 4 stars.
I have been going to Scott J Aveda Salon for years now.  I used to see Lee, who was excellent, and after getting some other great cuts from other stylists in the Salon, I most recently got the best haircut from Brittney!  I told her what I wanted, and she gave some suggestions for how she could style it better to make my fine hair look thicker.  I love my new cut!  Looking forward to going back in a few months.
Saw Nykia for a cut.  I don't know how but my hair was washed, cut and blow-dried within like 30 minutes.  Very happy with the cut and with Nykia.  She made it an actual  "experience"--gave me tips on colouring my hair myself (what hairstylist does THAT?) and taking care of my hair in general.   When I told her I was meeting my boyfriend for dinner, she threw in a free make-up application.  Say what?!  She didn't even try to hawk any products!  Oh, all this was 70 bucks!  See you again soon, Nykia!   I'm hooked.
Let me say that I actually received a pretty decent haircut from Shelly, so it is a damned shame I won't be going back.   My complaint is that as I was sitting there getting my haircut, my stylist started speaking in Spanish to the stylist next to her, talking about what she was going to do to my hair.  Then they had the nerve to talk about my weight!  I was so utterly shocked that I paid my bill and left without saying anything.  I'm still considering calling and speaking with the manager, though it is essentially my word against theirs.  Don't assume that just because I'm white I can't understand what you're saying *ssholes.
I've been going to this salon for almost a year and it's really fantastic! The entire salon is professionally run, clean, and relaxing! Jaylee is FANTASTIC!! She's so upbeat and personable, plus she gives really excellent (and affordable!) hair cuts. The blowouts are fantastic too! The salon assistant that washes your hair provides a great scalp and neck massage, and later a hand massage. Terrific place. I would highly recommend it to anyone, and I do!
Scott J was recommended to me by a friend of a friend and specifically Jessina. When I arrived, I received two very friendly greetings from staff members offering to take my coat and check me in. I was offered water or hot tea which was a nice touch and taken back to the waiting area where I only waited for 5 minutes. While I want my hair to look great, I like to experiment with it in terms of cut and color so really wanted to ask my stylist's opinion. Jessina took the time to have a thorough consultation about cut and color, and she made me feel very confident about my decision after laying out all the different options from highlights to single process. Jessina is awesome - super talented. She chatted with me the whole time during the highlights which ended up flying by and both my color and cut were phenomenal - just what I wanted. Also, her assistant Charles was so kind and gave me a great shampoo as well as a shoulder and hand massage which come with the service. Throughout the whole appointment, both Jessina and Charles were attentive to my hair color to make sure it processed correctly and gave me several treatments that helped to keep my color fresh. At the end, Jessina didn't pressure me into purchasing any products except for the one I inquired about. Overall, I felt well taken care of and would highly recommend this salon if you're looking for a quality experience.
Big Fat Boo!  The first time was sufficient...I didn't have a salon yet in the city so I gave it a shot.  I agree with the other reviewers...I was on a conveyer belt...how many people do I have to tip at the end of this??!?!?  Who is who?  I wasn't pleased but it was a simple trim so I dealt with it.    At the end they rang up products for me that I didn't even ask for but I was like whatever and took them. I went back a few months later just for a bang trim and it was the most appalling service I'd ever been given at a Salon.  The guy who I was assigned to asked me what I wanted him to do and I stated "just a trim...nothing face framing..." and he gave me a hard time about it saying that it wouldn't look right.  I said "that is what I want"  so he began to cut and they were in my eyes still so I asked him to continue on and then to make sure they weren't too blunt. He went off on me about how this was "just a bang trim and not a haircut and he doesn't know what I expected for $10.  If I wanted a haircut that's what I should have asked for".  I said that if I thought all he was gonna do was grab my hair and snip it all off i could have done that at home for free.  He was extremely rude and I left looking like a fool because they were very uneven and sloppy.   I will never return!  What a disaster this place is!  No customer service I would give a negative score if I could!
The Seinfeld with Enzo the barber was on last night, reminding me how badly I needed a haircut.  I'm always apprehensive and usually let my hair grow too long because of it.  I've lived in NYC for 2 years now, and I was 1 for 5 in haircuts until yesterday.  I've had some REALLY terrible haircuts.  I mean, coming from Cleveland, Ohio, you'd think the talent would be far better, right?.  I mean, I have curly hair - slightly more deciduous since my medicine internship - but its a fairly straightforward Jewfro, nothing too complex... I consulted Time Out New York for the best salons for curly hair and after a bunch of trendly tribeca and soho salons with big price tags, a nearby Scott J, with TONY's seal of approval and a solid Yelp rating (which apparently for salons YELPers are hard to please).  Booked a same day appointment, but at 6:15 on a random Wednesday night, the place was PACKED! Someone took my coat at the door and gave me a hot cup of tea on a frigid winter's eve, some kleenex by the chairs to wipe my nose and my soiled kicks from stepping in a puddle.  A welcoming handshake--all very nice touches.  Angela, a peppy "new talent" stylist took me back.  Hair washed with a brief but pleasantly unexpected neck and scalp massage with a warm towel.  Angela did a great job because the first words out my wife's mouth were "CUTE A#$ HAIRCUT!".   Finally a great haircut!  To make things better a $20 off coupon on their website and a return customer discount card on my way out.  Will definitely be returning
Laurie was awesome! I've been in NY over a year and had yet to get a good haircut that I could feel good about. I visited this salon on a whim and got a hairstylist that was great. Only problem was that they put me with a master stylist so I ended up spending $75+ on the cut. Don't get me wrong, he was good but I didn't need that much done so I didn't need a "master stylist" So I wanted to go back but this time I would be sure to ask for the more moderate priced stylist. I forgot to book the appt so the next time I needed to get a cut, they were all booked. I went somewhere else and I hated it. That assured me I had to go back. This time, I called in advance and requested the stylist in my price range and I got Laurie. She was great! Took the time to know what I wanted and I love my hair! Booked my appt for next month same day. Great venue overall. Friendly and attentive staff, great ambiance and an overall experience that is worth the money. Only tip is to be sure you're getting scheduled with someone in your price range. You roll the dice if you take whoever is available. Also, the tea is kind of gross so when they offer that when you arrive, I reccomend to just go with the water. :) Tips only in Cash
To preface this review, I am not someone who normally pays more than $20 for a haircut (with tip).  But wow, am I glad I treated myself this time around. I arrived at Scott J. exactly at my scheduled appointment time.  I was quickly handed a complementary glass of (appropriately cold!) white wine (which may not seem like a big deal, but heck, you never know. Some just don't get it). After waiting in their comfortable and attractive waiting area, I was almost immediately whisked away by the uber-fabulous Jose, my new favorite stylist (a senior stylist at this particular salon--check the website for price levels).  He did a lightning fast consultation, and judging by the fact that I had NO idea what I wanted to do, I was impressed by his ability to envision a rock-star style in under 5 minutes. Andrew, my washer, took over right away, explained all the products he was using, and even gave me specialized products for my hair type.  Am I crazy to think this is abnormal? Perhaps, but by my standards, it was wonderful.  And smelled great to boot. After the wash, Jose chopped my (very) long and (very) thick hair in 7 minutes flat.  I have never seen such efficiency.  And the final, blow-dried product, 10 minutes later, was by far the best haircut I have ever had. Is that all, you ask? No, of course not.  I was treated to a hand massage during my haircut, and a post-cut makeover, for free, by Matthew, another uber-fabulous staff member at this uber-fabulous salon. The verdict? Money-permitting, I'll be back again.  Very soon.  And will, unlike ever before, eagerly anticipate my next hair style. P.S. I had a 50% off groupon, which did not in any way seem to reduce the service I received!
So I Googled 'salons for curly hair' and came across a Time Out New York article on that very subject. They listed several really pricey options, and then this particular Scott J location. The price was right, so I decided to give them a try. I called and made an appointment and asked for a stylist who specialized in curly hair. They gave me Lee. I have really really thick unruly curly/wavy hair. Most stylists are intimidated when they run their hands through it. Lee made the customary remark, "You've got a lot of hair", and then went to work. I got cheated on my scalp/neck/shoulder massage, but I think that's because the guys who usually do the shampoos and massages were all tied up and Lee washed my hair herself. She gave me a half-hearted shoulder massage. But, as much I like massages, I was not in the salon for that, I was there for a cut. Lee did not cut much of my hair, but what she did cut made a world of difference. She really did know what she was doing with curly hair, and I will be glad to go back. The hand massage I got while my hair was being finished up was also very nice. Added bonus: I got to the salon too early and while I was waiting for Lee to finish up with a client, a nice man offered me a complimentary chair massage. I took him up on the offer, and he went to work on my shoulders and back. He must have had those packets that hunters keep in their pockets to keep their hands warm in the woods, because his hands were unnaturally warm. He worked out a knot in the middle of my back and I felt amazing afterward. Thanks, dude!
I have used Aveda salons exclusively for years. I expected nothing but greatness from an NYC Aveda salon. This is the worst hair cut I've EVER gotten. It is totally uneven, you can see individual cut lines on one side, my layers were seemingly untouched, she took off 4 inches when I asked for ONE inch off. To be fair I was late to my appointment but if she didn't have time to cut me decently she should have told me to come back. I am furious. Do not be fooled by the hand massage or offer of tea and water-- many of the stylists are FRESH out of hair school. If I had been offered a refund, I would use it to pay you NOT to go there. I am LIVID. Do not go to the Columbus location!
Ok, I came here because I purchased a Groupon certificate and it was expiring on July 28. I forgot all about it and tried to make reservation 2 weeks before. I was told that all body massage appointments are taken, the only service that's left is hair related. The person talked me into getting a hair spa treatment because I got a hair cut a couple of weeks earlier. I called the day before the appointment to confirm and asked again if there is any massage appointments available. I was told that there is an appointment on the same day at 2pm, I quickly took it. My phone rang approximately an hour later and was told that it was a system error, that appointment has already been scheduled earlier. I got there on time for my hair spa appointment at 2:30pm, they were very tentative and offered me water or tea. I sat down at the chair and before the lady start the treatment, I asked her to give me a treatment that is worth as close to $100 as possible since that's the value of the cert. She suggested that I get a body massage instead, but I told her there isn't any appointment available, I checked yesterday. I went to the reservation desk with her, the man behind the counter told me that there is an appointment at 5:50pm...I was really so livid, I can't start to tell you!!! I told that lady to just give me the treatment so I could get out of there. Now, the treatment was a $65 deal, they couldn't give me the $85 treatment because the Master is not around. She put some liquid on my hair, massage my scalp, neck and shoulder, I couldn't enjoy it because she is really light handed. I was put under a hair steamer for about 20 minutes, she offered me water or wine (I didn't want anything) then walked away. During that time, a man came to massage my hands. He came back to wash my hair and set me down on the chair, a quick shoulder massage then blow dried my hair; when finish, he asked me if I'd like a make-up application, I declined and left. So, the $100 Groupon certificate cost me $50 and I tipped 2 people at $10 each, is this really a good deal or should I not even mention Groupon in the first place???
Jason is amazing with color! I actually came in for a consultation prior to booking an appointment because I was tired of stylists not understanding what I want. Jason had some great ideas and I instantly felt comfortable. I booked an appointment for highlights for a few days later. Jason was able to add my natural dark blonde hair back into my heavily highlighted hair and add great dimension. It looks natural again and I won't have to worry about pesky roots within a month or two. My color service also included a complimentary blowout with one of the assistants! This is typically unheard of in nyc and I was very pleased. The prices are also quite good here. I can't  recommend it enough!
I am satisfied with my hair style from Scott J Aveda in general. In the beginning, I am a little nervous because I usually go to Japanese or Chinese salon for hair cut, for the assumption that Asian stylists know my hair texture better, and this time, I gave Scott J Aveda, which is right in my neighborhood, a try, and it turned out to be good. I did not remember the stylist's name, sorry, he is a black tall guy, and he listened to what I said, keep the length of my hair, add volume to the top of my hair, and make the hair on both side thinned out, I think he is good in blow dry, which make my hair look healthy and light, I do not think he cut that much of my hair, but feel like that it's much lighter and rich in texture. The hair usually look good right after the hair cut, but if it's not maintained well enough, all the effort will be gone, he gave me some suggestions about how to blow dry, and I would like to try. The atmosphere was generally good and relaxed there, including a few minutes' massage after the hair wash. They do offer some promotion for first-time customer, and why not give a try? Love upper east side!
I was here yesterday with a groupon and had two services done.  I had a facial with Tiffany and Ash did my hair.  I thought the salon and spa facilities were very nice.  I was supposed to get a 30 minute facial and was a little disappointed when I was asked "You know 30 minute facials don't include extractions, right?"  No, actually I didn't know that.  I asked if it was possible to do the 60 minute facial instead, but the timing wouldn't have worked out with my hair appointment.  A 30 minute facial for $70 seemed a little expensive to me for what I got.  She rubbed some fancy lotions on my face and sprayed me twice with a "refreshing mist".  I didn't leave feeling that wonderful post facial feeling I normally have after a facial. The hair was a much better experience,  I had a trim, color, and partial highlights done.  Ash was great and made sure we were on the same page before doing anything.  My hair turned out really cute, and I'm very happy with it. I was offered water or tea, no wine though.  I heard them offer another client wine, (perhaps they didn't have a groupon?).  I received a hand massage while my hair was being done, but no one offered to do my makeup afterward.   Like other people have said, I was a little confused who I was supposed to tip.
I was referred to Dawn Schenk at the Scott J Salon after a dismal experience at another NY Salon trying to find a good colorist for reds. Thank GOD for her! NY is a town full of blonds so colorists don't get much experience doing reds. I was referred to her by a redhead friend, and she did an amazing job, and she's also a lot of fun to talk to. As much as I loved Dawn, I didn't love the Aveda color line they use at her salon. Aveda just doesn't give reds that are a vibrant as I like. (The best vibrant red color line is L'oreal INOA, FYI). The red on my head is never going to be mistaken for a natural auburn. But if you are looking for a more muted/natural auburn, Aveda will work great for you. Dawn also gives great haircuts too!
This is ridiculous, but for the first three years that I lived in Manhattan, every time I needed a hair cut or a highlight job, I would commute 45 minutes - 1.5 hours to Staten Island to get them done on New Dorp Lane.   Though I was nervous, this year I made the transition to the Scott J Aveda Salon, mainly because it is five blocks away from my house and my old roommate recommended it. I am happy to say that there have been no major disasters.  Jose does my cut and color and he does a great job...while wearing awesomely stylish snakeskin (I believe) boots that I can look at when he tells me to put my head down.  I also like that he is no nonsense and doesn't make me feel like I have to chit chat. It's also fairly easy to get an appointment on short notice - convenient.   I don't love that you are "assembly-lined" over to a different blow-out person, but what do I care if it's complimentary?   Also, has anyone noticed the awesome tea that they serve?  It's got like a special sweet tang that is very enjoyable.   All and all, I'm very pleased with the results.  Of course, after years of angsting over a hair-induced commute, I am pleased to find a place that I can trust that is close to home.
This is the only salon I've gone to more than once to get my hair cut. I've liked every stylist who has cut my hair.  I feel like they've all listened well & worked with my ideas to create the style I want & make it actually look good on me.  Expensive, especially for those of us whose preferred hair cutting practice is upending our heads in the shower & chopping in a straight line (layers + scene cred!), but worth it. One day, I'll actually take them up on that wine offer, too. *Credit cards are accepted, but tip in cash
I'm not thrilled with the place, but I still go because you can get a decent haircut in a nice salon for a reasonable price. Unlike most salons in the city, a haircut here starts at $45 for their entry level stylists (be sure to ask for the $45 cut if that's what you are looking for). I have long, thick, curly hair and its tough to find someone who knows how to shape it perfectly. I've gone with a few different stylists at various levels (entry level through experienced), and I have to say I couldn't really tell the difference between the quality of an "entry level" and "experienced" stylists. The cuts were all the same - not fabulous, but good enough.  I guess its all about finding a stylist who understands your particular head of hair and sticking with them. I would recommend this place based on price...for what your paying its a really good deal, but don't expect a miracle.
Full discolsure: I'm an aveda groupie. Each new city I find myself living in, I immediately seek out the nearest aveda salon. I trust the rigorous training and have very very rarely had a bad experience. One of the most consistent brands I've encountered. Now that that is out of the way . . . This particular Scott J. location is my favorite in the city. By far the nicest staff. I often found the stylists at 72nd St quite snotty and the one up near Columbia was just ok. I have been with Ash at the 86th St location for over a year now and could not be happier. She is so much fun and has such a great eye. I am probably one of the only clients who does not really have an opinion about what I want, but I do know what I like when I see it. Ash is amazing. I always feel like I got the best haircut of my life walking out. Everyone else at the salon has been nothing but pleasant. I love the hot towel wrap that comes with the wash, and the hand massage that comes with the service. Plus, for the price, this place cannot be beat.
I hate, hate, hate finding a new stylist. Hate it. Did I mention I hate? Anyway. I just moved to NYC, and while I nursed fantasies of actually taking the train back to Boston to GET MY HAIR CUT (are you getting a picture, now, of my deep hatred of changing stylists?), I had to face facts that it wasn't going to happen, and that I needed to bite the bullet and find someone to cut my hair before people started to mistake me for a hobbit. I got an appointment at Scott J's. Walked in a few minutes before my appointment, and was offered water or tea. The receptionist let me know that they were ahead of schedule, so I wouldn't need to wait until the actual appointment time. Had an nice shampoo (if I'm ever crazy rich, I'm so hiring someone to shampoo my hair for me every day...), and had a chat with CeCe, my stylist, before she cut my hair. People, my hair is baby fine, stick straight, and a bit thin. And short, short, short. It's tough to cut it without making it punky or too butch, but CeCe did a bang up job. I was not cursing or in tears as I left the salon, and let me tell you - with my hair? This is victory. But the big test was whether it would hold up to ME styling it. A mediocre stylist can do a lot with the 'smoke and mirrors' of product and a good blow dry. But the truth comes out once I'm the one wielding the blow dryer. But I was really pleased with it once I washed and styled it myself. Aside from the cut: the crew there is really pleasant and laid back. The shampoo was relaxing, and the make-up touch-up after the cut was a nice touch - not really my thing, but I appreciate the detail. Oh, and? It was cheaper than my guy on Newbury St. back in Boston. I wasn't expecting that. I'll be back. If the second cut is as good as the first, I'll pony up with another star. And won't look further for a new stylist.
Seriously the worst most rushed hair cut i've ever gotten. the girl who cut my hair had a little timer set and when it went off she was like ok you're done, even though it was totally not the haircut I had asked for (and i give very precise directions about what I want). I ended up having to go back to have her fix it, I give her the same exact directions and she's like "well I don't know what you want me to do to it" umm how about exactly what I'm telling you?! At one point I actually had to say to her..."I am not a hair dresser I can't tell you how to achieve what I'm asking for".  When she finally did "fix it" she totally botched it and I was left with uneven pieces and one side of my hair that was thinner then the other! The only positive thing I can say is that after I got my cut the 1st time, they asked me if I wanted to get my makeup done for free. The guy who did it was really good. But considering my haircut was such a bad experience and I didn't go here for makeup i'm gonna have to say..Eek! methinks not.
I am lazy about getting my hair cut; I get it cut maybe once every six months in a good year. So when I do finally go to get the hair cut it is like an event. I decided to make an appointment at this salon because I have good experiences at Aveda salons in the past. I went to Britney (who just moved to this location) and she did a fabulous job! I let her know I needed something sassy to celebrate my impending birthday and she gave me a fabulous modern bob. Perhaps this new haircut success will inspire me to stop being so lazy and get my haircut again soon and do the upkeep.
Have been going here on and off for years, more on, as I now live on the UES, and really have to say that they take great care of me here. Every now and then they get a little overly assertive with the service, but they do try very hard to take care of everybody the best they can. Regarding my "Scott J Salon, stylist", Melyssa, she is hands down,TERRIFIC! ! At least for me, and she really knows how to cut hair, especially, guy's hair, she has a real following, is always super busy, and I have to say, after 10 years in the city, she gives one of the best hair-cuts... I would recommend Melyssa to any guy or gal, as she has many loyal clients, and is on top of her game, go and see for yourself. Sure Scott J is pricey, but compared to what? (The barber down the street, or what you are paying now, compare the two)? I believe that you get what you pay for most of the time, and never leave not happy, at least not, with my haircut!
I have always had an excellent experience with my single process color--Avery and Nykia have been amazing with me!  My color is always perfect and very healthy for my fine and dry hair. I've recently gotten the Vomor extensions installed by Nykia. She was extremely thorough with color matching, blended two different colors and was detailed with the placement of the extensions. I've worn many types of hair extensions and I do think the Vomor extensions are done very well. The hair is multi-dimensional and very rich and silky--it's also Remy hair with the cuticle intact. I also noticed that there is much less hair on each tape--this meant a less heavy feel to the extension as well as NO cutting into the extensions (and of course cutting into your OWN hair which many of us are trying to grow out!) to thin them out.  The hair is also reusable at least for one additional application. The price is also unbelievably GREAT--extremely affordable and installation was only about 1 hour of time. The tapes are a little stiffer than the Platinum Seamless version but the hair quality is so amazing, it more than makes up for this small detail.
I went here earlier this week. I asked the stylist to create layers around the face (the ones you do with a razor). He used a scissor. I thought "he must know what he's doing". This was supposed to be a senior stylist so I trusted him. He then curled the hair so it was hard to see. When I got home and washed it, then dryed it myself I was very upset. It looked like two different hair cuts. The front was chopped straight around my face, then uneven, then the back was long. There was no unison between the front and the back. From the front it looked like my hair was short, and from the back, long. They also pressured me into buying a brush because it would "help style my hair like a professional". It was an expensive brush, but I bought it. The very next day I brought the brush back and they refused to give me a refund. They said their "policy" is not to take brushes back. Yet, there is no policy posted anywhere. I made a fuss so they took the brush back, but still refused to give me a refund. When I called to complain I was given the run-around by the girls who answer the phone. No one would help me. This place runs like a factory. You're handed over two or three times to different people. There is so much going on that the stylists don't really pay attention. The customer service is terrible too. I had to go to another salon today to have my hair fixed. The stylist looked at my hair and couldn't believe the way it was cut. I will never go here again.
I haven't been to this salon in a while, but it was my go-to when I lived on the UES. I used to see Dawn and she is a wonderful hair magician. One night after getting a cut and style from her I immediately got complements on my hair when I walked out onto 86th. Highly recommend her and this salon.
I live in Chicago, but my sister lives in the City - so whenever I visit her (which is about three times a year) I make the trek up to the upper east side to come so Scott J, and more importantly, Jason.   I had a stylist that I loved in Boston (where I lived before coming to Chicago) and was an Aveda girl - so I ended up at an Aveda salon here in Chicago.  I found a great place - and a FABULOUS stylist.  Jason moved to NYC about  a year and 1/2 after I started going to him - and have now been seeing him in the City every time I visit - because no one does my hair as well. Jason is funny and personable and LISTENS to his clients (although I trust him to do whatever he wants, and rarely give my two cents on the matter).   Now, would I go up there if it weren't for Jason?  Nah.  But since he's there, I go without fail. If you need someone who can do conservative as well as funky - he's your man!
How could I have ever left? The whole experience of the head massage, all of that, plus Brittany just knows what's up. She knows how to cut my hair so it will grow out and still look good without me having to go back ahem, every six months, or, er, longer... She's amazing.
I've had three hair cuts here and while the cuts were fine - I have long hair so you really can't mess it up too badly and for $60 I think I get what I paid for. I really just don't love the atmosphere. My favorite thing about going to get my hair cut is the head massage I receive during the whole hair washing process. At my last appointment it felt more like I was at a dog groomer than a salon in the UES. Actually I've seen dogs  handled in a more gentle manner - I had a WTF look on my face for the rest of my appointment. I should have passed on the hand massage since it was given by the same person and thought it might be redeeming, it wasn't. The hand massage experience could best be described as pervy - it made me really uncomfortable. I get manicures every other week and none of those hand massages EVER felt like the one i received here. I'll probably go somewhere else in the future.
I just visited Cece for the first time, and she is an absolute color expert. I am trying to grow out my very blonde highlights and get closer to my natural base. Other salons told me it would take several appointments over a year. Cece easily transitioned me in one appointment- highlights and lowlights to soften the demarcation and toner for a beautiful blend. I feel I've totally skipped the awkward transition phase and gone straight to a beautiful natural look- all for under $150. To top things off, I got gorgeous blow out with her fabulous assistant Mark. Repeat customer here!
CeCe remains the best!  I've never had a bad experience at Scott J UES.  Incredibly well-run salon.  Always on time.
Thanks Angela for a great cut. Went from long to shoulder length hair. Didn't have an appointment and wasn't planning on cutting my hair but needed a change. Love the cut. The people were nice. Got a massage and hot towel with my shampoo. And it only cost $45! In NY!! Have paid way more for seriously crappy cuts. Also they called with a follow up to see if I liked my experience. Nice.
I recently tried Scott J Aveda because I had the 50% off Groupon.   I have been going to the Bumble and Bumble Model Calls previously aka. free haircut and I have never paid more than $40 for a haircut.   Scott J Aveda is definitely pricey, but compared to most upscale salons in Manhattan it is reasonable.   The service was great - better than anywhere I have ever been actually.  My Stylist worked with me and gave me a great cut!   Though, at the end I was not sure how to tip, I had the stylist, the stylist's assistant, and then the make-up touch up person?  I have never had that many people involved in a haircut. I will definitely return to this salon, but probably get a cheaper stylist since I won't have the coupon next time. P.S. Try their tea, its amazing!
It's been going on 2 years that I have been coming here, and I don't know why I have never written a review before.  I always have a great experience.  This is my philosophy on hairstylists: A good hairstylist knows what you have done to your hair just by looking at it.   A good hairstylist knows what style/color/cut suits your face/hair type by looking at it, touching it and maybe asking you a few questions. A good hairstylist is an artist who can create magic if you let them. Therefore,  I do not fight, dictate or demand.  I am honest about how much work I am really going to put into the style when I leave the salon.  I usually have a style or color that I am vaguely interested in, and beyond that I just let Ash do her thing.  Yes, Ash will make you look amazing!  You must heed to my philosophy above.  Know that as long as you are honest about your needs, desires and commitment AND you give your stylist some room for artistic creativity, you will finish with a look that you are both pleased with. Plus----head/shoulder massage and hand massage?  That made me happy.
the best thing about aveda is that it's open till like ten or eleven at night, so you can get your hair blown out at all hours. Randy, Jose both do my blow outs, and do good jobs. I would recommend aveda if you are looking for something quick and with extended hours. Spa wise, I would not suggest going for eyebrow waxings. i forget the name of the young lady who did mine, black hair, but they came out just ridiculous. she waxed them pencil thin like an old lady's eyebrows.don't get your eyebrows done here. t
I've been going to Melyssa for over 5 years.  She is amazing!  I've had short hair, long hair, reddish hair, brown hair, highlighted hair, etc.  She had never done me wrong and better than that, she always makes me look and feel fabulous.  I often come in and say "I want something kinda different, but I'm not sure what..." and Melyssa works her magic and I walk out with amazing hair.   The rest of the staff there is fantastic - always ready with some delicious tea, water, a complimentary hand massage, or appropriately vigorous scalp massage.  I no longer live a few blocks away from the salon, but I don't care where I move, I will not stray from Scott J and Melyssa!
I just got my hair highlighted for the first time ever here, and Lee did an incredible job. I had no idea how to explain what I wanted ("ummm lighter kinda but not too blonde?") and somehow it came out exactly as I was hoping for.  The prices are totally reasonable, the staff takes great care of you, and I've been pleased with everyone I've gone to there, although after this, Lee is stuck with me forever! Heads up that while they take credit cards, tip must be in cash. I don't think there is an ATM onsite but there is a Chase right across 86th St.
Worst hair cut ever!!!! I have fine very curly hair that was destroyed by my stylist, Randy. A little background-I had seen Rnd a few years before and he did a really nice job. Why he f*&^$kd this hair cut up this time I have no idea. Maybe because I wasn't as vocally vigilant about the length as last time? Who knows, but here is the story: My hair was (boo hoo) long and I was coming in for a simple trim and style. Rnd told me that I needed about 2.5 inches off (it had been about 7 months since my last cut). I said that was okay, but just to please preserve the length. Since it was so long I was not worried. Instead Rnd went shear happy! He literally hacked off all my hair. Instead of long well shaped and curly, I got a bob ;( Since he said he had so much experience working with curly hair,  I still don't understand how he could have not edited himself, especially knowing that my curly hair would also shrink up so singificantly. Two years of waiting (not easy for curly heads!) was for naught. So bummed out about this ;( It gets much worse, egregiously unforgivably worse. He acutally used thinning sheers on the ends! (I asked Rnd about this during the haircut (I had never seen them before) and he said he did this so it would all blend in nicely....). Well, I read in About.com on curls(!) and confirmed with a stylist that using finishing shears is the WORSE move for curly heads. The result was that my curls-without any solid ends to anchor the curls-couldn't form properly and instead became a solid ball of frizz. Wouldn't he know this? The shape in the front was also horrendous. It might just be because it was so short and no style would be able to hold. But I ended up with a triangle effect (self-explanatory). And the areas framing my face were not blended in and instead became one solid chunk sticking out. The result was short, badly shaped, and super frizzy hair and a girl in tears. No amount of product could save my hair. Resolution": The store manager, Sara, was very nice and professional and handled the whole situation really well. She referred me to Timothy who was amazing! He dried my tears and talked me through it. He agreed (while trying to remain diplomatic) that  the cut wasn't great. He tried to fix it where he could, eliminating the thinned out pieces (making it even shorter! but there was no choice in the matter), and scultping it better. Interestingly, he discovered that the right side was longer than the left side. (Rnd what were you thinking????) I just feel like Rnd ignored the basic rules of styling curly hair (not to mention what I wrote in the paragraph above). And became very defensive when confronted by it telling me he doesn't feel bad becuase he felt he did a good job and put his heart in it. I'm like well that's great for YOU! But I have no choice but to feel bad because I have to live with this awful hair cut for who knows how long. It is in part because of his reaction that I am calling him out in this review. I don't feel good disparaging someone in a public forum. To his credit, he did spend a lot of time on my hair cut.  But it doesn't take away from the fact that the hair cut was so bad, and not acceptable for a Senior Stylist. I dont' feel he understands (at least my type) the way he thinks he does and should take a course (or at least a refresher). The salon ended up refunding my money. Seems a bit of a stingy consoluation. I totally lost out because I have to live with this Gd awful haircut. In 4 months I'm using my refund at Devachan or Ouidad!
I have always had good experiences with Aveda salons. I enjoy their products, their special massages, and the vibe that they exude. This salon made me think twice about that assessment. I'm not sure if the staff isn't paid well or something, but they have NO customer service skills. The front desk people didn't notice me when I walked in, didn't ask for my name. An assistant finally came looking for me, and she briefly introduced me to my stylist, Carol, who was in the middle of doing someone else's hair. She said, "so what are we doing today?" I said, "a trim, but I do want to make a few changes to the hairstyle." She said okay and I went to get washed up. As I watched her finish the other girl's hairdo I thought it looked a little strange, but figured it  must be the style she wanted because she looked happy enough. Then came my turn. I sat in the chair and awaited the ceremonial "so what are we going to do today?" followed by a long explanation of what I wanted. Instead, I got a "how much do you want off." When I tried to explain that I wanted a change to the hairdo also, she didn't ask ONE question. She just looked at me bored as  I babbled on. Then she started to cut. Ten minutes later she was mostly finished with the cut, but didn't ask me if I liked the length or anything else. After drying it she turned me around and I saw that she had NOT been listening to me at all. I tried to explain that I wanted more of an angled bob, not so straight. She looked at me, looked at the customer her assistant had just washed and readied for her, and looked bored again. I tried to start a conversation with her about the hair when she said it shouldn't be more angled. She didn't engage me, or explain, she just began cutting again. Rapidly. When she was done, she looked at me with a sort of "there, you happy now?" expression. I didn't know what to say. I paid the 57 and left, feeling slightly abused by this unfriendly, bored hairdresser. If you like the "wham bam thank you ma'am" approach, this is the salon for you. All in all, my hair looks okay. Not great, but okay. I'm just glad I only wanted a trim. And yes, I know its probably not the best-paying job and I was trying to be friendly and polite and get to know her- but she made it very clear she had no interest in getting to know me, or in me getting to know her. After several feeble attempts to converse I gave up. After this experience, I will be saying goodbye to this salon as well.
Sub-par quality and sub-par attitude. I used to come here religiously when I lived on the UES and this weekend, I found myself in the area. I decided to go in on a whim,  for a quick hair appointment. The woman who did the wash was super nice and friendly, but the hairstylist, a very chubby woman with bangs, was (insert mean word here).She just had a frown on her face during the entire session, not asking me anything. When it was over, I had to ask her to redo certain chunks of my hair. I would have preferred to spend more and get good attitude and service at a midtown/downtown salon or spend less and get good service still at a uptown salon. Just poor quality.
This was my first time here and I was super psyched that I found a spa that uses cruelty-free products. The staff is really friendly and accommodating, which is not something I'm used to. I'm accustomed to girls with fake boobs, filing their nails, chewing gum and talking loudly in a thick BK/SI accents and getting an eyeroll when I step up to the counter. (Maybe that's just SI, I don't know) I went in for a 60 minute deep cleansing facial. I was there about 30 minutes early but Taryn (sp?) took me in right away.  I walked into the spa, which was a quiet area in the back of the salon. She asked me to but a wrap on and stick my feet in a basin of warm soapy water. When you ask for spa treatment here, you definitely get the works. She started with a gentle cleanser and then an exfoliator. Following that was steam, then some extractions.  I believe she used their "enlightenment" cream as well because when she was done, my skin looked brighter and I had a more even complexion. Before paying for the facial and the cleanser...and the moisturizer...and the acne relief pads, I asked Taryn when I should come back for another one. I highly recommend seeing her if you go for a facial.
I started to see Gena about 6 months ago for full highlights every 6-8 weeks. I was generally satisfied with the highlights even though she never used a single process with the highlights which I asked for. About 2 months ago I needed a SLIGHT change to my hair because I'm a model and had signed with a new agency which requested I do so. What I needed was warmer highlights (less ash color) and a single process to look more golden blonde. I left that day with brown ash toned hair. I had to reschedule a shoot which not only cost myself money but also everyone else who was working the shoot. I have to say the manager was very pleasant when I went back and told them that my hair needed to be blonde within a week or else I would continue to lose work. She set me up with Cici who first did a strengthening treatment because my hair was recently processed. I was told I would receive 2 more treatments throughout the week but I never did. The first day of correction Cici significantly lightened my hair and I was feeling hopeful that I would be back to blonde before the end of the week. After my second correction I was very disappointed to leave with brassy strawberry blonde hair with some under spots of brown. I did go to the shoot but unfortunately none of the images can be used. To quote my agent my hair looked "orange and fried". I'm now finding another salon. Recommendations?
I went here to get highlights and a haircut. Not only am I in love with my highlights, it was the best haircut I have ever had. Everyone was friendly, they kept me comfortable, and I walked off with a damage repair lotion that makes my hair feel flawless. They are rock stars! Totally worth it.
For great, affordable brow waxing, see Rochelle. I have been a waxing junkie for years, and can honestly say Rochelle is tops for brows. (Be sure to ask for her. I tried someone else once in a pinch but she was not nearly as good.) Rochelle is meticulous and spends time shaping your brows.  I never feel rushed and she is very sweet. Rochelle also does a great facial. Very soothing, extractions are as pain-free as possible and the price is really reasonable.
After being served tea I had an amazing hand massage along with an amazing head and neck massage by the girl washing my hair. The stylist was super sweet, listened to what i wanted and made suggestions and made sure I knew what she was doing at every step. I definitely will go back!
Went there with 50% groupon.  No massage, no tea, no conditioner on my hair.  Totally rushed for the bob style with uneven cut.  In the end, I think I got about 50% service.  Wonder, if things would be different, if I went to pay full price....
Randy provided an OK haircut. Was it worth $89? Can't say that it was.
Jose is awesome and knows his blondes! I've seen him twice before and each time he did a great job with highlights. He gave me exactly what I wanted and is super quick! Thanks for that. Unfortunately, the shampoo/massage/blowout can be a hit or miss, depending on who does that part. Today, there was no scalp/neck/shoulder massage - last time, however, it was pretty good. So minus one star for the inconsistency. For the record, there was no make-up touch up offered, either. The salon is decent and comfortable, the staff are friendly and the products are great. Scheduling an appointment is easy and convenient.
I've been here twice and I've loved each time. First time I went I had Jose. I just got a wash, cut, and blow dry, and it was great. He listened to what I wanted, and I was out in a jiffy. Second time I was there I was really nervous because I decided to go with a full head of highlights and a cut (I haven't had highlights in around 5 years because of a traumatizing experience leaving my hair look streaky and brittle). Anyway, this time I went in not knowing who I was going to have, and when I walked in I was offered water and I sat down. My stylist was Taylor. I told her what I wanted and even voiced my fear of getting highlights, we looked at a few pictures I had picked out and we finally came up with an idea. I asked for a simple cut because I want to grow out my hair. Anyway, the outcomes was great. Taylor did a great job with my highlights and my cut is what I wanted. I definitely would recommend her.
Great haircut, and reasonable, too.  Just as good a cut as Fekkai for a lot less.  At least that's my experience.  I dropped in yesterday for the first time --  Lee did exactly what I wanted, and then showed me around the place.  I'll definitely go back for a massage, facial, etc.  They're new in this location -- about 6 mos. or a year.  It's so nice to have a salon/spa right in the nabe.
Lee is absolutely fantastic. I am sure there are other great stylists in the salon, but I got lucky when I got her. I barely have to describe what I want and I have always come out of the salon looking fabulous. She does complicated color if needed (which I have had in the past), but now I just get hair cuts. You always get a mini massage when shampooed and all the products smell great! I am VERY particular with my hair and not so lucky with hair stylists so I am so happy to have found her! You can also get an appointment in a short amount of time- sometimes same day.
Okay guys, sad to see all the bad reviews, but I know it's because none of you mentioned Gena. I  followed her from the UWS even though it's a pain.  Sent several friends to her all with different type hair, thin , thick, curly, wavy, & colored... all looked great & happy. My hair always looks great, I always get stopped, & asked where I go & who does my wavy colored hair. Gena's a doll, there is no way anyone couldn' t like her. Gena gets 5 stars, the salon gets 4
Great color with Leigh at a great price.  2/3 of my cuts with her were awesome too.  But for some reason, she started product pushing which is one of my biggest pet peeves for salons. Especially since I don't require pushing.  I love to buy hair care products.  And do end up buying alot of junk.  But every time I come in, I don't need to be pushed into making appointments every 6 weeks and into customized conditioner and twelve products I don't want and will not buy.  She's adorable and talented with a great sense of style - but the inconsistency really started to get to me.
Lee is the bomb.  She listens to what you want, makes suggestions for what she thinks will look nice on your face and frame, and delivers an unbelievable cut and style.  Plus, she's super personable and fun to talk to during the cut.  She's the only stylist I will go to, and my mom is hooked as well.
Timothy at Scott J Aveda Salon is a rockstar! After getting a haircut last week, I decided to go back for some low-lights. One word: WOW! Timothy is a true professional who takes pride in his work, polite, helpful ... and really listens ... My hair is gorgeous! Timothy and his assistant Jaye are both incredible! (And - Aveda products too,) I would highly recommend this fabulous salon AND ... ask for Timothy!
I've been here for a few blow outs before and really like this place. It's a little pricey but they are open late which is great for my busy school schedule. It was bc of school that I had not had a hair cut in 6months and being that this place is open till 10 during the week I decided to give it a try for a cut. I made an appointment the day before for whoever was available the next day around 8pm, and it was CeCe. I have to admit I was a little excited bc she has really great reviews on yelp, so I knew I was in good hands. Before the wash, cece sat me down and we discussed how i wanted my hair and i asked her opinion of certain things and i liked that she had some input rather than just me telling her what I wanted. I needed some advice bc my hair has been looking tired and sad lately.The hair wash/massage was just ok. It's very hit or miss with this because sometimes the girl massages your head neck and shoulders for a few minutes and it's great & sometimes they just don't. This was one Of the times when there was barely any massaging going on.... Let down!! I went to CeCes chair had a cup of green tea and let her do her thing, while I watched a tv show on my phone. When she was done and finishing up my blow out I was so excited and happy with my cut and blow out. My hair really just looked amazing. I didn't do anything crazy it was really just a basic Haircut. But I needed it soooo desperately that I felt amazing leaving the salon. Also the haircut and blow out was only $67, which. Is actually reasonable for the UES, so no complaints here. Overall  it was a great experience and I am glad I found a new stylist with great hours.
I just love Aveda--the products, the services, the experience.  The Scott J Aveda Salon & Spa is no exception.  I would recommend it to anyone who's in the neighborhood.
I came in for a consultation for my long hair (typical Asian hair), and the front desk staff guided me to Jailee, the stylist. Jailee sat me down and we discussed how I wanted (color & trim) and also asked her opinion (because my hair look tired and dark).  After two hours (highlight, gloss and trim) with Jailee, my hair turns out gorgeous. She did an amazing job; I definitely go back to Jailee next time when I need something different.  I felt great leaving the salon with my hair but not with the price (ending up $238), pricey !!!
Nykia is my girl! It took me a year in the city to find a great hair dresser I can rely on and continually come back to. I am particular to who cuts my hair, so when I found Nykia, she was like a god send! You would think in a city, such as NY, it would not be that hard! With 8 months before my wedding day, Nykia and I will be experimenting with some new hair styles to see what will make me look my best on my big day!
I can't praise the salon enough. I got my hair cut with Sal and he was Great! The service was impeccable. Sal was professional and made me feel very comfortable, I would definitely recommend him!
Great haircut and colour. Organised, efficient and pleasant experience. V happy with results.
Had a good experience there.  You get tea/ water and massages while you get your hair done.  I was cut and styled by CeCe, who was polite and professional, she has curly hair skills, she fixed up my layers how I wanted them.  I got compliments on my hair the whole day.  Reasonable prices.
I really can't say enough great things about Jose. He is really fantastic and does a great job with cut and color. The color is so good that I can go almost 5 months (I have long hair) without having to get it done again. You can't ask for much better than that! Also, he does a great job on men's haircuts, too. The only negatives are that they don't take American Express, and so many different people touch your hair that it is often cumbersome to tip everyone.
I was at Scott J last night for a haircut and I have to say it was amazing! I am never satisfied with the initial hair cut I always wait until it has grown out a bit to see how I feel. I have got to say I did not feel like that last night. I love my cut, my hair feels amazing. I could not be happier. I had a senior stylist which jumped the price a lot but I was in desperate need of a cut and wanted to go to someone who had a ton of experience. I am without a doubt going back there and reccomend it to everyone!
Bridget gave a great a haircut! She was very knowledgable with the products and gave me some great tips! I wish the hair wash was longer.
I've been going here for a couple of years now and am very happy with the service I receive. Brittany is my gal and she always does a beautiful job. I recommend you go to her (just not at the same time I want an appointment with her!)
I get my hair cut here with Brigitte (I may have mis-spelled her name), she does a fantastic job. I can always get an appointment fairly easily. I have also gone in for color. I am not a fan of the dye they use- it dries my hair, and it becomes dull and brittle much faster than with other hairdyes. I also think the color faded quickly even with color-safe shampoo. I will keep going back for haircuts, but my color will be done somewhere else for sure.
I have been visiting Scott J on the Upper East Side after switching from the UWS location. I have had Randy cutting my hair for a few months now, and while he isn't the chattiest of hairdressers, my hair always looks amazing when I leave... I would rather have a great stylist than a new friend anyday! Keep it up Scott J.
I've been here twice before, but today I had the best experience yet. My appointment started with an awesome shampoo that included a scalp/neck/shoulder massage. Very relaxing. Shelly gave me a great cut, taking a lot of the extra weight out, while cutting the exact length I asked for. During the cut I had a complimentary hand massage as well. I literally almost fell asleep.  Great straight blowout, and no one pushed any products on me (I really can't stand that). Before I paid Ricardo offered to do a complimentary makeup touchup for me. It was less of a touchup and more of an awesome makeover that only took about 10 min. He showed me all the colors that he was using, and even wrote them down for me in case I'd like to buy them one at a time in the future.  *makeup sessions here are pretty much free if you aren't getting anything special like individual lashes etc. So in all a scalp/neck/shoulder massage, a great cut, hand massage, blowout, full makeup all for $62.  I only wish I had my appointment later in the day so I could go right out from there!
I had an AMAZING experience at Scott J. I got to my appointment about 15 minutes late. I walked in, super flustered, but the receptionist received me in a calm, professional manner. You won't get the annoyed looks here that you usually would at other places for being a tad late. I had Gena as my stylist. She is AWESOME!! She gave me a brief consultation where we talked about how I wanted to cut and style my hair. I have SUPER curly hair which she was not afraid of, and did not make the usual "wow you have a lot of hair" comment that frustrates me every time. Then, another stylist sat me down to wash my hair. I must admit, the man that washed my hair was not very good. And, if I could, I would give this salon 4 3/4 stars because of the hair wash. He was so gentle that it almost felt he wasn't washing my hair at all. Afterwards, my head did not feel clean. And Gena actually took me back to wash out some conditioner he had left in my hair. But he did give me a nice shoulder rub while he was washing my hair, which was very nice. After my hair was washed, Gena took me over to her chair and asked me great questions regarding my hair cut. It almost seemed like she was anticipating everything I wanted done on my hair. She's also very nice and easy to talk to. She cut my hair about 3 inches with long layers and a few face-framing layers up front. She then scrunched it while it was still curly to make sure that's the look I wanted when I curl it. It was WONDERFUL!! My curls were so bouncy and light. Then, she proceeded to blow dry my hair. This is for my curly gurlz: Ladies, Gena was trained by a Dominican. Which, being of Dominican decent, I can tell you that Dominicans are the BEST at blow drying hair straight. And she was just as great. My hair was so straight, but voluminous at the same time. I was turning heads! And, while she was blow-drying my hair, the stylist that washed my hair also gave me a hand massage. It wasn't a spa-worthy hand massage, but it was a nice little perk. After Gena finished with my hair, I realized I had only been there for 1 hour!!! I'm still in shock about that. I don't know about the other stylists, but Gena is awesome. And, although I live in Virginia, I will be coming back to NY every few months to style my hair with her.
I have always loved Aveda salons and this is no exception. I had a haircut with Gena and she gave me the best blowout I've ever had. The cut was a little choppy but I would definitely go back again.
I've been going to Nykia at Scott J for about eight years, and not once have I left unhappy with my cut and color. I have very fine hair (which I'm sure must drive her crazy as a stylist) but she always makes it look great. The receptionists are consistently lovely when you're calling for an appointment or checking in, and as others have said they offer tea or water when you arrive. It's a bit out of my price range, but it's definitely worth the splurge. I'm happy to have found them!
I've seen two different stylists here and both gave great cuts for great prices! They actually listened when I told them what type of cut I was looking for. I'll definitely be back for my next cut.
Here's the Lowdown. I've been going here for over 4 years. The pro's is that they use Aveda products, the salon is well run and it is very convenient. They let you cancel at the last minute without a fuss. The downside is that they have some 'mid level' stylists that graduated recently from the Aveda school or being an assistant and if they cut your hair it is a disaster. It happened a few times. So for cuts-ONLY  go to the senior ones, Sal is the only one that can touch my hair now. My color is pretty straightforward, so I am more flexible with that.
I have been going here for a couple years--never thrilled but it's okay. I see CeCe and she is fine but really has no vision or imagination. I got a non-cut from Dominique once (replacement)--she did NOTHING and I ended up snipping it myself later. Then again I was given Justina when Ce Ce was sick--the WORST! No matter how often I told her to take more off and to relayer my hair, she did exactly what she wanted and ended up cutting off 1/4 inch and layering about 1/8 of an inch. I was livid! A complete waste of money! I called  the next day and they offered me a free redo--but why would i trust another stranger there, and who has the time??? Also, the hair washer never gets the soap out. I am looking for a new place, frankly. if anyone knows of any curly-hair experts, please post. This place is too hit or miss and many of the stylists are obese/tattooed/pierced all over--if they are hideous what do they know about making anyone else look good?
For skin care and questions, go see their new Esthetician Jessie! She is SO good at facials... What makes her so good? She's super confident in her knowledge (really knows her stuff), and is super calm in how she does treatments. Her aura is perfect for such a pampering, nice treatment.
I have been going to the E 86st location for over 3 years. Jason has been cutting my hair flawlessly from day 1. I would highly reccommend him he is worth the price. He was recently on vacation and I needed a trim before a wedding. I stopped in an was assigned Lee. She literally chopped at my hair for a couple of minutes put some wax in and sent me on my way. Same price, but she had no care for the client's hair. I would never go back to her. Disgrace to have two stylists earning the same amount per cut with the drastic difference in quality provided.
First hair cut experience in NY and I absolutely loved it. I will definitely return. Avery did an amazing job. He was honest with me about the state of my hair and the best cut for it. Now my hair is happy and healthy :)
First time there today and I am declaring it my new spot! Great stylists and really nice salon. Prices are reasonable, definitely not as cheap as supercuts, but the quality is well worth it.
Although the vast majority of folks in the neighborhood think of this as 'just' a high-end hair salon, the wonderful secret is that tucked away in the back is actually a world-class spa, giving the best massages in the area. This isn't the typical chair massage sort of thing you'll find at any of the thousand nail salons around town; we're talking a REAL massage, with professional masseusses, soothing music, lots of towels, heated massage table, candle-lit environment...the works.  If you've never thought to try a massage here, take a shot once and you'll be hooked!
Jose is AMAZING! My curly hair was in desperate need of help, and Jose gave me the BEST haircut I've ever gotten. He listened attentively to what I wanted, and literally read my hair...he knew exactly what was wrong and how to fix it...and I will never go to anyone else. This salon and service was also amazing, everyone was nice and happy to help. Go here!
I had been going for years to the UWS Scott J location which was better but this one is full of unexperienced "senior" stylists with a ton of attitude.  On a positive note management is very professional, and almost seems embarrassed about the behavior of some of their stylists.  This is NY, there are a ton of salons, this place isn't worth it, unless you want to pay good money for a bad cut and even worse attitude.
The first time I went the cut was great. The second time I saw someone different for cut and color. She did not speak English, and didn't seem to know anything about coloring hair. Luckily, the man at the station next to us told her what to do, and sent me to get my hair rinsed after my person had forgotten me under a dryer. The cut was fine, but the way she blew it out made me look like one of the characters from Hairspray....so tacky!
I visited the Scott J salon for the first time last week for a haircut with Cece after reading reviews for someone that is good with curly hair.  I was not disappointed.  She immediately pointed out and fixed the length of the layers around my face, something I had been trying to get my stylist in Philadelphia to understand for awhile.  I am quite happy with the haircut.  I did find it a little strange that you seem to be on a bit of an assembly line.  One person washed my hair and gave me a mini neck massage, and while I was getting my hair cut I was offered a hand massage.  After my haircut, I was put under the dryer to let it dry naturally.  Yet another person came and got me when it was done.  I would have expected to see my stylist Cece again so she could make sure I was happy with the cut once it was dry, but she was already cutting someone else's hair.  It all turned out fine in the end however. Cece is considered a stylist and usually costs $65..
If you are a blonde, go to AVERY for highlights! He is awesome and my hair turns out great every time- bright and sunny, yet natural looking- best highlights in the city. Not to mention, his haircuts are also wonderful and his blowouts will make you feel like a million dollars! Pricing is pretty reasonable for NYC- take advantage of Avery, he is the best!
Just had my second appointment at this salon, it was with Lee. I finally can say that after 2 years in NYC I have found my stylist and I will not be looking anymore. I must mention that I had previously visited the Upper Westside location and wasn't too thrilled with the atmosphere or the cut, but this location is fantastic! First visit here I asked Lee just for a cut, and she did a wonderful job. This time around I got highlights and a cut, and I couldn't be any more happier with the result! I kept glancing back in the window on the subway on my way home- I just couldnt recognize how great my hair looked. Will recommend this without a doubt.
Have been a client for years, first in 1999-2002 at the Upper West Side location on 72nd Street and since it opened on 86th, I've been coming here. Service is very good and prices remain fair for quality work. The front desk staff are always very nice and my stylist, Jason, is wonderful, reliable, and extremely attentive to detail. My only complaint is the reservation line. It always takes at least a few minutes to get a real person and booking on line is unreliable.
I just moved here from Boston and I've never been wow'ed by my hair after it's been done by my hairdresser.  I'm very easy-going so I'd never put up a fit and I knew I would care less 5 minutes after I left.  Moving to NYC I wanted a good cut and GREAT color.  I finally got the WOW factor going to this salon.  Lee was my hairdresser and she did a great job, not to mention she's very personable and welcoming.  The service really was so friendly from start to finish.  I'm hoping that the hair coloring I got won't allow me to go back for a while but when I do it will be here! thumbs up
I've been coming here for 4 years for a haircut with Cece. She's awesome. I have a bob and she cuts it perfect everytime. I also recieve alot of compliments on my hair, especially how it's cut in the back, because it's a difficult cut. The staff has always been nice, I've always been able to get an appointment, even last minute.
savanah is the best stylist ever, you must go see her you will come out of there looking fab
I absolutely love this salon.  They are VERY professional, and I trust them with my hair.  Dawn is my colorist, she is fabulous with brunettes turning blonde and blonde toning down to brunettes.  My hair is damaged from the blow drying and dye, and since I've been using Aveda products and dye/bleach, my hair has thickened at the base considerably.  Sal cuts my hair, he's fast and perfect.  They don't give the greatest blowouts (at least the basic blow dry with the haircut and or color) but you also don't pay extra for it.  Prices are extremely reasonable, and it it great being able to try and shop for Aveda products.  When I say prices are reasonable, I used to pay $200 for just color, no cut or blowdry, at Oscar Blandi.  I pay around $140? for color and blowdry (patial highlights).
Make sure you book an appointment with Randy. Since his schedule fills up quickly you must book in advance. If you are in a rush and can't see him, make sure you see a senior stylist at the salon - cannot vouch for the junior stylists.
I've been coming here for about three years and seeing Lee for haircuts and sometimes highlights.  I can't recommend her enough.  She is an absolute doll and every single time - without fail - I walk out of there with my hair looking AMAZING.  I've made the mistake of trying other stylists at other locations, purely out of convenience (i.e. wanted a hair cut that day) and they just can't do what she does.  Lee aside, love the atmosphere here and that they offer you tea and water when you walk in.  You're treated like a client which goes a long way.
Lee was my colorist, and she did a great job. Everyone at the salon was friendly and professional, from the receptionist to the assistant, Karina. The price is reasonable for the neighborhood, and Aveda products are kind to your hair. I'll be back.
I tend to try out different salons for my highlights because, in NYC, it is SO expensive. I was overdue and have been to the UWS Scott J several times and always liked my blonde highlights. However, I've been considering fading into my natural brown color and knew Aveda would be a safe bet to try something different from what I default to (blonde). Laurie is AWESOME! I explained my thoughts and made it clear that I did not want to be too blonde (it was January at the time, too). She did highlights and lowlights but spaced them in a way that, after a week, looks so natural and not at all streaky or over-processed. I find that at Aveda salons my hair comes out very drastic and harsh but after a few washings it tones down and is more subtle. I am so happy with my hair. I was just at a wedding and it photographs beautifully. Also, the quick blow out they gave me (complimentary) was better than any I have paid $40+ for recently. I will be back!
