This review is for Elizabeth at the 65th street location.   First off, I had been dying my hair myself gradually throughout the year because I wanted to be blonde.  I got pretty blonde on my own, but the results were very uneven tone, yellowy, and inconsistent throughout. Basically to any professional, it looked like a trainwreck. Being a college student, my blonde budget was pretty pitiful. So to compromise, I made my rounds as a hair model for my haircuts.  I've been wanting to get someone to correct my color, and another salon refused to use me as a model for their class because my case was too difficult. I almost gave up hope, but then I found Elizabeth's request for a color correction model. I got in contact with her and warned her that my hair was pretty bad, just to make sure that she could do it and she said she loves a challenge and would love to help me. I came into the salon the next day (the salon was beautiful) and Elizabeth was there to greet me politely and walk me to my chair. Upon seating, she asked me what the background was behind my hair and how it got that way, also asking how i take care of it, etc. She even gave me tips on how to properly use a flat iron! After that, she asked me what my goal was, and told me that with about 2 sessions that she could get me to the silvery blonde I've always wanted. She was super excited to help me. Elizabeth got started on my hair and was very outgoing throughout the whole process. First she gave me a quick trim and added beautiful layers. She answered all of my questions and told me exactly what she was doing every step of the way. My scalp is extremely sensitive and when I told her it was burning due to the bleach, and she knew exactly what to do to help, constantly asking me how i'm doing and if its still bothering me. After toning, she blow-dried my hair the way I wanted it, and styled it with product. The results were soo beautiful and I was extremely happy with all the time and effort she has put into fixing the damage that I have done to my hair. Keep in mind that was just my first session, she said to let my hair rest,  and if i wanted to, (Which I do!) I can come back and she would really be able to get that silver tone in my hair. You can really tell when someone is passionate about what they do, and Elizabeth is exactly that. I'm super excited to come back to the salon and have Elizabeth do my hair again. I HIGHLY recommend her :)
1st time visiting this salon, I came in as a hair model. The place is absolutely beautiful and the staff was very friendly. I got my curls diffused by Natalie she was amazing. I have to say I loved the products used on my hair.  Later I found out that they were products made by the owner of the salon, Paul. I actually got to meet the owner that night and I'm glad I did. He was just fabulous and he gave me lots of helpful tips to repair my dry hair and revive my curls! I also met Fred, a stylist. He also had some helpful tips for me.  I would highly recommend this salon.  I have thick, curly dry hair and they worked their magic. I will be back soon for some layers :)
Really happy with my cut and color and it was at such a reasonable price! Elisabeth is just finishing up her apprenticeship there and a fellow stylist stayed with her during my entire cut to make sure it was exact.
This review is for Nikki, who I go to every 12ish weeks for highlights. She's the only person I've let touch (or trust with) my hair since I moved to NYC a four years ago. She is incredibly professional, listens to and gives me feedback on my requests, and is just plain talented. I now commute out of my way - up and across town - just for appointments with her. Highly, highly recommend her.
So, my friend had been looking for a new place to get a cut and color because the guy she used to go to up and moved to Cali or something. Someone told her about this spot so she made an appointment and asked if i'd sidekick it to the city with her to make this happen and dinner would be on her. I was in the car waiting before she finished the sentence. So we went and her appointment was with Vicky. Now, I dabbled in cosmetology back in the day, got my license and whatnot but then stopped, so i'm always intrigued by the happenings in a salon, so i wasn't bored. Not to mention this place was on point, and this girl Vicky was about her business; super nice, knowledgeable, professional and the girl has skills. She's kinda easy on the eyes too... Anyway, my friend was super pleased with the final outcome of her hair and with Vicky herself, and i definitely thought her hair was looking fly when she finished. We were both kinda worried at first, you know how it is going to a new stylist, but Vicky came through and definitely represented up in my girl's coiffure. Color me impressed.
She cut my hair.... and my ear Lesson learned: don't get your hair cut by a girl who has a crush on you. This place is sick though: lattes, tea, pastries, salads?!? Maybe I'm too used to the Astor barbers or my funky Chinatown joint but Labrecque just seemed ridiculously indulgent and opulent in comparison. Fun experience, even with the extra snip and the unimaginative cut (largely my fault, lack of instruction). Give it a try if you want to be pampered while getting a trim.
Well-appointed, pleasant, consistent, high-end salon. I've had my hair cut by Nicole and Lauren in the last year, and really liked both of them. My sister and I had our hair and makeup for her wedding done here (~5 years ago) and we were both very pleased.
I've made the rounds as a hair model to various salons in Manhattan and Brooklyn. Usually, everyone walks away happy. The junior stylist gets a free head of hair to practice on, I get a huge discount on a haircut or color. This was not a happy experience. I showed up on-time for a 6PM appointment. It was a FULL HOUR before my stylist had approval from Paul and could start on my hair. What was supposed to be highlights turned into a color correction, because Paul overrode the junior stylist's recommendation and insisted that my hair needed to be stripped of color. I agreed, not fully realizing what they meant by this. I was finally out of there around 9:15, with severely dry, brassy hair. They assured me that it was a "work-in-progress" and that I needed to let my hair recover before treating it again. "You get what you pay for," I suppose, but I generally like to leave a salon looking better than I did walking in.
Wow! I was shocked to see all of the bad reviews on here! But then I remembered that rich people probably don't write reviews on Yelp unless they're pissed. And considering you have to be pretty rich to go to this salon and considering this salon is AWESOME, the lack of reviews make sense. So, with that in mind, here's my experience... I screwed up my hair. Big time. I have been dyeing my own hair red for 10 years now and thought I'd try a new box. Big mistake. The wrong color was in the box and it turned my hair from a vibrant auburn to a dark, dark, dull cherry color. Horrible. After crying for a good two hours, I of course shared my grief with facebook. Everyone had their two cents as to what I should do (wash my hair with baking soda to strip the color, put Dawn in my hair, etc), but there was one person who saved the day. A family friend of mine who lives in New York and is, well, let's just say well off and is also one of the most generous people on the planet contacted me after hearing about my woes and brought me in to her salon, Paul Labrecque! I will now refer to this friend as my hair angel. We met with hair angel's colorist, Simone, and I must admit I was terrified. I'd heard horror stories about corrective color treatments. When I sat in her chair, she commented that it wasn't that bad, which was true thanks to all the baking soda and Dawn I had put in my hair over the past 48 hours. The dark color had faded considerably. The only problem now was that it was ugly. Ugly and still too dark and the home remedies had made my split ends even raggedier. Simone suggested doing a lot of red/copper highlights, saying that this was far less damaging than corrective color and would give a nice multi-dimentional look as a result. She also wanted to tone my roots as they were kind of purple. My hair angel said to go for it! So, Simone got to work. She first gave me a cut to get rid of my dead ends and give my hair its personality back. Then she went to work on the highlights. I got a full head of highlights and it took about 20-30 minutes for her to do my whole head! I was surprised as to how quickly she worked. She was also very friendly and answered all of my nagging questions about what she was going to do to my head (Note: Dyeing my own hair for 10 years = trust issues). While I was under the heat lamp, she continually checked on my hair's progress to make sure it was perfect. When the highlights were almost ready, she asked one of her peers to put the toner on my roots as she had another client that moment. Finally I got all washed off!! Her assistant gave me a blow dry and it turned out beautiful (only complaint -- her assistant was maybe new or something. She kept getting the brush all tangled in my hair and had acted a bit confused for the entire treatment, including starting to wash out my hair twice before it was ready. Simone had to scold her a bit.) Anyway, back to the hair! IT IS BEAUTIFUL. I can not believe that she was able to make the color so vibrant and natural looking! This is the best my hair has EVER looked. You have no idea. It's amazing. As she was saying goodbye, she stopped my tears of joy and looked at my roots. "Still a little purple," she said, "Come back next week and I'll run the toner through them again. Sorry, but I'm a perfectionist." Now, THAT is good customer service! Everyone should go and see Simone! No, really, suck it up, work an extra shift for the cash, and go. Now. You won't regret it. Especially you redheads out there. THANK YOU, SIMONE!
So I'll be honest... I have not been very faithful to my hair stylists in NYC.  I've tried a new one every time I've needed a trim, which is about once a month.  I've been hair salon slut, for lack of better words.  I guess I just wanted to try a bunch of different ones out. When I visited Paul Labrecque, I walked in and asked if they did free consultations.  The receptionist said yes, and 10 minutes later, I was upstairs in the Salon.  (awesome!)  The atmosphere of this place is everything you could ask from a high end salon.  Large, spacious, cool lighting (I am a sucker for cool lighting).  Needless to say, I could tell this place was serious. Kelly, one of the stylists, gave me a few different ideas, and told me what she would go with.  I was pleased with her suggestions, and booked an appointment with her for the next day.  On top of the cut, she gave me a few styling tips and was really good about answering all of my questions. Even with all of my salon slutting, I've never been happier with my haircut than I was from Paul Labrecque.  It is a bit more expensive than everything else I've tried, but it's definitely worth it.  If I could afford coming here once a month, I would.  (In fact, I think I'm going to rework my budget around this. I would trade a week of ramen for this.) Ask for Kelly, she is great!
For my birthday months ago one of my good friends had gotten me a gift card here so I can try out their straight razor shave. So back in September I had a wedding to go to so what better way to look fly than to get a $100 shave? I made an appointment for the shave along with a manicure and pedicure a day before the wedding and it was great, my face was as smooth as silk! I want to start by saying I have never had a perfect straight razor shave and refuse to get them but this woman that they have here was AMAZING! I'm not going to lie, I hadn't shaved the week of my appointment just so I can feel like I'm getting my money's worth even though I had the gift card for it However my scruffy-ness was no challenge for her, she clearly knew what she was doing because there were no cuts on my face what so ever. The $100 shave is pure indulgence, just short of putting you to sleep and leaves your face feeling like new. The manicure and pedicure were okay, not that I'm experienced in them them but at Red Door Spa you get a bit more pampering than you do here. Overall this place is great and the quality is definitely there. The prices are up there as expected with any upscale salon and spa in the city but it did lose a star because I expected a bit more pampering at their prices like champagne and snacks like they have at Red Door. I will definitely be back for a shave next time I have an event to go to.
I discovered this great salon by purchasing a deal on groupon. The space is clean & full of happy employees! Everyone absolutely loves working there & it creates a very welcoming environment. My groupon included a lemongrass scalp treatment, cut & blowout. 3 hours later my hair looked fantastic! The staff really took their time & cared very much about my input & comfort. I will definitely return.
Nikki is the best colorist ever.  I get highlights and have very dull natural hair.  Every time I walk out of the salon, I feel like I have so much more dimension and body to my hair! Hands down, she is the best!!
I got massage and pedicure done here but you will definitely find a better place to get both done else where in NYC. They barely work on your feet. I like hard core scrubbing and massaging when it comes to my pedicure and they are just too busy being gentle and trying to relax you. It's a posh place though, I liked the atmosphere but not really the service.
I'm writing this review for Paul Labrecque Salon and Spa on the WEST side. This spa is wonderful.  It's part of the Reebok gym near Lincoln Center, but the atmosphere, facility and service are impressive.  I've gotten massages here a few times, and all times were amazing.  They really pamper you, and make sure the pressure, etc. is just right. Love it!
My review is for the East Side salon in the Chatham hotel (East 65th St. location). I have been going here for three years now, ever since New York magazine rated it the best salon for redheads, and it is.  The single process color was a bit steep at the student budget when I discovered it, but like all top salons in the city, they do model nights so that current junior stylists can get expert experience from the main stylist. I have probably gone to have my hair colored there (anything from permanent to semi to henna) probably 15 times now and have seen at least 6 different stylists--all with wonderful results. You cannot go wrong here. The stylists listen to what you do and don't want, analyze your hair and skin tone, then the senior stylist (usually Paul or Tyler) will come over to approve or correct what the suggested treatment is. And then they keep coming back to make sure it's done right--good root coverage, no dark ends, complete blending of the colors. Seriously, it's a great experience. And all the stylists are really nice and I've always felt happy when I leave. I've also gotten cuts with a few of the junior stylists too (at the model price) and been thrilled w/ the results. A top salon at a very reasonable price when you've signed up as a model. Cuts @ $25 (as I recall) and color is $30!! What a deal! Call the main number to leave your information and you will get a call back in a day at most and are usually scheduled to model the following week. A life-saving service for anyone who regularly colors their hair.
I have thick wavy hair and I received a great blow out from Vicky. She was friendly, asked all the right questions, and listened to what I wanted. I did not want my hair to be too flat and my hair turned out really nice with a little volume. I have a lot of hair and she never seemed annoyed or in a rush. I got many compliments the next day from friends and coworkers :)
I was in dire need of a new colorist. I had been going to Prive for over a year. My colorist there--in the beginning did a fantastic job, then he got lazy and instead of doing what he should have been doing, he was taking shortcuts. I ended up with brassy, not blond hair and breakage. I actually found Paula Labrecque through salonapprentice.com. Kay, a stylist-in-training had contacted me that she was looking for someone for color and highlights. I went in for a consultation/ service. Kay was fantastic. She was very honest with me.My natural hair color is extremely dark and i've been blond for a number of years. It's tricky to do. She said that at her level, she couldn't do it, but to talk to the owner Paul about what could be done. I met him, after looking over my hair, Paul suggested that I speak with Elle, a colorist at his salon. She and I talked about my hair, what could be done, what shouldn't be done and how to fix the damage. I went in for an appointment and instead of having to sit through color and highlights--it takes forever--Elle created a formula where I could just have single process color applied to my hair and it look gorgeous! Now, if you don't know anything about color, doing single process color to very dark hair is very difficult to do. Because my hair is so dark, the lighter you try to make it, the more of chance that it will become red and brassy. If you're not a true color expert, your client is going to look like a marmalade cat. My hair looks absofreakinglutely amazing! It's a gorgeous shade of blonde. Instead of being stuck in a chair for 3+ hours for color and highlights, I only had single process done and oh my! My hair is healthier and it's the perfect shade of blond for me. Elle is a genius!
This review is for color models only. I am really not a mean person and I hate writing bad reviews ( I think this is my second one) but I had to share this story. First off, you should always be wary of a "salon" that sells everything under the sun expect hair care. The floors were covered with hair, never a good sign. I was a color model for Lauren (who gets 5 stars, by the way, she is AWESOME!!). Lauren was great, really attentive and listened. Paul on the other hand, is probably one of the meanest, rudest and most self-centered individuals I have ever met. Honestly, I don't know how the man has any clients, he is that rude. The consultation started with Lauren asking me some questions, which Paul was quick to rip her a new one as to why she was asking me these things, she should just know.  I told her that I had my hair colored and it turned very brassy and I hate that, so I was hoping to get blonder highlights to tone it down. Paul precedes to tell me that my hair "is probably the worst I have ever seen" in terms of color and he didn't know how "anyone's hair can look this bad." Well, having my hair colored at a beauty school the month previously, I didn't think it looked that bad, although I do admit it has dried my hair out. Paul then asks me what I have in my hair and I tell him just volumizing mouse and that's it. He asks me if I do Brazilian treatment, keratin or you the hot iron and I say no to all these things. He rolls his eyes to the back of his head and turns the assistant and says "obviously she is lying to us about what she has in her hair so you have to figure out what's in here" I have never been more insulted. My hair in naturally fine and pin straight, I don't need any of those treatments. I told him so, and he just walked away. Before I knew what was happening he had the assistant mix a single process color because Paul decided that I  need a color correction (mind you I just went in for highlights). I tell him I don't want my hair colored darker than my eyebrows (which is light brown) and he doesn't really care and tells me that it won't be dark. Well, lo and behold, the base color was dark brown with warm, red undertones! I freaked out, this is just what I DIDN'T want. She whispers to me, you don't like it and I said no I don't like it, I don't want red at all. She told me that Paul told her to mix some red in there to even everything out!! I was literally having a heart attack, when Paul walks over again and he tells her to go mix a color he chose and he begins to give me the worst blow out ever. Finally dry and he tells me "why a girl like you wants to be blonde is beyond me." What is that supposed to mean, seriously? At this point, I wanted to punch him, but I refrained and told me I like being blonde, I have been blonde for many years and he tells me "well blonde doesn't like you." I couldn't believe my ears. I was so offended. So I told him that my company is cutting back and has furloughed people and he looked at me and said, "furloughed? What's that" Really? Really now? Do you ever pick up a newspaper and read it? Do you know how bad our economy is right now? As I try to explain what that means, he literally walks away in the middle of my sentence! I just couldn't believe how deep into his own power trip and in his own world he was that he didn't know the meaning of this word. But I guess if it doesn't affect you, you don't care. Side note: for about 8 years, I had Aura Friedman, formerly of Bumble and Bumble and currently in Serge Normat color my hair blonde and it never went brassy or looked dried out. I would have strangers ask me who colored my hair. Because of my money situation, I had to take a break from seeing her and do model rounds. FYI, Aura does Lady Gaga's hair. Enough said. So Mr. Labrecque, blonde does like me as my wedding pictures can attest to, courtesy of Aura. Well, highlights applied, I was put under the heat to speed things up. Paul was sitting on the sofa next to me although on the opposite side, talking to his staff and cursing, which I just couldn't believe. I know I am not a full paying customer, but I'm still a customer and you should give me the same treatment as others. As I'm being washed, Paul comes back  and looks at me and says "well now that your color looks good, you have to work on your haircut, cause that's the next thing I was going to pick on" and walks away. My jaw literally dropped. I just had it cut as a model at Eiji salon a few ago and that IS a high end salon, unlike this wannabe salon. Eiji himself cut my hair until he was happy with it!!!   I get back to the chair and of course the highlights aren't the blonde that I wanted and asked for. They are a caramel blonde which is exactly what I walked in with, although to be fair, they are done very nicely. So the lesson here, is to STAY AWAY from the salon unless you want to be humiliated and take your money elsewhere!
I recently purchased a product at this location only to notice it was $10 less on their website.  I called only to be told that it's because I am not paying shipping and that's why it's more expensive in-store.  That's the dumbest thing I have ever heard.  I will be contacting the manufacture to let them know they are up charging the MSRP.  I know it's only $10 but work on your customer service skills.
My friend got her scalp burned to the point of BLISTERS by a colorist. They still made her pay for the process... and when she asked for a refund the manager threatened to call his friends in  high places and get her fired from her job. No joke. Did they think that story wouldn't get repeated?  Stay away from these creeps.
It's funny reading all of these reviews and then realizing that you have not had a single experience which is similar to the others.  I feel like I must have been in a completely different spa and salon.   I'm not 100% dissatisfied with the salon, but it strikes me as odd that I have never been there when there is food or a beverage service as suggested by another reviewer with a snipped ear.  I guess it helps when your stylist has a crush on you.  The few times I have been to the salon, I actually wound up serving my own coffee (in their rinky dink little paper cups no less).   Getting to the important stuff though, the cuts are pretty good, but certainly not stellar.  I have been seeing one stylist there and she has been fine, but certainly not the best cut I have ever had.  The first time I went, the cut was pretty good.  Though when I went to see my favorite stylist of 16 years in Florida while on vacation, she pointed out that there were places which were cut unevenly and that no care was taken when considering my natural hair line, curl (wave), and texture which is why it took so long for me to style (45 minutes a day with blow dryer and round and flat brushes) my cut.  I had my Florida stylist fix me up with yet another perfect cut and a few months, yes, months, later I went back to Paul Lebrecque for a cut and my stylist there actually took credit for how well my hair had grown out.  I did not want to offend her, but this time, I was much much much more specific about how to cut my hair and the problems which generally follow if it is not cut in said way.  I asked her for a little trim, following the lines of the former cut.  Most good stylists can do this in their sleep.  But, she did not.  In fact, she "trimmed" nearly three inches off of my hair.   Needless to say, I was very disappointed.  But, I let it slide - I'm not opposed to short hair, I've had short hair for years, but after 6 months of growing out and getting the modest trim every now and again, she had just cut off everything I had worked for and had cut out the only shape that works for my generally unmanageable hair.  Sending me straight back into 45 minute daily styling routine.  After struggling with forgiveness, I went back to her one last time.  It was difficult for me, but I gave it one more shot and I must say, now I am certain I will not go back to see her again.  The regrowth is completely uneven with some places nearly 2 inches longer than others.  I asked for a simple bob and came out with crazy layers all over the place.  The biggest problem I have with the stylist is that she talks too much and doesn't focus on her work.  I'm all for being friendly, but asking for professional, dating and friend advice while I'm in the chair is not professional.  I'm there to relax and am paying full price for a great cut and yet, I am all worked up at the end of the appointment. The last time I was there, she even insisted on giving me her email address and asking for help in planning an event with her friend to support a not for profit.  I felt like saying, I didn't ask you for a free haircut, did I? Amazing.... So... though you are likely to be sufficiently bored with this review, I'll tell you the reasons why I won't go back to the salon for treatment from a different stylist.  First, the counter girls are horrible.  If I come in for a haircut, I'm not going to be in full makeup and my "Sunday best".  I'm generally going to be in jeans and a grubby t-shirt or sweater.  Why should I care?  I'm just coming in for a cut.  After my second visit, I put on a little makeup and changed into a blouse and skirt which I brought from home, as I was running off to lunch with the girls after I was done.  When I came in, they were so rude to me (normal) and when I went to the counter to check out, they looked at me and one of them actually said "oh my goodness, I didn't recognize you, you look SOOOOO much (emphasis on so) better!"  I couldn't believe it.  I was SOOOOO angry that I wanted to jump over the counter to wring her neck.  In actuality, the haircut wasn't that great, was far too short and the only thing that looked different was that I had makeup on - my makeup - not theirs.  I looked like me with a sub par haircut.  So, if I looked SOOOOO much better, it was not because of them.   Finally, after reading how well everyone else was treated with the added accouterments, I will certainly not go back.  I take it personally that on the day that I was there for highlights, cut, blow dry, eyebrow shaping, tinting and a facial and spent over $500 that not one person offered me a glass of water or a cup of coffee without my asking first.  And lunch?  I was there for over 5 hours and was starving and parched when I left, but there was never even an offer of a snack.   All in all, what was a mediocre experience at best, has now left a more sour taste in my mouth which has me out looking for a different hair stylist and salon all over again.   S~
Just moved to the city a few months ago and was looking for a barber or a stylist and came across a friend who had their hair done by Vicky so I made an appt. I got a really great cut and I have to say Vicky is the hottest stylist I've ever seen. I'll definitely be seeing her soon. Wish me luck lol
Sigh....bleh...yawn....eck.... What a disaster.....I promise you....I have had numerous facials from Chinatown to Uptown.....I sadly assumed that because of the neighborhood and price gouging that I'd be a satisfied customer. First of all it's set inside of a fitness center, the pampering is minimal meaning no privacy and they had to "find" a pair of slippers for me to use the bathroom which involved a long trek passed women getting their hair curled to a huge locker room. My attendee waited while I wandered around lost. Okay....I thought to myself...perhaps minimal etiquette would pay off in high quality service. NOT! My esthetician burned my face and splashed my eyes. I had to redirect her several times. She then used needles for blackheads. For the record I have great skin and go for maintenance. I have never been a huge fan of needles on the face because I think it's too abrasive. Afterward I left with dots all over my gorgeous face. All for a whopping 135 plus tip. Keep your cash kids...keep your cash!
Be very careful of "haircut model" and class-type situations at E65th street. I came in with wavy collar-bone length hair and walked out with choppy sad sad mullet...even when I had a picture of a cut that we all agreed upon. very very little supervision from educator can lead to big, big, big problems. Was assured that corrections can be made but...my hair needs to grow out for 4-6 weeks. Yikes. Am crazy sad and disappointed. Am pulling this mess behind my ears until it can grow out :(
Like the previous poster, I've tried to go the budget route with getting my hair cut in New York, but as I've gotten a bit older I realize that it's worth investing in quality work. Whenever I leave Paul Labrecque I feel like a supermodel. Everyone there is friendly and accomodating, and it's a cool space to boot. I go to see Amerah for cut and color and while it's not cheap, it's quite reasonable for the amount of care and attention she gives my hair, and she does a truly amazing, fashion magazine-worthy job. I get SO many compliments on both the cut and color. I always look forward to going to see her, and now I try to go get a blowout from her before big events and parties. She does such a good job and it always lasts all night. It's worth the investment if it leaves you feeling confident and happy all night!
I was a blow dry model. The wash and blow dry was done by a seemingly brand new employee who worked really slow so the whole process took two hours on a service that usually takes 30 minutes (my hair is bob length). The "class" was done in a tiny room with me, the instructor, and the student employee. The end result was ok but the overall slowness and weird environment make this one of the worst places I have gone to as a hair model.
I brought my mother here to have her hair done after they butchered it at elizabeth arden.... The color director there turned her auburn hair, fuschia telling her that it was "high fashion" when she tried to show him a photograph of what she wanted he snatched the picture out of her hand, tore it up, threw it on the floor, and stomped in the pieces....... I kid you not.... I might've been able to give my mother more comfort, but I COULD NOT STOP LAUGHING.... anyway, I took her to Paul. She's red, she's happy, and if she's happy I'm happy...
just got my hair "did" from here and it's rockin'! the color is spot on and  complements my skin tone. the colorist, CK, really knows what she's doing. every time i go in, i leave feeling fabulous. from golden hues to subtle auburns to bright coppers, she's done everything on me and i always walk away ecstatic with my new look. CK has given me quite possibly the best color i've gotten in NYC--which is no small compliment! there is honestly nobody else i would trust with my hair than her. done and done. now get it done!
Update - props to Brian the manager who saw the review and looked up on their register to get my phone number to call and offer me a free facial at any one of their salons!  Brian gets 4 stars!  I wish the manager on duty that day was as on point...it was kind of hard to miss how miserable I was leaving the salon...still only 1 star for the facial...
I have been going to Mia Silverio since 2009.  I'm very particular about my hair and I don't trust anyone but her.  Her haircuts are always perfect.  I get so many compliments on my highlights even from other hair stylists.  She even does great makeup and updos.  Obviously I could only trust her for my engagement photoshoot and wedding.  All my photos were flawless all thanks to her.  Book an appointment with her today.  Or maybe you shouldn't so I can keep her all to myself!
I go to Labrecque for manicures and pedicures religiously. Aurora is the best nail technician I met. Her manicure will stay for 7 days. Pedicure is perfect, just perfect. She is so attentive to details and gentle. Extremely clean and well organised. She can relax you with a soft talk and positive energy.
