Best pizza in Oceanside.  Period.  I know some of you will say Pizzaiola is better but that's just silly.  The standard take out pizza and the sit down restaurant are both top quality.
Best pizza ever, Lia's offers the perfect slice. Their Sicilian slice is even better. Other than getting a pizza straight off the streets of Florence, this is as good as it gets. Their restaurant in the back is okay. Go for the pizza bar towards the front of Lia's for a casual slice, it does not disappoint.
Whether its for a slice or a full dinner, Lias offers pizza and pastas and salads and calzones. I've eatten there with a group of adults, and with my daughter and friends, and its always a family atmosphere and friendly place to be. I have friends and family that drive from Queens and Brooklyn just to eat at Lia's in Oceanside. I wish I could comment on whether they have dessert but I've always been so pleased with the meal I've never had the pleasure.
Lia's is very good. Their pizza has always been consistently above average, better than good, but not great great. It is the best Pizza in Oceanside though for whatever that is worth. Easy parking. Definitely worth a try.
Best pizza around! Their are a lot of pizza places in the area and Lia's is the best. They have the best selection of pizza. I go there for pizza about once a week and there is always about a dozen different pies to choose from. Every slice I've had was delicious and their paninis, calzones, and pinwheels are also good! The people behind the counter are nice and there is always plenty of seating.
amazing buffalo slice! PERFECT crust and the right amount of spice.
Without question, the best selection of pizza in town.  In fact, I had to take a video of the selection to show my California friends what a real NYpizzeria looks like. The pizza is definitely the best in Oceanside. Pizzaiola is about as good
the   restaurant looks good very nice decor but the food could definitely be better pizza is ok at best, the dinner menu is big nice selection but very salty they do have a huge ego as far as prices go yes they are expensive but there is a issue here with the landlord who thinks the shopping center is the mall of the americas , parking is the worst in that shopping center , basically i go else where
Good reasonably priced Italian Cuisine.I went last nite and Service top notch also.The waiter got a little busy in the kitchen but apologized which is important.The one thing I hate is being ignored.In the meanwhile he had his co worker bring me my glass of wine which order he took within one minute of sitting down.The Bread awesome so save room for your entree.Places like this get rewarded with my business.I will go back.
always eat here, buffalo and specialty slices are legit
I've been a fan for over a decade.  Back then they were in a much smaller space in the same shopping center.  I remember on Friday and Saturday nights there would be a line out the door onto the sidewalk.  Why is the food so good?  Details, like real minced garlic on the garlic knots and pizza sauce so tasty it rivals other restaurants' pasta sauces.  Yes, there are cheaper places, but I'd rather pay just a little extra for a LOT more quality
I am personally very partial to Angelina's in Lynbrook, however, as close as Oceanside is to Lynbrook, with 3 kids in tow, it's still a drive, especially in a cold weather, so my kids have decided that Lia's is an excellent choice in Oceanside and after having tried every other pizzeria in town, I tend to agree with them.  Until recently, we only had slices, but Fri night when I finally showed up from work at a reasonable hour of 8 PM (check out my frequent reviews of Manhattan eateries as a result of late night working dinners :-), we went to Lia's for full dinner and it was a good experience.  The dining room is large and warm, very inviting.  The server was very friendly and patient as we were making our choices.  We had mussels and mozzarella in carrozza for appetizer, and shared shrimp oreganata for a main course.  The kids had their usual slices.  For the dessert, we had cannoli and ricotta cheesecake, both were very good.  We left full and happy.  We will certainly be back for slices for sure, and probably, for dinner sometime as well
This is a great place to bring the family, service is attentive and food is great! we had a great time. try one of their personal pizzas!
Haven't been here in a few years & decided to stop by after work. The rice ball is legitimate and a must try. Chicken caesar roll is also very good.  Will be back soon.
UPDATE: I've had several meals at Lia's since my initial review under new ownership and I have to say that the food has gotten much better.   They actually have one of the best linguine with clams dishes that I've had on Long Island; and the nightly specials usually include a gem or two.  Give Lia's another try, as I have!
This was always an "ok" pizzeria. But since under new ownership, the place is outstanding in all ways a pizzeria/restaurant should be. I went for an early dinner with my family. We had pasta dishes and salad. Everything was absolutely delicious.  The staff was very friendly and the service was prompt and attentive.  The place is very clean and very inviting. I haven't tried the pizza yet, but I will next time, as I will definitely be coming back.
What a great pizzeria / restaurant!  Looks are deceiving, the are located in the corner of a strip mall but the caliber of food & service here are equal to an empire.  The pizza here, both taste & variety is very good!!! The good from the kitchen is great, equal to Manhattan type of food...maybe that's because the Chef, Joe, was trained and worked all over Manhattan.  If you're in the area... STOP BY & PATRONIZE! By the way, the rice balls are like something from Brooklyn!
The staff is attentive, the entrees are excellent every time, and they take credit credit cards.  The wine list is OK, and everything is quite affordable. Their pizza is always amazing. I started going here when my once favorite Lynbrook pizzaria's management changed.
Great slices and specialty slices, plenty of seating and a friendly staff. Good crisp regular slices that you can tell are made with good quality cheese and sauce, and from the look of the other specialty pizza it looks like good quality ingredients are used. Also the people that work the counter have always been pleasant  to deal with so that's a plus with me. Can't really comment on their cooked dishes since I've only had their pizzas. Definitely a place to grab a slice if you should be in the area.
My Wife, daughter, and I love the pizza here. In my opinion, it's the best in Oceanside. We have never had a bad slice here, and frequent Lia's once/week. If you are in the Oceanside area, definitely worth stopping by for a slice.
I went with my wife recently to Lias with a restaurant.com certificate for dinner. We ordered a appetizer of zucchini sticks which were excellent.We then ordered a ziti with eggplant and meatballs and a chicken Francaise. The ziti had a ton of yummy eggplant in it and the chicken was great.Service by our waitress Jackie was excellent and responsive. The atmosphere was friendly and the owners spoke to us after we finished dinners.The restaurant was also extremely clean and well lit.This is one of  the best pizzeria restaurant of its class I have ever eaten at and is really a hidden jem.The portions were very large so the price to value ratio is above average for this type of restaurant.All in all this was an excellent experience and I look forward to returning soon.
A friend took me here when I came to visit. Hands down one of the best slices of pizza i've ever had. I thought about that pizza for days afterwards.
