Mm, this was actually delicious! I tried the cabage leaves (which were stuffed with rice and some stuff to give it flavor) and the falafel. My sis thought the falafel was too spicy, but it was just perfect and not spicy at all for me (maybe I've eaten too much spicy food and just can't feel it, though..^^). The place is also close to the beach (like one block), has outdoor seating (so you can chill, people watch, and enjoy the sun), and seems really authentic!
After a day at the beach I stopped by Abe's for some of his delicious Mediterranean gyro and falafel. And god oh my, the flavor that ravaged my mouth and left me naked on the floor, vying for more (note: I was not actually naked on the floor). The man that served me behind the counter was pretty nice, although I was disappointed to find out that he wasn't Abe. I was assured that he did exist though. If you're in long beach and are looking for delicious food, good portions, at a moderate price, I would recommend giving this place a try.
I have been eating there, probably since they first opened up. It is a small store, with lots of seating, inside and limited outside. I am a local, which means, I eat their food in January, not a passer by. The other day, I go in and order a Falafel, while it is being made, I asked if I can use their bathroom. The bathroom is in the back, not exactly publically accessable, but thinking I am a familiar face, local customer, they would have an ounce of human kindness, and let me relieve myself. The man in there, said, I could not, and to go down the street. I felt insulted. I thought that was very unkind, no way to treat a customer. I said, never mind, to the food being prepared and walked out.   Maybe about 15+ years ago, my nephew approximately 5 at the time, needed to do the same, the woman there at the time told us to bring him across  a busy street to the LIRR station there. I never returned for some time. One star for a lack of human kindness.
I love Abe's!  Best gyro in Long Beach.  Super fast service, good prices, and everything I've tried off the menu has been great.  I go in almost once a week and the guys there are always really friendly.  It's gotten to the point that they remember my usual order now, substitutions and all!  As a regular customer, that's something I really appreciate.
I've visited this establishment once. The Gyro I had was mediocre. Unfortunately the cook got the special sauce all over the outside of the pita so it was very messy to eat. Seemed a little dirty inside the restaurant.
Excellent Falafel with a great spicy kick.  Not the cleanest place or the best customer service in town, but the place is perfect for a quick bite to eat.  Try the Moroccan red Eggplant spread, it's awesome!
Best falafel around.  It's the green kind...super flavorful, spicy and delicious.   Try the Israeli salad and tabbouleh.  The tzatziki sauces is good, but you gotta ask for Abe's sauce.  It's a mix of spicy pepper relish and sweet/tangy BBQ sauce. Everything else is okay...nothing outta this world. 4th Star is thanks to the falafel.
Great spot in Long Beach.  Super friendly staff that have been working there for quite a while. I often just go with the plain old lamb gyro or chicken gyro.  They're consistently delicious.  Good size serving for the price.   Really good Greek Salad.  It's pretty enormous, so I usually split it with someone.   Try the pizza roll.  It's like an eggroll...but it's pizza inside.  Pretty awesome.
Excellent falafel platter today for lunch!
The best gyro I've ever had. Abe's special sauce goes great with your gyro, service is fast and staff is friendly. Since I first ate here about a month and a half ago I've been going here at least once a week.
The best felafel I've ever had. They form them and fry them right in front of you. They have red pepper flakes in the mix though, so flavorful but expect a little kick. Everything else is just average. The salads, gyro, and grilled chicken have all been fresh, but it's typical Greek-style take-out fare, nothing gourmet.
Terrible food. All there meats are precooked from that morning and then they refry it. Not one greek working there so how do they know? Will never return, we threw out our gyros.
Great Med/Middle East fast food! Had the Gyros on pita with Abe's special sauce, including Taziki, onion and hummus. Had to add a side of felafel balls. Those were spicy balls! All good to great. The girl behind the counter was wearing a HAFTR tee-shirt. My mom worked there as a guidance counselor 15 years ago. Delish meal on a busy Friday night in Long Beach!
I eat here about once a week. The food is good.  This isn't one of those places that expects you to add your own vegetables to your falafel from some rotten tomato bar (Brooklyn Pitaria, I'm looking at you), and every sandwich includes hummus. The staff is friendly and attentive.  If you walk in five minutes before they close without any cash (how I roll), they are happy to take your order and take a card. I'm surprised that there aren't five or ten old guys who spend every waking moment here.
Been going here occasionally for years. Food is always fresh and tasty. My favorites are falafel (of course), babaganoush, Israeli steak salad (delicious). The guys behind the counter are super quick, friendly and attentive. You can get Stewart's soda here. I would give 5 stars but won't because there is no bathroom for customers and they need to make the dining area more attractive. All you need to do is close for two weeks during the slow season and put some nice floor tiles and decorative faux finish on the walls (get rid of that mirror!) and a few nice tables and you will get MORE business. Food is great, but Abe's is shortchanging himself by not fixing up the place.
This place is super solid for what it is - cheap, easy, quick gyro place.  Nothing you would go too far out of your way for, but a great option if you live nearby or are taking the train into town.  Everything I've eaten here has been very good.  A go-to spot for when I'm too lazy to make dinner and just need something quick.
Best Falafel around.. Gyro too! This is the ONLY place i can find a falafel that tastes like one I have had in Israel. Always delicious and fresh... The gyro cant be beat either, great special sauce added.. I'm hopin this place stays around for a while..
Falafel Pita....Gyro style! Oh Hell Yeah!! Or a Gyro straight up Yo. Good place for a quick meal. Nice staff and fast delivery. The pastries are killer too.
Abe's is a great delivery option when you're sick of pizza and chinese.  The special sauce takes the already amazing gyros over the top. And for dessert, get the baklava.  you won't be disappointed.
I gave up all meat for Lent this year and I tried Abe's Falafel for the first time (I had always only went the Gyro route) and I was beyond impressed.  I love their Falafel so much that I had it 2-3 times a week during Lent and plan to keep having it frequently.  The salad is so fresh and they use top quality ingredients.  It's the first Falafel I ever had that pops some heat and I am obsessed!
Food is average but worse the place is not the cleanest.
The place is very casual which is good if you want a quick bite. Their falafels are a little on the spicy side, but pretty good! I haven't been able to find that many places on Long Island that make a decent falafel, so I would definitely come back here. The hummus is good as well!
This place knows how to make a mean gyro to gain a couple pounds and still be light on the wallet.  They don't skimp you out on any of their ingredients; whether you're ordering a gyro, greek salad, whatever.  You get your $4-5 worth.  They cut the lamb or chicken right in front of you and your gyro is ready in less than 3-4 minutes.  Even when there's a lady in front of you that buys up the whole menu.
Definitely not the healthiest thing I've eaten, but certainly up there in regard to taste. My personal favorites here are the Spinach Pie and Chicken Gyro (Minus the Feta Cheese). You can get a pretty filling meal for under $11. Fast, easy, and next door to my office. What could be better than that?
The food is still good, and the prices are decent but the portions I guess reflect on the prices. My gyro platter was fairly small and I wish that I remembered that they put BBQ sauce on the gyro meat.... Not a fan. Overall good, but hands down the best falafel you're going to find around here/
Not the best..
I was walking around looking to pick up a quick lunch after a day at the beach and passed two girls sitting outside with an amazing looking  gyro platter. I quickly realized that's what I wanted and walked in. I asked a few questions and the guy helping me was a little cold but became more pleasant after placing my order. The food was delicious; it's been quite a while since I've had a gyro and pairing it with salad and skipping the pita made for the perfect lunch-filling but not too heavy. I'll definitely be back on my next beach day!
Excellent gyro! Order it open on a plate. Not so messy.
The gyros here are great!
best gyro place in long beach
falafel was pretty darn tasty!
Found this place while attending the Long Beach Jazz Fest. OK-so the surroundings are at best basic "kitchen table" dining room--but the food was way better. Grab a table outside if you can. If you're a vegetarian-this is your place. Lots of middle eastern offerings not usually seen in the traditional Greek place. I had a chicken Slovaki platter-my husband the falafel platter. My chicken was well seasoned and juicy-not over done. The Greek salad was very fresh--not laden with oil. Pita--warm and yummy. My husbands Israeli salad (tomato, cucumber, onion, cilantro and seasoning--was very good too- I stole some of his!) His falafel were good-but re-heated. Wish they had just come out of the fryer--would have made all the difference. We went back for a baklava--REALLY good and a deal at $2.50- for that quality. Portions were large and overall very good and not overpriced. When in Long Beach-we're going to this place again.
