O.M.G. I was blown away for a moment - this is like some performance art in its own category, and I feel deeply touched by the originality. Exotic scenes in the water, anti-gravity, artsy violence, and the best matching music... The producers deserve the high praise of such wonderful creation. They also picked the best possible performers. Believe it or not, everything was so beautiful and delightful. Very much enjoyed the unique experience! Highly recommend it.
This is the first time I have paid for any muscial if you could call this that. Pretty great show - even though it was not on Broadway - the performers were really good and really seemed to be enjoying themselves which made the experience even more fun. One thing about this though - not too much public transportation around this place so you kinda do have to take a cab. But i would say its worth it
I took my husband to this show for his birthday and we both loved it.  We saw a coupon code on the Fuerza facebook page and bought our tickets on broadwayoffers for $42 each.  We arrived at the theater and were led into the lounge to wait for the theater to open.  The lounge had a basement bar feel but we weren't there long enough to buy a drink as we were brought into the theater.  The performance was amazing.  As other reviews have said, wear comfortable shoes, you stand for about 70 min, move around a bit, and the floor get wet and dirty.  Also hit the bathroom before you enter the performance space.  No place to go once your inside.  You will be a part of the show so be ready to interact and have fun.  We didn't get totally wet, more like misted, but if you want to get wet stand along the wall by the DJ.  We did see a few kids but they looked lost, they didn't get it, so leave them at home.   This was a really cool experience that used all 5 senses to fully appreciate.
If you want to escape the everyday living and be in your own world, this is a must see. You can interpret the actions of the actors any way you like, but however you view it as theirs a bundle of emotions you feel. You DANCE! You SCREAM! You love. I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! Def a must go. Wear anything casual, keep your phone in a zip lock bag so it wont get damaged, bring someone good company or go urself and enjoy the movement!
Great Place! It's a Must! Try to be outside of the crowd, you'll see why! You will get WET! This place was really cool first when you come in there's a waiting room area, it's pretty awkward at first since everyone is just sitting there what's going to happen next, at first I honestly thought they were going to surprise the crowd with performance but I was so wrong they just came in and told us "okay everyone follow me". You go into this room, but this place is HUGE-Black Room- it was great to be honest! but then after out of no where the lights shut off and the SHOW BEGINS!! :) It was amazing, beautiful performance, really cool!! The END is amazing! Prepare yourself to get WET!! Prepare to DANCE :) Have a good time! Pre-Gaming is a Must! Oh yeah one more thing you will be standing through out the whole performance!
Great show, a lot of fun.  Not everyone gets wet, especially if you're near the entrance and/or the edge away from the DJ.  But the show was very different.  You have to go with an open mind, be creative in your perception of what it could mean.  And if you like to dance and/or enjoy the club scene, it's definitely the place to go.
This show is definitely different and incredibly high in energy.  It is not a traditional broadway show, but a great experience, especially if you like to explore NYC and do and try different things.  I went with my boyfriend (we are both in our late 20s) and we really enjoyed it.  It was different, artistic, and gets you hype.  I do recommend going to see this show either with a group of friends or with a significant other, but AFTER dinner since you will get wet :) You can even walk around Union Square before or after. While we did see a large presence of people around our age there, there was also a group of girls celebrating a 16th birthday, and some older people/couples, who all looked like they were having a blast.  I really do think that this show is age-appropriate for anyone who is willing to stand for 65 minutes and get a little wet (don't wear really nice clothes). I saw that the tickets were generally much more than what we paid, so do your research (travelzoo has a $49 deal at the moment).  I do not recommend paying over $50 for the show, just because there are so many promotions out there.
Great show! Lots of fun. You have to go with an open mind and be creative in your perception of what it could mean.  And if you like to dance and/or enjoy the club scene, it's definitely the place to go! Definitely worth going has in the summer before heading out to the night life.
OMG AMAZING RAVE You must do this... If you don't you'll regret it. Tips to make sure your night with be mind blowing 1. Get tipsy beforehand 2. Bring extra clothes 3. Try to get every close to the stage the performers like dancing with you 4. Don't be afraid to get wet and dance ( its just water people) 5. Performers also will take pics with you right after the show is done 6. $30 tix about 1 to 2 hours before show well worth it Have fun
Try and get the rush $25 tickets, so you dont feel bad about spending your hard earned money (We spent $45 on discount tickets:( ) Overall, it is just an OK show. Go without expectations and have some drinks before the show...that way you may like some parts of it! I was expecting much much more from it and came back a little disappointed.
I was dumb-founded by this experience & the LAME rave that ended this disaster experience. Thank God, I only paid $10 a ticket thru clubfreetime.com or I would have been very upset. They keep saying its the last few performances... End this sorry production of 'nothing'. It insults my intelligence that this actually got financial backers.
This show is better than cirque de soleil eau in Vegas. It is more creative more entertaining and you feel completely involved in he show. I had so much fun!
I went here with colleagues & friends as an post-meeting event. The vibe was really fun and the show had some really clever effects, but I wasn't totally wowed like everyone else was. I would have enjoyed it more if there had been some story to it and some cohesion...to me it just felt like someone had a bunch of random cool ideas and stuck them together, and each one went on just a smidge too long. I did love the women running on the mylar walls and the elevated slip & slide part...really, really awesome. And I liked how they moved you around the room as the scenes changed. I was thrilled to be on the edge where I stayed relatively dry...if I'd been in the middle of the end-of-show sprinkler dousing, I would have been pissed! I've been more impressed with other performance art shows -- particularly Blue Man Group and Sleep No More (which I saw in Boston and LOVE LOVE LOVED!). I don't know how much our tickets cost, but if I'd paid more than $50, I'd be disappointed. If they were $50 or less I'd say it was worth it.
I came to this show not actually knowing what to expect and I am glad I didn't research it first. The surprises really added to the experience. I don't want to ruin it for people who haven't seen it so I will just recommend a few things: Use the coat check for coats AND purses, wear comfortable clothes, wear waterproof makeup if possible, and lastly please please participate in as much as possible. It is part of the whole experience and if you don't, it's really not worth going. Oh, and if you are epileptic or claustrophobic you shouldn't go.
After a multiyear run, "Fuerza Bruta" has closed it's doors for good and I'm really not surprised. You start off by entering a large space, dark and foggy. There are about 100 people with mystified curious faces of excitement and anticipation as the last remaining guests trickle in and then you are blasted with air, fog, and lights... The house music starts and a stage slowly enters the room except this stage is a gigantic treadmill and there is a man in a suit walking in tempo with a beat. "Cool" I thought to myself, where could this "story" go? Plastic lawn chairs are placed on the "stage" and the actor passes them by, then people, then some tables, it is a random charade that could be interpreted as any individual viewer may please. A massive reflective sheet wraps around the crowd and room and two females are running back and forth about 40 feet in the air screaming. Again, some unique dreamy visual however I began to question what the story was to be. More treadmill, more house music, more folks on the treadmill, some random stomp dancing, and lots of confetti. Alas, the suspended pool with transparent bottom is propelled overhead and the half clothed ladies slip and slide across. The drama and awe is immediate however the duration of this act was overplayed and the feeling of desperation seeped in. Like the street performers who only know 3 songs and strive to stretch each one just to provide a complete show, after 10 minutes of seeing the ladies sliding across this pool I wanted to take a nap through the last 10 minutes of it all. The treadmill returns and they add some stairs and random walls of cardboard to blast through - "wow"... I felt like the whole show was a reach. If you've seen de la guarda then you can see the similarities and how this is subpar. After the theatrics, a faux DJ imitates spinning for the crowd and continuously blows an air horn mixed with water blasts from a pressure washer he's got in the faux booth... The crowd loved it...This was so disappointing because after the weak attempts at a legit performance by the actors and production, now the crowd was showing their awfulness. I'm all for getting funky on the dance floor and losing my mind to a heavy mix and strong light show but not when I expect a legit performance. With everyone screaming and flailing their arms I seriously felt like I was in a room with a bunch of wannabes who couldn't get this experience in NY because no doorman would let them in. Please don't consider me some ass hole for this review, I just feel like there was no legit consistency to the visual performances in Fuerza Bruta, they reached just to fill the 70 minute time slot, and then at the end it just turns into a (time killer) wannabe dance party... For out of towners this would be a cool performance but there are plenty of other things to do for the $90 (per ticket) that would blow this shit out of the water. Fuerza Bruta translates to brute force, so think of it like a gigantic shit that takes a lot of effort to squeeze out then when you look down, it's just a giant shit.
Thanks for the tickets Yelp!!
In the beginning of the show they announce there are 3 exits. They don't tell you where they are though and thats to try to keep you from leaving! I am shocked this show has such a high rating. This was honestly the worst show I have ever seen in my life. I will never get back the hour of my life that I managed to stay through the show. When I saw so many other people leaving, I knew that I could not stay any longer.  I had gotten a special half price ticket for these. And it still was not worth the $50.  I would have paid the other $50 to have gotten out of there.   It was hot, and we were all squished in one room. You are standing, not sitting.  I could hear people around me complaining about standing, being claustrophobic, the heat, and the fake smoke.  There is loud music, bangs and flashing lights. This show is not for most people's parents.  There really was no point to it.  There was about 5 minutes total entertainment when the girls were running around on the silver curtain and when the pool came down.  I find more entertainment in the NYC subway. Also, be aware, they tell you to come back 45 minutes before the show starts. They then crowd you all into their 'lounge'  down in the basement where you are squished, standing and they charge a ridiculous amount of money for a drink. The water was even $4!  And you need it since its so hot.  Then they send you back up the stairs to the crappy show. The icing on this cake was that when I tried to leave through one of the 3 exits announced, I was roughly grabbed by a worker here.  Not due to the moving parts of the show but because it turned out to be an emergency exit only. There really is only one exit you can use.  Which none of these are marked 'emergency exit' or exit you should use. The music is so loud I couldn't hear what the guy was saying and was really just trying to get out of  here. Being roughly grabbed and not able to exit, I literally felt forced to stay at this show. This is up there as worst night ever and 1 star is a gift.
The show displays a lot of energy and is very innovative. TThe focus on movement and form. The music is very eclectic. Cons: gets repetitive and at times it seems that they are out of ideas. Could do with a better/tighter story line to hold it together. Definitely worth one viewing...but did not leave me amazed..no it did not.
Okay, I have been dying to see this show for a long time. So when I heard they would be leaving NYC in 2013, I was eager to finally grab a pair of tickets. Luckily, my friend had a deal in which she got free tickets to this show. I was told it was amazing by all my other mates and damn how wrong they were. This show is stupid. This show is rubbish. It's cute. But actually paying anything above 10 dollars of it, I'm so sorry you wasted your money. It's MODERN ART at it's finest. So if you're a fan on nondescript things and random hullabaloo then yes. Enjoy this. If you're a sensible person, no. Don't go to this.
I went to see the show with my wife and some friends last night.We had a blast, the show moved fast enough to keep us engaged and I thought it was just the right length. Their was just a little more water than I would have hoped for but all and all we had a blast.
I gave up my clubbing days years ago and now I know why I did. The show is definitely full of energy, there is no doubt about it, but it just wasn't my kind of show. I absolutely love musicals, I love theater, I like art. The repetitive nature of the show, the rave/techno music, the standing, the water, I found myself looking at my watch several times wondering when it would end.  I didn't care for the show.  I actually considered bringing my parents to it, but I know they would not like it, especially the loud music (saw lots of people with ear plugs), the less than optimal temps inside the theater, the standing and the water bath.   Thank goodness we got these tickets courtesy of Yelp because I would have been bitter if I had paid for them.  If you do end up buying tickets for the show, do not pay more than $30, wear comfy clothes and shoes, do not get your hair did , pre-game and/or take a few tokes before coming.. you'll think this is the most amazing show ever! I guess I am getting old..
A combination of lights, dancing, paper, water, and standing makes this event a welcomed alternative to traditional theater-going in NYC. It's like going to  a club and watching a show, and you don't need to be dressed all that well because it's pretty dark. Wear something you wouldn't care if it gets misted on, and feel free to take tons of pictures and videos, because even if they don't allow it, no one seems to care. Young kids should wear earplugs because it gets pretty loud. The bar is premium like bombay, jamison, but the venue itself is pretty banal.
I would give this show 10 stars if I could. It's very interactive! My boyfriend bought us tickets as part of my Christmas gift and I thought it was an excellent gift idea. You move around a lot and yes, you're standing the whole time but it's part of the experience. I read reviews in which people were complaining about the standing. My advice is stop being a lazy bore and enjoy it. The place is filled with people looking to have fun and open to different things. This is the best show I've ever been to, so much fun! By the end, you're dancing in rain. Literally! Bring an umbrella and rain boots. Do not get dressed up. I was soaking wet by the time it ended, but it was worth every moment. I heard other people in the bathroom saying the same thing. I'm going again before production is concluded in February. This is an hour of bliss and pure creativity. It's like I was part of a James Cameron film,  I was mesmerized. I didn't see any children but I'm sure they'd enjoy it as well. Go be part of this! Best experience I've had in a long time. It's perfect for a date to break the ice. I went on a Saturday and it was a full house.  If the crowd had been boring, I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did but everyone was super pumped. Definitely not recommended if you are going somewhere after though, especially if you need to look decent. My hair was a hot mess when I left, but I didn't care and wanted to continue having fun. Can't wait to go back and bring friends :) AMAZINGGGGG!
There's something wrong with the number of stars for this show on yelp. I had low expectations for this show and even then it was not met. My main problem with it is that I feel that it's designed for tourists who want a more family friendly atmosphere to experience a rave party. The problem: it wasn't a party or an interesting show.  The positives are that there's a lot of action, the water part was not bad, especially the girls in skimpy outfits. There's absolutely no plot to speak of, it's pretty much just a bunch of random "exciting" acts thrown together to create excitement for people who have been bored for far too long.
WHAT. THE. FUCK. WAS. THAT????? I'll elaborate later....when I recover from the mind rape that just occurred...
I had a wonderful time at this wild show. Keep in mind it's a cross between a dance show and a dance rave or club so dress informally. There is also a good chance you'll get wet.    I got pulled on the stage to dance with the actors and it was great!
I'm glad I paid very little for these tickets. I can't imagine paying full price--or even half price. This is definitely not for everyone. I'd read reviews that sounded like you should bring basically anybody to this, so I got tickets to bring my parents, who are visiting. I am so glad they ended up taking a later flight and missed the show! There is a coat check, but the line is very long right before and after the show. I didn't mind carrying my stuff, but if you want to have your hands totally free to touch the props, you should check yours. Since it was winter, I really didn't want to get wet. The water is sprayed from the DJ booth, so I stayed away from that, but even on the opposite side of the room, I got lightly misted--not too bad. The show was high energy but not spectacular or impressive. I don't understand why people are going so crazy for it.
First, the 'Boy's Night' or gay night they do every couple of months is a marketing rip off ... there's nothing particularly gay about it. A couple of the performers are shirtless, but so are male performers in just about every modern dance or Cirque show. And the performers in Fuerza aren't particularly hot. Second, this show just doesn't add up to anything for me ... lots of exploding paper, sliding on an elevated plastic pool, hanging from ropes, but none of the visual, dance or music artistry of ANY Cirque show, none of the humor either. And most modern dance performances are more creative. I left wondering why it's so popular. It's also short, under an hour, which just adds to the disappointment.
TIP #1: FIND CHEAPER TICKETS. I paid half price for two tickets and two drink tickets---so it totaled to roughly $100 ($45 each plus tax + service). I would not suggest paying full price for the show. My reasoning: 1) It's not particularly long, 2) it's a little too "out there" for its actual price of $90-something and 3) there's no plot. Like many other reviewers have recommended, I suggest shopping around on the internet for deals. I got mine through GiltCity and I recently saw one on Lifebooker for even less (but with no drinks). TIP #2: DRINK BEFORE THE SHOW. If you have drink tickets, I suggest getting there 20-30 min. before the show and getting your drink. They used Bombay Sapphire in my gin and tonic, which was a nice surprise. If you didn't score drink tickets, I suggest drinking a little before coming. The performance is much cooler when you're slightly tipsy. Remember to potty before the show. TIP #3: DANCE ALONG. You'll know it's the end of the show when all of the performers are in the audience dancing. That is when the downpour will come. Move off to the side if you're not interested in being fun, dancing, or getting wet. With that said, I highly suggest you dance in the rain. It's really fun and freeing. Stay a little after the show to dance to the music and also take pictures with the performers! TIP #4: BRING A CAMERA because you'll want to take pictures though it won't do the show justice. The lights, use of color, and textures combined create a feast for the eyes. ON WHAT TO WEAR: Comfortable shoes that can get wet (!!) and if you're a girl, do not wear white. At the end of the show there is a downpour of water. So no white unless you're fine with a little voyeur. If you're going to wear make-up, make sure it's waterproof. WHAT TO BRING: A change of clothes and maybe a towel. I brought a change of clothes for my boyfriend which proved invaluable because we got absolutely soaked afterwards. I just put my bag in coat check for $2. SHOULD YOU BRING KIDS? I don't suggest bringing a child younger than twelve to the performance. You're standing the entire time and moved around a lot as the sets change. Younger children will have a harder time seeing what's going on. ON THE PERFORMANCE: The performance is...unexpected. I would actually suggest not to look up any pictures or Youtube videos. Aesthetically, the show is rather stunning and the magic of the show rests on the element of surprise. So if you're interested in this show and you've come across cheaper tickets, by all means, check it out. It's an interesting, fun experience. OVERALL: The show is a really great idea---stunning visuals, great music (you'll want to dance), really energetic dancers, audience participation. You're encouraged to touch the set, which is a pretty rare opportunity. It was a fun experience, though I'm not sure I'd go again. That doesn't mean I'm not glad I went. I had a great time at Fuerza Bruta and it would be fun to take someone who's never seen it. But since I know what to expect now, that key element of surprise is gone :( It's great for dates. I recommend you see it!
I go to the theater all the time and have seen countless shows while living in NY, but this show was unlike anything I've ever seen before.  I won't even attempt to put this show into words- you just have to see it yourself!  I thought the first half was ok, not great, a little boring at times because there wasn't much going on.  I absolutely loved the second half though... the whole part with the girls swimming on that clear plastic thing overhead was amazing!  It is definitely an interesting experience, and you need to be open minded to seeing something different, but overall it was pretty cool.
Fuerza Bruta has a lot of catchy music and fun strobe lights similar to a club like sceen. there are no chairs and a lot of smoke effects  that just make you confused where you're supposed to be looking. you can't say there's any real plot; a man runs on a giant treadmill with water getting sprayed at him and he gets shot. why this happenes they dontt say. and he repeats it again and no one knows why. a good 10-15 mins is then wasted on people running on a silver sheet in the air back and forth about 30 times. this is also has no purpose. suddendly there is a small dance party on a moving stage where they explode sheets of styrofoam to make confetti fly everywhere, which is another 30 mins of them just dancing for no apparent reason. and for a good 5 minutes there was a big silver tarp that waved back and forth over the audience and everyone was so confused they just tried to catch it, but that still no purpose. the only interesting thing was the pool on the ceiling where girls with very little cloths slid around the water and made a lot of noise on the plexiglass but even that got annoying after the first few times, after about the 5th time, it was just repetitive and annoying to watch. by the end of the show the same man is running on the tread mill again but now with a few friends and they play around on a bungee cord. hurra? and they end the show with a club-like dance party where the DJ has a einstein wig and sprays every1 w/ a hose and there's water that rains down on everyone while the cast dances w/ the audeince. basically, there was no point in any of the things they did, their stunts are just nice to look at. (by Ashley W., guest reviewer)
The setup and different acts are mind-blowing. But I would have liked some of the sequences to be smaller in length. Also didn't like the dance pieces - lack of synchro and not that energetic. Overall a one-time watch
Engage all senses with Fuerza Bruta. Are you ready? Do you know what you're getting yourself into? My friends took me here for a surprise. "Where are we going?" "Don't worry, we'll swing by and pick you up.  Make sure that you wear comfortable shoes, dress down and don't bring your purse" We arrive at the theater, or is this a theater? There are no seats! The main room is a large black room with ceilings that are 5 times the height of a normal room. "What is this?" My friends tell me, "We want to stand here in the back. Trust me." "Where am I? What is going to happen?" The lights turn off and I feel strange to be standing in the back of crowd of strangers. It's pitch black and then all of sudden in the middle of the audience, there is man dressed in the whitest suite on what looks like a giant treadmill slightly elevated above the tops of the heads of the audience.  The music starts and he starts walking...faster and faster....until he's running full speed.  Large white walls made of blocks and debris like confetti make fly out from the wall in front of him and he crashes through them.   All the while I'm thinking, I'm "experiencing"..."This is my New York experience".  Running;....crashing through walls....running....faster.....towards the unknown. This is an amazing show that will take you on a mental, emotional, musical, visual, and physical journey into your soul. It's unlike the shows you can always see on Broadway, this is interactive, the crowd, YOU are part of this show. THIS IS AN EXPERIENCE. You're constantly in suspense as each new scene pushes your boundaries and your mind. The room goes pitch black again and the ceiling illuminates from 5 stories above. They built this Lucite glass ceiling that looks taped together filled with a shallow pool of water.... that looks like at any moment would break over the audience. The characters, women in small wet stitches of fabric, running, jumping, sliding...through every emotion. I look up full of awe and emotion...the music is amazing. And when I think that I couldn't be enthralled any further, the ceiling slowly drops down until the crowd can touch the water behind the glass like stage and the characters stare and swim through the crowd. At times I felt like I was in Budapest at a hot club or rave.  Fuerza Bruta is a journey.  Are you brave enough to experience it? Bravo. One of my top recommendations for off Broadway shows in NYC.
The best off Broadway show ever
I have never had so much fun... a) being pushed and prodded by so many strangers. b) having multiple women throw themselves down on top of me. c) reaching out and stroking something just to feel the textures. d) dancing like a fool to some fun house music. e) watching a man (and others) walk as chairs, tables, etc are thrown in his pathway. f) having mystery liquids being sprayed all over me. I only wish I had been in the middle of the action. *NOTE* You may get wet. You may get prodded like a cow. If you are sensitive to noise and lights (especially strobes), this may not be the show for you.
I ended up going because of a half off Groupon. It was fun and we had a great time since the it has such great energy. But is a little weird and not at all for someone waiting to see an intellectually artistic show.
Don't go there expecting something similar to Cirque Du Soleil (like some other Yelpers wrote here). Actually, don't complain because of that!FUERZABRUTA is way different. But it's FUN!!! I got my ticket for $ 25 bucks. Yay!!!!!  What a sweet deal! I can say that I enjoyed a lot and I had a GREAT time! It was pretty cool to be a "part" of the show because you have the chance to interact with the actors. You can play, dance and enjoy with this Argentinian "play"  with no words; only music, sounds, lights and movement. There's no stage; so they get moving around; as well as you. I loved the music, the effects, the DJ  remixing the music from the show, the "party". Yes! It's a PARTY! it's impossible not to feel like "dancing" and "moving" the entire time. GO and have fun! Be aware: -every day of their performance they offer 20 "rush-tickets" (sold at the box office window) for $25.00 - regular price is $ 75.00-  but you have to stay on the line when they open the doors- 2 hours before the show; and every person has a limit of 2 tickets. -there's a bar where you can grab a drink before; after the performance they have a "special" - 2 drinks for 1 - wear comfortable shoes; it's a stand up 1 hour performance - you are gonna get wet; so casual clothes with a little make up - before the show starts be sure to be in the middle of the room; where you will see all the "action" - you can take pictures the whole time but no flash..somebody will scream at you -in the end, they sell some merchandising like: T-Shirts, Cd's, DVD's...if interested, bring extra cash
My friends loved it but I thought the whole thing was pretty stupid.  Think of it as an hour long rave with a $70 cover.  The performances are fun, but I wouldn't say they required any talent.  Instead of cirque du soleil theatrics, expect things like man running on treadmill, girl swimming, and guy blowing a truck horn.
This show is a must-see! Take friends, lovers, family etc. You just need to go and see it. It's interactive and you get to make new friends while you're here. Be prepared to stand the entire time, move around along with the set and get wet. You get to touch props and dance. What more can you ask for while you're being entertained? If you're worried about the price of the tickets, buy them on Plum Benefits if you have access to it. Living Social also offers discounts on tickets but Plum Benefit tickets are much cheaper. Now go and see the show before it really closes!
Wear comfortable shoes, bring a neck brace, and prepared to get wet.  If you're claustrophobic or don't like being in tight spaces with random strangers then don't go.  Don't pay more than $49, I would even say it's not worth that.  You should probably take some sort of psychedelic drugs before going, or just be really young and energetic.  I'm very open-minded and I love all form of art but this was just weird.    I'm glad I went because I was very curious about it and now I can say that I attended some super weird interactive performance art while I lived in New York City.  But I just don't understand the people who go back a second time or will give this any more than two or three stars.
I love theater. Like, real theater, with dialogue, maybe some singing, a plot, characters w/ names... a reason to be there. I'm not sure what the reason for Fuerza Bruta was but I was entertained and maybe a little jealous that I couldn't splash around w/ the ladies in that ceiling fishbowl thing they created, looked crazy fun. After being pumped w/ fog and glitter and confetti everywhere, they were nice enough to offer a shower w/ all the other audience members. I took advantage of this shower w/o out soap mainly because I was hot and I had waterproof mascara on. I liked it, but I'm not sure why. The Yelp discount is definitely something that should be utilized for this show. Thanks for the hook up Yelp.
For anyone who doesn't like Broadways, plays or any sort of artistic excursion, this might possibly be your show! (Yes, I'm looking at those women who bring their poor boyfriends/husbands to chick flick shows -- also, why do you bring them shopping with you. why?!!) Anyhow. Fear. Shame. Chaos. Serenity. Harmony. Peace. I was thinking these words as I saw women flailing themselves across the ceiling. Women and men throwing boxes at one another. A man running for his life on a treadmill. People thumping and dancing to the beat of the music. This off-Broadway could be interpreted in a multitude of ways. The man running on the treadmill is running from his problems. The man running on the treadmill is running from fear. We as people thrive on chaos. We as people thrive on peace. I probably don't even make sense. The show kind of doesn't make sense. Who cares? I had fun. The great thing about these types of show is that everyone gets something different from the experience. Subjectivity is such a great thing. This is what I got out of the show -- to experience life in the moment. Living in the moment is difficult. I always worry about the past. I think about the future. This show also made me extremely happy to be living in NYC. We certainly don't have shows like this in Texas! If you're looking for a fun time with music and dancing where your senses will be heightened, this is out. This is what you need to know: 1. Don't bring too much. Yes, there's a coat and bag check, but it'll cost you $2 per item (consolidate your coats onto one hanger to save money), plus the line is ridiculously long. 2. Stay behind/on the sides if you don't plan to be an active participant in this show. 3. Come with an open mind. 4. You will not be showered. There's light misting at one point during the show and at the end there is a shower in the middle of stage. So if you so choose, you can be rained upon. However, if you don't wish to, just stay in the back. 5. Drink a little bit before (and this is coming from someone who rarely drinks) -- it will most likely (like 100%) make the experience that more fun. 6. Bring a camera/phone and snap pictures/record videos if you so wish. 7. Do not buy full price. While I enjoyed it, it certainly does not merit the price of $79.50. There are half off tickets online and will-call tickets available for half off. PS: Wallflowers stay at home. This is an experience for the senses. Have fun, dance, yell and enjoy!
This show blew my mind.  It's unlike any other performance art out there and the visuals are stunning.  It's interactive and thoroughly original and entertaining.  I can't explain the show without ruining the experience so if you have a chance to see Fuerzabruta, you have to go.    All you need is an open mind. It started as a DC talk thread about which Cirque shows people had seen and I mentioned to Kevin L. that Fuerzabruta was has been compared to Cirque on crack (which is proved not to be but this show has its own merits).  We were headed to NYC the next day and considered getting rush tickets for $25 (20 tickets become available two hours before the 7pm show and the 10pm show).  I was thinking the next morning before we left that I don't want to waste my time waiting in line for tickets that I may or may not get since my time is always limited on these weekend trips.  I read the yelp reviews and scoured various sites for deals when I got a $45 ticket promo code for use on broadwayoffers.com.  I immediately bought 3 tix for the 10pm show on saturday night.  The regular price is $72 so we were happy to score a deal without having to do rush. Other tips: - Goldstar events has tickets for $35 but you have to buy them about a week in advance and they're for select shows only on Tues/Wed/Fri - You may get slightly wet during the show and it's certainly an option to get soaked toward the end of the show so be cautious (there's a coat/item check for $2/piece) - Dress casual and in comfy shoes - you stand for over an hour and there's some moving around that you have to do - You can show up to the door 10 minutes before showtime since you're held in a lounge until showtime and you're taken to the performance space
Fuerza Bruta is like a tasty meal of disparate elements that never come together to form a satisfying meal. The show, which incorporates various props--a treadmill,  a staircase leading nowhere, strobe lights, a huge curtain of silver sparkle, harnesses and finally, a tank of water never coalesces into any meaningful whole.  The performers energetically thrash about and smash each other with styrofoam boxes filled with confetti, run on treadmills, repel off walls while the audience is assaulted with techno music, strobe lights, water and a smoke machine.  While some elements did have a wow factor the overall effect was like being at a very cheesy rave.
So amazing, so interactive, so incredibly fun! Unlike any show I've ever been to... You're moving around the entire time so that by the end of the show you're in a completely different place than where you started off. 10 minutes in and I was COVERED in confetti! You're constantly being surprised by the performers stunts and all I kept thinking the entire time was..."I have never seen anything like this before"...and then the show's ending and you're being rained on! The whole experience is very hard to put into words...you'll really just have to go see it for yourself. I stopped taking pictures halfway through because I realized the photos really would not have done justice to what was actually going on. Plus it's very smoky in there a lot of the time...not great for taking pics. Tickets are not as expensive as Broadway shows either...so get them while they're hot and before the prices go up! AhhhILOVEDIT!
What a joke. We didn't know what to expect as some friends from out of town randomly bought tickets. It was so lame, I can't believe we paid $50 per person. It comprised of 3 main scenes - a guy on a treadmill walking then running pointlessly. This went for 15mins too long. Then there was a bunch of amateur performers dancing to crap techno music with confetti.    Finally some girls sloshing around on a thin layer of water, which was cool for 2 mins but it also went for 15mins too long. I feel like I just wasted 60mins of my life which I'll never get back. Don't do it. You may as well burn your money and watch paint dry because that may be more interesting. If you've never done anything fun in your life then you may enjoy this but I refuse to accept this level of mediocrity calling themselves "innovative" or "theatre".
This is a great show to attend for a second or third date. I'm certain you will find discounted tickets through sites like LivingSocial, GroupOn, and Travel Zoo. If you can't, 30 rush tickets will be sold 2 hours before each performance at $30 per head. Part-Performance Art + Part-Wet-Dance-Rave-Party. It's also great fun for a large group of friends and it's a show that you can definitely attend over and over again. Let's just say I REALLLYYYY want to be a performer in this show. TIPS: 1. Stay near the center of the room when you first enter 2. Wear shoes that you don't mind getting wet 3. Pregame at bars around the neighborhood before you get there Catch it while you still can - the official website states its closing date is February 3, 2013.
Finally checked this out last month. Theyre right up the block from my job so it was about time. My friend got us rush tickets and we went on a Wednesday evening, but it was still packed. The crowd was a hodgepodge of all age groups, both male and female, all races, tourists and locals. Before the show you get to wait downstairs in their bar lounge area and check your items. Then you are let into the show area where there is lights and music before the first scene starts to develop and the staff starts instructing the crowd where to stand by roping off certain set ups. There is not a bad place to stand as the crowd is constantly rearranged around certain scenes. There is no one central stage to look, scenes and events will develop all around you. The show was really great and different from a typical theatrical performance. As everyone says its more of a sensory experience with great music and dancing and interesting visuals, not so much about plot. It turned into a party at certain parts, especially at the end (secure your electronics in a ziploc or move out of the way cause its a party in the rain!). There is some water involved and on a hot summer day it was refreshing and fun. I was a bit underwhelmed with certain parts only because they had already been so exposed to me via trailers, ads and other peoples recounts, so I refuse to tell you guys anymore of their scenes and further ruin it for you. But the parts I hadnt seen were wonderful and exciting. Its definitely worth checking out (ladies, make sure you're not particular about your hair when you go to see it, cause again theres some water. Be ready to move out of the way if this is a big deal for you). I will gladly see it again when I have people visiting from out of town.
This is one of the best performances I've ever seen. My best friend and I didn't have any expectations coming into this so we were blown away. We were the last ones to leave... amazing time!! This show is hard to describe but it feels like a Cirque du Soleil show mixed with performance art mixed with a rave. Its intimate, very interactive and plays with all of your senses. Okay, I don't want to spoil the show for you so just go! You will not regret it. PS: You might get wet so just be prepared.
I was actually VERY disappointed.  I'm 27.  My 18yr old sister and her 21 yr old boyfriend were in town visiting (DC) and I took them to NY and wanted to take them to see any play/performance/etc and took them to this show based on the price and rave reviews.  I really regret it!  I wish i had spent the bit of extra money on tickets to take them to something like Lion King or Wicked etc.  We walked out of the theater after the show in SILENCE.  My sisters boyfriend used the term "acid trip" to describe it and we didnt really understand the point of the performance.  It's great how they interact with the audience and some of the visuals were interesting.  But do girls with no bras really have to flop around in the water for SO LONG??  It was like a wet t-shirt contest.  It was embarrassing and I know my sister and her bf were very uncomfortable.  I just didnt see how that had anything to do with the overall "storyline".  I felt so bad for taking them to see it.  I am not much for lyrical dance or expression dance and I guess this is what it was?  I think if I was drunk or high I would have enjoyed it more.  And at the very end, watching people jump around in the middle of the floor getting soaking wet with a hose was just boring and at that point I was just so ready to leave.  The pics make the show seem really cool and hip but all 3 of us got restless.  I wouldnt recommend this show to any of my friends.  And i'm still a little upset that I wasted so much money on something none of us enjoyed.
As soon as the show finished, first thing that came out of my mouth was that this goes on my list of must-see things when I have friends visiting me in NY for the weekend.  I can't remember one point in which I was bored or not saying "this is amazing" or "this is so much fun" or just "wow."  I really have to laugh at some of the negative reviews complaining of loud noises, having to move around, or having to stand for the entire show (at a whopping 60 minutes).  Remind me never to date/befriend any of you people.  Seriously. Having said that, I feel the show is definitely geared for the younger crowd, or at least younger-minded (I didn't see many people who looked over 40 there, but there were definitely a few and they looked like they were having a blast).  But regardless of age, I would say that you are very likely to enjoy it if... - you enjoy dancing, or just moving your body a bit to music (lots of people just kind of bob their heads or tap their feet) - you like electronic music (it's a bit of a mix of trip hop and tribal music, but extremely well integrated into the dancing and mood). - you like or don't mind being around strangers in a club-like setting.  You'll be standing the whole show and you're in a crowd almost shoulder-to-shoulder depending on the scene. - you can appreciate high-energy, dream-like scenes with no apparent story line (the show is felt more than it is understood). - you don't mind getting a bit frazzled (don't want to ruin any of what you'll experience, but you'll probably sweat a bit and possibly get a little wet).  This is all completely avoidable if you keep entirely to the back. If you don't like those sorts of things or if your muscles aren't strong enough to stand and move about at a slow pace for an hour, well, probably not for you.  Otherwise, you're in for a treat!
If you are looking for a traditional Broadway type show, this is not that.  What this show is, is a visually and acousticly entertaining show.  It was one of the best times I have had in the theater in years.  My teen daughter, who was dubious at first,  loved it.  I would not recommend for children under 10.   My teen daughter wants to see the show again.  Theater is conveniently located in the Union Square area and there is reasonably priced parking across from the theater.
"Art is a way of saying what it means to be alive..." Richard Powers Those  who give it less than 5 stars  are just not open to art! I am annoyed by people who constantly say "be open to the process" usually because they have an agenda they want you to be open to. Kind of like EST. rickross.com/reference/e… If you are not familiar with EST don't worry you didn't miss anything. But if you are old enough to remember EST this may not be for you! I am old enough to remember it and there are no similarities to this and EST except I will also say just surrender to the process and you will  experience what it means to be alive! This is performance art at it's  best!
I loved this show!  Im not sure its for everybody though. lol.  The space looks more like a club scene than a theatre.  Basically the performance happens around, above and among you.  You watch and stand for 70mins, everyone's moved and sometimes pushed around to make way for the raised platforms/stages and other scenery.  They end the performance with a techno dance party and the DJ's got a hose!!  If you don't plan on getting wet and have somewhere to go after the show, you better stand to the side and just do your dancing there. Lol.  The cast members mingles with the crowd and dance with you as well.  You can't really ask for more when you're dancing and dripping wet and one of the cast dances with the crowd!  Especially the lead actor (the one who's on the treadmill like he's running away from something or being chased by someone) - He is freaking gorgeous!!  I'd see this show again to see him again!  Hahaha!  =)
As a true lover of the arts I was totally psyched when a Yelper with an extra ticket offered it to me, a total stranger. I accepted her offer and BOOM- instant friends. It was easy to spot my fellow yelpers...because one- they are insanely good looking people and two, i heard Angel R. Barking before the show started. Having seen De La Guarda years before, i was sort of expecting everything that came our way- only I didnt expect to freaking love it so much more. The symbolism was all there and having experienced my own struggles in life, i really appreciated the main character and all the feats he went through. I also love how it came full circle at the end... for those not really paying attention- this is ONE TRIPPY Party. The music is bumping. The actors are interactive. I have never in my life wanted to be hit over the head with a styrofoam board so badly! The water being sprayed during several parts of the show was very refreshing. The water dance was awe-inspiring! As a straight woman I could  not take my eyes off the breathtakingly beautiful woman with the pixie cut and bold red lips. She was absolutely stunning! If its your first time attending this show: - wear comfortable footwear. You will be standing for a little over an hour - Dont wear anything you wouldnt mind getting wet.. or dirty. - dress lightly. it gets HOT in there... and im not talking about the chick with the pixie cut - Free yourself and have a good time! Overall, this was an amazing experience that I have been DYING to go to for years now. I would definitely see it again and i am so grateful for the kindness of a stranger and bringing me as her plus one.
What the heck. Am I missing something? I thought this show was TERRIBLE! It starts out with a man walking on a treadmill, gradually picking up speed until he is sprinting, and then he gets shot. Could not grasp the point or overall theme of this show.  At the end, it turned into a techno dance party with people hopping up and down like they were at a rave. NEVER AGAIN! I was SO disappointed!
Fuerzabruta is the newest show from the producers of De La Guarda...and it is mind-blowing! I originally saw the show in Buenos Aires, where it originated, but the performance is just as good at the new venue in New York. The show is essentially a cross between a rave party and Cirque de Soleil...you stand in a big open warehouse-like setting, and the entire time you are on your feet and moving around. Without giving too much away I will just say that the performers come out from every which way and perform in the middle of the room, on stages, in boxes above the audience and all over the walls. It truly is a 360 degree experience. Definitely be prepared for some intense house music and crazy lighting - and oh yea, you're going to get wet! Go go go - its absolutely amazing and unlike any other theater performance you have ever seen! Tickets are $35 for previews (shows until Oct. 24) and $70 thereafter. The performances are in the Daryl Roth Theater in Union Square.
I cannot imagine someone paying $75 for this show.  This is pretty entertaining though for the $25 rush price.
Fuerza Bruta is Amazing!!!! All my New Yorker friends recommended this show and I had to go. Didn't realize that if you check in to Foursquare, you get 50% off..We each paid around $79.. The show began at 8pm. You have the option of checking in your coat and having drinks before the show, I recommend you do both! This show was so cool, you are part of the experience, a postindustrial dance-rave spectacular. The music was so unique and fun, it feels like you're in a dream. I felt like I was raging at a club the entire time. There are parts where it feels like you are in the movie Inception. You are standing up for an exact hour and they have you moving around.You are befogged by acrid smoke, blasted by bright colorful lights, and shuttled around in packs like sheep. Also at times, you get a little wet. Maybe its just me, but the acrid smoke smelled really good, it was a very alluring. Not to mention the main character in this was very good looking, he runs for like 30 min, and you get to meet him at the end of the show. There's one point in the show where the dancers join the audience and smash pizza box stuffed with powder and confetti over your head, but they don't hurt at all. My favorite part of the show was a massive shallow pool that descends from above. There are female performers who splash and slide everywhere. Towards the end, it becomes a club and everyone is dancing. Very fun and engaging show. Definitely watching it again in the future.
Way disappointed. I wanted to like this, and the pics make it look amazing. I loved De la Guarda when this same company did it 10 years ago or whwnever. But really, this show seems pretty pointless and disjointed, with random scenes that have nothing to do with each other, and have barely any discernible meaning--or even choreography--themselves. The pool part was cool, for like 10 minutes, but then went on way too long. The audience was way too crowded considering we were being shuttled around like cattle. Maybe this is more fun when the audience is really into it and dancing, but when I went everyone seemed just as bewildered as I was. The words of the people I saw the show with: "awful," "boring," "execrable."
I don't understand the high reviews for this show...especially at the price. I can't justify the price vs production value. This show is a 60-70 minute standing show that interacts with the crowd. They play electronic music throughout and the show is pretty loud. Come in with an open mind and you'll have an okay time. I really wanted to like this show. I came in with low expectations and still let down. It's a wannabe rave for tourists. Just hit up a visually aesthetic rave and i guarantee you'll have a better time.
you will like fuerza bruta if 1. you enjoy going to the gym and watching people run on treadmills 2. you enjoy going to the water park to watch other people have fun on the rides while you watch 3. you enjoy jumping up and down to techno music while the DJ drenches you with a water hose. You know how a lot of other reviews say that you need to be under the influence of alcohol/drugs to enjoy the show? Well, they're right. I was sober and found it kind of boring (and what does it say about a show that you have to be high/drunk to really enjoy it? though granted, some sober people surely enjoyed it also) The best part was where the girls are on the slip/slide water tarp which looked like a complete blast to do. If they ever let audience members there, now that would be something worth paying for. Like apparently everyone else who reviewed, I didn't pay 75 dollars. If I did, I would be feeling very ripped off and stupid right now. And the actual show is like 55 minutes long. The last 10-15 minutes are just a DJ playing techno music while drenching people with water.
Not worth more than $30 to see this show! I recommend getting rush tickets! When my friend and I got to the theater around 7:10pm on a Friday night, the line wasn't that long for rush tickets. Definitely DO NOT get the ticket from Living Social!!! my friend ended up wasting her ticket because living social gave her a date instead of letting her choose one and when contacting them about this matter, they just kept saying they couldn't do anything and all sales are final. Ridiculous!   As for the show, I felt like there was no story line, if there was one, I did not understand it. The whole show is more like being in a club with a couple of scenes here and there. Some of the scenes are cool and interesting at first, but goes on for too long, and gets boring and redundant, though the interactive part was fun. All this time I thought the water pool scene was going to be a cool choreograph routine, but turns out be just body slamming...disappointed! All in all, its an okay show and I would NOT recommend seeing it.
this show was great i didnt like how i was standing for an hour but overall the music and people were great nd it was a great show .... not worth spending 70 so just go to travelzoo.com and get a discount youll only spend 35 per ticket so it was worth it especially at that price.
MIND BLOWING like Erica B. said. Seriously i knew it was going to be awesome but this show seriously blew my mind. My Mom had got my girl friend and I these tickets as an x-mas present. (Thanks MOM!) . I also have to give props to my boy "BLUE" for telling me about this show over a year a go. If your going to purchase them the way to go is broadwaybox.com or the tkts booths, so they were def way cheaper than the advertised price. We got to the theater about 3 minutes before the show started, did a quick coat check and ran upstairs and we were golden. LIKE PLENTY OF OTHER PEOPLE SAID ON HERE! IF YOU PLAN ON GETTING INTO IT AND DANCING IN THE RAIN, DO NOT BRING YOUR PHONE, WALLET, BAGS, CAMERA, ANY OF THOSE they will get wet and ruined if they are not water resistant. I seriously would love to describe the show, but that's going to ruin it, please whoever sees the show and reviews it in the future, do not go into detail about the show, your going to ruin the mystery for everyone who hasn't seen it. Like Erica B said don't read the reviews to much go with an open mind and prepare to dance, great music, great production and trust me your going to have no choice but to dance and get into it!!! It's like a rave and musical in one best way i can describe it, but there is a deeper meaning, i understood watching it and hopefully every1 else does to!! FUERZAAAAAA BRUTAAA!!!!!!!
Fantastic, amazing, jaw-dropping, really cool. I'd definitely go again, a true NYC experience. Get the discount or RUSH tickets, as the full price is a bit steep for a show which is 1h15min long at max. However, the spectacle was wonderful, crazy intense, the moving water scenes with the ceiling just had me awestruck. I'd definitely go again with other out of towners to show them how much fun we had my first time!
I actually saw this show June 2011 courtesy of Yelp but realize I never reviewed it.  I have mixed feelings about it. I liked the concept, it was different for sure.  But it was definitely not my type of show.  Maybe I'm not open-minded or was not prepared enough but here is my review: 1) You are standing the entire time.  It's not a long show, but can get tiring, especially since you have to look upwards (hello sore neck). 2) It can be crowded.  So you're standing and you have to carve out a little space for yourself and make sure you don't get stepped on (I'm short). 3) It gets dark, which is normal for most shows, except -- 4) You're required to move around.  Meaning you have to take your eyes off the action to make sure you're not stepping on anyone. 5) The sounds (i.e. gunshots) can be loud and startling.  At least for me! 6) There's a lot of techno/house music.  I'm not into that type of music at all.  So that part was not fun either. Sure I'm not young and hip anymore, but I'm not a senior citizen either and surely came out of that performance feeling like one.  I felt blinded and deaf and a little on edge.  My companion felt the same.  I had almost invited my mom to join me for the show and very glad I didn't.  I had spoken to a friend who had seen it too and she had loved it.  So I guess bottom line, to each his (or her) own!
I'm not going to give it away...but go! And if you can, pick the late show on the weekends which has a dance party afterwards. Bar kinda sucks and you can't take drinks into the main space..So some liquored up beforehand.
I can definitely see that this show isn't everybody's cup of tea.  Two friends of mine, a couple, who are quite a bit older than me, said they were claustrophobic during the show and "traumatized" (jokingly).  But they also said the younger people in the audience seemed to be enjoying themselvs, and they guessed my boyfriend and I would too. And they were right. Although the constant shepherding around was annoying at first, especially with tourists acting all clueless and slow, and I wish they wouldn't let little kids in (but I wish that about most places), in the end, none of it mattered.  The visuals were stunning, and the energy of the actors/dancers was infectious.  I will definitely go back once it becomes available once again on my secret membership.  ($75 is expensive, which I didn't pay anywhere near to, but I would still say it was worth it).
I always wanted to see cirque du soleil. The same energy and style is presented in Union Square. The music goes well with the performance. The only thing that becomes annoying is standing and having to shift as the show shifts. Every in of the theater is part of the show. You are standing the entire time so it does become tiring. Besides that the show is interesting.  My favorite is the water/ swimming scene. Very very cool! The whole idea of the audience to be standing does allow you to be one with the show. It is worth checking out for tourist and New Yorkers alike. Oh use goldstar.com or other sites for a reduce rate.  At the end it was as if it was the countdown to New Years! Just a big celebration. Nice job crew! Tips: don't carry too much since you will be standing and won't be in the same spot for too long. Wear comfortable shoes and be prepared to be looking up at the show. Many things occur around and above you. It can also get loud in case that bothers you it is something to be aware of.
Just used my livingsocial tickets to see this show...to sum it up in one word: interesting. Very avant-garde. Loved the energy of the performers and the ceiling water segment. For some reason it was giving me anxiety (could be the crowded standing space, constantly worried about getting wet, people stepping on me and loud gun shot noises). If it I did massive amounts of drugs, liked raves, was 10 years younger or my lifelong goal was to party it up in Ibiza I would have been all over it. I think I prefer my off broadway sitting down. As of right now, if you check in on foursquare, tickets are 50% off. Everyone should experience this at least once!
I saw this years ago and wonder how its still around. Honestly I remember this as one of the worst I've ever seen.
I keep dreaming about this show. It was one of the best things I've ever experienced in my life! I'd love to go see it again. In fact, I think I will. A MUST SEE! Especially if you are a runner who feels like you're fighting your way through the crazy things life throws at you sometimes.
Its basically a huge rave party. A unique experience. Una locura. Take a half extacy pill and you will have the time of your life...lol. dont expect to feel enlightened or try to make sense about what the point of it is...just be in the moment and prepare to get wet and WILD
Great fun... visually mind-blowing.  I liked De La Guarda a little better to be honest though.  Be prepared to be surprised.  If you're bringing a date, I'd wait until at least the 3rd or 4th date...  The show sort of made me feel like I had developed epilepsy, but in a good way, if that makes sense.  Be prepared to stand for an hour and be shuffled around a lot -- and if you like to dance, then bring your favorite waltzing shoes and by the end of the show you'll be moving like that "evolution of dance" guy on YouTube. Don't settle for full price tickets, since there are plenty of deals on the wide wide world of web that will decrease your ticket price to a price that is less than full price.  Now go back and re-read that sentence, and you'll be confused.  Okay... that's the kind of confusion your mind will go through when you see this show.  Get it?  Hmm... still not getting the point across.... Okay... how about this idea... go to a street corner in a somewhat shady neighborhood, and ask for a few of everything... pink ones, yellow ones, blue ones, white ones and red ones.  Take one of each, rinse, repeat.  Then smoke the largest joint you can find.  Then go see this show.  Thank me later.
ABSOLUTELY!!!! BY FAR.......... THE BEST SHOW I'VE EVER BEEN TOO!!!  My bf (best guy in the whole world!!!!) took me here as a surprise for my birthday.  The music is AMAZING!!!!  I wanted to buy the soundtrack that they used right after the show, but didn't see them selling it anywhere.  Bummer.  If it weren't a surprise to me, I would have definitely bought my camera with me.  Luckily, my blackberry takes amazing pictures and video.  The dancing was really hard and raw!!!!  Reminded me of my clubbing days when HOUSE music was mind blowing and infectious.  At one point, the dancers are bashing each other over the head with soft paper boxes filled with glitter and bits of paper.  They then go out into the audience and select just a few people to do the same to.  And don't you know it, I was one of them!!!!  Did a little dance with one of the male dancers and then..... BASH!!!! Right on my head!  I will definitely take this as a GREAT omen to what's going to be an amazing YEAR for me.  I would go see this again in a heart beat.  It was great watching other people after the show dance and do their thing with water splashing down on them.  I was dressed far too pretty to partake.  But cudos to them!!!!  So if you go, bring a camera, dress bummy, and if you can avoid it, don't bring a jacket.  Minimal is best!!!  My best birthday EVER!!!!
I thought I was going to be pissed that I had to stand for this. But it went by quickly and parts of it was like being in a club. I really wanted to swim in that mylar pool but some people are really scary and try and grope these people through the mylar! Really amazingly overstimulating. Just be careful, I got hit with a box in the head.. yowsers!
great show! lots of fun! i liked de la guarda better but this show is lots of fun.
This is a like a weird dream you can't wake up from (and paid for). There's no coherent story line, but there is a really hot guy running on a treadmill and soaking wet ladies right above your head. At one point this show becomes a night club. Oh, and this show is interactive, so be prepared to absorb some of that brute force. Bottom line - it makes no sense. Don't think about it too hard, I don't think the creators of the show did.
Amazing show. Energetic, young, daring and exciting!  You will be craving for more. Totally recommended. If you are young, or most importantly, if you have a young soul, try this show. I can't imagine how boring the people who criticize this show are. Get a life!
Didn't know anything about this show before seeing it, think it added to the mystique. It was a very cool and different experience, since the audience is involved in the show. You would probably enjoy it more if you are an artist or enjoy art. Loved the music, the DJ was great, it was of a electronic/techno genre. The story was very dreamlike, not very coherent and abstract, but has you mesmerized as it flows from one scene to the next. It's like experiencing a far fetched dream while you are awake, intimately with a crowd of strangers who all participate by touching the dream. Definitely what you are looking for, if you are looking for something unusual and inspiring.
one "scene" was completely out of this world. in addition to that scene it was the most interactive show i have been a part of. the idea of being able to attend similar shows strongly encouraged me to move to new york. alas, other callings...
I was sad when I missed De La Guarda. But wow, Fuerzabruta was so fun!! I didn't read any reviews on purpose because I didn't want to have a certain level of expectation. Go early and stand in the middle of the circle because that's where most of the action is. We missed a few things because we were standing on the outer edges. Oh yeah, and also try to go with people who like to let loose. There were too many people just standing around! I got $35 tickets through goldstar.com/join?p=F341…. The show's really short, about an hour?
These three stars are mainly for the staff and actors who actually prepare and perform the show. There was a technical problem where the treadmill got stuck? -- the actor stayed in character, played it off and made power-walking in costume in-a-hot-as-hell room look easy. Which brings me to HOT AS HELL room, I don't know how it is in the summer, but in the middle on the winter it was very HOT in there... I did notice a woman who had to leave because I assume she overheated. Close, but please no cigars, it's hot enough in there.
Absolutely an Amazing performance. For the size of the theater the actors and stunts make sure they use every bit of space. The up tempo, intense, heart pounding music keep you going and wanting more. All I can say is go and see. Just a couple notes to keep in mind: 1- Use an alternate site like (Groupon or Bloomspot and there are many more) they offer discounted rates. 2- if your not looking to get soaked which can happen but if your wise and look up you'll notice the sprinklers and follow the guides and you can stay dry as a whistle. 3- can have Minor nudity but isn't overwhelming or inappropriate as it happens durning motion of stunts. 4- coat checks are available and is $2 per item 5- door open 1 hr before showing starts and you'll be able to pick up a souvenir a drink from the bar and check you items as needed. AGAIN THIS IS A MUST SEE! YOU WILL HV AN EXTREMELY GREAT TIME.
Waste of money. Only in NYC will people pay for this crap.  It made no sense and seemed like just a bunch of silly acts were thrown together to make a 'show'.  At one point there was the DJ pumping loud music and squirting water into the crowd....really? I could've gone to Spring Break in Cancun if I wanted that.  But that's what they call "interactive".  The girls swimming in the top pool is not art, especially if it's about half the show and it gets boring just watching people swim.  Completely asinine.
This show was AMAZING, I feel like I was squealing with glee the entire time. Everything is so incredible to look at you can't help but be totally in awe (and wonder how to get a job in this show...it looks like so much fun!). Worth a trip to NY just to see this.
I think this gets 4 stars because most of the people who don't like it, also don't leave reviews. First the good things: 1) The show is unique in many ways, audience is always mobile and sort of engaged in the show, everyone is standing, and the "ceiling of water" is cool.  Now the negatives: 1) Despite its uniqueness it's not that fun or enjoyable, 2) There is no recognizable story/plot, and it seems very random, 3) the audience is almost forced to have fun and everyone gets into a crowd mentality. The music is like a techno club. It might be fun for someone who enjoys pointless jumping and occasional screaming, but you could do that in a club. I guess the point of the show is to engage the audience to the point that despite there not being a real show, people would still have fun. Despite all the negatives, however, this was still an experience, but do it only at a discounted price.
I loved this show.  I'm not what you might consider an artsy person, so I wasn't sure how I was going to feel about a dance/performance type show versus a play with dialogue/storyline, etc.  But this was fun and exciting and sexy and touching.  Yes, I actually got a little teary eyed during one moment and it was marvelous to be so affected.  It's a beautiful performance.  It's angry, it's young, it's daring, it's unique and unpredictable.  I did perceive messages in the "performance sets" and I felt that I connected with the show.  I don't want to give anything away because alot of the fun is in not knowing what's coming next.   Fuerzabruta means "brutal force" and this show dealt with the brutal forces of our lives, as in, the ones we cannot escape.  Birth and innocence, love and anger, family, our obession with work and money, the death of our true selves as we compete in the rat race... it was a geyser of emotion and feeling (of course this is just my intepretation).  I can see how it would be a "love it or hate it" kind of thing.  For me, I loved this experience.  I have now officially stopped calling it a show - it is an experience.  And an unforgettable and amazing one at that. Advice: Get there a little early so that you can get into the performance space before it fills up.  Start right in the middle and you'll pretty much have a good spot the whole time.  There's a lounge/bar down there, so you can have a little something while you wait. Do not dress up and wear comfortable shoes. **My only complaint is that the show was an hour.  It was advertised as 90 minutes, which is a half hour difference.  That was slightly disappointing.**
Whatever this show is, it's definitely Different.  It didn't WOW me at all, but it's worth seeing if you want to do something out of the ordinary in Manhattan.  The show is 70 minutes in total, you'll be standing the whole time, and will be asked to move around in different sides of the room; which just makes it more engaging.  Definitely wear comfortable shoes, and casual outfit in case you get wet.  It's kinda of pricey to watch at regular price, it'd be great if you could get the tickets on sale.
Waited 3 hours in freezing cold for rush tickets. When it goes on tour I will be happy to sit again, or even pay full price for a ticket. Absolutely amazing. Mind-blowing, gorgeous, thrilling. My only caveat: not ideal for someone with limited mobility. You need to be able to move around when you go (ideally, come ready to dance!) a wheelchair would have trouble.
most spectacular show experience ever!!!!!!!
One of the most inspiring shows I've been to. It's great to see the action happening around and above us, breaking the boundary between the "stage" and the audience. A very immersive experience that I highly recommend.
Visually stunning, and it was 70min of non-stop action and energy filled experimental theater.  The theater is very humid tho.
Like nothing else I've seen. A startling dream. A wet fantasy.  Imagination immune to gravity, sequence or even logic. Scattered, engaging, intriguing. High above, just within reach, sensual, intimate, amoung strangers. Constant movement, racy, heated, on the verge of breaking a sweat. Misty, energetic, brazilian dance party. That was the wham, now for the bam: tix are $75 full price. if you want more bang for your buck, and you have time and patience that day, head out early for the rush tickets. they're $25 apiece for the same experience. they're cash only, so don't play yourself with a credit card. and EARLY is the name of the game. Not so much for kids (there's a bar in there, and some skin here and there). Lots of moving around, so maybe not for the elderly either. You'll get wet, you'll bust a move, and you'll wanna do it again.
I saw this this weekend. After passing this everyday not knowing what it really was, my gf brough me here for my birthday finally so I can see what the hoopla was all about. My thoughts. It's a great show considerint it's not something that you see everyday. I don't think this is an experiment on your senses, more on your wallet for what you're getting considering it's only about an hour and about 10 minutes of the last hour is something that you could probably see in  your typical rave minue getting sprayed by some water. But you can't really trash something like this as it's going to be something you've never experienced or have seen before, at least not in some room where you're pretty close to the show, but maybe in a dream or something, and that is where the true value of the show comes in. For one thing you won't be watching your clock to see when this ends, you'll be too busy looking up at the ceiling in awe as people  [SPOILER ALERT] run around the walls, and swim in the air above you[/SPOILER ALERT], it's truly amazing to put this together and pull it off actually. If this is the main event of your evening, make sure you have dinner planned before or afterward as it's pretty short, and you'll probably wanna go elsewhere, but this show is definitely something to be experienced at least once. I give this a 'Yay! I'm a fan!' because I definitely am. If you meet some artsy chick that doesn't know what the show is about, and is not from NYC, you can almost guarantee that you're going to get some tail, granted you don't say anything stupid the whole nite, but in general, I can't see too many people not enjoying this. Would I go again? Are you buying?
went this weekend for the first time and I want to say that I will defenatly will return again. Great show, great music and a little scary because is so dark but is a great experience. This show is different from any other shows you will see because you are standing up and during the show you have to follow instructions to move around. Loved everything about it. Also when you go there make sure you were comfortable close and you have the option to get wet when they open up the sprinkler system. once again loved it my wife and I want to go again PS: at first the 70 minute standing up show sound like a long time but is not. You are having so much of a good time that the time fly by and you want more. Kind of wish it was maybe 20 minutes longer. I really recommend this show, it's a must see
Great fun! Nothing else like it. Go see it for sure!
I was looking to try something new and different, but not completely out of the ordinary. I was recommended by a friend who believed it wasn't worth the full $80 and said if I could find tickets for half the price, I should give it a shot. Coincidentally, and shortly after speaking about Fuerza Bruta, I saw this deal on Groupon and without any expectations, I decided to purchase the ticket in spite the mixed reviews I found on Yelp. The overwhelming majority gave this four stars, and although I made the best of it at the show, the show itself is worth 3 stars (and the price 1 star). I ended up paying nearly $50, a little more than half the price, and I still feel ripped off. I would have paid a maximum of $25 to see this performance. I was warned that it had no story line and no meaning - that it really just was strange performances one after another, but even with this in mind, I felt disappointed. Yes, the pictures you see scattered throughout the web are amazing, and the videos are thrilling and exciting, but imagine seeing the video for 50minutes standing up. What you see in the media is all you will get to see so don't expect much more (because I thought I would see much more than what the video showed). If you continue to read, I warn you, you will get spoiled. So read at your own discretion. Also, since I can't really remember the scenes in its chronological order (and there is no logic to help me piece the scenes together), I will be writing about them as they come to mind. **Start of Spoiler** Well, for the limited amount of actual performances, I felt like this really could have been a 30 minute show, but I guess the production team thought it would be cool to play out each scene for about 10-15 minutes each and there was only 4-5 major scenes... It begins with a guy walking on a treadmill, who then begin to run. Out of no where the audience is surprised with gun shots and on the guy's white shirt there is (fake) blood seeping through. Then he just rips it off and continues running. This happens like 2 or 3 more times. Also with the treadmill there are tables and chairs being placed in his way and I guess we were supposed to be amazed at his dodging? This same performance is executed once in the beginning and then again toward the end of the show where they bring in a huge ladder which 3 characters climb up and then jump off. Oh joy? One of the most uncomfortable scenes consisted of curtains surrounding the audience and two women running and bouncing around. This felt like forever! My neck began hurting. The other painful but eccentric performance was watching women jump and slide on a hard plastic that hovered above the crowd. For a good 15 minutes the crowd was amazed by the energetic bouncing of these women, and I think I had enough after 7 minutes (I'm only estimating the time based on how I felt it was, I wasn't actually keeping time). The last major scene was the sporadic dancing that took place. The characters actually came into the crowd and started breaking foam on top of your head. At the very end of the show the left side of the front area got drenched in rain. They didn't leave it long enough for people in the back to make their way into the rain. **End of Spoiler** Although I somewhat enjoyed the performances (despite the negative feedback above), it was definitely not worth $50 unless you have money to throw around. As a "broke college student" this was ridiculously overpriced for this performance. I cannot imagine spending the full $80. If you can find tickets for $25-$30(max), it's worth the experience. Anymore than that and your expectations will be shot DOWN. If money is not an issue then, as other people have mentioned: If you plan to go, go with an open mind.  Enjoy it as pure entertainment and art. And if you can and are old enough, have a few more drinks to loosen up and enjoy the club-like music.
DO NOT GO, unless you like to have hearing loss, no seating, being herded around ... and when you decide to get out of there less than 1/2 hour into the performance, there will be NO refund once you complain. DO NOT buy a ticket unless you know what you are in for ... the posting INSIDE (once you have purchased your ticket and it is too late) tells you, but no one does prior to purchase. Also, it was pointed out to me that the back of the ticket clearly states no refund. Again, after the purchase!
I'm not into performance art (Blue Man Group leaves me cold), but this was the BF's requested birthday gift, so off we went. Your man will probably enjoy the porno-lite slip n' slide, but regrettably, there's no equal opportunity for those ladies who like their beefcake(holla!). If you really must go, buy your tickets for half-price on travelzoo. Otherwise, save yourself some green and watch Usher's "Scream" video on youtube instead.
Anyone who didn't like this is either too old, brought kids, or is just plain boring.  If you're 15 - 30 this could be the most fun night out you've had in a long time.  It really is like 75% show and 25% nightclub.  You dance with the performers.  The show's energy is what makes it unique.  It translates to brute force, the performers do things forcefully...people who are looking for a deeper meaning should go to a poetry reading.  If you like to dance and get wet, consider this a 70 minute over the top party in Ibiza.  If you are older, do cirque du soleil instead they have seats and you stay dry.
$45 for 1+ hour of entertainment. This is a show experience that appeals to all of your senses. Wear comfy shoes because you'll be standing for the entire duration, and also moving around since it's an interactive set. Expect to turn your head in all directions. Don't wear white because the DJ shoots a hose out into the crowd on multiple occasions (or stay to the sides). And the floor gets nasty by the time the show is over. Energetic performance. Parts of it makes me feel like I'm either in a dream or want to be a child again and play all day in the water. Very creative and good music.
No seating, weird show with no point...few cool effects but NOT worth the money!! It's like being in a club with mediocre dancer/performers. The only part I enjoyed was the pool effect where people were swimming in the water. Again, not worth $80!!!! No idea how this show got such great reviews...most of the people around me didn't like it either...
You have to have an open mind going in knowing 3 things: the show is only 65 minutes long, you will be standing the entire time, and you will get somewhat wet (anywhere from a drizzle to drenched).  This "performing arts" show is very original incorporating a treadmill as an illusion, acrobatic performers flying around the room via a pulley rope systems, and a pool being lowered down to the audience with performers floating overhead (really cool!).  The show encourages the audience to take pictures/video (without flash) which makes for a cool souvenir and great advertising for them.  Be sure to search for discount codes - we got tickets for $35 through Plum Benefits.
I purchased tickets off of living social as a surprise for my bff's birthday. I had done my research and read many reviews and thought why not! I noticed that there are some mixed reviews and some aren't a big fan of Fuerza Bruta and my guess is that they are probably in the "older" crowd age range. I recommend Fuerza Bruta for any age group that likes to have fun and doesn't mind getting a little soaked. Come to this show wearing casual clothing and is possible boots or some type of closed shoes. Keep in mind you are standing for 70 minutes and walking around their "stage". I like the fact that the actors are interactive with the audience. If you are short (like me) try to always find a spot in the front each time you move. There were sometimes that I could not see because of the giants in front of me. Also some were complaining about getting wet. It's simple stay away from the water if you don't want to get wet. I decided to go the other route with that and was right in the middle with all the action and "rain" . This reminded me of a rave and boy did I and most importantly my bff enjoy ourselves. I got soaked to the point where my shoes were squishy when we left but I don't care because I enjoyed it and it was my decision to get wet. All the others who didn't want to get wet simply stepped back and they were fine. Once the show was over you see the actors come out and mingle and take pictures which is awesome. (I was able to get a few) And they leave the bar open until about midnight so you can hang there with your friends as we did. It was buy one get one on drinks so I got a beer and a shot for $8 not bad at all!! So if you have the opportunity to go to this place for cheap do it! That's the only thing I agree with other reviewers about . I wouldn't pay full price to attend this show.
It was amazing, really interesting and different. I went in March, it was so much fun! Go with a fun group of friends. I loved it. you might get sprinkled with a bit of water. However if you want to (which I wish I could have done) go ready to get wet- just a little! its an even better experience! Loud music, amazing dancers and eventhough you are standing the whole show you don't even realize it. I didn't! Another question people always ask: is my neck going to hurt? NOO not at all you aren't looking up the wholeee time!  you will be fine. If you are sensitive to loud music or standing for a long period, then think it through. It's a greeattt experience though. I think everyone should go check it out.. I want to take my whole family.
i'm not generally into stuff like this, but my wonderful cousin and her partner got manfriend and i tickets as part of a wedding present, so we were psyched to try something new and interesting. and fuerza bruta was definitely. . .interesting. it's sort of a melange of rave, south beach gay club, fridays at the roxy in boston, cirque du soleil and musical theater. the show was 70 minutes of standing in a large dark room with intense lighting and fog effects and all sorts of intense acrobatics and intriguing sets. there wasn't much of a narrative, but it is interesting to interpret the show at will. the most interesting part were the huge clear plexiglass boxes suspended above the audience in which dancers cavorted in water, sliding, crashing around and making aquatic mischief. it was definitely an experience. i think i would have gotten more engaged if i wasn't dead sober, but that being said, i'm really happy that we went. the performers were clearly very talented and really exuberant in their delivery. also, they raise money for a clean water charity that builds wells in under-developed countries. their performances a week ago garnered enough donations to build a well in a small african village. fuerza bruta is definitely worth a go-see, especially if you are craving something unique.
Just awesome! This show was packed with energy and took me back to the good old days of all night raves and experimental drugs. The show was something between a psychadellic dream and avant gaurde performace art all set to chest thumping house music. Very cool. Very different. Very New York! Note: You do stand through out the show so make sure to wear comforable shoes.
i went after a couple drinks and with pretty low expectations, just in case, and figured they'd be exceeded. but the show was just okay--there's one section that's completely stunning and innovative and trippy (the swimming), and the rest was entertaining. but overall it's quite short (i went on a wednesday night and the whole thing was over in less than an hour), not particularly remarkable, and absolutely not worth the $50 (almost a dollar a minute!) i paid through broadwayoffers. i think i'd feel cheated paying any more than around $25. i find it hard to believe anyone would see this show more than once, as some of the yelp reviews say. you'd have to live a very sheltered life, or be on some very good drugs, to find this mindblowing. i did take the advice of staying right in the middle of the room, and was very glad of that.
Went to Fuerta Bruza last night, Thursday 8:00pm show. This was the best show I've ever been to in my life. Very entertaining. I have short attention span (ADHD), but this show kept me engaged the whole time. This is like a giant rave, but only with a good plot. It's fun when there are young people there because then the atmosphere is more fun. You are in and of the play. You interact with the actors, and you interact with everyone around you since you're standing and moving the whole time. I think the plot is very relevant to people in NYC. People are running the rat race (first scene), and socializing (scenes in the middle), going to parties pretending to be happy. But deep down, they just all want to be free and like a kid (the water tank scene). At the last scene, the actors finally reach the ladder and climb up but realize it's all waste. At the very end, there's a downpour of water, which signifies a rebirth of everyone in the audience. Some advice for the show that I wished I knew. - Have some drinks before you watch the show. It's probably even more fun when you are tipsy. - If you already DO do drugs, you might as well before the show. I'm not telling you to do drugs, but only for people who already do. - CHECK YOUR COAT. It's only $2. You really don't wan to hold it the whole time. - Don't try to take pictures or videos. I tried to do that for the first 5 mins of the show on my iPhone. I gave up since it's better to just LIVE in the EXPERIENCE and enjoy the show. - Wear comfortable shoes. - You will get wet, but you can probably avoid it. I suggest you just go into the water and dance your heart out.
I just saw this show tonight and agree with most of the negative comments here. The show dragged on, and was like a club/rave-lite experience for tourists, with a little porn-lite. That said, the music was good and the performers were energetic but that's basically where my positive comments start and end. As someone wrote, the audience is almost forced to have fun. Additionally, I found it annoying and distracting that the audience had to move around - as a petite person I sometimes couldn't see the show clearly, though it seemed I was not missing much. I read through some of the positive reviews as well as their interpretations, the "meaning" of the show. These explanations are interesting, and though I don't think I would have loved the show, maybe if I wasn't distracted by being moved around (only to stand in front of tall people), I would have been able to focus on the show and enjoy it somewhat. I've only been to a handful of performance shows, two Cirque de Soleil, Traces, and Fuerza Bruta. Cirque is amazing, and Traces is different than Cirque but still great and much better than Fuerza. Maybe I should have had a drink at the beginning too, but I think I should be able to enjoy a show without alcoholic influence. I bought a deal on Living Social and paid $49, definitely not worth it.
I had a lot of fun! There's no plot so if you really can't bear to watch a show without a concrete, coherent story line, "Fuerza Bruta" is not for you. Also, if you're claustrophobic or have high anxiety issues... this may not be the show for you. Each person can interpret each "scene"/piece differently. Don't worry about what's "right" or "wrong"? What did you take away from what you saw? What did it mean to YOU? It's experimental theatre! I really loved the piece with the man running on the treadmill. Something about those scenes really spoke to me, inspired me. I wanted to grab pen and paper and start writing right then and there. It's kind of awkward in the beginning when everyone's shuffling around (oh, yea. you move around on the stage) and vying for a good view (fellow shorties - try to maneuver to the front). But then, when that shiny sheet gets fluttered back and forth above our heads and we're all trying to graze it with our fingers, and when the water ceiling slowly lowers toward us and we reach toward it, placing our hands on it, there's a different energy that takes over. I felt a sense of community among the audience. We were like excited children who just wanted to be a part of the experience, to say we touched the water ceiling. The only thing that got me a little worried in the beginning was how close you are to the people around you. My friends mentioned that was something that initially worried them as well. Everything was fine; a lot of people came as couples, but it's the thought of the potential that someone might do something. Just some head's ups if you've never seen "Fuerza Bruta" before - the bar area they first have you file into is NOT where the show takes place, so take a deep breath and stop inwardly freaking out at the prospect of an entire audience cramming into that small space to watch the performance. Their herding you up to the actual performance space like cattle does not help, either. Hang in there, sport. If, like me, you didn't check your belongings, I would suggest taking off your coat and holding it because it's gong to get a little toasty as the show progresses ... from all the body heat, I think. Wear comfortable shoes because you'll be standing for the entire show. And your neck may get a little sore from staring up at the water ceiling. To echo fellow yelpers, go with an open mind, and have fun! Also, I agree - don't pay full price. Try getting $25 rush tickets 2 hrs before the show.
Here's how this is gonna work.   This is the last review you're going to read about this show.   You're not scrolling down and reading whatever snarky, clever, embittered words are written about  Fuerzabruta . You're not  looking in  Theater Snob Quarterly for urbane critiques of plot or what reperatory the cast attended. I mean it.   And don't try to be slick and just read reviews on other sites or in the New Yorker or the Scarsdale Tribune or whatchamadoogle.  Don't even go to the site for the show.  Seriously. Yelpers, love ya'll, I do.  And in the mighty words of Oprah, "freedom of speech rocks".  But you're not gonna write any more reviews of this piece.  That's dead. This is the last review.   Go. Just go. You're gonna show up at  the theater with: 1) a mind wide freakin' open.  Wide wide open.  As wide open as the aisles in Costco.   2) cooler than thou hipster remove removed.  Put it in your coat pocket or messenger bag when you check them at coat check downstairs.  You can even store it in a ziplock bag before you put it in your pocket to make sure it stays fresh. 3) no kids younger than 8.   4) If at all possible, some jaded teenager.  A passel of them. 5) no need to be out of the range of strobe lights. 6) cash in hand for  $25 rush tix which are sold 2 hours previous to showtime. But  the line starts forming at least an hour and 20 minutes before they go on sale.  They sell about 20 each performance.  Otherwise discount tix are available at broadwaybox.com, theatermania.com,  goldstar.com.  (No reading reviews at those sites either, homeslice!) Not at the TKTS booth, though. That's it, though. That's all you need.  You're done now. Go.
Fuerza Bruta is not just a show, its an experience. At only 70 minutes long, it is interactive and the crowd surely plays a part in the performance. Keep in mind that you will be standing the entire time, and will move around the floor a bit, so comfy shoes are a necessity. Ideal for going to after a few after dinner beverages and just before going out on the town, as the show ends with the theater being a straight up club/ rave scene. If you dont want to get wet, stay away from the center of the room. And when  I say wet, I mean, not a little bit of water, but getting drenched is possible if you want it. Awesome show, I would go again.
Incredible show!!   I even got to be part of it (sort of), so don't be shy! The music is fantastic, the performers are amazing, and by the end of the show my husband and the couple that we were with were totally raving out.   I highly recommend this.  We went to it as an alternative to entertaining some out of towners by going to a Broadway show.  Must say that this is an amazing alternative for out of towners, but it is really sort of a MUST for people who actually live here. I thought that the fact that I had to stand up would be annoying, but I actually totally forgot about it the second that the show started and everyone started moving around.  What a great time!
Excellent show.  I do not want to ruin the show, but this is a high energy show.  You will be standing for about an hour and 10 minutes and moving around  As Amy J. says, it is better to be near the middle of the room, and through out the show try to be near the center.  I did end up on the outside at times, but still had an awesome time.   The show features great techno/brazilian music and lots of dancing and interaction with the performers.  I do recommend bringing extra clothes as you might get wet and if you choose to...get drenched.  I chose to.  haha. it was awesome.  At the end of the show it ends up being a big dance party.  Enjoy!!!
You must experience it!  This is probably the best off-broadway show I've ever been to.  The music, the water, the lighting, seeing a man get shot is all so thrilling.  This is great for groups, birthdays, out-of-town friends.
My mind was blown, my senses were tickled, my clothes and hair were filled with confetti.  This is a full-scale, high-energy, colorful and participatory spectacle. I thought I was following what it all "means" for a while, but confusion took over about halfway through, leaving me thunderstruck .... and loving it.  The textures and movement and sound are totally mesmerizing. For maximum enjoyment: if you can, get there in advance to score one of the 20 rush tickets ($25 vs. the regular $75 - I got there at 4 pm and waited until 5 to get rush tix for the 7 pm show).  Don't wear uncomfortable shoes or clothes.  Don't bring a large bag (you can check it if you need, but better not to bring it inside).  Be ready and excited to get involved with the show!
I saw the original Fuerza Bruta and now the Wayra version. I could not tell the difference from the two but I loved both. I think the show is about the actor's interactions with the audience. On a side note - it was very inspiring: limitlessm.com/2014/07/d…
I am just glad I only paid $49, and frankly I can not imagine why this show would cost any more! Obviously everyone has an individual taste in everything. But here's what I personally disliked. I couldn't see the show half of the time because of the constant shift, the fact that the "water-slide" was the longest part of the show definitely pissed off my neck, and I couldn't understand what were the performers screaming the whole time..just wanted to join in on the fun! I did like the fact that I have experienced something New in my lovely NYC. And I loved their music. That's pretty much the end. Would NOT recommend this show to any one. Modern Show Productions, definitely need some work!!
We saw Fuerza Bruta on our trip to NY from Vancouver in September and I have to say FB was one of our highlights. The show was a surprise for me so I had absolutely no idea what we were going to see and subsequently zero expectations. I absolutely loved the show, it was stimulating, beautiful, emotional - everything I would want from a production. I was inspired by the strength of the performers and loved the involvement and movement from the audience. Love, love, loved this show!!
Entreatment for fools
One of the best shows I have ever seen! This is such a unique and amazing show that mixes dancing and music and effects in such an amazing way. You have to go with an open mind and be willing to really get into it. It's interactive and you move around a lot and the cast walk through the crowd and interact with you. Don't be shy and go with, you'll have a lot more fun.  I also suggest NOT getting dressed up for the show since there is a high chance of you getting wet and have confetti on you. Most amazing visuals. If you go with a group of friends and dance along, you'll have a great time. Get some drinks too in the lounge before hand and dance along to some crazy house/ techno music and enjoy the show!
I cannot believe i waited so long to see this show. I know many people have said this already but it was really the best show i've ever seen! I've never had so much fun watching any show! The cast looks like their having the time of their life and their enthusiasm is super contagious. I love that. If you're having second thoughts about going, stop right now and get your ticket. I got mine at broadwaybox.com for $40. I DEFINITELY wanna go again before the show is gone from NY forever.
I agree with many of the Yelpers here, that this is a weird show.  I enjoyed myself, yet, I didn't expect it to be this weird.  It was a complete WTF.  I knew it was funky and out of the ordinary, but for whatever reason, the show didn't really "wow" me.  The whole sliding-through-the-water thing was cool, but c'mon, the rest of the stuff was questionably stupid. I'd recommend checking it out for yourself if you are downtown with a friend and have $35 to spend.  Certainly not worth the $80 price tag for a ticket (unless you have the discount code for $35).
it was just a magical event. the fire in the performers' eyes and the rawness of their beaming joy was something to see in itself. what didn't work was the inactivity of the audience. 1, everyone had their phones out, which doesn't work for an intended pitch black environment. from dull expressions to immovable stature, the interaction was weak and really effected the environment for the performers, and myself as a viewer. it's really disheartening to see the withdrawal of people en masse in the face of something bigger than them. it shows to me a deep seeded level of discontent reflected from their own lives onto the world. participation is life, to live is to act. your bubble will only condense - pop it now. "there is something about participating. it is almost my religion. if the world is still here in 100 years, people will know the importance of participating, not just being spectators." pete seeger
Fuerza Bruta was an incredibly entertaining 1.25hr show in Union Square. To be honest, I knew very little about the show before going and was pleasantly surprised at its ability to keep the audience guessing what will come next. I can't say I "understood" the plot (if there even is one) - but it felt more like a club mixed with an EDM concert rather than a theater show. Pros: - Entertaining, lively, mind-blowing, surreal, fun Considerations: - You'll get a little-bit (and potentially very) wet, the audience is moved around (so large groups might get split up), be willing to actively participate (dance, hit one another with boxes of confetti, etc.), the show is only about a hour and 15 minutes Overall it's an excellent time - definitely recommend trying it at least once! (Tip: buy reduced-price tickets at TKTS)
LOVED LOVED LOVED. I saw it twice. The first time, I liked the dancers slightly better, and it was on a weekday night, so it was less crowded. But both times were amazing--I give it 5 stars because it was just so different and fun and beautiful. My only two complaints: 1. The DJ at the end is a little cheesy. Why the powdered wig? 2. The IDIOTS with the stupid cell phones, taking pictures and videos. Do everyone a favor--if you go, just enjoy the experience. Anyone looking at a photo or a video of this show won't get the point of why the show was so amazing, so don't bother. Instead, tell people about it or take them. There's a reason why the girls behind the glass hide their faces when they have a cell phone in their face--because, from what I could tell, the point is to have an actual human interaction with them. It annoyed me so much I really wanted to knock phones out of people's hands, but of course I didn't. I really think that people should have to check their phones or cameras before the show.
I wonder what this was like for people who were high during the show. Imagine a warehouse in Brooklyn. You've been there. We've all been there. If you haven't in Brooklyn, than maybe Montreal or some other seedy downtown area you probably shouldn't have been in. Still no? Well, then come out with my friends one weekend. KIDDING! Now imagine that you're in this warehouse space with an eclectic group of people ranging from tourists to NYU kids to hipsters to a pregnant lady (don't ask) all there to see Fuerza Bruta. The show that was just awesome. The 70 minute show 1)does not allow alcohol. I encourage you have a few cocktails before. It helps. 2)you do not sit. Wear comfortable shoes and if you have neck problems, get them sorted out, as the line says "LOOK UP!" You see a cast of dancers/performers running on a treadmill in the middle of the space as the crowd fills around it. They walk and fall inches away from you as a DJ up above (dressed as Thomas Jefferson?) sprays water on you and blasts the techno beats. The dancing is pretty phenomenal and the people can MOVE. They can also throw paper and bash styrofoam over each other's heads. The part that people will recognize from the promos is when the 4 hot girls in their underwear dive across a plastic boxing sized ring above your head (about 3 inches above your head) splashing water and dancing. It's pretty phenomenal. I highly recommend it if you can swing by. Good for large groups for a party and for a date as you have to hold on to your partner to make sure you don't get lost as you move around the area.
I went with my good buddy Gail...for her birthday...and it was awesome. It's an experience, like nothing I'd ever had. More than just what it looked like, it was more of what you could hear, feel, smell even. Just a total sensory overload. One of the most amazing parts of the show was the effects of it. For me it was almost like a yoga class, or a meditation in that it was such a mesmerizing experience. You could not think about anything but what you were experiencing at that moment. As Oprah's friend Eckhart Tolle would say, you were forced to be in the NOW.   And apparently that was the effect on some of the folks we saw allowing themselves to become wet in order to dance along with the performers. We went on a cold night in February. I was wearing a heavy coat and a hat and scarf and all that stuff. This was not the kind of night you'd want to go home wet. These folks had clearly caught the holy ghost or something.  I think they were just so caught in the moment they didn't even think about later.  I choose to remember a bit of the future. I'm a practical girl, and I catch cold easily.  But I'd recommend this show to anyone who can move, isn't afraid of the dark, and likes to look up....total sensory experience and spiritual practice...well worth it.
I went after reading the postitve and mysterious reviews, and scored the coupons on the web site for the half price tickets. An excellent value for the money, I went in expecting a Circus D'ole type show, with breathtaking acrobatics and incredible feats of flexibility. However, the show really is more about the interesting engineering that went into producing it. At the start, I was fascinated by the crew who kept the play together. It's such a small room, there is nowhere for them to hide anything, and they keep it fairly well lit during the entire performance. Despite it's off-Broadway location downtown, the show pulls in lots of tourists, which adds to it's foreign born vibe. Following the end of the show, the DJ/Music Producer (that's how they identify him in the playbill) spun some great beats for about ten minutes, and some of the more adventurous audience members tried doing a bit of dancing- think a well lit, much less crowded Webster Hall, while my girlfriend (who is not into the techno beats) ran out to grab our coats from the coat check room downstairs ($2 per item, and recommended because you will be standing, and it can get a bit warm in the room). The bar downstairs is serviceable, and they have 2-for-1 drinks after the show. I looked around at the NY Times articles attached to the website, and it shows that the play has been around since October of 07. If that's the case, then you really should grab some of the cheap tickets and check it out. It's a short show, and a good deal.
Awesome, amazing, spectacular, mind blowing experience. I got tickets as a birthday gift. I had no idea what to expect, I hadn't even heard about it! It is so hard to describe what it IS to other people. It stimulates and engages all the senses in 1 hour. I would recommend not to research too much about it before going. You MUST go in with an open mind. Don't bring friends who are shy or reserved because the whole show involves a lot of audience interaction with the performers. We ended up going again at the end of the summer because the ticket prices were 50% off. Dancing in the rain was my favorite part :)
It was very interesting, and there was definitely an exotic element to it, but I was expecting something else. We got the tickets as a gift which was very nice, and were told that this is something totally different, and different it was. I just had no idea what was going and my neck was very achy after because a part of the show which actually is the best part, you have to keep your head raised 180 degrees to watch the aquarium like performance above your head. My suggestion is come in very comfortable clothes, expect a partially clubby like scene, don't try to make sense of anything, and do not spend more than $30 max on tickets.
Loved it!!  Super sexy bodies doing crazy athletic things.  What's not to love? It's best to go in with no expectations, so I don't want to say too much, but just know that it is unlike any other performance.  Unless you've seen de la guarda.  It is similar, but different. I left with my mind expanded and my body twitching for a hard workout and some good lovin.  Not necessarily in that order!
There were times where I felt like I was in some raver mash-up of Beirut's music video for "Elephant Gun".  And then there were other times where I felt like I was in some weird, scaled-down, Portuguese version of Cirque du Soleil.  And then there were still more times when I felt like I was at the heterosexual version of SPLASH.   The visuals and performances were truly stunning, but I could've done without alot of the Ibizan touchy/feely-ness about the whole thing.  Past the pyrotechnics and the acrobactics, is a subtle but compelling narrative of man's struggle to conquer and transcend the millions of deaths we die everyday.  Brute force is both the instrumentality of these deaths, and the means by which to break past them.  These deaths are at once salved and encouraged by the sensual, amnial,  effervesence of our dreams, which (on closer inspection) become indistinguishable from the quotidien brutalities that countervale them.   There is so much  to absorb both symbolically and artistically, then it just feels intruded upon by constant stage direction and performer interaction.  Call me old-school: it's not for everyone.  But most people will probably enjoy it just enough.   For your own sake, do remember to check your bag and wear sensible shoes; otherwise, it makes the jumping part rather painful and cumbersome.  Trust me on this one.
Plain FUN !! It was just plain fun, to have fun with those who perform having fun, with people who are there to have fun. It is one of a kind sexy, engaging, interactive party that you would go to with your friends/bf/partner or by yourself and if you can't manage to shake a leg or an arm during the entire 65 minutes show, I am not sure what will !! As other reviews mention - no story line , just watch the performers and move as directed, sway to the music and get wet!
When I can go to a performance with my 61 year old father and we both have an amazing time, I know I've found some place special.  I've had friends ask me about this place on a couple occasions and it's very hard to convey in words what transpires here.  Think performance art meets club meets audience interaction meets an acid trip.  The best way to explain to friends and family what it's about is to go on youtube and pull up the official trailer.  Only then will your friends be left wondering why its simple enough to describe this place as "cool." Although it's a little cold now, if you're feeling like braving the elements afterward, bring an extra tee shirt and check it with your jacket.  There is a nice little surprise you can join in on at the end if you're daring enough.
In my mind De La Guarda was a five star show and I thought this was almost as good.  I loved it! It isn't for everyone, but I think for most people it is a can't miss experience.  It isn't your usual theater type show (it isn't a play or musical) and it is more of a psychedelic "trip" than Cirque du Soleil. I think most kids would love the experience, although I can see how some conservative parents would find it inappropriate.  It probably is not a good place to take an infant for several reasons including the fact that the audience is standing and moving throughout the show.  Therefore, if you have difficulty moving around and crouching down (not to mention ascending and descending stairs) in the dark, you may want to call ahead to find out whether the show will be "accessible" to you. We had a celebrity sighting - Josh Duhamel (sp). Go for it!
I liked FB but I think I liked De La Guarda better.  It was still worth seeing though.  These guys are so innovative.  It was a very beautiful show. We got rush tickets, which they sell at the box office 2 hours before the show started.  Rush tickets were $25 and they sell 20 for each show.  We got to the line about 3 hours before the show and just squeaked by - there were already a bunch of people in line.  You can also get $40 tickets on the Fuerzabruta facebook page. Have fun!
Come prepared to get wet and dance your ass off! (Not what you expect from the title or a typical NY show) Fuerza Bruta is a high-energy clusterfuck of a story told through dance, movement, water, music and more! Don't let anyone spoil the surprise of the show--see it for yourself!
I have to say that Fuerza Bruta was pretty intense once I came to my own understanding of what it was about to me. I couldn't understand what I was seeing in the beginning with so much running. Then BAM! Man down... Surely he's dead, right? But, he's back up and running again... BAM! Man down..   Scenes of this man running over and over, hitting obstacles as he goes. Running into wall after wall. It wasn't until you see the two women running around the walls sideways that I began to understand. Now he's back again, running. Tables and chairs are flying by him as he tries to hold on to them and not let them go. What's this about?   The ceiling lowers to reveal all of these girls splashing around overhead, diving through puddles of water, playing and having so much joy. Scenes of dancing and beautiful times had. It was a party atmosphere. What a life! But yet, the party ended and the man is running again. He has such an intense look on his face. It's a look of determination.   By this time, I knew I had to be onto what this was all about. This man was running for his life, but sadly, he didn't make it. The many times that I saw him get back up and run was him reliving that moment again and again. This man is almost dead.   He tries and tries to cheat death by seeing what he could do differently. He was watching his life flash before his very eyes. He sees the tables and chairs going by and tries to keep them from passing. He knows if he lets them go, that's another part of his life that is gone also. He will never be able to get it back.   People get out of his way! So many people are walking around him, bumping into him and getting in the way. MOVE! He wants to live! I can only imagine the scenes of the chase (with the two women on the wall) and all of the other girls in the water above us were visions of dementia. He was seeing his past and future and distorted views of the world he knew and what he is about to know very soon.   His last hold to the world he knew was the bed he lay dying in. He was so determined to hang onto it and not let it go. That is the present to him. He knows now that he is at the crossroads and he also knows how this is going to turn out. He hangs onto that bed and fights for all it's worth.   The bed is gone... All hope is gone.. His life is gone. It was a sad moment. Everything he knew was over. He had to face the facts. His life was over. No! it can't be! RUN! RUN!! RUN!!! I think by now he knew it was an already failed attempt before he even started.   Then, a turn of events. Who are these people coming down and running by his side? Were these people he knew from his past? were these friends or family that have already passed to the other side and were awaiting him? They must be.   He seems much calmer with them by his side. They stop him from running from death and show him the way to the other side. They climb up the stairs and there's a door. He peers through it and slams the door back shut. He's obviously scared and unsure. The others assure him that it's OK and hold his hands.   They reassure him that it's time and it is OK to let go.Then they all cross over together. It was beautiful. It ended with everyone coming out and bowing to the crowd and a good party of dance with all attendees involved. I think we (the audience) were the heavens greeting him with song and dance and welcoming him to the other side.   I have only seen this show once so far. I will be going again in two weeks to see it again! It was well worth the price of admission. You do get moved about the floor and it does get rather warm inside, so either check your jackets, or deal with the blustery cold outside if you go this winter.   I loved this show! The cast was beyond excellent! They interact with the audience as well. So, if you're ready to have a great experience, have a even greater time, get something smashed over your head and possible get wet... GO TO THIS SHOW! Work on your dance moves too. You might be one that gets picked to go up and be a part of the cast for a little while. I got my bald head rubbed :) That was enough for me this time around lol. Maybe next time I will be more eager to get more involved.   Please note that this is just MY interpretation of what this show is all about. I may have left bits and pieces out, but then again... I have only seen it once so far. I highly, Highly, HIGHLY recommend this show!
This is just one big party.  To fully enjoy this show... be prepared to step into what almost feels like a rave.  I dont want to ruin it... but dress comfortably and be open minded.  The show is intended for a much younger (adult) crowd.  You can find deals all over the internet... I wouldn't pay the $80 a ticket (bought mine for $35).
Thanks to Yelp for hooking me up with this outstanding performance... my friend and I left speechless.  There really are no words to describe it, it's really an experience and I'd highly recommend it.   We walked in with no idea what we were getting ourselves into - the anticipation alone was a lot of fun.  Lots of club music, flashing lights, lights, lights and water!  Lots o' water.  The whole show was full of energy, you never knew what to expect which I loved.  This is truly a New York experience, where else could you pile into a room, and be blasted with noise, paper, water and lights??? Definitely no where I know. In short, "Look Up", wear comfy shoes, be prepared to get wet, and there will be dancing! Oh and stick around after the show for 2 for 1 drinks ;)
Hands down, my favorite show. I've seen this show back in Buenos Aires so I have an idea about this show. So I brought my NY friends here and they kept asking me what's this all about. I told them to wait for the show and don't google it. And I was right, they were surprised how fun it is haha. DOWNSIDE: Geez... the rest of the spectators are freaking boring! booooooo! The more friends you're going to watch this show, the more fun it will be. And NO, I'm not telling you anything about this show. :-P
Fuerza Bruta is a very high energy show. It takes place in front of you, above you, involves the audience in a semi-interactive experience. You feel like you are part of the show and in effect you are. The performers are talented and acrobatic. You can't help but pick up on the energy of the show. I highly recommend the show. For those who may have seen it before the show is largely unchanged but they used to swoop into the audience from above and that is no longer part of the show which has shortened it to just a little longer than an hour. When you go wear comfortable shoes and clothes as you will stand for the show. You will most likely get wet, in fact it is better if you do.
This show was insanely dope. I enjoy every minute. It's interactive, keeps u on ur feet(literally) and u get wet! Your basically in a big space without knowing what's next. It's awesome. Then they have drink specials after the show. I like the water scene especially, the boys with us like that part also but more for the boobs lol. I would recommend it to all. You can get discount tickets for like 35. So ask about it.
I had tried and failed to see this in three different countries and finally stumbled across it in NY and was amazed to find it wasn't sold out (it has been in every other country I have been to). I am so glad I went to see it as it was truly a acid ridden dreamscape of a production.  Involving, overwhelming and novel. You have to go. PS you may want to bring a change of clothes if you really get into it...
Before I get into my review, a few things people should know BEFORE they buy a ticket: During the show the audience is standing the entire time (70 minutes) in a room while the performance occurs on the sides of the room, or else in elevated parts of the room.  At times they corral the audience to all move together to another area of the room.  If you are claustrophobic you'll want to always stay at the perimeter of the crowd and ideally closest to the one (non-emergency) exit. Two gunshots go off during the show.  If you want earplugs all the staff have extras to pass out if you request them. During the show there is sometimes fog and strobe lights. During parts of the show they spray water in a mist.  (Not bad if you are at the perimeter of the room, but if you are in front of the DJ booth you may get a bit more wet.)  But towards the end of the show, and more in the center of the room they actually dump 'buckets' of water on the crowd.  We did see some people leaving who were actually DRENCHED. As for the entertainment value, overall the show was pretty cool.  Clearly the performers are in great physical shape and great dancers. It's hard to describe 'what' the show is.  I guess it's just like nothing you've probably ever seen before....
Pretty interesting/awesome experience!  Kind of fell in love with the main guy (Alvaro Colom).  Loved the energy/vibe, and I wish that I had checked in my bag/sweater and had a beer beforehand.   I went to Fuerza Bruta via a LivingSocial deal for $49.  I'm glad that they extended it for a couple more months and especially glad that I was able to experience something so awesome before leaving NYC!  I just wish it was a little longer :(   I'd recommend trying to get tix 30 min before the show, they sell them at 50% off.  I don't want to write too much about the show because I think the surprise element is what makes it so great :)
I had no expectations because I had no idea what to expect, which I think is usually a good thing. Unlike most shows out there, even Cirque du Soleil shows, audience participation is usually minimal and/or planned. In the case of Fuerza Bruta, the audience is what makes the show what it is. The show was given the tag line, "Look up!" So guess what, you look up during part of the show, but this was the only part of the show that was expected. As we entered a black room with a DJ spinning, they do a great job of creating anticipation. Where is the show going to start? What the hell is going to happen? Bold and intense throughout, the show allows the audience to see parts of the show from different points of view. The show uses the audience as a way to change the space of the room and since the show happens all around the audience, it's more like the audience is right on stage with the performers. The show really is unlike anything I've seen and exceeded my non-existent expectations. The show brings out the inner-child and spirit from the whole audience and does a great job of mixing up everyone's day to day M.O. by spiking it with a clear sense of joy and life. YOU MUST EXPERIENCE IT!
Musical and Colorful show, they have few not challenged acrobatic parts   People are staining up and moving around I wasn't impress but some people like it
AMAZING TIME! they let you record the whole show if you'd like, but a video could never do justice to what the show actually is. If you are an energetic, open minded, out going, fun person, go to this show! its worth the money. If i could change anything, i probably would have gone during the summer time so i could get wet!
I loved this, but my date hated it.  So mileage may vary.  I think you need to go in with an open mind, and be OK with a primarily visual show that doesn't need to make much sense intellectually.  And bring a camera or use your phone to take pictures- the imagery created by the actors is amazing and to me worth seeing the show again. As others have said, you are on your feet the whole time, frequently shuffling around or jockeying for position.  This is a show you engage with, not a show you watch.
Saw it twice and will probably see it again. I love the message, the music (actually bought the soundtrack) and the performance that stimulates all senses.
This was great fun! So you get a little wet. So you have to stand for the show (it is only an hour long). It is different. It is fun. It is entertaining. I hope they come back with something bigger and better? I can't wait to see.
Bring earplugs, whatever you do.  The sound at this show was way too loud.  Also it gets way too hot in the space.  So overall it was an unpleasant physical experience. And show-wise, it's sort of cheap thrills:.  Ariel feats (rather ungracefully performed), hyped up stomping around, but no discernable theme tying the various feats together.  Just a bunch of non-sequitur acts.  And very annoying attempts at generating audience participation, a peculiar type of bullying.
Do yourself a favor and do not read any reviews. Just go see it. It is one of those shows where you will enjoy it more not knowing what to expect. Don't even look at any pictures of the show. Great show. One tip I would give is to stand in the middle.
I went to this show with my boyfriend because we heard from everyone that it was amazing. After the show was over, we were both left in tears. Okay not really, but we were both pretty disappointed. The beginning was cool at first because we didn't know what to expect, but everything was pretty disconnected. I felt like the performances were more fun for the people doing them than it was for us. There was nothing special about watching people run around in the air for a good 10 minutes or sliding through water for a good 20 minutes. I was about to ask my boyfriend to tell me if anything interesting was happening because my neck started hurting from looking up so much. It was also really crowded, and I actually didn't like shifting around so much because I'm pretty short, so my boyfriend had to pick me up during multiple occasions so I could see what was going on, which was never really much. People seemed to like the random dancing that took place, and I'll admit it was alright the first time when I got into it, but we would all just abruptly stop and then they would get us to do it again. I wasn't really feeling it, especially at the end when the show ended without any plot or meaning to anything that happened. The performances were more about pulling off stunts and tricks that weren't all that impressive, in my opinion. I also would like to mention that there was an abundance of what seemed to be like 14 year old girls dressed in skirts way too short, probably under the influence of alcohol, being really annoying throughout the show in multiple ways. What I did like about it was that boxes filled with confetti were smashed over people's heads, and the crew seemed like really awesome people. The music was also really awesome, and I won't complain about the strobe lights because they were awesome too.
I've been to quite a few on and off Broadway events (I say events because Fuerza Bruta is in no way close to a play or musical, but I'll get to that in a second) and I would defiantly say that Fuerza Bruta is one of my favorites!! I recommend wearing comfortable shoes, checking your bag and valuables at the coat check (I don't want to spoil anything, but you shouldn't take anything into the venue that may get damaged by water), and arriving early enough to get a good viewing spot (which is actually not a huge deal because you'll be moving around the space anyway). The show itself was great! The dancers were amazing and came into the audience to interact, which really shifted the dynamic of the show and made it just that much better. The music was fantastic and was remniscent of a dance club in Brazil or something! And there was such an eclectic array of "scenes." It's like a dance-theatre-club-party hybrid and it is such a good time!! I would certainly go again! As for the price, I got discounted tickets for $29 from the TKTs Booths and i'd say Fuerza Bruta was well worth it. I honestly can't think of anything negative to say about the show....except I wish I would have brought a towel ;-)
So incredibly lame! Anyone who ever saw the original show 'De La Guarda' (The same production company and set in the same theatre) about ten years ago, would tell you that Fuerza Bruta doesn't even come close. De La Guarda was AMAZING! I won't try to draw comparisons, but rather tell you what i think of Fuerza Bruta on it's own merit. There were a few visually striking images and the water pool segment is good, but goes on far too long. It's just a bunch of loud bells and whistles masking itself as "creative, edgy and energized". Totally pandering to the lowest common denominator. "We'll make it loud and fast with a bunch of booms and bright lights and pulsating house music" Give me a F#$cking break. No real AWE factor at all! Don't waste your money!
WORST SHOW EVER: the ticket is crazy expensive for what it offers, the show is lame and badly choreographed, the costumes are poor and the performers not good at all. To summarize: DIY CIRQUE DU SOLEIL IN A BATHTUB
I LOVED it 2 years ago, but I just saw it again tonight (see my VIDEO down) and I was very disappointed. First, they didn't do my favorite part with the metallic circle in the middle, and the people running around scene wasn't as good neither... :( I used to talk about it like the best show I had ever seen and that's why I came back to NYC to see it again. I was so sad not to see the same quality of show. I found it very repetitive and more empty cause they didn't replace the scene they cut by new one, other booooo! Anyway, if you have never seen it, I invite you to do so, it's good, but don't spend 80$. Find a way to pay half price (by going there or on the web) cause it's not worth 80$. Here is the video I made to give you an idea of the show in 2011: youtube.com/watch?v=sKKD…
BEST show I've ever seen.  Y F. has the best review on here with regards to what to expect and things to do.  I got my tickets half off with a drink ticket from GiltCity and I was extremely happy we had a drink right before the show - it got us loose and ready for the most different and engaging show I've been to.  Be prepared to get involved whether voluntary or not as the performers will definitely bring people on stage or engage you in other ways.  If you are claustrophobic, think twice before coming to this show as there will be many people and you'll definitely be crowded together for various points in the show.  It gets hot at times as well, but it's all part of the show.   The videos and clips on the website give good examples of the type of performance to expect, but there are some great hidden gems of talent and surprises in this show.  I would recommend to dress casually - I wore gym pants, a tshirt, and sneakers - especially if you plan on getting as involved as you can (which I suggest)!   I would definitely go back again, but would not look to pay the entire $90.  There are deals all over the place, just takes a bit of looking to score them. Definitely a good show to see on a Sunday night when you are feeling relaxed and not yet ready for the work week.  I went at 7PM and the show got me all revved up and ready for the week ahead.  Highly recommend going to see this treasure! Tip to all - SHOWER or use deordorant before seeing this show as no one wants to smell your odor in such close cooridors!
For those not into Broadway, this is for you.  I like to call this a mixture between a dance party, club, and cirque du soleil.  Warning - you could get a little wet!  You do have to look up a lot so I hope you don't have a bad back.  Look for deals because there are discounts everywhere for this!
Wow!...everybody has said what I wanted to say...so go see it for yourself. I think it's the best $ I spent this month. DIFFERENT is the world and intrigueing...almost mesmerizing! Loved the music and the energy! Awesome show guys!
INTENSE!! We went last Saturday and while I was feeling a bit under the weather ... it was a great show. It is amazing to watch - so many colors, textures and acts flying through the air. And while I am not the most "artsy" person and have yet to understand the theme of the show I was hooked. My favorite part had to be the water display .. a group of women use a large plastic pool as a slip and slide .. only a few inches above your head. (And yes .. some people are GROSS and do not know how to appreciate art - they get KICKED OUT.) It was a great experience and I would recommend it to anyone. NOTE: You are standing for 70 minutes .. and while they do play some "clubish" music .. this is NOT a club .. so please leave your trashy stiletto boots and hooker attire at home .. I'm just saying!
Simply the best off Broadway show out there! Hell, I think it's the best show out there... period. It is a genre-bending thriller of a performance. It is interactive and high-octane, and it keeps you guessing at almost every moment as to what might be next. It heightens your nerves and excites your senses. And for the details- it is an hour and 15minutes from start to finish. I took my mom and sister to this show and they absolutely loved it. It was the highlight of their trip. So the show appeals to all types of people; believe me the three of us have very different tastes! If I weren't with my mom or sister, I may have tried using some mind altering substances to further enhance the show. I'll Leave that to your imagination, but I think it would be cool to try. Getting back to the show the originality of the sequences and the athleticism of the performers stood out to me along with the elaborate sets. All in all it is a must do if you are visiting/living in Manahttan. For discount tickets just google "Fuerzabruta discounted tickets." It is $75 if you don't; however, with the discount it is a well spent $45.
I went to Fuerza Bruta a week after seeing Traces (see review here: yelp.com/biz/traces-new-…) I may have had huge expectations from this show and may be thats why I am disappointed. T he performers seemed to have a lot of energy with the music and the dancing. But in general, the show was kind of 'eh!'. The concept is different and honestly, we ended up going because of a half off GroupOn. May be I would have enjoyed it more. But, after people stepping on my toes, someone actually farting in the crowd that it smelled so bad and neck strain from looking above... enough said.
Best enjoyed if you are: - part of a high school field trip with all your friends or - looking for a 'get me in the mood for dancing' night with already some pre-gaming substance in your system but not too much so that you're ready straight for the club or - on a hot date to do 'something different', like dance to techno w/ disco lights in public while being hosed with water (allows for a lot of tension build-up which I witnessed all around me...) I wasn't any of this, maybe that's why the average star rating. Although the different parts were interesting for the first couple of minutes, they each dragged on for too long. There's only as long I enjoy looking at a guy in a tie running for his life and breaking thru a paper barricades. Do not go: - with your folks and/or other older family members unless playing a joke on them - if you have neck problems and can't look up for an extended period of time, or any other physical difficulties - if you just straightened your hair and don't want to get it wet.
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!! eye candy for the soul! Every human being needs to see Fuerza Bruta. It is like a dream come alive. I love how engaging it was!!!!! AWesome Awesome Awesome! ps....great cheap drinks after the show. 2 for $5!!! talk about recession prices. hahaha
I've seen this show twice now and it gets me every time! I know people complain about the standing, but it's only for an hour and there's so much to watch and participate in you don't even feel it (although I wouldn't recommended this if you don't like large crowds). There's so many unique aspects to this show (from the use of aerial tricks - to the dancing - to audience participation). I just love the fact that, in the end, it's just a big dance party and you get to dance in the rain with all of the company members. Don't forget comfortable shoes! :)
What an amazing show! It was so powerful and full of energy. It's like a very trippy version of stomp. To fully enjoy the show you must participate! I don't want to ruin it for everyone but it suffices to say that this was one of the most unique shows I have ever seen. Don't miss it! It's ending in Jan 2013!
It's more of an immersive experience rather than going to a show, like being in a big club with action taking place all around. On moving platforms, on the walls, curtains,  around and under that big slide pool that takes over the center of the space at one point. Everyone stands throughout the whole thing. Getting wet is optional. Getting drunk first, or at least buzzed, would probably heighten it's enjoyment.
If you have never been, some of my review may be a small spoiler for you so please be aware!!! Hands down, my favorite show. Why? You ask... Well its very simple my friend.  Fuerza Bruta (Brute Force) is action packed fun!  I think the reason people love it so much is because you're not only getting a show but you feel like you're in a club.   The music is great, people are dancing and hopefully that is including you (you're standing for the duration of the show).   The cast, oh my the cast is full of wonderful people who were fun to interract with.  I go to see this show every chance I get. Its family friendly with the occasional boob slip due to the women wearing loose clothing in water.  I say, go go go!
I've been here for 5 times ... And each time it is incredible! Amazing! Inspiring! Yes, you stand for an hour, but it is not quite standing, you are moving, interacting, dancing under the "rain"))) the performance shows our life in the reality- it is tough to be by yourself, it is easier when you have somebody by your side... And in order to coop with all the bad things in your life- JUST DANCE!!!! Fuerza- power, brutta- force!!! Just enjoy your life even if it is not so perfect!!! Staff is amazing!!! I've been fueled with positive emotions each time I was there!!! So sorry they are closed... Waiting for upcoming shows))
Well this is obviously a different experience than your casual day out watching a broadway show. Fuerza Bruta: Look up was a great experience, its something different and something new than I am used to. This was an interactive show, so be ready to dance! The vibe was amazing, everyone was happy! I loved it!
I'm still not totally sure how I feel about fuerza bruta, but maybe it's because I really didn't know what to expect.  It's definitely a fun alternative to a broadway and something fun to do in NYC, especially if you are coming from out of town or want to bring some friends visiting the city.  They definitely play off an element of surprise.  You really have no idea what is going on the entire time, and when it is over you still don't really know what happened.  There isn't a plot at all, it's just a bunch of spectacular displays that play off of your senses.  A lot of it was really cool, and it was definitely unique. I guess the reason I am giving it 3 stars is just because I felt like it was a little all over the place.  I loved all the displays and it was definitely cool, but I think it would be cool if there was some type of overall plot or progression of events or something.  You basically watch all this crazy stuff, move around, ooohhh-ahhhh, dance party at the end, get sprayed with water, and tada! It's over.   If I was coming back I would definitely come with a large group of friends and definitely be somewhere between tipsy and drunk.  It really was more of like a high spirited party, so if you weren't expecting that it may catch you off guard.  Also, do not pay full price for tickets!! You can get them for about half price on groupon, gilt city, and I'm sure other websites.  They have a little bar area open before the show, so you can get there early and have a few drinks.  You stand the whole time, so be expecting that as well.  I would also say that this is not a good place to bring kids.  There were some kids at the show I went to and they really seemed a mixture of terrified/miserable/confused and I doubt they could see anything anyway because everyone is just standing in the open theatre.  I think young people who are trying to dance and have fun and be wild would enjoy this.  Some crowds with definitely hate it, just depends on what group you identify with.   Overall I wasn't disappointed, I just wasn't overly impressed.
I saw this last night. It's definitely cool except I felt a bit out of place when the rave-like dancing part started. I also dont like to stand when watching a show or be pushed around like a herd of cattle. other than that the water part was cool! I'm gonna get one installed in my apt.
Last summer my boss gave me two tickets to see this show because he thought it would be right up my alley.  I loved everything about the show, especially how interactive it was for the audience.  My favorite part was the rain storm at the end where everyone begins dancing in the rain.  You don't HAVE to participate, so make sure you are not in the middle if you don't want to get drenched (however, it makes it so much more fun, in my opinion).  FYI, If you are planning on partaking in the festivities, make sure you check your purse if you're a lady and empty your pockets of anything you don't want to get wet (i.e. cellphone) if you're a guy!  Can't wait to go see this again.
This is definitely one of the most amazing off broadways that I've ever been to. The dancers are interactive with you and it just feels like one big dance party. They'll come on the floor and get you to dance and move with them. The show ignited all my senses. It really was an amazing experience. Its a MUST SEE.
What the heck did I just see?? Lol.    We were sent her w tickets as gifts and a very strange buildup by the giftors.  Don't usually like surprises but I decided to just let this one roll.   Pretty glad I  did. Crazy eye candy..makes cirque look sane. Be ok w dark and small spaces. But go on the journey..you'll be talking about it for a while,
The show is absolutely breath taking.  There is just so much going on visually that leaves you no choice but to be mentally overwelmed.  I love how interactive it is and the pure energy that each cast member exudes. I have seen this show a couple times and recommend it to all of my friends.  Also Usher recently filmed his music video Scream at the show as well.  If you are on the fence, I strongly recommend you go, you will not regret it.
It was an interesting experience - very cool in concept but in execution, felt a little repetitive. Unique no double. Amazing soundtrack and music - I even bought the CD! There was mostly 3 aspects - a guy running and hitting walls, women in a fish tank and dancers. the first felt monotonous after the first ten minutes, the second felt a little weird looking at humans as if you were looking at dolphins and the third was extremely energetic!
AMAZING! I just keep telling my friends about it and convincing them they should see it, that's how good it is. I loved every minute of it. :)
Wow!   You really can't elaborate too much without giving away the show... Ladies 1)if your wearing uncomfortable shoes be prepared to be in pain because you will stand the whole time!              2) If you are one of those that worry about water touching your hair this may not be the best show for you.... With that said if you check in on Foursquare tickets are $38.50 and if you stand in the rush line before the show tickets are only $28 I believe... You will be standing trying to figure out what the hell is going on when it first starts.. and you will probably say that 30 minutes into the performance as well. HOWEVER, if you are spontaneous, dont like the run of the mill typical show, and love an Ibiza  type atmosphere( or at least are curious to experience it just once) then you are in the right place!!!! Bottom line- Loved It! Check it out! High Energy Performance! Get into the show, participate, and it will be twice as good!!!
Go! Go yelpers! Go forth and experience the sensory tsunami that is fuerzabruta. is it a party? is it a look into the dreams of corporate paper pushers? it is a slip and slide exposition? is it even real? there are no words for this show. just go see it. you'll be met not only with an hour or so of pure entertainment but you'll be left wondering about what you just saw and what it means. i can't wait to go back.
One of the most amazing shows I have ever seen! I've been a big fan of all the Cirque de Soleil shows in Vegas, but Fruezabruta blew my mind!  There is no way to completely describe this show.  INTENSE comes to mind. The interaction of performers with the crowd is amazing.  Be ready for something you've never experienced before.
Pretty cool experience. You've gotta try it - but just once. The best thing about this show is that there is no stage, there is no single direction to face, and there are no seats. You're moving. The audience moves as various props seem to appear out of nowhere - a treadmill in midair with someone speeding down it, dancers running around on the walls and a giant transparent swimming pool descending from above. It's an awesome experience. That being said, the downside is that if you're looking for too much more than awesome effects, you may be at a loss. I didn't quite feel that satisfying kick of closure, or a story told, or a real ending. Kind of leaves you hanging with a "what was that all about?" But all that jumping and dancing ...is so much FUN.
A little too weird/abstract for my liking, but it kept me entertained for the most part. I was one of the lucky people who got a box of confetti hit over my head. That was fun. If you don't want to be hit, don't make eye contact with them. If you do, they will beeline right to you. Fuerza Bruta's tagline is "Look Up," and you'll be doing plenty of that... so much that your neck will most likely hurt a bit by the end. The water ceiling thing is cool for the first couple of minutes or so, but then it just gets repetitive and you're like, "OK, next." That's how I felt about most parts of the show. Then again, I'm someone who likes dialogue and knowing what's actually going on. I got tickets through a deal site for about $35. I'm glad I didn't pay full price.
OMG! Soooo good! Unbelievable use of water. Great use of space. Good audience interaction. There are no seats when you first walk in. It is just a large space with darkness and lights and people, smoke, wind, and water. You lose your senses in the humidity of the crowd. Then the guy comes out, and then - okay, i can't spoil it for you b/c that would be wrong, but it was really good. Very violent, or brutal, to the senses, but awakening also. There are acrobatics, dancing, raving (amongst the crowd), things that fly, people that fly, confetti,... just go. Go with a group of friends. Some of the most fun I had was discussing the show afterwards and analyzing the various scenes and going more into depth about it. Art is fun. Art + friend = better. If you have a fear of small spaces, or getting trampled by people, honesty, I'm not sure I'd recommend this for you, but otherwise, definitely worth checking out!
Fuerza Bruta  was unlike any other show I've seen before on and off broadway. 7 of my friends decided to check this show out and we had an amazing experience. It's so many component mixed into one show. It's like your watching a performance but then at times you are in the performance. It's a mixture of a circus, a club, a rave, an underwater experience. It's a different form of dance ranging from contemporary to modern. Unlike most plays you have no seats. You're basically moved around a dark room and the stage is where you are. I just remember one minute I was watching people swimming in water in the ceiling and soon after the stage was transformed into a rave and we were dancing like crazy. I felt like it didn't really have a set storyline but it did. I really don't know how to explain it. Anyhow. Check it out! Try something new, put on a cocktail dress ( for the ladies), grabs some drinks, let your hair down and enjoy the show!
We arrived almost 10 minutes into the performance which turned out to be okay because that meant no waiting in line.  Even though we were towards the back, the vantage point is still good because they make use of the whole space, often moving people around and changing direction. Fuerza Bruta is like nothing I've ever seen before.  It's weird and makes no sense at all.  Some of the "skits" were more entertaining than others.  I thought the water thing dragged on a bit too long, partly because your neck does ache after a while.  But it is a creative concept and the music is really cool.   Tickets were only $37.50 from Goldstar.  Not sure I'd be happy paying for full price for this.  Make sure you wear comfortable shoes and a small purse.  You'll get bumped into a lot.  And remember this show isn't for everybody.  We were next to a couple who looked flabbergasted the entire time.  They clearly did not have fun and did not enjoy being herded around.  If you go, just accept the fact that you'll be transported to Bizzaro World for an hour and that you'll never get that time back.
Fuerza Bruta is a truly captivating show and spectacle.  It is a marriage between Cirque Du Soleil and a rave, and it's marriage ends in a complete and beautiful feast for the eyes.  There is no true story behind the performance but each vignette leaves your eyes wide open in awe.   For 70 minutes you are on your feet maneuvering around a dark and intimate room where you are up close and personal with the actors.  Actors soar and swim above your heads and bright lights, water, confetti all give the show a vibrant texture that I really have not seen before any other interactive performance.  If you are lucky you maybe chosen to fly above the audience as well.   I left this show completely mesmerized.  Photography is permitted so be sure to snap a couple of shots, especially during the swimming scenes.   And lastly, never pay full price for this show as there are always deals on Groupon and Lifebooker.  For $40 you will completely think this show is worth the money.
I loveeddd it! It was so much fun and interactive! I wish it was longer! At certain points there seemed to be too many people in there and wayyy too hot! I wish there were more shows like this!
Tips for a great experience: - Find discounted tickets online if they're available - Dress for a nightclub or bar but not a cocktail party - Wear shoes that are comfortable standing and dancing in for 2 hours (closed toe would be best) - Go with people who like to dance or party, or at least someone who appreciates a party atmosphere with loud music and lots of people crowded together - Arrive closer to show time and enjoy 2 for 1 drink specials AFTER the show - Go to the bathroom before you move into the performance space - If you want a more intense and interactive experience, stay closer to the middle of the room. Stay to the edges of the room if you prefer to observe more. - No matter where you stand, be prepared to move around the room quickly as needed. - There are some points where guests may get wet and it usually happens closer to the center of the room- it's up to you to stay or move away. - Most of the action happens above eye level, so expect to look up a lot - Take less photos and experience more of it directly, because you can miss a lot if you're looking at your little screen rather than the entire scene
Price: $40 (courtesy of Yelp discount) This is what liberal arts is all about. It is a show with no plot, no lesson and almost zero dialogue. Fuerza Bruta is one big party... or a huge enabler, catharsis - to one big party. Passive aggressiveness, shyness, ironed clothing, headaches, pinchy shoes, huge shopping bags, major claustrophobia, lugging a suitcase and a great need for personal space may not work for this environment. You are one with the crowd. You will move around a lot, squished, toes stepped on and dancing is strongly encouraged. If you do get to snap pictures (you're not supposed to) they will be absolutely beautiful and ethereal looking. You will stand the entire hour on one level, so it works for people over say 5ft.   Not for everyone - for the open minded and great for out of towners. $80 is a bit steep; $40 felt just right.
This is unlike anything I have ever seen. It was a combination of interactive theater, synchronized swimming, an Ecstasy trip, a Mark Romanek video, a laser light show and a tribal drum demonstration. The performers were definitely fearless since ( even taking into account their harnesses) they seemed unperturbed to be flinging themselves through the air and walking on pieces of rotating plastic. The fact that the stage, the performances and even the audiences were constantly rotating added to the excitement. In addition to the talented performers, the electrician and lighting crew did an outstanding job since in addition to making sure the alien-like smoke, strobe lights and sound effects ramped up the excitement. Plus they had to make sure none of the performers were electrocuted, which, considering the amount of water involved in the show, is quite a feat.
My best friend took me here as a total surprise and I was blown away!  Anyone from wide-eyed tourists to jaded New Yorkers will enjoy this bizarre and energetic show. Have drinks before (you won't be able to drink during).  Wear comfortable clothes and shoes, don't bring a big purse or backpack or camera (you will get wet).
We came here for Wayra Fuerza Bruta and it was definitely an experience. Without giving away the show it was a combination of cirque and a rave. The music was good and the scenes were very visually pleasing. Didn't get the story but I'm not artsy so I wasn't surprised that I missed it. If you want the most bang for your buck try and get to the center of the show. Think center of a circle. The more you get into the show the better the experience. Glad I tried it out. We were standing the whole time so be prepared for that.
Imagine you saw a bizarre dream last night, you remember what was happening but do not understand what was the cause or the nature of the events, more over there was no clear connection between them. Just a chain of events bringing out a broad range of emotions. I think this would description suits the show pretty well. The first (non-water part) of the show carries great ideas and emotional charge, which most of New Yorkers can relate to, but full of  scenic  repetitions and, in my opinion, lack of action. The second part, on the other hand, is full of action and water splashes, which make it very exciting. So, go and enjoy your weird dream!
The cast of the Mob Wives were here today (7/7/2014) for the 8PM showing. GOOD FOR THEM. YIPPY. But as soon as I realized I would have to waste my precious time, watching them walk from one side of the room to the other, then to pretend to have accidentally bumped into each other, and then to memorize whatever lines they had to act out, I WAS LIVID. I WAS PISSED!!!!!!!!!!! WHO DO THEY THINK THEY ARE TO THINK THAT IT'S OKAY TO WASTE ALL OF OUR TIME? I don't waste a second of my time watching them on television, I sure as hell wasn't going to waste my time watching them now. And because of the damn camera crew's lights, the show couldn't start promptly at 8PM, as scheduled. It was 8:15PM, and we were all just expected to stand around and wait for these big-breasted Italian mobster wives/girlfriends to finish whatever they were filming. At 8:20PM, people were starting to get impatient and I took a few of the staff to the side and voiced my complaint. I asked if my ticket could be comped for another evening, since I did not waste any more time waiting for the cameramen to turn off their cameras, so to not interfere with the show. At 8:30PM, I, along with many other people who were waiting for the show to start, started boo'ing and chanting 'GET OUT. GET OUT. GET OUT.' and when that wasn't enough for the Fuerza Bruta staff to usher the cameramen and Mob Wives out, I knew that I had to speak to management. The management coughed it up to 'technical difficulties' when in reality, we all know that it was just a lame attempt at a horribly executed marketing scheme. SUCH A WASTE OF MY TIME.
Waited a long time to come to this show, but it was worth it. The music, dancing and lights are amazing! Be prepared to get wet and be close to strangers. Soo much fun!!
My neck is stiff after watching this show, but it was very worth it.  Do not expect to sit during the show, you will be standing for a good 90 minutes.  Make an appointment with your physcial therapist or masseuse prior. There is no plot, just dancers and people hanging around and spining and some more dancing. I have no idea what everything meant, but I guess it's up to the audience to decide. Felt like I was in the club, MOMA (Museum of Modern Art), and a rave concert. This show is more like an art form, very different and interactive dancers keep the audience moving around the space. Try to find discounts on various site, $100 regular admission is not worth it.  Comp'd tickets from Yelp!  Thanks Yelp!
I am not a "show" kind of guy but I LOVE this show!  So much so that I have seen it SEVEN times!  I'll give you guys out there a tip:  This is a great date spot!  Quick, one hour show that is very entertaining and will definitely give you a lot to converse about afterwards.  I recommend you go to Max Brenner down the street after the show for some chocolate and snacks; guaranteed to be a top-notch date!
Some tips when you go to this wonderful show: 1. Wear comfortable clothes, you need to move around and you get wet. 2. Wear sensible shoes, you'll be standing the entire time - there are no seats. 3. If you have any medical conditions that make it difficult to be around smoke pots and lots of flashing lights, rethink going to this show. 4. Check in your bags, you can't put anything on the floor in the performance space.   5. Pictures are allowed,, but be courteous about it.  NO flash photography! SPOILERS BELOW Walking out of Fuerza Bruta (thanks Ruggy!) I was already formulating my Yelp review.  I kept thinking words like "Awesome!" and "Amazing!" but none of them seemed to do the show justice.  I finally settled on Phantasmagorical.  Let's go through the dictionary.com definition step by step shall we? 1. having a fantastic or deceptive appearance, as something in a dream or created by the imagination. - CHECK!  Imagination abounds in this narrative that exists (almost) without dialogue but rather everything is expressed through actions, facial expressions, music and amazing set pieces.  Part of your brain tries to figure out what's going on, but just as you think you've gotten a handle on a guy running on a treadmill tearing through walls, you're suddenly faced with a couple trying to break a gigantic barrier to get to each other and so on. 2. having the appearance of an optical illusion, especially one produced by a magic lantern. - CHECK!  The set pieces in this show are amazing.  The treadmill in the center of the room is striking as the key character in the piece runs alongside and *through* set pieces launched at him.  One of the most amazing pieces in the show is an actual pool that is suspended above the audience and you watch four dancers move through it, giving you a surreal visual experience.   3. changing or shifting, as a scene made up of many elements. - CHECK!  There are about seven set pieces (depending on how you count them) including musical interludes.  The four primary sets are dramatic shifts from one another and make you look all around the room from left, to right and even UP! If you want a wonderful experience that will surprise you, scare you, make you laugh and make you wonder, this is the show for you!
One of the most amazing theater experiences you'll ever have. I can't recommend it highly enough. I flew to NY one weekend in February to do 2 things: Check out grad school and see Fuerzabruta. Totally, totally worth it. I want to describe it more, but the best way to describe it without giving away too much is Cirque de Sole where you're onstage. Awesome.
Lights! Air horns! Sensory overload! Yelp brought us to Wayra Fuerza Bruta for a show last week. Little did we know we would be entering a filming of the oh-so popular reality show "Mob Wives" in the midst of flying acrobats and loud bass and drums music. I didn't know what to expect and it's a good thing I didn't enter with high expectations because I would've definitely left even more disappointed. While the concept and stage are cool, the show relies solely on sensory overload and had no actual story. While I thought the pool scene was new and interesting, both me and my boyfriend agreed that the show lacked continuity and was an elaborate collection of "smoke and mirrors." A few notes about the show: The center of the room is the best viewing space, but be ready for neck pains afterwards, as half the show requires you to look straight up. If you don't want to get absolutely soaked, make sure to stay away from center stage during the finale. The people in black shirts WILL move you if you're in the way. Acknowledge the first shoulder tap as they don't ask twice and will physically move you if you're in the way. If Big Ang is watching the show with you, her reactions are sometimes more entertaining than the acts themselves. Get the Groupon if you want to experience it yourself, but I definitely wouldn't pay full price. For $100 a pop, I recommend a show like "Sleep No More" 1000% over Fuerza Bruta. Now the mystery of the loud music at Union Square is solved!
I've been to this show twice, and I NEVER have been to any production twice.   Fuerzabruta is amazing; it's what New York City feels like to me a lot of the time.  It starts out with walking, running through walls, getting shot down but getting back up to do it all over again and ends with a dance party in the rain.  After my first experience, I left feeling ecstatic about life.   The second performance was a must because I HAD to make sure my boyfriend saw it.  Also, I wanted to get back in there with a camera (yes - the allow cameras!).  It was just as good, if not better than the first time because I knew what was coming and instead of being dumbfounded the entire time, it was a party.   A few notes - you stand up, so wear comfortable shoes (I don't get why there were so many women in 3 1/2" heels at this show).  If you want to get wet, you DEFINITELY can, and if you want to stay dry, you'll probably get a little misted on if you're far away from the DJ. Go.  It's worth it.
Honestly not worth the ticket price for a amateur theater goer like me .If I didn't get the ticket for free, I would be upset that I paid $100 for a ticket like this. I know it's a lot of work for the artists and those who put the show together. I totally appreciate their work. Here we go with the run of my experience. When we go there, it was like 10 minutes before the show starts and pretty much they want you to wait in the lounge area for some SUPER overpriced drinks. (advise: go elsewhere for a drink or walk around before the show starts. Be there like 5 minutes early or just on time since they don't really start on time.) Lucky I was with my gf so we just chill and stand around like everyone else. DON'T buy a drink if are there 10 minutes before the show start because you will need to swallow it down. You are not allow to bring the drink into the show area. When we get into the "show area", it's dark and everyone are standing. We have to wonder when the show start for 10 minutes after everyone got into the room. Therefore, I am suggesting to be right on time since I am not sure if they will let the late comers in. btw hold onto to something because the show will start with a boom. loud music. packed guests standing in the middle. If you are a fan standing around listening to loud sound, this is good for you. Pretty much the whole show is fancy lighting and loud sound. I don't see any meaning in this beside showing you some brutal things happened in life generally. you need to be h*gh to watch this. About getting wet. I was misled. you will get wet if you want to. other than that, you can't get really wet if you listen to the staffs and walk away. Price wise. Totally not worth it if i have to pay for it. Save the money and buy your date a meal or just walk outside and look at NYC. it's loud and pack with light show. don't bring your kids.
I'll admit I was pretty confused for most of the show but I really enjoyed watchingn the different ways the show tried to tickle your senses. It's definitely a show you will only watch once but I'm glad I did it.
Wayra Fuerza Bruta was pure sensory overload that I'm still struggling to put into words. Part Cirque du Soleil-style acrobatics, part club rave, part immersive theater, I've never seen a dance performance quite like this one! Imagine: five beautiful female dancers suspended on an irridescent plexiglass plate just inches above your head. The plexiglass is covered with an inch or two of water, giving you the sensation that you're watching the dancers from the bottom of a swimming pool. The dancers do swan dives, roundhouse kicks, and perfectly choreographed tucks and spins in an amazing show of synchro-swimming. Fuerza bruta (Brute strength!) is aptly named! Another segment involves a concentric, four-story tall foil ring surrounding the audience, where dancers suspended on harnesses engage in a fight/tango sequence overhead. The finale involves the male lead being suspended and floating mid-air in a vertical vacuum-like tube structure, like something out of NASA's astronaut training camp. What does it all mean? Who knows! There isn't much plot or storyline to speak of, just pure dance adrenaline. The experience overall is exhilarating - you won't be seated for even one minute of the performance! Expect to be literally "herded" like cattle by the staff as they expertly maneuver between one breathtaking scene and the next. Is it worth $100 for an hour-long show? I'm skeptical. If you loved Sleep No More or similar immersive shows, you will love Fuerza Bruta. If you're just looking for more run-of-the-mill entertainment along the lines of more mainstream theater, the price is a bit steep and I'd consider looking elsewhere. THANK YOU YELP FOR THE FREE TICKETS! Fuerza Bruta was a thrill ride I won't soon forget.
This show is a combination of performance art, rock music, and a high energy dance club. The crowd is constantly moving around the space and you don't even realize that you are standing for the full show. As long as you are not claustrophobic. so see this show!
Everyone's complaints are valid: 1. You'll experience potential neck strain - to see some visually stimulating imagery, dashing dancers on iridescent curtains, slippery bodies sliding on watery plexiglas and more. 2. There is no plot - strange scenes happen here and there with no real tie between acts.  But maybe there's really no plot just woven artistic scenes designed to elicit emotion from the audience: happiness, wonderment, claustrophobia and joy. 3.  You'll stand the entire time - the staff will shuffle you around to make room for the different sets and design.  It's annoying but forces you to pay attention, to participate and to experience the set just a little bit more. 4.  This is not a Cirque de Soleil show, but it doesn't claim to be.  There are no fantastic demonstrations of acrobatic artistry.  It is however, full of a cast of actors and dancers whose high energy is absolutely infectious.  You'll find yourself clapping to the beat and eyes always expectant for the next marvel. 5.  I wouldn't pay $100 for this - I totally agree.  The show was exactly an hour (due to the terrible Mob Wives) and while at times beautiful and entertaining, is not worth the full admission.  Those who love experiential shows may find it worth the discounted fare.  (Thanks for the ticket though, Yelp!)
Was able to see the show for free courtesy of studentrush.org. Got myself prepared by reading the reviews and watching a clip of the performance before the show. I am glad to say that I was pleasantly thrilled. It's such a unique performance that you would be happy to tell people you have experienced it. The water show was amazing and trust me you would wish you were a performer instead! And yes, follow the advice of many others: wear comfy shoes and casual clothes that you wouldn't mind getting wet. Get a drink or two before the show but don't get drunk =)
I saw the original Fuerza Bruta show last year and the "updated" Wayra show this past weekend. I agree with other reviewers that Wayra is not all that different from the original show, but I still enjoyed the experience because I brought a different friend along who hadn't seen the original show. Two things of note: 1. I highly recommend a Sat night 10pm show. The audience was a lot more fun during that show than the 7pm show and honestly, dancing around as an audience is a good portion of the fun. There were a lot of too-cool-for-school hipsters late teens / early 20somethings at the 7pm show who just stood around looking bored. Total buzz kill. 2. Assuming you don't care about your personal space, I had a better experience when I was towards the middle of the pack, rather than the edge.
Music and sound were awesome but the show was alright. I guess I was expecting more! I love art so I respect what they do and the entire idea behind having such a show but it was a bit below my expectations. I am glad I paid half price for it!! One more thing off my NYC bucket list!
I must say what an experience. I've read so many reviews prior and had been eyeing the show for some time now since it had been advertised on LivingSocial and Groupon quite often. I finally went on a Wednesday night for 20at20.com's $20 ticket deals. Thank you 20at20 because it was a great $20 spent for an Off Broadway show. Like many people have said, there was absolutely an abundance of sensory overload. Lights, sounds, and art. First part was like a concert where you're standing, but then you're tilting your head trying to make sense of what is happening, but no matter how hard you try it won't make sense but that is ok, because it's still grabbing your attention. A few warnings, the show is a standing performance for about 90 minutes and you do get a little wet. I do suggest probably going on a Friday/Saturday night and pretend it is a dance club. The energy level of the audience on a Wednesday could definitely use some help. This is an interactive performance so the more energy, the more fun. One of the dancers went up to a man and tried to dance with him, but he completely ignored her... that's not too nice. For the artsy photographers out there, this place is your chance to capture so much interesting photos. You'll have swimming and flying girls above you, smoke every where, rain, etc. I would definitely go again on a Friday/Saturday night and pretend I was going to a club. However, for the original 99$, I do not think I would have gone. $20 any day or discounted. If you want to be drenched wet, I would bring a pair of extra clothes =]
Rating: 3.5*'s I saw this a bit over a month ago because I was able to buy the tickets 1/2 price thanks to Goldstar. I found out the regular price is $75/ea which after seeing the show, my friend and I thought was overpriced. I think the show was no longer than an hour which is a bit short given how pricey the ticket is. Don't come dressed to the nines because there is a high possibility you will get wet or covered in confetti. I saw De La Guardia which I enjoyed a LOT and was excited to see this production. I like that it was very organized and the staff was very helpful and nice without any 'tude. If you want to be in the center of the action and don't mind being drenched with water then definitely check your coat in and stand in the center. My friend and I stood on the edge to avoid getting drowned in water and confetti. I really enjoyed the music and the sound system was fabulous! I felt like I was at a rave party. We were herded around like cattle through out the entire show which was okay. The performance itself was 'meh'. I still like De La Guardia though....
Note: this review is for the original Fuerza Bruta off broadway show in Union Square, not the "Wayra" reboot that is currently running and being advertised around the city. The show was intense, super creative, fast paced, and innovative.  It is sort of a crazy mix somewhere between Cirque du Soleil and a techno dance party.  Audience participation sure was quite interactive and fun.  Prepare to move around a lot, follow simple direction, and dance! I will just take off -1 star for the story or lack thereof which I felt they could have done more with.  You don't really get much of a connection with the characters. The show is almost entirely about the visuals, music, and innovative dance concept which was still awesome.  You never really know what acrobatic dance spectacle will happen next. You used to be able to find ticket deals on Groupon and LivingSocial and other discunt sites for around $40 which wasn't bad.  Not sure about these days (went last year).
Loved everything about this show.  There are no seats and the action is happening all around you so you get totally immersed in it.  Me and all of my friends were dancing and having an amazing time right along with the performers. If you are a shy person you might want to get a few drinks in you before you see this!
We got free tickets to Wayra from a friend a few hours before the show .. We had absolutely no clue what to expect. I was told by a colleague to wear comfy shoes as you watch the show while standing! At first - we found standing with a huge crowd in a theatre quite bizarre but then by the second act we got used to this bizarreness ! The acts are impressive, engaging and fun .. Time flew by very quickly as the acts were well timed ... 3 stars because they can work on the story line to make it a little clearer .. At some point, we all were made to sit on the floor but for nothing - that left the audience fairly confused. All in all - my husband and I enjoyed the show a lot but wouldn't recommend paying  original price of 99 dollars for it !
We caught the show on new years eve so it was a fun and lively crowd.  Neither of us were sure what to expect but once it started, we really got into it.  You have to stand and move around for the performance to make way for the performers and props and that was really cool. At the end, we danced in the middle of the floor and got pretty soaked which kind of sucked because it was chilly outside. After the show, drinks in the lounge were 2 for 1 which gave us a chance to warm up a bit. Bottom line, its not your typical show and that was pretty refreshing. I would caution parents about bringing kids because its a little pg-13.  Thumbs up all the way.
SUMMARY: Fuerza Bruta was fantastic but Wayra falls terribly short.  If you've seen Fuerza Bruta, don't waste your time.  If you've never seen this troupe's prior performances, then you'll probably enjoy the new show because you don't know any better.  But at $99, there may be better options in the city. DETAILS: For background, I was the biggest fan of Fuerza Bruta.  I saw that show at least 4 times and recommended it to everyone.  Needless to say, I was THRILLED to hear the troupe would be back with a whole NEW show called Wayra. Sadly, the new show is basically a dumbed down version of the same acts as Fuerza Bruta had - oh, and with tickets cost $99 instead of the old $75. Examples: - Fuerza Bruta (FB) had guy on treadmill who then climbed long staircase and hurled through a styrofoam wall (and then smashed through 3-4 more walls).  Wayra had guy on treadmill without the stairs and just one wall. - FB had a guy and girl on opposite sides of a suspended canvas. Wayra has the same thing, but there is less interplay between the couple - FB had two women hurl around a reflective wall. Wayra has the exact same thing. - FB had all the dancers do a gig on a stage and then run around the audience smashing a bunch of people with styrofoam blocks (each dancer smashed ~3 audience members).  Wayra had a shortened version of the routine and each cast member only smashed one person. - FB had the tank with women floating in it. Wayra has the exact same thing - FB had a cool DJ with a water cannon who really got the party going; Wayra's DJ only has a foghorn to play with The only new parts of Wayra are: - a stage with dancers pretending to play the drums while yelping (yawn) - a cool new act at the very end. this was actually pretty neat... And yes: if someone at the venue is reading this and thinks I'm completely wrong, please give me a shout.  Maybe the specific show I went to (night of July 3rd) wasn't great because the real cast was off for the holiday? I want to be your biggest fan again but that was just disappointing...
If Schwarzenegger and Gaga made love, then gave birth to an Off Broadway experience - this would be it. A tour de force of artsy, weird s**t & I loved every minute of it.
Holy Macro!!This was a Terrific Show.We had so much Fun,even my 10 Years Old Niece cannot stop Raving about it.Wayra Fuerza Bruta is Fast paced and really Creative.The Fact that the Audience participates makes it even more Fun.The Only thing you need to be prepared, because you will be asked to move around a bit.That did not bother us at at all since we were having a Ball.This Show was AWESOME!!!!
A creative and unique show that uses the entire room for an interactive show.  My friend obtained free tickets through her company, so of course we decided to check this out. Pros: A show for the senses.  Interesting light schemes, DJ/soundtrack, use of bodies to provide "brute force" noise (the strength and stamina of the actors is particularly noteworthy).  You're standing for the entire show, so you get to wave your hands, touch props, play in water and essentially play with the cast. Cons: If you are standing behind a human tree, you might find it difficult to get around him/her.  There were a few times everyone in the audience was smooshed up against each other; the discomfort from this situation made it somewhat difficult to focus on the show.  The "swimming" segment of the performance was the most awesome part, but it suffers from a loss of momentum due to its length (it's longest segment of the show and can become repetitive).   The show is abstract and fresh, but unfortunately only runs for about one hour.  It would be great if the show could be enhanced with various other acts.  There is definitely potential for the creative minds who birthed this show to take their idea to the next level.
I don't want to give anything away. But be prepared for an interactive show filled with live music, acrobatic tricks and some crazy stunts.  You may get wet. And you may fly.  Be advised you stand the entire show and will be looking up at some points.  It is general admission. There is a bar to buy drinks before the show. You are encouraged to take photos, but no flash! The show runs for about 80 minutes.
We got our tix through TKTS as a fun date in NYC. The show's concept was really awesome. Fuerza Bruta is pretty much meaning "Brute Force" so the show explores the many aspects of this meaning. I was awed at the stuff these guys did and had a great time. The only reason I didn't give the whole 5 stars was because of the neck cramp you get from staring up so much and just the pushing around of the show and no seats. But other than that, it was a fun interactive show, and no matter where you stood, there would be action in your corner.
F-ascinating                B-rilliant      U-nexpected                 R-ebel E-rotic                              U-nique     R-evealing                         T-antalizing Z-ealous                            A-must see     A-stonishing By any means you should think of Fuerza Bruta as your average show. Rather, show up with open mind and think of it as an interactive kinda game drove by emotions with somehow an story behind. But an story written by the freedom of your own mind. Fuerza Bruta is a postmodern theater show and so, their way to express yourself. And by yourself I mean: you. The actors are conducting the masses to light their instincts. From a cautious beginning where you don't know what to expect, a man frenetically running facing the artificially created natural elements  gets unexpectedly took down. I found fascinating how without words they are talking about a man facing everyday's adversities, revealing against rules somehow. Being alone facing this not so easy life sometimes and how in his dreams things are unexpectedly pretty, calm and peaceful. Then it gets drove by instincts again and then you start to be a participant. The visual effects created on the transparent swimming poll above you was extremely creative. Human bodies in movement on water colored by lights was fascinating to watch for the 20 min it lasted. The music is contagious. You can't just stand and not move. At some point you wanna be one of them. And so:   I walked around I gasped I was astonished I ran I danced I got completely soaked, from head to toe.   And I danced again. That was my own story. Now .. go, open your mind, get involved and create your own.
An amazing experience! Haven't had this much fun in a show for a long long time! Extremely talented dancers meet a creative concept. I got rush tickets for $26 and literally waited 10 minutes in line.. worth every dollar. Check it out!
FU to fueza I get an email a few months back saying they have a new show called wayra and offered discounted tickets. I picked up a handful because I loved de la guarda and only liked fuerza but I was hoping they got their mojo back and would hit this one out of the park. Save you money because 90% of the production was fuerza bruta. The same guy on thr treadmill, girls playing in the water above, etc, etc. the only thing "new" is the name. They should be ashamed of themselves
I found this disappointing, especially after the company's last production (De La Guarda) which was outstanding. It's definitely a spectacle (hence the 3 stars) but you take back nothing. I'm not into weird and splashy for the sake of weird and splashy. It tried very hard to be creative, but again, only for creativity's sake, which to me, made it sloppy. Perhaps if I hadn't seen De La Guarda, I would have gone in expecting less.
I've seen fuerza bruta 4-5 times (in buenos aires and NYC) and was a fan of this show. I recently saw the new wayra show but was extremely disappointed. I went there expecting something completely new, innovative, fresh... But the performance was identical to fuerza bruta. Nice marketing move from the producers, trying to bring back old clientele but sorry, didn't work out. They just lost somebody who used to recommend this show to everybody
I'm not going to talk about the mechanics of the show--standing, moving, water, etc, read the other reviews--but the feel of the show. Fuerza Bruta is sets of extremely vivid dreams that flip into nightmares that flip back into dreams.  I deliberately avoided reading about the show before I went and was awed with each new shift. It's an amazing experience.  If you're looking for a traditional show, go see Mama Mia or something, but if you're looking for a trip, see this.
Had an awesome experience I loved it. It was my boyfriend and I first time there. Love the music, atmosphere was phenomenal
It is a visual spectacle that will make you smile with awe and curiosity This high energy show goes on all around the audience (which is standing the entire show) and the cast members interact with you They also have drink specials after the show in the tiny bar area which isn't much for a hangout but great for deciding where to go after. *I suggest going during the summer so you can take part in the water fight that happens after every show
Warning: I'm giving much of the show away, so if you are looking for an element of surprise, don't read my review. If you're looking for mindless entertainment with lots of music and dancing and effects, then you're in for a good show. If you're look for a Broadway experience, off Broadway, this isn't the show for you. There is no dialogue, no plot to go by, except for what seems to be a guy running away from something, and then a series of what I can only guess to be hallucinations: girls running along the walls in changing lights, fierce dancing, and a water effects show performed over your head in what appears to be a clear plastic pool. It is definitely interactive, the actors occasionally step into the crowd to gather volunteers for a dance, the girls in the pool will look down at you and engage in some form of eye contact. I did enjoy it, as it was fun and entertaining - can kind of be summed up as a dance party, especially the end when a guy honks a horn and douses spectators with water from a huge hose... You won't get wet unless you purposely stand in the line of fire. Some items to note: 1. Wear whatever you want to wear. If you want to get wet, definitely go casual. If you wanna dress up and it's date night, just stand a little bit further away from the stage. 2. Someone said something about the water dance not being suitable for children. There was a boy there when I attended the show and he'd obviously been before. Nothing seemed R rated about the performance, so even though it's not kid-friendly, it's not exactly PG-13 either. The little boy seemed to have a good time. 3. If you want to drink at the bar, get there early. You won't be able to bring it with you. 4. The show is standing room only. If you're expecting to sit down and watch a show, you should probably see something else. All in all, it made for a great experience, and I was entertained... which is why I went there to begin with.
I snagged discount tix for my birthday off of LivingSocial - sounds like it's not difficult to grab a discount if you want to. There's a code when you check in on foursquare that affords you half off tix as well. I was getting nervous reading the reviews here before I went but I ADORED it - and so did my boyfriend, who was incredibly averse to the notion of standing for over an hour (just a little over an hour though). The pounding electro/house music that other reviewers speak of is there, but it's an integral part of the show, it's not migraine inducing, and it's not obnoxious. The metaphors are fairly simple, but extraordinarily relatable for most people in their 20s/30s. I'm usually pretty anti-audience participation, but I was jumping around, dancing, and grabbing for glitter and paper wherever I could. No performer was invasive, while I wasn't involved in any interactions with any of them, all of them that I saw were sure to check if the person they were approaching was cool with being involved. It was fun and freeing and an awesome, awesome show.
Fuerza Bruta was a ton of fun beyond belief. you can watch the trailers on Youtube or read the reviews here, but it's something that truly has to be experienced. describing it to friends is tough. without spoiling too much: it's loud, there's acrobatics, intense lighting, lots of dancing (electronic music with a South American twist), a guy dressed as Thomas Jefferson, and a floating pool with swimmers in it. wear comfortable, casual clothes, and prepare to get wet. there are deals online pretty frequently, so you can save a few bucks that way. there's no seating, and where you stand is first-come-first-serve (and changes throughout the night anyway). Caroline got us the tickets on my birthday through Gilt City, but there are also LivingSocial, Groupon, etc deals as well as through the show's Facebook page. while I still think Blue Man Group is my favorite performance art show to return to, this was a total blast as well and is probably a close second to BMG. can't wait to go back!
I saw Fuerza Bruta yesterday. I bought the discounted ticket from living social and I definitely thought it was worth it. This was my second time watching the show. There is no "story line" to the show but it's definitely exciting to watch and keeps you on your feet(literally!) it's definitely worth to watch. If you have seen other shows like cirque du soleil you may find this similar in the sense that its also very trippy(not similar in acrobatic level). I advise to wear comfortable shoes that you won't mind getting stepped on with. I found the best place to stand was the middle of the room. But we just got lucky and every time they moved us around we were able to have a "front row" view. Warning!! You might get a little wet! If you don't want to stay on the side of the room. Overall great performance. I recommend it!
"How about a side of REhash w/ your eggs ?" Like hash? This is REHASH. Like an off Broadway Blueman Group. Not much has changed w/ the "new" show . If you've not seen it then go! They are too high on ticket prices now. DO NOT see this show sober. It is for those that are in altered state  in some way.
Hated it, would never waste my time again or recommend it to anyone. I was so excited to see it too. I'm glad I got a discounted ticket. I'm sure it would be good if you took some psychedelics..  The room is tight and very warm. The show is only 60 minutes. But half of it are distracter scenes like waving a big curtain around or having the guy run on a treadmill again. The water part is awesome but too long. Not sure what's the point of this show or why they extended into January.
Ordered it through Living Social so a ticket was about $50 and totally worth it. This show is awesome! So many weird and different feelings as I watched but overall it was a unique show with lots of entertainment. I was NOT bored at all with the high flying, base bumping music, and all  the wetness. It's only an hour but they have a lounge where you can drink and get a good buzz before and after the show. It did hurt my neck a little bit because you look up for a good 15 minutes but its worth it. The actors are awesome too! They just looked like they were having a lot of fun especially the water girls scene. They pretty much jump and swim around on top of you in see through wet shirts not giving a rats ash if a nip slip happens. Definitely a must see!
Thank you Goldstar (and the person who posted about Goldstar). I would've been really pissed off at paying $75 for each ticket. Poor man's Cirque is sorta accurate. A little bit of "Ka" and a little bit of "O" minus a lot of dough. Is it a good show? Yes. The music was awesome, I really liked a couple of the scenes. Is it mind-blowing or life changing? Uhhhh not IMO. As far as the "experience" is concerned - You will be herded like cattle. There will be retards around you trying to reach over your head to touch a metallic carp. I didn't enjoy having heads of the people in front of me digging into my chest cavity, its hard to breathe that way you know. I'm also sure they didn't appreciate the gust of warm air from my nostrils flowing through their hair. One guy turned around to check if it was a fan...nope, sorry buddy, that was all me trying to exhale the little bit of air your pointy head would let me breathe in. FYI unless you feel that you MUST stay in the center to touch the props that come down (whoop-dee-fuckin-doo) try to stay near the entrance/exit when you first walk in. Believe me, you don't want to wait for hours for your coat.
Great show. Definitely check out the pics people have posted they best describe what happens. A visual and sound feast. Saw it a couple years back too. After reading most of the FREE yelpers ticket holders I would tell yelp never to give any more tickets away. What complainers! They have to stand up? Have you ever ridden the subway? So what if you had to wait through 15 minutes of the mob wives. And no story? This isn't a story type piece. Think Blue Man Group or Stomp. It's a rave without the bubbles. I disagree with standing in the middle. Go to the sides and you won't be bending your neck too much to look up. Great fun. Hard to describe. Bring out-of-towners. Something they won't see in Peoria.
Went to the show recently with my two friends. I've heard a lot about the show before and wanted to see it myself. We decided to buy tickets at the venue, but got there only 20 min before the beginning. The great news for us was that they had 20$ tickets, you only had to pay cash. We checked our coats and went in, didn't really know what to expect. The show is deffinitely a new kind of experience. People were constantly moved around, it was misty, colors changed making the hall look magical. Show was quite weird. Though i expected something more outstanding, i regretted we didn't have coupe of drinks before getting there. Good thing you can take pictures, but be careful with phones and cameras coz at some points of the show they spray you with some water mist. I would say i liked the show, but to me it's not worth the original 80-90$ they charge.
I took clients to this strange performance art set located in Union Square. I had to take a star off because there are drinks in the "lobby" (the whole space is dingy and warehouse reminiscint), but they don't allow them in the main performance space. This doesn't make much sense to me considering the entire time I was watching them perform I was secretly wishing I had either been under some kind of influence (it makes sense that a few of my friends who enjoy smoking pot like this show!) I really did not like the gunshots throughout - everytime it scared the living bejesus out of me! Toward the end, the whole thing became almost club/rave like, which again, called for the allowance of alcoholic beverages. My clients all seemed to like it, which was great, but I don't think I'd bring my friends or family to this show.
Loved loved loved this show. Very interactive, beautiful and amazing. I totally this it's worth it. It is a very unique show with lots of entertainment. Go see!!!
All I can say is: WOW. My friends and I decided to do something out of the norm once every month or so. So, we decided to go to Fuerzo Bruta. I had no idea what I had bought tickets for initially, so naturally, I came onto Yelp to find out! The reviews were definitely helpful, as at first I was planning on wearing a "club like" outfit by what my friends were saying and then I realized it totally wasn't necessary so wore shorts with a top. I don't want to give too much away, you just need to go. It's awesome, you may get wet...or sparkles on you ;) and definitely have an open outlook so you can understand the concept of the show itself. (It may help to have a couple drinks before hand!!) Enjoy!
Went to the show yesterday. It's cool. I've never seen a show like this before. DJ, music, light change, audience moving around, performances,etc are really cool and new. Sometimes I felt like I am in a dancing club. But I don't really get it. I guess it's a good chioce for dating.
This is so much fun!  It's different, mesmerizing, and if you don't know about the ending, it makes it that much more exciting and spontaneous :) If you're fussy, you may not enjoy as much.  You do stand the whole time, may get wet, etc. but if you like alternative forms of entertainment, this is great.
What a production! I won tickets to the "Girls night out" event for Fuerza bruta back in april. I've never won anything in my life so considering that i won FUERZA BRUTA tix just made my year not to mention that i've wanted to see this for 2 years now All the actors, the lights, Ben hobbs who was the main character that night and ran his ass off, including the staff who where making sure that everyone was moving where they were suppose to move ..were amazing. I loved how the actors would intereact with the audience and made the audience intereact with eachother. It's a dance party, it's a story , it's freedom and i loved every minute of it. Wish i was an actor in fuerza bruta these people truly have the best jobs. I hope to go again soon so i  can dance away in the "rain" at the end. viva fuerza bruta!
Tips: -It's easy to spot where the sprinklers are if you want to avoid getting wet -It is a 70 minute standing performance where you will be moved around -$2 coat check -no flash but photos and videos are allowed -Some nudity -Purchase through a deal site (ie LivingSocial), do not pay full price! -Friend the main actor, Alvaro Colom, on Facebook! -Picture op at the end of the show
Fuerza Bruta, YES!!! Woah - Brute Of some super stellar energy, with the force of those Immensely-spectacular  Visuals, will leave you struck for more...we were seriously stuck In Awe, just hoping that it really wasn't over yet, lol.   Also, We haven't danced this much a long time -- Made My Husband and I feel super young again!  Really brings back memories of how NYC's Nightlife used to be!!  I highly Recommend anyone thinking of seeing this show, to do so, you get more than "seeing"...you get "feeling"!!  Performance Art at It's Best. We've decided to go again soon.. :) Worth It.
All I can say is I want my money back!
If you're in the mood for some vapid entertainment, this is the show for you. I'm grateful that my then boyfriend and I got to see this show for free, through some connections; had we paid the $80 regular price to partake in what boils down to a bad clubbing experience, this review would be a no-holds-barred rant. Some of the 3-star reviews were being pretty generous, in my opinion, but I could relate to their perceptions of the experience -- running man, gunshots, treadmill, women writhing in a mylar pool (the pool had about 1/2 a foot of water in it) -- what is going on? I just don't get it. The New York Times reviewed this show, and I agree with a couple of the reviewer's observations: - "The show's central figure is a mysterious man in white who opens the proceedings walking on a giant treadmill rolled into the middle of the audience. The stroll turns into a jog, the jog into a desperate run. A shot rings out, blood spatters his shirt, and he falls to the ground. At which point the audience applauded, for reasons that completely eluded and slightly disturbed me." theater.nytimes.com/2007… - "The key demographic for "Fuerzabruta" is probably clubgoing, overstimulated college kids not worried about soiling their togs from H&M. Not to mention all those on the dark side of 30 who wish they were still clubgoing, overstimulated college kids." theater.nytimes.com/2007… I am not one of those club kids nor have I ever longed to be. I've been to one rave in my life, and that was only because Moby performed. Otherwise, that scene is not for me. So needless to say, I was horrified by the screaming, gyrating, and fatuous spectacle before me. Most horrifying, however, was how incredibly cheap the set was - cardboard boxes and styrofoam served as the production's primary effects material.  This is no cirque du soleil either - at least those shows provide some aesthetic pleasure or visual bemusement. This provides little more than a random mist to cool you down as some clown (not just a buffoon, but as in a guy with a real clown wig) sprays a hose at the audience - again, for no good reason.
I saw a dude walk up to my friend and hit him over the head with a styrofoam board that was supposed to have confetti in it but it didn't. I would've paid twice the ticket price for that kind of entertainment. Oh yeah, I suppose there's more to this show than watching audience members get bludgeoned with harmless objects. If you like confetti, house music, stunts, and being hit with styrofoam, then this is the show for you. The show goes up and down in energy at a fairly frantic pace. Some parts are simply bursting with intensity while some parts drag just a tiny bit. If you just showed me a dude smashing through boxes on a treadmill and follow it up with a dude in a colonial wig DJing(for like 10 whole minutes), you're going to have trouble keeping my heart rate up. Furthermore, if you have neck problems, they are going to be made even worse at this show. Consult you're chiropractor if you are old and feeble before you see Fuerza Bruta. That being said, this is a very good show.
My husband and I had an amazing time!! We're in our early 30's and don't really do the clubbing thing anymore, but this was amazing!!  It was the most fun I've had in years.  10 minutes into it I was dancing and I looked at my pretty conservative husband and we were both grinning ear to ear.   When the dancers came and interacted with staff, I was smiling and laughing the whole time.  It felt a little bit like a big new years party but better.  The whole show is high-energy and interactive.  There was a skit with a man running on a treadmill -and I work in midtown, so it really struck a nerve with me -I totally got it!  I interpreted it as the chaos in life, it was really touching! A lot of the reviews mention the water nymph part being pretty cool -and it was!! It was beautiful, seeing the ripples of the water and the different lights and the girls gliding.  I didn't find it sexual or erotic at all -it was more beautiful and playful and absolutely entertaining.  I felt all my sense were heightened.   I enjoy Cirque du soleil, concerts and broadway plays but I've never been to a show like this before.  Absolutely amazing, and the hour on your feet goes by fast.
Deeply superficial! Really silly, noisy and pointless. Yet stimulating and entertaining at times. A little wild and a little nutty and at times vaguely menacing. One feels like someone could get hurt at any moment. And different. There's something to be said for that!
great for 20 somethings.  luckily we found the one bench available.  but most people were not interested in sitting.  don't want to spoil anything for those going, although there's no real surprises i felt.  again, it's good for kids from early teens on up. lots of energy and loud music.
I was over the moon when I found out that the show had been extended and had heard good reviews. As a fan of theater including Broadway and off-Broadway I knew I had to go check out Fuerza Bruta while tickets were on sale via Living Social. I don't think this review will do Fuerza Bruta justice because there are no words really to describe what you see and experience, but I'll try my best. It's passion, insanity, thought provoking, and entertaining, all at once. Fuerza Bruta is a live and interactive theater experience that gets the audience involved. When you first walk in everybody is directed to stay inside a marked circle. It was a crowd of about 60 or 70 people, including children. There's not much dialogue there is however dancing (to club music), running, and swimming (on a clear stage on top of the audience) that seems to defy gravity. Towards the end it becomes one giant party where it's "raining" indoors, people are dancing, music is playing, and everyone is having a hell of a good time. Loved it & would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
I am shocked this show has such a high rating. I consider myself as an open minded person but this show was hmmmm... was a bunch of different things not really connected together. I would NEVER compare that to Le cirque du soleil. That would be an insult! Like watching a guy running on a tredmill, watching few dancers (nothing impressive) watching people throwing themself on a clear roof over your head. A peace of curtain floading over your head?!  it was a waist of money! I would have rather pay that money to go to a great club and dance!!! You are standing, not sitting. Behave if you are claustrophobic, the roof gets pretty low. I find more entertainment anywhere in NYC. You will also get wet... It would have been fine with me if there would have been a purpose to that, totally out of context!! Seriously, I'm sorry to say that but I would book any other show in NY.
My stepdad kept saying "You know, Jane, this would be phenomenal on pot." Not sure if he was fishing around for a joint or just trying to get in the mood but I think we all agreed it was a pretty spectacular show. The space is large, but still very intimate. You move and watch as a crowd and since you're standing the whole time it really does feel like you're a part of the show. The dancers are so happy and involved that it seeps into the rest of the crowd. I had my mouth agape for 70 minutes watching people cartwheel horizontally around the room, a man in a suit get shot twice and then jump off a cliff, and a group of mostly naked nymph ladies play slip and slide two inches above my head. Not bad for a Wednesday evening. And my parents are going back to California feeling like the coolest kids on the block, with or without mind-altering drugs.
Are you the kind of person that is fascinated by watching people exercise?  Have you ever stared wondrously at a Slip 'n Slide, and thought that this was among the most amazing feats of physics you have ever seen?  Do you get really excited about doing the Electric Slide?  Then, my god, this show is for you!  I know you must be asking yourself, "How much can I pay to see people run on a treadmill?"  Is $79 a person even enough?  Luckily for you, it is.  And don't worry, that 55 minutes of performance time where you are just standing around will seem to last forever, so you will definitely get your money's worth.   I wish I was kidding.  It's amazing how much of that 55 minutes is filler.  Okay, seeing a guy running on a treadmill was novel for a moment.  A few minutes later it was tiresome.  To see it brought back again and then yet again was needlessly repetitive, lacking in originality, and kind of insulting.  Similarly, seeing scantily clad girls slam themselves down the path of a Slip 'n Slide hung overhead, was interesting and maybe even erotic.  However, as the act droned on and on and then on some more, I realized that there isn't much room for variation on the theme.  The show also included two dance numbers orchestrated by a man wearing a bad wig screaming furiously.  You can't make out anything he was saying though, because the whole performance was set to a steady thumping sound that was equally deafening and annoying.  Oh, and there was a segment where a couple of people ran around on the walls.  That was the entire show.  No plot, no dialogue, no talent, no variation, and little in the way of originality.  I can hardly think of a better way to waste money.  Fortunately for me though, Yelp comped my tickets.  Whew!  You have been warned.
This was my second off-Broadway show and I was unsure of what to expect. You're led in at first to the bar-area with seating and trinkets like t-shirts and whatnot. The bar drinks are a bit overpriced per usual at a play (10-13$ for a small cocktail, 3-4$ for a bottle of water) so I didn't order anything. After that, you're led into a big dark room with smoke machines and upbeat tribal / techno / house kind of music blend where you can socialize, get accustomed to the lack of light and dance. I don't want to give away the play for those who have not seen it, but I will touch on some parts (hopefully) with enough ambiguity as to not rob those of their future experience. The play starts off kind of mellow, and you're kind of just standing there like "okay... something is about to happen..." And then it DOES, but it still scared the heck out of me although I was anticipating it. After that it's a blur of strobe lights, symbolism, strobe lights, smoke machines, more strobe lights, awesome music and mind-blowing confusion. I am pretty sure if someone were to drop acid or eat 'shrooms before going in it would either be the BEST experience of their life, or the WORST (I wouldn't know, I have never tried drugs but I am just assuming here.) There is maddening screaming, confusing gravity-defying stunts and acting, play altercations with the actors, explosions, gun shots, water-spraying and shuffling around for the moving stages and acts. The actors were actually really good! I don't have my playbill on me (given to you at the end to avoid damage) so I don't know their names, but the girls were great especially on the ceiling-pool-thing! I was literally in awe and speechless the entire show. How could anyone give this a bad review? They must be the same people that say Mona Lisa should have smiled in her portrait.
You can't call yourself a new yorker if you have never dabbled in some off broadway other-worldly interactive spectacular i.e. Fuerza Bruta.  My more forward-thinking and open minded friends gushed over their memorable experience with the show and though I consider my self something of a stiff glass of chardonnay, I decided to pick up two tickets, one for me and a friend.  Once they scan your tickets at the front door, you're led down stairs to the lowerlevel bar, where you're instructed to wait for the show.  The following is all you need to know/prepare for the event: 1. Get a 50% discount via scoutmob, it'll be less than $100 for two people. 2. Dress casual and wear comfortable shoes.   3. Bring a small towel and perhaps a change of shirt because you just never know if you might run into a rain shower during (or after) the show. *wink* 4. Remember to check your bag and coat before the show, it's $2 per bag. 5. Bring $10-$20 in cash to have a drink or two at the bar with your date, they take only cash. I recommend you drink because it will ease you mentally and physically into the new experience you're about to encounter. 6. No flash photography but you are allowed to have your camera and mobile phone in the theater. Keep it close to you. And make sure to anticipate it getting wet. 7. Pay attention and follow the instructions of the Staff, you will be instructed to move around at various times during the show. No there are no assigned seats. You WILL be standing (or crouching, or jumping, or dancing or ducking) through the entire 70 minutes. 8. Bring a date, bring a fun friend, bring a shy friend, bring a wall flower, bring your parents, bring your cousins from Kansas. You will all have an experience you won't soon forget and it will bring you closer. :) 9. BRING AN OPEN MIND and a readiness to get down and dirty a little. Don't read too much into the reviews that give their philosophical take on the message of the show. There doesn't have to be a message. The point is you interpret the experience or the message (or lack of) any way you like.  It's about freedom and humanity and letting go, and if you cant' LET GO of your tendency to analyze and interpret everything in life, you will miss the beauty of this show. Expect music and dancing and water-works. Just go with the flow and lose yourself.
My friend suggested this experience to me a million years ago and I swear I thought it was a Groupon for a soccer game so I passed.  Then an Australian friend was in town the other day and told me about this awesome 360 degree Cirque de Soleil-esk show which I thought sounded so cool.  Turns out... SAME THING!  So, we bought Livingsocial deals and went last Friday.  There are three ways to get tickets as a heads up - 1) buy a face value ticket for $70-80; 2) buy a deal online and go for about $50 or 3) wait at the ticket office a couple hours before and get a last minute ticket for $30. The show was amazing.  It occurs all around you and incorporates props, actors, lights, water, etc.  It's about an hour and a half and you are totally mesmerized through the whole thing.  There are about five "acts" but I don't want to go into too much detail or I'll run it for you.  The few things to note are it's better if you are drunk (I was not) and they tell you you can get soaking wet if you want (the only time this could happen to you is if you choose to run under the fountain at the very end when the dance party happens).  So, if you are spending your whole time worried about when they are going to spray you stop worrying.  Try to be in the "middle" as much as possible when they lower the swimming pool down over your head.  It's the coolest part and being in the center makes it ten times better.  I won't tell you why. Overall I would totally go back if I scored tickets right before ($30).  I wouldn't pay $80 for this but the $50 was totally worth it and they always have deals so just be patient.
"Fuerza Bruta;" a multi-media show that is so much more.  A feast for the senses;  it touches you on many levels.  The show is very interpretive, giving you the opportunity to take many different lessons and ideas from it.
I just came back from Fuerza Bruta and I genuinely must say, it was pretty great -- lots of energy and definitely fun all around.* Fuerza Bruta explores the relationship between postmodern discourse and midlife subcultures. With influences as diverse as Camus and Francis Bacon, new synergies are created from both traditional and modern layers. Ever since I was a teenager I have been fascinated by the theoretical limits of relationships. What starts out as hope soon becomes corroded into a hegemony of power, leaving only a sense of chaos and the inevitability of a new beginning. As temporal forms become transformed through boundaried and diverse practice, the viewer is left with a statement of the inaccuracies of our condition. ----- * That's the part I wrote! The rest, well... 10k.aneventapart.com/Upl… But seriously, it was great fun. Thank you Yelp's Candy Cane Jane! Thank you Fuerza Bruta team for a great performance. It makes for a sexy date night... hmmm? (nudge, wink) Also, here's a TIP, don't pay full price. I was thinking about getting these tickets but you can always find a DISCOUNT. I may not pay the full $79.00, but I would definitely pay $39.50 through Goldstar (goldstar.com/events/new-…). Enjoy the experience!
Pretty unique and was good fun (esp for the price)!!
The heavy beat of the music, pulsating lights, hot bodies dancing and letting loose -- an intense rave-like experience. I loved every moment of it. I loved the spectacle, the drama, the action, the dancing, lights, and music. I loved the visceral thrill and impact of the show. I loved how I thought I was seeing faeries and water nymphs. I loved jumping and trying to catch the giant silvery tarp (now I know why cats chase after string). I loved dancing under the sprinklers. It's not for everyone. It's for those who are willing to let go of earth and go to another world. Thanks to Yelp and CM Jane for the tickets! ************ Inspired by Jimmy C's review (yelp.com/biz/fuerza-brut…). Fuerza Bruta is a visceral exploration of the postmodern struggle between man and the heteronormative hegemonic structures of society. At first we see an ostensibly heterosexual White man dressed in white walking forward, which symbolizes the "straight" lifestyle and the approval by being bathed in light white evoking symbols from the Renaissance period of light implying good and God. His dress and and manner of movement reify implicit power structures of mainstream society and those who wish to live according to alternative values. At first the Man works to support and maintain the heternormative hegemonic  structure, as evidenced by his active participation in keeping the tables and chairs on the moving platform. But after a while, he realizes that his efforts are futile and lapses into an existential crisis, which evolves into a realization that identity is both plural and relative and an outcome of the social constructs of society and those in that society. He defies his previously held notions by smashing the tables and chairs and the the structures that hold people (i.e., a semiotic symbol for society). Out of this chaos, we leave with a sense of a new reality emerging out the synthesis of living systems, traditional meaning, deterministic values, and dialectical values. PS. Unlike Jimmy, I didn't cheat. I actually wrote all of this.
Hands down the most inventive AMAZING show I have ever been to. My sister and our two girlfriends came to the city for the weekend and decided on a whim to come see the show. My sister had already seen it before but said it was so incredible that she would love to see it again. We waited in line a couple hours before the show to get rush tickets. 25.00 each, instead of 75.00! What a bargain! It's hard to describe the show unless you have seen it. It really is like nothing you have EVER seen before. You do stand the whole time and are directed to mover  around the floor through out the show so wear comfortable shoes. The most memorable part of the show was when the actors and actresses come out into the audience and pick 2 people out of the audience to come up on stage and dance and have HUGE confetti filled boxes smashed on their heads. I was one of the people picked!! It was incredible! This show is something worth coming to New York to see. You WILL be blown away and wanting to see it again!
How do you explain a dream   so free     so exciting     so noisy    so beautiful Do you let go or hold on   breathe   dance   listen   feel   Why was I   running   lost   hot   wet Where was I   going   right now   moving   in this moment How do you explain a dream   when you're awake Do you let go or hold on   if it really happened Fuerza   why was I Bruta   where was I How do you explain a dream   so free   so exciting   so noisy   so beautiful ************************************************ Fuerza Bruta is not a poor man's Cirque Du Soleil. It's an amazing interactive performance and at least there are no scary clowns roaming through the audience.
I think everyone else pretty much sums up on what an innovative unique experience this is. Kind of reminds me of a Cirque du Soleil show. Here's a tip - if you don't want to get wet stand in the back and bring a hat. They check bags and coats which is convenient. Make sure you buy a discounted ticket, don't think it's worth the full price.
This is the strangest active performance I've ever experienced. Is this what people experience when they get high? What's up the Brazilian jujitsu kicking dance moves?  I can do that too, but you'd better watch out cuz I'll kick you in the head and knock you out. I like the concept of the moving treadmill and things being thrown at you.  It's like an obstacle course from the new Xbox Kinect sports game.   The overhead pool was cool.  The ladies clothing are see through.  All that smacking onto the plastic must hurt though. I got a ticker tape box smashed on my head while one of the performers screamed something.  I have no idea what he said but it was fun dancing around in the rain. All the performers are hot looking.  Are they really Brazilian? Later that night I found confetti in my shoes and under my clothing.   This would be fun as a pre-game night out on the town.  Get drunk, show up for this show, then head out to a club/lounge with confetti all over your clothing & hair.  Carry on with the Brazilian jujitsu dance moves at the club and watch everyone back away from you. I don't recommend this show for kids or the elderly.  I'm pretty sure it states that you have to be over 18+ for this show on the website.
This was NOT what I had expected at all.  I kind of like that I was surprised though.  The best way I can sum it up is its kind of like a very unusual art exhibit.  The whole show is 70 minutes and you stand the whole time.  And a lot of what is going on is above you so you will be looking up a lot.  There is random audience participation which I thought was kewl and you have the choice to get in the thick of it or stay more towards the sidelines.  I def recommend seeing it because it will definitely be an unique and unusual experience! I got my tickets on Living Social which I believe they still have on their website, I also saw discount tickets on Groupon too.
If you like HOUSE music, You will like this! If you like to Dance, you will like this If you like Entertainment, You'll get it If you like to get wet.  You will get it here WARNING: You'll be Standing during the show You'll Get dirty and wet You'll be pushed around You'll be dragged You'll be Looking Up You'll be looking left You'll be looking right You'll Be poking You'll have FUN. PS... Thank you Yelp for a great night!!! For those who wants to see it there's a promo of 50 percent off ! (NOW thru Sept) 3 WAYS TO ORDER TICKETS USING CODE:  FBSUB45 1- ORDER ONLINE CLICK:  broadwayoffers.com 2- ORDER BY PHONE Call 212-947-8844 Enjoy!
What Davidoff L. said. It's creative and entertaining, fun for an hour or so, but life changing or mind-blowing...? "Poor Man's Cirque de Soleil" sums it up nicely. Just make sure you don't fork over $75 for the tickets.
Thanks Jane K and yelp for a wonderful evening. This place is for people who hate musicals but want to go with people who do like theatre. I like theatre and I really enjoy musicals. But, this was something of a phenomenon. It was like going to a rave, but at 7pm on a Sunday minus the drugs, sex and glow sticks. This show is heart thumping, beat pumping, and will get you in a dancing, fiery, animalistic mood. I felt so raw at this show. I won't get into all the emotions that pumped thru my veins, but man, it was stimulating and tittillating all in the same breath. In fact, this show made me breathless, making me want more, teasing me, pushing my limits. All the dancers were amazing and alive, moving with passion, and energy. It is heart stopping extravaganza that will get you in the mood. Everything felt like returning to the womb. And that feeling is hard to recreate especially with a crowd. But they achieved it perfectly. Be prepared to get wet, and to have paper shreds all over you. Be prepared to be deaf for a few hours afterwards, and be prepared to let loose and get down with no inhibition. Great, great show. I recommend this for anyone who wants a good time and wants to be shocked and dazzled. Sexy bodies all around with killer dance moves and great energy.
wear closed-toe shoes. have a drink. stay near the middle of the floor. if you're into it, wear that white tshirt  and look up into the rain. dance. get a little nasty and feel the bass in your sternum.   if you miss this show, i may or may not talk to you ever again...
OMG. I guess I'm the white fly, here. This show was such a waste of time/money that I don't even know where to start from. 1) The title. I thought that "brute strength" was going to be displayed. Where was it? I didn't find exceptional to be able to run on a treadmill, dance on stage the way they did or sliding on water. C'mon, guys... if that was a display of strength, I can't help but laughing. 2) The choreography. Maybe I had high expectations (but why wouldn't you with a title like that?!), but I didn't find the show to be particularly beautiful or entertaining. I mean, amateurs synchronized swimmers do a nicer job. Teenage gymnasts are more spectacular. You don't need to be a circus athlete to perform any of the "stunts" in this show. It was very disappointing. At one point when the water screen was on top of us, the 4 women were basically all grouped together like an awkward orgy without any form, style or flow. It was almost ridiculous. 3) The point. What? Which? Why? If there was a deep message, I'm sorry folks... I totally missed it. What I didn't miss, though, was the sexism displayed. During the whole show there was a mix of men and women performing. They were dancing, running, falling, involving people from the crowd. But when the time came to take off some clothes and get wet, only 4 women showed up. They were all in light underwear and kept sliding back and fwd, showing their rear sides under every imaginable angle. And considering that they were above our heads, you can imagine the angle I'm talking about. I'm a man. And I'm straight. But I found really bizarre that no male performer was doing the same. I paid $40 to get in. It was a discounted ticket, and I still feel I was ripped off. I can't imagine paying full price for this show. Your decision. I said what I had to say.
I guess since I've seen this twice, I will consider myself a fan.   The first time I went with my best friend as a birthday present a year or two ago.  We have previously seen De La Guarda before and enjoyed that.  This was similar but of course with the added water thing which is the "main attraction".   The second time my friend and I went again because it was part of the 20on20 promotion, making it $20.  Totally affordable!  This time, we dragged our boyfriends to come.  The easiest way I convinced my boyfriend (who isn't a fan of plays/performances) to come was by telling him that there is a floating wet t-shirt contest going on right above your head.  Of course he was in. I'm not going to give away too many details, but it is a good show to see because you don't have to follow anything.  There's loud music and people on harnesses running sideways, and you get to touch girls through a thick piece of plastic.  Was that convincing enough? Probably not, but trust me that it's "different" and "entertaining".  It's kind of artsy but I just took it for what it was.  You don't really get wet unless it's the very end after the show.  Don't stand under the "DJ" guy because you'll get soaked.  And depending on the weather outside, that can be good or bad. Also it's nice to have this in the Union Square area.  Easily accessible by train without the crazy Midtown/Time Square crowd.
Yay for FREE Yelp tickets to go see this show.  Thanks, Miss Jane K! Without giving too much away... 1) Be ready to stand (no seats) - don't worry, the 70 minutes passes by quickly 2) Be ready to shake your booty 3) Be ready to get wet It was an awesome night.  Whew... I'm spent!
This was probably the most interesting and unique theater experience I've ever had. The performance/show is kind of like a piece of moving interactive modern art, actually quite beautiful and pleasant while also exciting. Hard to explain. It's nothing mind-blowing but definitely mesmerizing for an hour or so. Wear comfortable shoes and casual clothing. Prepare to be entertained. I was feeling pretty tired after a long day of shopping in the hot and humid NY summer heat, but my interest was kept, and I didn't notice that I was standing the whole time. I also think it would be a pretty fun date activity.
I've seen Fuerza Bruta 4-5 times over the past few years and it takes my breath away every single time. It is a phenomenal show. I don't want to give anything away because anyone going to see this show SHOULD be surprised. It's a show about movement, all kinds of movement, and it's fantastic. There are all kinds of dancing, running, moving, jumping, and it just makes you feel so involved because of how the audience is standing the whole time and the show is happening all around you. It's impossible to leave without a huge smile on your face and energy running all throughout your body. Fyi you can take video and pictures but no flash. When the show starts try to be in the middle. You'll be moving all around the entire time. Try to get discounted tickets through a university or groupon/livingsocial. Wear comfortable shoes, and bring a jacket for when you leave :) Don't youtube the show before you go! Surprise yourself!!!
This is an interesting theatric show. As many reviews wrote Fuerza Bruta is for open minded people. I'd describe it as a innovative, creative  impressing show.
This is quite an amazing performance. I watched De La Guarda twice as a child and Fuerza Bruta is everything and more! The atmosphere is crazy. Just like a night club prior to the show. The theater space is filled with fog and mist. The dim lighting sets the mood. You will encounter many people mingling while they wait. Then suddenly a fan and bright light blast mist and water into the crowd as the show beings. The beginning, which features the "unstoppable man" is by far the best. He is a terrific performer and his energy radiates into the audience even though he is just walking most of the time. That is truly wonderful acting and characterization. The show is an extension and an allegory of sorts for the way life moves in a place like NYC. I won't give it away ... but here are the tips for those who are new. Don't be a square: There are times when the cast will come out into the crowd and try to get you to participate. I had the pleasure of dancing with one of the girls and got into the action. There were some other people who were approached but were completely unenthusiastic. It was boring. I would hate to see these people in a real club at night. You have to relax and let yourself go. Then this show will be one to remember. You will get wet: There are periods of dancing and water will be blasted your way via the DJ (this is more like a mild spring shower - so not too bad if you are a cat). Again ... dance! What's the point of going to this if you are not going to dance? Can you give me your ticket fee instead and I promise I will dance for you as well as for myself. If you want to keep from getting completely drenched ... just stay far away (run like hell if you don't want to look like you took a shower with your clothes on - can be sexy - but to each his own) towards the end of the show when the cast is dancing among that audience members ... *hint hint* Leave your Louis Vuitton/Jimmy Choos/Prada/YSL/Whatever ... at home. Please. Also be prepared to look up. Touch things as they come near you. You will be standing. Don't run a 5K before hand. Jump up and down. You can take your kids but during one sequence there are some wet girls about 3 inches above your face. Wet shirts no bras. Many guys cheered. If they come right above you ... and they will. Your kid is going to school ... in an artistic way :) Also some people take in cameras and bags ... check it all ... it's only $2 per bag. You will have much more fun if it is just your body and the performance. Bottom line: Go to Fuerza Bruta. Go twice. Take different people each time. The show is so dynamic it will feel different and fresh no matter what. Ticket Tip :: for $26.50 you can get rush tickets 2 hours prior to the show. But line up about 45 minutes prior so plan on 2.45 hours prior. It is a bit of a wait but once you have your ticket you can go roam around Union Square for about 1.5 hours ... there is lots to do there. Use the money you saved and go eat at Republic afterwards.
This show is like an unrealized dream. It has some amazing visual ideas that never reach their true potential because of bad direction, shoddy execution and a complete lack of any sort of meaning, message or story line. It's a series of random vignettes that never add up to anything and in the end feel like a gimmick for packing the room with tourists. And it works.
PC W. managed to score us some tix to check out Fuerzabruta at the last second (like, the day of the show) for cheap.  I'm not sure how she worked her magic, but I'd definitely recommend hunting around online for cheap tickets, because I can't say it's worth the $70+ price tag at their regular rate.  For under $50, though, it's totally worth checking out. Don't come here expecting a Cirque-esque experience.  It's not polished and obscenely perfectly choreographed like that.  You won't be mind-blown by the costumes or the elaborate sets of Cirque.  There isn't live music performed by stunning vocalists and practiced musicians.  That's just not really what Fuerza offers up. This is all about motion and passion and the story of being human in today's world of caffeinated beverages, cube farms, and corporate ladders.  There's a primal energy that's exuded by the cast during this performance; it's enhanced by the tribal music mixed by the DJ; it's absorbed and reflected by the audience members as we crowd together, shift positions, and jump and dance with the cast. Anticipate being moved by the energy.  Prepare to be a part of the experience: living it as well as creating it.  Expect to leave a little damp or completely soaked, depending on how involved you are with the show. That's all I can tell you about it.  The rest you have to find out for yourself.  I can only say "Go."
if you saw their last amazing show, De La Guardia, you'll be disappointed this time. trust me. only the water show is to those standards, and it's less then half of the show. the rest is disjointed, no concise story line, and makes no sense on it's own. if you're gonna act, do something with it, if it's going to be just impressive visuals and acrobatics, make it impressive! the beginning was cool for a couple minutes as you anticipate what might be next, but it never blooms to anything. then you're like, what IS this? what's next? and after, you're thinking, what was that? and it's not entertaining anymore. if you're young, early mid 20's, or not from NYC, you'll be impressed. if you've seen some off Broadway shows, or expect De La Guarda a level show, you will be left regretting you shelled out $75. it's at best a $50 show. unless you see it wasted and at midnight, where you only need a little stimulation and novelty to increase your fun. ie, the water show is great, the rest is a weak, dead, rave, with only a handful dancing, and the rest wondering, is this it? and a tacky DJ, w/a water hose?! r u kidding me? kindergarten stuff. save your $$. better yet, please improve the show! I know you can!!
The last time I was at a party like this people were on Ecstasy. All of them. Just saying.
Where do you even begin with this show without giving out too much info.  This is not your traditional Off-Broadway show where you sit and clap between acts.  This show requires an open mind, energy, and a willingness to just let go and enjoy yourself.  You will be standing the entire show (about an hour) and moving around interacting with the cast.  Good tunes and lots of visual stimulation keep you intrigued as to what will happen next.  Was definitely surprised how much fun my girlfriend and I had at Fuerza Bruta.  A MUST SEE!
My brother told me Fuerza Bruta translates to "brute force" in Spanish - and now I understand why they chose that name!  I have been wanting to go to this show for a while and jumped on it when tickets went on sale through Living Social (expecially because I heard it is closing soon!)  It was a really cool, different theater experience!  No real dialogue, just a lot of running, dancing, floating and swimming to trippy music.  The DJ with the George Washington wig and constant truck horn noises was my favorite.  This is definitely a high energy show that will leave you pumped up and ready to dance!! Tips: -wear comfortable shoes, you will be standing the whole time and moving around a lot -don't be a tourist and tape the whole thing, enjoy it live! -bring cash for the bar -be prepared to get soaked at the end if you stand by the DJ booth -coat check line is longgg so carry your coat if possible
Really interesting, exciting and different.  IT seems that no one is really able to capture the energy and amazement of this production. Part Twilla Tharp and part Twillo.  Loved the music and watching peoples reaction to whatever was happening next.  Have a few drinks before and enjoy the ride.  I was able to find discount ickets which made it even better.
Very interesting and entertaining show.  If you are looking for something with a plot this is not the show to see.  Instead Fuerza Bruta  is a whole bunch of performances in which you feel like you are watching a sequences of dreams, some of which you could participate in. The water show was really cool, the music is club like, and everybody stands around on the "stage" where the performances happens around you (again think of a club's dance floor).  No seats are available at all so rest up before coming to the show.  You'll be standing upright from the beginning to end, moving around from one end of the stage to another following the performances. Also expect to get a little wet (ok, maybe very wet depending on where your standing) so wear something that you don't mind getting a little water on.  In the summer it feels great when you leave the show wet since it'll cool you off.  Not so in the winter.  You'll be freezing once you leave so wear something to keep yourself real warm afterward.   For every performance, 20  $25 tickets will be sold at the box office window two hours before show time.  Ignore the two hour part and get there even earlier because people start lining up at least an hour or two before then to get it at this price.  Maximum is two per person.
Good thing i didnt take my mom here when she was visiting. I dont think she'd appreciate the confetti smashing on her head, the fact that we stood and moved around during the entire show, the rave like atmosphere where everyone is infected to dance, pool of ladies putting slip 'n slide to shame, being hosed with misted water, and the list can go on a bit. But during the performance i did think of few friends that i knew would enjoy this "brute force" and it'd be fierce.
Only in a movie like "Fight Club" would a talking penguin musing to insomnia-ridden Edward Norton to "slide" make any kind of sense. Unless, of course, you're standing in the Daryl Roth theater with your gaze ceiling bound as women scantily clad in sun-dresses jump into an aerially suspended pool mere inches away from your face. Somehow, their sliding works, too (and not just because appreciators of the female form revel in the freebie views). Incredibly, one abandons the notion that the outstretched grasps to make contact with the women on the other side of the plastic pool are meant to be sexual. No, the audience yearns to be like the women, to be part of the show, and, like the performers, to escape from the triviality of every day existence and ascend (literally and figuratively) to the place where these performers temporarily exist. After falling in love with its predecessor, De la Guarda, back in 2002, I was elated at the opening of Fuerza Bruta at the Daryl Roth theater in New York. The first time I went was in the winter of 2008 with a friend, the second with my husband. Incredibly, my first experience with the show didn't mar my second, and I was still as taken with the artistry, interaction of the performers, lights and music as I was the first time. If you are a pseudo- to full-on intellectual, you'll appreciate the symbolism and metaphor about the simultaneous banality and uncertainty of life. A man walks on a treadmill in a series of vignettes, frequently encountering "walls" (not just metaphorical ones ... these are actual WALLS) that he explodes through in his daily happenings. These obstacles escalate, whether he walks alone or alongside fellow "commuters" through life. The abrupt stop to this journey is marked by his interaction with a bright light and a forceful wind. Enter the nymphs who emerge like circus angels from the ceiling, suspended by harnesses. Their playful dance along the walls of the theater (be warned that audience members move about frequently as the space itself is as much a part of the act as the performers ) indicate the show's ascension to another realm and, like the nymphs of an Oddyseian tale, their flirtatious yet innocent exchange in the pool above is both enticing and refreshingly uncommon. I've given away too much already, so I won't spoil the finale. But suffice it to say that the sensory deluge will leave all participants wanting more in this unfortunately too short experience.
Love it great show highly recommend best thing we did in our trip to nyc
Okay, so I saw a Youtube video of this just to see what I am in for...after watching the entire clip I was even more lost and confuse prior to watching it. Okay, so I got my complimentary ticket from Yelp (thank you!) and walked up a flight of stairs to a dark room filled with lots of people. This was an interesting theater because there were no seats and everyone was just standing anywhere they want. So here is how I will describe this show... Lights. Wind. Camera (yes get your cameras ready...for what? I don't even know yet. But get them ready! Giant treadmill with a guy running. People dropping. To the left, to the left...I felt like we (audience) were all going to do the Electric Slide at some point. Bam!* Papers and glitters filled the air. Jump. Jump. Jump. And scream!** Back up. Back up and do a booty shake. Back up some more. More lights. More wind. More papers flying in your face. Dance some more. The entire room is jumping like a club. Look up. Yes, you'll be looking up for awhile. Keep looking. Reach your hands out. Sprinkles. Feels like light Summer rain. Water from above. Lights. Wind. A shower at the end.*** Overall it's a pretty interesting show. I did not want to go into details because I like how it was unexpected and the anticipation it puts you through. So I like you to feel the same. * Some girl got scared and reached for my hands, when she really was looking for her boyfriend's lol. Maybe I should've done that and snagged a cutie a long the way haha **I advise not to wear open toe shoes because you will get stepped on over and over again. ***Leave the soap and shampoo home.
A saturation of sights and sounds... you can feel the underground of Argentinean theatre that the shows creators come from... the music is good enough to stand on it's own.... you are always on the stage, the stage is everywhere around you, moving set pieces through the crowd, lowering from the ceiling, flying around the room, but don't be confused this isn't cirque... this gets you involved, keeps you moving, makes you take part in as much as you're watching.... you come out of this show feeling a rush of energy, ready to keep going all night long, and if you don't watch where you're standing you'll feel a little bit soaked as well
OMG this was a horrible show. I get it, it's supposed to be performance art and something unique and different, but, holy moly, I just hated it. We had to stand around waiting before the show, and of course, they start late. Then we're rounded around like sheep so they can move their props. Nothing they did was particularly interesting or exciting. A guy running on a treadmill breaking through boxes, women flying through the air with wire, dancing, women slipping around on plastic in puddles of water, misting water and breaking styrofoam on people..... EHHHHHHH.. It's really like they just threw together some shit to make some money. Not entertaining.
I found a lot of the reviews here to be misleading, mostly about getting wet and looking up for a long time.  It's pretty easy to not get wet if you don't want to. I chose to get soaked because it was a lot of fun, but you could avoid it.  Second, you look up for maybe 20 minutes of the show, the rest is basically eye level, so no need to worry about sore necks.  It's not like sitting front row at a movie theater.  The show itself was a lot of fun, especially the beginning and end.  I wasn't all that impressed with the slip and slide part.  It definitely looked like a ton of fun, but watching others have fun isn't that great.  You really have to go into this show with an open mind, and probably high or drunk, i was definitely the latter.  There's really no reason to get there early, you can easily navigate through the crowd and stand where you want, plus there's a lot of moving around once the show starts.  Although the show was great, i would never pay full price to see it, and there's really no reason to since they always have deals and rush tickets.  If you're looking for a traditional broadway show, this is not for you.  But if you enjoy techno music, dancing, and weird art i definitely recommend checking this out.
Insanity.  I'm pretty sure my review echoes most of the positive reviews thus far...but it is by far one of the best nights out I have had in a long, long time. Tip:  Don't dress nice.  So don't come straight from the office unless you wear waterproof suits. Be sure to appreciate: - Live, interactive theatre - Standing up for an hour or so - Getting wet - Club music - A show that seems random...but then when you think about it, has a lot of meaning and interpretation behind it. The performers love what they do (and it shows.)  Don't bring the young ones and have a drink beforehand - scoring free drink tickets online isn't that hard.   Same goes for the discount tickets.  Easy to find with a quick google; the tickets I got were 45 each with a free drink ticket, but if you are an active foursquare user (which I am) checking in gets you tickets even cheaper than that, I think they were 30 or 35 each.   Oh yeah, bring a camera.  Pictures and video are permitted. I danced, I bumped into people, I got pushed around, I got to stand in the front, I got to stand in the back (so it doesn't matter where you start off, you're shifted around a lot during the show so your view consistently changes..) I got wet, and I got drenched.  The drenched part is semi-optional depending on where you are standing but I recommend going for it. I will be going back, without question.
Don't understand the hype of this show. The worst show I've ever been to. Lame and stupid. No story line, no techniques, no special skills (unless being naked requires skills), random, just weird. At the beginning, the guy said there were 2 exits but didn't tell where the exits were. I guess they were afraid people would sneak out the room in the middle of the show. We paid $79 each and wanted to pay $20 to get out. Don't recommend, especially for elderly or young kids (I'm 32!)
Okay, so I admit I am a bit of a hard ass when it comes to performance arts. I want a plot. I want a purpose. I want a political statement. I want the piece/show to have a build-up of characters. Come to the show with an open mind. This show does not have a said purpose but absolutely pure entertainment. What To Expect: 1.) Feeling like you're in a dance club (i.e., perhaps make sure you've had a shot or two beforehand). Think loud music. Think rave. Think Burning Man. Think Lovefest. 2.) Standing for an hour. Wear comfortable shoes and clothes. 3.) People. Crowds. Claustrophobics need not attend. 4.) Loud noises. 5.) Water. 6.) Scenes that will make you feel excited (read: hot) and disturbed (read: my feminist perspective) at the same time. Bon apetit! :)
This show is mind blowing. I came here paying $20 dollars during the 20at20 two-week off-broadway discount blitz in February and could not believe what an awesome show this is. When I came in, it was suggested we check our coats, but I didn't want to. There was a bar for drinks and I can already tell this show was mostly for adults. The place gets crowded really quickly with no room to walk or breathe. When it was time, staff called us all toward the stairs and we walked up the narrow stairs into a room with a DJ and curtains along the sides. This was a standing show and we would be asked to move around during the show under the direction of the crew behind certain taped colored lines on the floor. Any objects we touch must be done gently as we could damage the props (except for the Styrofoam.) Mist spewed out into the crowd every couple minutes. I don't really want to say what exactly happens since you have to experience it yourself to get the full experience. This show was not meant to have a storyline. I just enjoy it for what it is. Basically, the actors were on a conveyor belt, on stage smashing Styrofoam boxes and crushing Styrofoam, having audience members hit them in the head with Styrofoam, dancing with the crowd, people hanging and flipping on the sides of a silver curtain/wall, people hanging opposites sides of each other around a turnable device, people suspended over the crowd with water above it, and people sliding and slipping all over the water platform above. The platform eventually lowers so that people can touch it gently with their hands. A lot of people took advantage of this and touched the area where the girl's breast and private parts were. Also some of the platform might be leaking water and sometimes, I can feel water some where. There was a part where there was extreme wind and a huge curtain blew over our heads. The apex of the show is when the actors jump to their demise. It was primal and all about visual and sensory effects. At the end, rain poured down and people were dancing under it along with the audience. Others who didn't want to get wet would stand on the sides. The show was so great my husband wanted to go again. I would totally recommend this unless you hate getting wet, hate being in a crowd, or hate interacting with the actors, in which I suggest you stand far away from them. What wasn't right in my opinion was that they sold towels at the end of the show at the souvenirs section for people who were totally wet. I would think they should offer it free so people can dry themselves somehow. There was a huge line for coat check because the majority of the people checked their coat. Personally, the only bad part for me was when we were all asked to kneel down and then stand up, the woman next to me in high heels stepped on my thigh and that hurt bad.
I'm going to disagree with most of you here - it wasn't that great overall. Ok, the show had some cool stuff- particularly the overhead pool thing.  That was truly different.  However, when you compare it to the De La Guarda shows that went on here for years, it pales in comparison. I expected a lot more since it was from the same group of people that were involved with De La Guarda but it really didn't "wow" me as I had hoped it would.  I was with other people in my group and we had all previously seen De La Guarda (a few times each) and as we left we all pretty much agreed it was not as good. That being said, it was different - just no wow factor.
Ive been here twice. neither time did I pay full price. there are places online that offer discounted tickets or you can get cheaper tickets at the box office between 6-8. I dont know if I feel 4 stars about it at full price. The vibe is cool and free and the music is nice so its worth checking out. i recommend it, at a discount.
This was fun, a standing, 65-minute show that assails the ears and eyes with colors, mylar, smoke, and water... things you can touch and actors that work very very hard, although you can hardly hear what they're screaming. You move around during the show, and you can literally almost touch the actors. But certainly fun as the audience joins in during some parts of the show, and I recommend wearing something you don't mind getting wet in for the later half of the show :D A bit of something for everyone in the group.
DO NOT waste your money... this show has NO story, no entertainment value, and no talent.Honestly, it doesn't take a lot to do what they do. Warning: if you are chrostophobic do  not- i repeat do NOT go for this show. You will probably faint or kill yourself before you can get out.
MIND BLOWING! (I'm NOT gonna spoil it like another yelper!) I've been wanting to see this show for over a year now. All the ads online and on TV were just amazing. Everytime i'm in Union Square I would look up and see the sign. I was honored to score FREE tickets to this show (courtesy of Yelp). I was super psyched to see this and felt a relief that there will be an answer to my curiosities about this show. As we came in the large dark room, there are no chairs. So you know that you will be moving. You are treated to amazing visuals that you can see, hear and even feel. There are only 7 characters in the whole show. They do lots of audience interaction. Which is awesome. The only spoiler I will tell you is that at the end you have a chance to dance with the cast and get soaking wet..... I did that! Important things to remember: -Where comfortable shoes, you will be moving a bit. -Don't wear anything expensive that you don't want getting wet. -Do bring a camera (it's encouraged) -They do have a Check-In for all your stuff. -HAVE FUN!
Wow! This is hands down one of the best shows I've ever been to. Unfortunately it's one of those things that's hard to put into words, it's an experience is really the only thing I can say. It's an interactive performance that's going on all around you, you will be standing for an hour and you may get wet. But it's all worth it.
I went here with the BF who won free Yelp tickets. Now that i've been, I wouldn't go again. It was not MIND BLOWING as Ron C. wrote (sorry, your review was in the side panel as I'm writing mines). Just exhausting & weird. My overall thought process during the performance was "This is weird. People paid how much to watch this?" I didn't get the big symbolism theme. Life is hard, shit happens. Or I think that was the theme. That or when life gets hard, play a lot of loud music & hallucinate people running in curtains. Why would you pay $$ to stand up for 70minutes? We live in New York City people. I stand up in the train enough after paying for a monthly pass.   Also, definitely not recommended if you're claustrophobic. A panic attack will happen. && I love Jim U.'s review. Have you read it? Scroll down.
A rare and special experience. Some of the visual memories you are left with stay in the mind like great photography. Go
Umm, no. How did this place get such amazing reviews? Comparisons to Cirque De Soleil are vastly exaggerated. I'm just glad I only paid $35 through travelzoo and not the $70 regular price admission. This is 50 minutes of a performance arts piece. It is interactive, so probably much more fun if you're under the influence of alcohol or especially crazy friends. Each piece is interesting and novel at first, but they last a few beats too long. It's like "I get it. Guy running on a treadmill and bursting through cardboard box walls." "I get it, two girls running along the fabric wall." "I get it, paper confetti." "I get it. Water being sprayed on us." (You totally have control over this, so don't be scared about getting drenched. You can choose to stay away from the water or be directly under it). "I get it, girls sliding around a giant inflatable pool." If they had just added another piece and made every other piece about 20% shorter in duration, I might have liked it more. As it was, it kind of got boring. It's also super hot inside, so dress accordingly.
its a unique experience thats for sure. i wish i read more about in terms of a storyline or message of this performance. lots of music and light effects. was crowded so during moving was really tight at times. a bit hot also, they should have used ac more. they poured water at the end in the middle of floor so if u wanna get wet dress accordingly. organization was bad in terms if lines and getting into the theater. but def must see this show once.
Take wind, water, gravity, and very nimble humans... stir in some funky sound effects and ethereal music... add a dash of strobe lights and the largest piece of "aluminum foil" you've ever seen... bake at 350 degrees for 5 minutes and you might have something resembling the delicious mythology of Fuerza Bruta. I have been a fan of this group for 10 years, when I first experienced their show "De La Guarda" as a freshman at NYU. Many years later, I still make time to take in their shows whenever I am back in town. These are interactive, visually impactful, full-body experiences that defy description but leave you energized, mystified and really impressed. You can easily see their productions multiple times and it never gets old. Don't try to make sense of a theme... it's like trying to interpret alien crop circles. Just go and appreciate it for the beautiful sensory experience that it is. IMPORTANT: Be sure the check times/dates in ADVANCE as they do not have shows every night. $$$ TIP $$$: Be sure to google discounts on tickets. BroadwayBox.com often has discounts available for 40-50% off.
I have never posted a review because I never felt so strongly. This is is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. It is an experience that leaves you excited, energized, and mesmerized. I have been to a couple of broadway/off Broadway shows, and this one is nothing like it. This is a one of a kind show that everyone has to experience, def worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tip #1 - There's always half price tickets to be found. Always. Tip #2 - It's just like a high school dance. If you don't want to get involved just stand off to the side by the walls. This is an incredibly fun show to attend where you can have a great time being somewhat involved dancing along to the beats, or just sitting back and enjoying the sights. It starts of running (quite literally) and will have you thumping along. It's a visceral experience that appeals to all of your senses (although you might want to keep your mouth shut to avoid the sense of taste - yech). Like some have stated, you'll probably have a better time if you don't research it heavily in terms of storyline or plot. There's parts which may give you flashbacks of the days of yore if you've ever attended a rave. It's entertaining to see so many European tourists so at home and enthralled. If you want to or even if you don't (if you don't heed my advice), you *will* get wet. There's a lot of lights, cameras (from people in the crowd) and action and it's the perfect amount of time for an all standing show. The only negative part is the smell of mildewy B.O. emanating from people who really should've gone home first for a shower before taking one during the show. If you've got guests in town, they'll probably love it. Heck you will too.
IF you've seen De La Guarda or Fuerza Bruta, Wayra is a pretty big waste of money.  Granted, I could've seen Fuerza Bruta twice, but expecting something new with Wayra is a mistake.  80% of Wayra is identical to its predecessor, and while it is still an AMAZING show with HUGE kudos to the performers and technical team, to have hiked the price up 30% and then given the audience redundancy... well, that is an offensive disappointment.  If you've never seen any of these performances, I still believe it's well worth seeing - just go for the discounted tickets offered day-of, or find someone to take you that has too much money on their hands.  It's a cool show- the water acrobatics are fantastic, and the new gridlock-bubble tarp feature was outstanding.  I think if I would've been one of the ones to have gotten "taken up" in a harness, I might be singing a slightly different tune.  But given that there are only two lucky fans per audience, your chances are NOT good.  I wish the producers would read this, and know that while I understand, appreciate and applaud the talent and technical monstronsity that must be the foundation of this spectacle, it's not fair to slap on a new label and expect raves.  Freshen up your material with a TRULY new show... I'd still give you another shot.
This is a very unique show. It's unlike anything I've ever seen before and definitely unexpected too. My friend actually said to me, "Imagine watching this while you're on something." That would probably be very interesting...... This is a standing show, so don't wear uncomfortable shoes. You will have to move around and you will most likely get touched.. or touch someone since everyone is standing so close to each other. And you will get slightly wet... not from the touching... i hope. The actors/actresses are super happy and enthusiastic. It kinda makes you feel happy just to see how happy they are. At some point of the show, it begins to feel like you're in a club... with loud music and a lot of people standing next to each other.
i can't lie to you, the first thing i thought as i shuffled about the stage of fuerza bruta wildly crashing into folks (who had long abandoned all hope of preserving their personal space) was, "this is a pickpockets wet dream!". also, in failed effort to keep our respective dates close by, i ended up holding hands with a stranger for at least 5 minutes. when i saw my date get whisked away by the parting crowd i looked down thought, "wait how did that happen? i'm still holding her hand" ...i panned up. turns out i wasn't one who was stupefied. a random asian lady and i locked eyes then held each others eternal gaze as we slowly unraveled what went down... we were still holding hands. it was awkward. anyway. fuerza bruta akin to a slightly lesser cirque du soleil show. unlike cirque de soleil however, fuerza bruta takes place in a shifting 3d euro club environment... don't understand what i mean? exactly. what fuerza bruta really has going for it is its disorienting "wtf?" factor. did that guy just get shot in the heart? twice? what is the significance of teasing us with a gigantic silver curtain? whose head did i just elbow? what is that guy running from? why did that scantily clad lady just violently land a jump split into the shallow puddle water that is hovering less than an inch above my head? why is johann sebastian bach shooting us with a giant water cannon? why is this guy frantically trying to amass cheap patio furniture? did i just get a giant confetti filled styrofoam block bashed over my head!? why am i now dancing in the simulated rain? what, what the hell is going on!? ...... twenty four hours later i still cant tell you what the show was about. i can however now understand why people use hallucinogenic drugs. thanks fuerza bruta!
Let me preface this by saying I didn't really care to go. I read the New York Times review and I've heard about other people's experience and this did not sound amazing. I went and found it uninspiring. People walking on walls to techno music, a man running through boxes and Japanese paper showering over you, people having a box fight in the audience. The best part of the show is when they lower a see-through pool bottom over your head and the actors and actresses interact with the audience, touching hands through the plexiglass. At one point a man turns on a hose and people run through and get showered while dancing to techno music. Eh. I've been to parties better than this. I would rather go to Kanye West concert. Please do not pay the full amount. Many places have codes so you can just pay forty dollars for this.
I'm glad I only paid $40 for my ticket.  The music was good and some of the show was too.  I agree with other Yelpers in that it's a cheap Cirque.  I was 15 minutes late so I don't know what was on before the silver people on the silver paper thingy was but I don't think I missed much.  I had higher expectations than were fulfilled for this show.  Not a total waste of time but nothing I would recommend either.
Mind blowing, "unfuckingbelievable," (insert term describing the highest degree of enjoyment/amazement here). I won't spoil it with too many of the details because this is something you should really experience for yourself. However, a few things you should know beforehand: - it's possible you may get wet; if you do not wish to get wet, stand near the outside/back of the crowd - speaking of which, yes, you will stand for the full show (about an hour) - if you are claustrophobic, you should do some research into one of the major features of this show before you opt to go - if loud music, flashing lights, and some intense moments make you nervous, you may want to do some research into this show before you go - if you're all good on all of the above, prepare for one of the most visually stimulating experiences of your life I came last night using the $20at20 deal going on right now for Off Broadway shows, and this was definitely one of the best $20 I've spent in a while. I did not quite know what to expect, but I was blown away by the performances. I LOVED it, and have plans to bring Margot G. to see it when she's finished with the semester. If you're unsure of whether or not you'll enjoy it, look around for one of the *many* discounted ticket options that are out there...you'll be glad you did.
Really amazing! chaotic, loud and of coarse you are on your feet the entire time. so if you are not into the above mentioned this is not the show for you.
WTF is this show about? Who/ why is that guy running on the treadmill? I didn't enjoy this play because I did not understand what on earth was going on? Loud music, Guy on treadmill, Gunshots, Move around; women throwing themselves on plastic bra-less and wet DJ, guy spraying people with water? I would much rather watch a Broadway play.
So I surprised my hubby with tix from Fuerta Bruta.  He had never seen De La Guarda, which i had, so he was very enamored by the whole experience.  The beginning at first was a little uncomfortable with the crowd and being moved around, but it just got better and better!  I really enjoyed the show, it was so much fun!  DJ, music, performance and all!  I especially liked the water portion.  It was beautiful and amazing, very creative!  Made me want to take part in the show.  The end was great too.  A little too cold out to get drenched, but it was so much fun!  Go watch it,  It's like a great party but funner!
It's 1 hr, you have to stand Show makes no sense black guy runs on a treadmill for 20 min Get wet Watch two girls scream and fly on a curtain 4 half naked girls swim in a clear inflatable pool above your head I stared at her underwear to see if I can get a peak, so did everyone else Inflatable pool lowers to above your head, white people touch it, they're amazed like they have seen g~d Get wet again Black guy runs in the treadmill for another 20 min
My girlfriend and I did exactly what the reviewer before me recommended: We did not read any reviews before seeing this show. We just went based on friends' rave reviews and the overall great rating on Yelp. Our impression: Total Let Down! The show is essentially a collage of random scenes that either involve people running, breaking through things, or hovering above you. The music is energizing and sort of gets you feeling like you are at a club instead of a show. And the performers are full of energy themselves. However, the show is terribly disjointed with unrelated material that is meant to be stimulating to the senses, which it is at times, but with little meaning behind it. For example, there is a guy who runs on a treadmill, he gets "shot", appears hurt, but then takes his bloody shirt off and continues running. I get it. Life throws you curve balls, but you need to get up and run through it. But then he gets shot again, and again. I get it Fuerza Bruta, you don't need to bombard me with the same message over and over again. Also, there are ladies falling on plexiglass that hovers over your head. Fun for the first 2 min, but 30 min of it???? Come on! This show has the potential to be great, but unlike something like cirque du soleil (which is just as expensive per ticket) it fails to deliver a story or anything for a species with billions of neurons to ponder. Definitely not worth $80 bucks. If you can get TDF tickets for $30 consider seeing it, if only for the visual spectacle of it. 1 star is being generous.
I had a wet dream, awake. Then I repeated it again. Don't walk, run to this show. It's like nothing you've ever seen before. I have seen it twice, and will most likely see it again. It will leave you with an overwhelming sensation to crawl up your bedroom walls, dance in the bathtub, and break boxes over your head. You just might scream on the subway. This show has equal parts sexy, creative, and mind-blowing.
It looked like the performers were having a lot of fun, but watching it was nothing special.  A bunch of confetti and loud bangs.  You will probably enjoy this if you are a tourist, particularly foreign, and it will help if you are young.  The only reason I went was because a friend told me they could get me a free ticket because they knew a performer in the show.  Turns out I had to pay half price which apparently anyone can get that deal off the internet.  I came in with zero expectations and was completely disappointed.
NOTE: THIS REVIEW IS NOT A SPOILER SO IT'S SAFE TO READ. I CAN'T SPEAK FOR THE OTHER REVIEWS, BUT I WOULD BE CAREFUL. Lights, camera, action!! Minus the camera, plus the lights, and double-plus the action. This show was AMAZING!! I have no idea what the hell the meaning of the show is, but for any visitors to NYC, this show is a must-do!!! And YOU'RE part of the show!! Before booking the show, I asked my tour guide (otherwise known as my brother) what the show was like. He couldn't explain it. It's NOT like Cirque de Soleil, it's NOT a Broadway show, it's NOT just performance art. It's something out of this world. All I know is that my brother found out about the show from an artsy-fartsy friend, watched it once, and then decided he wanted to watch it again with me and my cuz to inaugurate our visit. He NEVER watches things twice, except Yankee games...and "Coming to America". The physical capability of the performers is amazing. The imagery that they create with treadmills, shiny curtains, water, and styrofome is simply fantastique. I don't wanna explain the show because it's best to see it with a fresh mind, not knowing what to expect. JUST GO!! You won't be disappointed. As for costs, on their website the prices are like $75 (more or less), but if you have a connection to someone within NYC who can get the tickets locally, the price suddenly drops to the $40 range. All I know is that the latter is how much my brother paid for each ticket--whether the mafia was involved, I can't say. By the way, after the show, stick around in the bar/lobby area and you may meet some of the entertainers. The drinks are also buy one, get one free, which is my favorite kind. Oh, and for all you open-minded folk, they have boys night (aka gay) performances during certain days, so I'm assuming all the performers are men. Seems like it would be a much more physically strenuous show. Just be careful, the normal show had some pretty scantily clad women, so I can imagine what the men are wearing....or not wearing. For all you closed-minded folk, this is a warning to go to the website before you book your day. DISCLAIMER: LOOK AT MY PHOTOS ONLY IF YOU WANT THE SHOW SPOILED OR NEVER PLAN ON GOING TO NYC. WITH THAT SAID, MY PHOTOS ARE AWESOME!!!
The craziest show I've ever witnessed...weird.  Is there a meaning to this show?  Im still like what the heck is going on....crowd constantly moving, ur looking up and all around...  if u take acid u will certainly enjoy this show.  If u want different and want to leave saying what just happened then this is the show for you..
Either you love it, or hate it. We loved it. David had NO idea what this show was about, I sent him the link but of course he didn't look at it... haha. But, it worked out. He loved it. I think if you're going to watch this show, read as little as possible about it. I'm so curious I knew what was going to happen before it happened. But at the same time, it was still AWE-mazing. Just know this: You're going to get wet. Maybe a teeny tiny bit, or maybe A LOT. It's up to you. On that note, wear shoes accordingly. Don't go if you're going to be close-minded Other reviewers wrote that this is not for a senior audience. Not necessarily. I know for a fact that there were several seniors in my audience that thoroughly enjoyed themselves. At the same time, I could see there were others that were definitely in the wrong place. Go if you love house/trance/dancing I do agree, however, that this may not be for kids. There's not an obvious storyline (although there definitely IS a storyline if you pay attention) and it's just so "weird" and "different" No nudity, nothing inappropriate. It's just that your money will probably be better spent elsewhere for kids. Buy discount tickets. Just google it, they're not hard to find at all. For a good portion of the show you will be looking up. Strobe lights are used without warning. Hopefully this helped without giving too much away. I'm extremely glad we chose this instead of Stomp.
Terrible. Don't be fooled. This is a substitute for a club. Performance, or lack there of, was a joke. The best part of the show was the buy one get one free at the bar post the show!
Outstanding show. Incredible theatrics. So much fun and such a memorable experience, just wish it was a little longer! Oh, be prepared to dance under rain at the end. In fact, wear your best white tshirt since you are gonna get wet (that's what she said!)
Why on earth this show is getting all these good reviews is beyond me!  Seriously....I stood through the whole show and thought I was watching "irratic bi-polar apes."  The show is strange and weird.  Artistic if you will--but it has no story line and I seriously mean the actors chase each other like monkeys and shreak at each other and hit each other over the heads with styrophome (spelling, sorry).   It's trippy and perhaps if you're high on acid you'll enjoy it.  But, if you're the type of person that enjoys a nice shows---I really think you should pass.  My friend and I wanted out after the first 10 minutes, but we stayed until the end but truly wished we had left after the 10 minutes.
If you did not get to see Fuerza Bruta, you missed a decent show.  I got wet.  I can't say anything all the other reviews don't so I will not say any more.
Ok, I am normally not cynical...ah, who am I kidding, I'm Daria with an afro.  Nevertheless, I went to Fuerza Bruta with an open mind and lots of liquor in my system (per other reviewers advice)....That STILL didn't help!! The whole thing seemed cheap and uninspired.  I was expecting to be wowed (I had already been warned that it was NOT Cirque Du Soleil, but still) or at least mildly amused...Nothing.  The music was the only saving grace, otherwise it was like something my five year old niece could come up with.  Two thumbs down on this one.
I somewhat agree with Adriana A's review.  It was cool for the first 10 minutes, because you were wondering what was going to happen and your interest is piqued, however it's somewhat tiring after a while.  There's no storyline really, or at least I didn't see one, and it's just one silly stunt after the next with no real beauty behind it.  Hey, let's blow up styrofoam because it's cool, again and again and again.  The water scene is interesting, but it seems that they are trying too hard and all they were doing was using it as a slip-n-slide.  Also, we were treated like a herd of cattle being moved all over the humid room; it didn't really seem seamless; we were just pushed here and there and here.  I touched way too many sweaty unknown people. That being said, I think it's worth the $25 I paid, but I wouldn't pay much more for the ticket. Definitely recommend: --drinking beforehand --not brining a purse or bags --wearing comfortable, closed-toe shoes
This show was amazing, a must for artistic and open minds! Worth the price....get a little tipsy before and bring extra clothes! don't be afraid to dance and get wet!
Of course, the one time I decide to not bring my camera I am greeted with about 50 million photo ops. Moral of the story: bring your camera! This show was great, but I don't think everyone will love it. As someone stated, you either love it or you hate it and luckily I fell on the side of loving it. Yes you will get wet, but not necessarily soaked, but the people who do choose to get soak will resort to actions that will result in you getting wetter than expected. It will not be a good idea to come to this show high as the lights and the amount of times you need to move around to avoid being crushed by props will not end well for you. Do expect to stand around and move, but do not expect it to feel like an hour. The show itself is random. Everything seems to not make sense and all the acts seem to be thrown around together in no particular sequence with no relation to the one before or after it. But somehow, it was good. There isn't much else to say but it was good. Some things will wow you, some will surprise you and some will leave you thinking "WTF just happened?" Still, super fun and you can get cheap tickets, so go for a unique date cause it'll definitely be a great conversation starter.
I can't say enough good things about this show.....the lights, the music, the mosh-pit......they make you get all wet with their hose & water pouring from everywhere.....DJ plays that music with all he got.....the audience is part of the show...they pull people in the show.......I had such a great time.....then , afterwards, 2 for 1 drinks..every penny was worth spending here.....warning though wear comfortable shoes (I didn't).....get prepared to have you hair and clothing soaked...I would see this show again, and again, and recommend it to EVERYONE !
I finally made the time to come see the show specially more so since it's supposed to be closing soon. Show time was at 8 didn't start till 815 or so? No biggie in the mean time u can hang out in a lounge area have drinks & coat check. We made our way inside found a spot & got settled the show begins kinda slow with the gentleman on the treadmill them it slowly picks up. As the scenes change the music & energy goes with that...Totally enjoyed the music great energy from the cast while performing wether it was the high flying acrobatics or the stage dancing. The water scenes were cool to watch along with the music it was pretty entertaining. The water portion of the show had me nervous initially since I didn't want to get wet , it being winter would not have been fun. As it turns out u have the choice of getting wet or not once they are done on stage they  move to the middle of the theater & begin to dance then It basically starts to rain the cast & audience can join in & dance around to the music . id have to admit If I had come during the summer It would not have been a problem to get soaked it looked like a lot of fun. Overall it was a fun show with amazing energy & great music.
This may be a good show for non-English speaker to enjoy because you do not need to try understanding what they are saying. It is not a typical "show" where you expect to have a seat. It's all standing and last 70 min with no intermission. Kids older than 9 are allowed, but may not enjoy the show. But my 14-year-old niece liked it a lot. Their music is like the one for night clubs. You can feel that you are part of the show because they get you involved. If you are the type who love being involved, this is the show for you. Looks like there are a few ways to get a discount tickets on the same day though I did not try that. They let you take pictures and video as long as you do not use your flash. But to be honest, I wish I went with the discounted price. Not sure if it worth for $100 (including service fee, etc.) for each ticket.
I have to admit had I gone to this show in the spring or summer time when it was a bit more warm I would have probably been much more fun. The main question I had through the entire show was " are these really actors." Not a knock on any of the performers, they were all great, but I don't feel as though it were acting per-say. The visuals were great, the acrobatics were stunning, and obviously the females in the pool were the best part for me. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone who wants to be entertained, like any other play would do. This is unique and while I greatly appreciate what I saw last night, I feel this would be much better in the summer and possible outside (or where you dont mind getting wet at. )
I think this is a fun activity if you're looking for something a little different to do in NYC.  It is somewhat hit or miss, but since the show is only about an hour, there really isn't much downside (other than the cost). If you're a bit on the older side or generally high strung, have a drink or two beforehand to loosen up (there's a bar area in theater) and you should enjoy some very cool visual stimulation.  If operas or ballet are generally your thing, this show probably isn't for you.
My wife and I went to the show, bringing our teenage niece and nephew. I have to admit, I was wholly unprepared for what was to come... which is a "good thing". The entrance is on the side street and leads right in to the bar / lounge / bag drop. It's dark, cozy, and inviting. We hung out with the in crowd, relaxed, and then... we were invited to walk in to the performance area. It's huge, murky, and certainly makes you curious about what will happen. We loved the electronic music and were quite excited to experience the show. All we can say is, if you are open minded to new and interesting experiences, and don't mind standing and being a part of the show, definitely go. It is a total blast! If you want to sit and be entertained by a linear, predictable, formulaic plot line, performed by overused actors, stay home and watch Netflix. Please. PS. I got something smashed over my head during the show, because I enthusiastically encouraged it. Just... Go for it! I did!
Here is a link to a groupon deal! groupon.com/deals/gl-fue…
Fantastic, hard to describe, just something you should experience.  I paid $49 through LivingSocial, which is a lot for me to spend on anything (livin' the cheap grad student life), but I didn't regret it.  I convinced 2 friends to go with me and they couldn't stop talking about how it was the coolest show they'd ever seen. Tips:  only bring a small purse, carry your coat, don't dress too warmly, and wear comfy shoes.  You stand the entire time, and the coat check line is miserably long when the show is over.  I was very glad I kept my things; holding them wasn't too much of a hassle.  You can't put anything on the floor though.  Also, keep in mind you might get wet!  The bar is expensive and crowded- if you want to have a drink before, do it somewhere else.  And you might want to bring a bottle of water, it can get hot in there!
Like a glitter carwash rave--thats the only way I can describe it. SO wierd, and yet SO awesome. And the super handsome main character/running man did not hurt either.  Thanks Yelp for the opportunity to check this off my NYC bucket list. I highly recommend rounding up a big group of friends, treating yourselves to a few beverages in the bar before the show starts, and then rocking out during the show.
Despite the fact that I saw this quite a while ago, I remembered it as my friends from out of town plan to see it tomorrow, causing me to rack my memory and try to remember if I liked it.   Overall I remember walking around in a big mass, a very interesting performance, ending with a DJ and a rave.  I enjoyed it, and its very creative, but the neck pain was definitely an issue after looking up for so long.   I would not discourage anyone from seeing it, but would not recommend it highly either of my own accord.
LIFE CHANGING. Now this, good people, is a show that everyone must watch. It was thrilling and captivating. The performers were amazing and I had such a fun time.
If I had to pay for my tickets, I would have been pretty pissed, but luckily thanks to Yelp and especially Jane K., I had the opportunity to go free instead!! The show, itself, would have been much more fun, only if i was 10 years younger, where my attention span was limited and not being seated and getting wet was an actually cool thing to do. Instead of a show, I felt more like I was caught up in a club scene that went nowhere. Their theme was pointless and repetitive but I gotta give them mucho kudos for being artistic and avant-garde-tuous! All-in-all, if you're planning to go, I would say bring good shoes, beware of getting wet, and if you're short, like myself, you'll probably miss half of the show anyway. Oh yes, and anticipate to look up toward the ceiling for a good 15min and if that's not gonna kill your neck, I really don't' know what will!
W.O.W. This show blew me away. If you like Cirque du Soleil you'll love this. It feels much more intimate than Cirque (I won't give away any surprises here). The music, the performance, everything about this show is perfect. Now I'm wishing I bought the DVD while I was there...
Was this a show?  Was it a dance club?  I still don't know but I can tell you it was awesome. I had no idea what to expect but was told to dress light and be prepared to get wet.  FOLLOW THIS ADVICE.  I won't spoil anything but you will need to move often. This is definitely the most unique show I have ever attended.  If you're in the mood for a good time get your tickets now.  It's not a classic show experience; it's better.
Fantastic show. LOVE the music. So beautiful dancing in water. Wow!
What a great show...Too bad we were only 5+ years late to the party...A quick 70min show located right in the heart of Union Sq that is fun, active and makes you go WHOA. The crowd was very mixed too and everyone seemed to enjoy it and have a blast...just have an open mind and you will love every minute of this... P.S : For everyone calling this Techno/Rave music is totally wrong. The Soundtrack for the show is very tribal like and soothing and never annoying to your ears as some house/techo/trance music sounds..so don't get the wrong idea...
Unique but not my cup of tea.
I missed out on seeing De La Guarda, but I wasn't going to make the same mistake for Fuerza Bruta. The show is a bit disorienting, but I think that's a huge part of its charm. You're moved into a room and you are on your feet the entire time. The show begins and well, as some have stated, there is no solid story line. It's a sensory experiment, if you ask me. Everything is happening over and around you, and I think I was too busy enjoying the fun of what was happening to ask myself why it was happening. Things never slowed down enough for me to trouble myself with such questions, and I'm really glad that's that case. Aside from shuffling around to make way for the changes in the set (pro-tip: you're standing IN the "set" so you'll be moved around) there's not a lot to do except stand and be in awe. The thing about the show is that no one leg of it is particularly strong on its own. The dancing is repetitive (but powerful), the music isn't outstanding, and the scenes are imaginative, but not revolutionary on their own. However, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts here, because when it all comes together, it's an audiovisual powerhouse, and I'm not just slinging buzz words around, either. Yes, there is a water show at the end, and yes, you stand the chance of getting spritzed, damp, or completely soaked. I went with my girlfriend and we ended up drenched. It was so worth it. Take advantage of special pricing when you can. As amazing as it was, I don't know if I would have happily paid full price.
i really enjoyed this show, and we got lucky and ended up with tickets to the boys night out show this weekend.  that means the boys are in the pool instead of the girls.  i was selected to participate and dance on stage, and that was a highlight! the storyline could be confusing, as there might not seem to be one.  but i definitely related to the storyline that i understood to be there.  it was like a series of dreams, and a lot of it reminded me of the feelings i have living in new york, working here, and trying to make it past all the obstacles that are thrown in your face throughout life. the dj with the wig and the water hose was really fun, too, and i loved the wet rave at the end.  this is not a show for you if you're not into participating and not into using your imagination.  it is for enthusiastic people that like to dance and laugh and be silly.   it was great to connect with the actors and actresses, too, and you'd never know where they were coming from, who was grabbing you and where they were pushing you.  i had a great, great time.
Went to see Fuerza Bruta this past friday nite with 2 friends....and I cannot stop thinking about it.... There really isn't any way to describe this to people  - as the only way I can is that ...its a visual journey....a spectacle for all of your senses..... you touch things.. you move around.. the fact that you stand in a very dark room for the whole show alone may be daunting for some people..... You take away from this performance what you want to.....you leave thinking... amused...confused.....and questioning everything!!!! I can't wait to take some more of my open minded friends to this..because if you're a dork/shy/wall flower type of person... I doubt you'll enjoy this..... You will be touched... pushed around a bit....and a stage with water will be above your head....that you can reach out to!! just amazing!!!!......and there are some parts where you will get wet......(but only if you want to...lol)....... All in all...it is one of the best things I've done all year..... Go see these magnificent performers ASAP!! and go with an open mind... check your bags downstairs....wear closed toe shoes....and let go!!!!!!
It is an incredible show designed by Brazilians. I think they were all on acid when they made it and it was such a wild experience! The audience stands and moves around the set...things explode, music pulses through you and in the end you have a rave in the rain! Incredible experience! You are allowed to take video and pictures, but simply looking at them online will not even come close to understanding this experience. Burners should especially make an effort to participate!
I love the show and I'm happy it's back.  In fact, I'm happy it didn't change much.  This is one of my go-to gigs for taking people to wierd NY.  It's a lot of fun, it is short for those of us with attention span issues :) and it has some great music. There is a slightly seductive nature to the drum beat music and some of the dancing/swiming.  I would say go with an open mind for just some visual/sound sensory stuff - have a cocktail or two, dance and have fun. Also - this last time I saw the show there was a mom with two young children - I asked her if they were allowed and she said yes and that they go to all the shows but I wouldn't take kids to this. First, they probably won't understand it - and second there is  a mature element to the show.
one of a kind nyc show. amazing and unique....love the 360 degree stage. make sure you dont look up the performance in detail before you go.....the surprise makes it. check out broadwaybox website for discount tickets...
I went with my Fiancé for the first time to see this show! I heard so many great things about this show. One thing I could say is that this show is very involved and so much fun. The show was very different than most shows I have been too. You stand the whole time as for there are no seats. But to be honest your attention is so captivated that you don't even realize you're standing. The music is fantastic if you love house music. Kinda gives you that club ambiance. The cast comes to the floor and interacts with you. My favorite part were the effects of the girls in the pool above. One thing to be careful with is that they hose you down with water and it rains towards the middle. So if you don't want to get wet then move away from the center. Considering it was 15 degrees outside getting wet is a terrible idea and is more of a summer type of thing in my opinion unless you want to catch pneumonia. Overall, the show was interesting, different, and not like most other off broadway shows which is what made it spectacular. The effects, performances, and lighting were exquisite. I would definitely recommend seeing this show at least once.
amazingly, cool, interactive show, I've never seen before. The entire time you are standing and looking up, so make sure you're wearing comfy shoes. There is a chance of getting slightly wet, depending on where you stand.  Definitely a must see show! You will most definitely enjoy it!
I think this show MUST come with a trigger warning for anyone with PTSD.  There are about 3-4 random shots fired at the artists during the show. Besides that i would say the show if fun and different and very open to artistic interpretation.  We got our tickets on Groupon so I was happy i didn't pay the $100 for this show. Had a great time and would recommend this to friends.
pretty amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! we got a groupon for 1/2 price and it was worth every penny. lost a star b/c it was SO FREAKING HOT in there...like ever heard of a/c?? but yes, it was really an amazing spectacular and i would recommend it to anybody who loves LOUD, attention getting, craziness!!!! The main character was outside while we were deciding which bar to hit up and took so many photos w/ us and let us touch his abs. mmmm :) THANK  YOU! P.S. they had 2 for 1 drinks after the show in the bar downstairs!! SCORE :)
To say the least, this was an interesting experience. My initial and final reaction (basically all throughout) was: "W-T-F?" Definitely never seen anything like it before. It's a psychedelic experience for sure and you certainly won't be bored.
Interactive, out-of-the-box art. Amazing music. Go and support innovative off-Broadway theater like this. You will be swept away.
Holy WOW!!!!! Taking advantage of the current 20at20 deal (tickets to some Off Broadway shows are only $20 20 minutes before showtime), a group of us traversed on down to Union Square to catch Fuerza Bruta. None of us really had any idea what to expect, except for the possibility of getting wet. Wet? At a show? What are we in store for?? Well! First off, to call this a "show" would be doing it a disservice! Fuerza Bruta is definitely an experience, an interactive work of art, a rave, insane, madness, FUN!! There were MORE than enough $20 tickets to accommodate the growing line, and as soon as we were all inside and coat checked (a measly $2 per item!), they ushered us into the main stage area. I was actually surprised at how small this was. I guess seeing previews of the show made me think it would be bigger. How could they do all they advertise with this space. Simple. Move the audience. Yep! Zero seating. You will be standing for the hour long performance. Not just standing, but shifting with the stages. You are not only a spectator, but more a participant in this gorgeous work of art! Get ready to dance, jump, have stuff smashed on your head, massive tarps drop on you, have pools lowered out of nowhere, etc etc etc! As to the "you'll get wet" part. Yes it's true. It's easily avoidable if you hang out towards the back, and before the finale the cast warns you about where the rain shower will fall. It being February, this was bittersweet. While I BADLY wanted to partake in the rain dancing, my smarts reminded me that it was 20 degrees out. I will DEFINITELY be back in the summer!! Lastly, unlike every other performance out there, you are encouraged to use your camera! Just no flash. I really can't wait to do it again. Notice I say do it, not see it! I wouldn't pay the full $89 price tag for it, but I hear you can pretty much always find $35 discounted tickets. Definitely shoot for those!!
Possibly the most fun you can have in NYC in under 70 minutes.  I was blown away by the incredible performances at this very unique show.  My concern about being bored just standing in one spot just looking straight up for the entire show was completely unfounded.  The crew directs you to move around the room every 10 or 15 minutes and the center of action is constantly changing - at points in the show it may be behind the audience, or sometimes right in the middle of the crowd or even above your head at a height of 20 feet or within reaching distance.  Wear comfortable shoes and clothes that are good for dancing in a hot, crowded space.  The audience is a big part of the show so bring your most adventurous friends who are ready to join the fun and leave the introverted types at home.
Go! Go! Go!   This was an AMAZING show.  I went into it with few expectations, aside from seeing a quick trailer on their website.   Melissa's review is right on.  A true 360 experience.   Great music, stunning performance, people coming at you from all directions.  It really was part rave, part Cirque. Regarding getting wet, I agree you can certainly get wet and dance, which is a total blast.  But if you don't feel like getting wet, don't be intimidated - you can avoid the water without a problem and you won't miss a thing. I want to bring everyone I know, including out-of-towners.   MIND-BLOWING!  Awesome.
Great Show.....if  you don't mind getting soaked! Had a blast!
I SWORE that I would never yelp a production but here I am... the yelp slore I am writing this review.   In my defense, it truly was an amazing show.  I had kind of a vague idea of what it would entail, but when I actually saw it in real life, I was blown away.  The entire production is really creative, artistic and really showcases the dancers' passion for what they do.   I will say this: Fuerzabruta tries really hard to simulate an acid trip without the acid.  All that happens is that you may get a little wet, and a little water never hurt anyone. Get rush tickets, sale starts at 6 pm and they sell 20 tickets for $25 each, cash only.  Everyone gets 2 tickets max, so make sure you're the at least the first 10 people in line.
Got tickets as a gift. Would be very disappointed If I had to pay full price of $79. The show is nice, different. Great Idea, however there's a reason why people go there either high or drunk. Ok to see it if get tickets for under $30.
SO COOL!! One of those shows that I can't even explain in words.. you have to go and experience it with yourself. Unlike anything I've ever seen or been to.. no seats, interactive, the show goes on around and above you. You have NO IDEA what to expect next, in a good way! I tell everyone who comes to NYC who would be into cool, unusual, artsy things to see this! Get the discount tickets at the TKTS office near South Street Seaport. I was stupid and paid full price ($70).. but it was still worth it.
The show is indescribable.  I've had to describe it as Cirque du soleil on acid while on a slip n slide.
I took my mom here, not knowing what to expect. It was awkward. It felt like I had taken my mom to a club. While we were waiting to enter the theater, a shirtless guy walked around selling shots. I didn't know what to say to my mom... awkward. The show was good, nothing like you would expect. Lots of loud noises, especially when one guy got "shot". I hate loud noises so every time I saw that guy running on this huge treadmill, I would cover my ears. You are expected to move around during the show, so please wear comfortable shoes. There is also a chance that you might have water sprayed on you, so do not wear white clothes. My favorite part was the water scene, the dancers dance in a shallow pool above you, and you can watch them from below. The screen gets lowered and you can actually touch it. The ending was pretty fun, felt like a dance club once again. Awkward once again. I couldn't wait to leave. Next time I take my parents for a show, I'm going to take them to a traditional broadway show where you sit on comfy seats, not going to try anything new.
De La Guarda does it again- Great interactive experience! Was taken by a good friend for my birthday and have been back two more times and hopefully it will last till October so I can take my nephew for his birthday and my forth experience! excellent!
CLICK HERE FOR HALF PRICED TICKETS goldstar.com/?p=f292244f… When we heard that the makers of De La Guarda had a new show out, we booked a flight out to New York immediately.  I guess my boyfriend has had enough of me referencing after the 13 other Cirque shows I've seen. Nonetheless, this show was so much fun, especially since they dragged me on stage and had me dance while like a crazy person while styrofoam platforms were dropped on our heads. Compared to DLG, it was less bungy and the viewer had to move around the floor more.  However, the touching of props was fun.  I wonder if the female performers of the water portion find their jobs kinky. Note to viewers: 1.) Try to stick to the center of the circle for the best views. 2.) But stay outside of the circle, if you don't expect to be dancing in the rain. 3.) Be alert.  The stages are constantly moving. 4.) There is a coat check before entering the theatre, utilize it.  You will not be able to sit them down inside.
Great Show. Although no real story line. The whole show is fill of energy and super fun. You are standing the whole time but because of the energy in the show you don't notice. You can record as long as there is no flash. The seen with the water was amazing.  Definitely worth going to and watch if you want to have a feel of a rave and being simply entertained.
While we all may try to describe this show without "giving it away," I don't think anyone can actually describe it enough to do so.  "Fuerzabruta" means "brute force" and is mostly a physical and visual extravaganza inspired in part by Carnaval.  Built around a few major set pieces (which caused a great deal of difficulty to install in the Daryl Roth Theater), the production involves cast members running, flying, and swimming -- yes, swimming, above the audience.  The set includes a 45-foot clear-bottom tilting pool hung from the ceiling, expansive sheets of Mylar curtains, and a moving treadmill... The music and special effects were intense.  As for the lack of traditional theater performance (with speech and plot and story-line), this show seemed to be designed for interpretation by every individual on their own.  It was pretty cool to discuss our reactions after the show at an awesome izakaya with great food and drinks; in fact, you just might learn something new about your friends based on what they thought Fuerzabruta was all about!  Highly recommended.
This show is really fun if you have no expectations. Its very interactive with the audience and you never know whats coming next. You stand the whole time as the set keeps changing around you. I liked it a lot, I thought it was very unique and different.
I was not sure what to expect when my friend took me to Fuerza Bruta, and I have to say that I was completely blown away. I stood there for an hour with a backpack on... and I hardly noticed that I was standing with like 50lbs on my back. Definitely be ready to dance and get excited at Fuerza Bruta! Oh--and you might get a little wet, too... Things to consider/know: -Yes, you stand there, for an hour. -Furthermore, you move around alot. -As mentioned, you may not leave dry. -As Zenide A. said, you can get discounted tickets by standing in line early; well worth it. I definitely recommend.
This is my first off-Broadway experience. At first I thought what kind of show that don't let you to sit? Turns out it was awesome! Now instead of bringing out of town friends to Empire State Building, Wall St, and other "landmarks" which I don't really go, I take them to Fuerza Bruta. Simply because this represents NYC more than anything here.
I've been wanting to see this since it was given some TV time on ANTM, cycle 10. We got discounted tickets online ($35) for the 10PM showing on a weekend. Once we entered, we were ushered into a room and stood there waiting for it to start. What I enjoyed the most, actually, was not the water stuff you crane your neck to see above...but the guys and gals on the treadmill and the whole hitting people on the head with styrofoam. Yes, the concept of watching a semi-water show above you is cool but then your neck starts to cramp and then the immature audience members start hollering out profanities to the women above and/or touch them in inappropriate spots as they slide back and forth on the plastic above you. And then the end with the rave-like atmosphere. I don't know what that's all about...and it kept going and going... Some tips: -you will get wet and it is HOT inside so be mindful of what you wear/bring (there's a coat check but the line is long waiting to drop off your coat and waiting to pick it up) -when you first arrive into the room, try and stand in the middle of the room (you'll be set for the show) -have some drinks before the show
As I stood in line to get in, I started looking on my phone to find out what Fuerza Bruta was all about. All I knew before was that it meant Brutal force in Spanish. The description seemed vague and I could not gather much except some key words like , Music ( Duh! Its an off Broadway) , Aerial ( umm.. OK spider man has that too), Water ( That should be fun on a rather hot NYC summer day.. oops I am not dressed appropriately to get wet though! ) . As these words were jumping up and down my mind when I entered the theater which looks like a dance club with real high ceiling and no seating. I should have had those $5 shots at the entrance after all. Anyways, it's a one hour show and I am not really sure what was happening and how the different pieces were connected. I was hoping that as I start writing this review and mulling over it, the understanding would splash over me like cold water but so far no good! Music was great and some sections ( the over head water piece) were great. I loved the dance, its the sorts you would do when you know no one is watching. Very vibrant and free, I might have picked up a few moves. Some raw emotions were portrayed by the actors.( I didn't quite get the circumstances of the emotions though). At the end of the show, I came out confused but smiling and hence the 2.5!
**************************************************­********************************* Helpful tip: If you plan on going, you can buy it for $39 through Travel Zoo (Regular price is $79.50). It's an offer that expires on Feb. 10, 2012. I get emails through Travel Zoo so I thought I'd share it with whoever wants to go. travelzoo.com/entertainm… Have fun! **************************************************­*********************************
Visually entertaining. If you are a female, I advise you not to wear heels. If you must, then wear comfortable heels. You will be standing the whole time. I won't spoil the ending for you :-)
70 minute show! A quick visual summary of what u will experience: 30 min of a guy running through a rain shower on a platform, 30 min of four ladies wading around a Mylar swimming pool above you, 15 min dance party other scenes include two girls flying in the air, a dance performance, and performers smashing each other with styrofoam boxes filled with glitter and confetti. You stand the entire show, while the stage managers direct the audience of where to move throughout the show to adapt to the changing scenes. Expect to get sprinkled with water lightly in and small wet puddles by the end of the show as they drizzle a small hose at the entire audience. Overall a very cool visually stimulating experience & fun, techno dance party, wear comfortable shoes! :)
Between 4 and 5 stars.  No matter your age,  If you love shows like Blue Man Group, Cirque Du Soleil and Stomp - you will love Fuerza Bruta. No, there aren't Olympic acrobatic acts, but this is the kind of show that I really HAVE to give it 5 stars for the sheer imagination and level of brawn necessary to design such a show and make it a reality. In this respect Fuerza Bruta is brilliant.  The actors are amazing in their expression of performance (not to mention INCREDIBLY in shape) and you will be mesmerized many times by many stunning moments. Although five stars is deserved for the show's ingenuity, creativity and aesthetic beauty - I was still left a couple times feeling, just momentarily, here and there, a little anxious for the next sequence or movement.   I agree that more choreography would greatly enhance the show and I couldn't help feeling that there is lots of room for improvement.  I also found the ending to the show to be somewhat abrupt and just a tad anti-climatic (no real "grand finale" feel) - but again, the show is so original and beautiful I don't feel justified in nit-picking. One thing many people seem to miss and I think it is so important to the beauty of the experience is that there is most DEFINITELY a storyline to this 70 minute dream sequence. It is not random, pointless visual art. Here is the meaning -  you can decide for yourself the finer points: The running man is a waiter at a dead end job.  He is running in place, getting no where in life - even though he is giving it everything he has.  He feels like he's dying. The beginning sequences represent his recurrent nightmares of his situation. He comes in contact with thousands of people on the street everyday who feel the same way he does - They are on their way to soulless  jobs. Over stressed and numb. Sometimes the only human contact being strangers' shoulders hitting other strangers' shoulders on the crowded city streets.  The grind just sucks everyone's life force. He's dreaming about work - never ending, can't keep up... table after table after table - Is there no end in sight? The scene where the group is having a party (in my opinion) is the representation of Friday afternoons after work - the only time many of us look forward to - Happy Hour.  Getting wasted on the weekends to get us to forget our shitty, soulless, stressful jobs. Then the show steers toward a suggestion to explore what we are missing and what we wish we could recapture - being kids again. Being playful.  Skipping in puddles, laughing with friends.  Being carefree.  We all want off this stupid treadmill!  Perhaps that is a dream never to be fulfilled, or maybe it could  happen if we just let it - who knows. In the end sequence the running man has made the decision to end the race.  He decides to take the leap and leave it all behind - and he is inviting others to join him. TA-DA! Be ready to be have fun. lower your inhibitions and go with the flow.   ADVICE: Altered states may make this show way intense!
Came here with a group of 8 and I didn't know what to expect. The show has no plot line...so if you think you're coming here for a Broadway type of feel show, you'll be highly disappointed. On the other hand, if you love excitement and enjoy being spontaneous, you'll love Fuerza Bruta! Very interactive and there is rain dancing...yes rain dancing....don't be afraid to let loose and dance in the rain. The only reason why I didn't give it a 5, is because of the price. Luckily, we got our tickets at $48, but they are normally about $90. I don't believe the show is worth $90. If your thinking about going, look for promo codes online. =)
Great show.
Agreed with all the hi ts below.and great reviews.  Im 56 years old and loved its mindless craziness.  If you cant stand for 45 minutes due to physical limitations this is not for you. Go in the summer and get wet.  Get discount tickets off theatremania.com Loved it!  Sent my daughter 26, my son 21 and they all loced it too. Dont bother bringing your camera there are a ton of film clips on youtube you can steal.  Get wet and have fun
What a great experience!  I bought tickets through a Daily Candy special...but I would gladly pay full price to see this again.  The imagery and the energy of the Fuerza Bruta was simply amazing.  Wear comfortable shoes and prepare to be involved in the show.  The music is pulsing practically daring you not to move, the visuals are enthralling.  In addition, there is a bar which is open before and after the show.
This show had been on my radar for awhile but I was hesitant to commit to standing for an entire performance, however, one day, my friend and I decided to suck it up and give it a try. I must admit that I was not interested at all in the first 30 mins of the performance. It was way to avante garde ish for my taste. I think the only thing I appreciate from the first half of the show as the good looking man doing the stunts. But the second half redeemed the show for me and really had me wowed. I loved the acrobatics within the water tank. I just thought it was so cool to be below that and look up and see it. and when the tanks were lowered........it was incredible. I would recommend going if you can sneak in late and just see the second half!
Well, I decided to give it another chance when I found really cheap tickets again. This time I took my boyfriend and had a couple drinks beforehand. He liked that it was something different, and didn't agree with my previous 2 star review. We both thought our mothers would really enjoy it because it was something different and they'd like the music. I couldn't stand the music after the 2nd time. Not sure how the cast takes it day in and day out. If I keep finding really cheap tickets and have someone to bring for the first time I would probably go again.
Stunning show. Something I have never experience before in my life of shows. Actors definitely gets the crowd involved with dancing and interactive displays at times they are are right in your face. Water show is amazing. I won't spoil much of the show. Just an FYI it is a standing show that requires to move around at times  so if you're coming after a long hards day of work and want to relax, then you're going to the wrong show.
My friend took me here for a graduation gift and we had such a good time. I really enjoyed the show and it was very well put together. The production was just amazing. I highly recommend it.
Don't want to give anything away, but it was a great interactive show. This was my first interactive show and I was highly impresses. Lets just say you get to see a good show while being a part of it! Be prepared to dance, get wet and stuff thrown all over you. (this could be avoided of course, but I advise to join in the fun). I suggest if you are a girl to bring a small purse not a tote so you can participate in the madness!
This show is goose bump good. Inspirational, fun, invigorating! I would recommend this show to EVERYONE! The performers and extremely talented and they make you feel like you are apart of the show. We danced the whole time it was like a giant party with confetti, lights , and water! My friends and I left feeling like we were on cloud 9. I really hope this show comes to the bay area I want to take everyone I know!
Very Different from a broadway show. My awesome cousins decided to surprise my boo and i with tickets to the show.  We had no idea what to expect.  We assumed it was just a sit down broadway show. Sike. Fuerza Bruta is the first interactive show i've ever been to.  It was interesting and entertaining.  One minute you're watching a guy run like Tom Cruise through walls, the other there are girls inches above you in a ceiling water tub sliding around.   With a house music soundtrack, this show is very lively and for sure entertaining.
So, like many reviewers advised I went into this show without really any prior knowledge or expectations, and although I didn't hate the show, I wish someone had been more straightforward on what to expect... hence my review.  I will try to refrain from spilling too many details as it is still great going in without knowing what acts to expect - but I think it's important to know what you're generally signing yourself up for. If you do not enjoy house music, spontaneous raves, bright lights, getting wet, or in general, having your senses assaulted by aforementioned items for an hour - DO NOT BUY TICKETS.  This is also not a show for small children, as you will be standing during the entire duration of the show.  Additionally, there is some nudity during the show, but I definitely wouldn't say it was overtly sexual.  One other thing to mention is it is warm (and humid) in the room so dress/layer appropriately.  And don't expect a lot of acrobatics - this is NOT Cirque Du Soleil.  I think this is more a visual experience. That being said, I thought the show was innovative and presented a lot of awesome visuals and experiences for you to soak in.  Unfortunately though, I'm just one of those people with a short attention span and I felt the length of some of these acts were much longer than I would have liked.. and somewhat monotonous.  (I tend to enjoy shows with a storyline more.)  At the core of it, it's just a fun show. If you don't want to get wet, you definitely have the option of standing to the sides/edges of the room but I think to truly enjoy the show, it's best to be involved, to dance, to get wet, and definitely have a few drinks before it starts.  (Make sure to go to the bathroom before though!)   Lastly, when you buy tickets, don't pay face value.  There are a number of discounts out there (including on 4square) that will allow you to get tickets for $35/$40.
A cool sensory experience. I loved it but I'll admit it's not for everyone. It feels like theater/performance mixed with club/rave. You are on your feet and there's a lot happening around you. There really isn't a plot, it's just visual/sensory. You may get wet. It's fun and it's unlike anything I've experienced before. This isn't a typical theater show so don't come here with your mom. If you like new, interesting and slightly odd experiences, I think you'd appreciate this show.
Amazing show.  Hard to describe it.  You just have to go.
Cirque du soleil meets acid. That is the best description I can give for this show. This show is so different and fun! After going through this experience, I feel as if I have just journeyed through someone's trippy dreams. I can't even begin to describe this... JUST GO! Bring a friend, bring a date, or a family member. Reading these reviews won't do it justice, you really have to be there. I'm wiling to bet you've never experienced a show quite like this. *Tip* You can get discounted tickets through broadwayoffers or try googling it.
What an amazing performance.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but this blew me away.  I love the diversity, intensity, and movement of this performance.  The 10-minute rave session at the end was definitely unexpected as well, but it all flowed and was brilliant!  I wouldn't recommend this if you can't stand for an hour on end... maybe the only downside.  Do it if you can!
Fuerza Bruta = Minda fucka Nina In the best way possible. Don't take anyone who would be that friend at a club nagging you to go home from the minute you walk in. This requires that crazy friend whose been known to dance on bars and take her bra off...you know...that chick. I won't give anything away. Other than you will have an amazing time. Get into it. Ladies leave your pumps at home. Dudes don't wear your vintage leather jacket. Best show I've seen in awhile.
My friend was always telling me about them. At the end, i had a chance to see this amazing show.. There is nothing to tell about it. You must see!
If I had to rate what I just experienced on a scale of 1 to 10, I would give it a Crazy. If I had to describe it in one word? Anoffbroadwayshowthatwasasexlessorgydancepartyrave­whereitrainedindoorsandpeopleswamoverheadandfought­hurricanes.
What an interesting experience. I don't want to spoil the show for you so I won't divulge whats going on but if I could make a suggestion to not carry anything or bring a towel to check in as there is a part of a show that one has the option of getting wet. Just go with an open mind, be prepared to be part of the show and enjoy
So I only heard a bit about Fuerzabruta before actually watching the show last night.  It  was a Friday night, a bit warm since all of us were running around the city trying to do last minute errands and trying to get to our meeting spot on time but we were all pretty excited but not sure of what to expect - definitely high expectations. The NYC Trailer was really good  youtube.com/watch?v=taBA…  and this show got really good reviews so we were pretty psyched about doing something different on this Friday summer night.  Union Square was alive and the energy was pretty fierce.   The 8 of us met up and scurried into the theater with only a few minutes to spare.  First you go down the stairs into a 'lounge' where you can check your coats, get some drinks, check out their CDs, t-shirts, etc, but as mentioned, we didn't really have much time for that.   We went upstairs to this wide open space where there were I would say about 150 - 200 people standing in a marked circle in a Pavlovian like way.  We wandered to the far end of the room and just milled around waiting for something to happen.  Then the spacey/melodic trance like music started playing, geting louder, and faster which was followed by lights. I won't spoil the show for you but it was very different, very avant garde, almost like a Cirque-like artshow.  There was a lot of energy from the performers as you can tell they were very fierced up by the music and the vibe they received from the audience which in turn revved up the audience as well.  I definitely have not been to a show like this before and it was a strangely cultish unique experience that almost reminded my of days way back when we went to an occasional rave.  I was waiting for them to break out the glow sticks and for an Ecstacy dealer to approach me in the dark corners of the rest room but alas there was no such experience here.   Definitely don't get dressed up and get ready to feel strangely energized and be prepared to get a little wet, a little sweaty, and you may find yourself screaming, shouting, or cheering for things you normally would find very strange - most of all have fun.   The only downside I see to this is that after a long day of work and running around to get things done, standing during a show for a bit over an hour in a fairly humid and hot room was not much fun but definitely necessary as the show would probably not work as well if we were all sitting.   And the price of the show considering it was only about an hour and it is an off broadway production (we found $51 tickets but they can get up to $75 each so try to find a deal).  For $20 - $30 more, you can see Cirque or something on broadway that has a much larger set and a more grandiose production but I guess you are paying for the unique experience that you can't really get anywhere else.  Don't be shocked to see the 75 year old gray haired grandfather with a cane standing next to you raving it up and throwing his hands in the air like he was possessed or sniffed a little Elmer's before walking in. There is an 8PM show and a 10PM show and there are alot of great restaurants around in that area so bring some cash, call out some friends, and have a good, but definitely different kind of fun time.
This is as good as it gets for me. Music (lovely), choreography (amazing), oddness factor (5+). If you are an open minded person who loves unique performance art, then this is for you. I wasn't sure what to expect but what I got was on the edge thrilling and amazing AWESOME ART. Like others, I was blown away. Come with an open mind and the rest will follow. Enjoy the ride!
Pros: I liked the overall plot of the show and understood it easily. I did not get wet except some sprinkles from the parts of the show where they sprayed us with water. Stand on the sides and back if you don't want to get wet. However, you might not get picked to interact with the actors as much. I liked the water scene but my neck was hurting halfway through the ~20 minute segment. Cons: There were 2 or 3 segments of the show where the actors would do a synchronized dance piece and all I kept on thinking was when were they going to be done since it was repetitive and not technically difficult. It was still a fun show to go to but perhaps not worth the $45/tix. But
Do not bother going to this show. They do a few things in the show, and none of them are that great. It would be better if it was a club.
STOP READING THE REVIEWS AND JUST GO SEE IT! This show makes no sense! I am so glad I paid no attention to the weirdass commercials I saw for it on TV nor did I do any research on it so it was an incredible surprise when my friend took me here tonight. It was psychedelic, confusing, exhilarating, and just a lot of fun. (The crew and performers are astonishingly organized and energetic) When we were exiting the theater (theater doesn't even seem appropriate to describe it), all of us couldn't stop chattering excitedly about Fuerza Bruta. I overheard one guy describe it as "all kinds of badass". That's a good way of putting it, sir. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS?  GO ALREADY. (I suggest you get a good buzz or high, it will make the experience even more badass).
one of the funnest shows i've seen in a while.  the show just emanates the essence of cool. i loved the interactive nature of it, you don't just sit back and watch, you're a part of the energy and interact with the dancers. i bought the CD and loved the music they played.   the show was so fun that at the end, the "rain" came pouring down in the middle of the stage and me and my friend went and danced in it getting ourselves soaking wet.  as my friend commented, "you know it's a good show when a black girl will get her hair wet for it!" we got the $25 rush tickets luckily.  i wouldn't pay full price for it as it was really short, about an hour.
I came here for a private party which included the performance and open bar. Although at times I felt like this would be an epileptics nightmare, overall I think the variety in performance was pretty cool. I didn't necessarily understand everything I was seeing and found it fun to move around (the bar moved with the show which was fun). The space itself is okay and has a downtown feel which is a stark contrast from Broadway shows so it might not be for everyone. Plus, you stand for the entire show, you get wet, and paper and styrofoam fly everywere.
This show is amazing... It's unconventional, very abstract, and offers sensory stimulation galore. It's is not for someone looking for traditional theater with a plot line, climax, and conclusion. The rush tickets were great deal for $25 but I would recommend this at the regular price as well.
Thanks Yelp! What a night... I knew this was a different kind of show but actually didn't realize I would be standing for the entire performance before I got there. I was skeptical and a little nervous at the thought of being confined to a room with strangers. I get claustrophobic what can I say? Once the show began though, I was completely immersed in the experience. You really lose yourself and time flies by. I loved how interactive the show is, and how the energy from the performers penetrates through everyone in the room. Spectacular stunts, emotions, lighting, music, sound effects. Everything! And the crew! Lord they were so on point and made the show enjoyable and safe for everyone. This is a MUST SEE!!!
Being a starving actor, I won't say that this show is a narrative-based, human experience-relating piece of theatre. I still don't know exactly what I witnessed at Fuerza Bruta, BUT, I know that it was pretty freakin' awesome!! It feels like Cirque du Soleil, a rave, a techno club, and an interactive experience all rolled into one! Do not go to this show if you don't want to let loose and dance and get wet and delve into a sensory experience. The wallflowers who back up against the wall, don't dance, and avoid the water like it's acid-=NO FUN. Everyone will get spritzed. If you stand in the center of the room, toward the end, and let the water pour down on you, yes, you will get soaked. But it's fun! And, if you're really worried about your hair or outfit, you can avoid looking like a drowned rat (your feet WILL get wet, so don't wear your Louboutins. Also, you'll be standing for 90 minutes, so again, no heels unless you're superwoman) I will be taking everyone who visits the city, and is up for a party, to this show. It's not good for Grandma or people who don't have an inclination for loud music, trippy lights, and dancing. Best for a younger crowd (not little kids, they might get trampled on in the crowd) or a night on the town. It's worth it! I loved it!
I think this is by far one of the most entertaining shows i have ever seen. It's not for kids & certainly for a senior audience, as you'll be standing through out the show. I really don't want to give away too much, as i think everyone should go experience it on their own. But know this: it's quite interactive in a way, wear shoes you can stand in for over 60 minutes, wear clothes that you don't mind getting wet. I've been once with friends, but plan on taking my brother & sisters next month, it's a LOT of fun!
I didn't expect anything from this show. And it was truly impressive. The best thing was probably that I could bring my parents as well as my younger brother and we were all equally pleased with the show. Keep up the good work guys!
We got a deal for this and paid half price. That being said it gets 4 stars for half price and maybe 3 stars for full price. Visually it was amazing, the colors, the imagery, the movement; Sound-ly, the music was really cool, the beats were in line with the "plot" and everything seemed to go together. The fact that at one point you are able to "touch" the actors and go face to face with them, creates a more unique experience The plot though didn't make sense after the first 20 minutes; there may have been symbolism but it was hard to really understand. The best part was the DOWNPOUR!! don't wimp out and stand to the side, when the rain comes just revel in it, it makes you feel free for a few minutes and you could see that everyone is having a blast and ignoring that they will be cold once the water stops. Overall cool experience I would recommend trying it. Also look for coupons online as well as a playbill for the show because there is a 50% off deal there.
This was an amazing show.. OMG I was so amazed at the energy and how exhilarating the experience was... this was like a grunge street party in Brazil where everyone is free to experience it how ever they want.. I WANT TO LIVE HERE!! lol
Sensory overload!  But all in a good way!  This is an interactive show, and the more you let loose and participate, the more fun you'll have.  I've never seen anything quite like it. We got rush tickets a couple hours before the show for $26.50 per ticket.  It seemed like there were plenty to go around, and they weren't holding people to the 2 ticket per person limit. Spectacular show!  I won't ruin the surprise for you.  Just go with an open mind and experience this fun, creative show yourself!
WOW. First of, can I just say, I saw Fuerza Bruta 2 and a half years ago, and I still list it as one of the best shows I've ever seen (I was a drama major, so I've seen a LOT of shows). Background story: After a long journey abroad, me and my group were spending a week in NY to share our stories (yes, as a play). We had TWO nights off to see shows,  and this being my first time to NYC, I was stoked. I had REALLY wanted to see Hair. But my director had convinced us that we HAD to see Fuerza Bruta. I had no idea what it was, and even though I really wanted to see a show on Broadway, I decided to go with my friends. BEST DECISION I MADE IN NY. It was the most thrilling viewing experience I have ever seen. I aspire to create performances as stellar as this, and often cite it as a major inspiration. It's completely unique, and that's why I love it. Don't come expecting tap dancing and a linear plot though. If you come with an open mind, it could very well change your view on entertainment/art/storytelling. THANK YOU FUERZA BRUTA!
I'd been to see this companies previous show and that was amazing, but Fuerza Bruta excelled it. Sights and sounds, a feast for the senses. I queued in the hot weather while my sister was at work and it paid off. We got the good value rush tix for about 25 bucks. I got very excited when they were the interval show at the Eurovision Song Contest a year or two ago. Albeit a bit raunchy for the Irish mammies to be watching on da telly :) There is water involved so be careful with your phones and cameras folks
Definitely a good time if you're going with a group of people that like to dance! Saw a bunch of party poppers with their hands in their pockets the whole time. I say go, dance, get wet, and dance some more!
