I am by no means a very artsy person, and I'll be the first to admit that I don't really go to broadway shows on anything near a regular basis.  I ended up watching Wicked because a girlfriend of mine was dying to go and I happened to not have any plans that day. Good decision. I went into Wicked not knowing what to expect at all, and left amazed.  First of all, its hilarious.  I couldn't stop laughing.  The wit in the writing is world-class.  I love how the story just gives the classic Wizard of Oz a totally new perspective - and a great heart-warming one as well. Beyond the absolutely amazing writing, the talent is ming-boggling.  Again, even though I would be the last person to claim any expertise in singing, I still must say the songs and voices that carried them were unlike anything I had seen before. One of the most amazing performances I have ever seen, I recommend it for theatre lovers, the random excursion, and especially for the person who thinks they wouldn't like a musical... you will.
saw the original cast and it was good!
Not nearly as good as the LA Pantages or the London Apollo Victoria.  I've been wanting to see Wicked on Broadway for years.  I am sadly disappointed.  Miscast main characters with poor comedic timing and faulty sound projections. Kerry Ellis, I am really disappointed in you.  I've never seen you perform live, only in video, and I was filled with chills when I booked tickets to see you at the Gershwin.  You shattered my excitement the second you sang "The Wizard and I" with your lazy demeanor, tired voice, and dispassionate performance.   That was the moment I knew that this particular Wicked would fail to reach my expectations.  You sound nothing like your recordings.  Even your speaking voice was windy and soft, like a mouse.  You couldn't hold a note for more than 7 seconds and you sang the high vocals lower than written.  "Defy Gravity" was a vocal disaster and your timing was all wrong in "For Good."  Shame on you and your lack of professionalism.  Also, I heard that your nasally voice isn't from your English accent, it's what you do because you believe it sounds like an American accent.  I'm not sure whether or not you're mocking us, or if you're just that clueless.  Drop the wheezing. Idina Menzel, Eden Espinosa, Shoshana Bean, and even Teal Wicks, have performed far beyond my expectations.  Why couldn't you?  And I saw Teal Wicks when she was SICK, so that's not an excuse. Also, I have to apologize to you, Kendra Kassebaum, for not enjoying your take on Glinda.  Once you've seen Megan Hilty perform, with her perfect comedic sugary portrayal and operatic shrills, no one can impress you.  Kristin Chenoweth did get close though.  With that said, your deep manly-ish singing does not match Glinda in the slightest.  You can't giggle and squeal during dialogue only.  It doesn't make sense.  You also have no sense of comedic timing whatsoever.  You are completely clueless about the set up of a punchline.  And as a result, you are just not funny. Three stars because I can't bring myself to give my favorite musical a score of less-than-average.  Also, Aaron Tveit has got to be the best Fiyero I've ever seen.  His performance was very poppy, as it should be, while never sacrificing substance or scrimping on technical basics.  In other words, you weren't lazy, and I applaud you.  I'm sure you got the strongest applause that night as well.   Things did pull together after the intermission, once they fixed the projection of the sound.  Honestly, wouldn't you check the equipment before the start of the show??  This is supposed to be professional entertainment afterall.  Sadly, none of the "high points" were enough to make up for the disastrous interpretations of otherwise amazing, ingenious songs.
wickedly funny, wickedly good. i would never have gone if not for my broadway-crazy friend visiting from florida. voices of all actresses and actors were solid. storyline was good and funny. love it so much!
This was a great show to watch with a close friend. Some say its geared more towards women, well yeah, its about two females...!
I took advantage of the 2 for 1 special during Broadway Week, and saw Wicked! The show was great. I couldn't believe how good the voice was of the Wicket Witch. The songs were great and stuck with you after the show, the costumes were amazing, and the show even had a lot of unexpected humor. I thought it was a great show, among the best I've seen in the past couple of years, and a lot lighter than most. Highly recommended
I was honestly a bit underwhelmed with Wicked, but it was still amazing.  If the 205$ price tag was not attached, I would have enjoyed it more.  I think there is SO much hype surrounding this play, that I was expecting a bit more.  The actors and actresses amazing. Singing, amazing.  Costumes, amazing.  THE STORY, AMAZING!!   I thought there would be so much more to the set and special effects.  I guess the hype is more based on the acting and story plot rather than the wow factor.   I was not wowed a lot in the 2 hours and 45 minutes of the play.  This was probably due to the fact that it was FREEZING in the theater.  Multiple people around us complained to management about temperature control.   I loved the "Defying Gravity" scene as well as "Popular".  I'm going to assume these are the two most loved songs in the show.  We saw Richard H. Blake in his last show as Fiyero-he was definitely awesome.  Elphie and Glinda were awesome as well.  I definitely recommend this for a younger audience for sure.  My grandma did not appreciate it as much as my sister and I did...we are 20 and 24--my mom absolutely loved it as it was her first broadway show.  Take your teens and young girls, but get a deal on the tickets--spending over 800 dollars for 4 people to see a show is a bit much..but do not miss out!! P.S. -- go to Tony's DiNapoli afterwards for dinner!
my favorite broadway show of ALL TIME. the music was terrific, the costumes were amazing, the acting was superb, and the story line was entertaining!! ugh, i love it, i have to go back to see it again...
An excellent show which doesn't take itself too seriously and plays off the source material well. The current leads, Lindsay Mendez and Katie Rose Clarke, pulled off a great performance. The seats I had were from the lottery (lucky, eh?) and were front-row, far right. When I say far-right, I mean "obstructed view" far-right, which is the main reason why I can't give this show 5 stars; I couldn't see the entire stage. If you get tickets: front-row mezzanine is the way to go!
AMAZING!  You felt for every character in the play - good & bad, ugly & pretty, human & animal/green.  My friends and I bought tickets on StubHub two months prior to the event. We sat in the last row of the Gershwin Theater and it was still a great performance.  You could hear all the intonations of their voices and their costume designs were superb.  Audience members were literally tearing up when "Defying Gravity" and "For Good" were sung.  The only bad part about the last row was not being able to see the  detailed facial expressions of the characters.  I'd definitely go back to watch it again, but next time in Front Mezzanine :).  I'd also purchase the tickets a year in advance, since that seems to be the only way to get them below $100!
If you are in NYC you must go see Wicked. Period. It is fantastic, we sat in the Orchestra and could see and hear everything perfectly but walking into the theater you just know that you are in for something amazing. A must see. Seriously. Just do it. You will be soooo glad that you did.
I have seen all the big productions including Phantom, Cats, Miss Saigon, Les Miserables, Lion King, Mamma Mia, and others. Wicked is the best. It is intelligent, energetic, and visually stunning. This was the 3rd time seeing Wicked!
Creative. Unique. Fun. Wicked is an epitome of all the things a musical should be.
Just didn't live up to the hype for me.  I thought the story lacked character development and I found I just didn't care much about them.  Still, great sets and interesting costumes.
For this small town girl, going to NY for the first time PLUS getting to see a Broadway show is kind of a BIG deal. When I told people that I was planning my first trip to NYC one of the first questions they asked me was; "so, are you going to see a Broadway show?" Sadly my answer to them was; "nope, we'll be too busy with the museums and everything else."  Of course this was all before my sweetie surprised me with tickets to Wicked for my b-day. "Too busy" HA! In NY there is *always* time for a Broadway show. I'd heard plenty of comments and reviews from friends on how amazing this show was. So I tried not to have high expectations. But walking into the theater I couldn't help but feel like something magical was about to take place. The Gershwin Theater is really beautiful. Our seats were in the upper level on the aisle with a perfect center view. I doubt there are any seats with a bad view. The special effects, lighting, set design and costumes were shear perfection. The Orchestra was phenomenal. I was blown away by the talent that dripped off these seasoned performers. I was also pleasantly surprised by the comic relief throughout the show. Galinda and Elphaba with their punchy one liners and clever banter. SO CUTE! Truly an experience that I've never had before. BRAVO for Wicked!!
Great show with lots of laugh ever~~~~ I went to a show with my 7 year old boy and we were laughing together. All the songs were beautiful and the stage was constructed very creatively. Two thumbs up~~~
Really a wonderful show.  Not to be "that guy," but the original cast was just something unbelievable.  New cast is amazing... but just not the same. That being said, truly amazing show!  Good luck on getting lottery tickets... this show is hard to lotto in.  fyi.
Fabulous show! The 2-3 hour wait to get my hands on the "canceled tickets" was totally worth it. The music, acting, set, costumes were all great and entertaining. Great story line and drama with a perfect dose of comic relief. I love musicals and went with a great company so I may be a wee bit biased on how much I loved the experience, but I have yet to meet a person who hasn't absolutely loved the show.
The best musical play i've seen in my life. It's the second time I see it . It's a musical, an opera, a fairytale, funny, emotional, interesting, the lighting, the costumes. The most important: the music and voices, the message. It's in one of the biggest theaters in New York, you can sit comfortably, with space. The two main characters are two queens singing. At the end there is no good or evil, just the interpretation each one gives. It's a joy. The public reaction was hilarious. Everybody fell into the story. I was speechless at the end, i went into tears.
Great Show...Only thing missing was a song from the original Wizard of Oz..  Then it would be perfect!
An absolutely amazing but expensive broadway show. Really great plot, set, music and costumes. I am straight and saying it was awesome. LMAO. As far as who really was the wicked witch, well thats for you to decide
Saw Wicked this weekend. It is one of the two best musicals I've ever seen, second only to Les Miserables.  The best part was the story, a behind the scenes to the wizard of oz that paints the wicked witch of the west as the hero and Glinda the good witch as her on again off again ally. Glinda was hysterical and my favorite character - very much reminded me of Reese Witherspoon in legally blonde. Great set and lighting. The music was good but not les mis or else this would be my number 1 all time. We saw lion king the next night and were like "eh" - wicked had ruined it by being so good.
If you're anything like me (and the other 99.9% of Americans) you were raised on the cinematic classic Wizard of Oz. The tale of Dorothy and all the wonderful characters from the Land of Oz has stood the test of time and fortunately has never been truly attempted as a remake. There have been takes on it like The Wiz starring Diana Ross and Michael Jackson but none have come close to what made Wizard of Oz so amazing. However the new "second best thing" has to be Broadway's Wicked. I really had no expectations about Wicked except that I knew it would be good, at the least. Most Broadway shows that get the kind of accolades (plus shit load of Tony Awards) that Wicked received usually live up to the hype. So when a couple of my lady friends decided to invite me to a show, how could I say no? Before heading over to the Gershwin Theater, we made a stop at Uncle Nick's for a Greek dinner at one of the areas best whole in the walls. I'll tell you more about the meal in another post. I'll sum it up by saying it was delicious and affordable. My favorite combination. Now that our mouths had engulfed enough Greek salad to feed a small village, I was looking forward to my eyes and ears feasting on some Broadway greatness. That my friend is exactly what happened. From the moment we reached the theater the buzz of the crowd was enough to give you butterflies. The set design with the curtain still down was a cool arrangement of forest meets factory. Over the entire stage was a giant dragon that moved on cue and would play a great visual effect later in the show. After being seated there was nothing left to do but to enjoy the show. Now for those of you who have no idea what is about, it's essentially a prequel to the original Wizard of Oz. The story circles around the Witches of Oz, Glinda the Good Witch and Elphaba, better known as the Wicked Witch of the West. It's the back story to what led to both women becoming witches and why they became good or evil. Both witches meet as young girls and though they don't initially click because of their polar opposite personalities, they eventually become friends and that's when the real struggle begins. Though the story does overlap into the arrival of Dorothy into Oz later in the show, it is only implied and roughly referenced, which to be honest was a great job. I've already watched the original a million times, didn't really need to see it again. The acting was great. You often find yourself rooting for a character one second and then questioning them the next. As with any great show, there was plenty of laughter and a fair share of heart tugging moments. I didn't shed any tears but my friends were crying up a storm, even afterwards. I'm not too cool to cry but I dare say that the emotional connection was probably stronger for women. Now if you put Click on Broadway, you'll see the water works from ol' Crooner. Yes, I cried during Click. What? Anyway, Wicked was definitely a emotional roller coaster. It was also a audio and visual masterpiece. The musical score, while not my personal favorite, was very enjoyable. Songs like "Defying Gravity" and "As Long as Your Mine" were some of the stand outs. The costumes could have been right out the imagination of F. L Baum or Victor Fleming. First start to finish Wicked was a classic. Everything you could ask for in a musical and then some. It's ability to convince the viewer that the Wicked Witch wasn't so Wicked and the Good Witch was so good, is a feat in itself. The mild references to the 1939 classic Wizard of Oz are a great touch and allow the movie to connect with the viewer while still allowing it to fly on its own. Once again, the Wonderful World of OZ reminds us that we aren't in Kansas anymore.
One of the best broadway shows I have ever watched. It was magical because of the special effects. The cast was amazing. There were so many memorable scenes. I loved all the costumes. The starring singer Jackie Burns was truly breath taking to watch and had a beautiful voice.
Wow, truthfully, I wouldn't have caught this production if it wasn't planned by someone else. Let's just say I'm not a Disney-esque* or thereabouts type of broadway performance girl. However, I am sooo sooo glad I did. This show was WICKED indeed! Wicked is performed at one of the largest theatres on Broadway. We got the best tickets in the house and so had superb seats. I especially loved the props they had**  and loved Glinda (played by Kristin Chenoweth - my favorite b-way actress. Actually I think my liking of the show has a lot to do with her playing the lead). I believe I actually liked the songs they had too! WOW so darn wicked. *Yep I know this is not by Disney. **Yes I can be so superficial. It's all about the props and the shoes ;p
I was a little skeptical about Wicked due to the story line, wouldn't have been my first Broadway show but went with a friend in town.  Very glad I made it, spent $150 pp seats n103-104 (perfect seating).  I was so impressed by the story line, it was funny and the leads are incredible.
We purchased our tickets 2 - 3 months in advanced. I went with my cousin. Even in the balacony we had great seats because it is easy to see and hear. I went just last week so the performer for the witch of the west was new. WOW! This cast is great and the tie in to the Wizard of Oz was interesting. While the performer for the good witch hit operatic octaves the endurance of the witch of the west had the longevity in her voice. I wasn't bored for a moment. Surprisingly enough you could bring liquor in the theater. Who knew?
My hubby took me to NYC just to see Wicked and Jackie Burns as Elphaba (Wicked) as we had seen Jackie perform in several shows in South Florida. The broadway show is amazing with lots of extras that you don't have on a traveling show.....Monkey's flying over the audience and the costumes (including the shoes) were magnificent!! Jackie's performance will bring tears to your eye especially at the end of act one.....Wicked is one of those shows that has a great message about two people with differences but are really more alike than they think....it will also give you a new perspective on the old Wizard of Oz!  Don't miss this great play!
Excellent play. I went to see this play with my mother, and we both enjoyed it immensely. The play is sad at times, funny at others, and always interesting. The stars had beautiful voices, and didn't miss a beat. I have seen several plays on broadway and along with "Lion King" and "In the Heights," this is one of my favorites. The tickets are pricey, but its worth it. TIP: I saw this play from row T, seats 12 and 14. THis was about 5  seats away from the center isle. I felt that these seats were great. Try not to be too off on the side or too far back. I wouldn't recommend the rear mezz.
We saw the show last year, in the summer, and it was one of the best on Broadway in recent years. At least at that performance, the vocals were phenominal, and the show is Broadway at its best.  I think it will be around for many years, and It is a show I could go to more than once.
What I enjoyed most was the message that happiness is not necessarily achieved through the realization of dreams but only through faith in and  being true to oneself. Also Teal Wicks is so hot.
It was very good.  I love a story that can take something that we are all familiar with and come with twists and turns to show some of the other side of the story.  Wish there were more of these.
Honestly one of my favorite shows I've ever seen. My 12yo daughter and 8yo son both loved it and were engrossed throughout the entire show. Costumes, music, story and performers were all amazing. I've read the book, and the stories were pretty different. Don't judge this show based on the book ... I preferred the musical. If there weren't so many other great shows I wanted to see in New York, I'd go right back and watch Wicked again. Maybe when it comes back through DC.
Great show!!!  The two leading stars were uniquely talented and so good together.  I enjoyed the references to the movie and the clever word play  kept it interesting.  The depth of character development and the story even brought me to tears at times-- I always find it fascinating to learn what makes people tick and this show did not disappoint.  This is a full night of entertainment, over around 10:45pm.  I hesitated to pay full price--but it was definitely worth it.  I absolutely loved it!
Watching Wicked was on my list of to-do-things for years now...So I was totally excited when I got tickets for last Sunday's 3 pm show. The show started, and I waited to be blown away.. I waited and waited. But that just did not happen... I really wanted to love the show, but I think it has been over-hyped... Don't get me wrong.. The show is def worth a watch, but for me it was not as memorable as say The Lion King.
Amazing! I took my 8 year old daughter for her birthday and WE LOVED IT! Amazing story, amazing cast, amazing set! Every1 did an amazing job, never a dull moment.  Our seats were in the 3rd row, worth every penny! Wicked!
Absolute perfection. I didn't want to go to a Broadway play because I don't like musicals. Wicked changed my mind! I knew nothing of the story - and I'm glad everything blew me away!
I LOVED it.  I saw it with Kristen and Idina and loved it every bit as much.  I took my 8 year old granddaughter and it was even better seeing it through her eyes.  I cried!
You don't have to be a Wizard of Oz fan to appreciate the music and storyline of Wicked but you'll appreciate it more if you know the Wizard of Oz. Wicked is it's prequel and tells the story of how the Wicked witch and her sister came to be.  The theater is really large for a Broadway show and it's always packed. Don't get a seat in the first four rows because you'll be above the Orchestra Pit and the conductor's movements may be distracting.
one word = amazing!
yelp.com/biz/2K2EKU2t86V… I saw Ave Q last week (SF tour opening night), and it was by far the best show I've seen this year. Not anymore! Holy crap Wicked is so ... wicked.
i have been to few broadway shows and wicked has been one of my favorite, the tic is not cheap, but i have seen it twice and know all the songs, great music and i tear up every time i hear the song"for good". this is broadway at it's best, great act + fabulous songs+beautiful stage design.
Kerry Ellis is amazing!  She is incredibly ON.  wow.  I was seriously blown away.  Very powerful performance but also fun and enjoyable for most people.  Kept me captivated the entire time - very talented cast.  Many goosebumps throughout!  I will see it again in November with my mom.  Younger kids will appreciate the original Wizard of Oz more, as well as any of the Disney Broadway shows.
I'm a straight adult male, so when I wanted to go see this, I felt a little weird about myself. The Gershwin is a nice place, but the show was very underwhelming. Maybe had I seen it  pre-hype, or even pre-backlash I would have been more apt to enjoy it. The sets were neat, acting was fine, but the price to product ratio was not satisfying at all.
I waited to watch this show for a couple months. My date finally won the ticket lottery on his 4th try! So, we got front row seats for $26.25/each compared to the $300 ticket-seats behind us. I could see the actors spit - and they spit a lot. I could see the wrinkles on their faces. I could see the wig lines. Anyways - you get the point. - I was close. The set was amazing, perfect to every last detail. I thought the singing was great and powerful. The story/lyrics was well-written as well. I can't talk too much about this without giving away the story line, just go watch it!
Wicked is truly one of the best on Broadway.   I saw it last night and cannot stop thinking and talking about it.  I go to Broadway shows pretty regularly and I must say Wicked was well worth every penny!  We had excellent seats; orchestra front center however the theater isn't too large I would imagine most of the seats to be perfectly fine.   Acting, singing, story, costumes - phenomenal!!!  To the surprise of most patrons it had some incredibly funny moments.  I laughed, I got teary eyed, some moments the powerful singing gave me goosebumps! A truly enchanting evening!! Love, love , love!! Go see it!
One of our favorite musicals.  Just saw it again yesterday and everytime we see it we see new things we missed before.  As good as it gets with great music and acting.  Only broadway show that I think beats it was Les Misables but it is not on broadway anymore. Amazing performance.  Amazing story,  Amazing music.
The music \ the staging everything is Great...but why OH Why do I always attend a performance where the special effect does not work.  No flying witch for me.
5 stars. Out of control. Saw this musical on my first night in NYC... after a 5:20 AM flight from Dallas to Charlotte, followed by a flight to Newark and the trip to midtown. Didn't really expect to stand up to leave the theater energized. The music was great, the acting was great, the set was AMAZING.
4 stars for a solid and memorable show. But honestly skip it unless you're a fan of the songs already / you or your girlfriend somehow already wants to see it specifically / you're a huge wizard of Oz fan. I did not find this to be among the best musicals I've seen and for the fact that this is such a famous Broadway, I was slightly disappointed. A bit over priced.
We decided to take the kids to NYC for a couple days before Christmas and take in a production.  Found a hotel and tickets to Wicked and the plans were set.  Seats were pretty good.  As the show started I was very concerned, the sound was very low and I had trouble making out some of the dialogue.  Thought it would be a long night if it didn't improve, which eventually did.  The show was quirky, funny and really good.  The set, the costumes and the acting/singing were all top notch.  The last scene and song from the last scene of the first act was incredible.  Best part of the night was hearing my kids say over and over again how much they loved it! Two issues: 1) the sound to start was poor but eventually improved 2) why in the world would a theatre sell candy and snacks that have a plastic wrapper that crinkles very loudly when people open and reach in???  Lady behind us was incredible rude and annoying as she munched away, clueless as she stuffed her face with Swedish fish!
We got tickets for Wicked as a gift for my daughter's 12th birthday. My children (15 and 12) had never seen a show on Broadway, though they've enjoyed theater events in and around Boston since they were quite young. The show was just right -- enough humor and action to keep my son engaged while my daughter was enthralled with the costumes, music and back story of her favorite Wizard of Oz. The story was well told and the players were good -- though there was a mid-show switch of one of the two main actresses which threw me a bit since I'd never experienced that before. While I was enjoying the first actress very much, the second was clearly more experienced and vocally gifted -- eclipsing the actress that remained. I wouldn't have noticed this had the original actress continued the show, since she seemed well matched with her counterpart. But when the new actress stepped in, her co-star's performance (which was very good, mind you) started to morph into a bit of a high-school play. Again, I wouldn't have noticed had the first actress remained but her replacement was just so much more seasoned that it caused the second half to be a bit off balance for me. Regardless, it was a lovely evening and a fine show that all would enjoy -- and seemed to, as the audience bubbled up with shout-outs at several points during the show! I had never experienced anything like that in a formal theater. I guess people are simply more casual than they used to be (with my family dressed for the occasion while the majority of patrons wore jeans). Guess I miss the old days!
The storyline for this play was very creative. It's the prequel to The Wizard of Oz. The actors were impeccable. It's worth seeing. I would definitely see it again.
Best Broadway show I've ever seen. Absolutely looooved it, and I will probably go watch it again one of these days. Everything from the writing, the acting, and the songs, especially the songs, were amazing. Even though it came out many years ago, the story is still relevant, and I think will continue to be for awhile. I also saw Jersey Boys a couple weeks later, and it was almost a disappointment compared to Wicked.
LOVED the show. Phenomenal!
This is one of the best musicals I have ever seen! The kicker was that I won these first row tickets too for $20!! It does not get better than this, especially in NYC!!! This musical was so good it turned my cousin (who hated musicals before seeing this one) into a musical fan! The signing, the acting, and the storyline were great!
Good, not great. The costumes, background, props, voices and acting was amazing. Not really into musicals. Storyline was unique and made a lot of sense on why things happened in the Wizard Of OZ.  I was expecting to be WOWED but really wasn't. Don't get me wrong, it was good but Jersey Boys, HANDS DOWN, is the best show on Broadway...THE BEST!
Best musical I've seen so far. Period. My company booked the whole theater for our convention group and we had a blast.
Amazing. And I don't generally like to see musicals
Spend the money!  See it!  Now!
If you have the $ to splurge DO IT! It's the most fantastic performance I ever seen. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING was AAAMAZZZINNG! Such talented people together in ONE stage, ONE place, all of them can perform beautifully in singing, dancing, acting, it's just so beautiful to watch and hear.
if you're in NY, watch this show. it is probably THE BEST show on Broadway! i got tickets because of the ticket lottery. i thought we weren't going to get called so i was ready to get in line for the on call tickets. but got lucky and got to watch Wicked FRONT ROW! it was amazing, i cried!!!!
Saw this two years ago, I STILL want to see it again. Loved it. Great show!
WONDERFUL SHOW! I've seen it 3 times and continue to watch it each time I go back to NYC. It is well worth the price you have to pay for tickets since this show does not sell discount tix.
So great I had to see it twice. Once in SF and again at The Gershwin. Trust me, if you're debating seeing this musical Go! But if you have to tinkle or have a thirst make sure you go before intermission (especially if you're a woman who needs to go) lines are long and intermission is short and the ushers arent kind.
Wicked was a really good show, but I don't think I can call it my favorite. The set was amazing, songs were sung well, but is it me, or is Glinda really annoying? I know it's written that way, so I'm not going to base this review off that. I just thought some parts were slow and boring. I wish I had seen this when Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth were performing but overall an excellent performance.
Great show, very entertaining, a different twist to the story of OZ, probably because it's based more on the book I suppose than the first movie. I did feel it's over hyped though and because of that....over priced. But if you're up for a splurge, by all means do check it out.
I wanted to see what all the hype was about and I dragged a friend along.  You either love it or you hate it.  I absolutely hated it!  The vocals are of course fantastic.  However, this musical is for young teenage girls...too much drama!  The scenes are simple and the humor is just not funny.  If you have a daughter, bring her.  She may learn a thing or two about "defying gravity" but please do not pay full price for tickets.
Even though tickets are too expensive, I really enjoyed watching this show. The acting, costumes, storyline, songs, stage setting, etc. were all great. If you liked Wizard of Oz, you'll enjoy learning about this side/alternate story.
I saw Wicked for the 1st time last year, really great show as you may have already heard. Wickedly expensive like most good shows, especially on weekends but do yourself a favor and StubHub yourself some great seats on a weekday. I went on a Tuesday and at $120pp I scored two tickets in about the 9th row!
absolutely outstanding performance. --- especially for center front row orchestra seats at $26.50 apiece. :] i admit, we got lucky and were able to score these tickets on our first attempt at the lottery, but with 13 pairs of tickets given away to a crowd of ~200, the odds aren't that bad! all you have to do is show up at the theatre at least 2 hours before a show and put your name on a slip of paper (no need to show up super early or anything.. we arrived exactly 2 hours ahead of time and they were about to close the door and do the drawing, but they still let us add our names in). 13 winners will be announced at that time and will each be allowed to purchase a pair of tickets. winners need to have a valid ID and must pay in cash, so have that stuff ready. after we won and bought our tickets, we still had an hour and a half till the show so we went and got dinner and came back in time for an amazing show. it was my first broadway experience but i'll definitely be back again!
What can I say? This past weekend was my third time seeing this production, and it never seems to disappoint. I was prompted to write a review because this particularly showing was special. I attended a Girl Scout day event that my little sister and family brought me to. I was so impressed! They had a special souvenir package with great recyclable bags, a t-shirt, program, and poster for a great price. They also had a delightful program for the girls and guests that went through the history and conception of the show followed by games that the kids participated in and then, a real treat...the award-winning costume designer, Susan Hilferty, spoke about her inspiration regarding the costumes and characters. She also talked about her profession and encouraged everyone to use their imaginations and question the symbolic meaning of the clothing we wear. I'm a self-declared glamazon, so I loved this!! They even had a lot of the beautiful costumes on the stage on forms and she went through the painstaking process from beginning to end of how they were made by the seamstresses and invented in her mind. Select girl scouts spoke about their good deeds and competed for a certificate honoring their service to their communities. I really admire how the show paid homage to Girl Scouts and really made a concerted effort to educate and excite kids about the theater. Once the games and educational portion were complete, we were granted an hour break and then came back to see the show. As usual, the cast was wonderful! I especially loved the performer who played Elphaba. Her voice was powerful and he performance was dark and soulful. Glinda was also fantastic. She was funny and prissy, just as she should be. I would recommend this show to anyone who is a regular theater buff or a novice. It's got everything...the fairytale, the music, the wit, the costumes, and an enduring storyline about fitting in and conforming to society's standards. But definitely bring a sweater! It's freezing in there! Enjoy!
First time in New York and Wicked is the perfect Broadway show as a first time guest. Had  excellent seats on the front row of the Mezzanine and the view was fabulous!! Don't asked me why I didn't see this when it was playing in San Francisco all the time I was there? The the show was in walking distance (easy 4 blocks from 48th St.) and was the highlight of our weekend in NY. Excellent show and easily the "Best Musical" I've been to.
New Yorkers may mock the tourists who still flock to see Wicked after a 100-hr run on Broadway, but there are good reasons why it is a hit. 1. It touches you deeply. You can relate to the characters and the situations. 2. The acting is superb. 3. The sets are eye-candy. So much happening all the time. 4. It's anyone's fantasy of what a show on broadway should be. 5. It's a lot of fun. 6. All ages will appreciate it. 7. Go see it!
How can you live/visit NYC without seeing Wicked? I read the book (which I thought was dark) and walked out of the show humming the catchy songs and feeling inspired. This was a great Broadway experience, the theater wasn't too large so it felt intimate, the costumes and cast were phenomenal and props to the bartender who made my $18 glozmopolitan because I was super buzzed by the intermission. I laughed, I cried, I drank. Best $250 I ever spent.
I absolutely LOVED this broadway musical. It was a nice, refreshing twist to the traditional Wizard of Oz. Before the show, I had expectations that this show was going to be good, so I already bought my souvenirs (magnet and the $39 "Defy Gravity" v-neck shirt. It's very cute!) I was SO right! The two main witches were very good singers! I was so impressed! They sang so well, especially in harmony. The broadway was just so unexpected. All I could say was "wow!" afterwards. The music was amazing! My fave songs were "I'm not that girl" and "Defying Gravity." After watching this, you may have to take a second look at all the characters again, especially the Wicked Witch of the West!
I got to see this show about 1 1/2 years ago and it was amazing!!! We had amazing seats, to the point where you could see a hair out of place!! This show was my first show ever so i was in complete awe of the actors and their ability's!! The songs are fun and the storyline was good! Wicked's it for me still my #1 Show and I find myself comparing other shows to it!! I live in Charlotte and the tickets for the traveling show are always so hard to get because they sell out so quickly but I hear that the show is amazing even on the road!!
Our third show in NYC and by far, a favorite! My husband and I drove up from DC for a "babymoon" weekend and decided beforehand to take in this show, per the recommendations of many friends. So glad we did! We opted for the 2:00 Saturday show (which in hindsight we won't do again, more on that later) so that we could take in dinner at Victor's Cafe nearby afterwards. Venue/Set: The theatre itself was nice, but there's something about having people bringing food in from the outside that cheapens the whole experience. That being said, we also found that our first afternoon show was a little too casual for our liking. Having some theatregoers in shorts and tank tops chowing on their outside snackies made me feel like we were chilling in a large AMC theatre, which at $160 a pop was not a good feeling.   Beautifully done set was visible from all seats (we sat on the far left mezzanine). Music: The orchestra did a great job with the tunes, but overall not as memorable of a score as let's say, Phantom. Story: This was by far the best story- ever! It's such a creative take on a classic tale and includes a good bit of humor (especially from G-ah-linda!). By the end, your feelings and understanding of all the characters are vastly different than when you walked in and I'm sure the next time I watch Wizard of Oz, I'll be thinking of this musical the entire time. Bottom line: Great show for people of all ages! On the pricey end, but worth it.
Usually people hype things up for me and then I have super high expectations and I end up thinking something is "Okay." However, WICKED met my high expectations and it was an amazing Broadway experience!! They have excellent actors, actresses, props, and stage directions.  The music is also great!  I'm sure you'll have a good time no matter what seats you have. I don't want to say more cause I don't want to kill someone's experience, but just GO SEE IT!
I saw this with the original cast and was blown away and I just saw it again a couple weeks ago and was less impressed. I still cried like a baby for the duration of intermission, which while completely embarrassing, is completely unavoidable, thank you "Defying Gravity"! The set and costumes are pretty amazing, but sometimes there is just no replacing the original Broadway cast members, no matter how hard you try, and that's how I feel about Wicked. The current cast members are good, but the OBC was just irreplaceable!
Important tips: 1. Arrive at least 30 minutes early for photo ops and an opportunity to explore its space. if you are late, you are only let in 20 minutes after the first act and 10 minutes after the second act. 2. If you are purchasing tickets, better to get Mezzanine tickets than Orchestra. Part of your stage view is blocked off at the very top if you sit towards the back end of the middle level. You get a full view sitting at Mezzanine. 3. Multiple bathroom stalls on the upper level where I was seated at. However, jump in line immediately after intermission because the line gets long really fast. A lot of other yelpers have covered what I want to say. Excellent musicals and super cool stage effects. Worth a visit if you are in town! Also...I didn't realize that some women (not just one or two) don't wash their hands after using the bathroom...
This was truly the highlight of our NYC visit! Before the show, I only knew one song of Wicked... okay, I knew only one or two lines of the song, For Good. Now, my goal is memorize all of it so I can be obnoxious and sing it around the house. My bf chose really amazing seats in the center. We were able to see everything so clearly. The performers were so good, and I was not bored at all during the show. I thought the script was funny and touching and the songs were very relatable to our own lives. At the end of the first half, the crowd went nuts and were clapping/hollering. I have never been at a show where the audience went that wild. It just shows you how great it was! At the end, I was impressed. The audience was so energized by the amazing performance. I really thought everything was perfect. While walking back home, my bf and I kept singing Wicked songs down Broadway. Obviously, we are not professionals, but it's the type of event where everyone is in a great mood and it leaves you with conversation pieces to talk about.
The music was good, the acting was understandably over the top and the plot is tangentially related to one of my all time favorite movies, however when I initially saw this show I was in high school and I thought the plot was straight up bullsh*t. The green girl does not deserve to get shat on because her tan went wrong. Why did everyone side with the blonde? They are only 8% of the population. I should probably watch this now that I'm an adult, but every little girl that watches this should watch youtube videos of Eartha Kitt or Gloria Steinem or Pussy Riot or Mother Theresa or Queen Latifah directly after to see that there are all kinds of girls out there. Harumph.
Hiya folks!!! I'm back! So I took advantage of NYC's 2-for-1 Broadway Week sales and scored two tickets to see Wicked! I've wanted to see this play for a while now. Everyone was telling me how much I would love it. ....side bar...don't you hate when people do that b/c then you are all hyped for something amazing, that probably is amazing but you're expecting mind blowing and while it is, your head didn't literally fall off so you're like..Eh...it was good but not what I thought...I digress..... This play was "Wicked!" (In my best Caribbean accent) No really...I was NOT expecting all of what I got. The night I went a Ms. Donna Vivino was playing "Elphaba" the "bad witch" and HUNTY, she was singing her green butt off!!! and Ms Ga-linda was right there matching note for note. I really enjoyed the story line, the twists, the music and the humor. It is a must see! I mean my ticket was half priced, I attended an event for people who purchased 2-for-1 tickets just before and got free food and drinks...I mean...it was damn near perfect...down to me going with one of my road dogs and on any given day either one of us are the "good" or "bad" witch ourselves. Broadway or Bust P
I have to say, I have waited a long time to watch the play. Wicked has been one of the best rated Broadway shows ever and there is no way that I wasn't going to see it. And I am glad that I did, however I was very disappointed in myself. Let me first comment on the theater: It is grand. It is beautiful It made me feel grand and beautiful. The set was among one of the best I have seen for a Broadway show (mostly because there is a really cool dragon there) and there was a lot more different sets than other Broadway shows. The whole theater had the scenery of a 5 star hotel and even the entrance was grand. The play itself was very interesting and I don't want to give out too much information to spoil you. However, I felt that Wicked itself didn't do itself a favor with advertising what it is about and I had no idea what was about to unfold. Therefore, the story seemed kind of slow at first. What made it worse is that I had a little extra bit of water, so the whole time, I had to use the bathroom not wanting to miss when the plot kicks in. After I got the gist of it, which is around the intermission, the play became so heart-warming and tear-jerking that I wish that I savored the first half of it. It was truly my loss. So in order to give you a good idea of what Wicked is about the above won't happen to you, I will write a brief synopsis. SPOILERS(not really): Wicked is another take on The Wizard of Oz. It is the back story and it provides us with the perspective of Elphaba, the wicked witch who is actually good, and Glinda, the good witch, Elphaba's best friend. This story shows their birth, then rivalry at first, then their hardships, and then it shows the story to what eventually leads to the plot of The Wizard of Oz. I wish I had this information prior to the screening so I didn't just wait for the first half to be over.... Don't let that happen to you! Savor every single second of this play! And don't drink water prior to play. The music was very good, as usual for Broadway, but I really enjoyed the defying gravity song. That song hit me by surprise and it was performed beautifully. The other hits were good and the dancing was sensational. I really enjoyed Fiyero's dancing. He had so much, dare I say it, swagger. Overall, I definitely recommend this play to a Broadway show. Just follow my advice to know what the story is about before seeing it to avoid thinking that the beginning is a bit slow.
I've been trying to watch this show for next to forever.  But everytime I'm in New York it's always on a short notice and I could never get tickets to the show.  Not anymore, I got the lottery tickets on my 3rd attempt and finally got to bask in all the Wicked Glory! I love the show when I watched it.  The set design was spectacular, especially for Defying Gravity.  The costumes were interesting.  But the voices of the actors were just stunning.  I'm sad that I never got to see the original cast because Idina Menzel and Kirsten Chenowenth just have amazing voices.  But the chemistry between the actors were just equally as great.  I cried (yes I'm a cry baby) during both As Long As You're Mine and For Good.  This is definitely a show I recommend.
It's still going strong for  reason - the show is spectacular and you end up losing with defying gravity stuck in you head - its all worth it to spent the extra $$$ for a better seat because this theater is massive!!
By far the best musical ever! I got really good seats smacked at the center...BUT..gershwin theatre is small so any seat even all the way in the back is still close enough for you to see clearly.  I wouldn't suggest sitting up on the mezzanine though.   The makeup, costumes, setting, props...all so wonderfully presented.  Big props to all the staff to created all this.  Very talented.  I was afraid the show would be cheesy, but it wasn't at all...lots of humor.   ENCORE!
What a great set, story line, and theater! I didn't know what to expect and it really exceeded my expectations on all fronts! LOVED it! I sat in the Orchestra row O and my seats couldn't have been better. I searched around and the best deal I found to get my tickets was actually to go to the Wicked website and get tickets there. You are routed to Ticketmaster through the Wicked website, but these seats were cheaper and better than anything else I was able to find through other outlets. If you are pondering whether it's worth it--I would encourage you to see it! So glad I did!
If you want to get great seats for this show, I recommend doing the lottery.   $25 for front row seats are not too shabby.   On weekends, my then manfriend and I would just do the lottery drawing because our 1% chance of winning was worth the opportunity of seeing the show again.  We only won once, but my parents came to visit once, and my dad got his name drawn!   Another option would be to buy group tickets, if they are available.  Otherwise, I still wouldn't mind dishing out the normal price of $100 to see the show again.
Came here for the first time this year and I've always wanted to see it. It did not disappoint. Love the music and the storyline! One of the best broadway shows out there!
This is the quintessential Broadway experience. Amazing sets, costumes, music, lighting, singing and acting. A must-see, especially if you're not into musicals, like me. I also like that they took a classic that most everyone has seen growing-up and made an entire backstory. Now we need to rent The Wizard of Oz so that we can make sure we get some of the little references and jog our memories.
Honestly, I knew that the wizard of Oz had another story but I didnt realize how amazing Wicked is till I saw it. The music, the lyrics, the story..all phenomenal. I would recommend it to anyone even if you havent seen the wizard of Oz because the story and music itself is remarkable.  The stage production of the play is well executed, the costumes are well designed. Its worth the price from beginning to end. Wicked is one of the best rated Broadway musicals, if youre in town go see Elphaba and Glenda share their story of friendship and defy gravity on the stage.
This was by far my best Broadway experience. I read the book (liked it) then saw the show (loved it). We happened to go when the main performers were not there -- we were so disappointed -- the understudies sounded very similar and they were both amazing. As Gregory Maguire said in the book, "you can't divorce your particulars from politics." I feel that that message is at the heart of the story and it is well-exemplified in the show. Go ahead--listen to "Defy Gravity" and do something truly inspirational for the world.
It was my first Broadway show and I enjoyed it so much. I've never watched the Wizard of Oz but many have said its related or its a sequel or something. I actually thought that I'd have no interest in it but it was absolutely amazing. The cast, the acting, the singing, the lights, the sounds, the theatre ... everything was great. The concession stand outside serves limited food and drinks but the drinks sucks, tastes like cheap juice and no alcohol taste. Not worth the money for drinks.
Wicked is hands down, the BEST Broadway show I've watched so far, and I absolutely LOVED every moment of it. The storyline is amazing, and gives you so much perspective about the characters you once knew nothing about from the Wizard of Oz. The singing was wonderful, and the songs were great. I don't have much else to say than, what are you waiting for? Go see it now! Tickets are hard to come by, but well worth it! :)
Once again I saw the traveling version in Honolulu, Hawaii.  When it was in Hawaii, the music sounded hollow and there was an echo.  Not in Broadway.  The music was so pleasant to our ears.  The scene right before the intermission was outstanding!  This play is one of the best on Broadway and worth every penny!
My 3rd Broadway play but I was still blown away by the raw talent that exists in this world. The songs, singing, sets, lighting, costumes... everything that puts movies with computer-generated special effects to shame. The storyline was funny, sad, emotional at the same time. I laughed, I cried, I gasped, I was speechless. So glad I went!
Loved, loved, and loved!  Never read the book and went into the show and left mesmerized.  We went on a weekday afternoon showing to avoid the crowd and ended up being in the same row as Whoopi Goldberg!   The show is amazing and the people are extremely talented.  The theater is perfect and the set is awesome! "Toss, toss!"
One of the best musicals I've ever seen. We had great seats, and I wasn't bored one bit.  I loved it and would see it again. The costumes and makeup were wonderful!
My girlfriend and I decided to make a short trip to NYC and one of the activities I planned was for us to see Broadway for the first time. And I must say, we both were blown away! Seating: Although I was hesitant about getting crappy seating where I purchased premier seats, the theater set-up is orchestrated where it really doesn't matter where you are. Show: A MUST GO! The production was unbelievable. The vocals of all the lead actors/actresses were ridiculously amazing! The change of each scene was seamless. And the script was on par.
Yes, I held out as long as possible but finally caved and went to see Wicked last weekend - and now....I want see the show again!  I have seen about 12 Broadway shows in NYC and this was one of the most impressive - the sets were incredible, the story much more interesting than many shows, and the acting, well let me just say that the lead we saw either was cast because she sounds just like Idina Menzel, or listened to her recording enough times to mimic her tone and inflections perfectly! We sat in the left orchestra row V and could see and hear everything - and the theatre had more leg room than many I have been in. Overall - this is probably the only show I would pay full price to see again...and again...
Probably the most spectacular show on Broadway, although I haven't seen the Lion King yet... so I may be a bit biased! This is my fourth time seeing Wicked, but my first on Broadway. It is everything I remembered and even more magical. The set is fantabulous and the casting was perfect. Tom McGowan (from HEAVYWEIGHTS the movie!) as the Wizard and Justin Guarini (Runner-up, American Idol, Season 1) as Fiero! I was so impressed with Justin's performance, and I almost didn't even know if was him until I checked my playbill at intermission. His vocals, dancing and acting ability were perfect for Broadway. I'm beginning to wonder why he never auditioned for a Broadway show before this, because he was born to be on that stage. And, of course the casting for Glinda and Elphaba was spot on. This is a show I could pay to see over and over and over again.
Can I give this show 10000 + stars? THE best broadway show I've ever seen.   Yes, I would pay $200, again, to see this show 435 more times. Cant wait til Jan 2009, when Wicked is performing in San Francisco (already bought the pre-sale tickets)!!
I have waited to see this show since its debut over a decade ago. Great story, awesome music for everyone, and the seats are great. Unless you are in near the front orchestra on the sides, they may be the not favored seats in the house, but otherwise you will have a great time. Good for families and couples on a date. The show will make you want to watch other Wizard of Oz movies to see which story you like the best.
This was my first Braodway Muscial and i LOVED it. Highly Entertaining... Witty and Cute. Alli Mauzey and Nicole Parker were amazing in their roles.  i watched clips of the original cast online, and I think they're better than the originals. Definitely a Must-See. I would Definitely watch it again... if only the tickets were more affordable for me.
You probably had read, this is the story of two sisters, the witches of Oz, prior to the story "The Wizard of Oz".  I was waiting for years to see the show and I was not working, so I seized the moment one Sunday morning.  I bought my ticket online the day of the performance and drove to the Gershwin theater. The performances were incredible and the actors were all top notch.  The voices carried throughout this amazing theater, and were stunning.  I felt so drawn into the story, when it ended I was sorry to be back to reality.  As I left the theater, all I wanted to do was go back in again. Don't wait to see this performance, it is a wonderful show for all ages (except infancy).
Just the musical score was enough to enlighten my whole experience... The fresh outlook on the 'Wizard of Oz' story, and how it really could have happened without all the cliched bs, and with real life undertones... This show was able to comically and dramatically pinpoint people's weaknesses and yearning for what they really want to become, as well as getting that ultimate thing...LOVE! The performances were fantastic, and the musical number where Elphaba goes up in the air was just amazing..... This show will actually have you 'Defying Gravity'..... AMAZING..SIMPLY AMAZING!!!
Seen 4 broadway shows so far ! This is my favorite out of all of them. I am pretty sure many of us can relate to elphaba and I had a great deal on the seat! This is definitely a must see, on broadway or tour.
AMAZING! This was a GREAT play! Great for men too, which as you know ladies, makes a BIG difference! They have a place to take pictures and dress up like the cast before you go in, which was fun! Drinks in Wicked cups made for another great souvenir! The play in entertaining and witty! It's funny and really tells a great story! Glenda is hysterical and I would love to see it again! I had been wanting to see it FOREVER and it exceeded my expectation - def worth the long wait! If you're a fan of the Wizard of Oz, I def recommend seeing the "prequel" it will entertain and amaze you!
I've watched Wicked in SF and after watching it on Broadway, it still continues to be one of my most favorite musicals. Yes, it's hyped up and has been running for over 10 years, but there's a clear reason why. We were seated in the orchestra level and had a really good viewpoint of the entire stage. Tickets were bought 2 months ahead of time and by that time, about half the theater was booked. Then again, we booked tickets for a Friday night and expected to be a full house. Overall, pretty impressive and entertaining evening and both of us enjoyed the musical very much. Catchy songs and the actors (especially Glinda) did a good job playing their roles, but also deviating a little bit from the original. Yep, the performers are always different and each performance has it's own little quirks and special additions. Personally, I liked the NYC run than the SF one. One minor complaint about the architecture of the building - the orchestra was slightly quiet and could be louder. But I guess there's minimal amplification involved. -- PHOTOS: yelp.com/biz_photos/wick… yelp.com/biz_photos/wick… yelp.com/biz_photos/wick…
I have to follow everyone else's reviews and say that Wicked is also now my favorite broadway show. The storyline is wonderful, funny, and has a great message, and the set work and songs, voices, and music were just incredible. I highly recommend this show, especially if you're visiting NYC for the first time. The show is worth every penny, and I already cannot wait to see it again when it comes to pantaeges theater in Los Angeles. Overall an unforgettable experience, and definitely one of the most memorable and heartwarming experiences in my NYC trip :)
Went to Wicked this evening at the Gershwin theatre on Broadway with my wife and parents and can say overall this is one of the better musicals I have seen. We were a little wary before we booked since we didn't truly know what to expect, but it was enjoyable from end to end.  It got off to a bit of a slow start, but soon starts to engage you with the plot and most of the musical numbers are superb and very well performed.  In fact the performance by all the main actors was top notch. The story ties back a lot to the original Wizard Of OZ movie which helps give it context and helps you feel engaged with the story. The sets and scenery are fantastic, very elaborate with incredible set changes and transitions. So definitely a fan of this and I would encourage anyone who enjoys musical shows to go and see it.
I missed it when it first opened in San Francisco  many years ago, but had a great time and the cast, music, costumes and the experience of seeing it on Broadway was fantastic. Still can't get the "Defying Gravity" song out of my head! I was one of the lucky winners of the Wicked Lottery for a matinee and got a front row seat for $25 (normal price of over $100!) At 12:30 you need to go to the theater box office and put your name onto an index card for the lottery drawing. At 1:00 they pull names from the hopper for the available thirteen pairs of tickets. You must be present at the drawing or they move onto the next name. Cash only for these tix, and you can't re-sell them (total $26.25 with the facility fee.) The seats are very front row, and the actors are right next to you. It makes sense to have the lottery tickets, because they are actually almost too close to see the entire stage and someone who pays $125 for an Orchestra seat may be disappointed from the view. Great story that has clever tie-ins to the Oz mythology. While Glinda is Good, Elphaba is the choice role. Nicole Parker as Elphaba has the right comedic and dramatic chops to turn the mousy green witch into a real show-stopping heroine. Alli Mauzey as Glinda and Cristy Candler as Nessarose also provided great performances. Loved the show and gonna catch it's SF run with the rest of the family before it closes! Pick up the soundtrack and enjoy it some more after you leave the performance.
Amazing!!! First Broadway show and i loved every bit of it! The singing was amazing and Justin Gaurini was hot as Fierro!
I was fortunate enough to see this on Broadway when I was there last year. Granted, I had seen it twice before but nothing beats the experience of seeing it on the Great White Way. This was my second time seeing Kendra Kassebaum and she only gets better each time. Elphie was played by Kerry Ellis who before her stint on Broadway played the role in England. She was fantastic and incredibly gorgeous. For those that have never seen this musical, it's a beautiful story of acceptance, finding your own path, love and so much more. The set design is awesome but it's the costumes that truly stand out. The best part of this viewing for me was being able to meet some of the performers after the show and get their autographs on my playbill. Totally Wicked!!
One of my all time favorite shows. You're entertained from beginning to end. It's worth paying the price to sit front and center. I think around 7 rows back from the stage is perfect. You won't be disappointed.
I saw this musical when I was still in High School and I still remember it vividly. I love Wizard of Oz -- I used to watch the movie every time it was on television. This play put a whole new spin to the story. Some musicals can be cliche and drawn out, but this wasn't one of them. The costumes and set design was stunning and visually captivating. This is definitely one of my favorite Broadway productions.
Awesome show. Be prepared to pay $5 for water. $11 for wine, $9 for beer. Superb singing. Great comedy and good tie in's&p to the movie wizard of oz.
As someone that never attended a Broadway show before, I was definitely not looking forward to Wicked. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I have also listened to the original recording of the songs, and I actually think the cast that I saw in July topped them. Either way, "Defying Gravity" has made it to my iPod. Wicked is a good play for a Broadway newbie.  It isn't any a corny musical like Mary Poppins and the story is a fresh take on a classic tale.  Plus it is hilarious, specifically Glinda.  After seeing the play, I'm ready to go back to Broadway and I'm willing to broaden my horizons. As you can tell, I got much more than I bargained for when I bought the tickets!!
Like other reviewers I thought this was a fantastic story, well acted, beautifully and mesmerizingly sung.   The two lead actresses were phenomenal and rank up there vocally with Lea Salonga and Lea Michelle in my opinion. This is apparent in  the vocally challenging and emotionally charged scenes.   It is now my absolute favourite musical of all time!  Wonderful themes of friendship sisterhood and believing in yourself even if you are different.  Great for children. Side note:  Justin Guarini the runner-up from the first season of American idol played the part of Fiyeri and was really incredible especially in his dancing skills. A must-see for all!
The BF took me here for my birthday. (What a clever birthday gift since he got to enjoy it himself too!) We both LOVEDD it. I don't know how this show could have been given less than 5 stars. I agree with fellow yelpers that the first 10 mins intro was mehh.. but when the story actually STARTS (back in the past), then it starts getting GOOD. I loved all the twists, music, costumes, acting, EVERYTHING :) This show will be good for everyone- young, old, man or woman. Our seats were on the right orchestra, midway back. We saw everything and i looked around and I do agree that even if you end up with crappy seats all the way in the back u would still be able to see everything. Well designed theatre.
I took my mom and sister (who have never seen a Broadway show) to see Wicked over my graduation weekend. It was incredible!! I was a little nervous about the choice as I didn't know all that much about the show and I thought all three of us would be looking for different things in a musical (quality of music vs. the set/costumes vs. an interesting/funny plot). But I thought it was fantastic, and we all left more than happy! I am so glad to have experienced this with my mother. It was funny and nuanced enough for adults but the plot was simple enough to entertain children. The costumes were beautiful, and the leads were incredibly strong vocalists. I really can't say enough. We were only a few rows from the stage and pretty far off to the side, which concerned me a little, but the seats were amazing and I don't think there's a bad seat in the house. We also went to a matinee so the crowd was mostly children and elderly people, so be prepared to be patient with the crowd, especially at intermission.
The was better than the wizard of Oz! I loved the story line. The singing was spectacular! It was also very funny! When you get seats on the top mezzanine, they have bars at the edge that may block your view depending on how tall you were.
It was cool that Justin Gaurini was the special guest on this show. He looked way better with his hair without the fro!   I loved the costumes and the singing was great.  My first broadway show in NY and it was worth it.  We sat on the side but close up to the stage, some parts were blocked until the actors moved forward,  but I was able to see most of the show.  My neck hurt a little.
Probably the best Broadway show I've seen in a long time! Decided to entertain some family members coming from out of town and figured tickets to a show would work well. I was pleasantly surpised at how much I enjoyed the show myself. The story, the music, the humor...all just perfect. The actresses were all fantastic as well. ...and you better believe I went home and downloaded the soundtrack right away too.
This is hands down my favorite Broadway show! Everything was perfect! The storyline was awesome, the cast hilarious and entertaining, and the music was catchy. I would definitely come back a second time.
If I could give this show six stars, I would. I loved this play soooooooo much! The theater was very nice, and very easy to find. It was clean, the staff were friendly and while your waiting for the show to start, they have memrobilia to look at. Things like, playbills, pictures and props. It was great. The seats were very comfortable, and every seat had a good veiw. The show was great!!!!! I loved it sooooo much I saw it twice!!! MY FAVORITE SHOW!!!!!!!!!
Wow! Wow! Wow! This was a great production is a spectacular theater. I was in rowX and had absolutely no problems with seeing EVERYTHING. I had my binoculars with me but only used them to see the detail of the clothing every now and again. I would actually go back and see this play again - I went out to the restroom at the wrong time (so my sister tells me). I missed what she said was her favorite part of the play "Gravity". This was my birthday weekend (2/2) so my sister went all out. She even purchased the program for me (a bit expensive). I purchased the wicked socks and was sad to learn that I spent so much for a pair of mis-matched socks. The concession stand lady misled me when I was trying to decide what pair to get and she told me "you get both". I didn't check my bag until we were long gone from the theater. My sister told me that she understood what the concession stand lady was saying and that's why she didn't get the MISMATCHED pair of socks. Anyone who knows me knows that I LOOOOOOVE socks - especially "different looking" ones. Needless to say, we spent over $100 in the lobby BEFORE even viewing the show. Ahhhhhh... but the memories will live on forever.
Watched on the Saturday of 22nd of August. It was my first Broadway musical. I freaking loved it. It was worth $130 without a shred of doubt. Suggestion: if you are planning to visit New York and wondering whether Broadway show would be worth the money, do yourself a favor and purchase the ticket.
I've seen a few other musicals in Las Vegas and San Francisco, but I had to check one out while in NYC and get the whole Broadway experience. Wicked is played at the Gershwin Theatre and they have a really cool set. I've always heard great things about Wicked so went to check it out. It is a great show! Gives a cool spin on the Wizard of Oz. You may start to like the Wicked Witch of the West... There are a lot of families who come to this show too. If you're thinking of watching the show, try to plan ahead. The good seats seem to get taken pretty quick. I think I booked about 1 month in advance and most of the seats in the center sections (upper and orchestra) were taken. The only thing I didn't like was at the end, Justin Guarini (Fieryo) of American Idol fame, was pitching about some donations to a charity. Kinda took the mood away trying to get people to give more money to an already expensive show. I was able to look past that though and have a wonderful evening.
Watched this at the Sunday matinee in lottery seats. What's the lottery you might ask? 2.5 hours prior to the performance, you can put your name in for the lottery, which if you win means you can purchase front row seats for $26.25  I was one of the lucky winners (I'd guesstimate there were 200-300 people there for 25 tickets!) and what's more, my name was called towards the front of the pack (order matters - people who are called later get side seating rather than center, which for this show would make a world of difference).  So anyhow, I was front and slightly off center (hey, I'm an off-centered kind of guy, so it fit me perfectly :) ). Anyhow, the show itself was phenomenal. The singing and acting is just out of this world, and what you would think would be a really boring storyline actually glues you to your seat. This is on the long side for a Broadway show (2:45), but it certainly didn't feel like it.   A guy that entered with me at the American Idiot lottery was telling me that this show was awesome. I'm never paying $250-$300 to go see a Broadway show (which is what these tickets would have cost if they were actually for sale at the regular prices). But since I live a short walk away, I can try the lottery as many times as it takes to win. Fortunately, it only took me twice to win, but you can be assured I'll be going back for more :).
Still the best. Went here with my fiancée as our first date a year ago. This show was definitely what motivated her to say "yes" a year later. We both were keen on seeing the play for years but we were both put off by the ticket price frenzy that it created. Coming in, we both knew the danger of watching a show that's been running for some time -- the cast and crew often grow tired and the energy fades. But this show and its cast has definitely not lost any of its original luster. After the show you're simply left aghast as you realize that you've just lay witness to the magic that unfolded before your very eyes. At this point, you start to believe that you, too, are capable of defying gravity.
People had built this up way too much for me. It was a good show with very talented actors and a great message but I thought it was way too long.  Too many scenes and songs that went on for far too long. Good Witch is very funny (her antics are the best parst of the show).  Wicked Witch had a great voice but I felt like she over-acted the part (the way she moved on stage annoyed me). I enjoyed Catch Me If You Can much more. It's such a shame that it's closing tonight.
Absolutely amazing time at this show!  My first (and my kids first) Broadway show and we ALL loved it!  Husband (not his first Broadway show) said it was his favorite.  Would definitely see it again.  Only complaint is the drinks are way too expensive--sneak in a flask if you can. :-)
The costumes - incredible!  The music - amazing!  The story line - a master piece! Minus one-star for the actors.  The lead actress, playing Elphaba, was amateur.  (She's a cutie with a nice voice, but her acting is so-so.  She has very little stage-presence.  She's clearly not consumed by her role like the other actors.)  And the actor who played the Wizard was unconvincing, too.   If it weren't for Ga-linda, who stole the show by the way, I may have forgotten I was watching a Broadway show.  At some points, I was rooting for Ga-linda instead of Elphaba - which is shocking because I detest anything blonde. So some of the acting doesn't meet up to Broadway standards, but the rest of the show is too incredible to pass up.  This is my 2nd favorite Broadway show of all time.  (1st being Young Frankenstein, and 3rd being Rent.) My Favorite Broadway Picks: 1. Young Frankenstein 2. Wicked 3. Rent 4. Chicago 5. Avenue Q 6. Urinetown 7. The 39 Steps 8. Spring Awakening This show is TOTALLY worth the money!  Buy yourself some tickets.  You've GOT to see this show!
This is the 5th time I've seen Wicked, but the first time I've seen it in NYC. It is entertaining and I would recommend it to anyone! BEFORE YOU GO, see the Wizard of Oz movie first. Then some scenes in the musical will make more sense.
A little predictable. The jokes weren't so fresh.  But still very good. The second half is better than the first.
Best Broadway show I've seen. The acting was great and the singing was amazing. The storyline was excellent. Makes me look at the wizard of oz in an entirely different way. This is a must see. I'll be back soon with my little one.
The BEST! Amazing vocals.  Catchy and memorable songs.  Thunderous clapping ovation after EVERY song.  Stunning set designs.  Creative storyline.  Lovable characters.  Laughs, smiles, goosebumps, and tears! A MUST SEE!!!
I have now watched this show about 8 times in different parts of the US and the UK, and I still find plenty to love!  Every cast member is always perfect in their role, although nobody can be the Glinda that was Kristin Chenowyth!   Maybe it's just me, but even though both Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenowyth have absolutely beautiful voices, I felt like their voices clashed (maybe because they both have such powerful voices) when they sang together in duets. I love the social and political satire througout the play.  This show continues to say the truth out loud, however humorously: "It's not about aptitude It's the way you're viewed And so it's very shrewd To be very, very popular!"
I grew up in the 60s, so I watched the Wizard of Oz with Judy Garland every year on TV - and I was scared to death of the witch and her flying monkeys. Now, after watching Wicked at the Gershwin Theatre, I LOVE her. I know, I know, how can that be? I'm just saying, you really must get tickets and see this show. I've seen it twice on Broadway and once in Fort Lauderdale when it traveled the country - all were excellent. The entire back-story of what happened before Dorothy is a premise that must be seen - and not explained. Believe the hype. It is THAT good. You will cry, you will laugh, you will stand up and cheer for the wicked witch of the west! And Glinda, too :) A must-see.
I enjoyed the play. Nice story about friendship. How two opposite personalities and looks can be the best of friends. The show is good for kids ( ages 4 and below are not allowed tho). The singing was excellent! Watching the show in broadway should not be skipped in visiting nyc.
I just moved to NYC and other than one show in London, I had never seen a theatrical production, much less a Broadway show.  My girlfriend took me to Spiderman...loved it.  Then the following week she took me to see Wicked.  Then I realized that if I "loved" Spiderman, I am completely in love, infatuated, obsessed with Wicked.  What an awesome story!!!  I've now seen it twice in the first month I've lived here and I want to go again.   I liked the Wizard of Oz movie a lot as a kid (Return to Oz scared the shit out of me), but Wicked is such a cool and unique spin on the background of the story.  I love it.  This coming from a tough guy who used to laugh at people for going to a Broadway show.  Did I mention I love it?  Well I do.  I love it.  Go see it and you'll love it too.
Wicked has got to be the best Broadway show I've ever seen. Granted, I've only been to ~4 shows but none of them even compared to Wicked. The dialogue was hilarious and the score/songs were prefect. I was singing the songs for the show for the entire week after! We went the on 1/18/2014 and Alli Mauzey was Glinda for the night. She was absolutely phenomenal. She was so perky and enthusiastic and I loved every second she was on stage. Lindsay Mendez, who played Elphaba, hit all the notes perfectly. I just loved everyone's performance! Wicked is definitely a show for both the kiddies and the adults. I loved how they traced Elphaba and Glinda from when they were in school all the way until after the events in the Wizard of Oz. It's an amazing backstory!
My g/f had seen this in San Diego and wanted to see it on Broadway.  This was my 1st time seeing it but have to say it was an awesome play....good energy, good production, good laughs, kept you entertained.  Was thrilled we went! Would highly recommend.  I hadnt been to a play in years & loved it.
One of my favorite musicals on Broadway! 1. The Writing: A -- it's such a great story about friendship and love and power and doing what's right, etc. etc. And it melds so so well with The Wizard of Oz story. It functions as an incredible parallel story of a parallel universe that helps explain and give more dimension to the characters in The Wizard of Oz. 2. The Music: B -- The songs are also fantastic! I legitimately like all of them (with the exception of those of The Wizard). And a fundamental thing with songs is that it links up well with the scenes and the story line. Even now when I listen to the soundtrack, you enjoy the songs because you remember the scene, the choreography. Each song is not there because it's pretty; it serves a purpose! I docked a point because there are some of them are something baaaaaad. 3. The Pacing: A -- Great pacing! Another pet peeve I have is when musicals load up one half with all of the action and great songs and the other half is either lead-in or denouement and doesn't provide consistent entertainment. If anything, for this show, I don't have a favorite half and my favorite scenes are evenly dispersed! I've been twice with two different casts and both were fantastic! It really says a lot about a musical production when despite the change in cast (that brought a slightly different flavor), you still have quality control in people's enjoyment of the show! GO SEE THIS. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
I LOVE THIS CLASSIC.  It was such a great first time broadway show to hit while up in NYC.  It was so funny how people were sneaking camera phone pics!!!!!!!!!! Gershwin Theatre could use a face lift tho
Wow! Such an amazing performance, such incredible talent, and such a wonderful evening with my nieces, my very dear friend, and both of her kids.  The six of us couldn't have asked for more. I don't have my Playbill with me, so I can't tell you the names of the lead performers (sorry, I know that's important, I should have been more prepared), but I can tell you they were a talent powerhouse which knocked our socks off! The enthusiasm of Glinda (The 'Ga' is silent) was absolutely marvelous and the house roared with laughter countless times with her incredible antics as she sang, danced, and really became her character. The strength and heart stirring power of the Elphaba was astonishing as she belted out a performance which made you want to stand on your seat in applause with each of her scenes. The supporting cast played their roles fantastically and the evening was magical.  If you haven't seen Wicked yet, get off your butt and get some tickets!
THE BEST SHOW EVER!!! I expected my boyfriend to fall asleep but he didn't. The wardrobes were very nice. The actors and actresses sang so well. This performance is definitely something you do not want to miss. Worth the money. I sat in the orchestra on the right side of the stage and it was way too close. I saw all the expressions on their face but I wouldn't mind sitting a little further back. I am going to go watch The Wizard of Oz tonight to put it all together. WATCH IT!!!
Hands Down for the BEST BROADWAY SHOW EVER!!! I'm a huge fan for shows and this is by far the best one. I cant imagine anyone having complaints about the show. It is very expensive and good seats are hard to come by but it's definitely worth paying an arm and a leg for it (maybe some blood and throw in some sperm counts too). Wicked brings a twist to the whole Wizard of Oz and you really see the story from a different point of view. The musical was amazing, the costumes are fabulous, the stage/props were unique, and the actors/actresses are top of the line! This is probably the only broadway show I can see more than once!
Absolutely amazing!
OMG! If you are a teen girl, you will LOVE it. I did not know the story, which was vapid. Music was fine, but the lyrics were mushy and hard to make out in the front row of the balcony, especially the first song. Seats in the theatre were comfortable at least (memory foam?), which is important because this thing goes on forever.
Yes, yes, yes! Amazeballs! Go see it. I took my sister to see it because she wouldn't stop talking about it, but then I ended up loving it as well. Great music, great set. Just don't get caught taking a picture of yourself prior to the show even starting...that lady was not impressed with me and threatened to take my camera. Dude, chill.
I will be honest. I had ZERO desire to see this musical. I didn't like the Wizard of Oz and while I knew many who loved this musical, I also knew some who didn't and I just didn't want to spend the bucko bucks to see it. I was beyond pleasantly surprised. I LOVED LOVED LOVED LOVED It. It is one of my top two favorites now (next to RENT.) I LOVED the story line, the music, the lyrics to the songs. The acting was fantastic. Everything about it was amazing. Well worth the extremely large price of tickets (I think my husband paid around $350 for the two of us. We had front mezzanine seating.) Additionally, this story line promoted great morals and values about not judging someone based on looks and realizing that there may be much more to the story about why someone is coming across as mean and hurtful. This musical can teach us a lot. Great for kids (of course kids that are old enough to sit quietly without talking for a couple of hours.)
This is amazing! I went today and loved It! The actors were funny and the portrayed their characters well.  It was Just so busy and the line for the bathrooms were like 50 people. But I still had fun and liked it a lot!
I have seen this show three times and i want to go again and again.  My fav. musical and I love the theatre and go often.  The music is superb and the acting is so good. I am a Wizard of OZ fan (well im a fanatic) and I just love this story.  I play the music in the house, car and my family, just adore the show.  You have to go see, please you will never regret it.  I saw Lion King, but this is better.  By the way I also love Newsies better than Lion King, but hey thats me.   BE WICKED AND CHECK IT OUT!!!!
This was the best musical ever. The set was amazing. The cast was amazing, the music was amazing, everything about this show was amazing. Wicked has a great story and really interesting and confusing a little. But the show was everything I want to see in broadway. The mezzanine is good for this show because there is flying monkeys and a dragon. Great show for the whole family my family loved it so much we want to go again.
WOW. This show was spectacular. Wicked has became one of my favorite Broadway show on my list. I'm not sure if any other shows can top this one. The sets, the lights, the costumes, the actor/actresses were all very good and unpredictable. Especially when they open up the lights at the "ballroom" scene. In every scene I wanted to see what will happen next.  The musical was great. My favorite songs would be "for good", "as long as your mine" and "popular" but the others were ALL just as great and were stuck on me all night. I have definitely fall in love with the actors that play Glinda and Elphaba. I love the "toss toss" part of the hair and how Glinda leans back all the time. It was too hilarious. I liked how elphy was a bit mean in the beginning but yet still very funny. I highly recommend anyone and everyone to see this show if they are in New York. I would definitely see it again if I get a chance! The theater was nice and big. I had rear middle center seats so the view was great. I was able to see everything. I didn't need to tilt my head and the people that were in front of me didn't bother me at all because the seats were inclined at the right level. Only thing that I will need to complain about is the female restroom. There were only 3 stalls.... Overall it was an awesome experience! 5 stars
It was the BEST musical I have EVER seen! The songs stay with you - and not in a bad way! Truly clever story, terrific props/sets, singing was amazing (the witch was played by the swing that night and she was fabulous) I cant wait to go see it again!
Wicked is still my favorite musical to date. It's hilarious and stunning. I constantly listen to the music ever since I watched this broadway two years ago. The music is just that addicting! From start to end, my attention was caught and it was just magical. The actors are amazing. The whole play is well written. You'll definitely fall in love with the actors that play Glinda and Elphaba. Even my boyfriend love it, and he was fighting for us to see Phantom of the Opera. I would want to see that as well, but I wanted to see something with a story I didn't know. Wicked is definitely a winner, and I highly recommend. Also if you're debating about the partial view seats since they're cheaper, I would recommend those. From our seats, all we missed was some of the background, which is no biggie to me.
This is a great show. I saw it at the Gerschwin theatre just a few days ago, and I have to say I was impressed. Defying Gravity was absolutely mindblowing and the lighting and staging was the best I've ever seen in a Broadway show. The plot, however, isn't the best ever and it seems a bit hackneyed at times, trying to fit in with The Wizard of Oz. It was also much more political than I expected, with parallels to Nazi Germany and other oppressive places. I thought the part with Fiyero felt a bit shoehorned in, just to make sense of The Wizard of Oz. It's definitely worth seeing, though, just for the breathtaking sets and lighting. The set changes are almost completely effortless, it's absolutely magical, like being transported to another world. It's great as an introduction to Broadway.
Music, singing, performers... All were perfect. Story, set, flow... All lacking. Grade school children would definitely love this musical.
After many years of much anticipation & reading "sold out" everytime I tried to purchase tickets.. I was very disappointed. I went to their Oct 31 3pm sunday show. Upon entering the theatre i was facinated by their stage & scenery. Great props & effects.. ill give it that much. Every song, with the exception of 2 seemed the same.. "No One Mourns the Wicked".. was wicked bad.. sad to say the only song that I enjoyed and would even consider buying the soundtrack to is Elphalba's first song "The Wizard and I". Glinda over did it with her very similar characteristics of "Super star" Molly Shannon from SNL. Elphaba & Dr. Dillamond saved the show for me.. I can say I felt their parts evolved well from scene to scene. Other than that... I can honestly say I found myself almost falling asleep by the end. Over hyped production. I would be satisfied with just reading the book, with a cup of joe. NY Broadway shows Ive loved & would see again: RENT & CHICAGO
Ok not a wizard of oz fan. Flying monkey always scared me. Still, play was very clever. I wouldn't see it again, as once is enough to catch all the twists and turns. Singing great, sets so so. Hard to have seats too far back. As you miss important things..
One of the best plays on broadway. If you like musicals and know the wizard of oz this will make your head spin. They had to work backwards to write it, its like the prequel to the wizard of oz only the plot is BETTER. Spoiler: By the end of it you will love and undersatnd the "wicked" witch of the west
Wonderful Play experience! Performance by all was magnificent!! Seating was great.  Has orchestra seats.  Right side in rowV. Not too far away.  My only negatives are the $5 bottle of water at intermission. After paying over $100 for the ticket thought the water could have been $2 or $3 instead. The lady working the door to assist in seating in our area was VERY rude to the people in front of us directing them to their seats. I know sometimes you are having a bad day but the manner in which she spoke to the people was completely unnecessary.  I would come back.
Outstanding show!  Heartwarming story--great cast with wonderful voices.   Would go again and again if able!
I have loved this musical for many years, so when I turned up at 8pm for a 7pm show I was absolutely devastated! Luckily the theatre manager was an absolute superstar and invited us back later in the week. We turned up later in the week for the Saturday matinee and were given amazing seats to watch the show from. And what a show it was. It took my breath away. The sets, the costumes, the vocals, the music, the story.... just an incredible performance. I bawled my way through the last ten minutes and couldn't leave the theatre immediately after because the tears wouldn't stop! Go and see this show!
So I'm not one to go to Broadway shows very often but if I had to pick one, I think Wicked would be the one to go to. I stopped by for an afternoon show when visiting NYC and the energy at the show was amazing! The performances were spot on, I was absolutely engrossed in the show. Although $100 a ticket is a little much to shell out (those were the only ones left at the box office), I think I'd go again and get seats that were a little cheaper.
Absolutely amazing in every way imaginable!!!  I was lucky enough to have seats right up front, center stage.  Christine Dwyer who is currently playing the witch Elphaba was fantastic.  Sitting that close, I was mesmerized by how much emotion just her eyes alone portray and how expressive she was in her role.  I was captivated by her the entire show (and that has nothing to do with the fact that she's green!) I can only describe the costumes as beautifully intricate and detailed.  The sets are incredibly impressive and flawlessly changing as the story was told.  The songs, music score, and bits of comedy were all perfectly timed and executed. Quite simply, I loved everything about the show.
Lots of fun! This was the second time seeing this production - my teen daughters liked it that much. Very entertaining for the whole family. Glinda and Elphaba delivered top notch performances all around.
A must see! Definitely not what you're expecting, but you'll have a great time. The boyfriend surprised me with tickets and some great seats. The show is almost 3 hours long - including starting late and intermission. Majority of the seats in the theatre are good, but the middle is the best, not too close and not too far. The show itself is great. Great songs, great story and there are funny parts as well. The story took a different turn that I was not expecting and I totally loved their take on Oz. Between the original movie, the play and the movie (Oz the Great and Powerful), they are all great and don't outplay the original story. You won't be disappointed. The set, the costumes, the singing and the story are all great. There's no way you won't have a good time!
I absolutely loved it! You get a free Wicked cup with lid if you purchase a drink which is kind of nice. But the drink is over $10. But the show was great! I love musicals and I loved the singing and everything. I fully enjoyed every singled part of this. My bf fell asleep. He's not into musicals. The actress playing Elphaba had a beautiful voice! I love Glinda's humor. She reminded me of Elle from Legally Blonde. All in all, I really enjoyed it. It brought me to tears at parts and made me laugh my heart out. I highly recommend it!
Hilarious. Mind-blowing. Incredible. Uplifting. Magical(?). These are all words that can be used to describe this musical. I came here with Miss Sarit - after winning some front-row center tickets on the lottery program outside. I did not think we would win, but they called my name and I almost jumped out of my skin. I was lined up against the wall in victory circle so fast it would have made Bolt proud. In the theatre, I could feel all the eyes of jealous rage upon us as we sat in the front-most row, in the center-most seat. I felt like the million bucks my seats were worth. From start to finish this show is worth all the attention it gets. This is one of the best performances I've ever seen on Broadway and off! The lighting, choreography, story and music are "magical." It will pull you in to the Land of Oz and not let you go. I especially liked the portrayal of the Wizard. Very realistic, if that may be applied to a Broadway play about witches and flying monkeys. True to the story's subtext, let's say. If you can, please do come see this play. It is definitely up there as my favorite of all time.
This is one of those places I thought I've reviewed already for sure but find that I, in fact, have not, so please forgive this run-on sentence as you read this review. Here goes.. When I was a little boy, I read all of L. Frank Baum's books about the far away land of OZ. The stories of the wise King Scarecrow, the Land of OZ, and the adventures of Dorothy and her companions entranced and enthralled me. I was hooked. I read them again and again. Classic timeless stories. Yes, 'The Wonderful Wizard of OZ', famously adapted into the eponymous 1939 movie, is merely the first in a whole series of fantastical books. My favorite ones were 'Ozma of OZ' and the 'Tin Woodman of Oz'. After I read Gregory Maguire's political satire 'Wicked', I was a bit appalled, truth be told. The Wicked Witch of the West as social revolutionary fighting the dictatorship of The Wizard and championing Animal rights? A hero? How could this be? This is not the Witch I grew up reading... and scorning. In fact, 'Wicked' turns the whole story of OZ on its head. Prince Fiyero turns into the Scarecrow *and* is in love with Elphaba (the Wicked Witch of the West). Glinda the Good and Elphaba squabble as college roommates and become eventual best friends. I probably could have enjoyed reading 'Wicked' more had the book stayed consistent with established canon and merely offered an interesting, if twisted perspective from the point of view of the Wicked Witch. As it is, 'Wicked''s creative license proved too distracting by establishing histories and relationships that contradicted those written by Baum. I couldn't enjoy the story as much as a result, but the idea.. the idea of the "other side of the story", while not a new concept, is intriguing. I will say, too, that the character of Elphaba proved to be quite endearing as well. So, it was with a certain amount of anticipation mixed with trepidation that I purchased tickets to the Broadway musical adaptation of 'Wicked', but the excitement of my companion proved infectious. I was hooked. Grabbing the playbill, we made our way to our seats on show day, navigating through an impatient meandering crowd. Front Mezzanine, center, second row, comfortable seats, great view ($110 each). The performance was absolutely spectacular. As it turns out, the show still featured the original cast. Kristin Chenoweth as an airheaded over-the-top Galinda / Glinda and Idina Menzel as the misunderstood, anti-social Elphaba. Even as I write this review, I can faintly hear Galinda's lyrical twang whilst singing "Popular". Add in simple and audacious set props with rousing dance numbers. I was very impressed. So much so that I, ever the sap for happy endings, cheered Elphaba's survival and Fiyero whisking her away to live happily ever after. Some musicals you suffer through; a selection are entertaining, but a rare few are absolutely spellbinding. 'Wicked' is one of those few. A rarity in it's own time. (As an aside, 'Wicked' is incredibly popular, so tickets must be purchased early. I bought a July 2006 showing in November 2005, which may be a tad early, but then I didn't want to sit behind a pillar either.) review 7/17/2008 I.M.Y.
Truly an excellent experience. I'm not a fan of musicals (I usually find them annoying) but this one was very good. The cast members are extremely talented, so is the production team. Every area of the play was well thought out, there was obviously a lot of attention to details. There's nothing special about Gershwin theater, wish it had more of a personality rather than so many souvenirs for sale. Wicked might be one of the best plays out there.
Truly truly an AMAZING show! So witty, funny, right dose of light sarcasm, and just a great story. I had been saving Wicked for a special occasion and decided to test out my birthday luck this year by arriving early to enter myself into the pre-show lottery. AND I WON!! Well, actually my best friend won but she was nice enough to wake up early on a saturday morning and come with us to up our group's chances of winning the coveted tickets. They even give you a nifty little button that says "I won the Wicked lottery!"--makes for a great souvenir since I love chatckies (sp??) The seats we won were FIRST row, smack dab in the middle. We were so close up we could see sweat dripping from their foreheads and spit coming out of the actor's mouths as they were performing. I will definitely be going to see this show again, and the only "con" would be that this show spoils me for all other shows. One of my best birthdays ever :)
You can't go wrong with Wicked.  I've seen it 3 times and I would go again in a heart beat.
Wonderful.  A real treat.  Slightly hard to understand when the whole cast is singing at once, but that isn't very often.  Funny too!!!!
Def one of the better shows out there on broadway.  Great story line and the singing is done nicely by both leads.  There's a lot of heart in the story and it moves quickly so you don't even realize how quickly things are going.  The story ties into the wizard of oz nicely as a prequel and enjoyably so.   And the theater is on the newer side so seats r more spacious.  U don't feel like the person next to u is sitting on top of u.  Plus, the stage is level w/the audience so u can actually see the performers.   Best thing - it's 1/2 block from the e train so ez commute.
I've seen this three times already (front row $26 lottery seats!) and bought the soundtrack. Does that sound stalkerish? Maybe. But it's really that good.  Everything - the storyline, the acting, the costumes, the songs were outstanding.  I would try to win lottery tickets during the weekdays, if the weather was bad, and bring some friends with me (two tickets per person if you win) to increase my chances. Beware: after seeing this, you'll leave other shows thinking, "It wasn't as good as Wicked!"
Fantastic show! Was lucky to win front row orchestra seats. Great singing, plot, and humour! Good show for the whole family.
I've seen the show twice and each time, it's made me indelibly happy for weeks afterward. Most of the actors casted are great, but I would recommend AGAINST listening to the Idina Menzel/Kristin Chenoweth's original rendition. If you do, you will go in expecting them to sound like the soundtrack, which they invariably won't. I loved Kerry Ellis as Elphaba but the actresses who played Glinda have both been a bit disappointing (especially when compared to the great Kristin Chenoweth). Again, this is the problem when you go in expecting a certain voice and character!! Still a wonderful production that teaches (but doesn't preach!) great morals for little kids and adults alike.
There's a good reason why it's one of the most popular shows on Broadway and tickets are sold out almost every night! My experience with Wicked exceeded my wildest expectations. The characters have been intricately crafted and designed for over ten years, and it really shows in the performance. The vocals were spot on and the musical will leave you replaying the soundtrack for weeks. There was just the right amount of drama, humor, and action throughout the musical. Trust me when I say this, nothing compares to seeing this musical in the original Gershwin Theatre. I look forward to seeing it again on my next visits to NYC! I went to a lot of tourist attractions during my time in New York, and none of them compare to Wicked. Yes, the tickets aren't cheap (I had initial reservations about this as well) - but afterwards you'll realize that it was well worth it.
Great show! Seats in the Gershwin are very comfy and viewable from all areas. My gf and I had tickets for the front mezzanine overhang and it was very clear. The show itself is very entertaining and definitely keeps your attention. You do NOT have to have watched the Wizard of Oz to know what's going on. Although there are some parts of the show where there are references to the show. Must see espeically on broadway in NYC!
Still my favorite show of all time! There is a reason the theater is always packed and tickets are expensive. But once you see it, you will understand and you will wonder why you didn't see it sooner. Fantastic cast, great costume and set design and phenomenal writing! Go and see it NOW!
Very good show! I read the book and was very excited to compare. The show was right on and amazing!
Musical was amazing!!! Everyone needs to go see Wicked. The costumes and the sets were really good. Their singing  capability was wonderful. They had strong voices. I really liked the characters glinda and elphaba. Glinda or Ga-linda was really funny with her selfish ego. Elphaba was really touching. But I felt like the book was sadder than the musical and Elphaba was always picked on and considered an outcast. My favorite songs in the musical was Popular and Defying Gravity. Loved it!! It has been some time since I have read the book but it sorta came as a surprise to find out that the Wizard was actually Elphaba's father. And how fiarro, Elphaba's lover was the scarecrow from Dorothy and the wizard of Oz. And the tin man was actually bock, the munchkin guy that asked nessa (Elphaba's disabled sister) out on Glinda's request.
I'm a married, middle aged straight guy who grew up loving "The Wizard of Oz". Over the past few years, I've seen three Broadway shows and can honestly say "Wicked" was the least enchanting of the three. ( The others, btw, were Spamalot - which was much funnier - and the rather girly Mamma Mia - featuring more familiar and more hummable music). Sets and costumes are splendid and Broadway caliber dancing is always a treat.  The Theatre Hall of Fame in the second floor Gershwin lobby is also a cool trip down memory lane.   What didnt I like? The story, for starters. God knows it's a clever premise, and there are obvious laughs here and there, but considering the goldmine of source material that "The Wizard of Oz" represents, I wouldnt exactly call this a tour de force interpretation. To it's credit, Wicked tries to tell it's own tale, but as is often the case with musicals adapted from novels, it tries to cram too much story too fast, so that relationships are asserted more than developed and seem phony, even for a musical fiction.  I frankly lost count of how many times Elphaba and Glinda switched allegiances over painfully abrupt plot devices; in the end, they were, I managed to glean, powerfully close friends "for good". Throughout the production, ham fisted political references about curtailing speech seemed to play well to the show's target audience, but sounded an overly preachy drumbeat to this ear - and I say that as a political independent  sympathetic to censorship concerns.   The score was OK, maybe a tad better than OK, but not as robust as expected from a musical garnering props and even adulation. The song "I'm Not That Girl" provided the lone moment where I felt kinship with any of the characters (actually two characters as the pretty tune is sung once by each principal).  "Popular" delivers solid comic relief and "The Wizard and I" has a nice enough bounce, but  "For Good" is a barely adequate closing number for a blockbuster show and the other tunes were forgettable, save the opening "No One Mourns The Wicked" and Act I closer "Defying Gravity", both histrionic, unmelodic messes.   The worst thing a Broadway musical can be, I suppose, is boring, and Wicked is certainly not that. It's fast paced (too fast for ol' Matt S.), and there's always two or three crises unfolding on stage, catapulting this impossible melodrama along.  I suspect kids, especially younger girls, will generally enjoy it. Adults, especially fussy, Quixotic old men, however, yearning for a touching morality play, realistically paced reflection, or truly memorable music, should probably stay clear of the Gershwin, hang a right on Broadway, and ease on down, ease on down the road.
I loved this show, we sat front row and the first thing that happened was a man in monkey suit jumped out of nowhere and started climbing up to the ceiling.  The dragon head wobbles and the Glenda appears. The music is amazing as you've probably heard elsewhere, what you don't realize is how funny the show is.  We sat up close and in some scenes you could feel that the fog is actually cold air from dry ice fanned out. It's rare that I see a show in the city and I think getting a story right and have it not be contrived or gimmicky is a challenge.  I think Wicked is one of the best.
Four Days of suffering the embarrassment of showing up with 100+ people to do the lottery for the $26.25 front row seats, wining thanks to my new friend, and then having to deal with a cast just "going though the motions" was a complete and utter let down :-( I am GLAD Avenue Q won the 2004 Tony for Best Musical. Wicked deals with the story of the Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, as told from her point of view.  Glinda starts out as a spoiled rich kid used to getting what she wants & ends up becoming Elphaba's best friend.  I recommend reading the book. Before people slam me on this sold out show that you have to get your tickets MONTHS in advance to see, I'm not saying it's bad.  I'm just saying my experience was bad.  My friend had seen it before with the previous Glinda (Laura Bell Bundy currenly playing Elle in Legally Blonde) and said it was amazing.  He said he was sorry for me to see the show like this cause when he saw it was much better.  Kendra Kassebaum (Glinda) put nothing into her character and just went sorta threw stuff out there.  It was so fake and forced that it was painful to watch.  There was no energy or emotion and I just couldn't get into any of the characters.  Cristy Candler (Nessa Rose aka the Wicked Witch of the East) was the exception and I guess she was also one of the original cast reprising her role.  David Garrison (the Wizard who you may recognize as Steve from Married with Children) was ok, he wasn't giving it his all nor did he walk through the motions.  But like the rest of the cast it was like he was somewhere else.  Julia Murney was wonderful as Elphaba but I still wasn't feeling her. The show has an amazing set and beautiful costumes but the songs aren't all that.  The actors themselves are what make this show a hit because it can not stand on it's own.  When the actor's aren't there, the show falls flat and that's what happened when I saw it.  I really wanted to like this show, I had heard so many good things about it.  I understand now why it didn't win the Tony even with the amazing original cast. Also, word to the wise, the lottery ticket seats aren't worth it.  You are WAY too close, in fact you don't want to be before Row O in the Orchestra at all.  The best seats in the house to see all the action are the back rows of the orchestra as it actually slopes upwards.  Based on the way the theater is shaped I think the Rear & Mid Mezzanine seats are a steal at $50 & $75 respectively. I personally wouldn't recommend anyone see the show with the current cast.
Born and raised in BK. Lost my Broadway virginity here. WHAT A SHOW TO BE YOUR FIRST!!! Just everything was great. Our seats, the songs, the costumes, the story and the performers. I had a great time and everyone who deserved it had a happy ending. The only crappy part of the night was some degenerate behind me with a heavy Brooklyn accident saying "Sit down" to anyone who was obstructing his view for a fraction of a second. Also every time an origins secret was revealed he would whisper whats happening. Besides that the show made up for it all!!! It was funny because for like a minute at intermission I was like wow that show was amazing but short and then it started again and maintained it's awesomeness. So I was satisfied after "Defying Gravity" and discovered there was more show. That's like eating all of your Mcdonalds fries, looking through the bag to find remaining fries and finding a $20 bill. BFSE!!!!! (Best Fucking Shit Ever) May Wicked be playing for many more decades!!!! I hope that idiot behind me got a flat tire on the way home (it was raining that day)
I am definitely a fan of this show- saw it twice and cried both times. My friends and I actually ended up using Wizard of Oz as our theme for Halloween in the end and I was GA-LENDA. Awesome- love this musical! Beautiful sets, songs, actors!!!
Listen carefully--those first few notes as the curtain opens are the opening strains of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow." That's where Wicked wants to take you, and I think it does in true Broadway fashion.  This is the show I recommend for family and tourists, because this is a production with big songs, big costumes, big sets...everything that first comes to mind when you think 'Broadway.' The music is great, though flagging a bit in the second act ('No Good Deed' is the best in the second act, in my opinion), and you'll leave with a smile on your face. The acoustics of the theater can be difficult depending on where your seat is, but I think if you pay attention and listen closely you should be able to make out all the lyrics no matter where you're sitting. If possible, go in spoiler-free for this story; that way you can let all the clues add up and the story unfold to see how it all led up to "when Dorothy dropped in."  A wonderful show!
This is about as good as it gets!!!   The Story - perfectly intertwines with The Wizard of Oz - while Wicked story stands strong on its own - even if you're in the 1% or the world who hasn't seen the Dorthy version.   The Music - great - is it possible to wear out an MP3?  After seeing the show - the soundtrack is so much more enjoyable - didn't think that was possible!   The Acting - GREAT!  NY cast was excellent - I was worried about Alphaba - since it wasn't Adena, but Kerry Ellis wowed me - she's a little powerhouse and a strong actor.  Cast as a whole is made up of really good actors.   The Set - really good - simple, yet full of great detail. The Dancing - not much - but, songs aren't really dance production number songs.  But overall movement is very visual. The Warm-Fuzzies - 100+++ You will feel every emotion and enjoy every second - and when it's over you'll wonder where the time went!   Take the family to this one - everyone will enjoy this show.   BRAVO!!!!
*I know there are plenty of people that love this show* It is made for out of towners looking for a nyc experience, not someone looking for a theatre experience...it is a tourist attraction. And not all tourist attractions are bad, this was. I found a single ticket 15 minutes before curtain in row H. It was not discounted and was still $92. The worst show I've ever seen. And I see a lot of shows! The music, story, and dialogue were an assault on the senses. After sustaining considerable brain damage caused by the first act, I left at intermission. I went home to bang my head on the wall to ease the pain.
This was so amazing! I really wasn't expecting much, since I generally don't like when fairytales are messed with but I was completely blown away. Music, costumes, and sets were beyond, which should be expected from a great broadway show. But what really wowed me was the story and character development. Really the characters were so complexed and there presence from the first to second act was so dramatically different. wow. just wow.
The show was wonderful, better than I was expecting to be honest. The costumes were outrageous and so cool to see. It was bright and fun even when it was sad. My only complaint was sometimes it was hard to hear the lyrics. It wasn't easy to really get the feel of the songs where the extras were all singing. Luckily it didn't really take away from the show.
Wicked was absolutely the best musical I have ever seen.  Even better, we won tickets in the lottery held prior to the show and were in the 4th row.  A huge thank you to everyone involved!  Definitely a night to remember~
One of the best Broadway shows I've ever seen. Lindsay Mendez did an awesome job of connecting with the crowd bringing tears to the eyes of many in the audience be it of joy or sadness. The sets were incredible as well as the rest of the cast. I can't recall the actress name but her portrayal of the good witch was hilarious. All in all I will definitely be seeing this again soon.
I feel like I'm the only one on the planet who doesn't like fluffy puppies, long walks on the beach, or chocolate ice cream on a hot summer's day. Rather than my typical sarcastic reviews, I will 'attempt', perhaps for the first and last time, to be completely objective. Here we go. What you though you might expect, and get: -A very clever story. For the most part, serves as a satisfying prequel to the original classic. -Extremely talented/technically adept singers. (*see what you might not have expected) -Flying Monkeys still rock! What you might not have expected: -*An infamous quote regarding Mariah Carey, "just because you can make that noise, doesn't mean you should" completely relates, most specifically to the Wicked Witch. Damn, there were times I swear I heard dogs yelping in Hoboken during some of the songs. -The whole play is extremely 'operatic'. Don't expect to come bouncing out of the theatre making a complete fool of yourselves in the middle of Times Square singing Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from Mary Poppins. (Ok, it happened once.) -Only a few of the male characters sing, and thank God they did as it provided a much needed respite from the hyper-dramatic style of their fellow female leads. -The set is well designed, but changes only a little throughout the play. -On a related note, there are but a few  'wow', lower jaw dropping, moments like one would see in the Lion King, or even Fuerza Bruta. -Scene changes are abrupt, awkward and not necessarily thought through. Wicked Witch dies (close your ears kids) behind a large curtain conveniently hanging across stage. Huh? -The costumes (luckily can also used for Dicken's A Christmas Carol during the Holidays) are less than inspiring. -Complete lack of toe tapping musical score and innovative dance numbers. (see William Shatner's spoken word...but really, really, really loud) -Insipid one line jokes. (I have both the mental capacity and sophistication of a 12 year old boy, but seriously) Any reference to the holocaust, The Ol' South, and or lesbian undertones, not addressed here. Great for teen age girls and guys whom aspire to be like them. Please send all hate mail to 241 Munchkin Way, Queens, NY. 11370
Caught Wicked yesterday in Austin, TX. As expected, great singers, musicians and dancers and all the bells and whistles that Broadway delivers. It might help to just wiki the wizard of Oz before going for this show to familiarize yourself with the characters, especially if you've not read the book. The lead ladies were absolutely amazing, especially Glinda was awesome. Wasn't a big fan or Oz and Nessarosa. The scene where elphaba flies at intermission is breathtaking. The best thing about wicked were the sets. They created so many different scenes, a barn, a city, a dorm room, a class room and many more. Costumes were really nice too. The show is 2hrs 30mins and a 15 mins intermission. It was a little too long for me. There are 2-3 songs that could be easily edited to make the overall show shorter. It may not be fair to compare different Broadway musicals but that's kind of the point of a review.... the dialogues and singing were superior in Chicago and singing and costumes were superior in The Lion King. However, wicked excels totally in set design! Definitely worth a watch.
My boyfriend took me here for our 4 year anniversary and I loved it!!  I was absolutely captivated by the story line, and I adored the "behind the scenes" story of the Wicked Witch.  It was a completely original and unique twist on the Wizard of Oz.  Some parts were clearly predictable for me, but still enjoyable.  But other parts were full of surprises.  The time just flew on by, and before I knew it, the intermission arrived, and I sprinted off to the restroom, which was the worst part of the show for me, there were over 50 people in front of me in line for the women's room (while NO LINE for the men's room)and another 50 people behind me in line.  I stood there and moved about 3 feet before they called for everyone to take their seats, and intermission was over, since suffering from a UTI, I HAD to pee!!!  Luckily most of the people left to go back to their seats, and I still ended up missing a few minutes of the show because of the restroom, but I literally ran back to my seat so that I could enjoy the rest of it.   The one good thing about waiting out in the lobby for the restroom were all the props from the original play, such as the chair that the wizard sat on and other things.   I kind of regret not sticking around after the show a little and taking some pictures but in all the confusion of the end of the show and the massive crowd of people herding me out of the theater the next thing we knew were outside.   Over all, I really enjoyed this show.  It may also have to do with the fact that it's my first Broadway show in year, the previous two being Cabaret and Bye Bye Birdie in 2nd grade.
Wicked was a simple fun time with the fam. The music is absolutely gorgeous, and the actors' voices gave me shivers. "Defying Gravity" is probably one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. The set is beautiful and the costumes, divine. After leaving the show, I was astounded by how the show comes off differently to a child versus an adult. For example, watching Wizard of Oz when I was younger, I saw it as a story about good vs evil, as do all children, but now that I saw Wicked as a 23 year old, I was able to read more deeply into the story and recognize the underlying political messages. But maybe that's just me. Wicked is definitely one of the best broadway shows I've seen. I'm not sure it's one that I'd see again though, probably because the plot would just get redundant.
First Broadway musical and it was great. I'd go back and see it again if the tickets werent so expensive. Overall great time and great show
So I hate to start all my NYC reviews with AMAZING... but , really, they truly are. In fact, I would dare to say this is beautifully magical. Wicked had been on my list of things to do.  I bought the book a couple of years ago and swore to finish it before I headed to NYC.  In fact, I told myself that I would give myself the present of the show upon completion of the book.   Fast forward to present day non reading Flor. I did not finish the book, but jumped(literally) at the opportunity to see the show on my recent trip to NY. For the record, I have seen plenty of Broadway in my life. I think I am now at 6 shows. Wicked was up there.  The story is genuine, and it's nice to embrace the "defy gravity" slogan.  I truly loved how they translated what I had read to real life.   OZ,  Elphaba, and GAAAAA Linda were amazing.  The characters came to life, in more ways then one. on the Broadway stage.  Singing was powerful, and I even got choked up a couple of times. Even though I was seated in the rear mezzanine, I still enjoyed the show.  Just goes to show you how powerful Broadway is. I was just so happy to be there, and really could not believe everything before my eyes.  I can't wait to read the next book! Great story that speaks to the masses. I am hoping to to see it in LA very very soon, and won't be taking my broom. That's Elphaba's job.
I just don't get this.  Have seen twice and reaction the same both times.  My ears were ass -saulted with the LOUDNESS and the screaming trying to pass as singing. I guess that is why there is vanila and chocolate.... so for me... this a melted tofude (remember that fraud)....
Well, it looks like I'm giving Wicked one of the worst Yelp reviews to date. I'll admit upfront that I found the plot entertaining. However, by the end, it was all quite predictable. More importantly, the show was too glitzy. The songs weren't catchy. The sound quality - engineering and singing itself - were poor. I'm actually not quite sure at all how this show has received so much attention. I'm docking it one point for being so hyped!
My God!  The actress playing Elpheba is a powerhouse!  What a voice.  Highly recommended.
Witches. Who doesn't love them? I do. Without a doubt. Especially the wearing the black pointy hat kind of Witches. Witches with a capital W. If you love Witches, you've got to see this production. What a  superlative show! Best I've ever seen. We had center seats in the sixth row and were quickly drawn in to the storyline by the talented cast and their amazing voices. Spectacular set, costumes and special effects were a feast to the eye. We had a ball and it was obvious that the cast were also having fun doing this well written, witty show.
Wicked is amazing! Amazing vocals, beautiful set -- it will literally take your breath away. It was so great, I would probably pay to see it a couple of more times. It was a great musical, funny, heartfelt, and everything I expected it to be and more. I read the book, and I'm usually not a fan of any adaptations of books, but Wicked was so well done. I had balcony seats so the view wasn't great,  but I'm definitely going to buy a orchestra tickets for next time.
Ladies, a sign that your husband is one of The Good Ones: - He lets you play the Wicked soundtrack all morning of your birthday. - In a few weeks, when you take a trip to New York City, he doesn't flinch when you purchase tickets to the show.  He's never seen it, but you have.  Twice. - He keeps his cool while you completely nerd out from your 7th row seats at the Gershwin.   - Seriously, you're all singing, "WICCKKKKEDDD!!" while you flip through your Playbill.   - And tonight, it's his birthday. Yay for husbands who share their birthdays with their wives. Thanks honey! Wicked's plot plays like a complex Disney film.  It is a story about friendship that includes romance, comedy, action, and a lot of singing about all of the above.  The storyline does lean a little girly, but pretty much every male I've spoken to who has watched the show has found it to be enjoyable, mainly due to the comedic parts. For the repeaters:   Listen. Never mind if you've already seen Wicked elsewhere.  If you love the show and have an opportunity to see it at least once at THE Gershwin Theater, you must take it. The experience is simply elevated.  The house is among the biggest on Broadway, and since the show just saw it's 10th year on Broadway, the theater is even more festively decorated. And of course: Stick around at the stage door after the show and get your Playbills signed by the actors when they come out.  I became a fan of Lindsay Mendez and Derek Klena (Elphaba and Fiyero) after having watched their vlogs prior to the show.  Being able to meet and talk with them and the rest of the cast after the show was such a fun highlight!
My favorite broadway musical. I love my friend for treating me to it. I heard this place is packed almost every night.  I wouldn't necessarily put Wizard of Oz on my top movies list, but I would definitely recommend Wicked to everyone I know.
What a great show!! I have been looking forward to seeing this show for years! We went on 8/8/14 and had seats in the absolute back row. Even though we were in the nose bleeds, it was still great!! We could still see everything and the experience was just as magical. The actors were fabulous and the singing was fantastic. Definitely a must see when visiting NYC!
It was a great show! None of the songs struck me as particularly great as stand-alones, but as a package the performance was great.
Front row tickets for $30 can't be beat - if you're lucky enough to win the one of the few tickets in the lottery. Inspiring show with a very talented cast and a wonderful set.
I rarely give a full 5 stars but this musicals is worth it. Visually it is mesmerizing.... it has a great story with a twist. The music is beautiful and catchy. This is what every musical should model itself after. If you have not seen it, you really should. Although tickets can be a bit pricey it is worth it, believe  me.
It's time to try... Defying gravity.  I think I'll try.. Defying gravity.. (ahhh!) After seeing the performance at the Tony's I knew I had to go. I regret I had waited so long.. It was just spectacular. Amazing set, characters- wonderful songs! And a wonderful, ever so talented cast. This is a big reason I live in NYC.. to whisk myself off to Broadway whenever I get a chance. Wicked is certainly a historical addition to the "Great White Way"..
The best show I have seen so far.  I've been to many shows over the years and was blown away by Wicked.  This was my wife's first Broadway show and she was amazed at what she had been missing.  I then filled her in on the fact that your typical show does not come close to this great story.  It was sort of a bad thing for her to see this as her first show experience because she now compares everything else we have seen to Wicked and is always a bit disappointed.  Nothing else really compares to it, as far as we are concerned.
Awwww... I wasn't paying attention to the number of reviews, and didn't mean for a review of Home Depo to be my 300th...  Oh well, I've decided to treat this 301st review as though it's the beginning of the Christianity year (starting at year 1)! Wicked was a great show! I LOVED the story, the actress playing Glinda did a great job of bringing her character to life, as did the Elphaba (although Glinda consistently delivered her lines better).  I won't go into the details, but suffice it to say, they did a great spin on the story, bringing little nuances and details that really gave the original simple story a great degree of dimension. Sadly, I can't give this musical 5 stars because of the munchkin/other actors. When the show first started (with the opening number) I was REALLY worried because the singing by the munchkins was very difficult to hear/understand. There was no enunciation, and I could only catch one or two words per verse. Fortunately, the quality of the singing got better as the show went on (or as the roles of the munchkin singers decreased), but I found both the singing and random dancing by the non-main characters to be a small distraction from the show itself.  A few minor glitches in the lighting (sometimes Ephaba was super green, and sometimes, she had no color at all), but the glitches were mostly just funny. Anyway, the show is still a MUST-SEE!  The story is really amazing as is the music/stage.
anyone who says anything bad about wicked is stupid... there i said it... seriously though... this show is great from beginning to end, i have seen a good 30-40 shows on broadway and this is one of the few that has no parts where i want to fall asleep... the story is great, it will make you look at the wizard of oz in a whole knew light, and i think that is brilliance to be able to change a classic like that... the music is great as well, its fun, and i guarantee you will be walking away humming a few of the songs... its great for all ages as well, its seems like it may be made for kids, but its like a pixar movie in that there will be plenty of things that only adults will get, and knowing you that will make you feel special :)... go defy gravity.
Heya! My friend and I tried our luck on Wednesday night's lottery for 28 available $26.50 (cash only) front-row seats for the 8pm show. At 5:30pm-6pm each person can write their names on index cards for up to 2 tickets. At 6pm, they called the winners, and my friend won! They called 14 names, and there was a guesstimation of 120 people entering the lottery. The winners got "I won the Wicked lottery!" buttons (better than nothing). We were super-excited, and our seats were front row, but off to the side. I think the winners called out earlier get more center seats. But I wouldn't say there were major visual obstructions from our seats. There was just more occasional neck-straining (call it an IMAX experience; we were looking straight up at the actors coming down the stage stairs). But you can't beat being 4 feet from Glinda and Elphie (loved them) and seeing all the facial expressions up-close and paying around $90 less than the rows behind us. Sometimes we were physically jolted because a flying monkey  jumped nearly in our laps (seriously not kidding). It was a ride. Even if we didn't win the lottery, we would've gotten the cheapest rear mezzanine tickets because their view isn't too bad. The musical is great, I don't know if this is a *SPOILER* but the story differs from the book. Might be another SPOILER but I see it as a combo of Mean Girls, Legally Blonde, Animal Farm, and The Dark Knight. What? Lol.
The only thing I got out of Wicked was a Wicked-ly awful experience. The theater was very small.  The show itself was thrill-lacking, and a bore--I couldn't wait until intermission. The songs were horrible and the singing wasn't on point.  I liked the glitz and glam; the lighting aspect was cool too, so I'll throw in an extra star for that. Unfortunately I just didn't like this show :/ it wasn't what I expected....maybe I don't quite know exactly what I was expecting, but I don't think it was what I got out of Wicked!
This has made the top of my list of broadway shows. Just perfect. I can see this again and again. Can't wait to go back!
A+! What a show and what great roles. No wonder Idina Menzel won the Tony as Elphaba was meant to be played by her. I am a GIANT Idina fan, so you can imagine how nervous I was to see this show for the first time 10 years later and obviously without her. Boy, was I impressed by this Elphaba (Jackie Burns), though. She was seriously on top of it - genuinely excited to be there and giving it her all. The Glinda (Chandra Lee Schwartz) was spot on as well and they both impressed the shiz out of this hard-to-impress theatergoer. The show is so stunning visually and the story will just blow you away. The staging of Defying Gravity (end of Act 1) was so good that I blacked out...seriously. This show has been running for an extremely long time for a reason. It deserves all the success that it has! Do yourself a favor and go see this show immediately.
I was very impressed.  A different take on the classic story, with engrossing new songs (although I was sad not to hear any of the classics, but new is good, still), great effects, and was only semi-distracted at one time in the entire show. Didn't have the original cast, but the current cast (and the understudy for Ga'linda) did an admirable job. A dazzling set, though sometimes the colors of the uniforms can overwhelm as they're all roughly the same green in Oz... but a lovely touch with the lighting. The jokes were funny, and the caricatures were interesting, albeit almost overdone (but enough that made it funny, not overmuch the first time).  A second time I'm not sure it'd be the same, but you should at least see this one once! Different prices for weekdays - weekends - holidays.
Best show I've been to. A great combo of story and amazing music. If you have to see one show this would be it, beware the prices though.
I told my boyfriend I was not leaving NY without seeing a Broadway show, even though he's totally not into musicals or theater.  So, after trying to figure out which show my boyfriend would tolerate, I decided on Wicked.  I convinced him because everyone I knew who saw it loved it. I was a little scared that the show would not live up to the hype it was getting from everyone I've talked to.  It did not disappoint though.  The show was amazing!  The the set was impressive, the costumes were great, the cast was extremely talented, and the storyline was clever and tied in the perfect amount of comedy.  Now, I know prices for Broadway are generally steep, but I thought we paid a lot for the seats we got.  Our seats were in the upper level and had a full view of the stage, but I could not make out a lot of the costume and set details and facial expressions.  I'm not sure I would have paid any more for closer seats though. Overall, the show was great, and even the bf agreed to have enjoyed it.  What's great about this show, is it appeals to a varied audience.  I saw groups of kids, groups of adults, and couples; all of which seemed to enjoy the show.  I would definitely recommend seeing Wicked if you have not done so already; even if you've got a skeptical, musical-avoiding bf.
Easily one of the best musicals I have ever seen. Very clever in the way that they tie in the old Wizard of Oz story by just hinting at it with subtle comments and innuendos. Cast was top notch and may even be better than the original. I ran out to get the soundtrack the day after the show.
Pretty good music, fantastic costumes, amazing cast.  This is Broadway musical at it's finest.  The stage was a performance art just by itself, transforming and moving throughout the acts right in front of your eyes. The story was witty, funny, and amazingly written to tie in beautifully with the classic Wizard of Oz that we know and love from our childhood but with such a twist to the story of what we never knew about the wicked witch. A beautiful heart beyond perception. A love story deeper then skin. I also got the tickets for this show from the show's lottery.  Two tickets second row from the front for $26.50 each.  Can't beat that.
My hubbie took me here as a surprise! I LOVED IT! For a "sequel," it was super well thought out, creative...and so so interesting. Also, I loved the Wizard of Oz. So the way they played into WOZ' storyline and explained like how the Green Witch actually became green...(without giving too much away)...can anyone say SCANDAL! lol ;) Also...I should mention that I saw this show a year and a half ago...still love it. :)
I'm a huge Broadway fan ever since high school choir when we would take trips to NYC to watch shows.  My first being Les Mis and from then on, it was Nutcracker, Miss Saigon, Phantom and so on and so forth.  When Wicked came around, I had no intentions of watching it ever until I happened upon one episode of Glee belting out Defying Gravity.  I immediately fell in love and couldn't wait to take a trip up to NYC to watch the show!  Even my two sisters have watched it few months back and raved about it but still no desire.  I think if they would've sent me Defying Gravity to listen to, I would've been hooked way before Glee.   So last weekend, I had the great opportunity to head to NYC with some friends.  They watched Mary Poppins while I was determined to watch Wicked even though it meant watching it alone.  After the show, I fell in love with the cast but more specifically Dee Roscioli as Elphaba and Kate Rose Clarke as Glinda.  Those two made the perfect pair in harmony and I just love Dee's rich voice compared to Idina.  I wish that there was a recording of their show to bring back but unfortunately the cd was original broadway cast.   The show was nothing that I imagined it to be having never read the book Wicked but have the movie Wizard of Oz.  It's an entirely whole new story, the behind the scenes of what happened before Dorothy dropped in.  It made little smart references to the movie, which I love but still held its own story beautifully.  Glinda was such a quirky character that add humor to the show and Elphaba was very misunderstood but you grow to love her more.   The new take on an old classic movie was just so refreshing and different and the beautiful songs sung throughout, this show has become my newest obsession and I must see it again!  Hopefully with the same cast.  Phantom, Les Mis & Miss Saigons are classics but Wicked is more modern, energetic and just all-around smart.  I love every bit of it and can't wait to go back again - a definite must-see! =)
Of course everyone loves Wicked, it's a great show with great music. I saw it with the original cast, which were spectacular, and it really is a big, extravagant theater experience. I would absolutely recommend it to tourists and those in NYC for a visit. It's also a good show for the family (definitely lightened up from the book, which I didn't like all that much). It's no doubt a crowd-pleaser
This is the second time I've been to Wicked and it's still, without question, one of the best Broadway shows I've ever been to. I haven't seen such a visual treat since Beauty and the Beast which closed a few years back. I'm a huge Wizard of Oz fan and I loved what Gregory Maguire had done with the backstories in his novels and was excited to see it put on stage.  The setting mainly takes place and we see Galinda and Elphaba, later known as the Wicked Witch of the West, meeting at university and the story unfolds from there. The costumes, the lighting, the score, and the acrobatics are done to perfection. A completely pleasant sensory overload. One word of advice I will give is that while they are now selling tickets at TKTS, it is better spend a little extra and actually get to choose your seat. Most of the time it really doesn't matter (like with Mamma Mia) but the way this play is designed, you will get a more rewarding experience.My recommendation is to try to avoid the balcony, the way the aerials are carried out (particularly in the first act) they are much more impressive when they have the height  directly above you because they extend out from the stage and into the auditorium itself.I did the full splurge for center second row, but really any seat in the orchestra section will yield you full appreciation.
A wonderful Broadway musical!!!!! Excellent show. Comfortable seating. Great view from almost any seat in the house. Can't wait to go and see another.
Not for me.  The actresses spend the whole dialogue whinning.  I left half way through and gave my front row tickets to a mom and young daughter from Texas.  Good deed for the day, and hey, maybe the second half blows it out of the park, but I wasn't waiting around to see.
I had the opportunity to see Wicked for the first time this past week with my wife and kids, and I was simply blown away! The musical was so precise even down to the very tiny details. The acting, dancing, singing was all flawless, and I enjoyed every minute of it. I have seen quite a few Broadway shows, and some have left me quite dissapointed *cough CATS cough*. The plot is very well written, and the actors do it justice. Although, I wish I was able to see Kristin Chenoweth perform in it. Anyways, the story was so touching and is truly fit for all ages. I will comment though, that the price of the tickets are a bit high. My front mezzaine ticket cost me almost $200 per person, which is painfully expensive.
Ima be honest, having come to NYC for the first time, the first broadway show I wanted to watch was either Chicago or the Book of Mormon. My mom convinced me to get these tickets so I was basically dragged to this show. Since it was such last minute we were only able to get mid mezzanine but we still had an amazing view of the stage. I sat down a couple minutes late as our train was delayed but as soon as I sat down I knew I was about to watch an amazing performance. I came out of the theater flabbergasted at how amazing that show was. I have read the book and it was just as amazing. Love this show.
Wed, afternoon showing, Barbara and I loved it. Actually enjoyed the field trip kids - good exposure to creative culture. Grand musical. Good work - win for performing arts.
I think I'm well in the minority not to love this musical to death.  This was my first viewing, and while I am quite familiar with the Wizard of Oz story (loved all the Baum books and of course, the classic 1939 film), I knew next to nothing about this "prequel."  I've heard rave reviews but I'm seldom wowed by Broadway musicals so didn't have strong expectations going in. The story focuses on the relationship between two girls, one pretty, popular, shallow, and selfish, and one smart, talented, ugly to others and a loner.  Its a coming of age tale that weaves familiar themes of bigotry, unlikely friendships, and the power of friendships to change people.  Personally I found the story predictable, and the principle romance wholly unbelievable because of lack of development.  The attempt to link this story temporally with the one featured in the 1939 film felt awkward at best.  The acting and vocals were competent but the particular cast I saw didn't have any standout vocalists. The songs were fairly melodic, if not very memorable.  Ultimately, I just failed to sufficiently care enough about the characters to be moved. One major plus was the visual: the staging and sets are gorgeous.  And the story moves along at a good pace, and is simple to follow. Wicked has universal themes and its easy to see the broad appeal to so many more folks, especially teenagers/tweens in whom the themes are even closer to home.  It just didn't do it for me.  Still, lest anyone think I hate Broadway musicals in general, the Broadway run of Les Miserables moved me to tears (and the TAC performances still do).  In the end, its a preference.  For me, Wicked was just ok.
Broadway at its finest. This musical combines dancing, singing, costumes, lighting, design, the whole shabang.
Toss Toss I learned to be girlier thanks to Gahhhlenda, or is it Glinda? A new perspective on a classic story.
I listed this as a 5 star because anything Wicked related is a must. Although being that I am a big fan, a lot of the information that was given was things I already had known. But for the bargain price of $35 you get to sit in the Gershwin, which is beautiful, and see the set up close and learn things from 2 very knowledgeable past and present cast members. Seeing the costumes up close is also a real treat.
I'm gonna make this simple - we'll look at the good and then the bad.  Other yelpers who have this play 5 stars: THEY DONT JNOW WHAT THEYRE TALKING ABOUT.  3 stars is generous, and I'm in a very giving mood! First the good - nice set,outstanding voice and acting talent, good dancers.  Audio was good level and clear.  Good story, imaginative with good ties to original movie... They had sour patch kids, which I picked up at intermission.  An excellent theatrical treat.  Theatre is nice - even though we were in the nose bleed sections, good clear view of set and actors Now for the bad (and I'll include my solutions at no charge) 1. The beginning lyrics/singing - I could not, for the life of me, understand what the h$ll they were singing.  It was marbled mess...nothing to do with audio system.  It was a combination of the words and tempo - I would have needed closed caption to understand what on earth they were saying.  I suggest they get two jumbotrons on either side of stage with video and close caption 2. This play is long...includin intermission it went on for 3 hrs.  I think they could have cut. 30-45 min easily from the musical.  It didn't help that my back was killing me bc the seat is not all that comfortable.  Pain felt like sharp knife into my spinal cord...made the musical feel even longer 3. The songs - I did praise the cast for vocal talent.  They hit some high notes, vibrato was there, sharp and on point.  Problem is, none of the tunes were memorable.  Even last night, after walking out of the theatre, I could not remember one tune.  I remember GUI DOY from ms Saigon (I watched that over 15 yrs ago, and I couldn't remember one tune from last night.   4. Story - the bedroom scene with Glinda and elephaba talking went way too long...felt like my open toes dragging on sharp/jagged concrete.  The song "because I know you," way too many notes.  They were singing to each other like Armageddon was coming...I was thinking "oh geez come on! 5. So at ntermission, I got tasty sour patch kids.  $4 for a box, a big box.  But when I opened it, the bag was smaller than the coin pocket to my tight ass skinny jeans.  Not good value, but the sour patch candy was fresh- 6. So I come back to sit after intermission, so they announce that a different actress will be playing Glinda.  Ok, maybe the OG Glinda was hurt or strained her voice, but the replacement had a completely different personality.  Almost like she was playing a different character...this change really detracted from the whole experience for me.  It was like in Wrestlemania when coco beware was trying to replace one of the machines in a tag team match but the referee caught the trade!!!  NG 7. So curtain goes down and I'm ready to go.  The characters come out and everyone applauding.  I get it - they deserve it.  I'm about to get up then the actress who played zelphaba comes out and goes on a rant asking for money to support this and that and sell signed memorabilia.  I was thinkin geez Louise I just want to leave.  She was ramblin how actors need money and support actors - what about periodontists?  What about former wall st CEO's?  What about overthrown dictators ?  What about the homeless?  Everyone needs money (more money that is) - give me a break.  Renegotiate your contract, go elsewhere or get out of acting and pick up another job.  Geeez Louise!  Freakin killing me man_ So wicked gets 3 stars.  I wouldn't say its bad, but I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone either.  It's been going strong for over a decade, so popular belief says it's good.  I just disagree because I'm original.
Even if you're not an Oz fan - Wicked is one of the best shows currently on Broadway.  Incredibly talented cast, witty script, and a strong story line of it's own, though it connects well to the original Wizard of Oz film.  I was wowed
This show is pretty awesome.  It's funny, it's tragic, it's smartly written.  I think everybody by now knows that Wicked is a companion piece to the Wizard of Oz (some people call it a prequel, but it's not exactly that) where the audience introduced to the origins and inner conflicts of the various characters from the Oz universe. The solos are pretty amazing, especially from Elphaba, who can really belt some surprisingly low notes to go with the extended high notes.  I think the only thing keeping me from giving this play a 5 star review was, well, Wicked was just a bit too happy.  Some of the dance sequences were over the top and the costumes, flamboyantly over saturated with color.   I know it's Oz, but with a title like Wicked, I was expecting a little more darkness, but that's pretty minor.  This show was thoroughly entertaining.
This is my favorite show of all time. The story is both great and simple to understand. If you know the Wizard of OZ then you will think it is great when they added the alternate story behind the story. Glenda and Elpheaba are such great singers and the songs were just memorable. I love watching it and it is worth watching over and over.
If you're a Gleek like my best friend & me, then you should know that we received the final push to come here for the Defying Gravity number. Since the play, we've added a few more new favorites to our list ^^ Starting with the beautiful theatre itself, the elegant and enchanting 3 levels, including their little B'way hall of fame, is definitely the most regal theatre out of the handful that I've been to. Inside, the chairs are incredibly comfortable, and the temperature & ventilation is just perfect. I don't know about the rest of the audience, but the ushers were pretty lenient on photography before/after showtime, which I absolutely LOVED. The lead, played by Mandy Gonzalez, is fantastically breathtaking. First having heard her as the lead of In The Heights, I personally enjoyed her singing more than the original Elphaba, Idina Menzel. I still remember the second she first entered the scene, the crowd cheering, and her innocent and excited smile (portraying Elphaba's then emotion), til the last note her pipes pushed out... she is so engaging and leaves a strong impression. My favorite character, however, is Glinda as brilliantly performed by Katie Rose Clarke. Needless to say, her voice is as every bit flawless as it is angelic, fitting for the Good Witch. Glinda doubles as the comic relief and the antagonist of the story. But ultimately and simply, she is the best friend. And their final number together broke a personal B'way record of mine: instead of crying once per play, my tears were jerked twice in Wicked. It's a must-watch to share with your kids, other half, or best friends. It's time to try defying gravity!
I see many plays...Wicked was good but definitely not one of my favorites!  Worth seeing but if there are others that you haven't seen, go to those first!
Best broadway show I've seen, hands down! My fiance and I finally stopped being cheap and bought expensive tickets and came to see what the buzz is all about.. wow! What a show! The entertainment value is priceless. I'm usually skeptical about cheesy musicals, but the story line sucked me in right off the bat. The talent is sublime and their voices are a treat to jaded ears. I personally enjoyed the first half more than the latter. While the first part was setting up the story-line, the second part played out the outcome. I've always been more interested in the build up as opposed to any conclusion. By the end of the show, I actually teared up! The actors and actresses bowed to the audience and you can truly feel the energy in the theater and appreciation for a great performance. I have NOTHING negative to report, for once!
The show was very well put together and the cast was great, but I really expected to be blown away and that just wasn't the case. I personally believe Young Frankenstein was better.
Watched it last night. It was amazing!! The show the staff and omg the green apple drink was simple magical lol.
Anybody who thinks that WICKED is anything less than 5 stars needs to get their priorities straightened out! Unbelievable sets, special effects, and costumes; as well as memorable music, a touching story, and life lessons that will stick with you forever.
I loved EVERY SECOND of Wicked!!!!  Jenni Barber as Glinda is the BEST - she has the crowd laughing with her amazing performance.  She is lovable yet snooty, compassionate, while selfish (Compassion triumphs)!  She captures the Good-ish Witch perfectly!  Her singing - STELLAR.  Gorgeous voice!  And Christine Dwyer is a perfect blend of raw innocence, vulnerability, frustration, angst, love... not to mention powerhouse pipes!  The two of them together are absolutely phenomenal!  The last song together had me in tears... and I could see Glinda's face from my seat - she was crying too!  Talk about in character... BRAVO!  When the two stand out leads came out for a final applause, the entire theatre jumped to their feet cheering!  The whole thing gave me goosebumps!   I am getting tickets again to see them!
This is my favorite Musical by far. First, I felt like a little kid every time a reference to the original Wizard of Oz surfaced.  Secondly, the music is amazing, where you feel like you are going to cry every time they hit a high note.  Lastly, the theme behind this was amazing!  I recommend to everyone regardless of age!
Initially, I had little appreciation for this show. I saw it two years ago with my brother after reading the books and books about the show. I was greatly disappointed that the show cut out so much of the book. But now I see that was foolish. I went to see the show again after listening to their songs for a year and discovered the complexities of the song, the depth of meaning and appreciation for the writers of the show. The writers adaption of the book was appropriate for a their audience (and for the sake of time). It must be intimidating and incredibly hard to follow legends such as Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth and have people compare your work to theirs. My husband and I loved Wicked! The performers did a beautiful rendition of all the songs. The acting was on cue, the range was amazing and our seats were incredible!
AMAZING! It actually made me cry. This show teaches you that things are not always what they seem. I love how they told the story prior to Oz. It was just beautiful. Good stage set up and great singing. It will make you laugh, make you cry and you will walk away feeling satisfied.
I was so moved, even from my seat on the VERY LAST ROW, I bawled my eyes out for the whole last song. Then I realized it was only the end of Act 1. One of those gifts of life.. I then went on to enjoy Act 2 just as much. Amazing, amazing show. Even with my high expectations. I'm obsessed with the soundtrack now. Hands down the best musical I've seen. They raffle out free tickets before every show.. I went several times but never got it. Your chances are decent, they give out at least 10 or so tickets. It's just over 100 people show up (even in 20 degree weather in the dead of winter). Thank god for birthdays.. my friend took me and it was the best gift ever.
Dropped over US$1000 so 4 of us could see the show in premium seats.  Wound up  having trouble hearing dialogue and even the singing -- the orchestra drowned out much of the voices.  The leads also were weak on the softer notes, though fine for belting loud numbers.  Who'd have thought the road show version I saw would have been much better than on Broadway?  (And yes, my hearing is fine.)
All I gotta say is the show is spectacular! The actress who plays Elphaba is AMAZING particularly her singing! Glinda's vocals were much weaker compared to Elphaba's voice. She's my favorite character in the performance. Those who are not familiar with Wicked will learn the story is spun the opposite. Glinda who is known as the Good Witch didn't start out that way, she was the deceiving character that always gets her way. Elphaba on the other hand is not the evil character (as the original story depicts the character), she was the misunderstood girl with emerald skin cast as a lonely outsider. The play gives an in-depth look of what grew from a friendship and happened that led the two girls into separate paths. I would LOVE to own the gorgeous black lace dress!!! Behind the scenes of Wicked interview (separate admission), it goes into depth of the process of designing the costumes. The costume skirt literally takes 2 weeks for one stitcher to make the whole dress. The dress takes up 40 yds. of fabric that is cut up and stitch on all of the layers for the bottom of the dress skirt. The center of the dress has a corset embroidered in a combination of 12 different fabrics that have been quilted, cut, and stitched together so it feels like it's one fabric. Freys and strings hangs on the outside sleeve to allow movement. According to costume designer Susan Hilerty, the amazing thing about the Wicked costumes in the play is that "it is made in a way that lasts for 8 performances a week, every week, for a long period of time." Keep in mind that this is pretty much a Broadway Blockbuster so each of performances is a SOLD OUT show. I would suggest to keep it to mid or back Orchestra since the seats are tight. In fact a bit too confined that the person next to me was fidgeting back and forth. The mezzanine level is one level up, the further the seats, the harder it is for viewers to see the stage from above. This would make a wonderful present & treat for your kids or your loved ones!!!
Overall a great show. The script is clever, and the cast is great. I went with my wife and two daughters (15 and 10) who enjoyed the show. My only complaint is the seats. We paid a premium price and sat in the center first row of the mezzanine.  The entire front row of the mezzanine has a partially obstructed view because of a safety bar.  This was disappointing as we paid a premium for these seats. Advice is don't pay to sit in the first row of the mezzanine level. Sit in the second row or later.
Went with the family on 7/23/14. It was pretty good. The only good thing for adults to consume at the snack bar is perhaps their alcoholic slushie...yummy. for kids..of course sweets. The gift shop is nice too, but wow pricey. Overall its a great show. Get dressed up, sit back & enjoy.
This show is fantastic, the sets are beautiful and the theater is just great. A little small, but, very comfortable seating throughout. The two leads in this show are awesome and all the supporting cast is just as good. You will think a little differently about the Wizard of Oz after you see this show. Hit the bathrooms before the show starts or stand in line for a long time.  Just a friendly hint. The kids in the audience were so quiet and just as blown away by the show as their parents, they do sell some merchandise out in the lobby if you want to purchase. We had seats in the orchestra section a little off to the right but had a great view of everything, love those flying monkeys!!
Didn't think I could fall in love with another musical since Ms. Saigon and Les Miserables closed...I spoke too soon! What an amazing show.  The scenary, the music, the performers, the costumes are so fantastic.  They really draw you into the story.  I've seen twice, when it first debut with Kristin Chenowith and Idina Menzel and then recently right before Christmas...both times it was truly magical.
just came back from this AMAZING SHOW, and really can not live down the excitement it created.  i read the book about 4 years ago, and would rather focus on acclaiming the musical.  though, the overall tone of the show compared to the book is much lighter, one would find, it was more "family friendly".   moving on, the show was filled with clever and witty humor, and extravagant sets and costumes.  elphaba's makeup was impeccable.  the performer's vocals were all incredibly powerful.  the flying monkeys were awesome to watch crawl all over the stage and sets with no boundaries.  the songs and lines were delivered with such convincing emotion.   they really did an excellent job at bringing this story to life.
In the top-tier of Broadway productions. I hear Aida was better but this is up there with Memphis. A great show to see in the winter. An original story--explores deep themes: scapegoats, loneliness, ugliness, and truth. Captivating from the start--superb acting and singing supplemented by excellent staging, lighting, and special effects. No risk of falling asleep here--even with a 2 hour 45 minute show duration. Glinda is crazy, but so entertaining. Elphaba is also excellent.
Giving out top honors to a top notch production. Kept me riveted from curtain to curtain and that is something that has not happened before to this 52 year old theater going j off. It's hard to believe that I watched an under study play the part of the wicked witch tonight. ( 10/7/12). She was absolutely amazing. The cast plus the set plus the score plus the orchestra equals a perfect storm of top notch broadway that one can go a lifetime without witnessing. If you are going to spend a short portion of your life in NYC (aka a weekend or week) make sure you take in this play. I once walked out of Cats in the 80's ok?  This is the play I wish I saw first.
To celebrated our 15th Wedding Anniversary with wife (who else) and son, we've decided to purchase tickets to see Wicked the Musical. I've always wanted and never been so excited to see Wicked. I wholeheartedly agree with almost all of the 5 star reviews from fellow Yelpers. The awesome songs (favorite is Gravity), singing, music and unpredictable storyline made Wicked one of the most memorable musicals. I recommend purchasing Orchestra seats near the left aisle because you'll see most of the action. Our seats were located in row N - seats 5, 7 and 9. Watch the Wizard of Oz movie (if you've never seen it) before watching the musical. There are one liners that wouldn't be funny if you never seen the movie. Enjoy...
Just saw Wicked today after winning a lottery ticket!!! Got front row seats for only $30!!! And yes, maybe front row isn't ideal because you have a bit of a skewed view of the set but for $30 I'm not complaint! It was truly a magnificent production, I laughed, I cried, I was absolutely moved! The best part of being in the front row was that I could see every expression on the actors' faces and their talent really showed through! Highly recommended!!
BEST BROWADWAY SHOW EVER! I bought my Mom tickets for her birthday to this show and included my Dad and bf as well. Because I wanted Front Mezzanine tickets, I had to go out 5 or 6 months from the day I was making the purchase to get the seats I wanted. Because this is still one of the more popular shows on Broadway, I wasn't able to find any discount codes for them and had to buy them at regular price. Unfortunately due to traffic and the commute, we arrived about 15-20 minutes late for the show. We took bathroom breaks first before taking our seats. We had perfect seats. Being in the Front Mezzanine, we were able to see the whole stage. The costumes, sets, and acting were fantastic. The music was amazing and I loved the story! I would definitely recommend this show to anyone. It was so good that I'd go back to watch it a second time!
I LOVED IT!!! Like everyone else said, Wicked was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Elphalba and Glinda (formerly GAH-linda =P) gave amazing performances! I didn't expect to laugh so much and so loud. Everything about Wicked was spectacular!  The story was entertaining, the costumes were delish, the sets were fabo! Everything worked so well for Wicked. I would recommend Wicked to everyone!
This has been my favorite musical since 2005, circa right after I got my braces off. I kid, that was a couple years before. Anyways, we had last row of Orchestra for a steal! About $100 a ticket. Although I fell in love with Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth, the current cast is still bewitching. G(a)linda is slap your knee funny! The dancing and sets are gorge. A must see on Broadway! The drinks are a tad bit expensive but you get a free souvenir sippy cup and def get a double.
OK, I love musicals, but the music, the story, all fabulous! Definitely not just for kids. Wish I could've seen it with Chenowith. However, I wouldn't pay the full price -- it's just crazy expensive. But I would (again) wait outside in the bitter cold to try to get lottery seats.
Incredible show! We are not people who regularly go to plays or musicals, but my husband & I figured that when in NYC, we had to see a Broadway show. We heard Wicked was one of the very best & bought front mezz section seats. We were completely blown away by the talent....from the set & costumes to the acting & singing...it was top notch! My husband even got into it and almost forgot that he was missing the Wild Card playoff game that would put the Orioles in the playoffs for the first time in about 15 years (okay he may have checked the score a handful of times). Yep, it was that good!!!
I know I'm in the minority regarding my rating of this musical, but I must say that I felt a bit underwhelmed and disappointed after seeing it. I've been anxious to see Wicked for years based on the reviews &  hype and with the recent 2 for 1 Broadway deal, I finally got the chance to see it. I won't bore you with a synopsis as everyone knows it's the prequel of The Wizard of Oz and the relationship between Glinda, the good witch and the Wicked Witch. Yes, the singing was fantastic---typical Broadway, as were the costumes, special effects  and plot (it was actually funny) but it just fell short of my expectations overall. I saw it a few days ago and can't even remember one number sung during the production. Although they say it is for people of all ages, I believe that it has a strong appeal to the younger crowd. I would recommend this musical as it is a fun night out,  but to me, I have seen better and in my opinion,  it is not the best musical ever.
Wicked is and always has been an absolutely stunning show. It never gets old. I've seen this show in the Gershwin Theatre eight times - I never get sick of it. Each cast brings something different to this truly spectacular show. A few tips - the rush is possible to win, try it! The rush tickets are amazing, and I've won it twice! If you have to go to the bathroom during intermission, be careful. If the show starts before you're back in, you will have to wait until the entire number is over before you can go back in. Their merchandise is amazing and their drinks are moderately priced for a theatre. The entrance is inside. I reccomend getting there early, because even the pre-production scenery is breathtaking to view. Seriously - do not leave without seeing this. You'll regret it. If you do see it, trust me when I say you'll be singing it for years to come.
This is a show that defies gravity.  The scene where the witch flies up in the air will stay on my mind forever.  I listen to Wicked songs on Pandora.  The music is phenomenal.  We went with the Girl Scouts and my daughter got picked to go on stage before the show.
I had the best experience at Wicked last night! I looked up tickets online and they were pretty expensive (about $125 each for orchestra seats). However after doing some more research, I learned that they do a lottery before each show. Lottery winners can purchase front row tickets for just $26.25. Each person can enter that night's lottery one time for a maximum of two tickets. I believe they have 28 of these tickets available per show. We wanted to go to the 8pm show on Friday so we showed up for the lottery at 5:30 pm at the theater. My boyfriend and I both entered the lottery along with about 200 other people. At 6pm, an employee picked about 10 names from the lottery and called up the winners. I was the second-to-last name he called out. I was so excited to see Wicked in the front row! The show was amazing. We were seated directly in front of the orchestra, and we were able to peek down there and see the musicians getting ready for the show. We were so close to the stage that we could hear the individual voices of the actors singing. What an experience! Wicked was an amazing show, and I think it is so cool that they do the lottery. I recommend entering the lottery but even if you don't win, cough up the money and see it. It was an unforgettable experience for me.
Amazing sets, fantastic cast and a great story!  It was a little long.
First Broadway show!  Got it for my girlfriend as a gift and didn't really know what to expect.  It's not really my thing, or so I thought.  I was entertained; it was very witty and the singing was so crazy.  I can appreciate the amount of talent it takes to be able to sing that well while in character and moving and dancing at the same time.  Wow! I thought the theater experience was going to be a lot different.  I figured it to be stuffy and uptight but it was quite the opposite.  Plenty of average joes like myself attending and enjoying.
A well made show, it is rather long with a slow start but does get entertaining later on.
There's a reason Wicked has turned Broadway upside down, and there's a reason the show sold out in minutes. There has never been anything quite liked Wicked. Wicked comes full circle. All your questions are answered, every moment moves the storyline forward. Every character has layers. And a musical with two female leads?? There's always that sad joke for thespians that every play requires mostly men, so the guys who show up are all cast. The thousand women in the audition line however fight for the three or four female roles. Not this time. Two ladies carry the show, exhibiting two extremes of the female personality. The story is told so you will focus on the misunderstood Elphaba, but I really love Galinda and she in fact steels the show. If I'm the judge, "Popular" beats "Defying Gravity" every time. Take a journey over the rainbow and you won't regret it. Wicked is everything you're hoping it will be.
I heard of this show when it first debuted in San Francisco before it hit Broadway.  My coworker had great reviews, and unfortunately I missed it before it headed to Broadway, so I made it a point to catch it when I visited NYC.  I saw this show back in 2003, it's a great story about the other side of the Wizard of Oz story.  I was enthralled with the show from beginning to end and just had to buy the soundtrack.  I recently saw this again at the Pantages Theater in LA, and it's just as good as it is today as it was when I first saw it.
Z one that popped z cherry.  Saw it with my boyfriend at the time.  And it blew my mind!  I loved the whole twist on the original story- The Wizard of Oz was my absolute favorite movie as a child. I was seated 3 rows from the front & a bit to the left of the stage- although it is always nice to be that close to the action, I would recommend watching it a little further back & centered so you can take it all in. Warning: you cannot pop your Broadway cherry here bc if you do, nothing else will compare.  It is phenomenal- the performances are stellar, the set is breathtaking, the songs are ones you can sing to in your shower; I should know, I'm always 'Defying Gravity.'  lol I bought the CD and I bought the shirt.  Lifetime fan!
AMAZING!!!  I recommend not reading the book before you go.  It was great to be surprised by all the twists and turns of how certain characters (Tin Man, etc) got to be the way they are.  Costumes, music, etc. everything was great.  The best Broadway show I have seen by far.
Saw a 2pm showing yesterday.  The show was incredible. The set design is out of this world.  The merchandise was totally overpriced.  $40-55 for a T-Shirt? No thanks.  We did get a bargain by getting one of those environmental friendly reuseable bags with Wicked  and "Be Green For Good" all over it for $15.  Also at the bar we got two drinks in collector's cups for $5 each.
This musical defines gravity. I adore Wicked, I had seen it twice back in 2004 . I am meaning to go back soon, I'm just looking for some discounts. The songs are great. It is great for any age. What a great gift this would be for anyone. Def a must see.
The performances were entertaining. There was absolutely no doubt about the talent on stage. A significant portion of the audience was young girls with their Mom. Resultant benefits included unbelievably short lines at the men's bathroom and the bar. The show is suitable for all ages. The story was somewhat surprising to me, considering I had not thought for one microsecond about the Wizard of Oz in MANY years. Clearly, that evil green witch is misunderstood. It is not easy being green.
While our seats were Orchestra ZZ row (the very back) this was an incredibly enjoyable show. I never read the book so I didn't know what to expect but the songs were excellent, both leads were incredible, and the effects were well beyond what I was expecting. Quite a fun show.
Wicked was one of the first musicals that I absolutely fell in love with.  I'm pretty sure I listened to the cast recording for a full year before I saw this show.  However, Wicked was also one of the most disappointing shows I've ever seen.  Now that I'm out of my Wicked-craze phase, I think I can review it more objectively. Stephen Schwartz's score and lyrics are fun, bubbly, and hummable, but ultimately superficial and lacking in sophistication and true emotion.  The look of Wicked is fabulous, and, visually, it's probably only second to "Lion King".  But if you've read the Gregory Maguire book off of which this musical is based, you'll be disappointed to know that if you take the basic skeleton of the book's plot and plop it on stage, what you'll get is probably more substantive than what you'll see on stage.  I especially hated how the musical's writers changed the ending to make it "happier."  (What's up with American plays and movies and the need for a happy ending?  Probably the need to please audiences and thus please the producers with high box office sales.) All in all, Wicked is worth seeing simply for the visual look of it and for the sake of listening to some fun (yet empty) music that is accessible to a general audience.  I can understand how people can really like this musical, but the musical's overarching superficiality (including it's unnecessarily happy ending) definitely ruined it for me.
Fantastic, Fantastic show.  The story is great and the staging is phenomenal. When the Wicked Witch belts out the final verse of Defying Gravity it is one of the high points of any musical I have seen on broadway.  My only complaint is that number closes the first Act and there is not another song in the show that comes close to matching it.  They story carries the show from intermission on. Still it is a wonderful play, and a great way to introduce young adults to Broadway.
It's true...all the hype...one of the BEST shows ever! The stage and scene design were fabulous. The vocals were some of the best I've ever heard. You must pick up one of the CDs so you can relive this musical over and over again. This is a feel good show for the entire family! Definitely not anything like the Wizard of Oz or even the book, Wicked. Go and enjoy a great tale of friendship!
A sweet and clever show that you are sure to love.
Read the book, and the musical was just as great! Wicked was pretty legit! My imagination from reading the book really came alive. This was my second Broadway experience and it was fun! Scored $43 mezzanine tickets from school, and am glad I went! I went with my roommate and she also enjoyed it. It was funny, emotional, and left me feeling warm at the end. Although I prefer books over movies/productions, Wicked was definitely worth seeing.
Good show but not the best def.
This was the first Broadway show I have ever watched and the performance was so amazing that it moved me close to tears. You can really feel the emotions of the actors just by hearing them sing and act. The sound quality of the theater and the performance was out of this world.  They really know how to pick the right talent for the show.  The set was remarkable: the colors and design they used were just as I expected from a Broadway show.  I didn't even notice that the set changes and it felt like it just magically transformed in front of my eyes. We tried moving around the Gershwin Theater at the end of the show and I must say there are no bad seats.  You can get a clear view of the stage no matter where you are in the theater. The drinks were expensive but they come in souvenir cups that had proven useful already.  You can reuse them and the lids act like one of those reusable coffee cups that have a spill proof seal. The tickets are expensive as well but it was such a great experience that I did not regret not a single penny.
Fun night! Great theatre, cast was great (although I would have loved to see the original cast), and the music was fun. I was somewhat disappointed about the changes in the story but the costumes and dazzling octaves that the performers were reaching soon made me forget. A great evening!
Best broadway show i've seen I am not an art buff, so i am not looking for complex things, i am just looking to have a good time and see a great story and have a memorable experience - wicked delivered! What i loved was the plot, learning about the two main characters, and the colorful production.
lots of full on singing, which was great. quite a bit of humor too, which was unexpected. towards the end of the show, i could feel the 3 hours wearing on me. i don't know how kids sit through these. i think they weaved the storyline very well with the original. very cute and endearing. $4 bottled water though? boo.
The only reason I have only one check-in here is because there's no wifi in the front row of the theater, and I usually forget to check in during intermission. I've seen this musical FIVE times, and cried twice. Needless to say, I love this musical. The first two times I saw Wicked I actually fell asleep during some parts, but I wouldn't attribute that to the musical; the same thing happened to me during one of the X-Men movies. :/ The first time I paid $93 to see this show in San Francisco, and it was amazing. The 2nd time a friend gave me a free ticket to the NYC production, and I actually liked the SF one better. The last 3 times I saw it, I went friends (different ones each time) for the lottery and every time, my friends won the ticket. Weird fact: every time my friends won the lottery, we sat in the exact same seats. This musical is a story about how the Wicked Witch of the West actually came to be "wicked", from birth to young adulthood. I'm not sure how much of an "alternative" story you could call this because it's a story that very plausibly fits in with the original "The Wizard of Oz". I don't want to say much more about it lest I give away relevant point plots. The women who play Elphaba and Galinda are amazing actors as well as singers, as is the guy who plays Fiero. I highly recommend going to see Wicked, especially if you get a price as cheap as the lottery price ($26.50). However, I would also say that good orchestra seats are worth the $85 or $90 that they command.
I know my husband would kill me for this but it was okay. I mean it was good but there were parts that drug on and honestly the whole story was just okay. The end is what makes this story so amazing. And let's face it when someone is reminded of a play or movied they tend to remember the ending the most.
Wicked truly is a beautiful production. The stage and set pieces are amazing. The theater itself is lovely although I got the time wrong and arrived 2 minutes before the show started so I didn't get a lot of time to look around. I loved the show and the music really gets stuck in your head, I was singing Popular for 2 straight weeks after seeing the show. Book early to get good seats!
The music was great, the cast was wonderful, and the stage setting was amazing. It's something that would appeal to children and adults.
AMAZING!!!! Had great seats but even if I were sitting all the way in the back I would've thought the same b/c everything was over the top in the best way possible! Everything was beautiful from the stage changes, costumes, and accessories. Great story to it & the singing was so good!!
As for the show - loved it... * Funny * Good Story * Great singing that you can actually understand each word * Entertaining As for our seats....when deciding between seats in the front orchestra on the left 3 rows vs. row M on the right orchestra it depends on what you like. ~ Front row seats orchestra left~ * Pro - you can see faces, expression, upclose view of costumes * Con - can't really see the scene changes well & take-in overall view of setting and some view is blocked ~Row M orchestra right~ * Pro - Great view of the entire stage, get jist of the entire scene and story * Con - can't see faces too clearly but still can see pretty well (better than I originally thought),
What an awesome production! One of the first English stories I read was the Wizard of Oz. I've seen the film over and over, braved the mockery for singing the songs, and constantly plugged my imagination into Frank L. Baum's fantasy world. Then I grew up. No wait...Power Rangers/NinjaTurtles/Ghostbusters came along...then I grew up. I loved Wicked. I have a spot for parallel fiction, re imagining, or even fan based fiction and this one bought me within the first five minutes. I'm quite intrigued and will be picking up the novel the show was based on. The choreography and musical numbers were phenomenal and the whole show popped from the stage. The performers really brought the characters to life. The set wasn't large but the transitions were seamless and complimented each scene. Overall it's well worth the price and the trouble of getting tickets. Out of all the broadway shows I could've caught in New York, I'm glad Wicked was the one I saw.
my favorite Broadway show!!! when i read the book by Gregory Maguire i kept envisioning in my mind all the colorful scenes and how Elphaba would look. When they turned it into a broadway show, all my reservations where answered! absolutely amazing from start to finish. they captured the book wonderfully. the cast was suburb, in their acting and vocally. It is a def must see!
This was the second time seeing this show after seeing it during its second year.  It is just such a fun show and I love all of the music.  It definitely helps if you know the Wizard of Oz story well, because there are a lot of winks to it and you will appreciate the humor of Wicked so much more. Both casts that I have seen have really blown me away.  The set is also truly spectacular, with flying monkeys and all.  This show truly is a cultural phenomenon!! Tip: they do a lottery for front row tickets starting 2.5 hours before showtime (names drawn 2 hours before showtime) for $26.25 each.  This is how I got both of my tickets, so I highly recommend trying it!
The absolute best show on broadway !! A++
Fantastic set. The woman playing Elphaba was spectacular. Her voice was powerful, clear and mesmerizing. The entire cast was wonderful and I especially liked how Oz was magnified. A special show that had more comedy than I was expecting. I would recommend to anyone. One of the better shows I've seen. Love, love, love.
Perfect performance. I've been to the show in San Francisco and I enjoyed BOTH! Must do at least one broadway show if you are visiting NY and Wicked is definately one of the top shows available.
Where do I begin?  Let me start with back-story.  I am a HUGE fan of The Wizard of Oz.  To this day, it is still my FAVORITE movie.  I watch it every time it comes on TV. So, when my bestie decided for my birthday she was going to take me I was so happy. I seen a few shows in my lifetime and Wicked is one of the best.  The singing, comedic timing, and props were out of this world, you see why this show is so successful.  Even if you aren't a die hard WOZ fan, you will love this musical. Being a fan, I kept saying "oh" a lot.  Wicked is like the back-story and faux-explains why some things happened in the movie.  This is a must see either on Broadway or your local theater when it tours. Also, the books of the untold fairytale stories are great too.
One of THE best musicals I've ever seen. True to the book and hysterically funny. The while audience gave a standing ovation at the end. My husband knew nothing about Wicked and still loved it. The cast is incredibly talented. I highly recommend this show.
Excellent!!!! This was my first time going to a Broadway show, and I'm so glad I went. Totally worth the cost of the ticket. Everyone did a great job, but especially G(a)lenda. The ending of both acts were very powerful, and it really makes you view The Wizard of Oz differently. Loved the story, singing, costumes, acting, and set...really was top notch on everything. Tip: don't get an 'adult' beverage
We really loved this performance (don't let the 3 stars kid you).  We had nose-bleed seats and still had a great time. The special effects were good and the music was very well done (we loved Elphaba's voice- one of the best we've heard on Broadway). HOWEVER, it can't quite compare to Les Mis or Phantom because it does not have the redeeming qualities woven through.  I liked how it gave you "The other side side" of Emerald City as viewed through both Glenda the Good and the Wicked Witch of West's eyes.  Brilliant plot really- because who has not seen the Wizard of Oz (no one that would own up to it!!). What I did not agree with was the philosophy they were pushing and that is prob why it didn't get a 4.  Overall a very well done show!
By the end of the Second Act, I was in awe of Elphaba (Carla Stickler). You can find this moment captured by a rogue patron on YouTube. Better yet, just go see the damn play. It's a lot to take in. I can understand why some folks have seen it multiple times. Solid writing, cast, production etc. Great theatre. Hands downs a good time!
Fabulous show! Great acting & singing. Fun story. Awesome production. Helps if you have seen the Wizard of Oz (who hasn't?). Would recommend for kids over 9 but not younger. There are some dark themes and scary moments (if you are a young kid). Must see.
Simply one of the best musicals I have ever seen! The first few minutes I thought were a little pitchy when the cast sings No One Mourns the Wicked but once Elphaba aka the Wicked Witch of the West takes the stage the play really takes off! The story gives you a different background on to Oz and what you thought you knew about the witches, and the characters from the original Wizard of Oz. Not what you expect! The musical was thought provoking, wonderful, funny and heart-breaking all at the same time. My personal favorite songs were Defying Gravity & For Good. I dare you to hear those songs and not get a little teary eyed! Talented cast and it was fun to watch Carol Kane play Madame Morrible! She definitely brought it as the Headmistress with a secret agenda. A definite must see for all ages! FYI: They don't check bags so you can bring in drinks and snacks but if you do don't litter or unwrap noisy wrappers during the show because that's just tacky!
Orchestra seats were perfect. Loved the story (so many twists on what you THOUGHT about the Wizard of Oz), the music and the dance numbers. The Gershwin Theatre was extremely comfortable. Highly recommended.
This was one of the best nights of our New York experience and our first broadway show. The cast is so talented and the story is wonderful in how it weaves the explanations of what happened before Dorothy came.  We purchased directors choice seats and got row A (5th row) It was great to be so close but a little loud so it was hard to hear the words sometimes. As long as you are in the center I don't think it would be bad to be a little further back. This was a really memorable night and we all enjoyed it immensely!
Really liked the show.  Flying monkey's and costumes were great.
Amazing! First time seeing the show and got to see it in NYC at the Gershwin Theatre. First the venue:  very nice theatre, I thought it would be older and not so nice but i was VERY pleasantly surprised. The seats were comfortable and had ample leg room - I'm 5'8 so i notice. Matter of fact, I was the shortest in our party that night; we ranged from 5'8 to 6'5!  So leg room is important. The set design was well done and just scary and creepy enough to keep us looking. The set moved around but not in a distracting way, it added to the show instead of taking away as some do.  They made good use of fog and flashes of light but again, not too much. The singing and acting were FANTASTIC!  Dancing was also good but the voices on these actors was superb.  I was not expecting it to be filled with so much humor and be such a 'smart' play, but it was.  Can't believe I waited this long to see the show and you can bet I'll be back. A must see if you are coming to New York, if you've already seen it just go again. You won't be disappointed. Oh and after the show stop by the Stardust Diner, a small place on a nearby corner that will definitely keep you entertained!
Saw all the reviews & deceided to go & wow we were not disappointed. Between the wonderful sets, costumes, great music, super performers a great storyline. We went to the matinee & there were loads of kids there & did they enjoy it as well, standing ovations at the end. This is a great family experience & one I'd highly recommend!
Wicked will forever be one of my favorite broadway shows. It emcompasses everything that I look for. Great music/vocals, brillant stages/sets, beautiful costumes and of course the acting! I unfortunately did not see this with the original cast... I would have loved to see Idina and Kristin. But nonetheless, the actors at the time were amazing. This show has humor, drama, love, everything! It's great for adults and children alike. I highly recommend seeing this broadway play. Of course its a bit pricey but definitely worth the bang for your buck.You will not regret it.
Rocked our world!  The story is incredible and we all had the benefit of going in not knowing it.  My advice would be to go in that way.  Very powerful story.  My 13 year old was extremely moved and emotionally invested well within the first act.  The cast ...wow... just did an amazing job.  So far my favorite play/musical that I have ever seen.   We all agreed that we would go back again.  It's worth the money to get great seats.  The set design and costumes are also just incredible.
I've seen Wicked a few times in NYC, lots of times in SF and LA, and even in Sacramento.  Every time I see Wicked it's terrific, wonderful, entertaining, fun, and simple one of the best musicals.  The performers change but the quality of the show is always top notch.
A must see for children and adults. Well worth the money.
Great production, great performances, great music.  Expensive, but worth it if you like musicals.
The entire back story of the misunderstood "Wicked Witch" is by far the best story in Broadway!  I love how all the characters of the Wizard of Oz were tied into this story (although they were minor).  A great solid collection of music to go along with it and this made my evening!
Addicted To Wicked Oh My Friggin' Gosh I Am In Love! Wicked is absolutely, positively 100% amazing! After seeing Wicked, I became inspired to take another go at chasing my childhood dreams of becoming a Broadway Star. Until I remembered the reason why I stopped; I have no rhythm (I can't even clap my hands on on beat) and I'm beyond tone deaf (envision screaming cats & nails on a chalkboard at the time). I would happily and willingly see Wicked a million more times if I could! Why I Love Wicked: -Fairly priced for a critically acclaimed and loved Broadway. Approx $90-$155 on average (as of 5/1/13) -A show ANYONE can enjoy! No matter what your age, gender, background, this show will knock your socks off and then some -Ideal For: A girls nigh out, mommy-daughter time and people who have ridiculously good taste in musicals (wink, wink) -The cast and crew are phenomenal -Event Staff is friendly, passionate, attentive and efficient -Storyline is easy to follow. Think of Shrek - kids loves the movie and adults appreciate the overall message and humor young'ens can't yet grasp -Songs that you won't be able to get out of your head / stop singing. As soon as I came home from Wicked I immediately downloaded some of the songs from the show and sang them at the top of my lungs (sorry neighbors, but not sorry)! -Beautiful costumes, props, set, hair and makeup -Concessions are expensive but average for any theater in the area.i.e. $6 for a soda -If you don't like musicals, don't go! Just like, if you don't enjoy basketball, why would you buy a $90 ticket to an NBA game? I personally think anyone would get a kick out of Wicked, but then again I love Musicals in general. Areas of Improvement: Not enough bathrooms (at least for women). Yes, I realize this isn't something that can be easily fixed
Wonderful!
I love Broadway shows, especially musicals, so after all the great reviews I was looking forward to this one.  What a stinker, I know it has been running for 10 years and all of the little teeny bopper girls seem to love it but I don't know what any thinking adult could find to praise about this.  Maybe one thing, the sets and costumes were pretty good.  The music was boring and less than memorable, the acting was amateurish, though a few could sing a bit, and the story was stupid.  I must admit that I could not sit through the whole thing and left in the middle of the second act kicking myself for wasting time and money on such drivel. If you love could music and great theater avoid this hot mess at all cost.
2nd time watching wicked, first time on broadway. It was amazing.recommended to the highest degree.
I watched this show 3 times (twice in NYC and once in London).  I really have nothing to say.  This is one of the rare musicals you just should watch.  You will never be disappointed.  Especially be prepared to be amazed and surprised at the end of the first act (I won't spoil it).
Great acting, great singing, great props, great story! One of the greatest broadway shows out there.
I went to see this recently and it was amazing! This is by far the best show I've ever seen on Broadway ever. This is a must see! I don't know if any other plays will be able to compare to this one. The music was good. The storyline and backstory was well written and without ruining it, the story fit perfectly with the Wizard of Oz like a glove. I normally don't rave about shows other than concerts but I can't reiterate enough how great this was. I will go again. Loved it and you will too...
Saw Wicked @  San Francisco and it was a very very great musical performance.  Phenomenal performances by all cast members especially the one that played Galinda(or Glinda) and Elphaba.  Music was upbeat which the crowd enjoyed.  Wicked is great for all that especially ones that are into Broadway musicals.  Even though the prices for tickets are pretty steep, its worth it!!!!
It was Amazing, great plot, great story, great props, great actors, great singing, great musical, and great environment. I loved the big mechanical head in the show, I got impressed very very badly. This Broadway show is the best ever seen!
This show was fantastic.  The costumes, the set, the music, the dancing, the plot twists, the great story... and seeing it on Broadway- definitely makes for an experience I will never forget.  I love the Wizard of Oz but I have a feeling even if you don't you will like this twist on the story.
This is truly an amazing show. This is my first show and they did an absolutely amazing job. I recommend it to anyone who want to see a show.
Hadn't been to a broadway venue for a while.  It's an incredible  amount of money you spend on going to see silly people dance around and sing silly songs.  Well, let me say that it was oh so much fun.  Aside form the fact that a small bottle of water costs 4 dollars ( and they pump up the heat to dehydrate you), the performance was really entertaining.  It really put together well, and tied in all the story lines.  I did like the stagework and art.  What american can resist a twist on a classic?  Totally feel good show, Can justify the expenditure, even may make it a bi-annual event of dinner and a show!
I saw Wicked a few years ago and never wrote a review on it. Even three years later, this show sticks with me. It is the greatest show, movie, or play I have ever seen. No two ways around it, Wicked is purely amazing. I went into the theater knowing how great it was supposed to be, and Wicked blew me away. The music is written beautifully and each actor/actress does it justice. Their voices fill up the theater and it sounds like a euphonious symphony. The acting was first class--if a human could be green and a witch, I'd think that the Wicked Witch was real. The story Wicked tells is so uplifting, funny, and really sends a message across. It is truly a show anyone from age 10-100 could see and enjoy. The set was gorgeous as well. What else can I say--if you haven't seen it, see it. It is that good. I hope to be able to see it again sometime soon (It is coming to my hometown...yay!).
Wicked takes a fascinating look at the two witches of Oz, and how their relationship changed throughout their lives. The original cast production starred Idina Menzel, Kristin Chenoweth, and Joel Grey, amongst other Tony award winning actors.  This cast was phenomenal as they truly gave each of their characters heart and soul.  The production value was stellar.  Idina Menzel didn't just take a character from a beloved story and mimic the role, she took a character and made Elphaba a real person.  She made Elphaba a person who anyone could relate to.  She brought a kind, genuine soul-like quality to her.  There was a vulnerability to the Wicked Witch of the West that audiences have never experienced before.  She won the Tony for a reason - not only does she belt those songs out like a cool rocker chick, but she acts her ass off in this role by providing the audience with a recreation of an iconic character, and a character that defines so many of us who feel different, out of place, and wanting to be loved and accepted by others around us.  Kristin Chenoweth's Glinda showcases Kristin's strength.  Her perky, upbeat personality gives Glinda the kind of personality she needs.  Kristin doesn't overact, she doesn't over do the fun, blonde personality Glinda has, as so many other actresses have done since taking on the role. However, throughout the years, cast changes, and scene rewrites, I feel that Wicked has lost some of it's luster.  The talented actors and actresses that fill that stage night every night are still great, but the rewrites took away some of the nuance that the show originally had.  A few rewrites between the score and the script took away the subtleness of characters evolving.  For example, when Elphaba puts on the cape, stands there right before flying high, there used to be no drum roll, at least not as pronounced as the one now.  When Elphaba encountered the Wizard in Act 2, she had a longer speech about how she will never be anything like him, she wants nothing to do with him, and she will fight him until the day she dies.  Those lines, for me, supported her claim of defying gravity.  However, through rewrites, they took away some of that and therefore the intensity decreased. Some of the actors, since the original production have added greatness to the role.  For example, Aaron Tveit, who was recently in Catch Me If You Can on Broadway, was a brilliant Fiyero.  He brought the calm, coolness, and laid-back personality that was needed for this role.  Not only was the personality on point, but his singing showed to be one of the, if not the strongest, Fiyero's I've seen.  Along with his dancing, he truley brought this character the vibe it needed. I will still say that this show is a must see for all theater goers.  It is definitely one of the most top-notch shows there are today on Broadway.  The music is amazing, and the script still holds its own.  Defying Gravity is an unforgettable iconic moment, not just within the show, but within Broadway history.  It has a great theme, valuable lessons, and leaves you feeling, WOW THIS IS WAS MUSICAL THEATER IS ABOUT. Go and enjoy - because if you don't, you need a kick in the butt!
Still wowing us after all these years......the ovation is enough to shake the theater.....a truly wonderful show.......
Easily one of the top 3 shows I've ever seen. This one will go down in history as one of the best shows ever to hit broadway. A fantastic story taken from the perspective of the witch. Imagine taking a villain in any story and learning how they became bad. You could pretty much do it for any story and they do it well here. It's not too dark so it's good for the entire family. However mature audiences, especially those who grew up on Oz, will definitely appreciate it more. I unfortunately did not get to see it with Kristen Chenowith but I can't imagine it being that much better. If you're a fan of broadway you must see this.
This show took my breath away! I absolutely loved it and would highly, highly recommend seeing it.  The set is fantastic and the two actresses who portray Glinda and Elphaba are incredible singers.  I love the story of the Wizerd of Oz and this really puts an interesting twist on it.  The characters meld perfectly with the story you already have in your mind and if you aren't familiar with the Wizard of Oz, no biggie, you'll still love the show!  Go see it now!
Big fan. Read the book and the whole 9. Great performance, so much energy, fun, excitement.
Lion and Tinman & Scarecrow, Oh my..  Forget them, this is Wicked! There's no place like home.... Long before Dorothy dropped in, two friends, one lovely and good and one ugly who has this green skin condition, owned OZ! This is a must see and one of my top two all time favorites.  Playing nationwide, worldwide and On Tour. The Yellow Brick Road, not taken... Wicked good! This is a must see!
Wicked was wicked cool!  I loved the show.  I went on a day when Jennifer DiNoia was on playing Elphaba.  And I'm convinced she has the best vocals for this character.  See for yourself.  She has an amazing voice which carries through
Can't go wrong with a classic broadway show! I realized that I have seen Wicked 3 times, one in LA one in San Diego and recently in NY. New York was by far the best performance I have seen of Wicked. Since the Gershwin theatre is always there the stage is set magnificently. The monkeys actually fly over the audience. The orchestra sound was done very well and you could hear all the details of every note. The lightening of the show is such an amazing scene to watch. Anyone that has seen Wicked knows that the stage has great lighting. Best singers by far! Now I know to watch all my shows in NY. Great props and costumes as well. The only thing is that the theatre only has about 8 stalls in the women restroom so it does make for a long wait during intermission. It's nice they let you bring in your own food and beverages or you can purchase them there for a hefty price.
Absolutely amazing! Such a talented cast. Amazing sets. Five stars is not enough, in my opinion!
Dragged here by my wife...literally. I was pulled down the street by her (she is shockingly strong...kind of surprised that she could pull me up the subway steps). Anyways it really was a great show. I hate musicals, my motto has always been, "if you have something to say...just say it...dont sing it." The costumes were incredible, the lighting effects were brilliant and I had 2nd row, so it was a great view. Honestly though this place is small and no matter where you sit the view will be good. Check it out, even the biggest negative nelly towards Broadway will like it.
omigosh!!! super fabuu. think elle wood's energy & closet....pop culture jokes from will & grace, and the magic/darkness of harry potter all rolled into one. so many beautiful tunes from both glenda & elphaba. phenomnal voices. this is really upbeat, like "bring it on" upbeat, so you are warned...if you are emo, put down those razorblades, cuz this maybe what you need!
What can you say? Well worth the money, excellent show, great cast and great story. Second time I saw it and it gets better each time.
awesome show! since i lived nearby i was determined to win the lottery tickets.  just show up 2 hours before showtime and drop your name into the lottery box and then wait for the drawing.  if the show is at 8pm for example, they say the lottery is from 5:30-6pm.  but you really dont have to be there until 5:59pm.  it takes one second to write your name down and drop it in the box.  then the drawing is at 6pm.  if you win, make sure you have a picture ID and cash...the tickets were $25 each i believe.   it took me about 10 tries before i won tickets, but the lucky winners get seated front row within the "get wet" range.  you could literally see the spit from the actors mouths.  the show was amazing with great performances by all.  it really made me think back on the wizard of oz.
Wicked is everything I was told it would be and much more! Seriously, I've been wanting to see this show forever, but it was hard to get tickets before.  I think recession helped, and plus the fact that a friend from out of town actually took me! Haha! Yeah I know I know, I should've been the host! Haha, go figure... anyway I digress.... The storyline itself was so creative and fantastic to look through the eyes of the evil witch and her life's journey. The cast was phenomenal, and seriously this was the funniest show I've seen, I mean I was cracking up, as was most of the audience too. I think anyone would appreciate this show, so if you are able to definitely check out Wicked! Enjoy!
I got lucky cause my boyfriend bought me fourth row center stage tickets for me for Christmas!!  I got to see this last night & loved it all.  If you liked the, book, was a Wizard of Oz fan as a kid, or generally a musical lover you will lie this show.
I am so sorry, but I am going to be hated for this review. This show is not amazing theatre. It's big budget theatre. Music is catchy, but if you're a serious theatregoer, you'll know how hated this show is by many of us. It's great for kids - gets them to love and be wowed by theatre at a young age. But I would not take anyone to this show unless they were a child, and that would be creepy to do. It will run for a long long time though, sells out every week. So don't be in a rush to see this show and head a bit more south for some serious theatre.
Best musical I've seen so far.  It's truly amazing what talent these people have and what they create with it.  If you haven't seen this musical.  It is a MUST on the list to see..  You won't regret it.
THANK YOU to the random cast member that decided to grace my bestie and I with two orchestra level seats for the matinee.*   The show is incredible, but much different than the book (it always seems to work out that way, doesn't it?).   An absolute must see! *We we're waiting for the lottery hoping it was our lucky day.  Apparently we were even luckier than we thought!  A member of the cast just walked up, asked if we were waiting for the lottery and then handed us two tickets.  Unreal.
EXCELLENT. As good as Broadway is, this is better. Ive seen it 9 times and counting. I cant wait to see it again!! No one should miss this show.
Great show.  The first act in my opinion was better then the second act, but wow, the actors and actresses were phenomena.  The voices were great, and the set was good too.  Go see it.
The bad witch Elbaba{sp?} took it away. Great voice and held notes beautifully.. The set design, costumes and plot were so awesome. In the three days I was in NYC it was my favorite.
Wicked was amazing... but you really need to get a good seat.  I was in the rear mezz... and it made it hard to get into it because I was looking down at the top of their heads.  If I had been close enough to at least see the emotion on their faces, I'm sure I would have enjoyed it a lot more. The story was great... the singing was great... I loved it :)
AWESOME! My partner bought me Wicked tickets for Christmas last year so we had a mini vacay to NYC. While we discovered we are Southerners at heart, and didn't care for NYC, we loved the show! Very hard to get around in NY and we were just lost there. We had no clue $60 for a cab is normal! Anywho, the show was AMAZING and we had great seats. The performers are very talented and the show was done really well.
My boyfriend got us these great orchestra seats for our six month anniversary. Wicked is one of those MUST WATCH shows on Broadway.  The lines are witty and the cast is so talented. The costumes were beautiful. Wicked is the Broadway show that made me fall in love with plays. I can't wait to go watch it again. By the way, if you're looking for a good Broadway dinner around the area, try Jewel of India. It's the amazing way to end a great night.
This show is great, and I hate musicals. If you are in New York and you want to see a musical, this show is great.  The Gershwin theater is great and any seat will provide you a great view.  If you have to sit in the Balcony its no problem, I think you get a better view. Of course try to sit in the center.  However, tickets to this show can be expensive and is sold out ahead of time.  Definitely try to catch this show away from holidays or spring break as this drives up the cost like crazy.  Great show, great singers, great fun, and a great introduction to Broadway!
Wow, what a play!  The actors and supporting cast members were superb!  They didn't miss a beat with their singing or their lines.  Glinda was very entertaining,.  She consistently made us laugh. . with her antics, expressions, and her delivery was great.  They ALL were fantastic!  I was afraid it might have been "girly" for my husband, but he enjoyed it tremendously!  Had great seats buying then on line through Ticketmaster.  They give you an option for insurance just in case you can't make it for a good reason.  The theater was very comfortable and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. A decent amount of leg room for the taller people (like my husband). You should not miss this play!
If your wife needs you to see a show, this one is a decent choice.
Cute and fun.   This show was about the witches of the original "Wizard of Oz"  with twists and some funny moments mixed in as well.  The scenery was INCREDIBLE.  The costumes fabulous.  The characters were excellent actors and singers.   You can definitely bring your kiddos.  The songs and story-line may be a bit complex for young children to understand- but there is a witch painted green (yes, PAINTED (I asked)) who flies.. sooo.... the visuals will keep them riveted.   We paid for the backstage tour too.  Meh.  A bit pricy for approximately 15 minutes   You can feel good about donating to whatever charity, but the tour itself is not worth it.  We stood on the stage for a minute.  Saw some props and dressing rooms.  I'm not sure what I expected.  Maybe meeting the actors or something would have made it better..
If you are looking for amazing singing and talent this is the show to go to.  I give it four stars simply because I am not a fan of the story line.  I went and saw this with my highschool when we were in New York for a concert.  It was a fun show and the vocals were incredible.  A must see for anyone looking at broadway.
It's a very special witch story beacuse it's different from the wizard of OZ. My friends told me it's hard to get the tickets so I decided to try the lottery. One of my Japanese girlfriends and I went to the theater around 5:20pm almost every Friday. We went there 5 or 6 times. Finally, I won the lottery so we spent only 25 dollars for each ticket and got the seats at 1st row. I was very happy when I heard my name. Unfortunately, I forgot to bring my glasses with me. I tried very hard to watch the show without it. I'm sure I'll go back to watch it  with my VERY important NERDY glasses. PS. They announce the winners at 6pm. If you didn't win the lottery, you could go to "Spelling Bee" next to Wicked. Spelling Bee starts the lottery after 6pm. Compare to Wicked, Spelling Bee lottery is much easier to win. It's a very funny musical. If you just wanna save money to watch a show and don't care about if it is famous, Spelling Bee is a good choice.
The most amazing broadway play I have ever seen.  I am so blown away... i loved every minute of it!
Without spoiling it, this is one of those plays that's worth spending some extra money on. Don't skimp and get cheap seats, but that really depends on your financial situation I guess. My girlfriend, who I love very much (wink), got these great seats and it was definitely more enjoyable than when I got us tickets for Lion King. Lion King was another one of those great plays worth spending money on, but I got us tickets from Broadway week and we were high up with the... [in whisper] immigrants. This time we were highfalutin' with the round-eyes.
This was the best show Ive seen in years! love it. highly recommend
A MUST-SEE!! This has got to be the best musical I've seen so far! Loved every second of it! I got tickets from Broadway's 2-for-1 special. Paid around $100pp for orchestra seats. The storyline was interesting, the songs were great, and it was just VERY entertaining!!! The performers were amazing! GO SEE IT NOW!
Wicked is more than one might expect. Everything is so immaculate: the costumes, the set, the actors and their songs. A play must be good when you can't get the show tunes out of your head, and Wicked music was stuck with me for awhile. Needless to say this show is lighthearted, funny and magical. Even though a story about witches in the Wizard of Oz might sound lame this show was so incredibly written that it goes beyond any assumptions.
The best Broadway show, hands down, that I've seen. I had unbelievable seats (3rd row!) and could literally see every costume in extreme detail.  The fantastical sets, great message, amazing incorporation of little details in the storyline that all seem to come together so perfectly, memorable characters and unbelievable songs truly set this musical apart from any of the other many many Broadway shows I have seen.  Wicked will always hold a special place in my heart.   Immediately after I saw the show, I got the CD and even though I have listened to it on repeat many a time in the past two years, know every word to every song, and have seen many performances of the show, I wouldn't hesitate for a second to go see it again.
AMAZING!!! I took my mother for her birthday. It was fantastic.  From the music to the costumes, it was the best show I have seen on Broadway. Definitely worth the money.
This theater connoisseur and her theater-virgin boyfriend went to see Wicked (a good start for him, having read the book). What a fantastic show!  No wonder it has gotten so much acclaim! The set design magically transported me to Oz. Elphalba and Glinda both gave shining performances-- who would have thought that one might feel compassion for the wicked witch, and spite for the good witch!   The story is so wonderful (talk about relevance to the phenomenon of kid's internalizing school bullying) and really humanizes the characters. The man loved it too. He even made a commitment to see more theater with me! (Bonus: great seats through stub-hub.)
To quote another reviewer who expressed my feelings perfectly " I was honestly a bit underwhelmed with Wicked".  The $175 price tag was not worth the viewing of this musical.  It was interesting and fun but I was not astounded by any means.  I would suggest seeing it but not paying more than $100 to do so.
Great musical! Funny songs, great story. My SO and I now go around screaming into pillows when we get really excited. We are also naming our next kitties Elphie and Ga-linda. Best part was winning the lottery on a cold Sunday morning and getting 2 front row tickets for $26 each.
A great play and spinoff of the original wizard of oz. The storyline, actors and production value were top notch. If you haven't watched the classic wizard of oz, you'll have a great time. If you have watched the movie, you'll have an even greater time. Definitely my favorite broadway show up to date.
Maybe I was expecting too much from all the rave. While singing & acting was undoubtedly great, I just felt like there was 2% missing from making it a top-notch production. Act 1 felt a bit slow--Act 2 was comparatively more exciting. Our seats were great though--$120 for orchestra.
Just saw it in NY and had a great time. The plot of the show is kinda meh, but the costuming and sets and dancing and such were awesome. It's a show you need to get tickets months in advance because tons of other tourists want to see it really bad. The talent was really fresh and young and made you think about all the work they put in - especially when you see an understudy perform a lead for the first time. First rate show that is good for tourists or people 8 or older (there are parts you could classify as "scary").
I have watched Lion King, Phantom and Mary Poppins - this was hands down the best I've seen so far! From the acting and singing talent, to the costumes and sets, every aspect amazed!
One of the most fun experiences I've ever had!  Wicked is so light-hearted and exciting.  Katie Rose Clarke as Glinda is flipping hilarious.  "Toss Toss :::shimmies:::"  -"  that's Linda with a G."  I highly recommend this Broadway show to anyone and everyone.   For those of you lucky enough to experience this wonderful delight I hope you have as much fun as I did.  I found myself smiling for hours even after the show. "Toss toss!"
I have seen this musical 3 times! I designed their official US flash website (graphical not functionally), so I had the exclusive chance to see them up close and personal. Thank you Serino Coyne! BTW, that would be wickedthemusical.com, not wicked. com cuz the later is a porn site...*warning* All the musics in Wicked are catchy, and I "legally" downloaded the album right after the show. I so fell in love with the bubbly Glinda...or "Ga-linda", and the beautiful voice of Elphaba. The sets were beautiful, and the asymmetric designed costumes were breath taking. Wicked is good for male, female, young, and old!
Hands down! The best Broadway show I've seen. Covers everything from happiness, sadness, romance and more. I guarantee this will take you on an emotional roller coaster. "Defying Gravity" is awe-inspiring! Amazing vocals across the board.
For years I said this show was cheap entertainment that was killing legitimate Broadway theater... ...and then my friend gave me a free ticket. I ended up having a blast and thought it was pretty fantastic. I recommend everyone see it at least once.
You'll thoroughly enjoy it- read the book first and you'll totally love it!
Loved it, although I felt the book was better. There was a minor difference between the book and Broadway, but other than that it followed the book to the dot. Who knew there was so much drama between the Wicked Witch of the West (Elphaba) and the Good Witch of the North (Galinda)? It's a light musical (not as light as Avenue Q) so be in the mood for a world of fantasy and magic!
This show is my fav of all times......must see if your ever in NYC.
Absolutely one of my favorite shows on Broadway!! The music is great, the story line is engaging. I wasn't bored for one second. It was interesting to see how all of the things from the Wizard of Oz had come together in this play & you sit & say to yourself "oh so that's how that happened." Very interesting & I would see this show again in a heart beat. Tickets are a bit pricey but for very good reason. The lead actress in this show gets a standing ovation every time. She is very well known & very good at the part of the wicked witch. The song "Because I Knew You" is one of my favorites.
One of the best broadway. Actually it's my number one favorite right now!
I've been listening to the "Wicked" soundtrack before I was even in middle school. I love it was a passion. Walking around New York at night is quite fun and this place is within walking distance from a lot of fun shops, restaurants, and hotels. It's really bright and decorated with "Wicked" stuff from the moment you walk in. The staff was really friendly and helped me find my seats, it gets pretty confusing. They're there to help though. The seats were really comfy. My ticket was a hundred dollars and I had nearly perfect seats. Sigh, so worth it. The music was loud, the actors were great, and the musical made me cry. They use a lot of different tech stuff; lights, shadows, puppets, smoke, etc. Little things I noticed while I was watching. Intermission is pretty long. There's a booth to buy merchandise. I bought their sweater for $65. Unacceptable anywhere else, but I was in New York and this was "Wicked." I think that justifies my splurging. There's lots of shirts, towels, and different things to choose. They're kinda expensive, but if you love this musical, you have got to have it. It's worth the price, confusion of which seat is yours, and the three hour long sitting. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
3.5 stars really... a little bleh... a little meh....
My current favorite musical after having watched it last week (and I've watched many). We had really good seats in the orchestra section, 6 rows from the stage, but Gershwin Theatre is pretty small so I figure that even the seats in the back will provide you with a decent view. The music was really good, my favorite was "Defying Gravity". Kerry Ellis was the perfect Elphaba! She played the part wonderfully and believably, and it didn't hurt that she had an AMAZING voice. It was so powerful, but she made it seem so easy. I thought the story was really well-written and clever, especially how it so neatly ties everything together, including the story of The Wizard of Oz. I'd love to go watch it again sometime.
Amazing show! Must see!
As entertaining as Chicago. I had no idea what to expect when the show started and as much as I wanted to be a hater when I heard it was a spin off of the Wizard of Oz, I was absolutely blown away. My favorite thing was the irony of the songs. For example, the arrangement and tone of one song screamed "love song" but the words were actually about loathing. Also, every detail is so thoughtfully intertwined with the original Wizard of Oz, it just fits perfectly. And this is not at all just for kids! The underlying commentary on political spin is quite apparent and had all of the adults rolling. Wow the set! Wow the costumes! Wow the singing! When I think of what makes Broadway special, I think of a show like this.
Ive always wanted to see this & finally got a chance to. It was an amazing show with an amazing cast! Definetly worth watching more than once (:
Of all of my fav musicals, this is in the top 2, next to Rent (which I've seen 6 times) Best musical this side of the tracks (whatever that means).  It was my 4th time seeing it and my friend's 1st.  She isn't a huge musical fan, but I bought her ticket, so there was no reason for her not to go.  She wasn't quite sure what to expect and I only gave her the background of the show and not the synopsis.  We both came out of the Gershwin tossing our hair *toss toss* and humming along to "For Good".   I've seen Wicked in San Diego, San Francisco, LA and now Broadway.  All of these venues are large enough to house the full set, thus the differences all came down to the actors.  To my surprise, the gal who was Glinda in SF made it to Broadway and was Glinda the night I went.  In SF her Elphaba was a little on the weak side, vocally, but Kerry Ellis (Elphaba on Broadway) held her own and gave Kendra Kassenbaum a run for her money.  The only actor I was a little disappointed with was Fieyro.  He could've been stronger vocally, thus not being drowned out by either of the girls during their duets.  But he was a good dancer, so I guess the casting director had dance above singing when it came to his role.  He did have to 'dance through life", after all.   Our seats were in the orchestra right, so we missed some of the things happening on stage left, but that's OK for me since I knew what was going on, but I felt bad for my friend who didn't get the whole experience.  I got the tickets a good 4 months ahead of time, but didn't want to spend the $300 for the premium VIP tickets.  One day I'll get to that point and will happily drop that kind of cash for a perfect seat.
One of the best evah! Best money we have spent in a long time. You should see Wicked.
This show deserves one star.  But, since I almost never trek below three stars, I thought I'd hold back. Terrible.  I mean, really bad.  The producers have managed to take so much potential, and flush it.  How can anyone manage to turn the Wicked Witch of the West, one of cinema's great villians (the play is based on the movie, not the books), into a collosal bore?  I would have thought it theatrically impossible.  Apparently I was wrong.  What do you expect when the premise of the show is based upon Glinda and her recollections.  At least Glinda is funny.  There is not one interesting male character in the entire episode.  The men who do populate this staged hell are variously cuckolded; their hearts ripped out; or otherwise maligned.  The exception is Fiero, the amazingly cardboard figure of masculinity.   The story is not only a total bore, but the imbedded themes are annoying.  The obvious nod to the holocaust was totally unnecessary.  So were the oblique references to lesbianism.  The whole "girl power" theme could have been trashed as well.  I'd rather see a well created but offensive production, than the appropriately politically correct garbage that littered this production. This is a freakin' musical.  But, as I sit here I could not hum one of the tunes.  The songs were terrible.  It's pretty bad when one waits for the dialogue to return in a musical. My 10 year old was so bored at one point, he was literally looking around the theatre trying to find something entertaining.
I had desperately low expectations for the show.  We were seeing it during a matinee in May, 2007, and I just knew that some big Broadway hit would be a letdown in person.  No such luck.  Everyone but the wizard and the school madam were striking vocalists.  Not that there weren't lackluster moments, there were.  The chorus undulated from energetic and inspired to bland and pedestrian depending on how much energy they might have at the moment.   Overall, it was a great production with real theater commanding performances by the two lead actresses.
Amazing!  Witty, love the way it is a play ties into the story we all grew up with. The talent was fabulous, voices with incredible strength and range. The character of Glinda stole the show!  She was funny and quirky and clearly made the role her own. The lead of Elphaba had a powerful voice and her solos were stunning. Would love to see it again!
One of the best play's I've seen yet.  The vocals are amazing and the story line is something you would never expect after seeing the Wizard of Oz.  Worth every penny.
I would like to stress something: this show did NOT receive good reviews when it first opened; it was almost universally panned by critics. It also did not win the Tony Award for Best Musical. And for good reason: it's not a good musical. Whether or not you find it entertaining is one thing, but as a piece of musical theater, it's garbage. The music is, in my opinion, pretty awful. The songs- mostly the green witch's- are over-belted to the point of being shrieky (I felt like I was being yelled at the entire time). It's a primarily pop score, but not nearly on the same level of quality as other pop scores like Les Miserables or even some of Andrew Lloyd Webber's work. The lyrics range from amusingly clever ("Popular") to stupid and cliche ("I'm Not That Girl", "Dancing Through Life"). The humor primarily consists of snappy one-liners, some of which are cringe-worthy ("wands, do they need a point?" hardy har har). I'm sure you'll get some laughs. However, I expect more from a drama than laughs. That's not satisfying to me, especially when everything else is pretty bland. The story is poorly written. Their friendship is not well-developed; they sing about how they're best friends and how they've, supposedly, been "changed for the better", but we never see it. They bond over two or three scenes, and that's it. The rest of the drama is based on a horrible love triangle. If the friendship is suppose to be the heart of the show, and it's not developed well, the show ultimately has failed. Also, I didn't find the "twists" particularly clever. It felt like most of them were cop-outs:"that didn't happen, this happened!", when they should've been more cleverly woven in to the original story of the Wizard of Oz. In fact, some of them are total plot holes. But I won't spoil anything..... What can I say? You'll probably go see it because everyone's seeing it. Sometimes it's good to experience certain shows once, just for the cultural aspect. But don't expect a theatrical masterpiece. I wouldn't spend a ton of money on this.
The plot and the dialog were both extremely clever, as were the lyrics to the songs. But the music itself was generic, a problem that has plagued nearly every Broadway musical I have ever seen. Broadway musicals used to be the launch pad for much of the nation's popular music. Think of a song Sinatra sang and it was almost certainly written for the stage. They were compelling songs that you hummed on the way out of the theater and kept on humming for weeks. But when I left Wicked, I found myself unable to remember any song except the finale. Why does so little great music originate on Broadway? I'd guess that financial incentives have changed. If Irving Berlin were born today, he'd probably sing his own songs for the radio rather than signing them away to producers. The Gershwin brothers would probably be like the Jonas Brothers. None of that is a swipe against Wicked. It's as good a musical as I've seen in years. It's also staged in a reasonably modern theater so the seats are large enough for modern audiences. (Many of the theaters were building around WWI, when people were far smaller, and they're wildly uncomfortable.) But I don't really see how anyone could choose to see this over 10 trips to the movies.
Had to see a classic Broadway Show, 5th row bottom level from the stage will certainly add to the experience. One of our favorite plays as a whole, complete awesomeness with music, story and acting. Could see this show over and over
This is my first Broadway musical, so I may not be the best person to submit a review.  That being said, this was the most amazing thing I have ever seen, and I cannot wait to see it again.   This was a family trip, and everyone in the family loved it, including my 10 year old daughter who does not like anything!
I saw Wicked almost two years ago and it was an amazing experience. It was my second Broadway show and I loved it! I had some clue as to what the musical would be about but I figure that it would be kinda nice to just be surprised and not have any expectations. That was probably the best thing I did b/c I am out of the show in awe. The music and actors and the costumes, everything made for such an awesome show. I HIGHLY recommend it for anyone and everyone. Seeing it in NYC was a topper even though it was pouring the night of the show.
I guess my rating is 4.5 not 5. I was expecting it to be scary as I was told it is only appropriate 8 and up.  Yes, there were some parts which were " scary", it was not so bad.   I like the story line and I really liked the progression of Glinda, who was shallow at first.  I really liked the voices of all the cast.   However, the character development could be a bit better, I think... Overall, the story was interesting and moving. Definitely one of the highly recommended shows at Broadway.
Ok maybe I can't call myself a theatre snob for enjoying this show so much (not that I ever wanted to), but it is an amazing show. The costumes are great, the set is incredible, and the casting is superb. I haven't heard such amazing voices in a long time. And on top of that it is a longer show; you definitely get your money's worth. So I guess for all of you traditional theatre die hards who think you won't enjoy this, go in pretending that you are going to a live movie. I don't want to give away anything, but obviously being a prequel to the Wizard of Oz the stories had to meet up at the end of Wicked. I think the playwright did an incredible job of bringing them together in a very ingenious and touching way. The story has heart and definitely changed the way I see Wizard of Oz. I think a pre-show dinner and Wicked would make a great date night for almost any couple.
Excellent!! Saw it on 8/10/11... Elfaba was good, the only thing I will say is it seemed a little overacted.. the singing was EXCELLENT! Loved it and I would definetly see it again. I will say  ticket prices (no matter way you sit) are way too much, especially in this economy.
Wicked is a fabulous show - lots of fun and will definitely appeal to everyone in your party. The plot is intriguing and ties in a lot of fun touches from the original Wizard of Oz story. Favorite songs include the hilarious and energetic "Popular" and the powerful "Defying Gravity". The Gershwin theater on Broadway is a great setting for this show and the set is absolutely fantastic and so detailed! It's made to look like a giant clock, complete with cogs and a huge, red - eyed dragon on top. I originally saw Wicked in LA with Megan Hilty and Eden Espinosa as Glinda and Elpheba, respectively. I thought the show there was fabulous, and Megan really added special and hilarious touches to Glinda. With that as a comparison, I have to say the NYC experience wasn't quite up to par. I thought the set and costumes in New York were definitely better; the show as a whole is amazing to experience and very powerful. I thought that the singing was a little lacking though- I really wanted to see them belt it out! However, I still highly recommend this show - its such a sharp script and the vast majority of the musical numbers dazzle!
Tip: if you are willing to gamble, do the ticket lottery! My husband and I won and got two front row tickets for $26 each. It was pretty incredible. I've seen the show twice in LA and this was by far my favorite experience. Thanks Wicked!
Fantastic! Actors were phenomenal and so committed to the roles, songs were addicting ( I wanna be pop-U-lar), the story is beautifully written and the whole experience was just amazing! The whole cast captivates you with their voices, the wit and the message behind the play. The whole play will take you to a land of whimsy, magic, friendship, a share of love and heartbreaks. They would engage you in the story so much that it would bring you to tears when the heart of the story is happening. Def worth your money.
Great show!  I loved looking at the story line in one of my favorite movies from a different perspective, and the cast, staging, music were all wonderful.  Glad to see that it condensed the boring part of the book into a nice, well-wrapped, happy ending, too.
I LOVED IT!!!  By far the best musical I've ever seen (and I like most shows that I watch...) I came here a couple of weeks ago and sat orchestra seats for $100/each, but it was definitely worth it!!.  I loved the storyline & the actors were AMAZING.   And I have a huge crush on Aaron Tveit (Fiyero)...Sigh
I really enjoyed this and I am not a huge fan of performing arts. My only complaint was it was just a little to long. The last 30 minutes were a little hard but all in all, it was very fun. ALL of the performers were fantastic. I will say I was extremely disappointed in the amount of poorly dressed people. I realize times are changing but I've seen better dress at the movie theatre on Friday night. I wish 'class' would come back in style.
This is the best Broadway show I've ever seen to date.  Nevermind lucking out with $26.25 circa Rush tickets in the front row Orchestra.  The costumes, the comedy, the singing that you can "get" and understand especially for an uncultured barbarian like me, and the stage work is all top-notch.  Rush tickets or not, go see it!  Totally worth an anniversay present or something.
Saw Wicked on Broadway Tues night with a friend, the play was fantastic!! The best musical I've ever seen. Great original story great acting and singing. Burn the Floor was the best dance ever on Broadway. I loved the Wicked Witch of the West character- she is totally loveable. Could see perfectly even tho seats were near the back orchestra. Even my friend's young son who is short and small had no problem seeing and he loved the play as well. Highly recommended for everyone to go see!
This is one of my most favorite shows on broadway! It was original and fabulous! The music was great.. and cast was amazing. Elphaba did an amazing job even with her green skin! And Glinda was so great that it was so easy to hate her at some points! I would recommend this show to everyone. And you don't even have to have seen The Wizard of Oz to understand the story!
For years I have been certain that this would do nothing but ruin The Wizard of Oz for me, but quite the contrary--it was better than I could have dreamt! The storyline improved the original Wizard of Oz for me--Wicked is the perfect complement to the story. I just can't say enough good things about it because it not only makes you laugh and plays to every emotion from happiness to sadness to fear, it appeals to anyone's life experiences in some way. Highly recommended!
Witty, funny, cute. Not sure what I can add to the over 100 reviews already made, but I fell in love with the characters themselves. Glenda is a mix between between Olivia Newton John in Grease and Mary Catherine Gallagher from SNL. Elphie has this amazing way of making her the underdog in this sympathetic role. Great show. Did not fidget once during the 2 hours and 45 minutes. Only complaint is that the bathroom line was too long during intermission. Got to sip wine from a sippy cup.....classy.
The best Broadway show ever!!!!!!! and there is many reason why it's the number one Broadway show of all time. i ave dozens of Broadway show and don't take a second thought of find better. Great story, Funny, great for all ages. Pure Genius!! no other way to describe the show.
A lovely production that was well acted and sung.  I've been to shows where you could tell the cast was just mailing it in.  This cast clearly cared about delivering a top notch performance and it showed..
Loved the way it gives you some insight on some of the characters of Oz, but first half was a bore.  Songs started to sound the same.  Second half was better.  The sweet young girls seemed to enjoy it more than us.
One word - AMAZING! I'd yet to see a Broadway play again since my move into the city. Might as well do it in style, right? I'd held out since we all know these tickets don't come cheap, but when a friend who wanted to go came into town I figured what the heck. We opted for seats in the lower mezzanine. I'm sure a bit further up would still be okay, but I was glad that was where we were as it afforded a good opportunity to see the whole stage at just the right height. I did not know a whole lot about the story line coming in, and I just loved it. The costuming and stage design was phenomenal. And Stephanie Block's voice (currently starring in the role of Elphaba) was fantastic. I'm so pleased to have had the opportunity to see the show with her in this role. She was the one who originally was in this role when the show was workshopped pre-Broadway. The role of Glinda (Gahhhh-linda - haha) cracked me up. One of my favorite songs was definitely "Popular". She truly added the comic relief to the musical. I would definitely recommend reaching into your pocket and taking advantage of the opportunity to see this current cast. Outstanding.
Fantastic show! I am not a big theater person and got these tickets as a surprise for my wife. I have to admit though that I was thoroughly entertained and would go see this show again. The set was unbelievable, along with the costumes, acting, signing, and the story was very entertaining. A great alternate view of The Wizard of OZ. Men- if you are looking for show to take your significant other to, go see this one. You will enjoy it. Women- Do not feel bad if you are dragging your significant other to see this. They will enjoy it.
LOVED LOVED LOVED this!!!...just go see it...seriously I am assuming we all know and love the movie wizard of Oz, if you havent seen, watch that ...then come see this, you will really enjoy it...great costumes, cast, voices...the soundtrack is wonderful!.
Very disappointed!  The talent was excellent, but, the story, which I thought would rival The Wizard of Oz, was ridiculous and boring.The solos are long and boring.  You will NOT find anything catchy about the tunes or find yourself singing them down the yellow brick road.
It was a god show, but i expected more. I feel like it's a little over hyped. What really bothered me though was the sound. I could not hear the main voices for the life of me and i was sitting center. That really bothered me. The second half was a lot better as the first was very slow moving. Overall enjoyable but i expected a lot more.
See this show. Again and again and again. It is the most magical, entertaining, and breathtaking Broadway show I've seen to date - worth every penny, every time.
I've seen Wicked 3 times now, and have loved every single time... The first time was in Chicago, and the other times on Broadway.  Even though the play deviates from the book, it still captures the essences of how the truth like beauty is in the eyes of its beholder... And I'm happy it does, because if it didn't, I don't think this would be as positive as it is. The songs and music are fantastic and very catchy especially Defying Gravity... Love it, can't get enough of this Broadway masterpiece!!! FYI, you don't want to miss a minuet, there's always something happening on the stage and or on the pillions... (monkeys)
got my tickets during broadway week thus it was 50% so woohoo to that! anyway yeah the performance was a slow burner, first 15 minutes of introduction was a bit ho hum but soon after it was pure musical joy (aaaahhh!!! ermmm maybe not haha.. but you know what i mean~) seriously it was THAT good! just a small tip, my seat was at the last row of orchestra (ZZ) and i couldn't see the whole stage (flapping dragon), it's not important i guess but given the choice i would prefer front mezzanine where you get to see everything everything. it's a matter of preference though, i still enjoyed the show LOTS regardless! hmmmm i might fly back for more with my broom *swoosh swoosh* :D
This was my first Broadway Musical in New York and WOW. It was a great way to jump start not only my love but now my boyfriend's love and appreciation for musicals. I'm sure you don't need to hear the plot and what not but it is definitely a must see. Defying Gravity was absolutely stunning in person! And I still walk around with my boyfriend going, "toss! toss!" *shimmy*
Love this show.  We have seen it twice now and it seems different  each time.  I would recommend this to all.  It's perfect for all ages and genders.
AMAZING!!!! This has to be the best birthday present ever!! The music was incredible, the vocals gave me goosebumps. the monkeys were flying over my head, the ending made me cry, and the cast made me order tickets again!! I will return with my mom! This show can't & shouldn't be missed!
Thrillifying You must see Wicked!  Great show for anyone, anytime, anywhere.
We have seen Wicked five times, twice in NYC, and once with the original cast. It is a phenomenal must see and is strong no matter what the cast is. The songs are great, dancing is great, costumes are great. The story is clever, funny, compelling, and thought-provoking. Finally, Elphaba the 'Wicked' Witch is hot - even in green. Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth are extremely talented and I hope they have continued success. The first time we saw it we were lucky enough to win the lottery. Figure out how they are currently running the lottery and try it out before you buy tickets. Gary L. gives a good description below.
Third time is a charm. This was our third time seeing Wicked; our first on Broadway. Took my daughter to NYC for her college graduation gift. The trip included tickets to see Wicked at the Gershwin. It is her favorite show. We were not disappointed by the performers or the theater. The performers were outstanding and the theater was beautiful. Chandra (GA-linda) and Jackie (Elphaba) reeled us right into the show, hook, line and sinker! We think Jackie was Elphaba when we saw it in Columbus, Ohio in 2010. Outstanding!! And they both graciously signed autographs and posed for pics with us after the show at the stage door. Special shout out to Chris in coat-check and Eric at the doors. xoxo
Wicked was amazing!!I literally cried at the end of the first act which I got to say was my favorite. The actress that was playing Elpheba had an amazing voice that made me emotional. It was inspiring!!! Would definitely go back and watch it The ending was unexpected!
I loved this play! The costumes were beautiful and the cast was fantastic!
THE MUSICAL- I'm not a big fan of musicals, but this one was pretty good!---didn't want to poke my eyes out and leave (which happened with Momma Mia).  I bought tickets near the orchestra in the center, which were great seats.  The costumes used throughout the production are so amazing - so much detail.  The women that plays Glinda is SO AMAZING.  Her voice...her acting.  She made the entire show!   The story line is unexpected and really gives you a new perspective on the Wizard of Oz story.  It has some grown up messages throughout the story so you leave feeling like you actually learned something useful.   THE THEATRE - The Gershwin Theatre seating is pretty uncomfortable.  The seats need to be reupholstered -- the padding has deteriorated and I felt like I was sitting on metal the entire night.  Maybe it was just my seat?  I don't know.  Good thing the show was good and I forgot about it at various times throughout the night.   THE BAR - The bartenders were very efficient and friendly.  There was a long line but it went fast.   WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON SHOWING - I went to the early Wednesday showing.  WOW, there were a TON of little kids there.  It must be a popular school field trip.  Buses of elementary/junior high kids.  It was a little annoying since they are running around very excited, loaded on sugar and caffeine, etc.  But they were well behaved throughout the showing, which was a relief.  Since I was sitting in the orchestra section I was far away from the large groups of them.  Something to keep in mind when you're looking at going at this time. Splurge on the more expensive seats.
Awesome production!  The singing was great and the storyline incredible.  I didn't read the book so didn't know how this tied into the Wizard of Oz and all made sense.  It was kinda cool.  A definite "must see".   Elphaba was superb!
A must see! I thoroughly enjoyed the singing, dancing, scenes, plot, just everything about it. I'm happy I finally got to see it. It was cool to learn about life before the Wizard of Oz. It was funny & very well played. I can see why this show is so popular. The theatre itself is big and beautiful inside. I recommend this to anyone who hasn't seen it yet & I would definitely go see it again.
Great ! Celebrating our 15 anniversary. Seats were great. row H 106,107. Can't go wrong.
Saw Wicked on Thursday, 5/7/10, the 8 p.m. show. It was a great show. Very clever storyline that offers an interesting twist on the Wizard of Oz. It will definitely make you think the next time you watch the movie. The music is great and the singing superb. I sat in the orchestra section, row D. I think a lower level seat would have been good as well. There is some string that falls on the orchestra section at the beginning of the show, but that's about the only thing you'll miss if you sit in the lower level seats. I'm not sure I'd want an upper level seat. Word to the wise: Apparently, no photos are allowed inside the theater (even whent the show is not going on). I did not note any signs stating this, but perhaps I did not see the signs because it was so crowded. In any event, before the show, one of the ushers (a woman in her 50s with short, blond curly hair - watch out for her) took it upon herself to rudely scream at patrons, including myself, to "PUT your camera AWAY!!" I was taken aback by this, because I wasn't taking photos -- I had my phone to my ear and was making a call before the show. There was no reason to be so rude. Word to the wise #2: Be sure to use the bathroom BEFORE you go to the theater. There are bathrooms, but the lines are horrendous. In fact, do not buy any drinks during the show because you will not want to wait in those lines.
I've been a fan for so long, this is a show you can watch so many times and STILL have a blast with. If you're in NYC for any amount of time, it is worth the cost!
If I could give it more stars, I would. I have 4 words for you GO SEE THIS SHOW!!!! I have personally seen the show 3 times (the traveling company in San Diego, New York, and Los Angeles) it is by far my favorite musical, and I have seen many. Wicked is a very unique story...it is a prequel to The Wizard of Oz. It is about Elphaba (the "wicked" witch) and Glinda (the good witch) and how they met at Shiz University. Every single song is wonderful, the lyrics, the musicality, and of course the singing. The last song in Act 1, Defying Gravity is very moving, I got goosebumps every time I see it, and my step-dad cries. It is such a powerful and amazing song. This show is a must see, yes the tickets are expensive (what Broadway show isn't?), yes you have to get them far in advance but it is worth it!
I wish I could give this a better review as I really wish I could have enjoyed it more.  This was my first Broadway show and my first trip to New York. The theater was packed full of people who apparently were all from the same large group. They were still arriving after the play had began which was annoying in itself. The internet said cameras were not allowed but these folks took pictures (cameras, phones, IPADS) during the ENTIRE performance.  There was constant talking, phone checking, leaving and coming back etc.  I had to turn around and use the international SHHHHHHH a few times as I was so aggravated. At one point it sounded like someone was banging their chair and this went on and on. Maybe it would have been a good idea to show Broadway play etiquette, in their native language, on the screens before the start of the plays. Apparently common sense was not a strong point in the audience that night. Maybe someone walking around and telling people to follow the rules would have been helpful.   I really wish I could have enjoyed the show, I felt bad for the cast who did an amazing job.
I havent been to that many musicals but I did enjoy Wicked. I like more of a play theme and not to much singing but I still enjoyed it. I went with my wife for Valentines day and my 5 and 9 year old were jealous but we told them we would see if its kid friendly and it is. So the next time we go is to take them. Oh and on a seating note there really are no bad seats. We walked around during the break and the theater has a very good seating arrangement.
ahhh beautiful play.
I definitely enjoyed their rendition of the story of the Wicked Witch as a musical.... it was so much better than the book, which I had a hard time finishing...and I am the queen of fantasies. The set was pretty cool, I know why the big dragon was there at the top, but it wasn't that significant in the story except for in the beginning... maybe it should've been Oz. I liked their costumes....Elphaba was very green ^_^ and her black dress was beautful. I do appreciate all the things that come with the musical...especially when songs stick to in my head afterwards. I had many expectations of this musical and I wasn't that blown away at the end....maybe it was because of the hype and how long I had to wait to get good seats.... Definitely go and see what everybody is talking about!
Awesome! Well written and well performed. It's almost a 3 hour show but I was entertained throughout the whole show.
Had a wonderful time in the magical land.  Top of the line performers and the two actors playing the witches were simply wonderful and powerful singers.   Great production, lots of props and lots of actors in the cast on stage at times, great story.  A top-of-the-line Broadway play for sure. Go see it and be entertained beyond belief.
The first time I heard Wicked was a friend who convinced me to sing Defying Gravity with him. When the touring company showed up; I was dazzled and in love with the message of acceptance. My friend was there to see it with me.  Now I see it alone on Broadway, listening to "FOR GOOD: - It well may be - That we will never meet again - In this lifetime - So let me say before we part - So much of me is made from what I learned from you - You'll be with me like a handprint on my heart - And now whatever way our stories end - I know you have re-written mine - By being my friend. - I'm beginning to tear up now.  Now for the cast: Lindsay Mendez was fantastic as Elphaba, her pure emotion of the character especially her hatred for Glinda; then pure love for her and her passion for Fiyero was pure magic.  Tiffany Haas was great as Glinda; loved, loved her...Derek Klena, made me feel his distain for higher education/party boy, then his playing Glinda to get what he wants, then realizing his love for Elphaba is something special; that we all wish we could find in a partner.
Wicked is now my favorite Broadway Show! I haven't seen all too many shows and was a fan of Wizard of Oz to begin with.  I liked it even more than The Lion King. What a great story (stop reading if you haven't seen the show, spoiler alert), and what a way to spin the story on its head by portraying the good as the bad and the bad as good.  I can never view the original Wizard of Oz the same way.
If you have out of town guests to entertain in NYC, well - you have to do at least one Broadway Show.  One Show that is user-friendly for young and old and all of us in-betweeners is WICKED.  I saw it with our family who came to town for the long holiday weekend and everyone, everyone, everyone just LOVED it.  I'd seen it once before years prior but our guest hadn't seen it.  It was still as magical and witty and entertaining as ever.  YAY!  WICKED!  Well done, indeed.
After several tries at the "Wicked" lottery, (every Sat. at 11am and 5pm, Gershwin Theater holds a lottery for fantastic seats! I believe they give away something like a dozen seats, just have to pay tax) and failing, I decided it was time to be a big girl and purchase the tickets. SO WORTH IT! I loved the costumes, the set, the orchestra (my fav part) and the performer who played "Elphaba" blew me away. No words for that woman- she will be in this business for a long time. I was humming the tunes all the way home. The entire show was such a treat!
simply amazing!
I haven't seen that many shows, but Wicked is by far, the best that I have seen! I loved it so much, that despite the cost of tickets and a trip to NYC, I am absolutely positive that I will be back for this show. I wasn't sure what to expect because I had read about 1/3 of the book, in anticipation of the play. The book and the play are VERY different! If you hate the book, do not let that discourage you. There were adaptions to the play and it is enlightening, funny and clever, while I found the book depressing and somewhat disturbing. I will finish reading it, but I've already read what happens in the end and I'm not pleased. I was exhausted when I came home from New York. I was up for nearly 24 hours doing a little bit of celebrity stalking (yes, we found what we were looking for, no- you're not getting anymore than that), and then I had a completely psychotic married couple fighting and crying hysterically behind me on the train ride home. I felt grungy and disgusting and needed a NY grime scrub in the shower... but what did I do? I immediately downloaded the Wicked soundtrack and then ordered the Wicked Grimmerie book from amazon. I couldn't wait another moment! I highly recommend this play to everyone interested in theater or the Wizard of Oz. What a clever story. I can't wait to go back!
This play is what a Broadway play ought to be. It has flash, humor and is very heart warming (bring tissues). The talent demonstrated is just beyond words. The set is beautiful, my mother and I just didn't know where to look!! It is 2 hours and 45 minutes of sheer entertainment. It ended far too soon, I wanted it to go at least another hour. The theater even has a restaurant in it with outdoor seating, there is no reason to leave the theater after the show. You might even see an actor or 2 as you dine.
Ok so, This is the very first broadway show I have ever been to. But whichever ones I see after this have a huge competition. I loved this show and can't wait to go and see it again with my daughter.
the #1 best broadway show i have ever seen!!! the scenery and decor is down-right a-mazing!!! big beautiful, clean modern theatre and great production everything i was expecting and 100 times more!!! glinda was the best character! great souvenirs, too!!! will see this show again!!! Great scenery and costumes. The best numbers were "Popular", "Defying Gravity", and the finale! i wish i could rate "wicked" 100 stars, that's how amazingly spectacular it was!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of my favorite running plays.  Have taken my daughter to see it twice.  I love this play.  That said, this is NOT a children's play.  It's not inappropriate for children or anything like that but it's a bit above their heads unless they are really into the Wizard of Oz.  I took my daughter at 8 and she didn't really get it.  She liked the costumes and such but didn't really follow the story.  It's not scary or inappropriate, but it's a more complicated story that assumes you already know the Wizard of Oz story and can follow a plot.  Great songs, great costumes and sets, and it's just a great story.  I like it (can't you tell).  I highly encourage you to see this play.  Most seats are good and basically what you would expect.  Downstairs 4-10 rows, great.  Upstairs on the back row (or the very front rows) not so much.  Parking nearby is expensive but you can go back towards the Hudson (west) and find cheaper, the further you are willing to walk the better it will get.
Wicked was spectacular! loved it, loved all the actors/actresses, loved the Gershwin theater. Couldn't have been a more perfect evening. We had great seats, third row back dead center. That didn't hurt! But even if we were sitting in the back or in the balcony, the performance was outstanding. My husband and my 15 year old daughter loved it. A must to see when you're in NYC!!!
Where I had first walked into the theater I was uncertain of what I had just paid $550 to see.  For it was my fiances choice and I was just picking up the tab, all I knew was that it was about witches but for $550 they better fly is what I was thinking.   Though within the first moments of the play I was hooked; for it was humorous dramatic and most of all put a human face on one of my all time favorite movies.   The overall production was outstanding, the musical score fit the mood and the ambiance of the storyline and finally the theater itself was a magnificent replica of the day with theater was adored by all. I say that the price I paid was a serious bargain in contrast to the enjoyment it gave us.
I usually have a lot of bad things to say about places, but man, this show was GOOD!  I highly recommend it!
So many great shows on Broadway but Wicked is still my wife and my favorite show. A great score Fantastic cast A well done set Incredible costumes We are fortunate to go to many Broadway and Off Broadway shows every year and Wicked is still the best by far
i totally get Mike D. i was hoodwinked by my mother to take some relatives to see the show. i'm still waiting to be reimbursed for that, by the way. for people who have actually purchased the tickets, you know what i'm talking about. those puppies don't come cheap. i don't care what employment program you have. i had to shell out a lot of duckets for those badboys. anyway. everyone and their shih-tzu talks about how fantabulous this show is and i really wasn't wowed. i liken it to 'legally blonde' on broadway, except 'legally blonde' is actually on broadway now so i don't think that's fair. it's so damn poppy, it's insane. i'm not going to lie. there is some great music in there, but it's just so kitschy, i don't think real theatre goers can forgive the rest of the show for one or two numbers. however, i know the rest of my party was trying to 'defy gravity' by the nite's end. so i can agree to disagree. if more out of town relatives show up, this would definitely be the show i would send them to. happy?
