Wonderful food, friendly and fun service, and beautiful interior...what more could you ask for? Cocktails here are unique and complex -- always fun but not always the case with your standard $14 cocktail. We took the burrata, the roasted carrots, and the rib eye. Simply delicious from beginning to end! Would like to try sister restaurant Wallflower next.
Two word..  Simply amazing..  Four words...  Well worth the money.. Took my girlfriend here for our 5 yr anniversary got the 5 course meal and everything was done to perfection .  Couldn't ask for a better night.
Definitely one of my favorite meals in a while!! First off, my friends and I have a habit of showing up late to everything.  At the Eddy we had a 730 PM reservation for 6.  About an hour after sitting, the last of us strolled in.  We had ordered a couple of drinks, but wanted to wait for everyone to order food (because we were going to the do the tasting menu).  Typically staff is annoyed by this type of thing, but NOT at the Eddy!  They seemed to be completely okay with our tardiness, which kicked off a 3-hr dinner. Everything tasted great too!  I cannot remember the names of all of the cocktails we tried, but each one was better than the last.  The tasting menu was fairly priced and very hearty.  My favorite items were the scallops, bacon tatertots, octopus and the dessert (which was the creamiest chocolate ice cream ever, topped with pretzel crumbs - yum!). Overall, awesome experience and highly recommended.
KenScale: 8.0/10 The Eddy is a New American restaurant that opened quietly along a street in East Village full of Indian establishments, headed by chef Brendan McHale. I've long been intrigued with this restaurant because its owner is also an owner of Wallflower (where I had a very nice meal to go along with inventive cocktails) and because of its tasting menu at $58 per person that is very reasonable in NYC standards. I recently made a visit (and went with the a la carte option instead of the tasting menu), and while there were some hits and misses, overall the dinner was a pleasant experience. You have to start a meal at The Eddy with bacon-tater tot that comes with English pea puree and mustard. It was a great bite to start a dinner, especially with the way the English pea puree created a delightful sensation to my taste bud. I proceeded to order two starters. Crudo of scallop with mushroom escabeche was forgettable (I've had fresher crudo elsewhere), but I was a fan of the ricotta gnocchi that came with shiitake mushrooms, peas and hazelnuts. They came in larger size (think of dim sum instead of gnocchi) and each bite was quite pleasant with different elements working together well. For the main dishes, I shared tile fish that came with squid ink hollandaise and artichokes, as well as lamb loin and belly that came with favetta, panisse and mint. Both the fish and the lamb were cooked pretty well, but the seasoning was more successful in the tile fish. Lamb could've been slightly more tender with less salt so enhance the juicy texture of the meat. For dessert, panna cotta with rhubarb ice was a refreshing but not mind-blowing end to the meal. The restaurant has been receiving some buzz, but it is still relatively easy to secure a reservation. When I walked in, I was very charmed by the cozy space and ambiance but on the flip side it could get a little too noisy down the night. The restaurant has a full bar, with some cocktail selections that are probably not as ambitious as Wallflower but still have some solid items. The Eddy is a solid neighborhood restaurant that will offer some pleasant surprises.
Not sure what more can be added to the already glowing reviews. I had the chance to dine at The Eddy in late September with my fiancee. It was actually her first trip to New York City and we decided to have dinner at The Eddy on our first evening together in the city. Based on my previous experience at Wallflower (West Village) which is under the same ownership, and based on reviews of The Eddy, it seemed like the perfect recipe for a perfect evening. And that is exactly how it turned out. The food, wine list, service and ambiance are all superb. This comes as quite a refreshing surprise when you take the inconspicuous location of this "Michelin-in-training" restaurant into account. Even more refreshing was the spacious restroom (by NYC standards), which was very tastefully adorned, and most importantly was as clean and immaculate when I first got there to wash up, as it was when I visited again prior to leaving. Yes, I'm a registered germophobe. All in all, an amazing first experience at The Eddy. We even had the pleasure of meeting the chef, who came to our table to see how everything was. He's an incredibly nice, incredibly humble, and quite obviously an incredibly talented individual. We look forward to our next opportunity to dine there on a future trip to Manhattan.
New kid on the block, The Eddy, just opened in the East Village, so I had to check it out. The intimate restaurant houses just a couple handfuls of tables, creating a cozy environment. Their bar has a bit of its own space with a couple high-top tables, in addition to bar seating, so, you can come in for a casual drink and snack, or, dine in the adjoining room. To drink, I ordered the Parlor Friar (Vida Mezcal, Strawberry Red Bell Pepper Shrub, Pamplemousse, Lemon, Egg White). Aside from the super fancy design presentation, the drink underneath was just as delightful. This was a actually a very light, refreshing, summery drink with a nice sweetness and subtle citrusy flavor. Next, I ordered their Raw Asparagus Salad (Bonito Vinaigrette, Cashew, Tarragon). I really liked this. The asparagus is fresh and crisp, lightly tossed in the vinaigrette, giving it a delicate creaminess. Great flavor, and then you have the added crunch of the cashew pieces, adding a touch of nuttiness and sweetness. Then, I had Oil Poached Salmon (Herb Creme, Artichokes, Saffron). This was really delicious. It's a smaller portion, served as a small plate, but, has big flavor. The salmon is perfectly poached, leaving it plump, tender, and cooked to a medium rare. The herb creme is really nice too, complimenting the fish and adding a creamy, earthy, herby flavor.
The eddy was a nice surprise, it's a small intimate place, with great food and great drinks, we had the tasting menu and it was perfect, every dish was flavorful and well cooked. From the starters to the dessert every dish was journey of perfectly mixed flavors. It is definitely one of my top 5 restaurants in NYC.
Delicious food, creative and beautifully prepared cocktails, wonderful and friendly staff. We've been back twice in a week! The gnocchi is absolutely astounding!
I took my friend out to The Eddy for her birthday dinner and was pleased with what they had to offer. I had read about their infamous bacon tater tots before making a reservation and was glad to see them offered as part of their 5 course tasting menu. (I have pictures of all our courses posted here, too.) The restaurant is small (only 11 tables) and intimately set with a separate bar/cocktail area at the entrance. The server seated me quickly, I was the first to arrive, and I had explained the specialty of the day, so she took the appropriate actions (gave me the tab, put a candle in the dessert). We opted to do the tasting menu (which needs to be ordered by everyone at the table, fyi) for $50. I was impressed that the first 3 courses were actually 6 dishes - one of each of the items for the table - meaning a lot of variety to eat from. Then the main courses we each selected one, and dessert we each selected one. We added the oyster special and the roasted carrots to our regular tasting menus as well. Highlights: the oyster special - 4 Massachusetts oysters from Wianno Bay - served on ice topped with herb oil and tabasco sugar - phenomenal! I would go back just in the hopes that they serve this again! The beef tendon puff was great - both texturally and taste-wise. The tendon was nice and crispy and the charred onion cream tasted like the best homemade onion dip (please take this as a compliment and not a dumbing down of the dish) you have ever eaten with the trout roe adding the burst of salinity on top. Perfection! I also loved my lamb main - the belly was tremendous - and the toasted olive oil cake. I would go back for that cake. I am not much for sweets so I always jump at the chance to taste a savory cake - this was it - with the lavender milk and blueberries it was an idyllic way to cap off the meal. I should mention the ricotta gnocchi - that was pretty darn good, too, and almost made my favorites list if they had upped the shitake content and removed the hazlenuts. The bacon tater tots, our reason for trying this place out, were good but those other dishes were better. We enjoyed a tasty Australian reisling by Alkoomi which had a nice mineral quality to it and paired well with our dishes. For a new restaurant only open since April, they are making some serious strides. I will certainly come back in the future to see how their menu has evolved.
Found this gem with Yelp's help. Small but vibrant. Yummy cocktails and bustling for a weeknight. Opted for the tasting menu - apps were dreamy, gnocchi course was from heaven. Main courses were average. Maybe we were too full from the earlier courses? Worth another visit. Call ahead tho to make sure there's room.
Service is top notch here!  When we came in for our reservation and we told the waitress it was our anniversary, she came back with two small glasses of rose wine on the house for us.  Overall, the whole staff was very friendly throughout our meal, with the bacon tator tots and ricotta gnocchi being the standout dishes. Everything is seasoned very well, including the grassfed ribeye with crushed potatoes.  The only dish I wasn't the biggest fan of was the seared squid, as I would of liked more of a char.  The space is small, but comfortable.
I came here for my birthday last week, and I couldn't have chosen a better meal. The $58 5-course tasting menu was excellent, with every dish being very thoughtful and perfectly executed. My favorites were the beef tendon puffs, bacon tater tots, and seared squid. All the plates that they brought for the table to share were amazing-so good in fact that I wanted to eat it all myself! I was surprised at how full I felt by the end of the meal. I've done tons of research on the perfect tasting menu, and while there were tons of more expensive options out there, I feel that The Eddy gives you the most bang for your buck. A five-course tasting menu anywhere else will run you well over $100 per person, but it's almost half the price at The Eddy. And even better, the food is amazing! It's a steal, trust me. I think the only thing I wish I could change was the dessert. I'm a huge chocolate fan but they don't have any chocolate dessert options, which breaks my heart a little bit. I got the olive oil cake, which was fine, but I would have been thrilled for anything chocolate! Just wanna throw this in: The Eddy makes a superb Moscow Mule. It comes in a beautiful copper cup and they use a very spicy ginger beer, which is essential for the perfect Moscow Mule. It had the perfect amount of sweetness (not over-the-top) balanced with the spiciness from the ginger beer. Hands down, it was the best Moscow Mule I've had in a looooong time! The restaurant is small, but it's a great spot to take a date if you want to have an intimate meal. I'm obsessed with this restaurant, and with the tasting menu. Go there, it's great!
Love The Eddy! We are big fans of Wallflower in the West Village and were so excited when the owner opened this new spot. The cocktails are fantastic (my favorite is the Lily of the Valley, which is served in a tea cup) and the food is delicious (the bacon tater tots are out of this world, and we also love the ribeye and lamb loin). Staff is super friendly as well, and this has become somewhat of a regular spot of ours. We always come for one drink and end up staying for three!
Decent cocktails, and pretty enjoyable food. The poached salmon was cooked really well, and the gnocchi was interestingly stuffed with cheese. Beef tendon puff was fun to try. The portions are small-appetite friendly, so it's unfriendly to me/my wallet.
The cocktails are superb. The plates are as delicious as they are beautiful. We didn't have a reservation but we're content to take up residence at the bar. The charm of the bar itself, combined with the enchanting cocktails being made before us, made it an entirely enjoyable decision.
Given that I rarely venture out in the lower east side or the east village, I was pleasantly surprised to dine at this place. Small restaurant but cozy. Amazing drinks, and very good food. Will be back for sure, and would recommend it to my friends. Also, service was very good. Our waiter was very attentive and willing to surprise us and our guests with awesome drinks choices.
A new east village gem. Unique farm fresh combinations which are on point. Have liked or loved just about everything I've tried. Super friendly and attentive staff and mgmt.
Friendly bartender, server and support staff! The location is superb and the decor is welcoming and homey. Had a great meal with unique twists and turns to the expected. I really enjoyed the fun drink options, salmon rillettes, scallop appetizer, chocolate ice cream and panna cotta desserts. Definitely recommend as a great place for a unique drink or fun menu experience.
Great great cocktails. High quality booze, reasonable prices, fantastic bartenders with innovative drinks. The Dr. Isaacman was a spectacular off-menu cocktail. As a cocktail snob this place is highly recommended.
Unfortunately I don't remember the names of the cocktails I had but they were great. I was here on a slow night and chatted with the bartender for a bit. Kelvin knows his shit. Can't wait to come back and try the food.
Pretty busy for a Tues but I had reservations. The place looks like an underbelly of a ship, but it makes for a cozy/homey setting.   It's a rather small menu ... We ended up almost trying everything on it!  Here's our list~ Beef tendon puff:  it seems a lot goes into the preparation of this but really it just tastes like a classy pork rind. I would skip. Bacon tater tot: delicioso!! I could eat a million Smoked Char (was given on the house): a nice surprise, but certainly not a highlight Asparagus Salad: so yum. I definitely recommend this! Fresh, tangy, cashews provide sweetness. I just loved this. Scallop crudo: one of the highlights. Very delicate. Cuttlefish: small, but really good Gnocchi: I think this is the most popular dish (tho I'm sticking with the asparagus salad as mine) Ribeye: pretty good, well prepared, too rich Lamb: served as 2 differently prepared lambs, unique. Really delicious if you like lamb Malted ice cream: as it sounds... Amazing. I found all the deserts complex, obviously prepared by someone very technical.  I recommend saving room for at least one. Rhubarb panama cotta: awesome. bomb The wait staff is casual, friendly/outgoing, knowledgeable, superbly skilled and attentive. All cocktails we tried were lovely concoctions that reminded me of a speakeasy caliber. I look forward to returning. Go now!
Came in here on Friday night two days after they opened.  I'd heard about the restaurant from Eater, but otherwise had no idea what to expect.  The food is "new American blah blah blah" except everything is just a little unique and is incredibly well done.  I enjoyed the food here as much as recent meals at Narcissa and Gato. Smoked Char Rilette served on crispy potato skins and crispy Beef Tendon puffs with a bit of salty trout roe were surprising, delicious bites to open the meal.  Asparagus Salad was refreshing, but also a bit savory from the bonito vinaigrette -- I never get salads at restaurants and I was glad I listened to our server on getting this one. Main courses were also terrific.  The 6 giant gnocchi were perfectly light and fluffy.  The lamb came two ways -- loin grilled medium rare and neck braised and stacked into something like a terrine. I'm not big on desserts (or panna cotta), but things had gone so well that we listened to our server and tried the Cardamon Panna Cotta.  It's on the savory end for a dessert, but mellowed out by a light, tangy rhubarb sorbet.  Drinks were good too (and just $12!). It's not often you go to a restaurant with zero expectations and it was great to just be pleasantly surprised for an entire meal.
The Meal at the Eddy was of the best in awhile and on the short list of all time great meals. We had an early reservation and we had the place to our selves which was great. We took our time and paced the courses and all were  tasty, fresh and flavorful. The cocktails were great too on point. Do yourself a favor and come eat here now,  decor is cool small cozy place Come ready to eat and have your taste buds blow away. Staff is awesome that's all I have to say. Stop looking and book
The Eddy is fully deserving of all these good reviews. The food and service is exceptional. Ordered one plate of oysters for starters. They were so good we ordered a second. Scallops were delicious too. For mains I ordered the gnocchi and my gf ordered the ribeye - seriously good - and perfectly matched with the Brunello di Montalcino. Our waiter Bill was really knowledgeable and pleasant. Just what you want in a waiter.
This was one of the best meals of my trip. The cottage-like setting is cozy and charming, making it the perfect place for a date. We went for the tasting menu because everything looked enticing. The first courses were fantastic (the scallop crudo, especially), but the tile fish entree was a huge let down. The fish itself was really bland and the mix of cuttlefish ink and artichokes was off-putting both in appearance and flavor. Since one of us got the duck we weren't completely disappointed, and the panna cotta dessert with granita pretty much redeemed the restaurant. One thing that stuck out was that the tasting menu was not nearly as heavy as most. Everything was prepared with minimal oil or butter, and tasted very bright because of it. I preferred this since normally I am already getting full by the entree course of a tasting menu, but my husband ended up getting hungry later on (maybe because I ate part of his duck...)
We are from France and we wanted try new American cuisine and we really enjoyed that place. Good food good atmosphere and really good staff (so friendly). Bartender is great too, we have wonderful memories next year we will return
Incredibly overpriced for the food and atmosphere. Food is mediocre. Highly doubt if anyone goes there fpr a second time. Whatwver else you do, wherever else u go it will be a better way to spend your money. The wholefoods burrata tastes much better than what the eddy offers. Only good thing is the beef tongue pastramy. I never write reviews but this time i couldnt stop myself.
GREAT food. Initial service was slow and ultimately a bit overpriced. Otherwise, pretty happy. My friend made an accurate comparison to "Northern Spy... but just not quite getting there". That's probably accurate. Hope they make it. Seems like a tough location... but I will try to come back soon.
Love the decor, very cute and chic. Service is friendly yet concise, just the way I like it. And of course the food is awesome. Grass-fed beef and perfect medium rare lamb chops? hello.
YUM.  I typically hate overpriced over-thought out food at trendy restaurants but the tasting menu at The Eddy may have changed my mind.  Each dish was more interesting and delicious than the last.  I literally could not pick a favorite.  Great cocktails, great service (even with our party of 8), great atmosphere. Definitely worth my stingy dollars.
Great food great service. Fantastic cocktails This place is super comfortable and a great find we will be back many times over can't say enough about the experience
We started the food with the interesting sounding 'Bacon-Tater Tot, English Pea Puree, Mustard'. It has to be the most precise and delicate presentation of tater tots I've ever seen. They were also amazingly good. I could have eaten a whole plate of these. I guess we did, but the plate only had four. The big adventure of the night was the cuttlefish. Neither of us had ever had it before, and my gf was a bit skeptical, not much liking squid or octopus and other similar things, but we decided to give it a go. It was delicious! Of course, if I didn't know what it was, I would never guess cuttlefish. It is quite similar to squid, but I'd say it has a bit 'tougher' (not in a bad way) texture, and a bit of a more exotic flavor. We also had the salmon side and the lamb for the main course. Both were good but the tater tots and the cuttlefish were definitely the highlights. All in all it was a nice meal and the place is great. I'll return.
Upgrading to four stars. Truth be told the drinks gave me a major hangover but not sure if that was specific to the drinks or to my old age!
I stumbled upon this place within the first month it opened. I was supposed to meet some friends elsewhere but since they were running late I decided to have a drink. Well, I couldn't have chanced upon a better spot. I perched myself at the bar and quickly started chatting with the bar manager Kevin. He made me a bourbon daisy cocktail served in a pretty antique tea cup. After talking to him more I learned he previously worked at a bunch of cocktail bars I myself am a fan of. So it's no surprise that the cocktails here at The Eddy were all very well crafted and perfectly balanced. This is definitely my new favorite cocktail bar. He told me about his little projects (the tea cups are his own collection) and we talked about our own favorite spirits. After I said I haven't met a type of rum I am particularly in love with he let me sample his favorite, a rum from Martinique. Incidentally I've recently read about this rum in my favorite travel magazine AFAR. After that I made my friends come meet me at The Eddy and Kevin made drinks for each of them after a brief chat. We all loved it of course and I for one, will definitely be back.
Had a pleasant evening at the Eddy. Had a couple tasty drinks at the bar while waiting for the campers to vacate our table. Ended up being 45 mins, and they graciously gave us a bottle of wine on the house to compensate (thank you!). Shared the bacon tater tots (ok), the oil poached salmon (delicious and cooked perfectly), and had the cardamon panna cotta (awesome and best part of the meal). Would return.
The Eddy has great food and cocktails.  We ordered drinks at the bar before dinner.  The bartender was very friendly and helpful During dinner our waiter was very attentive and suggested the Bacon Tater Tots as an appetizer which were delicious. I would definitely eat at the eddy again.
This place is outstanding. Everything is great. Ask for the Dr Isaacman - it's a specialty drink that the bartender Kelvin makes. It's probably the best cocktail that I have ever had.
Favorite new place. I wish it was in my neighborhood so I could just hang at the bar every other day. Highly recommend starting at the bar. Fantastic drinks. Order from the list or just tell their masterful bartender what you like. You won't be disappointed. Such a good staff, too. It just feels great here...be friendly and be ready to have a great evening. I had the beef tendon puff, I wanted many more of these...then the raw asparagus salad, delicious, very well dressed & tasty...and the Ricotta Gnocchi, Pea Greens, Hazelnuts, Pickled Ramps...had to go to the site to get the full description. Sooo good. Have to go back for dessert...was too full after the 3 courses. Have been back to the bar twice since this meal...with appointments elsewhere but had to come in for a drink. So worth it.
After reading all the positive reviews for The Eddy, I decided to go here with my girlfriend for our anniversary. They delivered on all levels and it was one of the best dining experiences that we've ever had together. The food, drinks, service, atmosphere, and entire experience were absolutely flawless. A truly great night. Compliments and kudos for the entire team at The Eddy.
I was excited to try The Eddy for dinner after I saw the review on Tasting Table.  The service/ atmosphere/ food itself was great.  Nevertheless, I cannot recommend eating dinner here due to the price to portion value.  I finished my dinner plate with 4 forks full of food.  This is not the restaurant to go hungry to.  My friend and I had to go to another restaurant after to get a more fulfilling meal.
A marvelous addition to the wonderful East Village.
My new favorite dish is the crudo of scallop with the watermelon jellies. I really enjoyed the roasted carrots with cashew butter, savory and very fresh like they had been picked that morning. Presentation is awesome. Panna cota with basil is still my favorite dessert here. The wine and cocktail list continues to evolve, plus they are very good at customizing your drink to whatever strikes your mood... usually something with scotch/whiskey for myself.
We saw this small place as we were walking by and decided to give it a shot after seeing the cozy atmosphere inside. Our waiter was very friendly and food was delicious. The catfish, lamb loin & neck and beef tongue were tender and delicious. I loved the feeling, the food and the modesty of this place. Definitely an option for a date night for dinner with friends/family.
All around fantastic experience.  We were visiting from Chicago.  I wouldn't refer to ourselves as food snobs, but we definitely have our list of go-to places in Chitown and we know good food when we taste it.  The Eddy was by far the best dining experience we had in NYC. Great atmosphere, drinks that are out of this world, and interesting food dishes that are presented perfectly -- both in terms of how they are plated and even described and presented by the friendly staff.  Dessert was also impressive -- try the pana cotta -- you will love it!  The Eddy is on our list for our next visit, for sure!
I had dinner here last night and would NOT return. The service was slow, the food was bland, and there was this lingering dive bar smell to the restaurant.
The service was very personable, the food was very delicious, and the ambiance was intriguing; however, the food descriptions on the menu were vague and the portion sizes were much too small. I think every New York restaurant should strive to find a balance between quality, portion size and price.
The Eddy is a super cute, chilled spot with excellent food. Perfect for a girls night or a date. The food was delicious (try the gnocchi!) and the service was flawless. My favourite thing about the place though is the ambiance, rustic, casual, warm and cosy. I think it's owned by the same guy who owns Wallflower in the West Village and that's awesome too.
They had me at cocktails in fancy tea cups! The Lilly of the Valley was delish and quite potent, I may add! Just an overall fabulous dining experience. Service was top notch. We didn't even notice that our cocktails seemed to be taking a while to arrive, but apparently the staff did as one of our very friendly servers brought us complimentary glasses of wine while we waited. So nice! We ordered the tasting menu and the food was outstanding. Our faves were the bacon tater tots (they're even better than they sound), burrata and pluot salad (creamiest burrata and pluots were such an interesting, yet perfect pairing) and the ricotta gnocchi (beyond amazing). We got the steak, tile fish and lamb for our mains and all were equally great. Desserts were fantastic, particularly the panna cotta which had a very unique flavor, in a good way! Seriously, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, from the cocktails on down to dessert. Buzzing and very pleasant, comfortable atmosphere, not pretentious at all. Cannot wait to go back!
This is a small but comfortable restaurant on the LES.  This staff is friendly, attentive and professional.  They have a  limited menu but everything on it is recognizable and good.  They also have great cocktails. I went there because we were heading to PDT at 9pm after and i was pleasantly surprised.  i would definitely go back.
The staff is very attentive without being intrusive. The $58 5-course tasting menu is really affordable and most of the dishes were delicious. Recommended!
Love at first site. We waltzed in on a quiet weekday early-ish. I was particularly fond of the bar set up. You could tell the bartender Kelvin was a pro and proud to be there creating concoctions from another era. We tried a few each. Parlor Friar and a lighter version of a Pina Colada. Both were exceptional. We started getting hungry, looked at the menu and took a seat in the dining room. They were so sweet and accommodating with such pride in their jobs. So here we go: Cuttlefish, Asparagus Salad, Tater Tots, Beef Tendon Puffs - a very interesting lists of snacks all in all so we started with three and a few appetizers. The menu read very well.  For my main course I ordered the lamb shoulder with favas - perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. Yum. My husband ordered the gnocchi which was also great. Our server was pleasant and very efficient. The GM checked on us a few times to see how we were enjoying everything. I really love this place. Attention to detail, great staff and a very interesting, clever menu of extremely well cooked and presented dishes. The Eddy is a Winner. Check it.
Came here for a friends birthday and the 4  of us did the tasting menu. Everything was delicious and definitely worth the price! Waitress was great and drinks were delicious as well. Some stand outs were the scallop crudo, cuttlefish (must get), and gnocchi. Lamb belly was awesome too. Save room for dessert because the cardamom panna cotta is amazing! Will definitely go back.
Popped in here the other evening. Was seated right away by the friendly hostess, and continued to have great service from our server. The food was outstanding, light, and fresh. Highly recommend!
this place is fantastic. the décor is cozy and rustic down to the perfectly fitting tiny corner sinks in the bathrooms. service is wonderful and attentive. the food is delicious, I highly recommend the cow tongue. don't be grossed out about the name, it's extra tender and unctuous. the plate portions are great for sharing and snacking. price points are VERY reasonable for the area and fare. drinks especially as some people have already commented. I tried both desserts, the panna cotta and the malted chocolate ice cream. both were awesome! this spot is ideal for a nice date, dinner and drinks with friends, bar hopping... ill be back soon!
What a wonderful experience! I called to make a reservation for a birthday dinner and already loved the place solely based on my phone experience. The person at The Eddy was so helpful in planning the dinner. When we got there we were greeted by everyone with a smile. Once seated, the waitress helped us choose drinks. Her knowledge was impressive and what she recommended was incredible. I love charteuse so she got me a drink that wasn't on the menu. It was so tasty! Then we got the tasting menu, which was unbelievable. Each dish was the perfect size and had a unique flavourful taste. I can't think of what plate I liked the most... The best was the dessert though.... If that is even possible. It was malt ice cream with pretzel and chocolate combination and I can't get the texture and taste out of my mind. I appreciated the genuine kindness of the staff and the impeccable service. It made the night a success. I recommend this to everyone and anyone that enjoys fun and delicious food! I will definitely return. Hopefully soon!
We selected The Eddy as a spur of the moment to celebrate our 9 year old's son winning the faculty prize at his UES school.   We wanted a place that was intimate with inventive food.  We did not expect such excellence, charm and warmth.  Let's start with the warmth.  All of the staff are intelligent and happy to be there.   Not "panting" happy. Rather "I am competent, this is a place that merits and reciprocates my competence" happy.  Next the charm.  The bar is wonderful, stocked with antique bar hardware from the bar tender collection.  The woodwork, lighting, seating, ironwork have all been selected with great care and sensibility.   Finally the food.  It seems like a limited menu until you appreciate the complexity and attention to detail with which each dish is prepared.  We had the tongue, gnocchi, lamb and ribeye, followed by one each of the two desserts.  Every dish was outstanding.  Stop talking, close your eyes and enjoy outstanding.  With the ribeye, for example, it was hard to judge what the best part was:  the steak, which had a beef stroganoff richness even though cooked medium rare, the young potatoes touched with dessert-like soft cheese or the tiny onion shells filled with juicy liquid.   Go before it becomes impossible to get a reservation.
We came back to the east village where I went to college 30 years ago but hopefully always to find something new. We had dinner at Gandhi across the street and heard the bartender at Eddy rocking that cocktail shaker like his life depending on it. Naturally we came over afterward for a drink. Would've ordered a Manhattan but the cocktail menu showed such commitment and love for mixology, we just had to order from that menu. Both our drinks -- each double rye-based -- were exceptional, interesting, complex. Not a big pour for $14 but definitely a big flavor. You can't help but love the passion that Kelvin (Sp?) the bartender and everyone else bring to the place (which is small and cute, adorned with antique or reclaimed planks and plain white walls). Simple chic. So it was a double blessing when our hosts poured us one of their Manhatttans, on the house, for not other reason than they heard us talking. That's the joy of craft and service that distinguishes a superior bar from a good bar. Nice job, gang. Best of luck!
Fantastic date night spot, intimate setting, fantastic service and delicious plates! There's a small bar to wait at while you're table is made ready and the staff throughout the restaurant is exceptionally friendly and welcoming. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to guide our orders in exactly the right direction. The entrees lean towards smaller portions, but not in a bad way at all. We each ordered a snack portion, appetizer, and entree, with dessert being split and it was the perfect sized meal. I can't think of anything that would warrant less than five stars, I'd give it six if I could!
Great service and an awesome, relatively affordable tasting menu! It did take them awhile to seat us for our reservation, but they were really apologetic and comped our drinks because of this. Always happy to see a restaurant own its mistakes. The tasting menu offers five small courses of some really interesting, delicious plates. And even though it is five "courses", for the first two courses you get to two different things to try per course, although the first two courses are pretty small (like 2 bites). The ricotta gnocchi is life changing. They're big and fluffy and kind of look like matzah balls, but taste like cheesy balls of perfection. This is coming from someone who is usually pretty indifferent towards gnocchi! They're also great at pairing unique flavors and textures. For example, the creamy pana cotta was so great with the flakes of Berry ice. Another plus - my friend can't eat wheat or dairy and they were able to accommodate her for the entire tasting menu with substitutions!
I don't know why it is, but I seem to gravitate towards places that are named Eddy. I used to volunteer at a school on an Eddy Street, I lived on a different Eddy Street during the last half of college, and there's now a wonderful bar (yelp.com/biz/the-eddy-pr...) in my hometown. Then there's this bar restaurant in the East Village. And I've had nothing but good memories in each. On the night we went, there were more people sitting in the dining area, so we were lucky when we were seated at a quiet corner table in the bar area. Being the sister restaurant of Wallflower, we were very excited to try their cocktails. I know it's not good to judge books by their covers (in this case, drinks by their names), but when I saw names like the 7th Regiment Punch and Gandy Dancer on their list, I already knew we'd be in for a treat. The 7th Regiment Punch (because it had Napoleon Armagnac in it!) was very fruity and came presented as a pink (because of the raspberry cordial and saffron sherbet) drink in a teacup. J's Frances the Mute contained coffee whiskey, sherry, amaro, and a whole egg stirred in, and was refined and delicious. We ordered from the a la carte menu. 1. Bacon Tater Tots - These were delicious, and the bright green dot of pea purée was a fresh addition (both visually and in taste), though I found the mustard each tater tot rested on a little too strong. 2. Burrata with delicata - My favorite. I didn't even know what delicata was before I sat down, but learned that it's a type of squash that's even richer and creamier than butternut! I honestly learn a new vocabulary word every single time I dine out. The burrata was fluffy and delicious with the vinaigrette and greens. 3. Ricotta gnocchi with oyster mushrooms - The plate was fairly small, but the gnocchi was pillowy, the oyster mushrooms juicy, and the hazelnuts pleasant. 4. Ribeye with St. Albray fondue and crushed potatoes - The fondue was just bits of melted cheese that rested on top of the dish, but they were deliciously creamy and salty. The ribeye was cooked perfectly and went well with the well-seasoned potatoes. It was a very comforting, hearty dish.  We made it a point to have each forkful contain all three elements. The service was impeccable. Our server came by and periodically asked us if we were enjoying everything. It wasn't like he was asking because he was supposed to, or asking because he knew the answer; he just genuinely seemed to care about our thoughts. I really appreciated that. Likelihood of another visit: I'd even like to come back to try more of the drinks.
My wife took me here to celebrate my last day as a 30 year old. We walked past this place four times before realizing it was in a rather obvious spot.  As soon as you walk in you a hit in the face with a small but super sweet bar. The host seated us immediately as we already had a reservation. This is not the type of place that you can just walk in to an get seated without calling in advance. The restaurant is relatively small so don't bring a large crowd unless you know someone that works there that can squeeze you in. The food - wow! The oysters were perfect and the bacon tator tots...incredible. The idea of paying 5 bucks for four tator tots sounds rather underwhelming but this appetizer is probably the best on the menu. Hints of bacon, well fried tator tots, spicy mustard and pea/wassabi?! Whoa. I went with the small portion of the gnocchi and my wife went with the rib eye. Gnocchi rocked but I would highly recommend the larger portion in the future. The rib eye and potatoes were awesome. Everything came together so well. We ended up having all three desserts on the menu. The best hands down was the olive oil cake, followed by their mouse/icecream/gelato interpretation. The panna cotta was delicious for what it is, but the olive oil cake definitely wins. The cocktail list here is exquisite. My wife and I shared six of them on the menu.... Every last one of them was unlike anything that we've ever had before. The wine list was very impressive but we weren't in a wine mood.  At the end of the night we were pretty "turned up" but felt hungry two hours later. This place is a gem. Ended the meal with one of their proprietary elixirs which surprisingly... Had alcohol. Lol. I can't wait to come back! Thank you bill and  Jenna for takin extra good care of us. I forgot the bartender's name but he was a great personality and an even better mixologist
Came here with my family last summer because, you know, the Yelp algorithms said I would like it. Boy, did I. We walked over from the Standard East in a driving summer rain and squeezed our clothes out at the bar. After several, I mean many drinks, we were finally seated. The bartender was probably more of a mixologist, I mean, that's what they want to be called, right? She made some awesome drinks, and offered us a few tastes of her favorites. The place was very busy on a weekday evening, and it was probably more than an hour before we were seated. But once we were, the food was heavenly. I may have started with the bacon tater tots, but there is a reason these things are only five dollars. They are delicious, but there are like three tots. Order like four servings or something. My entree was the grass fed ribeye, St. Albray fondue, and crushed potatoes. It may have been because I'd been drinking heavily on an empty stomach, but this was one of the best meals I've had in months. Kind of a hip spot, but I would recommend it. Worth the wait.
Some very inventive and delicious cocktails! Four of us took Saturday night seats at the bar and watched a Master (mistress? The Mastress!) build some great cocktails. She was knowledgeable, patient when listening to what we like and what we were curious to try, then she made phenomenal cocktails while putting on the kind of alchemy-inspired show you'd expect in a 5-star joint. Not too sweet (unless you want it that way), as mild or as strong as you like, stacked up flavors that weren't crowded and a damn fine finish. For a date, for a night with friends, to meet some interesting folks (while snacking on bacon-infused tater tots with a sweet pea puree) The Eddy is your spot.
The place was cute and our waiter was nice. But the food was mediocre and over priced. Would not send anyone here. Doubt it will be around longer than 2years.
I had the pleasure of being present for their latest impromptu Dept of Health inspection, lasting 1hr, at the end of which they received an A. We were fortunate enough to get the nook seat across from the bar without a reservation. This is an excellent place for a date or a small group of friends. Dining companion and I had the Bacon tater tots Beef puff Salmon pirelle For the main I had Lamb loin and my dining companion had the Ribeye--which is recommended medium-rare.  Ribeye meat was buttery and flavorful. Lamb was tender and the belly was the sort of thing that I wish I could eat everyday at whim. Also had the Gandy Dancer and it was a slightly savory concoction that I had to pace myself through bc it was so delicious. Service was excellent with spot on recommendations and no-rush dining. Bathrooms are impeccably clean and have ample amenities. I definitely recommend and want to return for sure.
Sister restaurant of  'the wallflower' so say no more . You know you are going to get some great treats here . what we ate ..shared between 3. Bacon tater tots ., not bad for a fiver Crudo scallop - amazing Gnocchi with peas and mushrooms  was pretty tasty Lamb loin -amazing Tile fish with squid ink- anything with squid ink tastes good . for desert we had the Panna Cotta with Rhubarb Ice and sea salt . The Eddy isn't as romantic as the The Wallflower but definitely a great  place to get together with friends and share dishes . Really want to come back and try the tasting menu, wait didn't we just eat everything on the menu already ! Love the drinks here . Service is tip top and non pretentious.
Very good place. Highly recommended. The food and staff are superb! The specialty cocktails are expertly crafted and the food was exquisite. Try the puffed beef tenderloin and the bacon tater tots I'm looking forward to my next visit!
The best Michelin Starred restaurant  in Manhattan without a Michelin Star...  Simply fabulous dinner.  My wife and I had the amazingly affordable tasting menu.  All of the courses were in wonderful fall colors and design.  The service was simply outstanding to go along with a world class meal.  Ambiance is hip, but elegant at the same time.  The bartender was highly creative offering us a cognac based cocktail with apricot and coffee liquors.  A combination that I would not have come up with, but it worked amazingly well.  Our server was very personable and delivered course after courses at an appropriate cadence.  The food was a cross of elegance and seasonal freshness!  All in all, I can't wait to return to the Eddy!  As my good friend Arnold said, "I'll be back!"
latest 'hip' restaurant to hit east village.  if you are looking for a stellar meal, high quality ingredients, cozy atmosphere, then The Eddy is for you.  the space is definitely a bit small, so close, you will feel like elbowing your neighbors.  The food and drinks is undeniably good.  The menu albeit small, is well crafted. It is constructed by small bites, small plates and larger entree style plates.  We ordered a bit of everything and shared.  Absolutely a no fuss place.   Crudo of scallop & the cuttlefish were really, really good and were the stars of the night.  It had all of the elements I was looking for, fresh, crisp, meaty, salty and satisfying.  Next on the list were the bacon tater tots and beef tendon puff.  Heavier and a bit saltier for sure, but they were good.  For entrees, we got the ribeye and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.   Their cocktails are not to be missed... creative, inventive and delicious!
The Eddy has it all-- delicious food, gracious service, and amazing value. We dropped in on a Thursday night after not wanting to wait 2 hours at UpState for a table and I am extremely glad we did! Food & Wine: 5/5 The $58 tasting menu was dish after dish of deliciousness, and truly showcased the Chef's creative flair. We especially enjoyed the fresh sweetness of the crudo of scallop, contrast of crunch and melt-in-your-mouth texture of the beef tendon puff, and the tantalizing pairing of burrata, plutots, yuzu, and crispy chicken skin. The wine pairing was thoughtful, bringing out hidden notes of flavors in the food, and a steal at $50. Ambiance & Service: 5/5 The service was comparable to some of the best fine-dining restaurants in NYC. Our waitress was extremely sweet and attentive. She insisted on replacing my partner's cocktail after she noticed he didn't like it, and gave us multiple tastings of different wines until we found one that we loved. She even gave us a copy of the menu to take home when she saw us taking pictures of it! Value: 4/5 Two tasting menus, two cocktails, and half a bottle of La Rioja Alta Vina Ardanza Reserva was just over $150 before tax and tip. A tad expensive for a weekday dinner, but amazing value considering the experience. We were so stuffed we rolled out of the restaurant, both agreeing that dinner topped a meal at Gramercy Tavern (tavern portion). The Eddy is one of East Village's best kept secrets. The quality and service is Michelin Star worthy-- go before they get one and reservations become impossible. **Tip: Ask to replace the tile fish entree with the steak, it is well worth the $5 surcharge!
I have yet to tour the entrees at the Eddy, but if the small plates and cocktails are any indication...they are going to be as insanely good. The Eddy is a relatively small space. You walk into intimate cocktail area and the dining room is pretty snug as well. It's classy without being pretentious and has a lil bit of eclectic character. The cocktails by Katie, the resident master mixologist Kelvin, and the other gent (forgot his name) are awesome. They hit a lot of subtle notes flavor wise and excel at presentation of the drinks, the glassware, and even the hand carved garnishes. Don't want to over intellectualize a mixed drink, but the experience is excellent and well-rounded from taste, flavors, creativity, and visualization. Good times! Definitely order from their cocktail menu or order a classic cocktail (eg Old Fashioned)--well worth it. Re: small plates. Can't go wrong with Bacon-tater tot, Beef Tendon puff, or the Burrata. You can order these fine dishes in the bar area! Lastly, the service. Awesome. The bartenders are friendly, engaging, and like talking about their craft (making drinks). Take advantage of it. You can learn a lot about the drinks that you're imbibing to the barware they use. For example, there are some badass antique Japanese teacups behind the bar! Kelvin has put together a great experience for fans of spirits and cocktails. He and his team deserve a lot of kudos for keeping the drinks and drink selection on par with the great items coming out of the kitchen.   at the bar, sat next to a hipster in a lumberjack shirt with an upturned moustache. and the guy was not an annoying hipster. the crowd is chill at The Eddy. hope it stas that way. I WILL BE BACK!
