Maybe it's just the demographic of patrons at Redemption, but do they always seem to be playing music that's from the late 90s-early 2000s? I like to believe that I've found my own little nostalgic haven. Great wings, can't go wrong with tater tots, great half price wine specials, always packed.
Although a little small and tough to get seats sometimes , I love this place! Very reasonably priced food and drinks. My favorite Are their burgers and quesadillas.  Had the chicken lettuce wraps once and they were awful (so I won't be getting them again). Other than that a pleasant dining experience in a great location .
Stopped by here for dinner on Friday after leaving Midtown 1015 because I saw that it had some good veggie options.  The place is actually pretty large - with ample seating inside and out.  They have high-top tables all throughout the main area of the bar with stools to sit on. The service is one of the slowest I have ever experienced.  After walking in, one of the waitresses said we could sit down anywhere.  After sitting down for a good 15-20min, we still had nobody approach us regarding a menu.  When we finally asked for food and drink menus,  I had to go find a waitress and actually get them myself because nobody came to drop them off.  Overall, we wasted at least 30min before even ordering our food and drinks.  All the waitresses just stood at the computer next to the bar, hanging out and talking - terrible. We ordered nachos for appetizer, and my friend and I both got burgers.  IF you order an appetizer and an entree here, remember to tell them to bring your app BEFORE bringing your main course.  Our food took forever to come and we were wondering where the nachos were, but we saw the server bring the nachos and both of our burgers at the same time.  There was barely enough room on the table for all three plates, plus our drinks, silverware, etc.  I thought it was common sense to bring an appetizer FIRST, especially when we said we'd have the nachos for appetizer, but I guess here, they don't do that. The nachos were actually very good and I would recommend them to everyone.  It is a ridiculously large portion, so I'd suggest sharing it between 3-4 people...my friend and I barely ate half of the nachos (but that could also be because our burgers were getting cold in front of us).  The veggie burger was...meh.  Wasn't good or bad, but it was really filling.  It's homemade, which is nice, but after eating about a third of it, I just couldn't eat any more.
Improved staff, stiff drinks...this place is coming along.
It is absolutely deadly that Redemption is on my block.  Hello fatness! One insanely hungover Sunday my best friend and I decided we needed to eat ourselves back into sobriety.  Seeing that Redemption is always crowded and a popular brunch spot that does not require much effort to get to, off we went. BEST. IDEA. EVER. YOU NEED TO GET THE BREAKFAST PIZZA, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.  It changed mine.  It's heavy, its' cheesy, it's gooey, it's baconey, it's DEEEEEELICIOUS (and not to mention cheap).  Dear Lord, if I were able to brunch in the heavens every day, this would be on my plate.  There is literally a half an inch of cheese on top of this circular beauty, not to mention the insane amount of meat.  UGH I NEED MORE, NOW, AND I HAVEN'T EVEN FINISHED DIGESTING IT YET.  Curse you, Redemption, why do you do this to me? My friend ended up ordering the burrito which she swears by.  It was big, it was packed with guacamole, and who doesn't absolutely love them avocados? Oh, and if you check in on Yelp you get a free beer.  So yay for Angry Orchard!
Terrible place, awful food and got my delivery order wrong twice. I wish yelp allowed me to give a 0 star review.
Great atmosphere and amazing food! My boyfriend and I had a classic burger which was crisped to perfection and had almost a grilled cheese taste to it, as well as the nachos which had some mix of mozzarella and cheddar cheese melted on top! By far the best nachos I've had in a long time! Plus we got a free beer for checking in! SCORE!!! Oh and our waitress was an absolute doll! Curly hair and cute as can be! Will definitley be back!!!!!
I stumbled upon this place on a Thursday evening looking for a good dinner and beers with a friend. The beers? Yes, we got them. They had a $4 Stella and $3 bud light special, so there's a plus. In terms of food, save your appetite for somewhere else. The quesadilla appetizer was very small and was nothing special. I ordered the chop salad with steak ($5 extra for the steak). The salad looked like it came out of a packaged bag and the steak was probably 4 ounces of burnt meat, probably leftover from a steak sandwich. I'll be back only for a beer or two. Definitely finding dinner somewhere else.
I don't know this place makes me happy. Every spring I make it a point to get here for two things: 1- sangria and 2- their hummus is amazing. As in best hummus in the city. I don't know why it's so good . Overall pretty solid place nice out door seating
I have never written a yelp review but my horrible experience at this bar tonight is causing me to write one. While service started out great, they double charged for my bar order. When I brought it to their attention, I got nothing but attitude back from the bartender. When they finally agreed to void my original check and recharge the correct amount, they failed to give me proof of the void, only the new check. When I asked for proof of voided check, the bartender said "well, obviously it was voided, cant you see?" Well...no...because I had to wait and ask again for a voided check. They slammed it down in front of me. I am still waiting for it to come off my card. That is theft. My friend was ALSO overcharged by a good 40 dollars. Go here only if you want a rude, inept bartender to charge you double what you should be paying and then give you attitude when you can do simple math.
Moved in just down the block, and this is a pretty solid neighborhood spot to have. They have a good deal going on everyday for drinks. Went on a Monday for happy hour with a friend, and beer selection was your usual light beers with a 1-2 craft options in the mix. Sangria is delicious and always buy one get one free (one costs $12). Never too crowded, and great spot to watch sports. Also went there for brunch. Entrees are priced $11-16, with an option for unlimited mimosas and bloodys for another $15. Didn't opt for the drinks, but the food was great.
Redemption is really bad - it's an after work spot for people before they hit Grand Central and go back to Long Island. Why are the beers $8? Why did I not get happy hour prices at 6:30pm? Why do the bartenders wear ear plugs? Do you know how difficult communication is? Why is this place all male? Not fun..
Cool place. Men in suits. Nice loud music. Good food. Great Happy Hour. Great Happy After as well.
Can someone, 17th precinct, shut this crap hole down already?!! Pretty sure it is illegal for them to keep their doors open until all hours of the evening, as well as blast music into the homes of the surrounding community. Not to mention they are just rude and classless. Do not give this place any business, and 17th precinct, maybe look into this bar and how you are allowing it to exist under it's current illegal operations Thanks
I got a buffalo burger. I don't find it much so when I do I get them. It had been sprouts on it. Nothing wrong with it, just different. The waitress was nice and attractive.  But not very attentive. Is that a NY thing? They do doll beer on Wednesday.
Came here because we were hungry and didn't want to look anywhere else during lunch. We sat outside which was a really good idea because inside smelled like a college bar. Our server at first came right away but we weren't ready. But after a long time, even knowing what we wanted to eat, she didnt come back. We thought maybe they were busy or short staff but when i went to use the restroom, 4 server were just hanging out by the server station. When our server finally came to take our order, she didn't write anything down. we ordered chicken wings, two burgers and 2 wine with a free beer if u check in on yelp. Fries don't come with the burger so if they ask, it's extra charge. We never got our wings, but when we asked her after she came back to check on us and we ordered 2 more drinks, she apologized, asked if we still wanted them and we did. She even comp the two drinks we ordered too. The sangria (the last two drinks we ordered) was not good at all. I'll recommend just sticking with beer or whatever else they had. The burger were decent and so were the wings. Our server dropped our check and said because the shift is changing and also asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and she left. We waited, again, for a long time for her to pick up the credit card, but saw her smoking on the side with a group of  the staff.
Unlimited mimosas = immediately on our Saturday morning agenda. Redemption failed to impress, though. Strike One: no toilet paper in the ladies room. In any of the three stalls. It was noon.. Not midnight on Friday night. It's almost like they just did not restock from the night before. Sorry, Redemption, for the paper towels in your plumbing. Strike Two: dirty dishes on the bar. The servers cleared dirty glasses to the bar, between people sitting at the bar, for washing. Isn't that why there's a service bar? Very gross. Strike Three: food was just ok. Huevos Rancheros were watery. And since when are hash browns 50% potatoes and 50% onions and peppers? Sorry Redemption, you're out.
Went there for a happy hour.  It was OK.  Filled with people in their early 20's so if you are young and starting out in the work force this is the place to be.  Since I'm more aged and seasoned I wasn't too impressed.  But I was happy about being able to get a seat easily at the bar (that's of high value to old folks like me).  The bartenders were pretty nice, my male friends were happy by how attractive they were.  Sorry straight females, the staff was all female so no eye candy with the staff in this spot. Drinks were good.  I didn't eat there but they do have an outside eating area.  As for happy hour, if you are young this is a great spot for you.
If you are looking to be transported back to middle school prom circa 1998, challenged met. This place reeks of dirty socks and the staffs over inflated egos makes you question how this bar is still running. One of the bartenders was dancing on the bar like she thought she was in Coyote Ugly... She was just ugly... Nothing more... Aside from the horrible service we received someone had explosive diarrhea in not one but two of the bathroom stalls I entered. After entering the second I gave up and felt it was better just to hold it in. The state of their bathrooms was a perfect reflection of the quality of beer Redemption serves. Crap. My Stella was flat and room temperature warm. Perhaps a mishap, so I ordered a bottled beer which is impossible to mess up. It was right, aside from being a little too warm. The most disturbing part of this bar must be the manager. His dog-like demeanor to all of the women in the bar made everyone feel extremely uncomfortable, and his bacon grease hairdo was of no aid to him. If you want a bar where you can get drunk with trash while listening to mediocre music and being surrounded by overweight middle aged men then this is where you belong. Otherwise do yourself a favor and walk a few blocks further to any other bar. Thoroughly disappointed.
Nothing spectacular about this place but it is my favorite happy hour spot. My friend's a bartender here and the drinks usually come well done. During the summer, there are a ton of interns in the bars near Sutton Place. But in the winter time, the bar is a nice place to throw a few brewskis back. Not a huge beer selection but it suffices.
awsome thrusday night, place was packed to the edges with all kinds of people, from interns to professionals. EVeryone was having fun and chit chatting and mingling with everyone. The staff is great and fast to attend you. The waitresses are super hot.. i mean model like hot and not snotty at all. Drinks are 10 bucks a pop and a bit light. taking a star away for the light drinks.....i will definetly go back and stick to beers :)
I came here  with coworkers for Happy Hour. Food and drink were very good; the selection was extensive as well. Def try the nacho chips here, super delicious. Mozarella sticks are also highly recommended. I'm not a big fan of wings or hummus, but you get the idea, they serve everything. The quality delivered by Redemption is the key :D Our waitor was very nice. In sum, this is the kind of bar I feel very comfortable to be at. I can see myself coming back for more happy hour fun.
My first experience at Redemption was one to forget, a packed bar with one waitress and a completely disorganized staff made for a disaster of a meal during Friday lunch. Me and my friend decided to go back to Redemption for a Sunday soccer game (mainly because it happened to be the only bar on second ave in midtown open at 11am on Sunday) and had a great experience. Their all you can drink bloody's, screwdrivers, and mimosas for two hours for $15 is a pretty surreal deal. Their brunch menu, while not too extensive covers all of the basic cravings one would have at a manageable price. The bartender was about as cool as it gets and even let us drink under the $15 deal for close to 3 hours, all while socializing with us and adhering to our requests of the sporting events that were shown on their TV's. For $30, i walked out stuffed and heavily buzzed.....not too shabby for a Sunday morning!
2-for-1 Sangria round the clock I think and it's pretty decent though not super strong. Good HH spot in Midtown East. Yummy spinach/artichoke dip too.
Service sucked. Tried baller burger with goat cheese and really liked it. Sweet potato fries were very good
Trudging through a record-breaking blizzard in New York City, I sought redemption in form of an adult beverage on Sunday night. Nothing was open along Second Avenue, and I was starting to hallucinate: snow drifts turned into sand dunes at the beach...instead of 50 mph winds burning my face and turning it red, it was the relentless sun. There, that's better. But...I still need a damn drink! Enter the Redemption Cocktail Lounge. Redemption? There's *none* of that up in here! screamed my brain as I looked over the utterly banal cocktail menu that looked like it had been conceived and printed in 1994. This is Manhattan, I assured myself, although the blizzard had me wondering if I had somehow stepped into a black hole that allows for immediate travel to the Jersey Shore (that's what I get for hallucinating the beach. I'll take the blizzard, thank you very much). It bugs me when non native New Yorkers speak disparagingly of "bridge and tunnel" folks, but I'm allowed because I'm a native, so nyah! This place was chock full of 'em.,,,though that's impossible. Like I said, there was the record breaking Christmas blizzard going on and travel between boroughs was all but impossible. So, where did these people come from, pray tell? I would have left as soon as I crossed the threshold and heard the first notes of cheesy bad R&B coming from the PA, but like I said, there was a blizzard and my friend and I were looking for somewhere, *anywhere* at this point, to throw down a few. So, we stayed. I opted for a glass of wine instead of a Sex on the Beach or any other lousy dated cocktail choice from the menu and my friend stuck to vodka/Redbulls. To be fair, service was with a smile (though the bartender was also the waitress and we had to flag her down for service in a bar that was not at all busy). The quest for redemption came to a final standstill once we received the bill. Indeed, we were charged Manhattan cocktail lounge prices for the Jersey Shore experience. I urge you to seek redemption where there is some to be found. And it ain't here, sailor.
** Nightlife Review ** I extensively researched nightlife is NYC through Yelp and help from fellow NYC yelpers. Boy was it tough! Because all places that had nightlife also served food, so you usually had to filter reviews to see if they were based on their food or nightlife? Well, I ended up at Redemption, a small bar on the corner of ----- and had a fabulous time. Being in NYC in December was pretty chilly, so basking under the heat lamps outside of Redemptions small smoking patio wasn't too bad. Drinks were on average ten dollars, so it was fairly cheap by NYC standards. This place is small but wasn't crowded all. Plenty of places to grove and mingle about. I fell in love with their DJ the Friday night I was there. Pumping everything from top 40's, oldies but goodies, and actually being a DJ. Mixing music well and always had the crowd going. My party of 4 were definitely rocking out. Great music always calls for a great time. This bar made me feel like I never left OC. It was fun, drink prices were reasonable and I got to dance without being shoved around. Definitely a place I would come back to. Small dance floor but really, you don't need to be on the dance floor to dance. Yay! This OC girl is a fan!
Believe it or not, I like it when it is hot and I can sit outside at this go-to Midtown East Spot, at this Spot for a shot, cocktail, beer or whatnot. Here's a little insight, I usually start off the night with a tasty light bite and a pregame delight. If eating an appetizer or drinking a Budweiser, the inside's not bad in the cold it's much wiser than sitting outside expecting blazed fire. Instead to be fine you should try a nice wine with hummus I can't deny comes with warm pita every time and cucumbers on the side, its deliciously designed. The DJ rolls tape on weekends til' late and I'll just relate every time I can't hate.
If I was coming here with friends to hang and party, this might be 3 stars since it seems like its usually quiet. But came here for a solo lunch after a meeting nearby and I'm a happy camper.  Quiet enough to relax and people watch, with some pretty good grub. The beer specials were enticing but I wanted something better than regular drafts and Coronas. Was gonna do a salad but then the burgers caught me eye. Had the one with goat cheese and arugula and omg I enjoyed it. I did ask for no aioli and it was on my burger when it arrived but easily fixed with a scrape of the knife. Burger was cooked perfectly and they say it's grass fed. Hopefully it was bc that's what sold me. Maybe it was the perfect weather and sitting outside, but I'd def come back if I'm in the area.
*SUNDAY BRUNCH REVIEW* 3.5-4 The place is kind of grungy looking, but it still is one of my favorite places to enjoy a Sunday brunch. The selection is small, but delicious! AND you get 3 drinks too? I'm hooked! (3 drinks, app, entree, 'dessert' for $20??? Can't beat that) *LOUNGE REVIEW* 2.5-3 It's like any other bar, very crowded, and kind of dirty. The crowd was ok. Luckily my friend had rented out the back room so we could escape the craziness of the main floor. The music is a mix... not the best. I personally would not come back here at night.
The food was bad and the service was even worse. I ordered a sandwich that stated it was pulled chicken with bbq sauce. I got a sandwich with huge chunks of chicken with very little bbq sauce and a bunch of cole slaw on it! I don't know about you but I want my cole slaw on the side, if at all. My friend asked for a well done burger with no pickles or tomatoes. She got a rare cooked burger with tomatoes and pickles. Bc the wait staff didn't bother to check back in on us, she couldn't ask them to further cook it and she could barely choke half of it down. Another friend asked for extra bbq sauce and never got it. He literally had to go up to the bar to ask for it. We all got french fries and only halfway through are meal when the bbq sauce was finally brought to my friend, was I able to ask for ketchup. Any bar serving burgers or fries should have ketchup on the table or bring it with the food. We wrote bad service on our receipt and they will not be getting a chance for redemption.
I've only been here to watch Redskins games, so keep that in mind. Pros: --it's a Redskins bar, so the atmosphere during games is great -- full of fans, the fight song after scores, etc. --the beer is cheap (a huge tower for $15) Cons: --the cheap beer is Coors Light --it's incredibly crowded and the service is kind of slow. Random: --they play music during commercials.  That may be your thing, but I found it annoying. Overall it's a decent place to watch the game, but there are better options (like the Australian).
Celebrated my birthday here a few years back and have gone in for drinks from time to time.  When setting up my birthday and locking down a table for 16, their service was impeccable and friendly throughout.  The manager set us up with an open bar package and we had dinner there beforehand. On a "regular" day, Redemption is a nice low-key place to catch an afternoon sports game, especially during the warmer months when they open up all the windows, providing a nice airy atmosphere for patrons.  It doesn't get nearly as crowded as Sutton Place right nearby, so if you're in the area and looking for a place to sit and relax to a drink and some light bar fare during the day, I'd recommend Redemption.
Came in last night and had a great time. The drinks were really good, we had some good apps too.  The salsa and guac tasted really fresh and delicious.  The spinach dip was also very good.  I had a really awful Tom Collins earlier, so to have it done right was nice.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful. It looked like they were doing some renovations to the back.  I would love to see what they do.  Had a good time and will go back.
They have $3 Bud lite which was exactly what I needed after a stressful day at work and a stressful week in life. By myself, crying, over a beer. Until yelp cigar time. I like that my moment went uninterrupted after I threw my four dollars down. I don't particularly like that it wasn't a full-sized pint. But whatever, beggars can be choosers. They appeared to have some unusual kind of fruit punch on the counter-tops. I didn't inquire to the yellow and red froths but they were intriguing. Honesty gets you nowhere in life. But at least there will always be $3 buds and Redemption.
I came here to catch some World Cup games. It's a classy spot and a good way to avoid all those college kids! Expect a crowd of mostly thirty-something's on a weekday after work, and maybe some twenty-things. My friend ordered the Mac and cheese and absolutely loved it, even the waitress said the Mac and cheese at redemption (any kind) is absolutely delicious. I had a burger with avocado  cheese, mushroom and beef.. Ooh boy it was fulfilling. Lots of TV screens set up so its a chill spot to catch up with a friend or two without the immature college crowd. Classier than other bars down the street. They have both outdoor and indoor seating.
A little bit different than the bars its surrounded by on 2nd Ave... They won't tell you their drink specials unless you ask... so ask! THEY HAVE TATER TOTS.
Brunch was awesome and the wait staff was super attentive. Unlimited brunch drinks for an extra $15 was all the incentive we needed to spend a couple of hours at our fun outdoor table! Try the breakfast pizza ;-)
Well its hard to beat half naked women dancing on the bar...The music was pretty good but the service and atmosphere was kinda got lame after a bit there.  The guys there were all trashed and just waiting for the bartenders to dance on the bar.  The general impression I had of the place is they thought they were better than the rest...and it showed.  What sets them apart is the dancing bartenders but the overpriced drink and a crowded Thursday night put them on par with other bars. Bottom Line: Dancing bartenders are hot...but thats about all the place has going for it.  It'd be a good place to stop on a bar hop.
This bar/lounge/restaurant has SHOCKINGLY delicious food.  We ordered the spinach dip, which by far the largest portion and tastiest spinach dip (and trust me, I have had a lot) I have EVER consumed.  It was delicious! And they will bring you unlimited chips to go with it.  Can't be beat! We also ordered a side pizza which was very tasty, and the nachos.  All were delicious. The service was a bit slow, but not bad.  We got everything we needed.  When we were there it was just after happy hour and really busy, so I think they would benefit to maybe bring in a few more servers during that time.  Although our waitress was a little slow, she was super friendly and helpful, so that went a long way. I will definitely be returning to Redemption!
This place offered exactly what our group was looking for -- shots, beer, boys and space.  We came here on Cinco de Mayo.  Having just left a Mexican joint, we were pleased when we wondered in there.  Not only could you stand freely (we just came from a place where you were breathing your neighbor's air), drinks weren't crazy overpriced.  We got 5 beers and 5 shots for $60.  Wait, maybe that isn't all that great, but again, we had just come from a place that was selling us shitty margaritas in small keg cups for $10.   I would probably never return here, unless I was in the area and happened to stumble in.
It never hurts to have a best friend doing a liquor promotion for pinnacle whipped... or a friend behind the bar... but regardless, without those factors, the odds of me heading to midtown for a drink were slim.  Definitely a win in my book.  The place was nice, clean, and had a chill vibe.  Ample space and TVs for game-watching.   They had a decent cocktail menu and pretty typical food menu.  I had a beets and goat cheese salad that tasted great and fresh and some sweet potato fries.  All up to par. They said there's a DJ and a dance area that I thought might be worth checking out some other time.  Decent prices, good specials and deals, and of course a great staff.
You'd think this place would be screaming depressed since it is a Redskins bar, but the vibe was pretty upbeat. I guess Redskins fans are used to the beatings. (Sorry Ali, had to do it.) The specials are pretty great during Redskins games on beer, wings, nachos and fries. Nachos and fries were great. I realize the sliders are a bargain, but a little lettuce and tomato would go a long way to spruce these puppies up. My one complaint was the beer towers. Even though they were huge, kept cold with ice bags, and readily refilled by the super nice waitresses......they don't clean the nozzles properly (see attached photo - this one wasn't as bad as some) and we had moldy floaties streaming into our beer. Two of the four towers we ordered wouldn't pass a health inspection. The one delivering the free mold floaties we notified our server who was equally grossed out and replaced. Please. Please. Please make this a note of attention to clean going forward. Everything was reasonably priced and the waitresses really were super nice. I had a great time at this bar and would return.
Food 4/5....Short Rib Grilled Cheese and Spinach dip yumm. Decor 4/5...Good set up and lighting. Music 4/5.....Loud for a Tuesday but good. Bathroom 1/5....ewww. Service 1/5....Lost our waitress for a good 30mins. Def an after work spot (suit up!), we got here at 8pm it was packed by 10pm it was empty.
Randomly ran into this place for brunch with a couple of friends.  We were drawn in by the unlimited cocktail brunch offering, but we didn't end up buying into it. I loved their sound track and was pleasantly surprised by the food presentation, large portion sizes and good quality flavor. My three eggs omelet with spinach and avocado was on point. Unlike some amateur this place knew better than to burn my avocado in the omelet but gave me a it as a great garnish on the top of the omelet.
All I have to say is the staff here was AMAZINGLY accomodating for a bunch of crazed lunchtime soccer fans.  Despite the influx of hundreds of people, the hostess and waitresses handled everything in stride staying cool, calm collected and NICE - which in this city is no small feat!  Thanks for a great day!
I have been here now 3 times, so I think its time I conclude this is the worst service I have ever encountered at a restaurant. The food was fine, but it is NOT worth the wait or the price. Who asks if you want fries with that without mentioning FRIES ON THE SIDE IS $3 MORE?! who does that!? What a rip off. My family and I came here and my mom ordered a salad with balsamic vinaigrette. check out this story: -She is brought her salad THERE IS NO DRESSING -She asks if she can get the dressing -after TWENTY MINUTES and me approaching the waitress three times, she finally goes and gets the dressing -ITS THE WRONG DRESSING -she goes again to get dressing -ITS THE WRONG DRESSING AGAIN -my mom has to explain to the waitress which salad she ordered and that its not a cobb salad, its a chicken salad, and shes now brought two of the wrong dressings for a salad she didnt even know my mom DIDNT have. -at this time it has taken my mom HALF AN HOUR to get DRESSING. This place is understaffed. Please hire more waitresses so the service can be at least adequate. Also your barback/ the man who works there is extremely creepy and will sit outside and stare out girls who walk by. I know because I walk by every day. I have seen him be rude and creepy to the waitresses. He needs to be let go.
I have been to Redemption many times, typically for happy hour and while I have never been blown away I have never been turned off either... until today. Came here with three other coworkers for lunch to celebrate a coworkers birthday. We ordered our food right as we sat down (before we were even brought waters). It took 45 minutes for our food to come out (and us bothering our waitress twice about it). Our waitress never checked in or gave us any kind of an explanation until we chased her down, and then we were not given an apology just told that there was only one cook in the kitchen. Then our food finally came out and three of the four orders were incorrect. I noticed my food was wrong right away and tried to tell our waitress and she argued with me telling me that the sandwich did not come with avacado and left. After waiting for about 5 more minutes, I had to get up and track down the waitress and showed her a menu to prove to her that not only 1) my sandwich did come with avacado but 2) it also came with bacon not ham. She tried to explain that the ham on my sandwich was "canadian bacon" and it was described that way in the menu. I once again had to pull out the menu and prove to her that it actually said applewood bacon and not canadian bacon (no apology from her either!). As someone who waitressed and bartended for four years, never have I seen such terrible customer service and lack of apologies. Probably the worst/most apathetic waitress I have ever had. Then it took the waitress calling down to her manager twice and waiting another ten minutes for a manager to come up and comp our entire meal (we all had to get back to work, so I didn't even get a meal at all just my fries). The manager was apologetic and said she will be e-mailing me a giftcard, which I would probably use, but not at lunch time, and if I had the same waitress, I would probably walk out. The one person who's order was correct enjoyed her meal. Moral of the story -- great for happy hour, AWFUL for lunch, avoid at all costs
Basically this is your average sports bar- nothing really special and nothing terrible. The service was okay, our waitress seemed like she was swamped and annoyed. We had the caliente margarita which was not so caliente, eh I didn't really care for it. The beer was good but beer is good everywhere.  My friend had the lettuce wraps which smelled amazing and said it was his go to plate there.
Came here for happy hour but instead spent a couple hours being very unhappy. The service here was terrible and the food was mediocre at best. It took half an hour to get a beer and we waited over an hour for our appetizer order before finally giving up on it (no apology or explanation from the waitress). Bison burgers tasted nothing like bison: bland and overcooked. You'd be better off going to McDonald's. There is no redeeming this joint.
Another bad experience. Came for drinks with a friend, and the chalkboard outside had specials including $4 draft beers and $6 frozen margaritas. Asked the waitress if the specials were still in effect before ordering margaritas. Was served a margarita on the rocks and didn't think twice until the bill came and they were $10 apiece. Thats $4 more per drink because they.. didn't put them in the blender? Bullshit. The waitress knew I was asking about the specials and because I didn't specifically ask for my margarita frozen, gave me the more expensive ones without asking, and without telling me how much they cost. When I asked, she said the manager told her she couldn't change the price, and if I wanted to I could deal with the manager directly. As someone who waited tables for years, I can tell you that a) the customer is always right and b) the customer is DEFINITELY right when you blatantly ignored what she wanted and overcharged her by 60%. To top it all off, we paid $9 for what amounted to four spoonfuls of hummus and some greasy microwaved pitas. The waitresses dress in the tiniest amounts of clothing they can manage, to distract you from the fact that they have no idea what they're doing. The place wouldn't get away with all of this if they weren't the only place around with outdoor seating and no drunk college kids. I will not be returning.
Fun, upscale sports bar with a friendly staff. Only came here for a drink and to watch a game so I can't comment on the food, but would definitely give this place another visit.
Let me start off by saying, this is exactly the type of place I hate. It's small, well lit, crowded, and so straight it hurts. Not necessarily the place's fault; I'm aware that places like this exist in the world, and for some reason, many people seem to like going to them. Still don't know why. The last time I was at a place like this, it was with Rose & Jen at Pride (except we were more in Chelsea, so I felt safer somehow because of that). The minute that place got crowded, we left. I came here because my Joe G. suggested it. I guess he's been here with people after work? I don't hate any option on the east side (it's so random whenever anybody wants to hang out there) so I took him up on it. This was the weekend that St. Patrick's Day happened, so it might also not be fair to hate on this place for being busy and crowded. Many people were out that weekend all over the place. Still, ehhhhh. The bartender was wearing green gloves in the back. There was something slightly offensive about that. Also, we had a nice waitress, but when we came in, we took the only booth there. Which was all the way to the back and to the right. I think our waitress would have checked on us more if she could have actually physically gotten to us. She couldn't, and so we suffered. It was also way too expensive. Especially for where it is, and the time we were there, we kind of got ripped off. Skippable.
I love Redemption!! Although I've moved out of NY, I am sure to make stops here when I can. I normally just head straight to the bar, but I've had the food a few times and thought it was great. The best thing on the menu? The nutella shake served with fried oreos. Amazing! Love the service here too. The bartenders are a lot of fun and super attentive. (It seems that this is why they might have a lot of regulars.) Will definitely keep coming back!
Lunch and happy hour only My decision on a late afternoon lunch quest, Redemption proved a great choice. Not only was the burger superb, but the free tap beer with check in was an added bonus. The "Baller" burger came cooked perfectly to order loaded with fresh arugula and mouth watering smoked bacon, goat cheese, and aioli. Oh jeez... Food coma approaching... Seriously though, the bacon was just crispy enough without being burnt, and and the goat cheese just soft enough to be heavenly.  If I could review the burger only, it'd be 4 stars, maybe 5.  Unfortunately, this isn't a food cart, so... Sitting at the bar, the service is fine, though they could benefit from being slightly more attentive. Beer selection is acceptable considering it's midtown east. And while I normally avoid this neighborhood like the plague, prior to about 5:30pm it's totally a fantastic lunch place and a great pub.  After 5:30, the Top40 gets turned up, and the neighboring conversations about whether or not you wear Hollister begin.  $4 happy hour until 7pm does not make up for such an appalling excuse for bar chatter.  Needless to say, I grabbed my check and took off straightaway. In conclusion, I was almost tricked into giving this place a 4 star rating.  Redemption, you could be something so much better if you kept the number of lame, douchey patrons to a minimum.
Came here with my husband after the Rangers game.  If you're in collage this may be this place for you. Not so much for us.  Drinks are good and the waitress is attentive  but I'm not sure if I'll be back.
Nice suit, suit. It's an after-work bar, that has unadvertised specials, so ask.  Slightly higher end bar in a sea of Irish bars on 2nd Avenue. Waitresses dressed in next to nothing bring in the after-work pinstripes. Fun game to play is to see a group of "work friends" and try to guess what department they are in.  Also spot the boss.  He's the one that keeps saying, "You still on your first drink?" to the young hot girl he lusts after.  He's still got it!  Still crazy.  Pls take your train back up to Connecticut, so your team can actually have fun.  kthxbai!
This place is filled with every guy I went to High School with. Young, 30ish suit types who think they are the masters of the universe. Luckily I was only stopping in for a quick drink before heading out for some eats. On the bright side my Kettle on the rocks was a double and I only got charged for a single.
Ew. Ew.  Ew.  This bar is dingy and dirty, and not in the pleasant, dive bar way.  We popped in on a Sunday night for a quick drink or two and it was slow enough that we had no choice but to listen to the squeaky bartender complain to the squeaky cocktail waitress about a guy ogling her.  Now I would normally commiserate, but she was wearing a low slung tank top and the equivalent of boy short cut underwear.  And it was 30 degrees out.  Hmmm.  Despite glancing repeatedly at our empty drinks, at no point were we offered a refill.  And then it got busy, and all hell broke loose. I get why bars hire attractive staff.  It brings in clientele and that brings in money.  But at what point do you sacrifice competency for looks?  Because these girls had no clue what they were doing once they were actually forced to do something other than stand around.   And the manager?  Just stood there looking dumbly at the ever-growing crowd.  Within 5 minutes, the bartender was screeching about the bar-back, the waitress was running around on the verge of tears, and we'd had enough.   We went down to Opal, where we enjoyed promptly refilled drinks by their competent (and attractive) staff. It's sorta funny that this place is called Redemption, because I couldn't find one redeeming thing about it.
I have NEVER EVER experienced such RUDE service from a bartender in my life, I kindly ordered a drink by tapping my glass and ASKING KINDLY for another "rum and coke" which were my exact words, the bar tender then told me to "f*** off, and I'll tab you out" to say the least she received no tip. She had long black hair and had a skinny, lanky, and horribly placed tattooed boyfriend whom she gave a FREE corona to, right in front of my friend and I. I am highly disappointed in this service because of this bartender, considering I've worked in the food service industry for 5 years and have never seen any bartender whom I've worked with act the way this woman did to a customer. If I had any advice to this bar, it is to FIRE this bartender that treated their potential future customer like crap on 08/05/14 evening and find a bartender who is much more reasonable and kind. Also, I would find a bartender who doesn't give free booze to her boyfriend that does not communicate with anyone else in the bar. What a disappointment, I was going to bring my group of friends coming in next week to this bar for fun but after that experience, never again.
This bar can be kinda dead on some weekdays (i.e. Tuesday) but my friend and I stumbled onto this place on either a Wednesday or Thursday and it was poppin' (do people still say that?). The drinks are pretty standard and cheap. The food isn't great (not a fan of the tuna tacos but the nachos were good). But they do have an AWESOME DJ that I secretly want to steal for parties at my house.
Stopped by here on Tuesday with KH and had a good time... The place is clean with decent specials which lasted all night: $5 absolut drinks $4 sam adams draft Gotta love a place that's easy on the budget and comfortable as well.  So there's no need to subject yourself to a dive bar for cheap drinks when you can come here...
There's a reason it isn't crowded.  That reason is the way too drunk tool at the end of the bar who is sweaty and hugging strangers.  Or it could be the couple wildly groping and sucking face.  Or it could be the twenty six Rihanna songs in a row. Or, you can hide in a corner and reap the benefits of five dollar veryyyy potent apple martinis.  The only reason to hang by the bar is to watch the ditzy bartenders unsuccessfully try and hit on guys that are clearly gay. Eh. Sidenote: They are ridiculous at the door.  Two of my guy friends got rejected for being "too drunk" and wearing sneaks.  Another for wearing a beater.  Hi.  You're a bar in Sutton.  Not a club. It's one of the weirdest places I've ever been to.  Mostly because it is literally half decorated like a sports bar with TV screens and leather stools and half lounge with red lighting and big sofas with an area for dancing.  It can't seem to make up its mind.  And neither can I.  Cheap drinks really do cloud my judgement.
I can only speak on Happy Hour, but I speak on it fondly.  I've been to Redemption a few times and explore it from different angles: sitting at the bar, sitting at a table inside, and sitting on the patio.  Each time I have been here has been with girlfriends and we have received great service every time (which does not always occur with a female-only staff and female-only customers).  The past two times I went to Redemption, I used a gift certificate, which did not seem to affect our service in any way.   Happy Hour: Great services, great atmosphere, good drinks.
I've been here twice, both randomly in an attempt to find a cool spot in the low 50s.  Both times I had the same experience. Service:  POOR The first time I went, it was a bit crowded so I cut the waitress some slack.  But she took a while to take our first drink orders and then my friend got a beer for her second drink which was completely skunky and disgusting.  It took so long to flag down the waitress to replace this one and forever for her to come back with a new one that I had already finished my second drink.  Then it took another 20 minutes or so to flag down the waitress to get the check.  We eventually found her laughing and enjoying herself with a crowd of people near the back -- her friends?  Some patrons?  Who knows.  In any case, we were unable to get her attention for a very long time.  So frustrating! Last night, a Monday, there were much less people there and my friend and I were sitting at a relatively empty bar with 2 bartenders not serving anyone at the time.  However it took 10 minutes for anyone to notice me even after we tried making eye contact and waving.  They were simply standing there chatting and cleaning things.  One of them looked my way at one point but then turned around.  Finally my friend put both hands up and waved them around frantically until someone came and asked if I wanted a drink.  Very annoying!  The service picked up after the first drink and the bartenders were actually very sweet, but I was already coming in with a bad memory from my last experience so this didn't help at all. Atmosphere:  GREAT It's not divey but not too pretentious either.  Crowd is all over the place, I've seen early 20s folks as well as senior citizens dining there.  We haven't had trouble finding seating the two weekdays we've been.  Happy hour specials seem to run late too -- they've got $4 Bud Light drafts and 2-for-1 sangria, which I found tasty (chock full of mashed up strawberry).  Last night the music was excellent.  They played all the hits from the 90s and my friend and I were reminiscing and singing along.  I'm not sure the other patrons appreciated the music as much as we did, but it didn't seem to bother them either.  Backstreet Boys, Ace of Base, Real McCoy, Sugar Ray, Montell Jordan, TLC...we loved every bit of it.  We even went to another bar and came back just so we could hear more songs.  The good music definitely helped me forget about the poor service from earlier.
Came here because all the outdoor seating were taken and this place seemed empty. LORD BEHOLD. thank you for occupying the other 90896987834 bars in this area. 2 for 1 sangrias! A tad bit sweet but awesome. You can tell they marinaded their fruits overnight in this bad boy. Our waitress is so sweet too! She was on top of the 2-1 and made sure we knew that we had to drink our second one for each one we ordered. When I left, we had an extra one so I told her to give it to a different table for a girl and tell them it was on her so she can earn more $$$ ;D Had the cheese fries. GLUTTONY. but gimme. Braised short ribs cheese melt. Simple. Plain. INGENUIS. so soft and tender and melts in your mouth. I cannot get over this. Marry me soon? Cobb salad. Went without the blue cheese.. Came out without avacado.. so sad :( i love me some buttery avacado but I am not one to complain. Subsituted the turkey for some grilled chicken. yums.. so close to my workplace. will return again one day. and not because the seating at the other places are taken. girls here are cute. i love me some cute girls. eye candy galore for me :D
I'd been curious about their brunch offering, having noted their prix fix brunch offering with the 3 mimosas/screwdrivers/bloody marys - something not too common in Midtown. Figured even though the reviews were mixed, it was worth trying once. When we arrived there, they'd just opened and it was basically just us there. The music was fun and upbeat, but a bit loud for an empty restaurant relatively early (haha noon) on a Sunday. Service speed was fine (I was curious based on the reviews I'd read). Mimosas were a bit heavy on the OJ. My french toast was ok in my opinion. They didn't quite pull off the raspberry rum batter that it was supposed to be soaked in. It just seemed to make it a bit soggy for my taste. I asked for syrup to eat along with the berry topping and was instead provided honey. Mmmm not the same. My friend did say her omelet was quite good and they had a wide variety of options for you to include in your omelet. So perhaps the place would be better for those of you into brunch items of the egg-y variety!
I stumbled in to Redemption after a girls dinner, and was hoping to get the party started! This place treated us like rock stars! The bouncer was nice enough to let us all in without any problems, as well as gave us (5 girls) drink coupons! We then went to the back, were able to sit at a table because they had just opened the back area, and then some drunken men decided to buy us shots for the rest of the night. Awesome! I did not spend any money here at all. Amazing! The music was also really really good on a Saturday night, everyone was dancing, and everyone seemed to be having an amazing time. This place also isn't strict, I was a little wild and started dancing on the chairs and no one seemed to mind (then again the waitresses were dancing on the bar). The place is small, but it's very welcoming, I can't imagine anyone not enjoying themselves here. This is definitely not a a place to stay at all night, we were only here for 2 hours but it did the job! We danced, drank, had a good time, and off we went to other places. Will definitely pass by again!
This is a great spot for drinks and/or dinner after work. I love the food here! The space is tight and too dark for weekend partying.
It's true, the bartenders here are hot. If you have absolutely no game and not enough money to hit up the strip clubs, come here.
I went here for brunch exactly once, and that was one time too many. We should have been clued in by the fact that we were the only people in the restaurant. In spite of our being the only people there, service was painfully slow, and it seems to be the kind of place you should go to at night, when candlelight can mask the accumulated scunge. When my omelet finally arrived, I found that they had forgotten to put the jalapeno I ordered into the omelet itself. It seems the kitchen remembered too late, and rather than remake it properly, they mounded raw jalapeno on top of the omelet and masked the error with two crossed strips of bacon I DIDN'T order over the top of the jalapeno. Now, I believe that nearly all of life's problems can be solved with bacon. Just  not this one.
Around 9ish, we were in the neighborhood and went here last night for a quick drink, so I can't really comment on the food.  The two-for-one $10 sangria was a good deal - the white was blech, but the red was better - not the greatest though.  Security was REALLY nice when he checked out IDs, and the server was very polite, attentive, and patient (answered any questions we had).  The place was dimly lit and pretty nice (not too crowded), and although the music may have been a bit loud, it wasn't too loud where we had to scream our conversation.   My half-hour experience was pretty nice, and my reason for giving such a low rating is that the place just isn't my scene - mostly young males in their 30s suited up (you know how that goes).  If I'm in the neighborhood, I'd give it another go, maybe try some of the food, but it's not really a go-out-of-my-way kind of place.
Redemption's three star rating on yelp is dead-on. The bar is fine, the service was actually great, and the drinks were fine, but this feels like every bar in the 50s along second ave. I literally went to Opal once for drinks (which is a few blocks down) and coming here I couldn't tell the difference. I came on a Tuesday, and the one thing I do like is that they have a rotating happy hour each day. Tuesdays are Tiki Tuesdays which meant half off nachos, and patron margaritas.  That puts nachos at $6 and the margarita at $7.  The nachos were great actually, big portion that three friends easily split. A good deal for the happy hour. I really liked the bartenders and the waitresses. They were all very friendly, and were pretty good at making sure we had everything we needed. The two for one sangria was very good, and comes in a pint (!) glass. Overall the bottom line is this is a good option if you are in the area, much better than the horrid Traffic, I just wish it had more character.
I am going to keep this one simple and to the point... The Happy Hour ROCKS! I have NEVER had White Sangria as good as I have had here, and now sadly judge anywhere else on it! The Red Sangria is on my top 10 in NYC! Their Burgers are VERY good, and the vibe is good. It is a nice after work spot, and on the weekends is  great early day chill spot! (Not sure if they do brunch, but would assume they do!) Definitely a good spot to chill on a weekday!
The only reason I ventured into Redemption is because it's a Michigan bar and during football season, the other U-M bars become douche-buckets. But this place was chill, had seats available, and plenty of TVs. One thing stood out to me about this place, though. The Wings. Oh Lordy, those delicious wings, juicy with sin and calories...and that blue cheese dressing was their sultry accomplice. I couldn't indulge in those wings the way I would've behind closed doors. I was sitting at a table with three calorie-counting-classy-chicks. They looked at the wings in disgust as I wiped the drool from the corners of my mouth. They saw my lust and I'm sure, judged me. So I held back. I had two, maybe four. Then I pulled back. And I regret it to this day. I'm sure I'll find myself one night, half asleep, RUNNING to Redemption BAREFOOT. It will probably be at about 4am on a Tuesday, I'll find the doors locked, and I will crumble to my knees and sob on the doorstep....for what could've been.
This is an awesome bar to watch the Redskins games! The energy and the crowds are great. Everyone is nice and festive. There are also great food and drink specials. I highly recommend coming here to watch the games. Make sure to come early if you want a table or to sit. Go Skins!
Really great happy hour deals and one of the best bar kitchens in the area but the service is absolutely horrendous. It's a shame they have a large staff but only a few waitresses are competent.
For what this place is, it's great. I've been here twice. Once on a crowded Saturday night which was not really my thing. I also came here for happy hour last week which was a better experience. We sat outside since it wasn't too hot and ordered cosmos for happy hour. The drinks were a little too sweet for my taste, but they weren't bad. The food was really good considering it was bar quality and the servers were friendly and didn't ignore or hover over us. I will come back.
Good hummus, affordable drinks (Three Olives special!), friendly barstaff, not enough wiggle room, though, to navigate the rest of the space. Would definitely come back for a happy hour.
This is a nice place to head to after work. They always have good drink specials and the food is pretty good.  The wait staff was prompt, attentive and helpful.  I went to this place with my bff and we enjoyed it very much.
Place is okay. Server was very nice. Drinks were so-so. Food okay. Nothing to write home about. Not boycotting the place, but not rushing back to it either.
I went there on a Wednesday night, and it wasn't very crowded. The bartenders seemed tired.
This was a nice place for lunch. We sat outside and had burgers and salad. Service was a bit slow, but the waitress was very polite. Burgers were delicious and the fries were homemade and hot and crispy.
First off the place was "manned" by three drop dead georgeous female bartenders.. Cosset like referee shirts and painted on pants! Big on smiles and conversation but not so much on service...     If they spent a little more time on memorizing drink components and how to pick up a bottle of booze, I would still have a hangover!  More time was spent on dancing with each other and random flirting... The only sense of urgency was when it was time to switch over to the night bartender. Three young ladies worked the day bar up front with a fourth at the back bar but at 4pm, one real female bartender ran the entire bar! Emily was awesome!     A ton of large flat screen TVs and all were on the Redskins Football game! I never thought I would be that guy to ask where the nearest Redskins bar was! Small patio with seating for 10 people was available but the server was less than enthused about. going outside with that skimpy outfit on! I would go again for the view but I would have a few drinks before I got there!!
Redemption is fun. The bartenders are quick, the drinks are good. The guy at the door, though, is another story. It's the same dude, I believe, that works every Friday and Saturday, and he kind of seems to hate his life. My friends went outside for a cigarette, so I joined them, and the door guy wouldn't let us back in. Now, this was around 3am, granted, but that still gives us an hour until last call. His reasoning was that he wanted to go home exactly at 4 instead of having to kick people out, so the fewer the people inside the bar, the easier his life is. The bartenders are hot, but they're all about the tips.
Don't come here for the food. $4 gameday drafts might entice some of the sports fans out there.  Other than that this is the epitome of crummy midtown east sports bars.  Achingly slow service.  Meh.
Great happy hour deals if you work around the Neighborhood! Prices can get pretty steep after HH. I think they have great Nacho's try it. Conclusion nice chill spot for Brunch and HH.
I met up with a friend for drinks and talk and I enjoyed my time here. I mean, sitting outside in the summer is always good and even though it was pretty busy already we had no problem finding a spot. They also let you smoke (which is great in my book ;)), and our drinks were pretty good also. We also split an apetizer etc. and they were fine with it. Service-wise, quick and our waitress was pretty cute. And probably got hired cause of her looks. ;) Hell, I'd hire her. Not saying that she was not nice and not try very hard, but she spilled the drinks when she brought them. Anyway, seems like a nice place ot hang out late during the week. Lots of work people, and pretty young folks all in all.
In terms of the food, this is my favorite bar-food lounge in the east 50s. And that says a lot, considering there's a million other similar spots in this part of town. I highly recommend the sangria, their spinach and artichoke dip, and the basil chicken sliders. WOW the food is good. They give you a LOT of dip and it doesn't harden and turn cold quickly like a lot of other dips. It actually stays creamy and it's really, really good. The chicken sliders were also amazing, and definitely something different. There's an Asian spin on these sliders with the basil, and it's a little sweeter than your traditional chicken salad. My friend and I order these with sweet potatoes fries, which were also cooked to perfection. They weren't greasy at all and for "fries", were incredibly crisp and light. Overall, very fresh and tasty bar food. Highly recommended.
We were simply looking for a place to watch football, eat wings, and drink beer.  And while one can do all of these things here, there is nary a redeeming quality here.  The wings, while tasty, were far overpriced.  The beer selection was limited, at best.  The waitresses, while working at a supposed "cocktail lounge", seemed to have no idea how to make any.  In fact, when we ordered an Old Fashioned, they told us that they were "out"?  And also out of Maker's Mark.  When we ordered a Sierra Nevada bottle, which was displayed on the bar, we were told that they didn't carry it.  As a reasonable alternative, I kid you not...the bartender suggested ODOUL'S as a similar alternative.   There are plenty of places in midtown that are surely better to watch games at.  I suggest that you go to any of them over Redemption.
A pretty chill lounge. Bar in the front of the room and seating in the back of the room. Our waitress is really attentive and brought out our drinks quickly. Just one small thing that bothered me about her. Please don't call me "honey" if you don't know me. That's really uncomfortable. I ordered the Queen Mambo. I'm a bit of a wimp so I asked for it to be sweetened up a bit when I had my first taste. They gladly added some more sugar syrup for me. It's a pretty good drink.  Prices are standard. My cocktail cost me $12. It was actually not too crowded on a Saturday night but I noticed this is an older crowd.
Hit or miss. Definitely need to hit it on a Wednesday-Saturday(or drinking Holiday of course), otherwise it will surely be dead. Good place to chill back and kick a few cold ones! The bartenders are real friendly and laid back. Food: I've had the quesadilla. It was good. Drinks: about average for the area. Overall: good place to chill back, maybe get a beer and some food. There are better places to meet women, if that's what you're going for though, cause it's not always busy.
Great vibe! A real good night out. Good music and friendly staff. The bar is typical of Manhattan where everyone chats to one another.
The brunch from hell. After a night of heavy drinking, me and two of my friends headed over to redemption for some brunch.  This not so crowded spot had what seemed like a good deal.  12 bucks for breakfast which included coffee. The waiter dude took our order and came back maybe 20 minutes with our food which was cold, just like the coffee.  One of my friends got the wrong omelet and my other friend asked for 3 eggs and bacon and received 2 eggs and no bacon.  We sent it both back and in another 10 minutes the food came out better, but still kinda wrong (wrong type of bacon). Our small ass coffees were never refilled and neither were our waters.  No apologies, no nothing.  This place really f'n sucked. So we complained and got 25% which was great, but then we got the bill and there were 8 dollars in extra charges.  They charged us for the coffee and coke that was supposed to be included.  By this time we were pissed. We didn't feel with dealing with them again so we just subtracted how much they overcharged us for and left the proper amount. The staff was not happy about us and accused us of BEING GAY as an insult.  People reading this who still decide to go there have no respect.  He then accused us of being 13 or something.  I mean, it was unbelievable.   I would never go there ever again and I hope you do the same. If you even need to know.  The food sucked too.
This bar is in an area I always dread having to go to... and is full of bars with B&T crowds i just don't always enjoy... and I always come here with rather low expectations (based on the area bars)... and always walk away having a great time. Good, not overpriced drinks.... decent drink specials for various events.. a DJ/sound system that allows conversation to happen (sorry - this isn't the type of place for loud music and dancing.. there's no place to dance here!) to EXTREMELY friendly waitresses and a line that moves pretty quickly (when there's a line) and actually very friendly bouncers... to a good and young looking crowd... I really enjoy every time I come here. This isn't a bar that'll please all types of bar goers, but if you are going with a large crowd.. and some of them want an upscale place.. and others just want a bar to party at.. this place is always a good compromise. Except they don't allow you to wear hats (and vigorously enforce that policy).. which kinda sucks when you are trying to watch the yankees here (no biggie - plenty of other bars to serve that purpose)
The nachos are bomb! Awesome drink specials!!!
Love this place for 1 reason: dancing space! It's very hard to find a bar in the city with dancing and leg stretching room... 3 stars, here ya go! Also, DJ's are good and low maintenance so you can request music without offending anyone. Oh, you can't dance on the bar... I already asked :)
I work in midtown and have wandered in to redemption a quite few times for after work cocktails, and also recently for brunch. The food is always great. The grilled brie and date jam is awesome.  The perfect balance of cheese and date jam. It also comes with fries and they are equally good.  I have also had the hummus which is another favorite.   The brunch is a really good deal for the UES -  $20 for brunch that includes 3 cocktails! I was super excited to see this. Plus they don't over pour the oj for the mimosas. The bar is always busy, and its usually filled with more men than women. The music is always good. They usually play a nice mix of 80's and 90's with a little current pop.    All in all, a good after work place with even better food!
This is a great neighborhood bar. I celebrated my 29th Birthday here on a thursday night and reserved a table. After a lot of hesitation from people about the place, it turned out to be great. the waitress was super attentive and got everyone a drink very quick and followed up each time a glass was empty. the appetizers were good, your typical bar food- chicken fingers, mozzerella sticks, etc and very affordable. I give 5 stars for our waitress!!! she was very attentive to everyone and allowed everyone to pay seperately, open a tab or get a bill. It was such a fun night. My only complaint, like so many NYC bars, the bathrooms are downstairs and really small. If your looking for a decent happy hour spot that is not over priced (no $18 drinks here) and is not an irish sports bar in midtown, go here.
Had specials posted on the door and throughout the bar for NFL playoff games ($20 for three beers and and appetizer, $15 for a beer tower, etc.).  For some reason, they wouldn't honor the specials during the Ravens/Steelers game on 1/15/11. The TVs were plentiful and were in HD. The server was friendly, but as I mentioned didn't honor the specials. I won't be returning.
Cold Sunday , the place was warm and comfortable .  Good lighting and lines of sight for viewing sporting events on televisions . Cute girls working the bar do a good job.  The appetizers are pretty standard .  Little flies buzzing around especially in the restroom.
Wait times are amazing, in a terrible way.  The amount of time my ticket has been "lost" at this place is really unprecedented.  There's almost always some kind of server/kitchen miscommunication or screwup.  Unfilled water for 15 minutes?  Check.  Server not getting us our check for 10 minutes?  Check. Sad thing is, the food is quite good.  If they get your order right.
Enjoyed a good brunch with bottomless Mimosas.  The brunch itself was tasty but when we saw the woman on the table near us order dessert we had to do the same. Enter the Fried Oreos w/ Nutella Shake!  Definitely one of those forbidden pleasures in life that my arteries and sugar levels would've been better off not knowing about but my soul will never be the same again!  Must have... A 2 hour limit on the mimosas was sufficient to say the least!
I have only been here twice and only on my lunch break. I work very close by so I appreciate having a quiet spot to have a glass of wine to break up the mid-day madness. The service has always been fine, though there are never more than 3 other people in the place. The bar-tender is actually very friendly and personable. I Usually get the humus plate and have no complaints. It tastes fresh and the pita is always served warm. It's a place i'll definitely return too.. but probably only for my lunch break!
Short summary: Some of the worst service we've had in quite a while, drinks were wrong, tab was wrong, food was slow and tasted like something from under the heat lamp. Service: Server was not well-trained or did not seem to be paying close attention. Several orders either wrong or missing, and bill was incorrect. Atmosphere: Beer pong was being played near us, eventually loudly shut down by a manager. There was an air of unprofessionalism here that seemed out-of-place given the higher-end look and feel of the establishment. Despite the small crowd at the hour we attended, the noise level was very high. Food: The menu choices seemed reasonable, and some even sounded like fairly original preparations of classic pub fare. Unfortunately, upon experience, only one of our 5 dishes tasted passable, with fairly fresh ingredients and preparation. The remaining items (burgers, sliders, club sandwich) were all very dry and unflavored. It was clear that the good one (which took twice as long to arrive) was the only one freshly prepared, and the rest had been lying around for quite a while before we arrived. Experience: Our party showed up a little after 11, and we were told that the kitchen closed at 12. We immediately gave our orders so they would have plenty of time (very simple, some sliders, burgers, fries and a club sandwich). 3 of the items we ordered were no longer available, so we compromised due to the later hour and ordered other things. The server came back to our table no less than four times to re-confirm who ordered what, and we had to ask for water glasses and place settings, since we never received any. When the food started arriving, my wife's order was missing. 5 minutes later, the server returned yet again, asking what she had ordered. We waited another 20 minutes for her order to finally arrive, and the server tried to explain it as the "kitchen taking too long." Hers was the freshest out of all of ours, so it was obvious what happened: She completely forgot to put it in with the kitchen. Our friend whose drink was never delivered was still charged for it, and so we had a talk with them, and had it fixed, plus my wife's meal was free for having taken so long. We left a 15% tip grudgingly. In the end, one of us got decent food but had to wait twice as long, and the rest of us got food that was just barely edible. Our server was completely spaced-out and clearly needed to write things down better (or at all). I have a strong suspicion that despite the fact we were there during the hours when the kitchen was open, they were trying to close down early and so we got the short end of the stick. Suffice to say, we're not going to risk trying again; we'll find somewhere else to go.
Terrible dining experience.   I went here with my friend (who has a very serious dairy allergy) and we literally had to each send our food back twice.  To put things into perspective, I never send my food back unless there is something seriously wrong as I know how food service works and I would rather not have bodily fluids mixed in with my meal. I ordered the grilled cheese with spinach and pancetta (standard menu item) and she ordered the veggie burger. After explaining her food allergy to the waitress, she certified there would be absolutely no dairy in the burger.   When we were served, her burger was covered in cheese and my grilled cheese didn't include spinach nor pancetta!  At this point the waitress willingly took our food back to the kitchen. When the bus boy returned with our food, my sandwich still didn't have pancetta and my friend's bun was heavily buttered.  Good thing she inspected it before biting in otherwise they would have surely had a lawsuit on their hands. We complained to the bus boy and he took her burger back but insisted I was lying about the absence of pancetta in my sandwich.  I took a bite to inspect and still no bacon.  When the waitress returned, she said that all the buns come with butter after previously assuring us the dish was 100% dairy free.  When I told her about my sandwich, she put her hands out as if she was about to open my sandwich in front of me to inspect for pancetta.  She caught herself, however, and made me open my sandwich and pick through the glob of spinach to prove to her that there was no pancetta.  Finally, after much convincing, she took it back. My friend ordered a salad instead, which was OK.  When she returned with my sandwich, it still had my bite mark in it.  I let that go. Too much trouble for a grilled cheese that was just lightly toasted bread thrown in the microwave to melt the cheese. When our bill came, we got nothing free and were actually charged higher than the menu price for our fries.  I asked the waitress to speak to a manager and she said she didn't know who the manager was that night.  Finally, the bartender showed up and took the two entrees off our bill (only reason why this review gets any stars at all).   Our satisfaction with this bill adjustment wore off after we had to walk up to the waitress a half hour later to ask for our change.  She was too busy dancing by the bar to realize we needed change -- or she assumed we wanted to leave her a large tip for her great service. Found out the waitress and the chef are both new.  Too bad. Go there for the 2 for 1 sangria.  But that's it.
PROS: The crowd is great There is room to dance The drink prices are great! CONS: There was barley any modern music what so ever!
This place is GREAT! I'm from the DC area and I've been looking for a place to watch Redskins games...and boom! This place is perfect. GREAT FOOD! GREAT PEOPLE! It gets crazy packed, so get there early.
I wish this place was a bit bigger but they've def stepped up their game.  Especially with half off the Prosecco on Friday!!   Their food is very good as well.
Love this spot new spot
i recently stopped by after work with some girl friends. We work near by and always enjoy Redemption.  We sat outside and the waitress was nice enough to make sure the heat lamps were on so we could stay outside and enjoy ourselves. The food was great especially the nachos. $4.00 Stella drafts were great and our waitress was pleasant and attentive. It had been a while since I had been there, but I will be back soon.
It can get crowded but they are ultra accommodating and the waitresses and hostess are sweet and not pretentious.  They have GREAT happy hour specials from 12-7 and then 9 or 10-til close.  Service can get slightly slow, probably due to the large crowd but you can even tell a bus boy what u want and they will make it happen.  If you are on a budget and want a lively atmosphere go here!
I'm sorry, but any bar/cafe/restaurant that won't let you in if you're wearing sneakers on a Saturday night is total BS. A 5 dollar cover on top of that, and to walk into a sausagefest and a couple women with incredibly low standards. I went in looking for a friend that we split with earlier to tell him we'd be down the street at a pub. It was not insanely crowded and there was more space than Local across the street. There was just way too much posturing. It seems like the other reviews here are mainly for brunch, which I'm sure is a good value, but I'd probably just stay away from the area completely if I had a choice about it. I just can't differentiate between places like this, Mercury Bar, Local across the street, etc.
I saw someone get proposed to here on a BAR CRAWL and my first thought was, I truly hope you met at this bar and it holds a great amount of significance for you.  Otherwise, if a guy ever proposed to be at a bar in front of dozens of other people, on a bar crawl no less, I would be pretty disappointed.  Maybe that's just me. Not bad, smallish place.  Nothing stands out.  Think the drinks are on the cheaper side.
So I've only ever been here for HH never actually considered it as a w/e night kind of place. Went Saturday nightand had sooooo much fun!  Don't know if it was the flow of Grey Goose, group of African American mamas shaking their bootys and having the time of their lives or the dj spinning pop/dancey top 40s music with some rock flashbacks but somehow it all worked and I had a great time.  Cheers.
HOOORAAAY for making this a Redskins bar!!!! The food & drink specials here are amazing! The servers are super friendly and sweet. If you guys need me you can always find me on Sunday afternoons in the corner booth towards the back of the lounge!!!
I'm only giving it one star because of the food. Other than that... The service was terrible!!!! We had to get up every time we wanted to a drink because our waitress was too busy flirting with the bartender. I will never go back again!!!
Great place!  They host some of our breast cancer foundation fundraisers and have been great to us.  Excellent finger foods, good vibes, and plenty of married men hitting on you!  What more could you want, eh?
It's a nice place, nice bar. But I can't rate it higher than 2.stars because of the prices here. It's just too expensive and there are tons of other places in walking distances, just as nice and cheaper. $8 for a Heineken and $1 tip....$9 for a beer? No thanks...
Redemption is an ok after work bar, its always packed with some of New York's best looking girls who are looking to enjoy a drink and talk it up with just about anyone. The bar is always 4 or more deep, hence getting a drink is nearly impossible. The Irish/Lounge scene is a little unusual and the people can give all a headache. Although some of the best looking professionals come here after work its not worth the hassle of getting a drink and not being able to hold a conversation. I give it three stars for the scene, the rest is just your typical New York bar, with a good crowd.
this was good till the bar became a redskin's cave. we are in new york. it is sacrilegious to turn off the giant game during the 4th quarter. go to dc people.
You would never think it but this place has a great brunch and you get 3 complimentary cocktails. What more could you want on a Saturday or Sunday morning. The wait staff is very nice and while is not the fastest service you'll ever have what's the point of going to brunch if you're in a hurry.
Worst bloody marry I had in Manhattan.  Food was good.  Price makes it a good choice for brunch.
Noisy and full of office crowds on their way back to the subs.
This place worked out fine for me on a rainy sunday afternoon. The snack food was OK to good (tuna sliders with sweet potato fries), the beers went down well (drafts at only $4 a pop on a funday sunday afternoon...). The bar itself seems a little confused in terms of what it's trying to be. Outside, the awning proclaims lounge / bar / grill whilst another says it's a cocktail-bar / cafe. Inside, it seems to be half lounge, half sports bar. Call me a dirty old man, but as an early thirty-something guy who would rather be a late twenty-something, the youngish waitresses/barmaids' minimal dress sense and general cuteness appealed to me. And after 3 hours avoiding the rain (which had probably stopped after half that time), I was pleased to see that some of the beers hadn't actually made it onto the bill, which combined with happy hour prices made it a very affordable visit. This is not a 4 or 5 star place but I may be back at some point, nothing major wrong with it and a change from Opal and others in the area. I haven't actually been on a busy weekend evening so time will tell.
Let's start with the bartender sticking his entire hand in the sangria vat to make our drink. After sending that back we just should have left.  Then the sign states 4 dollar micro brews. It doesn't say anything about just bottles. So our very small draught beers were 8 a piece. Never be back an I suggest you do the same.
Good after work/class drink spot. There is plenty of room and seating, and various drink deals each day of the week, specifically wine Wednesday's! The service was exceptional, and the waitresses are good at keeping large group checks organized. The food is really good, and also at a good price. The nachos are amazing and plenty large enough to share with a group of friends. Lots of appetizer options and delicious sandwiches. Cool lounge vibe inside as well.
Awesome unlimited brunch!  Sit at the bar and you will never have an empty glass.
This place is a dump!!!! Do not go here! Over priced drinks dirty small bathroom teenage kids.. It's the worst.
Oh Redemption - I so badly wanted to like you!  You have so much potential, but everything just came up a tad short: 1)  Drinks were typically-priced for a "lounge" in NYC - $7 for Stella on tap.  Sour attitudes from the bartenders (or at least the two I interacted with).  They also refused to honor the I'm Not At Work discount card that one of my friends had.  Not sure about the actual logistics of the card, but come on - it was his BIRTHDAY!  Bottom line is that this isn't the kind of place I'd swing by for a drink because sitting at the bar here was just kind of unpleasant. 2)  Music was pretty good - standard Top 40 pop and dance fare.  Too bad nobody else in the bar was dancing except for a couple in the corner grinding/groping each other.  We tried to start our own dance party, but we were in the direct path between the stairs to the bathroom and the rear bar exit.  Dance party fail. 3)  The crowd was chill (minus the obligatory Friday night stumbling drunks).  The only problem was that the place somehow went from being crazy packed when we arrived around 10PM to being half-empty by 11PM.  Add the sting of our failed dance party, and we were ready to find another bar by then.
Was in NYC for a Yanks game this past weekend (live in Boston). We were staying at the Marriott on Lexington and decided to have our own bar crawl. After about 3 places we stumbled upon Redemption. They have outdoor seating which is always nice on a beautiful summer night. The waitresses were hot, which was a big plus for my single buds.  Unfortunately, some of them (not all) got the job for that reason only. The drinks were ok, the food was ok. For some reason, however, the talent coming in was awesome (again, big plus for my single friends). I think there may have been a private function going on. We stayed for a while and they ended up heading over to Suttons (not any better but they have the rooftop deck). I
Redemption at least in my view has redeemed itself. Now even though i am a native new yorker i am very anti midtown, in fact extremely anti midtown, the only time i suck it up and tolerate this tourist trap is when I'm heading to a meeting, showing out of town friends the tourist area, or eating some where new, other than that the bridge and tunnel midtown nightlife asshats despise me. This hangout is right down the street from the dreaded Turtle Bay and next to Sutton Place. Honestly its convenient because it's right near grand central and since many people run to Turtle Bay, Traffic, Sutton Place, not to many people run to Redemption, and if it gets crowded I'd say normally withing 10 minutes it starts to simmer down. Its not a big space by any means but it's a nice pre game spot or if you want to relax and stay close to midtown or near Grand Central then it works out. The drink service is pretty good and the bartenders aren't jerks like at most places. Overall redemption has done it's job.
.. Great place for Happy hour on Thursday or Fridays. Good music and lively crowd.
I used to date a guy who had an affinity for places with religious-sounding names.  Our first date was dinner at the late, great Divine East and then drinks at Redemption.  Redemption is a nice, little, neighborhoody East 50's lounge.  I've been back a handful of times since even though it's hardly the kind of place I'd think of for my next birthday party, per se.
My friend and I came here after work for some drinks.  We sat at a high table right by the window, which was great because it was nice out.  We had a few drinks and our waitress was really nice.  I'd come back here - it's fun for after work.
I had a great time here for my friend's birthday, and it was on a Friday night no less. Our waitress, Rebecca,  was such a sweetheart and took great care of us. I loved the spring rolls, deeeelish! Overall I heard everyone had a great time, but maybe it's more fun when you reserve a birthday and get a whole section for yourself. I didn't see many suits, either, but I have no objection considering I am one myself during the workweek!
I like this place and I'm not really sure why.  My only complaint is that over by the tables the speakers are WAY too high.  I loved the music they were playing but you absolutely couldn't have a conversation without screaming.   That said, the service at the tables is fantastic.   Since we couldn't hear each other talk, we moved outside and the service was just as good out there.  They were very attentive and smiling and the drinks were great.  It was late Saturday night and they were still having 2 for 1 drink specials--at least for the sangria.  Nice.
The waitress overcharged us beers and despite knowing that we were all going to pay separately initially she still refused to cut the check at all when we went to pay.  Seems like the entire wait staff was hired based on looks over brains but the Mac and Cheese croquettes were so amazing and beer was decently priced.
This place sucks and the underage waitresses will rip you off then have idiotic conversations with you until your brain hurts and you begin to question if your time is really worth it. However, if you then try to explain to the owner (or guy with the foot high hair.. Whatever his roll is), he will become increasingly frustrated, prob bc he deals with idiots all day, and end up crumpling your receipt then saying fuck it so he can get back to whatever it is that is talking to him that night. This bar is a joke and a sad attempt at what NYC night life should be. #justsaying
I only come here because I live a block away and I would only recommend coming here if you are in the area and it's an after work thing. Definitely agree with other yelpers... it gets obnoxiously crowded and the service is iffy. Avoid the veggie burger at all costs! (I guess I should have known not to order that at a place like this).
It's fine if you're in the area. I like that there is never a cover, even on super crazy nights like St, Patty's day this was basically the only spot on that 50's east stretch that didn't have a cover. The prices are moderate $7 for beer. There is a dance floor in the back inside. They have an outdoor area as well. Only have been for drinks.
Good, not great, after work spot in Midtown. Went on a Friday after work and it was crowded and loud by about 6:30pm. The bartenders are friendly and efficient for the most part. Good spot after a hectic week and you are looking to relieve some stress...
Mediocre joint.  Went for lunch twice.  It was mostly empty so I wasn't thrilled off the bat.  The food was OK and so was the service (service was actually not bad, but is that saying much when I am one of two parties?).  The drinks were good though - I have had the black cherry cosmopolitan and the cantaloupe martini.  Both fun, good presentation, tasty, and relatively strong.  Might be cool after work, but something about this place was eeeehhhhh.  Probably just go back for their yummy drink specials on the lunch-sneak-tip.  My girlfriend loves this place so I'm doomed to return again and again.  And again.
I've been here for after work, brunch and events (fundraisers) - All pretty positive experiences. In terms of what's in midtown, I like this place: The bar food is GOOD bar food, which I always appreciate, they have solid and up to date variety of cocktails and liquor (Root beer shots and Sweet tea are in abundance - what!), and they have outdoor seating where you can actually get good service. It can def. get crowded, specifically with finance boy-men, but when it's not, it's great.  Brunch is good too and it's a pretty sweet deal - $20 prixe fix is food and unlimited cocktails (or at least 3...can't recall) which is hard to find on the UES.  OH! And the DJ that I've seen there rocks - she has sparkly head phones and plays a solid mix of 80s 90s to present!  Love!
yes, midtown east is an absolute wasteland as far as bars go. even the better ones (read: clancy's) are starting to get more douche-ified by the day. while redemption is not that much better than its peers, it does have certain things that set it apart. firstly, the staff is excellent. full disclosure, i do have a friend who works as a cocktail waitress here, but having met other waitresses and bartendresses independent of her, i have found them to be very friendly and talkative - not stuck-up like the crappy bartenders at opal, metro, sutton place, etc. second, the food (at least for brunch) is actually quite good. i happened to be there one day as the chef was just returning from the farmers' market (!!!) and so i was treated to a three egg omelette with fresh spinach, applewood smoked bacon and feta cheese - absolutely excellent. additionally, two bloody marys were included with the meal, so the price wasn't too awful. third, the music selection is like, ridiculous, considering where it is. i was in one night about 2 years ago and went through kings of leon, mgmt, grizzly bear, etc. on the bartendress' playlist (i noted the time to show that these bands weren't yet "big" in the mainstream... or at least not as intrusive as they are now). this is far, far better than the ciara/journey mash-ups you'll hear elsewhere. in conclusion, when searching for a sports bar in midtown east, my first suggestion is almost always going to be "taxi, please"... but if i had to spend an afternoon or a night watching a game at redemption, it probably wouldn't be the end of the world.
I like this place. I am a member of the Penn State Alumni Association, NYC chapter and we had our annual meeting here. Penn State is the #1 party school for a reason! So of course we had free vodka drinks until a certain time. The waitress was really good about keeping the drinks coming too! She wasn't stingy and remembered what I ordered. I had pineapple juice and vodka and it was good! I also ordered food because I was starving! I can't remember off the top of my head what I ordered but whatever it was it was good because I would have remembered if it were bad. I think maybe something with tuna. Nevertheless, we had a good time here. It's a fun happy hour spot and if I were having a meeting here I would definitely have it here. Great spot.
it gets the same rating as opal down the block.  but i do prefer the ambiance of redemption.  there isn't anything special about black tables and chairs, tea light candles or velvety drapes, but it all works.  the crowd also seems more mature - 20 somethings (just looking for some not-out-of-control fun) to 30's and a few young 40's. aside from the usual drinks, i got to try the spinach artichoke dip.  if you're going to order food, definitely try this.  it was really yummy.
The service here's a joke.  Friday night after work, 8 of us stop by for drinks... the first bar's packed up front, so we decide to head to the bar in the back.  There were 5 waitresses all chatting to each other at the bar, so engaged in conversation they didnt even notice us or say anything so we all grab a table, take our coats off and settle in... then like 5 min later a waitress (pretty blond with a nice rack) decides to come over to tell us... the table we're sitting in is reserved and oh by the way, so are the other tables in our area. Can we go to the bar in front instead or you'll have to wait for a table to clear out.   The ending to this story is 8 customers showed up to Opal's down the block and got treated a helluva lot better.  Redemption, no more!
Music is god awful. Waitress was super nice and tried to change music but manager denied and continued to play pandora station of "top hits". It was terrible. Bar has so much potential. I'd avoid. Area has so many other places, avoid this bar. UPDATE: Initially gave 2 stars, but checked my balance on my card and realized waitress or manager, somebody added $4 extra to the tip I gave. Completely unacceptable and foolish. I will never go back again.
won a happy hour here, really good deal it was free vodka drinks & bud light for the 1st hour & then 1/2 priced for the 2nd the place was busy & sometimes the serves was slow, but that's probably because by 9 o'clock it was already busy there is a front section with tables and then a back section that was less crowded great atmosphere & a good crowd of people also a coat check downstairs and also a private party room (i think)
Awful food. Roommate got "grade a seared tuna salad" and the dressing was gross. I got the Big B sliders and the meat tasted metallic and the cheese was not even up to par. However, the drinking water was cold, the service was nice, and the tater tots were crispy. Food: 1 service: 3 overall: 2
Horrible, never go here. Slow service despite being almost empty when we walked in.  They were ignoring us; we should have left.  "Chicken chopped salad" was a poor take on a Cobb salad, and the chicken, what there was of it, was served warm.  Douche-y crowd.   Friend and I were accosted by a drunk asshole while sitting there. Nothing to recommend it.   Again: NEVER go here.
This place is great, when you check in you receive a complimentary Beer with your meal, nothing better than perks @ a new place... Redemption gets a full four stars!!!
They have an awesome 2 for 1 sangria deal. $12 for two glasses of red or white sangria. In this city, that's is a steal! The white is excellent. I'm not a huge fan of red sangria but it was still good. The waitress brought us a sample of each so we could try before we ordered which I thought was incredibly kind. Most NY places won't do that. PLUS they have a reversed happy hour from 10-close on M-F -- great specials late at night as opposed to early evening. I only ordered one thing from the menu - truffle fries. They didn't have a ton of truffle flavor but were still crispy and good. The other menu options looked good. I liked it there because I went with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and the waitress didn't bother us or try to rush us out. She was very friendly and let us enjoy! We were there for several hours. She was inattentive but also wasn't annoyingly attentive. Overall it was a great experience! I would definitely go back.
Ok, so here's the deal about Redemption. I had been there once before priot to last night which was the opening of the NFL season. Here's the impression I had of the place prior to showing up last night. Good Sports Bar with your usual drinks, hot waitresses, and awesome wings. After last night, Crummy sports bar, the waitresses/bartenders are still kind of attractrive, and the wings are still great. But here's my this place's grade dropped from a A- to B. #1 The menus they put out there are not consistent. I order tater tots, "oh sorry, you are looking at an old menu" I get a different menu "can i get a coors light?" "Sorry we only have miller light" ok no big difference but still that's pretty pathetic you cant give out the right menu. here's the kicker, a different waitress comes over and is like, can i take that menu from you? I'm like we want to keep it we might order some more food. Shes like well when you need it again, just ask me and i will give it back. So not only are waitressses borrowing menus from patrons, but they are borrowing ones that have incorrect information. That's retarded. Finally, we order angus beef sliders with chipotle ketchup and guacamole. Very good, tasty, cooked jsut right. one problem the menu didnt say that it comes with cheese on it. My friend is lactose and doesnt eat cheese. We could of sent it back to get remade but if the menu simply says chipotle and guac on the burger, am i to assume that cheese is on. One last thing, they had the tennis channel on one tv untril 5 minutes before kickoff and the rest of the TV's were on a yankkee re-run. The DJ played the same 10 songs over and over again. Simpy a pathetic performance by redemption last night. All the other bars in the are seem to get it that it was opening night of NFL why didn't Redemption. Maybe that's why it is called redemption, cause it constantly needs to redeem itself for poor performance.
A group of nine of us made reservations here for Sunday brunch to watch the Syracuse game. The brunch deal was $6 for three drinks with your food, $12 for unlimited. The bar was out if sangria when we arrived, and ran out of champagne for mimosas after our first round. The restaurant was understaffed, a member of our party got her food twenty five minutes after the rest of us. Food was delicious, but not worth the wait, or the slow service, or the awful drinks. With all the fabulous brunch places in NYC, pick somewhere else!!
This is not a lounge.  I repeat, this is not a lounge.  The pictures on their site are deceiving.  It's simply a hang out spot.  As in a bar that happens to serve food.  If your intentions are to grab a drink and pretend to be listening to what your friends have to say, then this is your place.  It gets pretty loud - at least on the weeknight that we went.  The staff was attentive, hence this is the only reason for the 3 stars - otherwise, I'd rate it 2 stars.  The food was forgettable and the tap drinks were bland.  But then again, when aren't tap drinks bland?
This is a very average lounge. I thought the crowd was a bit unusual and the atmosphere was off putting. I can't say I will be back...
AWFUL EXPERIENCE AT THIS PLACE! WILL NEVER GO BACK! came here for a friend's goodbye nyc happy hour. there were 5 of us and the waitress couldnt remember anyone's drink or food order. instead of writing it down she kept coming back and asking and taking just drink order then coming with drinks then just food order then coming with food. it was a big mess when all she had to do was write it down on pen and paper. we ended up getting a lot of food and drinks and had a bad experience with our waitress. to our surprise they added 20% gratuity without coming out and saying it anywhere on the bill or menu. we THEN went home to see all of us had RANDOM charges from this place and called the bar to speak to the manager and were told "we must speak to the waitress"...what is the waitress going to do about it now?! so now we have our banks looking into this fraudulent situation.   never will return, what awful customer service. oh and don't forget the "2 for 1" sangria which is $12 for one glass and the double glasses are TINY ...rip off
this is not too far from my cuz midtown apt...i really have no input on this place because i had a beer or two and that was the night basically. (considering it was a Monday or Tuesday night)
Typical dive bar with a decent happy hour. Nothing fancy but it's not trying to be. On the whole pretty good value, plays sports and poker. The waitresses make a good effort. For casual drinks in midtown, this is a good choice
Came here with a living social voucher of $20 for $40 worth of food. Cant lie the food was really good and that is why i am rating it so well. I ordered buffalo wings, a burger and beers. the wings were really good and the burger was amazing. Another thing that is good is that they have a lot of tvs and a giant projector so good for sports. My biggest issue with this place is that it is sooooo expensive. First off the order of wings was expensive and only brought like 8 wings(felt that was a rip off). With my boyfriend we each order two burgers and two beers each and we still had to pay like an extra $40+tip even with the voucher. I feel like that is way to expensive for wings, burgers, and beers. I understand its the city and everything is expensive, but I would not travel from jersey to this place to watch a game and eat when there are cheaper places closer to home. I would only go back if i am in the area and I am craving their burgers. If they lowered their prices i would definitely go back.
Good prices on booze, lots of specials and they always seems to have room despite their awesome corner location and outdoor seating.
This is a solid neighborhood bar.  They play good hip hop and r&b, which is a plus.  There's kind of an area to dance in the back, but not really.  Usually you'll see like 2 or 3 people dancing.  I've been a few times, only because of people who live in the area.  I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to go there, but it's a decent place.
just got a mid day drink while in the area.  wasn't too crowded when i went (around 2 pm) and seating outside was good.  overall it was a cute place.
Been here a bunch of times with mixed results, but more negative than positive. It's never been great, but had also never been outright offensive...Until my last visit. I had heard great things about the mojito, and when I saw that it was on special, I decided to try it. In my 8 years of consumption, it was the first time I've ever wanted to send a drink back. The mint hadn't been properly crushed, leaving HUGE chunks mixed into the drink, and I'm fairly certain they used salt instead of sugar. Seriously, I thought I was going to be sick. After a few sips, I had to stop and ordered a vodka on the rocks (needed something to kill the taste). The bartender, seeing my nearly full mojito sitting there, asked if something was wrong and I explained that I didn't think it had been made properly. She apologized and got me my vodka. I couldn't stay any longer, as the place was filling with douches, so I finished my vodka, my date finished her sangria (which, in fairness, she really liked). Asked to close out our tab and realized that, not only was I charged for the offensive mojito, but I was charged full price (as mentioned, it was the drink special that day). I didn't feel like arguing, paid and left.
Food was great.  Atmosphere was very loud so we sat outdoors.  Not exactly a family spot.  The wait staff was wonderful.
I'm just not a big fan of this neighborhood. Stretch of Midtown East/Murray Hill even sounds like guys named Murray hang out there. Generic beers, generic service, generic food, generic music, generic people etc...If this hood was an ice cream flavor it would be vanilla(not Haagen Daz, but Edy's or a supermarket brand)...Chock Full of out of towners who moved to NYC and rely on "hip" to be dictated to them so they can go out, run to the stores and mimic it the next day...Swap any of these joints with one in Cleveland and you won't know the difference, for real...Once you leave the sight of any NYC taxis and enter, you could be in any unoriginal suburban joint in bumf*ck, America...This joint, Sutton Place, Turtle Bay, Local and all the others can be grouped into one big stiff non-factor of things....You'll see more non NY hats and jerseys in this styrofoam hood than anywhere in the city........Don't worry guys I think an Applebees is coming!!
Best brunch in NYC. 3 drinks and the best wrap in the world "the cure" all for around $20. Its my go to spot for Sunday football. I would have given them 5 stars but last year they made the bar into a Redskins bar, not cool.
i went there a couple of times, not for the drinks but just becoz of it close to my office and they have outdoor seating. i just stop by and grab a drink waiting for my friends then go somewhere else. the drinks are not very good - either too strong or too bland...never try food here except fries which is ok.
Came here for drinks last week and was back for lunch this week.  Very laid back but great service.  Everyone here is really nice and attentive without hovering.  I had one of the best burgers here called the Rising Sun, it was a Kobe beef burger (nuf said) with an asian slaw.  It was really good - the bun was good.  I like that it's not very crowded and they serve good drinks.
I went to Redemption with some friends from work. Wow! The waitresses and bartenders are smokin hot!! Hot and cold running hotties! The food and drinks were good too, did I mention the hotties? Everyone was very nice and we had an awesome time. Great tunes, a bunch of flat screens - I was about to move in permanently!
I've been a patron of Redemption several times. On Friday 9/28/2007, I met a group of mixed friends (black and white) at the bar. We were astounded at the blatant 'profiling' that occurred. There were several gentlemen in the restaurant wearing hats. However, my friend (black) was singled out and asked to remove his. When we asked the manager to show us any indication of a public posting baring hats, he became truculent. When we asked him why the other custormers were not asked to remove their hats, he became even more belligerent. The irony is that he asked the bouncer (black) to carry out actions (asking us to leave) that were clearly motivated by race. No self-respecting minority should even consider going to Redemption. Moreover, any caucasian patrons that frequent this place should realize they are supporting bigotry and antiquated ideologies that belong to a bygone era in US history.
I just ate lunch here and I have to say it was one of the worst dining experiences of my life.  It took the wait staff 10 minutes to come see us and give us a menu.  Once the food finally came out and I took my first bite, I immediately realized that the texture of my hamburger was not normal.  When I looked at the patty that I had just bitten into, I was absolutely amazed at how undercooked (or not cooked at all) the meat was.  Although I asked for medium, I can usually handle rare red meat, but this patty looked like the chef took the hamburger meat, formed the patty and just placed it on the bun, completely bypassing the entire cooking process.  I'm not sure who is cooking or what kind of drugs the chef is on, but the meat was literally still moving on my plate.  The service was terrible, food was horrendous and it was obvious the owner and staff could care less if any of the customers ever came back to Redemption for a second time.  If you value your health and time, I strongly suggest you keep walking when you come upon Redemption.
I went here the other night with a few friends for happy hour.  Our server was attentive and apps and drinks were very reasonably priced.  We had a nice time catching up and when the bill came I put the balance on my card.  Today I checked my account and it appeared as though it had been charged twice.  I called the restaurant to inquire and asked for a Manager.  I was immediately hung up on.  I called a second time, asking again for a Manager and was again hung up on.  Finally, I called a third time and said that I had called twice and that I had asked to speak to a Manager because my card had been charged twice and wanted a Manager to look further into it.  I wasn't snippy until the third phone call.  Turns out the person (Jasmin) who picked up the phone all 3 times was a Manager!  She claimed that she couldn't hear me the first two times and was suddenly "helpful" and said that it should reconcile itself and will only show up once on my card within 24 hours.  I will not be back.  By simply asking for a Manager, I was hung up on.  It's a shame too because I work in the area and our experience there had been great.
I had my bday here this winter. I hadn't been here prior, so by looking at their website I thought this place was going to be bigger. especially since they have different names for each location of the bar. don't be fooled, this place is SMALL! and there aren't different rooms. they're just different sections of the same room. there's no coat check at this place at all!!! there was a corner to store your jacket but really it was just a huge pile of coats and 1 coat rack. the place was packed so clearly so was the coat rack leaving everyone else to throw their coats in a pile. i had an open bar set up that night and apparently so did another asian girl. hers started before mine so ended before mine. the staff assumed being that we were both asian our parties were together so my friends were getting denied drinks before it ended. i spoke with the manager who was VERY nice after my complaints about his staff racial profiling us and he so kindly brought us a bottle of vodka in addition to the free bottle of champagne you get for having your bday there. it would have been a good night if i didnt have to spend an hour searching for my coat and if the staff wasn't rude! the manager was although very helpful and kind. i would actually go there again.
worst service ive ever gotten in my entire life. i hated this place more than life itself. im a waitress part-time as my second job and i would never dream of not tipping. but since it took us 3 hours to get our food, i tipped $1 as a symbol that basically meant eff you to our server. because after we complained about waiting over 2 hours for our food, she said shed buy us a round of drinks.... ummmm what??? literally this place made me unhappy. cant say enough negative things about it. that is all.
