I signed up for a food tasting event here on a Sunday. I was very excited as it said over 20 vendors would be there. A group of us bought the groupon deal and stood in line about 50 people deep. Once we got into the venue it was jam packed with so maybe people it was unbearable.  We decided to go upstairs only to find it even worse. Getting to try any food was almost impossible that our group just gave up. It was full of freeloaders clawing for food. Oh and only about 7 vendors showed up. People were pushing and shoving on the stairs due to the mass of humanity and it was scary going up and down.  The website said this place could fit 1,000 people.  Just because it can fit that many people doesn't mean you should let that many in! About 20 minutes in someone announced over the sound system that there was more amenities up at the PH level. We turned to get into the elevator. Only one of the two elevators were working, they would only let six people on at a time and a "man" was getting rowdy about the "line for the elevator being wayyyyyy over there."  He screamed like a little boy at one of the members in our group. How were we suppose to know? The organization of this event was nonexistent.   Zero crowd control. A few minutes after this "man" shoved himself into the elevator the other "broken" elevator came back down and all the people walked out saying there was NOTHING up there? Seriously?  This was the biggest waste of time and money. The event advertised a huge lie. I will never come back here.  I do not trust this venue.
I have never in the total of 5 years living in nyc experienced such horrible service from a penthouse in my life. My friend held a event there and they were unprofessional, rude, condescending, liars and cheats, everything promised didn't happen, the Spanish security guard at the bottom Floor treats you like Scum and if the Stupid small Hotel is better than you, I left when I first got there cause there was a 30 minute wait for drinks cause the line to the penthouse was so long cause they hired inexperienced bartenders that were, to be frank, horrible, party of I would say 200 people, I was not about to wait in line for a drink on a Sunday in flatiron(which business is slow in this area) so there was no reason for such lack of experience and professionalism. I had to be there for 2 hours cause I knew people, I hated ever minute of it and brought All 6 of my friends next door to maysville and had a much better time, flatiron hotel and toshi penthouse, your someone to you, but your no one to everyone elsee, just horrible.
I'd like to update my review. I haven't been back yet, but I did hear from the manager, who was kind enough to extend a gracious offer and show me that their customer service is on par and they do care about their customers. We had a delicious meal and enjoyed the musicians and our evening very much. We even met Toshi. Thanks for a great time.
HORRIBLE! Oh Yelp how you have deceived me. 1 star for ambiance and the live performances. I came here on a Friday night around 6:30 with three friends on a Groupon deal. They must frown upon these deals because we were definitely treated like second rate customers. While we're looking at the menu, we asked our waitress for a round of waters. Which never came. So when she came around again, I asked for the water again - we ordered our drinks, appetizers and entrees all at the same time, just to make everyone's lives a little easier. About ten minutes later, the waitress comes out with the drinks. Still no sign of the water so I ask for a third time and she finally brings it. About 15 minutes later, our ENTREES come out. We all are baffled because we were thinking...WTF? Aren't appetizers supposed to come out first? About 10 min later, the waitress comes out and we ask her about our appetizers and she makes up some bullshit excuse about how the system is down and the appetizer order didn't get put in. I mean come on. Come up with a better lie than that. You forgot to put it in! Because I swore I saw you chatting up the bartender and taking sips from a  questionable, probably alcohol-filled glass at the bar. Someone get the Mystery Diners crew up in here! After we're DONE with our entrees, the appetizers finally arrive - which of course, they got wrong. We ordered the shrimp and the calamari but they bring out shrimp and some wings. They did fix it immediately so I GUESS I'll give them props for that? Food was okay. Oh yea, and when they say lounge, they really mean lounge! As in the weird couch/chair things made it nearly impossible to eat the meal. SO uncomfortable. And another thing! A man, who I'm guessing is the owner brought his dog inside the place! I like dogs and everything but that's a little unsanitary IMO. AND - they charged us 20% gratuity even though we were only a party of four. To quote my homegirl, Taylor Swift, we are never, ever, ever getting back together. Like ever. Ugh. *flips hair* :::END RANT:::
Toshi's is a really cool spot.  I have been here twice and had a good experience both times.  One was a Friday night were I got to enjoy a few groups play live music that were extremely enjoying to watch and listen.  The other time was a few days ago on a Saturday in which I held my birthday day party.  The staff was very accommodating and the food was very good, most of the people ordered from the brunch menu an they loved the food.  I had the pancakes which were amazing. I want to try their dinner next, I will be going back.
Pros-nice ambiance, live music and there's a dog indoors! Cons-the dog has too many rules: $5 mandatory coat check even though you're sitting on a spacious sofa, and $25 to spend per person.  A huge con was that this place probably had the worst food I've had in...years.  I got the sliders and could only stomach one (out of the 3).  The mac 'n cheese was super bland except for the lil' spot where they threw some hot sauce on it.  The rib eye was super dry and even the raspberry lemonade I got recommended was definitely not as amazing as the server insisted it would be. It was pretty crazy that our group spent over $100 here and left starving.  We later got 99 cent pizza which satisfied us even more.
I went here for a meet and greet.  The place is located in the PH floor.  the views were really nice.  I didn't like the seating outside it was bleach stained and not pleasing to the eye.  Also there were so many knatts and little flies they need some Off candles.  The space was cute and the event was great.  I had the appetizers, the chicken, and the pita dip were my favs.  I want to come back to see an actual show.  I blogged about it too if you are interested see it here: buff.ly/1qVmO4d
I'm partial to this place because I have been a fan of Toshi's for years. The man is a sweet, energetic, super handsome fella. I love his front of the house service which always aims to please. I have tried several items off of their food menu and their arugula, truffle pizza is a pleasant shock at first bite. This is a bar with live entertainment yet the food is that of a fine restaurant!   The mac and cheese is hearty, comforting, cheesy and melty.  There is a reason for the carbo-load. The cocktails are really delicious and if you're not careful enough to eat, you could end up making friends with strangers at bar and eating their chicken wings.  Oops!
I was there last year on a R&B night, and the band sounded very good. The piano player was awesome as the guitar player too. I saw that there was many people singing, they were invited from the audience, so as a singer I asked the host to sing a song with them. I understand that is taking risks let someone sing if you don't know how good is, but she was very rude with me anyway saying me no. After that, she asked someone to sing, without a mic and from the table, making that girl stand in front of everybody, and she sung acapella. That wasn't so profesional too. I'm a host in a huge Jam too, and I don't let anyone sing either, but I'm not rude at all. That's all. Anyway it's a very cool place.
"If you build it, they will come." Toshi built it, or at least, decorated it, and people are coming.  I was walking around the neighborhood when I spied upon this place, attracted by the sound of piano music.  I stopped by for a drink and stayed because that night, they had a singer,  Melanie Maron.   During happy hour from 5-7 p.m, they have $4 draft beers (Peroni and something else) and $5 wines (cabernet sauvignon).  I opted for the wine and it definitely helps that the lady bartender is friendly and engaging.  Now, I drop by at least once a week to have a drink and listen to some music. It's tastefully decorated, elegant and Ponzu, Toshi's dog, is simply adorable.  I bet it is in Ponzu's honor that there comfortable couches outside for his dog friends.  I love this place!
I drafted this review back when it was snowing outside, but didn't get the chance to publish it until spring. Oh well. Better late than never. I walked by this place so many times when I worked down in the Flatiron and I swore that I should make it in one day. All of the rules are a huge turnoff.  I guess the rules keep out the riff raff, but I can't help but feel a little fleeced.  $25 min bill per person, and then on top of that a $5 mandatory coat check fee.   Coat check fee is a joke when the hostess just takes your coat and hangs it on a rack under the stairs when I could have done it myself, or any of the flatiron hotel guests could have just walked off with your stuff since it's not a secure area. Decor and ambiance - awesome.  It is nice, although those low tables were obnoxious.  We kept banging our knees on the tables when we got up or sat down. Very painful.   It would be a great date spot. Food - pretty terrible. Everything was incredibly bland.  I was really surprised.  I had the steak which was okay.  Steak was cooked perfectly medium rare with a red center, but there was a huge lack of flavor and seasoning.   I loved the live acoustic music, and Toshi's would be a great place to bring a date for some drinks.
Too good to be true- the live music and vibe are literally the best among its own category. Chill, fun, classy, dynamic. Plus, the owner was kind enough to attend all guests in person - Toshi really cares about his business! My best friend had her birthday party there with two tables. She had a pix with Toshi, while I didn't. Now I'm really regretting. Have to go back soon and get it!! All in all, this place is extremely cool, and so is the FISH TANK, which will surely bring surprise! Go check it out guys.
Tall guy (Gino?) was our server. Good service, Cool guy.& amazingly handsome, I must say. FYI: dog spelled backwards is god.
I went to this venue for a client event. The decor is very nice and sexy.  The staff I interacted with were lovely and attentive.  The only thing that bothered me was the fact that the table we had was entitled to a bottle and food and I had to ask for it. If you are having an event the patrons should not have to follow up with the establishment for what they paid for (our company name was on the table so there was no way to mix it up).  The staff had no idea until they spoke with the manager (it took a bit), who was a doll, sorry but that is not cool...especially when we had clients present. It is their job to inform their staff of who entitled to or paid for what. Any whoooo besides that it was fine.  They tried their best to take care of us after the mix up. I would give them another go...besides it is a sexy spot.
Chic cute hangout for a drink and a classy quality of live music. I've been here a few times and the live acts they have are great. I've never heard straight up rock music here----it's always a fusion/multi genre sort of artist. It is a little bit too shiny for my taste but the drinks and environment are nice. I like the upstairs part, where it is a little quieter.  If I were to hang out here and need a conversation, I would totally hang out upstairs.  I go up there and sit in a comfy chair and drink champagne sometimes because I'm a creepy loner.  I should bring a book up there.  Please don't go up there, I'd like it to stay empty and quiet, please. Wow, I wish I wouldn't have said that.  I mean, let you into my secret. I've never had food here.  This review just keeps getting worse and worse.  This place is cute, though.
Last time I came in for a drink here, I described Toshi's Living Room as a "don't stay here all night" sort of place in my review.  Having stayed here for a few hours this past Saturday, however, I'm happy to update my already-awesome experience! We came in at about midnight last Saturday night and managed to grab a wait-serviced table right near the live music.  For drinks, we ordered a "Spicy Cha" (house-infused jalapeño tequila with passion fruit) and a "Strawberry Fields Forever" (Absolut vodka with fresh muddled strawberries).  Both drinks were potent and delicious, definitely warranting the $12-$15 price range of Toshi's specialty cocktails (oops, I mean "Glasses of Happiness"!).  The Spicy Cha had the perfect jalapeño kick to it, with just the right splash of sweet guava-based passion fruit...it definitely crept up on me! For food, we split an order of the Ninja Calamari, which came out nice and crispy, accompanied with a sweet & sour chili sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/bYD_…).  It was a pretty decent portion for $12, however if you come here during lunch hours, the same plate and portion is $2 cheaper.  I spied a few other tables enjoying the flatbread pizzas, and will have to try one of them on my next visit.  Menu prices are reasonable, with most entrees and pastas around $10-$15.  Dinner menu is here: toshislivingroom.com/pub… The music was awesome as usual, playing a great mix of old and new songs, while also taking a few requests from the audience.  Most of the audience was on their feet dancing, especially during the more upbeat songs.  The 6-piece band was well into their first set when we arrived.  After taking a short break, they were back for more, finishing around 2:30am.  Our waiter, Anthony, was terrific and upbeat from start to finish, dancing with the performers every time he was near, or crossing in front of the stage.  He always had a smile on his face, and definitely lent to the "unpretentious" feel that so many other Yelp reviewers have acknowledged. Overall, "great find" and "gem" are definitely terms I'd use to describe Toshi's Living Room.  Not only is this place super cool, but everyone here from the musicians, to the staff, to Toshi himself (pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/bYD_…) is so down to earth and relaxed.  It's truly an awesome experience to come here, and I look forward to returning!
Okay Toshi, you're pretty cool especially because your dog is always out partying with everyone.  Apart from worrying that the dog is going to suffer from hearing loss, it's pretty adorable to peer over while dancing and see the cutest dog just chillin on his seat. Toshi clearly just loves to party and making sure people have a good time.  During NYE, he was socializing everywhere with his glittery party hat making sure that everyone was having fun.  The venue itself is spacious, sleek, and awesomely decorated -- flashy lights, open concept with huge windows, cute dog and huge fish tank?!  Yes, Toshi knows what he's doing. All the employees were extremely patient and nice even considering the NYE crowds -- it made the NYE experience all that much better.  Bartenders, bouncers, waiters -- everyone made us feel welcomed. Only gripes, 2 female bathroom stalls for a 5 hr open bar NYE party = 25 minute wait which is totally not cool.  It borders on inhumane treatment.  Coat check was a hot mess - I got so impatient that I joined the others who just went over to the racks and searched themselves.  It took them 20 mins to find my friend's coat & during the whole time they were completely puzzled as to where it was until they found it on the bottom of a pile in the basement.  Oddly enough they were still incredibly nice even though there were tons of pissed people demanding to have their coats. Toshi's is more of a live music venue than a bass pumping club.  Great atmosphere, kudos to Toshi for throwing great parties =)
At the corner of 26 and broadway, this spot is a hidden gem tucked away in the lobby of Flatiron hotel. It has live band every night and a fun vibe to it. Outside the place they have couch for the dogs. This goes to say they are catering for everyone to be comfortable and relaxed including the pets. Happy dog owner means happy customer - concept is awesome.   City of Six is the house band for Thursday night after 9:30 PM and play the top 40 music that will have you up and dancing. Drinks are amazing and would recommend the following cocktails - Spicy Cha has a spicy kick but not something to be teary eyed. Rouge Hot Bitch has nice mix of coconut and jalepeno with vodka. For food - flat bread pizza is great. You can order that as appetizer and share or as a main course.  Truffle Mushroom Pizza is must have for the vegetarians.  Spaghetti with Pesto was a little salty - quantity was large as well. Mac and cheese was also great to share in a group.
Oh, Toshi's. How I wish I liked your service better. We could've been the best of friends. The elitist waitresses love you when you order bottle service or are in a large group, apparently guaranteed to get good tips (because a couple spending their anniversary there, in a romantic and benevolent mood mind you, obviously won't give you good tips, right?). Otherwise, be prepared to get your menus and then promptly be ignored for the next hour or so. Also, as another Yelper noted, confusion between calamari and shrimp orders are also likely to happen. Don't get me wrong, there are obviously pros to spending the night at Toshi's, which is why it'll get 3 stars instead of straight up 2. The live music is good, the decor is interesting/vibrant, there's a freaking cute dog and the ambience would be overall great if the service didn't leave a bad taste in your mouth (even when you try to wash it down with their super sweet Strawberry Fields Forever drink). Here's the deal and it says so on their menu: you can buy food/drinks that meet the minimum $50 for two people for a table, or you can volunteer to sit at the bar. Might not seem like a bad deal, but the food admittedly is mediocre and the menu is limited. While it's not a bad place to splurge on for a "fancy" night out, it would actually be worth it if there was better service. After Toshi's, we headed to Ayza Wine and Chocolate Bar, which is also a popular place but with infinitely better service. The quick service, the attentiveness and the quality of the food there in comparison really reminded me of how customers deserve to be treated.
I accompanied Christina C. when Toshi graciously asked her to return and give the revamped Toshi's a second shot. Reading her review now, I see we had a similar reaction. The good: - The watermelon jicama beet salad. Yum, and love the cubes! - The drinks, though they're all pretty sweet. - The physical menu. Very cute with old family photos. The bad: - The acoustics! Gah. This was the main downside. I love live music, but the sound bounces around this mainly glass building and hurts your eardrums. It also makes it hard to talk. - The terrible costumes they make the waitresses wear. Very tacky.
I walked in as a band set was finishing their rendition of "we will rock you" and right then I knew we were in for a treat. This place is a very cool type of lounge as it can start off your night, or you can have a good time by just staying there. Its a nice lounge, but still has that feeling of almost bing like in your own living roomDrinks a little pricey but they sure do pack a punch and it seems that a lot of the specialty drinks involved gin. That wasn't my fancy but they still had my fix for whisky. The live act that we watched started off with a few of their own songs and before we knew it, everyone was waving their hands in the air to BIG POPPA. Apparently everyone there was a "true playa". So much fun as the singers jumped off the stage and interacted with the audience. Even with all the craziness going on, that didn't stop the service from being superb. Veronica was on her A game that night and she never left me with an empty glass. The owner was there greeting everyone  at the door, working the spot light as the artist jumped off the stage, and going around to tables to make sure everyone was having fun. He also seemed to be having a good time as well (and sober from what it seemed like). His vibe definitely spread to the rest of the crowd.
Came here for Halloween 2013.... boy what a mistake. They actually sold beer in small cups for $8 from a keg (tasted like shit), crowd sucked (boring as hell, just standing around). I was enjoying myself dancing to semi good music.. thinking hey they will get drunk and loosen up....... the idiots at Toshi put a freaking live band on that started putting me to sleep at 12:30am. I don't want to hear slow love songs at midnight on Halloween, are you serious? Chargeback time!
So I've been here twice, and both times I had a great time. I came for Halloween and bought an open bar package for the rooftop penthouse. The views were great. It was easy to get a drink. I hate when places have open bar packages and it gets overly full and it takes forever to get a drink. Not here. They only sell a certain amount and its just the right amount of people. I also came the other night for a yelp Christmas party. They had a live band going on downstairs. They were amazing- a lot of energy, and very fun! They gave us VIP seating right in front. My friend and I ordered two drinks each and they told us they were on the house. Our waitress was EXTREMELY nice. Another reason why I love this place is how convenient it is to get to from the path. Since i'm coming from NJ, I hate taking more than just the Path to get anywhere so that gives this place another bump up.. The drink prices are a little pricey but you are in NY so it is comparable to other nice NY bars. I will definitely come back here again and again...
Came on a Monday night and the live music was great and the venue was nice. I'd go back for sure.
I had gone to Toshi's once before and loved it. So when organizing a HH for two friends, I said, I have the perfect place for us. When I arrived, the bar and  lounge was empty  and hot as they do not have A/C. There were at least 5 waiters standing around doing nothing so I asked one of them if I could be seated, they said I had to wait for the hostess. After waiting 5 minutes, I was finally seated in the empty lounge. Once I sat down I immediately hit my knee on the coffee table b/c the couches and chairs are the same height as the coffee tables. I looked down to see if I could move the table and my foot got stuck on an extension cord below the table that is at every table to power the lights under the table. Once my friends arrived both of them also hit their knees multiple times on the tables and tripped over the extension cords while adjusting their feet under the table and when they got up to use the restroom. Despite this chaos, we ordered cocktails but manged to enjoy the music and our time together. After having one cocktail, I decided to order just a ginger beer  as I did not want to order another alcoholic drink. When the check came, I was SHOCKED to see I was being charged $8 for a ginger beer. I asked the waitress why this was so expensive and she said, it is a specialty item.  I said, it is a non-alcoholic soda, like a root beer. She said, yes, would you like to talk to a manager and I said yes. Here is where it gets fun, the one alcoholic drink I had ordered was a Moscow Mule,  vodka, ginger beer and lime juice. This drink showed on the receipt, $12 for vodka and $2 for fruit up, total of $14. When the beverage manager came over to explain to me why they charge $8 for a ginger beer, he too said it was a specialty item and expensive. At this point I asked, than why is it only $2 when used in a Moscow Mule and it probably was the same about of ginger beer because my glass of ginger beer alone was served in a smaller glass than what my Moscow Mule was served in. He said, well, we are a hotel bar and all sodas are $8 after 9pm. To which I said, 1) it is 7:50 pm and 2) I know you are a hotel bar but I have had many ginger beers in hotel bars and NEVER been charged $8 for 1/2 a glass.  At this point he apologized and said he would talk to his distributor but the cost was $8. So, here is my summary, go somewhere else, this place is overpriced and using the "we are a hotel" bar as an excuse. I feel they are too big for your britches or their rent is too high and they are making their customers pay.
Amazing live bands/singers and fun venue. I went on a Monday for a company shindig. Event was easy to plan and reasonably priced at $65pp for 3 unlimited appetizers and premium open bar for 2 hours. The staff that worked with us was VERY accommodating and attentive. We got there at 6PM but noticed that at 7PM when the bands started playing the lower level go PACKED. Cons: - Two toilet/stalls for the entire venue?! - Some of the patrons are douchey - not the venue's fault of course but wanted to throw it out there. We had the appetizers out for the event guests and some random girl comes up and takes from it like it was her right. A suit tried to do the same thing but was stopped by one of the guys overseeing the event (I don't remember your name but you were awesome!).
A streamlined. yet cozy space with great live bands. Came for a small party and had the small upstairs area to ourselves. The only downside was that it was waaay too warm. The yelp check-in offer champagne was delicious with a super generous pour.
I went to attend a July 4th rooftop event initially I called to ask of there was a cover and told they would have someone call me back but no one did I called again and was told it would be free so I get there and was told there was a cover fee anyway its a beautiful club
Toshi's Living Room is a phenomenal experience on the town. I LOVE THIS PLACE. Seriously. It is a great place to meet friends and be social, to get up and sway to the live music shows that take place almost every day (maybe it is everyday??) and of course if you are looking to drink...then drink and be merry! High on my list for all kinds of reasons. Easy to get to-right in the heart of lower Manhattan, easy to walk to from work, easy getting along with the easy going staff who are very friendly...easy breezy. One day I will follow up with a review after hosting one of my R&B shows here...meanwhile enjoy theirs-great jazz and soul bands; the live music community has great respect for this place too! Freedom J.
Toshi's Living is located at the Flatiron Hotel. Upon entering you see the front desk on the left and you see this elongated acquarium of exotic fishes. I spotted NEMO as I walked up the spiral staircase while heading up to the lavoratory. What a layout. So once you past the staircase towards the right is Toshi's Living Room. No way you can miss it for the live music coming from that side of the room. Furniture is contemporary design. Different blend of tables and chairs which I though was pretty cool. The singer had such a beautiful voice and sang popular songs. Had a really good time there. Nice place to visit after work to unwind with a drink and listen to the band or singer. Cute menu with photographs of Toshi with his family and his travels. Large drink selection to choose from. There were only three entrees listed in the menu we ordered the skirt steak and the salmon. The food was okay. Nice ambiance and entertainment is first class act.
Went here for Halloween party on 26th. one of the most disorganized parties I've been to. Two tickets were available in advance. general admission and open bar. so some got open bar and some didn't, as they were not planning on drinking too much. When we got to the party, we learned that the general admission people were only allowed on the first fl. and the open bar ppl aka "VIP" were allowed up on the penthouse. and to make it worse, open bar deal was only available on the penthouse.  So ppl with open bar deals had to end up taking the elevator back n forth with drinks down to first floor. A big piece of information that should have been specified in advance! and they had a live cover band playing on the first fl... on a halloween party..yea.. not so sure about that.
We booked a private event here and as someone else mentioned they double booked it so we missed out on the penthouse for 2 hours of our event and were put downstairs instead. Management here is horrible it seems. The staff (bartenders and bouncers) were incredibly rude to everyone. It was an open bar with some under 21's there that they marked as under 21 so I understand the walking around and policing of drinks, but the bouncers were total jerks and giving problems to the 21+ crowd too. The bartenders were not friendly in the least bit and barely knew how to make any drinks. The only nice thing this place had was live music. I would not recommend going here, horrible place.
Toshi's Penthouse is such a gem in flatiron! The hotel is clean, great staff, and awesome live music in the living room area! Highly recommended!
Decided to treat myself with a full evening at Toshi's: plenty of high quality mixed drinks, appetizers, dinner, and dessert. It was not to be forgotten. I started off with their Strawberry Fields Forever vodka infused strawberry drink. It was the perfect marriage of crushed ripe strawberries and vodka. I was then recommended the Spicy Cha, house infused tequila and jalapeño. As a regular Bloody Mary drinker I was about this. The perfect full bodied drink to accompany our appetizer. My party went with the focaccia Aristocrat pizza (four gourmet cheeses, wild mushrooms, and truffle oil, topped with arugula) and my god was this perfection. I don't like mushrooms. But I liked this pizza. For the main dish we went with the Salmon Sex and let me tell you, it was sex in a fish dish. Perfectly cooked, it slipped onto my fork like I was the one to woo it. And the orgasm was the taste. Perfect texture and the way it melted on my tongue, well, to be PG it was pretty damn good salmon. My party finished with dessert and (surprise) more drinks. I opted for the "Tease Me Please" blended whiskeys and I felt more like Donald Drapper than I have in awhile. And then our dessert: the Tuxedo Bomb was definitely a moment in decadence. Sexy. Smooth. Rich. In all, I'll be back again for the babely musicians performing, the quality mixed drinks, and the amazing service (oh, and the almost as good as actual sex food). Thanks Toshi's for this night!
After a long day and frustrating trip Toshi gave me a complementary glass of wine and upgraded my hotel room. Relaxed in the lounge while enjoying an outstanding sushi roll and listening to a great musician. Five stars for the sushi chef. I may have to make reservations to bring my wife back to this place. That's how good it was.
I will  give the band L Musik 5 stars and the establishment 2 stars for the following reasons: 1. Lack of organization - There is no discernible line upon entry. After a short wait a flustered woman advised us that it would be 5 minutes to seat 2 people. 30 minutes later she gave our 3rd table away. We were only seated after I asked to speak with the manager, who never made an appearance. Once we FINALLY got a table we were seated in the worse seats in the house (quite a statement about how they felt about us); right outside the entrance to the kitchen along a column. My seat was partially in the aisle and as a result it was constantly hit by each passing person. 2. Cleanliness - We were seated at a dirty table and the hostess put the menu on top of the filth.  I asked her to have our table cleaned and had to ask three times before it was wiped down.  One should never have to ask the wait staff to clean the table that you have been seated at. Also, the hostess did not escort us to the table like she did for the other guests. She stood there across the room, waving her arms to get our attention and then pointed down at the table. There was someone else's belongings on one of the seats. She did not make an effort to move it or find out who it belonged to until I pointed it out to her. 3. $8.00 for Seltzer I ordered one (1) glass of seltzer with my bottle of wine and they charged me $8.00 because it was ordered after a certain time. What restaurant in NYC charges $8.00 for seltzer?! This is a whole different level of price gauging. 4. Bill Accuracy We were overcharged by $10 for the bottle of wine ordered. Please keep the menu after you order to ensure that your bill is correct.  There is no reason for this. I guess they count on their guests to be too intoxicated to review their bill to notice the overcharge. The manager did not make an appearance until my waiter, who noticed that I was angry and writing a scathing review called him to our table. Once he showed up he apologized for the way that we were treated. I informed him that I would be posting a less than stellar review and he asked me not to post it. He said "Please don't post it. You have no idea what a bad review can do to a business."  I then advised that as a professional working and living in NYC I know exactly what a bad review can do. He then said "Well this was a crazy night." I then pointed out that their establishment was not near capacity, there was no celebrity on the premises and that they had a large wait staff working. I asked him what constitutes a "crazy night".  He then asked me if they could make it up to me. He handed me his business card and told me to call him before I returned. My friend then asked him how he would know who we were if we returned. The manager then wrote on the card a free meal and one round of drinks and signed it. I informed the manager that I was still going to post my review and that I had no desire to return. The lack of detail, disorganization and poor management will be to their detriment.
I've passed by this place many times on my way to work out and I finally got a chance to check out the live music a few days ago. Place is really nice and the performers are always solid. Casual enough that you can chat while the music is playing and no one cares. Drinks are reasonably priced and the food was actually a decent surprise. I was actually amazed at how cheap some of the dishes were given the ambiance and the overall quality of the food. Servers were very nice, but I do understand some of the complaints about things being slightly on the slow side. At the end of the day, we go there on a weeknight to chill out have a few drinks and maybe some apps, so waiting a bit on the service is well worth the free entertainment. Plus, I'm sure they will fix that issue as things progress. Again, its a nice addition to the neighborhood and its FREE, GOOD live entertainment in a laid back atmosphere. I will definitely be there again.
Love this venue.  I use it to host events for my clients.  The service is great and view is phenomenal!
First time here, I am very impressed... Will most definitely be back! Think that I will spread the good word of this spot.
Great fun little space. If ur looking for a different kind of, if not slightly random, vibe then ur regular schmooze scene and also some KILLER bands and vocalists, come here!! The food is good enough for my after work bites and I love the Spicy Cha drink. Definitely a place to chk out!
Free live music every night of the week,? Yes please! Although I think this place could use some rebranding (the name Toshi's conjures up images of fobby Asian caricatures), the decor and ambiance scream fancy! The lobby area is furnished with jewel-toned old-Victorian styled couches, and there is a giant cylindrical aquarium in the middle of the lounge. The place was fairly empty on a Wednesday night, but the service was quick and courteous, and the singer in the 2nd act we saw had some real talent. Given it's prime location, classy atmosphere, and musical offerings, I think this place is severely underrated. If you're looking for a casual spot to impress a friend or even a date without having to name drop or pay cover, Toshi's is the place for you.
I sincerely hope this place goes out of business ASAP. Overpriced terrible food and drinks aside, this place is run by a pretentious and greedy owner with absolutely NO MORALS.  I would say on par with ppl who take change out of homeless ppl's cups. I was here a couple weeks ago for a CHARITY event for underprivileged children and families, and the owner shamelessly tried to milk as much money out of the organization as possible.  He not only required the charity group to PAY HIM a very high bar minimum, by threatening to bring in his own guests who are not donating to the cause, but also actually suggested that each event attendee should be subjected to a high minimum spending on drinks/food, and ALL THE PROFITS WILL GO TO HIM AND NOT THE CHARITY.  They had the balls to tell ppl who came to support the charity to buy bottle service or else they cannot sit down.  Get the F outta here!   First of all, this place isn't some hot and happening club/lounge that everyone is trying to squeeze into, and how f'ing greedy do you have to be to try to take money from a charity?!  This was a Wednesday night, so he should've been thankful that he got any business at all. I live in the area and every time I walk by here it's half empty inside. No one comes here even on weekends! Needless to say I will never return, and will tell this story to everyone I know.
We stumbled upon Toshi's Living Room because it was a couple doors down from our own hotel.  I was intrigued from the very first moment I passed by .... I was drawn in especially by the live music and the couches and tables turned to face the stage, with many patrons listening and watching attentively. I love love love the fact that Toshi's has actual couches to give it that real "living room" feel.  The cocktails are potent and pricy, but they will definitely get the job done.  The live music is a definite plus.  We listened to renditions of Biggie, Beyonce and Cee Lo.  It wasn't long before the crowd got up and made a make shift dance floor in front of the stage.  Definitely wasn't expecting to have this much fun at a hotel bar, but it was a pleasant surprise! Try the spicy cha drink if you really want to kick things up a notch ;)
Terrible service. Horribly long wait and then terrible food. Would not encourage anyone to come here.
This could be the most feminine hygiene product-ish place I've ever been to.  The hostess and waitresses are harpies, and the guy with the dog, who may have been Toshi, is a rude patronizing, starf*cker who has no business (or expertise at) running a business.  The lowlights:   *Never received the water I asked the bartender for. *Was asked to move by one of the aforementioned harpies since I did not know when the rest of my party was showing up. *Was given sidelong glances and had snide comments made at me by dog boy and the head harpy *Was later, after waiting for 2 or so hours in the same seat for an event to start (I know one of the participants) asked to move from said seat by dog boy because I wasn't drinking. *Was lied to about where the models involved in the event I was attending would be entering the venue from, and told to "stand over there." In summation, screw you Toshi.  I hope someone burns down your living room. Also, here's a bonus:   This restaurant is rated a "B" by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.  Here's why: Sanitary Violations 1) Food Protection Certificate not held by supervisor of food operations. 2) Filth flies or food/refuse/sewage-associated (FRSA) flies present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. Filth flies include house flies, little house flies, blow flies, bottle flies and flesh flies. Food/refuse/sewage-associated flies include fruit flies, drain flies and Phorid flies. 3) ""Wash hands" sign not posted at hand wash facility. Don't two of those seem like violations only a lazy business owner would commit?
Go see Gino! His service made my birthday! The salmon was great but the green mashed potatoes were cold and tasted weird. Loved the ambience!
Came here for a corporate summer event. The second floor mezzanine had no AC so it was muggy, stuffy and the line to get on the elevator to the rooftop took forever. The view from the outdoor rooftop was just ok, the space is not very big. There were no seating area outside, and a couple loungers inside. The finger food that I've tried were tasty. I especially enjoyed the burger sliders and the tuna sashimi tacos. The bar tenders and the servers were friendly. I feel just ok about this place.
One of my favorite places to go to to enjoy very good live music, a relaxed atmosphere, and stiff drink.  This is one of my "go-to" restaurants / lounges in NYC. I'd make recommendations on what to order, however, they change their menu every couple months to keep you guessing!  Either way, most of the dishes come out great, and the drinks are made perfectly.
I stumbled on to Toshi's one evening on my walk home from work and it almost instantly became one of my very favorite go-to spots in NYC. Where to begin? Well the first thing you notice when you arrive at Toshi's is Toshi himself who can usually be found at the door or floating around greating and chatting with guests. Toshi always looks like he's just having the best time. And he's often toting his adorable "house dog" Ponzu in his arms. An adorable pup. Toshi's is kind of your classic hotel lounge/bar with couches and low chairs and tables throughout but one of the absolute coolest thing about Toshi's is that there is live music 7 days a week. It's typically a cover bad of some sort --sometimes jazzy or bluesy or R&B or Top 40. Hands down, the best band I've seen at Toshi's is the Chris Norton Band, so if you have the chance, definitely go on a night Chris is performing. He rocks the house like none other. There's also a pretty kick-ass giant two-story aquarium in the back of Toshi's Living Room that is a sight to behold --even for someone like me who's seen it many times before. The cocktails at Toshi's are also top notch though not inexpensive (of course, this is New York). My personal fav is the Strawberry Fields which is vodka muddled with fresh strawberries. Simple perfection and not too sweet. It's my go-to at Toshi's. The watermelon cocktail and the "Toshi" are also favs though on the Toshi I have them swap the gin for vodka. The food at Toshi's was another very pleasant surprise. I've been to Toshi's probably 10 times by now, maybe more, and tried most things on the menu at one time or another and my favorites are the mushroom, goat cheese and arugula flatbread (to die for!) and the sliders , which are simply delicious. Great flavor, always cooked perfectly. Other things on the menu are also pretty good, but these are the 2 stand-outs for me. The only real downside I've experienced is that service can tend to be a bit slow, but that usually only happens when it's really busy on Friday or Saturday night, so that's somewhat to be expected I suppose. If you're going on a weekend night, best to try and get there before 9 to get a good spot for the evening as it tends to fill up and there's somewhat limited seating. I've taken a very wide variety of people to Toshi's: my mom, friends visiting from out of town, older friends and younger friends, and every single one of them has had a great time. In fact, I often say "You can't have a bad time at Toshi's".
Very cool venue to comes and see live music while you chill with friends.  I've been here just once so far and I definitely need to come back, try the food and get a better feel for the place.  Both floors were very crowded during the event that I attended that featured spoken word artists, singers, etc.  The performances were downstairs, we had to stand upstairs and watch from over the railing or on one of several TV screens that they had set up.  During that particular night, seating was scarce and because it was so crowded, it was kind of a hassle to go downstairs to the bar and get drinks/come back up with them while my friend held the seats.  In Flatiron, there's not very many live music venues like this though, so again, I will be back and promise to update my review!  This place has so much potential to be GREAT and maybe it is during warmer months when you have the added ability to "chill" outside on the terrace. I didn't have any of their food, but the drinks were decent and fairly priced for NYC.
A little late on the review but nonetheless...My boyfriend and I have been to Toshi's about 5 times now- and its always been a blast! We came to Toshi's on the 15th for a friend's birthday and had a really great time. We obviously made a reservation for 9pm and were seated right away. Our server was the very wonderful Amanda who went out of her way to make sure we were comfortable and having fun. Amanda was super attentive and sweet to the birthday girl and she was very attentive to the rest of our party. She made us feel extremely at ease and had a smile on her face all night. Our drinks always arrived a minute later and Amanda took great care of us. I did not have the food- our party ordered pizza, fries, and sushi- and there was nothing left over so I assume it was all very tasty. Overall, we had a great time- but more importantly the birthday girl had a great time. Thank you Amanda!
This place is hilarious. We wandered in and found a band playing Michael Jackson, Prince and other funk covers. Amazing energy. Fun crowd. Plain and simple: if you like being a little drunk and think it's hilarious to watch people who are drunk and dancing, you should go here. It's really a lot of fun if you don't take things too seriously.
Let's get into it... I was really excited to visit this place after walking by tons of times. I finally got my chance tonight. Underwhelmed. I was attending an event at Toshi's tonight which ran over its allotted time. (Not my fault or my problem.) A busboy was sent over by the owner, Toshi, to wipe off the table and ask us to leave towards the latter part of the night. No explanation was given as they brought over an extra chair to the table & wiped crumbs off the table onto our laps. My friend and I purchased food and drinks throughout the music set and may have ordered more but essentially, Toshi decided we didn't need anymore because he wanted to seat the next show's patrons DURING an on-going show! When we asked the waitress if we could speak to a manager, she spoke to Toshi and he refused to come over to talk with us. I approached him after spotting him across the room watching the whole situation play out. Sneaky! I told him about the situation and he blamed the busboy for forcing us to leave before the set's end. I asked for the busboy's name and Toshi refused to give it to me and said he "couldn't believe the busboy would do something like that, this never happens at my establishment", how he's "truly sorry", how he "really needed to seat the next music show's patrons who reserved that specific table", how he "has a hard time making sure all 100 employees are doing their jobs"...yada yada yada  *cue the violins* Bottom line...Toshi's Living Room is NOT a living room I EVER want to visit again...or any other room associated with a house. I've been to nicer lounges in club bathrooms folks. Toshi has ZERO respect for customers or even his own employees. It's NYC. Lounges are on every few corners. Nothing special about this one. I give it a star for the unknowing employee who's being blamed for Toshi's poor customer service skills! HELPFUL TIP: Avoid at all costs...literally!
I went to Toshi's last Wednesday for Happy Hour. It was a going away party for our intern. Before going in, we saw a fellow co-worker on the street that was, to say the least, not sold on the place. I said, "let's try it out for a drink and we'll see where we go from there." We didn't leave until nearly 10! First, you'll notice the dog. It's Toshi's and he's pretty cool - I even got a picture with him in my arms.. If you walk in from south of the building, you'll also notice that outside there's VIP seating for dogs. I thought it was pretty comical. Once you walk inside, you'll be greeted by a small bar and tons of crushed velvet multi-colored lounge seating, a few tables and the most amazingly ridiculous two story fish tank. We had a 'Finding Nemo' fish name-off. For your entertainment, there are also performers, booked by various booking agents so you might see your typical lounge singer, an indie r&b act or some other form of entertainment. However, it's all classy and makes for nice background or main entertainment, depending on your proclivity. The drinks are a bit pricey and they do impose a minimum, so no "balling on a budget" here. I first tried their jalapeno margarita (I forget the cheeky name) and it had real jalapeno in it but wasn't particularly strong. It was, however, very well made. Overall, I would have to say this place is like a fantasy world in the middle of Flatiron. From the ambiance to the interesting choice of decor, you have to be willing to go to a mentally wistful 'scape. If so you're going to have a blast. I'll be back and I will bring friends as well. Toshi's is alright with me.
Drinks and Music only Review. A great place to grab A drink or 2. Not a place to linger all night. I've walked by this place many times and it is always bumpin. Negative---this place gets very loud. Positive-never too crowded for a table. This place is a little different and dare I say fantastic because of that. Great for a date or just meeting up with a bud. The drinks are $14/per and are so so. The cover band. . . awesome! Call me Maybe -- haha. We were balling out laughing and had big shit eating grins on our faces the entire time like the rest of the crowd. The energy here is great and the vibe is just different enough to keep things interesting.
Went here last night and had a great time. All of the people working last night were super friendly and made my night very fun. I thought this would be one of the typical tourist traps but was pleasantly surprised. The band playing last night was Great! They seriously made our night! The drink prices are typical of NYC so just know that you will be paying about $12 and up for a drink. Since I love to eat when I'm out I ordered some chicken tenders and mozzarella sticks and thought it was pretty tasty. They also had good fries. Overall, I was pretty happy with this place.
I have been to Toshi's a couple of times, but never late at night. I will never will EVER AGAIN. My friends and I stumbled into Toshi's on my Birthday after finishing our drinks and dinner at the previous location. We all had been to Toshi's before and liked it. It was completely empty except for this one group of very obnoxious guys. We ignored them for the most part, sat down ordered a round of drinks and enjoyed my birthday. We were there for no more than 10 minutes when they made the final call for alcohol so we decided to call the waiter over for a round of shots. He said he would do one with us, seemed very sweet and we went on talking. I overheard him at the bar telling another waiter that he was making our shots very fruity because he didn't think we could handle them, but at this point I didn't think much of it. It was kinda douchie but the worst part came later. We all did the shots still having a good time. THEN the waiter brings over another "round of shots" from the obnoxious men that were supposed to be tequila. They had the salt, limes whole bit. The shitty part was, they were filled with WATER! The waiter served us water as tequila and was in on the prank! When we told him that wasn't cool as an establishment because we were just enjoying our drinks and time there, he didn't even put up a fight and basically told us it was a joke. For a place to have a waiter (who then claimed to be the bar manager) serve customers water shots and say it's tequila is not how to run an establishment. Maybe Toshi's is only a place to go when people are actually performing on stage and not when you are stuck dealing with their crappy managing services.
Driving by this place was intriguing just by the trendy decor LIVE music every night with very TALENTED people all mixed in the crowd ... coolest thing is my waiter even grabbed the mic! The food and drinks are really good and average price, very tasty and designer. SPICY JALEPENO TEQUILA DRINK SO GOOD I FORGOT THE NAME!!! The Monday night crowd had every seat and luxe couch and chaise and velvet seats filled, everyone was moving. Great vibe and place!!! Toshi himself is very personable His DOG is the bouncer!!! How cute!!! Im going back with my Shitzu YES dogs are allowed. Plus I need to venture into the rest of the stylist hotel, their second floor and rooftop deck. The couch, music and drinks were so satisfying we didnt get around!
Toshi's living room is on my favorite list now. I went there with a few friends last week for Happy hour. We had a chill time there. Music performers dress up :) Visual effect~ Music is not crazy loud. You can be able to talk to the person next to you. If you are looking for a high Friday night, Toshi is not the place you go. Toshi is a relax lounge for you to enjoy music and time with friends. Besides, I like the idea of calling " Toshi's living room". I saw Toshi, the boss was standing at the front door with his doggy to welcome customers. Making the menu like his personal album... Trusting the customers like his guests at home. Friendly! Drink: I am a big fan of sweet drink/food. Strawberry field forever( Cocktail) is perfect for me. Interior design: Fancy & Bright
Like another rater, I had a pleasurable first visit to this place - so much so that I brought two friends with me a second time.  Mistake.  We arrived at 5:20, when the place was pretty empty, and were warned that there was a party going on.  We ordered drinks (one cocktail, two beers) and waited over 20 minutes for them, after asking about them twice.  We were told that it was because of the "party", which was all of 10 people in an otherwise pretty empty place.  We ordered some food - one appetizer and three entrees.  One of the entrees appeared in about 10 minutes, followed by the appetizer 10 minutes later, then the other entrees some time after that.  The guy at the door that welcomes you seems pleasant enough and tries his best to fix issues - the problem is there is just too much to fix: slow (or too few) bar tenders, confused wait staff, people being moved to adhere to the odd "minimum of 4 people at couch tables" rule, etc.  The positives: the music was great, and the erratically delivered food was pretty good.  I probably won't return any time soon (neither will the others in my party)... advice if you go: stand at the bar and order only a beer, eat before or after you go unless you have LOTS of time, aren't picky about what order you eat your food in, and you don't care about price.  Then enjoy the music.
Lara G. suggested to come in here to hang out for happy hour. I've never been, and I SHOULD. I wish the Filipino Sausages were not available when I went, but I highly recommend the place. The singer was awesome, and it made going to my class a bit more bearable. Yeah, I went in there a bit too cheerful. Uhmm....
Came here Friday night to see a band. Band was great however the bartender was charging me and my friends different prices for the same drinks. At the start of the night I was given a receipt for a 15 cosmo. An hour later I was charged 18. I brought this up. I was told it was three dollars tax! On $15 which is not correct. They also charged one if my friends $68 for five shots of fireball and another friend 6 for $60. Do the math.... does not add up. By the end of the night Antasha tried to charge me $17! For one shot of fireball. I didnt spend one more penny. After my second drink because of this behaviour. A bartender trying to line her own pockets by taking advantage of costomers is not good for business.It was not wise on her part to give a receipt the first time. Then have the bar backcharge me a different price the second time with no receipt. She had no response after I showed her the receipt and gave me back my $2 because the tax was $1 not $3. I tipped her $10 off the bat so I am very turned off by this. Check your receipts in this place! Get a receipt for everything. I wouldn't recommend this bartender Antasha. $17 for a fireball shot. Come on now. After she just charged my friend $10.However the band was great. We had a great time until we felt we were taken advantage of. I would return if I had a honest bartender. I asked to speak to a manager and was given the run around for an hour.
I just put 4 stars because of the party of yesterday night : "Quiet Party". It was fun but not my style of party. I leave half an hour after my arrival. Anyway: Toshi Living Room is a very cool place in the heart of broadway, with a band who play music at the entrance. The atmosphere there yesterday was just amazing. The "Quiet Party" was in the pent house which just give us a amazing view of Manhattan Skyline and the Empire State Building. Toshi is just I think the perfect place for an after work drink. Concerning the prices they are quite acceptable: count 9 $ for a beer.
So the neon purple lights radiating out of this place is enough to pique one's curiosity. I always thought it would be some crazy, anime/j-pop, strobe light place but it turned out to be a pretty chill, non seizure inducing lounge. I stopped by with some friends around 11:00 PM and we walked right in. The downstairs area had a wait so we just headed upstairs to watch the band from the balcony. The beers at $8 a bottle is a little on the high side but there wasn't a cover so you have to take that into consideration. We really enjoyed the band that was performing that night. I think they go by the Chris Norton Band. It was a 7 piece funk/mo-town/rock and roll band and I thought they performed with energy and gusto. After some people started to vacate the downstairs area, some couches opened up on 2nd floor and we were able to sit down right next to the glass railing. It provided a nice view of the entire band. I thought the sound level was just right as well. No need to shout at someone sitting next to you. We didn't order anything to eat so I can't really comment on the food or service. The upstairs area had a bar where you could order everything but the specialty cocktails. I thought the bar assistant guy was very polite and friendly. The female bartender upstairs (who looked great in a red dress and tortoise shell glasses) could have been a little more friendly. Anyway, I say you should give Toshi's a try based on the live music and chill vibe. This might be a place to come to after dinner to enjoy a drink and settle in for a relaxed kind of night.
I was expecting a lot more but satisfied with the way things were. The staff were very not helpful. Many didn't have any answers about the penthouse, reservations etc. Finally the host showed up, but with an attitude. The drinks are crazy expensive. The cheapest speciality cocktail is $12. They're good but do not enough to justify the price. I like the live music, especially having it throughout the day.
Oh how I loved this place! We were greeted warmly at the door like we were family (when does that happen in NYC?) when we attended "Sunday Supper" and I loved the cozy couch seating. Our waitress could have used some work, but I'll let it slide because everyone else was so wonderful.
Toshi's Living Room, consists of two floors on the lower level and then the upper deck.  It's a pretty trendy looking place and it feels like it was designed by some guys at Apple.  The downside however is the space is incredibly awkward.  The 2nd floor is pretty tiny and their rooftop is just as small.  if you're looking for a place that's trendy, I guess this is your place.  Trendy however isn't something I am, so it's too cool for me.  I just want to have a good selection of beers/cocktails, good bartenders, a relaxed atmosphere, and not get raped by the cost of drinks.  Not this place.
Terrible Service & food is meh - not even worth a fully detailed review...smh Cute look but I'll pass.
Came during a late afternoon. It was basically a dead hotel bar.   Drinks were pricey (4 non-premium drinks were $60) and glasses were dirty. Service was slow even though it was dead and it took the staff awhile to get a proper bill printed out. Guess they don't have their first string players for the mid-day shift. On the plus side, the 2-floor fishtank with exotic fish is really amazing.
Waited forever before someone even acknowledged us. This place is not busy at all. Three servers running around. Only 5 tables with customers, each with no more than 2 at a table. They should be able to handle 5 tables with 3 servers. Apparently, I gave them too much credit. Even with a ratio of 1 server for 2 tables,  we waited another lifetime before anyone took our order or brought us water. They probably wouldn't have taken our order at all if I hadn't made it a point to get the bartender's attention. Ordered truffled grilled cheese with a glass of Malbec. My husband ordered a toshi burger with a coke. We also asked for water.  We didn't get water.   Whike we were waiting for our food and dying of thirst, we saw a table of 2 business guys complained because their order was completely screwed up. Everything that could have gone wrong went wrong for them.  We learned that another lady waited 45 minutes from the time she placed her order to get her food. Two other tables also were waiting a million years before getting drinks, food, etc.  Oh, and their order wasn't right either. After asking for water twice and not getting it. We finally went up to the bar to ask AGAIN  for water as well as our drink order.  Of course, our waitress shows up at our table when we got back from the bar and asks if we placed a drink order. Uh...yeah, we placed our order with you but clearly, it's been so long that you have completely forgotten what it was. Once the food arrived, there was not a trace of truffle. Funny, it's supposed to be a truffle grilled cheese.   If you know truffles or even truffle oil, you know it's not subtle, it's something that you can definitely smell and taste in your food. There was clearly no truffle oil anywhere on my grilled cheese but the waitress claims it was put on the bread before they put it on the griddle. Wow. What a way to ruin truffle oil. Yes, let's burn it so there is zero flavor left.  While we're burning it, might as well burn the bread and not worry about trying to melt the cheese that's inside the grilled cheese. I have very litte patience for places like this that pretend to be tragically hip when, really, they are just plain inept. After a terrible experience they suddenly became very attentive when it came time for the check. How typical. Provide bad service, horrible food and finsh by  getting the customer's money, quick. This is New York City . There are a myriad of great restaurants, gastropubs, delis, cafes, and food trucks to choose from. Life's too short.  No need to waste your time, money or patience at this place.
NYE "gala"  DO NOT PURCHASE!!! At 29 years old, this was WAY too unorganized and classless for me.  First  upon arrival we were told we had to go across the street to get a wristband  which was a good 3 minute walk OUTSIDE to wait in a line to get a wrist band for the ticket we already bought.  We had the etickets that u could scan for no reason I guess. It was supposed to be premium open bar it was well liquor no beer nothing else   There was supposed to be passed apps there was nothing until 1130 when they put 1 tray of cheese out and 1 tray of limited veggies There was supposed to be a champagne toast, never happened The bathroom, 2 stalls total for girls   I waited 45 min in line For guys, they had to go OUTSIDE in porta potties ppl paid 150$ for VIP and had to pee outside. They had like zero security or clean up crew someone vomited on the floor and no one cleaned it up so ppl were just walking through it there was a sloppy joe type thing they brought out after midnight and it was smeared all down the steps just disgusting.  Would never go back for an event like NYE
Sexy place! Live music with a swanky layout of couches with cocktail tables. Perfect night out without having to deal with the velvet ropes of a nightclub. I enjoyed my time here.
The service and ambiance was EXCELLENT! Toshi was very attentive and kind. His dog was adorable! The live music was great too. This is an great place to relax, eat, drink, socialize and watch a nice life performance. I liked the interactive band the best! As for the food, I would give it 3 out of 5 stars. I ordered the macaroni and cheese (3.8/5 stars), I had the steak (2.8/5 stars) and the salmon (3.7/5 stars). I'm a tough grader but I think the food taste was average, overall. I would definitely give this place 5 stars if the food taste and quality improves a bit. Nonetheless, I would definitely return and I would recommend this place to others.
good music, nice atmosphere.  Food is definitely expensive so I didn't try it.  The owner Toshi is around and he is a nice guy. Come here when they have the band that plays the top 40s. They let you stay in the balcony if you only order drinks which are reasonably priced. The balcony has a great view of the stage. Although you could potentially enjoy the music from outside the lounge because the band plays right behind the glass storefront and save yourself some moolah.
First of all let me just say one thing when booking Toshi's Penthouse and Rooftop ask for Quentin and then ask for Jonathan and you will get everything you desire from a rooftop event. There were times from reading reviews on yelp and conversations with certain staff that I was worried that my event will be mediocre but I have to say it was beyond my expectations ! My fiancé and I have nothing but great things to say about Toshi. We had over 100 people and they could not stop talking about the breathtaking views of the city especially the Empire State Building. The raved about the drinks and food lets not mention the phenomenal service. The staff made sure everything went well and constantly checked on us to make sure we were having a great time, the caterer was amazing and so was the dessert chef Samantha. We are coming from a Jamaican and Haitian background and lets just say the party was everything and more. Thank you toshi !! Please don't believe certain things you read on yelp. There was a event planned last minute before us and they said don't worry ! Guess what they made it HAPPEN ! In the end everything worked out thank heaven for Quentin and Jonathan ! Jenell and Ted engagement party July 19,2014 #jenellandted
Ugly furniture, but it's comfortable. Dropped in here around 10 on a Friday, and there was a band/singer but no cover.  We were seated quickly but at a far-back couch.  It wasn't too crowded, but maybe that was because the band wasn't too good ... yeah. My prosecco was just $10 and cocktails were in the pricier $14-17 range.  The menu seemed slightly pricey, but I guess it includes the entertainment?  I saw on the menu that there's a $25 minimum per set, but our waiter didn't mention anything about that.  There were a LOT of rules outlined in the menu (which is more of a book with photos, menus, instructions/rules, etc). The music was loud but you could still carry on a conversation. I didn't order any food, but the people next to me had a mouth-watering appetizer of sliders, and a salad that looked really good.
Been here once and it was on my bday...I thought this place was pretty cool...the atmosphere and the decor is inviting...really comfortable...i enjoy my free champaign that was given to me on my bday...there's a live band...everybody dancing around all crazy...everybody and I mean everybody was drunk that night...the waitress was extremely wasted...I thought it was really funny... The crowed is around mid 20s to late 40s...everyone was having fun...which was awesome...there was seats ..no need to wait..this place has two floors...drinks are defiantly pricey...I got a watermelon Martin cost like seventeen bucks... Wtf...didn't even taste that good lol...place close around three...the seatings are comfy...the live band was really entertaining...people were just dancing around guys were grabbing random females on the dance floor i thought that was pretty funny also...I would defiantly go back...but next time I won't be sober! Lol
I had my birthday party here. When I contacted them to make a reservation, my friends insisted that there must be a catch. They were warm and responsive, and seemed quite excited to host the celebration. The live band was incredible and all of my guests had plenty of room to mingle and dance. We had the best time - I highly recommend it!
I'm coming out of Yelp hibernation to review this place. #1 PONZU the DOG toshi's morkie is.... amazing.  i need to be his friend, but this dog has major responsibilities as the bouncer and alas, cannot mingle as much as i wish. #2 fantastic live music went on a thursday night and 'city of six' played.  great band, amazing singers.  F-ing GREAT song choices.  good times to be had. #3 toshi! i love the concept of this lounge - not only was toshi there in person, but he was super duper nice (even after i dog-napped ponzu).  the place is definitely laid back and literally feels like HIS living room.  the menus are photo albums showing young toshi & family.  really great inviting ambience if you're uppity, this isn't the place for you.  come to chill, enjoy the company of your friends, listen to awesome live music, and pet a fabulous dog.
This place is great for groups. It is however, really expensive and the crowd and music is kind of cheesy. Definitely a tourist trap. But if you make it up to the rooftop area, it's totally worth it. It's Less crowded and has a great view of midtown.
Came here a few weeks back, to just meet up with some friends and celebrate a belated birthday. O.M.G! Not at all what I expected but in a good way! There was a live cover-band and they were so great - mostly 90's stuff if I remember correctly. The owner took great care of our table and had his cute puppp with him. Good cocktails, beautiful decor, and our server was so adorable and enthusiastic, I had a great time. Will definitely be coming back here, especially on those nights when you want to do something a little different. Check it out. Drink well, kids.
You can't miss this place. i was walking there in the rain, not sure of the exact location and was immediately  drawn in by the blue and purple glow and the live band singing classic Christmas music. I was meeting with a large group (15) and they accommodated us in very homey comfortable booths and couches.  the cute waitresses were constantly refilling glasses and so damn friendly! What i like most about this place is how laid back and causal it is, even though it has a very swanky feel. It was Friday and i was dressed pretty damn casually and at first i felt under dressed, but after the warm hostess greeted me and asked to take my coat, bar tenders were friendly- i felt just fine and had a great time with my friends! this place is definitely going to be a regular spot.
I am back here again, but not at the Penthouse, but in the living room. R and I came here for some drinks - the Strawberry Fields Forever is no comparison to the one at Puck Fair's Strawberry Fields. Their version didn't have enough strawberries and I really could taste the alcohol. The place was loud, so I definitely could not hear a damn thing. It was nice, but just wish they have better drinks.
My husband, an out of town friend, and I went to this place for the first time a couple Friday's ago. Best decision ever! Toshi's was a great find! We walked in after dinner around 9 PM-ish. We were greeted by Toshi's dog which instantly makes you love the place even more! It looked pretty busy, but not overly crowded. It seemed like standing room only (which would have been fine), and the big red VIP-looking table was free. Tables were a 2 drink minimum. The hostess offered us the red table, saying it was reserved but we could have it until the other party comes. Great! We enjoyed the live music a lot, it was a fun crowd, not too rowdy, but you can tell everyone was having a good time. We were each already on our second drinks when they very apologetically said the other party had arrived. They promptly moved us to a table a few feet away, and it was no big deal at all. The owner seems just as involved in the details as all his staff, making sure everyone was comfortable, and smiling the whole way through. He even brought me another chair when he noticed mine was a hard plastic one (I  hadn't even realized mine was different!). Very considerate. I'll definitely be back! 5*
Service was great...had an amazing time with my friends and family this time around. Loved the live music and loved our waitress!!!
Came here to watch a performance for a korean band called INFINITE and I loved the glass walls. I couldn't get in the place because of overcapacity...or I wasn't invited..lol...but being able to watch them perform from outside was amazing. It was cool being able to stand literally a couple feet away from my idols and watch them perform, separated only by glass. I hope MTV does more of their performances at Toshi's. The decor was nice and modern with a gigantic vertical column aquarium. Will probably come back to try out the party scene
We always have a good time here! The drinks are good and the ambiance is unique. I like the motz sticks, the only reason I took away a star is because there aren't delicious food options and the service isnt superb sometimes have to flag down a waiter but theyre good and I will keep coming back.
I love this place.  I wish they would get waiters and waitresses that actually like people.  I've never seen such arrogant waiters in my entire life.  Usually the waitresses, at least try to be nice.  The waiters have the biggest attitude I've ever seen.  Specifically there's a tall waiter there, unfortunately he's there every time I go and he has the biggest attitude.  He actually gets annoyed if you ask him anything.  Unbelievable.  I'm looking to find a place with live music where the staff actually likes people
Was there for Halloween party 2013.terrible set up!!!! Today went there again....Dinner don't have too much choices but seabass and skirt steak were sooo GOOD. Took Lychee drink - was really good. (dont know what happened with drinks on Halloween party) .. Band was great! Service - needs improvement but decent.
I like this place! Cool, fun and trendy crowd. A great spot for a change of dining scene (entertainment plus dinner). The music changes all the time and the location is nearby trains, the park, 40/40 and more. This is a pretty neat date spot too. We stopped by around 1:00 AM to see if the band was still playing and they were wrapping up. BUT the full bar was still serving so we made a note to return during regular dinner hours and join the fun.
JUST On Service: I was in the area last night and decided to check out Toshi's to kill some time... To my surprise, one of the hosts remembered me, and we ended up chatting. She asked how I liked my experience from the last time I was there and I told her my honest opinion. She wholeheartedly agreed with me and explained how they had a new chef and were in the process of changing their menu. One of the managers overheard our convo. and he was listening intently to my feedback and explaining certain things to me. He also showed me the new penthouse area which is open to events (if ppl wanna book it). The wrap around balcony and the view is gorgeous! A lot of potential there. While I was at the rooftop I got a chance to meet Toshi too! Super friendly and awesome guy! Talk about customer service, these guys are awesome! They exclaimed that if I had any problem at all next time or whatever else, to let them know, and they'll take care of me. Just gotta say again, they are awesome. A manager that truly loves his venue and job, and an owner that is so passionate in what he does and his commitment is just so refreshing! I can't wait to come back when the menu changes! I'm eager to see if they took any of my suggestions to use. And I will definitely be back to hear Ioana Vintu (Saturday's) and City of 6 (9:30pm on Thursday's). Side note: I saw one of the bands kick in their car window to get their keys... I thought: that's a total movie scene lol loved it.
The spicy chai with jalapeno infused vodka and fresh passion fruit juice was to die for. One of those things you just have to try. Antasha is a top notch girl behind the bar who will be happy to whip one up for you! Music was great, I will definitely go back!
Great people, awesome atmosphere, music rocking and love the view from the penthouse. Perfection!
Came here for after party from wedding. We were at the pent house which was pretty nice. The outdoor had a nice seating area as well for friends to lounge around, have drinks and just talk.
Stumbled upon this place and was so pleasantly surprised. Love music and a fun time with everyone dancing and enjoying themselves
I went on Saturday night 1/18 around 11PMish. The energy in the place was awesome. A total mixed crown (ages, ethnicity, couples, singles etc) and the live band was fantastic! They played lots of radio songs with a twist, so you could sing along and let loose on the dance "area" along with some other folks who were in a great social mood. The drinks? Terrible. Plastic cup, filled with crushed ice and I couldn't tell you what. I ordered a cocktail from their specialty menu, and the first two they couldn't make at the upstairs bar because they did not have the right supplies. So, I asked what they could make, and picked one of those. It was $18.00. I bought a Yelp deal while i was there - Thanks Yelp!!! $20 for $10 and I am soooo glad I did because the drink was terrible. It tasted like water and weak vodka with no particular flavor.  I also had to stand at the bar for 15 minutes after getting the drink because the bartender didn't know how to ring up a drink paid for with a Yelp deal. She was super pleasant though, it was just inconvenient.   But, the space is interesting, the crowd as great and the band was great. Pregame elsewhere, then pop in with some friends to dance!
Loved this place. Was visiting some friends and heard this place was really cool. Went with a group of girls and had a great time.
Toshi? As in Toshi Parties? That name conjures up warm memories of huge underground loft parties filled with half naked people getting body painted somewhere in the fog of my early twenties memory. Things seemed much more exciting back then. We would find out about the party after we applied for it online and wait until we get word of the next spot (much like the Danger parties or Subterranean)... My friends and I would spend out week slaving away on Wall street and bike or skate home (admittedly a little Hipster- Yuppy), while waiting for the next cool party to pop up. Then the parties disappeared altogether... Until now. I was buying an iced coffee across the street from Starbucks (I know) and heard music ricocheting off the street. Looking across, I saw something oddly familiar. It was Toshi's logo- the familiar cartoon head with red neon lights. I immediately walked out the door and across the street and entered the place. The ambiance and style was classic Toshi- white, brightly colored but classic Victorian furniture, some shock here and there, and lots of alcohol. I was actually a little taken aback from it all, since a flood of memories started coming back. So I sat down and ordered: Yellowtail Tartare 3 Sauvignon Blancs 2 Obans 1 shot of Vodka - for an older man (kind of a creeper), who kept trying to kiss me while I was drunk, all the while repeating that he had a hot blonde girlfriend and he's not interested in me. Yes to all of them- except for the creeper. It was all delicious... however, a little overpriced. Now, don't get me wrong, I love good food/ drink and I think that the quality of the food and service was good, but not excellent. The menu boasted sliders and comfort food, which I found a little interesting when in the company of the tartare, which was the main culprit in my pricing issue. Everything was about 2-3 dollars more than the area's pricing. I ate, drank, laughed and gladly shelled out and gave a generous tip. The people there were very nice, cordial and enjoyable to be around. By the end of the night, rather than staying there for an hour, like I originally wanted to, I stayed for 4 hours and socialized near the bar. It was an interesting night. The music was good but the band was a little loud- I think that's just the way the space was set up. Next time around, I would probably order a burger or the sliders and bring some friends.
Toshi's Penthouse is an amazing Venue for a private event! Keeley was extremely easy to work with.  Everything I requested was done with rapid speed.  We even had a problem with one of the vendor's forgetting to bring a necessary table.  Within seconds, we had an extra table up in the Penthouse.   The entire staff was great.  The bartenders were so sweet. Definitely book your event ere and ask for Keeley to be your main contact!  She made everything run smoothly.
Pros: The food is 5 stars. No doubt. I had the Brick Hen for 2, ahi Tuna Polynesia and both were delicious. Top notch quality. Service is pretty nice. Of course the music is also top notch. Why only three stars: The price/portions are out of whack. The Hen for 2 is more Hen for 1. It is pricey at 26. But i can live with that but tell me the true portion. So is the Ahi, which is 16 for 4 slices. I don't mind paying that for the performances, since there is no cover for pretty good performances. Cocktails are expensive, but I guess no cover charge for good live music is what the extra charge covers which I don't mind. I can't imagine the 9 dollar pasta, and how small that is. But when you look at the menu you are expecting a deal, turns out it is just a really small pasta. Either tell us it is either a small pasta or give us a proper portion for more. Overall, change either the portions, the names or the prices, then it is a 5 star place.
This place is AWESOME!  First off - Toshi is the man.  Notice the giant classic boat if a convertible parked out front?  yeah that's his.  Notice the adorable little dog that greets people coming into the place?  yup, his too. (the dog's name is Prince Ponzu if you were wondering).  This place is a breath of fresh air, no cover, no attitude, no NYC douche-baggery.  Just friendly staff, an awesome owner and FREE live music.  They seem to find really awesome bands to book, not your average cover bands, but really cool and creative acts.  The drinks are good, I haven't had the food but it looked great.  This is one of those places that you think you're just going to stop in for a drink and you end up spending the whole night there, loving every minute of it. Trust me, just go.  you will not be disappointed!!!!
I'm sorry, but that dog Ponzu is being mistreated.  Ponzu is sitting by the door on a stool, with the door slamming shut every two minutes, and it was cold tonight.  It's a cute idea, but I don't think the level of noise and being cold is actually good for the dog.  The owner should be ashamed.
Well, not much has changed here, BUT they're very responsive and service is certainly top-of-mind. I was asked to come back and check out the improvements on the place after my first underwhelming experience. Here's the report: - The cocktails are good! "The Main Stage" definitely made a mark. - The servers are wearing slightly less obnoxious outfits (but really, red velvet spandex?). - The Thursday night band is very talented, but they're all pop covers...listening to NotRihanna sing Rihanna just isn't exciting to me. That said, they did all the songs justice and people were loving it. - The first floor acoustics could still use work. My major take-away was that Toshi is really invested in the place and he's the sweetest guy--he's there greeting people and making sure everyone's having a good time, all while toting his adorable dog. It does add a certain "living room" aspect to the place (though decor suggests something more like an underwater off-strip Vegas lounge). Give it a try--this isn't my scene, but it may be yours!
Stumbled in ... great top 40 band and vocalists playing (no cover when we went on the earlier side of the evening).  The space itself wasn't that nice... more of a touristy trap with neon lights, but comfortable for the hour or so that we watched the live entertainment.  The service was pretty horrible too, but again, the music made up for it. I think I would poke my eye out if I had to stay in this hotel though... it must be so loud!
Great experience for New Years Eve! One of the best NYE parties ive been to. Only thing i would say is the 2 hot half naked females by the ice sculpture shots where kind of salty to people. Other than that awesomeness, sure will repeat the visit.
Toshi just loves to throw a party...plain and simple. He's right there at the door attending to all the details and enjoying his guests...how often do you see THAT in NYC? We hit it mid-evening on a Wednesday and got the last table...and we stayed!  The music was live and energetic and not too loud to enjoy a conversation. We had drinks. Have no idea what they cost...it didn't matter.  Classy, hip, and friendly is worth a couple of bucks of difference to me.   Thanks Toshi, you're invited to my place any time.
Love this place! Great live music and amazing food! I had the truffle mushroom pizza and wow was it delicious! Prices are a bit steep but there is no cover and service is super friendly so I think it is well worth it. Toshi sure knows how to throw a party and I love his dog as well!  I will be back!
The band was great! Horns and bluesy and the lead singer had an amazing voice. I really enjoyed that there was no cover, the place was inviting and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this place to any mix of crowds.
Groovy bar, live music 7 nights a week!  Cool scene, clean environment.  The owner is a nice guy too!
Had a good time here! The live bands are great but at times can seem very loud when dining. The decor is great and the aquarium is amazing. Came here with a few friends to catch up but couldn't really talk over the music. The food was good and the staff is gorgeous!! Overall a nice spot, a bit on the pricey side
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and entertainment a few weeks back. I went based on all the positive reviews on Yelp. We had reservations for dinner around 8pm. We were seated right in front of the band which was very loud. I thought the bands that played here were supposed to fun and fresh. There was nothing fun nor fresh about the band that played the evening we went. I would compare them to a bad wedding band. They even played I want to dance with somebody. We were served our dinner and there was a group of what appeared to be paided extras that started dancing all around and bumping into our table. The food was decent but the place was just overwhelming. We finished our meals promptly and left. Will not be returning to this venue.
Went here with a large group thinking it was a rooftop bar. The rooftop, we were told was closed and was available only for private parties and they quoted us a ridic price for the entire space. We decided to hang out at the lounge on the ground floor, which has an interesting setting. Glass walls, low ceiling, a stage for live music, couches instead of chairs - the overall setting was interesting, different from what Im used to. There was no live music though on that day. The drinks were pretty nice and service was pretty decent - Mr. Toshi was there greeting guests. Overall, not a big fan of the place 1. The higher floors in the building are occupied by a hotel, so It feels like you are hanging out in a hotel lobby. 2. Not a big fan of the low ceiling, all glass ambiance. The couches were not very comfortable. Would try it again if/when the roof top is open.
Okay place, food was great but don't do the yelp deal. The owner runs away when you mention it and won't come back until you leave.
I was across the street at another roof top lounge and it was kind of boring and then I walked in here and the live band was setting up so my girlfriends and I decided to stay for a while. The music was awesome although we weren't sure if the band was hired or if they always perform at this venue. The fish tank was spectacular, very nice place to have dinner and relax. We only stayed about 20 minutes.
Hello fellow Yelpers!!!! I checked out Toshi with some friends one Thursday night September 2013. The place is very nice, has two floors and some very comfortable couches. The drinks are very expensive but look at it as you are paying to see a live band. The bands were also very good. Friends and I ordered some appetizers and salad. Calamari was very salty, french fries were hard not very crispy, we also shrimp eats mango salad, the shrimp were very over cooked. Nice place for live music and a couple of drinks.
Randomly went there because our friend was DJ-ing that night (shout out to DJ Poon!) Was a pretty chill place. Good live music and drinks (but expensive). Seemed like a good date spot. Crowd was a bit different but everyone seemed like they were having a good time!
Toshi's has turned into my "Cheers" Bar -- where everybody knows your name!  It's always a good time.  The  live music is always amazing. The food is tasty bar food -- love the sliders. And Antasha makes the best drinks!  She's a sweetheart, and one of the best people working there!
The couches are definitely comfy and the fish tank in the center can be zen. The band is a nice touch as well. The food though is a hit or miss. The same items can go from a B+ to a C- as the was the case with the truffle pizza I ordered multiple times. Their coolest feature was wine directly from the barrel which they didn't have last time. Honestly, I'm expecting slightly more consistent food quality for these prices.
I really wish there were negative points for places. Because this place doesn't even deserve one star! I've heard about this place and always pass it, so one night my friend was out so I said why not, let's try it out. Never again. I think what has left a bad taste in my mouth is the bartender didn't give me an itemized receipt and said no this is the receipt. I didn't have the time or patience to speak with his manager. Long story short I ordered 2 Amstel Lights, got charged $19.20??? WHAT THE? And that's when the bartender tells me that's the receipt and it includes tip and tax?? Seriously?? Monday I'll take care of it, but I just don't have time to waste my night fighting with an incompetent bartender. I'll post my receipt to show ridiculous it is. Overall, the music was okay, the sound system is messed and ruined my ear drums, I'm pretty sure of it.
2.5 stars. Not mad I stopped by but wouldn't go back. As others have mentioned, this place has potential. Venue is nice. Live music was good. Expensive, small drinks. Service was strange.... Went on a thursday evening. Walked in and saw what I assumed was a prosty sitting at the bar. She kept staring at me and my date. She just had a water. High platforms wrapped in sequin. Maybe 4 groups of people at the tables. Half looked to be tourists. Toshi's is attached to a hotel. Others looked BnT. Didn't have a New York vibe to the place. One drink minimum per set at bar or upstairs. Two drink min at tables downstairs. We went to the bar. Looked at the menu. Prices were what we expected. $12-14 cocktails. Went to order two of The Toshi - Beefeater with lemon and champagne with your choice of raspberry, blackberry, or strawberry. No wait for bartender. There are two bartenders. Me: I'll have two Toshi's. One with raspberry, one with blackberry Bartender 1: We're out of blackberry Me: Oh ok. Strawberry then Bartender 1: You want to change it? Me: Yeah. Strawberry...instead...of blackberry Bartender 1: You want something else? Me. Yes (a little louder, holding up two fingers). Two Toshi, one with raspberry, one with strawberry Bartender 1: Got it. Drinks came out quickly. Pretty good, though tiny (champagne flute). I give $27 on what I think is 2 x $12 drinks. 30 secs later Bartender: It's $28 Me: Oh! Sorry, menu said $12 per (reaching in pocket for cash) Bartender: Yeah they changed the price Me: Sorry (give him $32) Not sure what I think of this....meanwhile alleged-prosty has her man finally arrive - fat, old sugar daddy. Guess she's not a prosty. Slight distinction. All the while waitresses in skin tight dresses are walking around in circles. One apparently knows the faux prosty. None of the girls in skin tight outfits have curves. I have to look away since they have bodies of 13 year olds and seem to be doing more walking than serving. Friend of faux prosty walks to random spots, dances, then keeps walking. Flamboyant guy with ear piece (assume he worked there) also dances around as he makes his seemingly purpose-less rounds. After listening to the band - Cab Calloway type numbers with a slow rendition of a standard, good solos from all - I want a beer (not paying $14 for champagne flute worth of cocktail again...trick me twice...). They have Dos Equis, Heineken, and a Beer of the Week on tap. Me: What's the beer of the week? Bartender 2: What? Me: What's the beer of the week? Bartender 2: What's that? Me: Jesus...is this menu just worthless? Bartender 2: Ohhhh....the beer of the week is Dos Equis Me: (mentally face palming) Ok, I'll take a Dos Equis He asks the other bartender about the beer and comes back. Bartender 2: Beer of the week is Brooklyn seasonal summer ale oktoberfest Me: .... Bartender 1: Oktoberfest. Not summer ale. He said summer ale oktoberfest Bartender 2: Wanna try it? Wanna try it? Bartender 1: It's kind of dark and heavy. Me: Sure, I'll try it I take a sip of the sample and order Dos Equis instead. Band finishes up and I see a tall attractive blonde move a rectangular flight case. She must be the DJ coming up next. Confirmation when she pulls out a MacBook Pro. I tell my date, "here comes some Katy Perry club type stuff" and go upstairs to the restroom. When I return, there is Katy Perry-type club music on. We get our stuff and leave.
Been here twice and it doesn't disappoint. If live music and a fun crowd is what you are looking for then check Toshi's out.
I always have fun when I go to Toshi's whether I am with one friend or 10. They have live entertainment nightly though I've mostly been there on the weekend. The drinks are a bit pricey, but you aren't paying for a cover for the music. The crowd is all ages and you have a mix of city people as well as tourists since it is in a hotel which makes for some good people watching. The bands are all good and get lively as the evening goes on and later in the night there are usually a bunch of people up and dancing, having a blast. It's a fun place for a night out or to celebrate an occasion.
This is one of THE WORST clubs I have ever had the misfortune of being dragged to on a Friday night in my life. First of all, there's no "free music every night". It's a one drink minimum at the pitifully small bar, and a two drink minimum at the tables. To get a table is next to impossible, as the place is really small and fills up fast. My group of three waited for 45 minutes crammed at the 5-seat bar with about 20 other people, only to be repeatedly told that we could sit "upstairs". Well, upstairs had about a dozen chairs (already taken) and no tables. WTF? How exactly did they want us to order and eat our food? Put the drinks on the floor and the plates on our laps? (I have no idea if the food was good, as we never got a table.) Oh, and never mind the fact that there's no waitress service up there. So if you sit there, you have to keep going downstairs to get your over-priced drinks. When I asked the girl at the door to see the wait list for tables, she said they didn't have one, but we were probably next for a table. Probably? Excuse me, it's the job of the hostess to keep a list of people waiting for tables. Duh, even a cheesy dive like Sizzler knows that, and this place claims to be "boutique". Speaking of cheesy, the owner's face (as a caricature) is all over the place, and it totally looks like the Hibachi Boy logo. The band was okay (female singer was great) but the guy was awful. It sounded like he was trying to gargle the mic in his throat. Also, he kept trying to make people dance in the 5-foot circle in front of the stage that he referred to as the "dance floor" I was actually embarrassed *for* him at some point. I also witnessed the hostess approach a newly-arrived group of three who were dancing if they wanted a table (ha! good luck!) or if they wanted to sit at the bar (another joke). They said they didn't want to sit, they wanted to dance for a bit. Well, two minutes later, the waitress came over and told them that if they had to order drinks if they wanted to stay, and the group got disgusted and left. I would have too. If I wanted to dance, I wouldn't want to be told I had to stop and order drinks first, especially since I would have nowhere to put them. This place has a complete lack of business sense. I sincerely hope this place closes, because any owner or manager who allows this kind of shitty customer service to take place deserves to fail. If I could give zero stars, I would.
Based going strictly on drinks, atmosphere, and kick ass live music, I have to say the only thing that would have made me happier at this awesome retro mod 60's joint would have been to have Austin Powers saddling up next to me to order a drink.
This place couldn't be worse, terrible, so terrible. The servers were rude and they don't understand what they do. I passed this place several times walking near union square, and I wanted to go there, so I tried to make a reservation. Their phone number is not correct, so I just walked in. Don't even call this number 212-839-8000, this is the wrong number!!! Big disappointment. I was confused who was my server, all of the servers were busy, and just anyone took the orders and misunderstood each other. Some menus they didn't have, so we had to have alternative food that was not good. Coffee machine was broken, I was craving for dessert, but they didn't have any coffee, so I just didn't get one. Music was so noisy, I'll never go back!!! One more thing! There was a symbol dog, he was so poor, very dirty, it seems like they never take care of that dog!!! I ruined my day, toshi's livingroom was my worst experience.
my favorite first, second, or third date spot. for a foodgasm experience start with the ceviche served on a martini glass, then have the sliders. OMG!!!
Such a fun place for drinks. Great times.
A Dutchman once said: let's conquer the world and found New York... That man is still alive... His name? Toshi! The flatiron hotel owned by Toshi is the best place in New York to experience new york's enthusiasm, nightlife and comfort staying. It's guest services hit the max as well as his everyday live performances in Toshi's livingroom not to mention his amazing rooftop bar! Live New York, live Toshi... Live your life the happy way!
Looove this place!!.. May favorite live music night out place in the city.. celebrated my birthday with my friends here..loved it..i got a few drinks on the house.. the music is ALWAYS amazing..the crowd is always electric.. perfect for big groups or even a couple.. be in love and love this place! xo
I have walked by this place a few times thinking "wow this place looks hilarious in Flatiron" but then was sent there on a Grouper...holy hell we had a BLAST! Right when I walked in Toshi himself greeted me and was so nice it was very humbling and instantly gave me a warm feeling.  He walked me right over to the bar sinc he knew I was waiting for my friends to arrive and told the bartender to get me whatever I wanted on the house while I waited!  What??  In NYC?  So awesome.   The ambiance is great, crowd was mixed but the music as great!  We literally drank and danced the night away!  It was so much fun!  Their drink menu was really great....we loved "Spicy Chai" and "The Toshi".  We didn't eat food but the wings smelled incredible. I will definitely go back...probably best with a group of friends.
I had a great time here this past Friday night. I think this place just opened recently, but they had a great crowd nonetheless. I enjoyed live music, wine, and time with my honey.
Toshi's is a really cool space - beautiful building and so warm on a cold winter night. Spectacular views from the penthouse! Staff are really friendly and the food was delicious.
My God! Scantily (wrongly) dressed waitresses, great bar, good food, and live music that creates a wonderful vibe. If you come here and leave unhappy, get a therapist.
If you're looking for a double treat, try Toshi's!  We held a private event in their stunning penthouse - all 75 guests enjoyed a private bar, a candle-lit room, and a magnificent view of the Empire State Bldg from its plush outdoor lounge.  Then, downstairs in their main room, two of our bands rocked their stage.  The sound was good and everyone was helpful, and apparently the food is amazing.  The decor is elegant while still hip enough to please nearly any crowd.
Went for my birthday recently and had a BLAST!  Well served drinks along with a great band made for a perfect night. The decor is outstanding and the two floors make it easy to select if you want to be right on the action, or have a view from above. The crowd was not too young...yet not too old. In a word...GO!
I am visiting from Boston and I must say the venue & the musicians are fantastic! Tonight, I met Toshi and he was both kind and generous. A truly great experience -Thank You Toshi!!!
I found this place one random night while I was showing a friend of mine who was visiting from LA. From then on, I became hooked. I come here a lot to both relax and listen to the band plays variety of feel good music (from 80's to today's top hits) and dance. The drinks are reasonably priced (for nyc) and well-mixed. I usually just order bar food: mozzarella sticks, chicken wings or chicken. It was surprisingly delicious. The staff are very accommodating and nice. By 11ish and beyond, that is when the people start to hit the dance floor. It used to be that there was a bigger space to dance, now they made it smaller. Last night I saw a sign "No Dancing,Please" so I was not sure if they have changed their rules thus the small space. I hope not. The one small thing I can complain is the line to the bathroom is always long. There are only one unisex bathroom with 2 stalls. Otherwise, Tosh's Livingroom is a great place to bring friends over to relax, unwind and dance the night away.
Toshi's Living Room is THE place to go to for an awesome, fun-filled and quite unique night life experience in NYC. I've been living in NYC for the past 8 years and I have organized and been to many bachelorette parties, but never one as fun as we had at Toshi's. We were greeted at the door by the owner -which is unusual for a NYC club/lounge- , Toshi, holding his adorable doggie in his hands. In fact, Toshi was around the whole night, and made extra sure our bachelorette party had the right seating and service. We loved the lively and extremely friendly atmosphere and the decor. We were there on Saturday night and the live band was terrific (and that comes from someone who is not a fan o live bands). There was plenty of room to dance and the energy was high. We originally planned to go bar hopping, but ended up spending most of the night here, because we had such a great time. I am in fact planning my birthday party get together here, because it has the right atmosphere and space. I like the personality of this place and I recommend it wholeheartedly!
I enjoy coming here on weekends. Toshi is a great and personably guy and his pup Prince Ponzu is adorable as he sits outside on the sidewalk furniture. Drinks are delicious, but a bit pricey, but I guess that's too be expected from a hotel bar. They have entertainment there usually on Saturday nights, and the times I've been there the bands and singers have been excellent. It's the perfect place if your going to grab a table and hang out with some friends, or even go on a date with your significant other. The only downside is there isn't much of a food menu.
I was at Toshi's the other night with quiet a large group, for a private event. While the food is okay, its really over priced. The waitress's here aren't attentive, the staff doesn't seem to know that their doing, did i mention are rude? How could the owner be around the entire time and let the staff get away with such behaviour? Only hand the wings and sliders, which were okay, not the best I've had. Drinks are weak watered down and over priced, I believe I paid 9 bucks for a draft that was yucky to begin with! The venue itself is over rated, we had a packed house with people having to stand, there's a minimum for sitting down & getting comfy. The music was nice, the 2nd floor it set up nice also. Giving it 1 star because I have to, there's better spots in the city, save yourself! Do free drinks on Fridays at Emp
I came here tonight for a group event and, upon entry, was greeted by a friendly gentleman, who I later discovered was Toshi.  He was carrying a small dog on each arm and allowed me to pet them.  The white one, Ponzu, was too cute.  I fell in love!  This was the first time I was here and I was surprised by such a warm welcome.  Then I walked up the winding staircase surrounded by a view of a beautiful aquarium.  The upstairs area was nice.  It really did look like a living room with red couches and cushions everywhere.  Since it can become loud near the upstairs balcony area facing the stage, it is best to take any long-winded conversations towards the back restroom area.  All in all, a very nice and cozy place.  I look forward to coming back and perhaps visiting the outdoor area.
I'm writing a review only from the experience I had at the NYE party. I bought two Toshi Girl tickets priced at $60 per ticket which gave you passed hors d'oeuvres 6hr unlimited open bar and 12am champagne toast. Sounds great because I went to Toshi's before and the place is very nice, service great, food great,and band was ok. So I just knew that this NYE party was going to be peeerfect!! Everything was ok expect the passed hors d'oeuvres was not passed it was just veggies laid out on a table. When I went to the bathroom @11pm before the count down I did see a woman with a mini taco, I was jealous like heey I'm hungry, I just had so much house alcohol I need a little food. So perhaps there were "hors d'oeuvres" but they were not passed and I did not get any!!!  Huge disappointment was the 12am champagne toast that was nonexistent :(((  BUMMER!!  I just believe it was a little false advertisement going on!!
Great spot. Best place for drinks after work. Great management and owners - they make you feel like home in your living room
Really cool vibe!! Fun for after work drinks with friends. Comfy seating... great lounge... people watching... and awesome live music!
I met my friend here a couple of weeks ago. I really liked it! The food was really inexpensive and really good! I took away a star because the live music was way too loud. I could barely hear my friend. Besides that, it was a good experience. The waitresses and bussers were all really friendly too. I'll be back.
This place is great for after work drinks or a Friday/Saturday night outing... With a unique style, delicious cocktails and a very welcoming staff ~ this place does not disappoint. And my regular bartender, Antasha, matches the quality of her drinks with her all-week smile. Never over priced and always delivers!
If you are seeking fantastic live music (with no cover) and a great venue, this is the place! Toshi's is an ideal lounge to spend an entire evening. The cocktails are excellent, the staff is nice and friendly -- and they serve a food, too (try the delicious flatbread). We were there to see the fabulous Chris Norton and his amazing swing/ soul-revival band. I believe they have live music (excellent musicians) nearly every night. The atmosphere is lounge-y with low tables and couches, so everyone can actually see the band, too. The owner, Toshi, is on hand to greet guests and to make sure everything is going smoothy -- a very nice touch! It's easy to see he cares a lot about this place and his guests. Thank you, Toshi!  We had such a fun night -- with dancing, too! Can't wait to return again soon!!!!
Toshi genuinely cared about the quality of service our party received. He was there to greet us at the door, hello and goodbye, which completely blew me away. If you truly want to get your mind off things for the night and have a great time, this is the place to go.
Great live music in a clean, spacious atmosphere!
I went for soul night and must say it was a pretty nice experience. Our waiter Tony was pretty attentive and knew the menu. The performers were decent and the guava cheesecake was delish. The drink prices were up there but it is NYC after all. Though I don't know how I feel about animals being in a place of business that serves food, the owner's little dog seated by the door was unique to see.
Wow...what a view from the rooftop! Full view of Empire State Building and the neighboring buildings. It's soo adorable that outside this place they have a sofa which has a sign that says " priority seating for dogs-it's about time". Clearly, the owner Toshi loves dogs a lot as his own dog was lounging on that sofa. :) drinks are on the expensive side about $16. We had a order of wings and they were pretty good. The rooftop doesn't have a proper bar, it's literally the penthouse with a table with drinks and the outside rooftop. Overall, chill lounge. Service was great. They treat their customers well!
Great food, menu lacks details like not telling you that the chicken sandwich had chipotle mayo on it, but it does say avocado and then doesn't come out with it.  Great live music.
very impressive food for a bar/lounge!  we shared the ponzu sliders to start, which were ridiculously good and had a great sauce.  even the buns were tasty.  For an entry I had the salmon - nice big piece with some edamame puree and veggies.  Girlfriend had the veggie platter which looked boring to me but she liked it.  live music was a nice touch - we'll definitely go back for their other entrees and wings.  cocktails seemed a big contrived but we stuck with beer.
My friend made a reservation for 7 for a friend's bachelorette party. When we got there they gave us a table clearly meant for 4 people. There was no way to fit 7 chairs around the table and two girls had to share a seat. The reservation was made for dinner, not just drinks, but there was no way to fit 7 plates of food on the table. When the friend who made the reservation showed a copy of the reservation to the staff they said there was nothing they could do. They didn't just say they couldn't do anything, they gave us the most obnoxious attitude I have come across in a very long time. My friend asked if they could comp us in exchange for messing up the table reservation and one of the staff said they would go get the manager. 15 minutes later the manager was nowhere to be found. In that time, no one came by with water, no one gave us menus, and when someone finally asked for menus they gave us 3 menus, for 7 people. We did notice that those menus said that after 9pm on Thur-Sat all non alcoholic drinks go up to $8. When the manager finally came out and my friend said that if they couldn't change the table they should comp us something. The manager said the bride to be could get a free drink. It had been more than 20 minutes at that point and the free drink offer was just insulting so we all left. The manager kept telling us over and over that the table they gave us is the right size for 7 people but I've been here before. I came with 5 people and just for drinks. We got a table that was 1.5 times larger so no; the table they gave us was not for 7 people. Basically they messed up, they gave us an obnoxious attitude and offered nothing to compensate. It was only when my friend said they would be receiving appropriately awful reviews for their service that the attitude changed and their tried to be nice. By that point we had had enough and left.
went on a sat night...unless u are over forty - don't bother going there....i felt like i was at a lounge with my parents and their friends... like most the reviews - the band was pretty good, the drinks were overpriced ($14 for juice?? and i'm a lightweight!!) and the service was slooooooowwwwww...
live music every day. beautiful spot. it is a pity that the rooftop is only for private party,,, otherwise i would rate 5 stars
We had fun here Friday night. Amazing fish tank... Dangerous spiral staircase. Wasn't sure at first if we accidentally stumbled into a gay bar, or just wandered into a large private party. There was a good, fun vibe to the place and tons of people were dancing. The band LMusic was awesome. So great that we couldn't stop talking about how they would be the perfect band to book for a wedding, then of course got their card. We went upstairs to explore and the bartender was kind enough to give us a heads up of the price of the the beer we had just ordered. Quickly opted for Stella bottles instead. Once the upstairs ran out of Stella we headed back down and were kindly shown to a table so we could sit and keep watching the band. Then she told us there's a minimum of $25pp to sit there. Wish we knew that from the beginning, we would have sat there the whole time, but we were already a handful deep and killing our last beer before heading out so we walked up to the downstairs bar and stood. It would have been nice if the owners dogs weren't taking up two barstools, and the patrons had more seating but I guess that's how they get you to pay to sit at a table. Overall we had a good time and would come back when we're looking for an upbeat yet low key night.
So much fun. Great location and atmosphere. Oh yeah and drinks! We had strawberry fields martini and a watermelon martini. We also saw a fabulous band Lmusik, check them out.
Surprisingly fun place! We got to 230 Fifth late and were waiting for a while so we figured we'd wander and see what else was in the area. This place had a decent drink selection, good music, a live band and a great atmosphere where everyone was ready to party.
A good price for new year's eve but executed pretty terribly. First of all, if you purchased tickets of any kind, they made you go across the street to a parking lot to check in with a guy in a car to get a wrist band in order to enter. Sketch much? And then coat check took on average 40 minutes and it looked like coats were loaded onto a rented Budget truck parked outside the bar (jenky much). And then the bathrooms... Oh man. At first they had a set of port a potties in the parking lot across the street. But apparently they were against a church and the church called the cops to complain and 2 girls were arrested. Within the facility there were only 2 bathrooms, 2 stalls each which were co-ed. Crazy lines 20+ people on both 10 minutes prior to midnight. Really?? Come on Toshi. I expected more from you. The only reason I'm giving more than the lowest possible stars is because they gave my friends and I a group discount and it was a good time with my friends in spite of everything.
Toshi's place is everything I could have hoped for! No judgement, kick ass tunes, cozy seats, awesome decor, good service and a overwhelmingly positive vibe that makes you happy you decided to walk through the door!!
We will definitely come back because of the awesome live bands.  80s 90s genre pop/rock/R&B...they were just awesome last night.  A reservation is highly recommended.  Came in at 9 pm and left at almost 1 am and people are just coming in.  You might be given hints to depart if you stop ordering drinks and food.  They need tables for more people.  Waitresses are awesome.  Toshi was attentive.  The drinks are iced down and not too happy about it.  Food is average.  But definitely, it's the great singers and the design concept of the place makes this bar the hippest.
i could easily say there is some racial discrimination going on in that place.  my cousin suggested the place because he knew the owner.  when we (black) got there, we walked in and took a seat.  there about 4 or 5 waitresses on the floor doing absolutely nothing. 10 minutes had past and no one addressed us with a simply hello, would you like a menu?, nothing.  even after trying to get a waitresses attention, still no one came.  my cousin had to get up and  lightly grabbed the waitresses hand for her to stop, asked her for a menu and then she gave us one.  we put in our orders.  some other young ladies (white) came in sat down at our table and not even before their jackets were off a waitress came running over to our table to ask them if they wanted/needed anything and gave them menus.  when the food came out, the busser gave my meal to someone else,  they said this is not ours, i said its mine, and still he sat the food in front of the other people at our table.   oh, let me not forget how no one ever came back to the table to ask us how we were doing or if we wanted anything else.   there was a 20% gratuity added the bill (for two people), which i refused to pay because the service was horrible though the waiters and waitresses had enough time to feel one another up as if no one was going to notice.   i will say the band that night was good.  i could imagine my experience would have been otherwise granted under different circumstances, then again granted not because my skin color will never change. i will never go here again. ps: i wouldnt recommend coming here to eat either, the menu doesnt have that much of a selection; i ordered the calamari and it was too rubbery
I was here last night and it was just OK. We had 6 people at the table, the place is on the swankier side and also on the pricier side. The decor is nice, but the specialty drinks I had and friends had were borderline repulsive. Maybe the bartender was having a bad night, I don't know. Regardless, my $16 drink was not worth half of that, not to mention it was weak. It was winter so unfortunately we did not get to check out the patio deck, which looked like it would be really cool in the summer. The best thing about the place in my experience was the amazing band, LMUSIK.  I probably would not return unless there was a good reason.  I also would like to state that this review is solely for atmosphere/drinks, I did not eat here.
Fabulous live music located in a great area!  It's not as easy as you think to roam around and find great live music in NYC and here it is!  Toshi puts his heart into it and it shows.  Nothing is perfect, there are some obvious works in progress with the style of service and operations but that is the nature of a "living room", it's personal, it's not perfect or corporate.   For a comfy lounge with great music and drinks on an accessible and inviting couch, this place is awesome!  We visit frequently from Florida and it remains on our list of repeat stops.  Loved City of Six and Chris Norton, fantastic!  Thanks Toshi and Ponzu:) and your team.
Luv Toshi's living Room!!! My new fav spot. The bands are amazing. There's not an official dance floor but we always end up dancing the night away! Great food and drinks. Cool ambiance and crowd. Toshi is always there to make you feel at home.
Terrible place!!!! I had booked my wedding here in October 2012 for August 2013. In April they had gone through 4 different Managers who handeld my contract & of course none of them had known about our wedding, so I had to tell each one what was going on. I even renegotiated our contract with the second manager, and had been trying for 2 months to get it taken care of. She was either fired or quit (would not surprise me). After I went into the hotel because no one was answering my emails, I spoke with a new manager, who went to the owner and showed him our new contract. The owner, Toshi who was no where near a calendar at the time, sent the manager to tell me it was booked for that day. Im assuming because he wanted more money. It WAS booked for that day, for MY WEDDING when I signed the first contract in October. I cannot believe the unprofessionalism of Toshi! Thank you for making what should have been an amazing event more difficult, and I really appreciate that when I was in the lobby crying you did not have the decency to come down and speak with me. Terrible person, and terrible place!
Amazing live music. Amazing venue. Toshi, thanks for having me.
AWESOME band on saturday night and excellent seating .. excellent crowd .. good drinks but not so good food .. expensive but worth it .. This is definitely a place that I will recommend and go to again
This place is amazing.  Every little detail has been thought about carefully by Toshi. The staff is super friendly and outgoing, the live music is great (we saw L Music... they are incredible!). The whole ambiance of the place is very welcoming and fun. We cannot wait to come back for another night.
This review should be prefaced by saying that the staff we interacted with were all wonderful, very nice people. Unfortunately, the owner of this place is a complete lunatic.  About ten minutes after being seated and having already placed a drink order with our server, we were abruptly and rudely moved to another table.  I overheard the owner, 'Toshi', direct the hostess to do so and then "Don't say it's me, though!"  Clearly, this is a man who has no business working in hospitality.  Throughout the evening, I observed as the owner of the hotel got wasted and, when not frantically operating the spotlight and awkwardly pelvic thrusting the air, he was groping all over a customer at the bar. Of course, this was when he wasn't maniacally yelling at his staff for no apparent reason. Way to act professional.  This place has good drinks and music, and other than being moved for no reason, we were more than happy with the service.  However, it does raise a red flag for me when the owner of an establishment is being sued by the mayor's office for fraud.
I couldn't recommend Toshi's rooftop terrace more.   The Penthouse Terrace is one of the most spectacular venues in Manhattan.  Its set in the heart of the Flatiron District with a spectacular view of the Empire State Building.  The terrace is an amazing outdoor space with lots of room for your guests to hangout, mingle and party.  The outdoor couches are a great touch for lounging as you enjoy the night away.  We did an open bar and they did an amazing job of setting up keeping the libations flowing to keep our party going.  The food was surprisingly really good and I got a lot of super positive comments on how good our appetizers were.  The staff was very helpful and very focused on ensuring that me and my guests had a great time.  In particular, I'd like to thank the Directors of Happiness Jonathan and Chelsea for helping me to plan and coordinate the entire event.  They have a great sound engineer, Handel,if you plan on doing live music/DJ, and our lead bartender Saz did an amazing job of keeping of up with our many guests and kept the champagne and martinis flowing.   Some notes for guests:  Definitely pre-plan ahead.  Meet with Jonathan/Chelsea to map out exactly what you want.  This will save you time and stress on the night of your event.  Go for a pre-package deal. I got a great deal on an open bar with top shelf liquor and food.  Its a nice touch to be able to provide for your guests.  If you are going to do entertainment/AV/DJ/live music then definitely get the sound engineer.  You will definitely need the help to get everything cabled/wired up and have your sound checked.   Only downside is that there are limits on the sound volume outside due to neighborhood restrictions.  Its a bit of a damper if you want a loud booming experience outside, but you should be perfectly fine on the inside.   I couldn't be more thrilled with my experience at Toshi's rooftop terrace and highly recommend it to anyone looking for an impressive party experience.
Unfortunately, I would NOT recommend hosting any event at Toshi's. My colleague and I had an agreement with their staff to host a 200+ person event on their penthouse and rooftop, but Toshi's double booked their space and we were not able to have our event on the rooftop or penthouse. They did not even send us one email or give us any notice. We showed up an hour early for our event only to be delayed and then finally disappointed by the news that they had double booked the space. Toshi's staff actually blamed their other client for not wanting to get out of the penthouse for the event, when clearly it was their responsibility for double booking us. They scrambled to clear their lobby for our event, but it was disappointing as our guests were already there while they moved furniture around and we had advertised our event as a rooftop affair. The bartenders were nice and amazed that we had brought them so much business on a Monday night, but I will not have another event there and would not recommend their business to others. Now that this has happened, I have heard of many people having their events double booked or Toshi's staff trying to back out of events at the last minute, even weddings. Please Beware. Lastly, I don't know how they figured out I was recently engaged, but a staff member at Toshi's named Chelsea texted me at 11:30PM last night inviting me to host my wedding at Toshis. Of course, after their treatment, I would not consider this. But again, I am disturbed by their lack of professionalism. A stranger texting me on my personal cellphone at 11:30pm at night is not appropriate. If someone at Toshi's reads this, please remove me from all of your contact lists. Thank you.
+++ - Great view! from the Penthouse ++ - Loved of bartenders + - Relatively yet strong (no shot stopper) drinks - Plenty of heaters if the day is cold - - Penthouse outside is kind of small, even smaller when they put out the VIP which takes up 20% of the dance floor - Only two bathrooms (in Penthouse), which are unisex, so it can make for long wait times (They keep them clean tho) - Party done at 3, and they mean it (They start clearing people out around 2:40)
Pretty chic place, especially since it's got that primo corner location with the small stage right there for all the passers-by to look at. Visited for an event and everything was about what you'd expect from a trendy bar/lounge in the middle of NoMad. I'm taking off a star because while the service was good, they did take a little while to come back with orders or to check on how things were going. It's also a little too crowded on the ground floor seating area, so both waitresses and guests have a hard time moving about.
This is my third time here. I like the atmosphere, and the sushi is bomb. A bit overpriced, but not unlike most NYC joints. Attentive waitresses in too-tight red dresses and an awesome bartender named Alejandra. Free flute of champagne with check-in. Nuff said.
My work team hosted a happy hour at Toshi's Living Room recently and they did a fantastic job! We were placed on the mezzanine level, which was perfect for the number of people we had attending. The staff was outstanding, food / drinks were great and the overall price was much less than we were anticipating. I highly recommend this venue for the next time you're planning a cocktail event of any sort!
Toshi's living room was cheesy fun with the random music that can play. It can be either be really good or cheesy bad.
I have mixed feelings...  The atmosphere is cool as hell.  We went in and a live band was playing... (They were fantastic.)  Unfortunately the drinks were pricey and so watered down I felt like I was drinking juice.  Had one drinking and had to go.  So much potential!  Love the fish tank.
We came here for pre-dinner drinks on a Friday night and prob would not recommend it to anyone. Yes, the live music and vibe were cool but that was about it. Honestly, it was pretty cheesy. We sat at the counters facing the band. It was busy but not slammed at all, good amount of people. We were sat quickly but after that service was extremely slow and we had to request a waitress several times to order, request a check and then pay. The drinks are overpriced, we paid almost $30 for a glass of wine and a beer. On top of that, I large man with a giant sheet rock of a back stood right in front of us, leaning against the counter, blocking our view. When we mentioned it to the hostess, she didn't do anything. On top of that, Toshi, the owner, was standing holding his dogs, a few feet to our left, and didn't do anything either. Disappointing.
Stopped by for drinks on our way to a broadway play and was happily surprised.  They had a live band, which sounded great.  The place started getting packed when we had to leave, but would definitely come back and spend an evening here.  It had a feel of old world lounge meets new age feel, loved the atmosphere.
Chic space, and very inviting rooftop, but for whatever reason, this space doesn't attract a whole lot of people.  We entered Toshi's and were led past a live band with a mediocre crowd gathering on a Friday night around 6:00 PM.  Our view atop the roof was directly facing the Empire State Building.  We enjoyed the breeze along with a virgin and a regular mojito.  Drinks were average NYC prices, the two drinks rang me up to about $30.   We left around 7:30 PM, and it was still rather quiet.
About the only thing redeeming about this location is that the rooftop is really nice - not too big, and never feeling too packed such that you wonder why you even bothered making the trip. Although it's not as tall as some of the other nearby buildings, you still have a great view of the Empire State Building to the north and the Flatiron Building to the south. For a private party (which is why I was here), it is a very nice spot. Unfortunately, that's about the only positive thing I have to say. The lady at the door had a poor attitude when we came in saying we were here for a private party, and then when we got upstairs, we discovered that they had not even bothered to set up our area for said party on time. Drink selection at the 'bar' (which is really just a table set up with bottles on ice underneath as much liquor as you can fit on a table) was poor, and the prices obscene - I know NYC is an expensive drinks town, but $10 for a Blue Moon is right on, or just over, the unacceptable borderline. The beer selection is your typical big-label crap, with the only 'craft' brew (Brooklyn Lager) out for most of the night - and the waiter mysteriously disappearing for a very long time bring more up from downstairs. As for the food (which was also brought out a bit slowly) - I'd call it barely edible at best. The chicken tenders ($13 for 3) were way overcooked and flavorless, with real effort having to be made to take a bite. The margherita flatbreads, for which we waited even longer, were equally devoid of flavor and didn't seem anywhere close to fresh. It's a shame that a spot like this doesn't have better amenities, because I really do like the rooftop. But the service was a complete embarrassment, the food even worse, and the prices a total joke. I can only imagine that the folks staying at the hotel that is between the lounge in the lobby and the party raging on the rooftop are the only folks who probably like this place even less than I do.
What $13 for a Miller Light! Really?! A shot of Jacks is $14 buckaroos!!! Basically everything is doubled from any decent bar. Also outside seating! Ha! it's an old couch by the entrance, what a joke! Geez oh Pete's, they play music as loud and stylistic similar to Tijuana but at least in Mexico you don't pay an arm and a leg for piss beer (ie, Miller Light). Oh Yelpers you let me down on this one, definitely do not recommend this spot for a drink and music.
This review is for the penthouse. HORRIBLE and this place should no longer be in business. They lack knowledge in customer service and way too overpriced!!! Also. Watch out for ANTHONY THE MEAT HEAD and his ridiculous looking bowtie. It was a Friday night and after work about 10 of us decided to head here for 5pm. After settling in, we were told that a party was coming in at 10 and we said that is fine. The waitress explained that when it gets to be about 9:30 we will have to get up from the reserved table, we agreed and left it at that.We ate calamari, laughed, listened to music and enjoyed the beautiful view. Angel our server, he was amazing and very attentive and was the best part of our night. 8:30 rolled around and by this point we have spent well over $400, Anthony who looks like a complete meat head and his bowtie may have been too tight,  rudely comes over and said we need to leave now, unless we plan to buy bottles. We tried to explain that we were told we have until 9:30.  We just ordered a round of drinks and said we will leave after we finish, considering it was only 8:30,and the party wasn't arriving until 10. Anthony rudely said you can finish your drinks standing up. Extremely disrespectful and uncalled for in his delivery. We spent hundreds of dollars in this establishment and this is how we get treated? Absolutely disgusting. Another gentleman named Jonathan came and apologized for Anthony's behavior and gave us a round of complimentary drinks. Unfortunately, that gesture was a little too late and I will not be coming here again. I will also turn as much people as I can away from this establishment.
Went to this place during a get away to New York and I must say I was pleased by this place! First, I'm from Ohio so being able to go to NY itself is an adventure and visiting establishments like this one is always an added bonus. The only downfall I would honestly say about this place is the parking but again this is New York so I quickly got over the fact that we had to walk 12 minutes to actually get to the place from where we parked. When you first walk in the bar is to your right and to your left is a mini stage which during that night featured some amazing talent! It was a newly married couple who made the night that more amazing. Because I checked in I received free champagne. (FYI :-) )....the bartenders were very friendly although it took them awhile to acknowledge me but I blame it on the fact it was a Saturday and crowded. Onto the food. We ordered the sliders which were great and came very fast and I was actually shocked seeing as how it was a Saturday and the place was packed. I loved the fact that our waitress checked on us often to make sure we were ok and to see if we needed anything else. The atmosphere is great! The fish tank in the middle and the antique looking royalty chair close to it was an added bonus. My friend informed me that they also have a patio! Can't wait to visit this location again! I highly recommend this place for tourists and residents of New York! It was an overall great experience!
Came here for lunch. It was cute, has potential but the decor needs some serious updating!   Stained, torn and looks extremely worn. If this place gets some TLC, it would deserve more stars. Now on to the food.... I ordered a Cesar salad along with a cheese quesadilla with sautéed mushrooms and onions.  The salad was good and the quesadilla was a little too oily for my liking. It didn't taste bad it just wasn't what I was expecting. I'll maybe give this place another try for a girls night out.
RUINED OUR WEDDING! Reasons to book Toshi's Livingroom & Penthouse for an event: -If you love having to go over all your details again and again because they keep changing event planners and each one is less informed about your event than the last...BOOK NOW! -If you like taking it upon yourself to do all the jobs of every person who works at the place you gave money to to throw your event...you'll be quite the busy bee! -If you love being INSULTED via email by management 3 WEEKS before your wedding by ensuring you that your wedding WON'T be nice like the last one they had because of your budget...BOOK NOW! -If you're looking forward to them following through on that insult by making certain your wedding is a complete disaster, embarrassment, and full of a lifetime of HORRIFYING memories...DONE! -If you want only ONE decoration provided for your event (noting that you will handle the rest on your own)...black table cloths...but what you really, truly, actually want is several different shades, shapes, styles of table cloths that are not only pulled directly from a dirty hamper and given to your mother to decorate with...but are also full of holes that look like mice got in them...I HOPE your guests also  enjoy eating their meals atop them!   -If you love unexpected projects to stress you out on the big day...then you'll have fun showing up 2 hours before your wedding to find that not only is none of it set up as promised but also that it's not even PREPPED for setup (trash everywhere, couches, a grill and random fridge, dirty restrooms, lifted BROKEN TILES for your family to try and pat down so your guests don't trip, no event planner to be found, and no one who works there even knows there's an event that day...let alone A WEDDING, etc.) - THIS WILL BE YOUR PROJECT OF THE YEAR! -If you love walking around a venue where you don't work trying to find A BROOM to sweep their trash with, tables for dinner, chairs for ceremony, and someone to help rearrange furniture (again...doing their jobs for them) - ENJOY! -If you love your purse/wallet disappearing for hours only to discover one of their trustworthy waitstaff was the only person who knew where it was - by itself in a closet you didn't know existed...GPS much! -If you are really looking forward to the father of the bride being not only insulted upon arrival but turned/chased away by front desk attendants while trying to unload your decorations followed by not even being served a meal for dinner...BOOK NOW! -If you expect to show your closest friends and family a simple, classy, rooftop wedding/dinner party...but your idea of "classy" involves plastic cups, plates, and forks...but not even enough provided so everyone can partake (including the bride)...and trash piling up because there's no worker there to clean...Then enjoy your DREAM TRASH WEDDING! -If you like playing practical jokes on your guests by having them arrive right at 2pm like you told them...but to have the front desk geniuses tell them the wedding isn't until 3pm - their HILARIOUS WORKERS will handle that like "pros". -If you think it's funny to not even have WATER served to your tables until after you've eaten appetizers, dinner, and cake and are getting ready to leave - I hope you're not thirsty! -If you LOVE HUMILIATION like 1) guests leaving early because it's such a mess, 2) rather than saying "nice wedding, congrats" they say "congrats...but don't pay for this mess...call a lawyer!" - Prepare for the humiliation! -If you love hearing the bartenders and waitstaff express to you that the venue is always unorganized and they're used to it but that your wedding is embarrassing even for them...unclog your ears cause you'll hear it! -If you think it's funny to have your guests start delivering food to your other guests and start clearing the tables on their own because the planner up there just stands around staring at the floor...I hope you have nice friends! -If your ideal wedding night involves crying yourself to sleep (for all the WRONG reasons) - make sure you have tissues laid out next to your lingerie! -If your ideal honeymoon involves emailing the owner directly to get AT THE LEAST an official apology...but 10 days later you still get nothing...from anyone...not even a note addressing the situation and how they plan on moving forward/rectifying the situation...THESE PEOPLE ARE WINNERS! -If in ten years you envision looking back on the big day and the best memory you have is that it was handled so poorly by the venue and their staff...that maybe you can laugh a little...Then maybe you should also book your ten year anniversary here and relive the embarrassment! -And finally...if you happen to be detail-oriented and love keeping everything in writing, in pics, and on film, and have friends who volunteer written statements to back you up so-as to make sure you can prove your case in court...then get your filing cabinet oiled up and ready to go. G'LUCK
This review is about the quiet events party they held on their rooftop this past Friday night. I can't really vouch for what goes on in the first floor, but with live music it looked pretty hopping. The whole premise of this event was a party where you wore headphones and had 3 stations to choose from, with 3 DJs live. If you weren't wearing your headphones it looked quite surreal to see people dancing to three different rhythms. I loved that aspect, because my voice wasn't killing me the next day. The rooftop was nice, not that large,  but it had plenty of space to move around. The view of the Empire State Building is spot on, great photo opportunities. There were 2 bars, the outside one never had a line. I had two complaints, the first that they only had 2 uni-sex bathrooms for probably 200+ people. And also the bouncers weren't letting people sit on the couches outside, even though it was a private event. They said bottle service only.. when nobody was at the party for bottle service.. kind of weird. I wouldn't hesitate to come to an event held on the rooftop again, but I'll have to investigate the bottom floor another time.
A different kind of young bar, even walking into it early on a Wednesday night (7pm), with bright colors, couches & sofas to sit on, a smallish bar, connected to the hotel lobby. There was a lounging space upstairs, live music, and mostly young folk engaged in entertaining their night. The outside space upstairs is much nicer than the downstairs (which feels oddly crowded or like a maze trying to get through the area, plus the stairway up to the second floor gets right in the way, it feels like).
I had a REALLY good time here. Like really good! So many positives for me. The drinks were so delicious and fruity. They were not strong is alcohol flavor but gave you a nice buzz each cocktail was around $16. I had a strawberry fields and a lychee drink and would suggest trying both. I liked that the waitress( Veronica) kept checking to make sure we liked our drinks. That's cool. The music. OMG THE MUSIC. So fantastic. It was great to see the performers dancing around with the crowd and getting everyone excited. They had great energy. Even between sets the music was still going keeping the energy up. Toshi was also great. I loved how he was his own lighting crew casting a nice spotlight on the performers as they danced around with the audience. He was active is making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. The crowd is mixed in ages. There were people early 20s and then those probably in the 40+ age range. But everyone was up and dancing regardless of age so don't let the age gap turn you away. I'm looking forward to coming back!
Live music. Cool fish tank. Doggy friendly. Could use a better beer selection though.
This review is for the penthouse. It was alright. No one stayed indoors where they had music. I have a suspicion it's because they had the spastic flashing lights inside that were supposed to be cool. (Made me dizzy) The setup was nice outside. Amazing view of the city and the Empire State building. They supposedly had a 2 drink minimum but they weren't enforcing it, possibly because it was far from being packed. It was nice out but still kind of chilly up on the rooftop. The heat lamps helped somewhat but not too effectively. We stayed there because we would not be able to hear ourselves downstairs with the live music. The drinks selection on the rooftop was more limited than downstairs, but the view was nice. For some reason, I felt a bit too old for this venue. Possibly because they served wine in a plastic cup.
I've been to Toshi's Living Room a few times and have always had a great time with the ambiance, live music, and service. Recently, we had a private event on the second floor mezzanine, and I can say the whole process was just wonderful. A few hours after sending the initial inquiry about the event, I was contacted by Quentin who scheduled a call the next day to work out specifics. From initial planning to the actual event, the whole staff at Toshi's Living Room was very prompt, professional, and courteous--a welcomed interaction. Jonathan, the Director of Happiness, was kind enough to meet with us the day of the event, show us around, and ask if there was anything he could do to make our event more pleasurable. Finally, our bartender, Alfredo, was great and even helped us with setting up some of our signs and moving tables around. We were so pleased with how our event went that we already planned another one with them. Whether you're interested in Toshi's for a private event or just randomly stopping by for the night, I can say without hesitation that this is a fabulous place to be. They always seem to have wonderful live music, great drinks and food, and an awesome aquarium that you get lost in while gazing into it. Oh yeah, the rooftop and penthouse are also pretty awesome!
The first time I went to Toshi's I thought it was an amazing place. I was on the ground floor and my friends were singing on a Monday night (Soul Night).  After the first set, the magic quickly faded once the live music stopped. We were constantly pressured by waitresses to keep ordering over priced drinks and food in order to keep our tiny table. On top of that to get a larger table they have specific seating policies which they put on laminated cards around the place.  The decor is tacky, gaudy and uncomfortable.  The waitresses are forced (I say forced because I finally asked them after becoming a regular)  to wear revealing tiny dresses that leave little to the imagination and make you feel uncomfortable.  My waitress recently had to put her hand over her chest every time she came over to take orders because when she would lean in everything would come out!  She looked miserable and ashamed. At the end of the night when the musicians were packing up I noticed she had changed into regular close to wipe down her tables and could tips. SInce that first experience I have come back numerous times over the past two year. Why? Because my friends continue to sing there and they draw a large crowd. It is extremely difficult to get a friend to join me more than once because of the crammed horribly uncomfortable seating and prices. The chairs tip over and are very low to the ground to get under the low tables. Same with the couches that swallow you.   I think that since my friend have made such a huge name for themselves and a good following, the establishment has really taken advantage and milked it for all it's worth.  They now have sings up saying you MUST spend $25 per person to sit at the tables PER SET if there's music. So that's $50 for three hours of music with a half hour break in the middle per person sitting at the table. WHAT?  I would rather pay a cover charge knowing it would go to the musicians because I KNOW that money from the table is not lining the musicians pockets.  Most of them get up and sing for free.   The drink prices and food have gotten more expensive but the quality has gone down.  My friend ordered bread to nibble on with her drink and the guy came back with two slices of wheat bread straight from a Wonderbread pack.  I kid you not, they gave her store bought sandwich bread and she had to ask for butter or something to go with it and they guy looked at her like she was crazy and charged her for it.   If my friends didn't sing here I would never come back.  I have actually started complaining to them directly and told them it's time to take their show elsewhere. They are filling the place and standing room only holds about 10 people.
This review is for early evening drinks with dogs. The sole purpose we came here is because it's dog friendly and we decided to meet up with our friend with their dog instead of going to a dog run. Dog friendly - Dogs are allowed in the outside front entrance where they have outdoor table and chairs for them but they aren't blocked off and they can not serve alcoholic drinks outside.  Dogs are also allowed in the penthouse rooftop where they can be with you and you can order drinks there. Drinks - They were good and not too sweet: had the Strawberry Fields forever but I felt they were overpriced even for NYC standard.   It was a cool place to visit and see but not a place where I'm dying to go back to.
I wish I would've arrived earlier and got to go up to the penthouse which was the main reason I visited the place. I will start off with saying this place has by far the best and most amazingest (I know it's not a word lol) Calamari's I've had EVER had! It's topped with pico de gallo and served with plum sauce, it was OH SO GOOD! There is a band there that plays every Thursday & the sings mainstream music live, they're really good! Special preference seating for your doggies is also available (if you have one). While you get to go inside and enjoy yourself, your dog can lounge in the couches outside freely. Don't worry the seats are only for doggies. I definitely recommend this place to anyone! I myself will be going back very soon! Perfect spot for a summer evening! Oh & did I mention the great cocktails! Don't miss this place!
My friends and I stumbled in here late Friday night (Saturday morning at that point) after deciding 1:30 AM was simply too early to retire for the evening. The place is large comparative to other nightlife establishments in the city. Bilevel with bars located on the main floor and upstairs, Toshi reminded me of one of those clubs of yesteryear. You know...the kind you saw when you were watching "Night at the Roxbury" for the 50th time (don't even try to deny it). Everything here is done up in white lacquer with plenty of '90s era purple sectionals to sit on, neon magenta lighting, and a giant aquarium cylinder in the middle of the wrap-around staircase. The drinks are standard for Manhattan as far as price is concerned, but the bartender definitely doesn't skimp on the alcohol. The crowd is really mixed: middle aged couples trying to recapture their youth, drunken foreign lotharios who attempt to sing along to Top 40, hipsters popping their non-existent derrieres a la Miley Cyrus, and rich youth who cannot handle their sky high stilettos without tumbling down like the Lenin statue in Ukraine (this made me laugh multiple times at multiple intervals). Obviously, this place is super cheesy but its also a lot of fun thanks to the plethora of dance space and the live band performance late in the evening. Would I come back to Toshi's? For sure but only when I can find a suit circa 1998 to do side head dance moves with.
Went to a rooftop event here this weekend and it was lame.  It seems like they are still figuring out how to manage the rooftop.  The indoor part is tiny and the room's angle is awkward.  There is no permanent sound set up so the music being played on large moveable  speakers are way too loud for the space.  It gets way too hot in the room and if you go out to the patio it's also at an awkward angle.  The makeshift bar tables are disorganized and it took too long to get a drink.  All in all I would never go to another rooftop event here, this place is not designed properly nor has the proper management to organize good events.
Nice place to spend a few hours late into the night with a bunch of friends. Friendly staff, decent variety of food and drinks on the menu. Excellent live music played by an in-house band which was kind of the highlight here.
Went for a private rooftop event last night, but they double-booked the penthouse.  Our event was reassigned to the first floor area very last-minute, which was a bummer.  Apparently a film crew got dibs on the roof (I guess they paid the owner more even though our event was booked there first?).   Beware if you want to book an event here - the management is a bit disorganized.  And don't sit on the couch outside - I made that mistake and was told to get up by the bouncer because it was reserved for dogs only.     Also, I'm not really a band person.  I found them loud and not really entertaining, especially when trying to hold conversations with people.
The place was really easy to find with no wait. Unfortunately the rooftop was closed for a private event. However, the loft was really intimate and was the perfect view for the live band that night. Ordered two drinks, no food (though it looked great). Slightly more pricey than I would've liked. I'll definitely come back here though. The only issue is that when you call their number a hotel gets in touch with them, then they text you. That was a bit weird.
Well i went here lastnight with my friends it was over crowded because of the weather which was expected. But I was truly shocked when my friend misplaced her wings which was apart of her costume, and an Employee with big curly hair tried claim it as her own. Also a bouncer an older hispanic male who happens to be involve with the clepto tried to bribe my friend with 20 bucks still not admitting that she had indeed found her costume accessory and kept it. The thief kept saying she bought them at spirit Halloween and told me to look it up. Eventually the bouncer also tried telling the police that they asked us to leave several time so we appeared as the aggressors(which was a lie). I dont know what kind of establishment condones stealing from customers but these are one of the places where u have to watch ur shit. Im calling a manager today because those two unprofessional ghetto trash bags arent getting away with theft and trying to get us arrested for calmly confronting them. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy, management needs to get a better handle on their intoxicated thieving employees and maybe the place wouldnt seem so low class.
Came here  here first time for a drink at the rooftop, the "bar"  in the roof was a small table with few diff liquor and mixers...we were only able to order well drinks and beer...what i liked about it was that it was not crowded like most of the rooftops in the city and there was a live jazz music going on...we left the rooftop to grab a free yelp check in drink in downstairs bar and the live music was amazing, the crowd was really enjoying the show and the band was extremely entertaining....we stayed for few more drinks and we have been back few times after and it has been good everytime. The drinks are in expensive side, 14-18 for cocktail.. Def take advantage of the free glaas of champagne
I was out with my girl on a Saturday night and we just happened to stumble upon this place after leaving a bar. We were hungry and it seemed to be a place where we could sit and grab a bite to eat, but this place was way better than we ever expected! Everything about Toshi's was great! From the seating, which was cozy and comfy to the lighting, which gave it a warm and intimate setting, but fun and lively all at the same time. Not to mention the live band, which was amazing! They did a few renditions of popular songs like "Rolling In The Deep" and "This Is How We Do It". The hostesses were great as well and I loved their little red dresses as it gave them flare but matched the ambiance of the place as well. Last but not least, the food and drinks were great! The calamari and macaroni and cheese were mouth watering. I'd definitely go back again with more friends. If you love drinks, live music and a good time with a mixed crowd, this is the spot to go! The only drawback was it closed at 2 :(. But other than that, it was a great experience.
A semi-corporate spot in a semi-corporate neighborhood. I remember Toshi for his parties down in the Puck Building a few years back. They had topless body painted bartenders slinging sponsored liquor to the beat of ironically danceable music. When I heard that the same Toshi opened up a lounge in Flatiron, I went expecting to see the same funky execution I experienced downtown. Nope. The whole thing is low key in an upscale fashion and transparent in a fishbowl sort of way. Half of the walls here are floor to ceiling mirrors. The lights are turned way up to reveal the low white furniture and spiral staircase. The whole setup seems designed to show everyone outside how much fun you're having. There is a stage for the frequent jazz bands that play here and space for the occasional DJ. The cocktail list comes of as silly, but the drinks are good without the stone faced seriousness that plagues some cocktail lounges. The service does a decent job without the attitude you might expect in a place like this and the price isn't going to shock you if you're used to midtown tabs. Toshi's idea of a good party has evolved since his topless bartender days but his bar has benefited from the change. Have fun. G
Views from penthouse = ohhhhhh Enjoyed the Halloween party. Great music and good service. Only complaint is the lack of bathrooms.
2.5 Stars. Haven't been to the rooftop or on a non-weekend, and I've heard good things about both, but what I've experienced has been kind of disappointing on the weekend. I really enjoy the live music and the decor is really nice. They always play hits and have a lot of good live music. However, the last time I came for a friend's birthday and she was forced to get bottle service without proper notice. Forcing people to get bottle service should definitely be agreed upon beforehand. Nonetheless, we partook, reluctantly. It started getting very crowded and there was no air conditioning and the waitresses did nothing for our pleas for some sort of climate control. I feel like I should try this place on a Mon-Thurs, just because it'll be less crowded and I won't be forced to get bottle service (hopefully).
I had a wonderful time here. I've been once to one of Toshi's illustrious other events and had a wonderful time, so naturally I wanted to check out his living room and penthouse rooftop. I actually didn't get a chance to check out the rooftop because there was a single's event going on. Also I would suggest that you don't show up before 10pm. The opening band is really horrible. However the main act was really fun and awesome! I had made a reservation ahead of time for my birthday and they really accomodated us well. I had about 35 people and we took up most of the living room space but since we were all there before 10pm it wasn't a problem. Later on it got pretty crowded. I tried the rum and spice and it was really delicious but expensive at $16 per drink. We had tried some of the food too, chips and nachos, pizza, calamari, which were all very good quality considering there is so much going on at this place. I would definitely come back again.
After a LONG workday and wanting to find a relaxing place to grab a drink, a few coworkers and I found this place strolling down Broadway. Live music is a plus (a bit on the loud side sometimes), but relaxed, "living room" seating makes this a comfortable place to hang out. Watch out for fuzzy Prince Ponzu, resident pooch, running about and mind yourself on the spiral, frosted stairs while you stare at the column aquarium with some beautiful fishy specimens. I could do without staring at freezing, I-look-like-I-need-a-grilled-cheese-skinny waitresses and the occasional distracted waiter, but it hasn't stopped me from being a patron. The line can get crazy during the usual witching hours, so I'd go early if you plan on setting up shop and not migrating to your next watering hole.
I LOVED (emphasis on the "ED") this place. The ambiance and performances are always amazing. The food and service however....well...they're not so good. The food used to be good. I started coming here in February of 2012. It was new, service was great and so was the food. The food has gotten progressively worse and so has the service. I won't be coming back here anymore.
ughh this place.  What a disaster. Showed up for a birthday in the penthouse.  Seemed like a good vibe- and then the venue fell short in every aspect. + Watered down drinks and one bar tender for a very large group- it was difficult to get a drink (people elbowing and pushing over a card table), even more difficult to retrieve your credit card (bar tender favored those ording drinks and ignored anyone else).  It felt like a house cheap house party with watered down cocktails served in plastic cups. + They provided a coat rack that became over filled- to the point that people were stepping on coats- several people from our crew lost things / couldn't find coats at the end of the night- or they were stolen.   + I called the next day (and the following 3 days after)- I also returned twice to check out if anything was in the lost and found- they claim they have no lost and found from the party?  - with 500 people on your rooftop- no one left anything?   **Fishy- if you ask me. They were completely dismissive of the entire evening- to the point the guy at the front desk walked away in the middle of our conversation with out checking on anything or anywhere? + In short- this is really a cheesy hotel trying to show off and have some nightlife- but with poor management, they fail at every aspect of serving their customers and only seemed to slightly care more about their relationships with those checking in at the front desk. As a native New York (and not a hotel guest)- this is one of the worst venues / scenes. This is a place to be missed if not avoided.
Came here a few weeks ago for a drink after work on Fat Tuesday, and ended up staying till after 11. The atmosphere was awesome. Comfy couches and plush seating in an ambient lounge with fishbowl windows. Major plus was the awesome band! John Malino Band. They do a fair amount of classic rock, jazz and blues covers, peppered with originals. The band is really professional, and clearly out of Toshi's league, but they have a lot of fun. They take requests too. They played till about 9. Did I mention there wasn't a cover charge? Apparently they play a couple times a month, I'm coming back for a show tomorrow night. Food: So so, but the guacamole and chips are a must. Drinks: Subpar selection of beer, but their liquor selection is fine. Music: Honestly, I come for the music. No cover charge and fantastic acoustics and fun seating. Just buy a couple drinks and some chips. Perfect for after work on a weeknight. Service: Smiling beautiful waitresses, no complaints at all! Come here to see the live music, and enjoy a drink. There isn't a place around this area that does the same without a cover charge.
Great music, friendly staff and ambience. Always a great time! Ask for Alejandra and John they are the best. :)
Trashy place. 2nd fl serves wine in plastic cups. Big garbage bin right in the middle behind the pillar, 2ft away huge lounge couch where I was sitting. No way to get up from that low couch without outside help. And I am a skinny girl. Imagine overweight girls? No dress code. Like none. One guy bent over and I saw his hairy crack. Another girl had her stomach hanging out from a short t-shirt (that looked like a t shirt I wear to bed). Music was decent but artists had their faces and armpits all sweaty. Outfits were trashy. Would not go their again.
I came here once for my birthday last year and again tonight for dinner with some friends. The thing that stands out most is the SERVICE. It's unbelievable how great the whole staff is. Our server tonight was this bombshell blonde, Krista who kept us so entertained all night. She was so attentive and sweet. She recommended great drinks and food. And when my friend was unhappy with her salad, she apologized and brought her a brand new one that was exactly what she was looking for. Aside from that, this is a fantastic place to meet a group of friends or have a special event. The atmosphere is so lively with this great live band that plays all night. Come here. The food, drinks, and atmosphere is perfect. You won't regret it.
It was kind of slow for a friday night. Low energy night. No one was dancing except for me and my girlfriend doing the "running man" to some late 90's track. haha always making lemonade outta lemons. And I swear on our way out Toshi himself made some kind of rude remark, something about "leaving a tip" or "paying". I almost turned around for a spat, but decided against it since it was drizzling and didnt want my hair to frizz. But, reeeeally ????!!! YOU should pay me for bringing some life and good energy to your "house"
Music was great, atmosphere was fun...but my drinks were weak I had three and I'm more sober than when I got there. I would go back but pregame and drink beer to get your moneys' s worth
Love Toshis! Where can you get live pop music and a real diverse crowd? Really...like good clean fun that you can't have anymore! Love toshis! Will be back, still turning up!and GINO IS THE BEST BARTENDER! He is a sweetheart! I love him!
I am probably rating this higher than I should due to their rooftop and the bartender there. I was visiting NY and wanted to experience a rooftop bar. Very chill spot with nice couches. The bartender/server, however, is what made the experience great. He hooked us up with good food and drinks and made us laugh. Also this is a good location to see the Empire State Building. Def bring a camera at night.
You guys. Toshi & Co are the coolest. After being disappointed by a 2+ hour wait for the Nomad Hotel Bar, we stumbled into this place. There was a live band playing that night and we wandered in not knowing what to expect. We also thought the logo (Toshi's head) was super intriguing haha. Immediately, some Asian guy (who we later found out was Toshi!) kindly found space for our large party on the second floor. There are couches for lounging, a bi-level fish tank (with real fish inside!), a menu with photos of his family and dog, and TVs (streaming what was going on the stage downstairs). Sadly, on the second floor, there is only a makeshift bar. But to make sure we (and everyone else upstairs) got our drinks, the super friendly (and cute) bartender had his associate run down the stairs to get some ingredients: "Don't forget watermelon puree, jalapeno, vodka, strawberries... now repeat it back to me." And not to mention the adorable dogs running around. LOVE the concept of the place, their attentive and friendly service, their fruity drinks, their food (guava cheesecake!), and just Toshi for making this all possible!
