I come here mainly to creep on the cute guys........ha. I took my Spaniard friends here last night and they said that the peach sangria was the best sangria they've had in N.Y.  Make sure to come before 7 p.m to catch the $5 sangria for happy hour. There is almost always a live band playing at the bar and the bands are always very talented. I like that this bar is very local and there are always many regulars that come. The decor is different and interesting and the service is always great. Yay for Terraza 7!
This place was introduced to me of my friend who love different type of music,. after trying this place, I always come here for happy hour but this is the first time I get the chance to write some review, first I'm so happy that they have added another bathroom, it helps specially on weekends it gets pretty crowded. i haven't try any other drinks but their Sangria, I love their sangria and the buzz of it after 2-3 glasses. I particularly love one of the bartender here shes very accommodating. I came here once when she just open the place and she's very nice. I will make sure to get her name next time and update my review. I will always recommend this place if you just around the neighborhood as some of the artist selling their album. you get good music and drinks.
I stumbled upon this place by accident and loved it!   The decor here is quirky and fun and keeps the vibe low-key.  The drinks are reasonably priced (I only had wine, so can't comment on any of the drinks they actually make) and it was also a great deal to be able to sit on the upper portion of the bar (where the musicians perform) all night long for only $7, live music included. On the night we went, there was a lovely Mexican group performing, with a woman who Flamenco danced along side them.  They engaged the crowd and everyone was having a good time. Those who did not want to pay the cover for the band and didn't mind standing were downstairs, where the atmosphere is more of a traditional bar, although I'm sure they could still hear the music coming from upstairs, since it is not a closed ceiling/floor between them, but rather it is more of a terrace (as the name would suggest!). I would absolutely return here for another event, although I'm not sure it would be worth the trek on a night when there is no performance.
Love this bar/venue! Reminds me of Ann Arbor where I went to college. One of those really unique spaces with a really unique vibe that you grow to love and then daydream about when you move away. 1. Terraza = terrace. Which makes a whole lot of sense when you enter. Two-tiered drinking/entertainment experience here. Live music (mainly latino, brazilian, afrofunk) almost nightly, although to sit in the open balcony to view the band is 10$. On nights where there are no performances, you can sit there with your drinks and chill. Otherwise, the bar is cozy, the music can be heard clearly and the decor is eclectic enough to keep you entertained. 2. Cocktails and sangria. Good piscos here....I really liked the one with kiwi (think it was called the cumbia amazonica). All drinks are made by hand, so don't get miffed if it takes a little bit to receive your order. SANGRIA HERE IS AMAZING. Tastes almost like my mother's... and we all know there's nothing that tastes better than nostalgia. 3. Happy hour. 4-8 M-F. 5$ tap, 5$ sangria...pitchers are marked down, too. Good mix of people here (actually at all times). Definitely not the 2nd avenue still-wishes-they-were-at-their-frat/sorority-­house scene. I digs. 4. Decent bottles of wine at decent prices. They are often out of the Verdejo and Tempranillo, but usually have Malbec and Cab. I think bottles are around 40$. Anyways enjoy! There's definitely no bar like this for a 3-mile radius (and if there is, please show me the way, I'll buy you a drink). Sometimes the man and I come here for a no-frills date night. Which usually gets us buzzed enough to justify Pollos Marios or the Taqueria Coatzingo location at 79th/Roosevelt. Siiigh. I love Queens.
Very cultured place! I love the mexican truck right around the corner and the authentic drinks. I enjoy coming here for the chill vibes and live band.
Nice little neighborhood bar, I like that it is low key and the decor is very unique. We drop by on a Tuesday night and it was relatively empty ... Seemed like mostly regulars that day. They have decent section of $7 draft and $10 mixed drinks which tasted pretty good. I actually don't mind coming back for the HH and live band.
Cool place to grab a drink and just chill. Pretty small place so I wouldn't recommend going with a large group. They have live music on certain days of the week and poetry nights. Such a unique bar for the area. Worth checking out.
Just a really solid bar that had SingleCut Mahogany Ale on tap when I was there. Almost like a hoppy stout...but not a stout, but it's one of my favorites so they get mucho points for that. I was actually surprised to see SingleCut on tap at what seems like a very hispanic place. Was $6 a pint so I was cool with the prices. There was live music going on directly above us. But seriously, directly above us because the floor on the level above was just like a subway grate. I probably could've caught sweat dripping down from the band like snowflakes if I really tried. Yeah, I wasn't that guy. The place is tiny and feels super divey, which is more my scene then some super fancy place with $15 cocktails. Yep, I'm a cheap date. There are even a bunch of seats that were old kegs with cushions on them. Remaking beer paraphernalia into usable furniture? Oh yeah, I definitely belong here.
I have been living in this Neighborhood for over 20 years and finally  found a AWESOME SPOT where they play Live music, cozy bar, and Awesome drinks! Super small hole in the wall Lounge, literally 500 square feet (I am guessing) with 2 floors. Small bar with lots of selection (Beer, Alcoholic beverage). I kept ordering the Peach Sangria ($8.00) and it was tasty and a bit of sweet in it. Live music varies every night, but you can check it out online and see who is playing before you head there.  It wasn't packed on a Thursday night (10 pm).
I didn't try any of their food, but the glass of tempranillo was nice. What I enjoyed with my friend was the apparently open jam jazz session. I'm not exactly sure if it was open, but different musicians would join in friends and strangers alike. They joined to create great music. The second level is a bit small, but my friend and I were really feeling the music and danced. It's hard not to feel the music. I would definitely return and meet new people.
I really enjoy this place.  Jazz bar in the Jackson Heights neighborhood. Plus I'm a very big fan of their Singlecut - Dean Pacific NW Mahogany Ale.
Had this place bookmarked for a long time and finally checked it out. It's a really great neighborhood bar with live music on the second floor which you have to pay $5 if you want to sit in and grab a front seat to watch the band. There is no cover for the first floor and you can hear them just the same. The space is small but it wasn't overcrowded. You get a city-like vibe without the city-like prices. Music was great and drinks were good. Would definitely swing by more often.
I was here last night for the closing readings for Queens Writes Weekend and had a good time. I've never been in a place like this. The steps and upstairs seating area are so weird, yet awesome. The clientele is interesting as well -- lot of characters. It's the kind of unique place worth leaving your own nabe to visit. I recommend strolling down Roosevelt Avenue from the 74th Street subway station in Jackson Heights for the full surreal Queens experience.
One of my top go-to spots for nightlife in Jackson Heights. This is not the typical kind of bar you'd find in the neighborhood. The decor makes for a super relaxed and chill vibe. There are two floors, a smaller ground level, and a second level equipped with a stage and bleachers for in-house live music performances. I always go for the sangria when I'm here, it's super tasty! A nice local spot in Jackson Heights/Elmhurst, only a block away from the 82nd street train station.
Go for the music. Ignore everything else. The promise of a live band brought us to this spot. The shape of the space is unusual, its kind of a weird quadrangle with a set of steep winding stairs as soon as you walk in. The decor is random, colorful and reminds me of Mexican art, although I'm probably wrong about that. We got there before the set of a band we never heard of and settled in by the bar to drink before the show. The bar wasn't really crowded and the tiny bar had three bartenders, but the service was still slow and spotty. The drinks weren't that special, but they were decent enough. When the band did start playing, it was some kind of Central American folk music complete with dancers and a six piece band. You couldn't really see the dancers from the bar unless you decided to look straight up for twenty minutes. The acoustics in the bar were very good and there was nowhere in the small space that the music couldn't be heard. We left with mixed feelings about Terraza, unsure if the music was worth another trip across Roosevelt. Have fun. G
Terraza is an authentic Latin American music venue in the heart of Queens. Been coming to this place for the past 5 years and never disappoints. Try this place out if you haven't yet. I recommend going after 10pm on the weekends... Que viva Latinoamerica carajo!
Live music!!!! Love this place. After work and stress day I come here to relax and have some drinks. Sometimes it cans be pact of ppl.
My poetic adventure finds me here at Terraza for "Jackson Heights Poetry Festival." This is not a cafe per se as it is a bar lounge for live music and poetic performances dive-y ish appeal for jam sessions of emerging artists. There is no food served here, thus I advise patrons/ music spectators to eat something before arriving here. Here lies a small suspended midair metal stage in a loft style on the upper level which depicts an illusion to be disillusion. It was rattling while I walked to the microphone and its crate floor base is surely intimidating as it does not feel secure.  Yet Terraza houses good acoustic with a clear audible microphone without the annoyance of an echo for voice lag when propped on the microphone stand.  Seating for spectators is three tier wooden bleachers of a high school gym and only one exit/entrance to this upper loft. The exit/entrance is a very narrow ill-advise configuration. On the lower level sits the bar and the bar tender is attentive to serving patrons with my Seltzer water at an utter dismay of $3.00.  I believe there is Happy Hour available.  There is one unisex facility which houses an eye sore male urinal and a pipe expose faucet with a broken hot left knob. The cold right knob is functioning but oblivious how to turn it on.
Why do I like this place? It's most probably because the energy I get here is positive. I'm surprised to see a place like this here; most of those similar places I've been to are found in Brooklyn. I also like the way they've designed the whole tiny place that can accommodate a crowd in its upstairs section. I'd say that experiencing live music here is simply BEAUTIFUL. Period.
I've never seen such a variety of specialty drinks in queens. This creative nook in Jackson Heights depicts represents our Hispanic culture while celebrating diversity through music. Love it.
Terraza is one the best spots I've found in New York. There is nothing like it, and I hope no place like it pops up. When you go, the people who attend aren't there to get trashed, they want to listen to good music. You see beaming faces, filled with the sounds that surround them. For good music, a good ambiance, and an unforgettable experience, visit Terraza 7.
The most eclectic bar in Elmhurst, music is great. Mixed crowd. There is always something different going on. My go to bar when I just wanna relax and have a few drinks. You can bring your own food. I've been coming to this place for years, it can get loud and crowded.
Terraza 7 Train is a laid-back boho bar, just south of Roosevelt Ave, under the ever-atmospheric 7 Train tracks. While the clientele is largely Hispanic, the vibe is welcoming to all types of people. The pictures of Che Guevara and the funky décor give it a renegade character, while the artsy types who flock here (many Spanish speakers) transport a newcomer to a scene that is probably more akin to a trendy café/bar in Mexico City or Buenos Aires than an otherwise gritty part of Queens. Is Terraza the best bar to strike a chord with the artsy crowd east of Queens Plaza? Probably. Is it worth the trip from Manhattan or the other Boroughs? Depends on your level of adventure. What Terraza remains is a nice and friendly safe-haven in an otherwise chaotic stretch of peso bars and gay/strip nightclubs on Roosevelt Ave. If you are lucky, try to come on one of the nights where Terraza is featuring live music. Just don't sit too close to the stage (which is elevated on the rafters above the main bar). The place gets pretty loud - so loud that it even drowns out the rumbling of the near-by 7 Train. Quite an accomplishment! Added benefit: Terraza is literally on the same block as the mind-blowing Jackson Heights taco truck, Tacos Guicho. Combine the two for an amazing night out in the Boroughs.
If you're in NY for a stay-cation as I am this spring break, and want the feeling of having journeyed to another country -- or another reality altogether---  look no further than the Terraza Cafe. Just off Roosevelt Avenue (but not on it -- apparently, this part is key to its vibe) is a place my handsome date described as Bohemian Latin. - Uh, just what does THAT mean?  I asked, imagining some misguided outfits I wore to my 7th grade Latin class. - You'll see, he promised. Five minutes later, I was ensconced in a hammock overlooking a rustic loft-like space that could best be described as Terry Gilliam meets my uncle's recent "Tropical Delusion" party out in Jersey.  The crowd, largely Latino (and theoretically -- from what I'm reading on their website -- "bohemian" and "eclectic") were doing their best to chill out.  N.B. - In Cafe Terraza terms,  "chilling out" seems to mean taking momentary breaks from intense flirting to listen to bands (in our case,  a group that reminded me pleasingly of the soundtrack to Friends.)   In honor of my stay-cation, I requested a frozen pina colada --  the perfect dessert to our delicious dinner at Pio Pio (a short cab ride away) as well as the appropriately sweet ending to one heck of a second date.   ps - If you're a hipster like me, steer clear of political discussions here, as  ex-army/McCain folks abound. It'll sour and otherwise sweet time, and prevent you from singing God Bless (Bohemian Latino) America as you're recovering from that Pina Colada the morning after.
La Terraza is incredibly cozy, friendly and full of good vibes.  It's the type of place that you can actually have some good conversation with people you've never met before.   They have a sweet layout with couches and a full bar downstairs.  There're tiny tables for groups on the terrace upstairs.  There's also a small DJ booth but I've never seen anyone man it.  The music here is really chill from Erykah Badu to Radiohead. There's also a projector on the bottom floor where they show oldschool cartoons or music videos. La Terraza also has a hanging (literally) stage that local artists perform on.  The management is really open to throwing events from local hip hop to a bunch of folks doing oasis covers.  The stage isn't usually occupied though, unless there is an event planned.  On regular days, this bar is full of mostly beautiful young neighborhood folks.  I think someone called it the Columbian hipster hangout before but it's not intimidating at all.  The bartenders always put on an excellent playlist and have been hella accommodating about requests.   They've got really good mixed drinks and a happy hour specials.  Right by the subway too!  Really a lovely place.
There's no "if you're in Jackson Heights" premise to my review. This bar is worth trooping to regardless! Although I'm not sure what the bar looks like on an average night, I recently attended an event for a local Colombian artist who exhibited some of his life's art here. A night of drinks and art can't be beat. I believe the bar has an objective to showcase local artists be it music or drawings or whatever. I think thats a huge plus in this city. The bar is super funky with two levels and a projection monitor showing films or in last night's case, this artist's life work. Come for a coffee, a tea, or a drink. I highly recommend this bar and can't wait to return. Fantastic friendly vibes from all around. don't be surprised if you find yourself walk in alone and line dancing out the door singing We are the champions. ****4 stars for great atmoshere, interesting art showcases and good drinks. I'll be back soon to upgrade this puppy.
I love this place i usually come in with a bunch of friends on fri. Or sat. Every week  But lately music being control by owner its bad all you listen to is Salsa. It wasnt like this before they use to play all types of music so some times it makes us want walk out but the bartenders are awesome. If it werent for  them we would have been long gone!  Drinks are great here you should try the mojitos made by ricki or paula they are really the best!
This place is AMAZING! I love their sangria and they have an awesome happy hour menu which includes pina coladas, long island iced teas, chocolate martinis and more. They also serve coffee and tea. The bartenders are very friendly and very accommodating to your requests. The place itself is small but it feels like home. They have some very cozy decor and a suspended stage where local artists perform frequently. They have a terrace upstairs surrounding the stage which provides great seating to watch the bands perform. I love coming here with my boys; we always have a great time when we visit. I recommend this place to everyone it's an awesome place to rock it out with a live band or to just hang out with your friends.
This. Place. Is. AWESOME.  So you walk in, right?, and it's got a small bar and some seating and it's kinda tiki hut kinda urban chic kinda Latin funk.  If it's during happy hour, you can get a pina colada or a long island iced tea or a chocolate martini or like eight other choice drinks for like 5 bucks.  Yeah, that's right.  5 dollars.  So then you have a choice--downstairs or upstairs?  Let's say you go upstairs, right?   I'm not gonna lie--it's tiny.  It's teeny tiny.  There's seating around the perimeter.  Perimeter of what?  Well, there's the awesome part.   Terazza Cafe has a stage that looks kind of like a pirate ship and it friggin floats out from the friggin wall.  So what you thought was a ceiling above your head as you stood under the front door was really a stage that is not a ceiling.  Nope, it's detached.  There's a banister that goes around the whole thing and to get on and off the stage you need a lesson in rock climbing but that's the glory of it. The great thing about this place is that it supports local arts.  It's small and cramped and when I was there in the zero degree winter chill the heat was pumped up so high that I wanted to strip down to my undies, but that's the kind of mood that makes art what it's supposed to be.
I rarely say things like this, especially on the internet... but dammit, Terraza 7, I love you, I bring my taste for music for you to satisfy, I bring my dates to you because you're so warm and comfortable to kiss in, it's like a threesome. And you provide me with drinks, well made, and at a moderate price.... As long as you're in my life I refuse to remain monogamous....
Terraza 7 is a wonderful Latino bar/music venue. They sell a small amount of craft beers if you're into that. The atmosphere in this place is very chill.
I've been here at least a dozen times, and that's muy poco compared to the crowd of regulars that makes this tiny little bar their go-to hangout. It's super small, but has two levels- on the bottom there's the bar, some sofas/benches for lounging and the one bathroom. There's a projector screen hanging from the wall where they show old Spanish movies (subtitles, no sound) or Web pages about the live band that's playing upstairs, which you can easily see/hear from the ground level because they set up on an area where a chain link fence serves as the floor. Everybody dances- beyond me how they make that work with the five square feet of floor space- and everyone knows everyone. The whole place just feels like it's a tiny little boho Columbian bar you'd stumble across in Bogota while backpacking through South America. Best Terraza story: I'm there with some friends at about three in the morning on a weekend, and in comes a mariachi off the street, full getup and everything. He gets a beer gratis from the bar and walks around chatting to people- like I said, everyone knows everyone here. He stands in the middle of the floor and everyone crowds around him, shouting requests. He strikes up some old-world Mexican love songs, just him and his guitar, while everyone sways around him, singing along. Literally the entire bar, every single person, knew all the words. The only reason this place loses a star is the bathroom. It's not very well taken care of- we're talking water all over the floor- and they always run out of toilet paper and don't replenish. Seriously ladies, if you go here, bring a small pack of tissues and some hand sanitizer in your bag. You won't regret it. I know it's in Jackson Heights, but seriously, move your lazy ass and go already. And if you don't already know Spanish, maybe learn a few phrases along the way!
Drinks are awesome and at a good price. Bartender is nice. Nice place to sit back and listen to urban music while you talk with friends. Great environment. Love Live Bands.
Real dope and laidback setting. Perfect place in Jackson Heights to chill, relax and have a beer. This was my first time here. I really don't go into Jackson Heights that much. I will be going here often now.... There's free use of internet right on the bar.
Friggin' awesome place to hang out! the above statement sums it all up..one pf the best bars i visited in NY..incidently my penultimate evening out in NY.. its a little, cozy, hole in the wall kind of bar..no matter how awkward its location is it is highly recommended.. have a huge variety on the menu...wish could have stayed for their live music performance...a must-go-to place
Unlike many of the sleazy go-go bars in Jackson Heights that always display 'se necesita mesera' signs, Terraza 7 Train Café boasts an artsy friendly atmosphere. I live not too far from it and decided to check it out one night. I thought that this would live up to what was presented on their website but I was sorely suprised. First there was supposed to be  a band playing that night. I called up the place and I even checked out the website and was assured that a) the band was playing and b) there was no cover charge. So I came there and found that there was going to be no show. Second, the place is so teeny tiny that you have to squeeze into the place. Additionally the drinks were weak so that's always a bad sign. Furthermore the crowd there wasn't as friendly as I would have liked. Everyone seemed to be stuck within their own little world-and I expected so much more. I guess that it might have been a off night for this small lounge, and I might come back to give it a second try. But it's always bad when you promote an event and it doesn't occur. Also it said that they accept credit cards but when I went to pay it said 'Cash Only'. This place gets 2 stars by me because they show promise of being better than a 1 star but need to communicate effectively what they are going to have that night and other need to know information like methods of payment.
Great hang out to grab some friends and drinks while listening to whatever and whoever is on that night. Live poetry or music, etc.
They have a hammock. I think that merits 4 stars right there. This place reminds me of a tree house. They were just opening when we got there, and the owner invited us to go up to the loft and hang out. There was great music playing, a lofted bandstand, and a drum circle starting up. They also have movie nights, and an LGBT night. We didn't get to try their drinks, but I will be back soon.
The entertainment was great. The performance was top notch. It was a bit hot! Maybe someone to turn on the air conditioner.  I order two drinks but didn't really feel anything, maybe I had a full stomach walking onto the bar.
Excelente musica, buena vibra.  Nice authentic spot for very good world class music and nice drinks.  Interior makes you feel welcomed!
Excelente musica, buena vibra.  Nice authentic spot for very good world class music and nice drinks.  Interior makes you feel welcomed!
Great place to hangout, i was there on a saturday and they had live music, if you like rock en espanol you will love this place.Mixed crowd and very nice people, the girl at the door was very nice, they guys at the bar were ok. The had a full bar and reasonable prices and the Guiness on tap was a bonus point. The only reason  i'm giving 4 stars is because of the limited space. I'm comming back for sure
Hello to my very own Regal Beagle. Complete with a surprise 5 dollar martini special and projections of Betty Boop. This place is hip without the attitude.
Unique ambience, live music and good drinks.
Fun, eclectic, unique, friendly, open late, free Wi-Fi.
This was a good cafe now it's not  the music is being control by the owner from home so the vibe is not the same there are not alot of people coming by no happy hour what is going on with the owner you can't  control everything from home without knowing what is going on at the bar        I suggest you go to another bar. Bands play but you can not talk. What kind of bar are we in is this New York what happen to just have fun at a bar and talking and having a good time. Coming soon new bar the go to will let you know.
We need more places like this is in Queens. It's artsy and bohemian without being pretentious. They have a really good selection of wines and an interesting cocktail menu. Terraza 7 is also a great safe space for artists to congregate and support each other. Love it here.
Never had a let down in this place. They have HAMMOCKS!!!! on the top floor where the live band performs; their choice of live music is so cross country, specially South American. Makes you appreciate it and keep coming back for more.  Sangria is well made and the crowd is chill. Enjoy coming back here with My Hunny for a relaxing Friday/Saturday night.
I'm pretty stoked about this place. The crowd is real chill, sweet mesh stage on the second floor you can look at from below, laid-back decorations; it's a great place to practice Spanish. My only reservation is the drinks are outrageously expensive. But... I guess if people will keep coming in cuz it's that cool they'll know they can raise the prices. Oh well, guess it keeps some excess crowd out.
One of my favorite spots in queens. Love the bartender Paola. The sangria has a little twist to it. Definitely a spot to chill out. Monday nights are karaoke nights
Nice place to grab a drink, meet up with friends, listen to some music. Good, affordable drinks. Cover your drinks if a bunch of horns are playing on the overhead stage. Saliva may drip.
Its the best relaxed placed to catch a drink and smooth music around elmhurst. What else can I say its like 2 blocks from where I live and its the best u can find besides mexican bars(no offense but there like 3 mexican bars on every block) still great place to hang out and chill ....
Coll, hip and cozy place, given everything else around is...not everyone's cup of tea to say the least.  The only thing that pissed me off is the drinks.  15 for a watered down tap beer and cheap whiskey for this place was a ripoff.
Awesome venue to rock out at.  The bartenders are super cool, pick the best music, laid back, and great drinks.  Never disappointment by the musicians that perform.  This place is becoming the Mecca for artists throughout Queens.
wasn't that impressed.  i live down the street so we decided to check this place out one night.  there was supposed to be a band...they even had the info on the projection screen straight from Yelp.  but, like another reviewer said, no band & no explanation.  the beer selection was way too specialized. only imports? that's not going to appeal to most people in this neighborhood.  get some light domestics and make us lesser folk happy. when i heard their alcohol selection, i literally said to my friend, "Well, at least i know never to come back here again."   i finally figured out a drink i could conjure from their menu, and it was made with the worst vodka ever! not even Smirnoff quality. i asked for more mixer & got it, so it was a littler better.  my friend went down & ordered us a second round...when mine came, it was NOT the drink i had previously.  all of a sudden there was cranberry juice in it.  i mean, the drink was pinkish-red, but there was never any cranberry mentioned! so bizarre.  another friend went to get me a 3rd drink, and this time it was right again. so, not a very consistent experience.  not sure if i'll ever return.  maybe if i don't feel like walking more than 50 feet.
chill but energetic. just like how life ought to be.
