So believe it or not, this place will cater.  We had Uncle Gussy's for office lunch and it was one of the best office lunches we've had.  I've been on my own to the truck and thought it was good, but when we had a buffet of everything that Uncle Gussy's makes, it was really tasty.  Feta - good, salad - good, french fries - good, dolmadas - good, lamb - good! The only thing was that they forgot the pita so he had to go back and it took another 20 minutes for him to come back with some warm pita before we could dig in.
Unlce Gussy's Oh how I love thee! Seriously one of the best trucks around and don't be discouraged by the line bc it moves quickly. I've had almost everything on the menu and its all good! For a meal no more than 8 dollars you can't beat it. My favorite dish is the chicken gyro. The meat is always well seasoned, with an ample amount of toppings and thier sauce is amazing. ( Warning garlic is on the strong side so be prepared to have garlic on your breath afterwards lol) The service is great! The man taking the orders is so pleasant and if anything is wrong they have no issues accommodating you. If you're in midtown visit or if you work in the area it's a great spot for the weekly rotation.
I came to NYC from Canada just for this place! The food is excellent, portions are big and Taziki sauce is amazin! staff very friendly! Just some advice uncle gussys is only open mon-fri lunch hours, so plan your day accordingly.
Food trucks can be hit or miss, but these guys hit the nail on the head!  For just $6, you can get lamb, chicken, sausage, or souvlaki over rice topped with some AMAZING tzatziki, other sauces, and a bunch of vegetables.  They also have all of this in a pita with optional fries, which are very tasty.  The portion size is substantial enough to put you in a seroius food coma for the rest of the afternoon.  It led to a fairly unproductive day at work, but oh was it worth it!   One helpful: definitely get there either at noon (or earlier if you can) or go on a day when the weather isn't ideal.  If its 12:30 and beautiful outside, plan on waiting 15-20 minutes to order.  Even if its just a light rain outside, you'll barely have a wait.   Just Salad is right across the street with plenty of healthy places in the area, but sometimes you need some unhealthy deliciousness on the cheap.  In the words of Tom Haverford, "Treat Yourself!".
It's been spelled out already, long lines at lunch that move quickly, order is filled impossibly quick, friendly staff and inexpensive.  Got a huge double-meat gyro with the infamous tzatziki sauce that tasted (as advertised) like it was just made hours ago.  I think all-in with a bottle of water it was $7 plus another dollar for the tip jar. Good stuff.
You can find Uncle Gussy's where all the food trucks like to hang out in Midtown during lunch. There's always a long line, but it moves fast as the service is fast. I got the combo platter which was more than enough to fill me up. This features lamb and chicken over rice with a house salad on the side. The chicken is actual chunks of chicken instead of shredded chicken, and the lamb comes in large sheets like you would see if it was cut off of the roasting thing (was told that this was the spit). The rice is perfectly seasoned and not overwhelming. It's long grains and compliments the meat and sauces well. I haven't tried the other options, though I hope to and will update this review in the future. I also got a baklava since I'm a sucker for sweets and desserts. It's pretty nutty but the sweetness is just right. It might be a little dry between the layers, but overall, I was satisfied. I don't think I would specifically seek this truck out to eat at it, but I do recommend this place if you're looking for something a little different from your midtown salads and soups for lunch.
Just tried Uncle Gussy's for the first time.  I had the combo platter and was blown away by the flavor in the chicken and lamb.  So insanely good.  I can't wait to go back again.  My new favorite food truck!
If you see the lines....first of all it moves fast! 2nd the wait is well worth it!  When your in the mood for Greek gyro's, platters, Greek salad etc and your in Midtown Manhattan you have to stop at Uncle Gussy's!!! Now if you go to one of the local deli's and ask for a gyro they will throw some frozen processed strips on the griddle! Now if you want freshly sliced lamb off the spit, you have to try Gussy's!!!!  My favorite is the  lamb over Greek salad. It is really good! They prepare it with mixed greens, with huge chunks of feta cheese, red onions, black kalamata olives, cucumbers . My second favorite is gyro sandwich deluxe. Slivers of luscious lamb served on a pita with lettuce, tomatoes all folded and neatly wrapped served with a big portion of crispy seasoned fried. Omg my mouth is watering just thinking about all this food!  They also offers chicken if you don't like lamb. Platters served with rice, burgers and more. They also offer Greek pastries and specials.
I got the chicken over rice platter and made sure there were a ton of tzatziki and hot sauce. That still did not help it taste any better. I've tried this food truck twice and it's pretty bland. I understand this is Greek style but it didn't give me any satisfaction. WHY WOULD ANYONE CHOOSE THIS FOOD TRUCK OVER THE HALAL GUYS ON 53RD AND 6TH?!
Went out to grab lunch and felt the siren call of Uncle Gussy's.  Pork Souvlaki sandwich with fries $8 and just delicious.  My only complaint is the fries don't stay hot but it was a long walk.  People in the truck are nice and friendly.  I will be going back more often.  No line since I went after two PM.  The tzatziki sauce was amazing!
Went to this food truck when it was in Boston for the food truck throw down. They were the most efficient line and offered us fries while waiting. Friendly staff witha  good sense of humor and not annoyed by the crowds. First time through we got a lamb gyro. So good. The tzaziki was awesome. Heavy on the garlic though... Not a pre date meal. We went back to try the chicken version. Not quite as good as the lamb, but still excellent. Wish they had a truck here in Boston.
The facts: -Understably long lines during lunch -Real home-made food from the cook's mom -There really is an "Uncle Gussy".  It's the cook's uncle who used to own a food stand around the corner -True family business The review: -Amazing, amazingly good lamb gyro and souvlaki over rice ($8) with the best thick taziki sauce.  The souvlaki (grilled skewers of lamb) is always so tender, juicy and charcoaled to perfection.  The rice? undescribably perfect.  The gyro? Best I've tasted.
I've been searching for good lamb in NYC and I finally found it! 53rd and 6th (The Halal Guys) is so overrated. These guys do Chicken & Lamb so much better than all the places in Manhattan. Perhaps it's because these guys are from Astoria. Anyhow the chicken is always fresh and the lamb is amazing but filling and I do feel like taking a nap afterwards. Get here early because they leave before 5PM most days. Line gets a little long during lunchtime but it goes quickly. 5 Stars!
Traditional Greek Cuisine in a cart form.  YUM.  If the truck is around - get there early!!  There are very long lines, but it moves fairly quick.  I'm a fan of their Chicken & Rice.
I had been running into Uncle Gussy's in Astoria around 6:30 in the morning on a regular basis. Then I found out these guys are actually stationed in midtown, 5 blocks from my work. So I just had to ask : Me: Yo what's the deal with you guys parking on the corner of Broadway and 31st st. in Astoria every morning? UG: We stop by the bakery for coffee and donuts every morning.  You seen us there? Me: Yeah.. like almost every day bro. Smiles all around.. we are already best of friends... the only thing left is a hug which is hard to pull off as they are inside a truck. Oh well, hugs will have to wait. I make do with the pork souvlaki sandwich instead. For $6, you can't go too wrong with this. It's saucy and spicy and the flavors are good. Their tzatziki sauce definitely gives their food more character. They ran out of lettuce but that's hardly anything I would ever complain about. I mean who cares right? It's friggin lettuce! They've done Astoria proud. Actually I'm not sure if they are from there - but whatever.
Best food truck ever!  I've tried the Greek chicken salad, Chicken K-Bob, & Veggie platter.  All amazing.  All about the sauce.  I always get mine with "The works", you should too!  More than enough food, but you can't help and eat it all b/c its soo good!  Doesn't hurt that its very reasonably priced AND the staff are very friendly!  Do yourself a favor and check em' out if you're in midtown east.
Lunch truck heaven.  There are a few trucks that I would give 5 stars too (eg, Halo Berlin), and this is certainly one of the them.  The food comes out insanely fast, and the guys giving you the food are always really nice. I get the same thing every time: lamb with the works, over rice, with lots of hot sauce. God bless lunch trucks.
Hands down the best food truck in the midtown area, and it even beats out most of the overpriced, froufrou, "business lunch" spots in the 50s. My tastebuds are disappointed that I didn't seek this place out sooner, though my waistline is fairly ok with it. I had the gyro/chicken platter "greek and spicy." When I opened up the giant box of steaming meaty/saucy goodness, I was a bit concerned about the sauce:meat ratio, which I thought was TOO sauce-leaning. But one bite of the lamb doused in yogurt-and-not-mayo-based-tzatziki and suddenly any thoughts of oversaucing were soon gone. The meat was tender and flavorful, with nary a burnt or weirdly cooked piece to be found. And for $7?? Definitely a must-try (over and over).
Where else can you get a huge gyro and chicken kabob platter for $6?  The meat is well-seasoned, for the most part, and decently juicy, and the tzatziki sauce is pretty good.   Get it topped with grilled onions and peppers and black beans.  I paid an extra $2.00 for the white meat chicken but the dark meat is actually juicier albeit less virtuous.  The rice is solid and not dry, which is the important thing.  If you are looking to get lunch and dinner for under $10, get a platter with extra meat and a pita (around $8 for everything) and the portion will easily last 2 meals.  The line can get very long around lunch time but it moves quickly and the food is worth the wait.  The prices are unbeatable, too.
If there is a better food truck experience than Uncle Gussys I have never had it (and I have had at least my fair share of food truck experiences).  So many great offerings here it's hard to know where to start.  Big fan of the habanero shrimp special (when available). Love the pork souvlaki platter Greek and spicy style. Definitively worth a try, especially if you are not a food snob (I.e. won't eat at a food truck).
I first saw Uncle Gussy's on either the Food channel or the Travel channel, forgot which one but you know I had to swing on through. The guy helping us was super friendly and could probably tell we were tourist by the way we stared at the menu. While it wasn't the halal food I had a few blocks over at 4am it is the Greek/Mediterranean halal type which is just as good but different. I enjoyed my combo plate and asked for extra tatziki sauce since all the reviews talk about their sauce. It's pretty damn decent!
Uncle Gussy's is awesome. The best $6 lunch in midtown includes chicken or souvlaki over rice and I like both The Works or Greek and Spicy. The chicken is cooked perfectly- always tender and perfectly seasoned and it's covered in sauce- I like it saucy. Get here either before 12 or after 1 because the line can get really long on nice days. But the line does move very quickly. Find this gem on 51st and Park and eat on the steps of St. Bart's. Heaven.
So the other night I was watching 'Salt' (a lot more entertaining than we've been led to believe) and there was some crazy action going down at St Bartholomew's on Park Avenue. Angelina Jolie was looking particularly fine and suddenly I was salivating heavily. But the drool was all for Uncle Gussy. Yeah, that's right. Wanna fight? Hang on, I'm not being random. During the week, parked on the southeast corner of 51st & Park, is a cobalt blue truck whose interior teems with the bustle of no less than three guys, feverishly serving up delicious Greek food to go. There, within a stone's throw (or an ass-kicking) of the church, sits Uncle Gussy's truck. There's the usual assortment of meats -- lamb, sausage or chicken -- accompanied by fluffy Greek-style pita or chicken-flavoured rice. These can be garnished with lettuce, tomato, beans or onion, and topped with tzatziki and/or hot sauce. Any would make a good meal, but the chicken and rice is my favourite. Don't ask why, it's just good, OK? I'm telling a story here. If you're one of those folks who rave about the chicken and rice from the halal cart at 53rd & 6th, then you need to pass on Uncle Gussy's. No, seriously. I don't think you could handle it. Same as you couldn't handle Angelina's Rolling Earthquake Lips locked around your... OH, so I ALSO noticed that Corey Stoll had a bit part in 'Salt' and now he's playing a detective on 'Law & Order: LA', another surprisingly engaging bit of entertainment. Gotta say, I really enjoyed the movie. OK, that was a bit random.
The souvlaki over rice with feta, tzatziki and hot sauce is magically delicious! Totally worth the 15+ minute wait in line, most of which is in the shade, thankfully. They are lightning fast and accurate (how they keep the orders straight is beyond me, but they do) and operate like a very well-oiled machine. And the guy who takes the orders calls me "love/sweetheart/honey", which makes me smile (because he's not creepy about it). The fries are also really good. $6 for a lunch that is delicious and filling - can't beat that!
Best Souvlaki in the city, growing up in Astoria, it's hard to pass up the double Souvlaki over rice dish with "EVERYTHING" and the smile. How did I find this place? Best Shish kebab stand in Astoria (you know, the corner that has all the people eating at with the other three corners giving dirty looks over your way), told me about his cousin over on Park Ave when I asked if they represented in the city. I even have a calendar invite for my office buddies for when Uncle Gussy's mom cooks. Great salad dishes, affordable prices, great service, never get an order wrong and never short changes you like some other trucks out there (lolz, really? Yes... Truly...) Souvlaki Combos with Sausage is also a choice. I guess I should try the Gyro sometimes... but it's too easy to find a favorite dish and devour it all the time =)
The only criticism I have is directed towards myself for being such a lazy lummox and not walking up Park Ave to this Hellenic oasis a long time ago.  Uncle Gussy's has been on my radar for a while now, I've been stalking them on Twitter and Midtown Lunch, and at long last the temptation of the shrimp souvlaki special pushed me over the edge.  I'm so glad that it did. Undeterred by a line stretching down Park Ave to 50th and resolute against shirt-soaking humidity, i was rewarded with a ridiculously generous serving of delicious grilled shrimp marinated in a piquant roasted pineapple spicy  jabanero sauce (clearly housemade).  The platter is served with Greek salad (crisp mixed greens, ripe juicy tomatoes, tangy feta and olives), that was as refreshing as it was delightful.   BONUS - the guys that run the truck are absurdly customer-friendly, and gladly gave me the disproportionate Greek salad to rice ratio that I obnoxiously requested.  They also keep the line moving quickly, but somehow manage to cook to order and preserve perfect quality. SUPER BONUS:  I didn't have this (yet), but today they were serving Aunt Georgia's homemade baklava (?!?)!  I also hear that there's a frozen Greek yogurt spin-off that's often next to the truck.  Must return for this. Today, Uncle Gussy's has converted a long-distance admirer into an intimate companion.  This affair is about to become torrid and long-lasting, methinks.
Hands down the best food truck in NYC. Great price, delicious food, AMAZING specials. I go there every day of the week. Home cooked meals served fast!
I noticed in my last review i said that this truck has the best combo over rice in the area.  this was obviously before i tried the 53rd and 6th halal guys.  The main reason that i like the halal guys better is the rice, i like the rice at the halal guys much better.  But this is still a very solid meal, and is definitely a close second to the halal guys.
These lines are fiercely long but don't let that deter you. The Uncle Gussy crew are experienced in the fine art of food trucking. There must have been 25 people in front of me.. after zoning out twice and about 5 minutes later, I was asked for my order. I froze for a few seconds, overwhelmed by options but shouted out the standard "combo platter, hot/white on the side". Sat my butt down on a lovely afternoon across the street in front of the BoA and tore this baby UP! This is THE GO-TO lunch spot for anyone at 345 Park Ave. It's right outside so you can enjoy some extra time to yourself or take it back to the office.. although I'd recommend the break room so you can have some privacy with the deliciousness. Note: Get one extra side of the tzatziki sauce if you prefer to get them on the side. One is not enough!
I don't know which one of the guys working in the truck is Uncle Gussy, but Uncle Gussy, if you can read this, I love your delicious, quick truck food. I saw their truck parked around the corner from my office and it had a log line during lunch hour. I figured the food has to be good to attract a crowd this big. I was right. I ordered lamb gyro platter with rice and all the "works" with hot sauce and the Greek sauce. It was a very tasty lunch choice. The lamb was done just right, and all other ingredients were fresh. Big portion for only 6 bucks. My second time i tried chicken over rice platter with all the works and liked it a little better than lamb. The chunks of chicken are huge! And also delicious and only 6 bucks. They also deliver, and you can order through Seamless-which is cool, considering it's a truck. Uncle Gussy is like an uncle i never had, but always wanted.
This is the real deal. I just had their gyro on pita bread and it was 100% spot on. You will be completely satisfied. The owner of this cart is in a family of food cart owners that include the iconic souvlaki stand across from the Baby Gap on Steinway Street in Astoria. They know their stuff. Oh and super nice and friendly. Pay no attention to any foodie elites who say otherwise. As someone who proudly hails from Astoria I know how a gyro is supposed to be and this is it.
Went back the other day to give them another chance. This time ordered a greek salad (horiatiki) w/ chicken souvlaki, pita, and tzatziki so they couldn't [hopefully accidentally] pollute the meal with hotsauce as they did last time. Salad - just a normal lettuce salad with a couple olives and a few small pieces of feta.  Low quality ingredients.  Not a greek salad (hints- lose the lettuce, change the dressing to just olive oil, salt, oregano, increase the tomato and cucumber factor, add more good, larger feta, insert a couple capers, make everything fresher, and leave out the thick black hair I found in mine). Chicken "souvlaki"- Garbage.  It tastes like the same chicken they make at all the other halal foodcarts in nyc, but nothing like souvlaki. Pita - had an off taste (like it was slightly bad then they microwaved it) and wrong consistency (too hard, not fluffy)). Tzatziki- closest part of lunch to actual greek food.  It was basically just sour cream and garlic powder.  No dill or cucumber to be seen Summary: If this place just billed itself as a normal food truck, I'd be fine with that (though still can find better quality and tasting food elsewhere).  But they pretend to be serving authentic greek food and that ain't so.
i remember standing on line at gussy's truck at least once a week whn i worked in the midtown east area.  totally worth it.  always amazed me - getting such fresh food frm a truck... but boy - i really miss those lamb kabobs...
Came here so late in the day, they were out of chicken! Though really my fault, what was I thinking taking a lunch at 3pm? Ha ...ha...sob. Anyway, they still had some delicious greek cheese pie and goddamn, that thing fed me for three days. Three! And I like to eat! A total deal at $4. The people were super nice and seemed really sorry my sad ass took such a late lunch.
I read about this food truck on good ole Yelp and decided to give it a shot after my  office mgr decided not to order food for our meeting.   I waited for 15 minutes on a long line, while passersbys commented that the food must be good to participate in this line.  In my mind, I agreed. I ordered the combo rice platter with "the works" tzatziki and hot sauce and onions (oh my).  The cost, Yelpites? $5.  :) I just finished it.  ALL OF IT.  I am very full.  It was worth it.   I deducted one star because the food was not piping hot when I made it back to the office (4 blocks away).   I'm trying to eat less as a general rule, but I will be back in a month or so...
Excellent! $6 platter made for a good quality big meal.  Popular spot, long lines but moves quickly. People working the truck are fast and efficient but without compromising on service and friendliness!! I am a fan!
This food truck is AMAZING. Now I understand the long line everytime I walked past it. The food is delish and fresh. The guys that work the truck are very nice and very quick. The price is unbelievably cheap!!! Oh and their white sauce is the best in town.Will be back and wait in line,it's totally worth it!!
I love checking out new street carts that I haven't been to. I've already checked out the Indian cart run by the two ladies (53nd & Park Ave.) and Rafiqi's (52nd and Park Ave.), so I walked a block further with a coworker to see another cart making a low humdrum sound from the generator running underneath. There was a small line, so we decided to jump on and give this cart a shot which was run by two guys (a cook who looked slightly aloof/bored with his white earphones on and the charismatic guy who cheerfully said hello to everyone and took their orders). It took about a minute per customer, and I was up to the front in no time. I stuck with the usual, chicken and lamb over rice with salad and sliced tomatoes, and also requested some sauteed onions along with white sauce and hot sauce. I noticed that the chicken was sitting in a huge pile on one side of the grill as well as the gyro meat. As the cook was preparing my meal, I noticed that he thought he put too much chicken and lamb in my platter and proceeded to take some out with the tongs until he was content with the proportions. I also noticed that he did the same with the several customers in front of me, but I disregarded his nit-pickiness. I was glad to hear that they were still only charging $5, where many other carts have already been bumping up their prices to $6 or more due to inflation and the rise in price of goods. I took my platter to the adjacent 2' stone ledge situated right in front of the Blackstone building. I pulled out the styrofoam container out of the brown paper bag and it felt lighter than usual. When I opened it up, I also noticed that the portions were slightly smaller than the usual halal food cart, ranging from the small-portioned rice, to the lamb, to the chicken. The white sauce looked a little thicker and slightly chunky than the usual white sauce, and the hot sauce was very thin in consistency. I took a couple bites hoping for some delish food. The salad felt slightly old, losing its crispness. The chicken was tender but a bit bland, and the lamb was tasty but slightly hard (probably because they had pre-sliced the lamb off the doner-kebab and let it sit on the grill for a while). I like for my lamb to be sliced right off the doner-kebab and thrown on the grill to cook and sear it a bit. The yellow rice was pretty plain tasting and nothing to rave about. The white sauce helped bring out some of the flavor, it almost tasted a little bit like mayo and tasted of herbs. The hot sauce only added a slight kick to it, and I was wishing I put more on to bring some more flavor to the platter. I also found that all the food was only moderately warm to room temperature, which was a slight disappointment. In all, I was glad they have not inflated their prices, but instead I got smaller portions and food that was only slightly warm and lacked in some real flavors.
While I was waiting on the line, I quickly gained respect for the main guy controlling all the orders. He was cordial, organized and patient with all the customers. I loved how he would say "I got your back" to the guys who got their orders in after one customer put in a ridiculously big order. I ordered the lamb gyro rice platter. He did call me honey but it was really sweet surprisingly. The wait was about 30 minutes which wasn't too bad. The rice platter was really filling, not over-the-top amazing, but for $5, I think Uncle Gussy's deserves 4 stars over 3.
Nothing can beat $4 meal that lifts up your day, and leaves a warm and fuzzy feeling in your tummy! I can't believe I haven't discovered this until now. I tried a chicken and lamb combo over pita with white sauce and mild hot sauce (i'm a wimp). Note: Eat it with a plate because it gets messy. I'm sure watching me biting into this wasn't my most attractive moment, but I really didn't care as the mixture of flavors bursted in my mouth. I'm was in my happy place. That said, the line during lunch time gets really long (rightfully so), grab a friend or that co-worker you've been meaning to have lunch with and stand in line, it is well worth the wait.
Waited in a very long line to try their Lamb pita-it was well worth it.  Probably in line over 30minutes because the Lamb was backed up on orders.  Everything on it was amazing and I would highly recommend waiting in line for their yummy.
Best food truck ever! I get the chicken and rice every time with the special BBQ sauce. Amazing! Super nice employees as well. Despite the long line that seems to be a daily occurrence, they work quickly and the wait is never longer than 3-5 minutes.
Uncle Gussy's has of the best chicken/lamb and rice platters in the city, which translates well for their standing in my food truck ratings (top five). I'm surprised by the lack of reviews because I swear there is always a crowd at Uncle Gussy's around 12. The truck has become a weekly staple with me and my co-workers because of its superior quality, diversified menu and affordable prices. Platters are $5, soups and dessert run $3-$4 and specials range anywhere from $8-$10. I usually get the mixed platter with extra meat and the works for a cool $6. I can't find another place in the city (besides Famous Halal Guys) that serves this high quality food from a truck at such affordable prices. Honestly, the extra meat is unnecessary and a regular platter could fill me up but wouldn't it just feel weird to spend only $5 on lunch in Midtown East? My co-worker, who admittedly is more experienced with Greek food than me, says they have the best gyro in the city and I'm inclined to agree. However, I'm actually more partial to rice - fluffy and not oily - seems like the perfect complement to the heavier chicken and lamb. The tzatziki sauce, which can be only described as cool, seems authentic with hints of cucumber. My co-worker also got their pork chop special, which has him hooked on the truck. He said everything (pork chop, salad, etc.) all blended together for a complete, but not too heavy, meal. I believe the pork chop special are only available on Thursdays. Soups are always made by mom and desserts are made by Cousin Tony. I wouldn't doubt the homemade claims as there is just a je ne sais quoi about homemade food that makes the taste distinctive versus manufacture products. I heard Uncle Gussy's originated in Astoria, one of the most heavily populated Greek neighborhoods in NYC. I would be surprised if Uncle Gussy's did perfect their craft in Astoria. They aren't as sexy as some of the newer trucks, such as Korilla, but I think Gussy's is a solid contributor to the food truck scene. Follow them on twitter @unclegussys for daily specials. They are always parked at 51st and Lex.
All I can say is that it is only $5 dollar.  Better than the damn footlong at subway. These guys got it right.  Today, I walked over to check out the street vendors on 52nd and Park Avenue.  Saw a huge line and decided to jump in. I ordered the rice plate with the combo meat (chicken and lamb) topped with white sauce.  The dish came with a side of lettuce, tomatoes, and cheddar cheese.  Yum yum yum.... And, did I say that it only cost $5.  Yes... I assume the $5 includes tax too... This is awesome!
I've passed this truck many times and it's the aroma of the fries that gets me... I finally decided to try it out and boy, was I not disappointed!   The chicken pita deluxe on whole wheat was delicious and is definitely a must-order for next time.  There wasn't quite enough tzatziki sauce, so I might have to order some extra on the side next time. Will definitely go again, but expect a 10-15 min wait :)
Finally a real gyro! Line wasn't too bad, service is fast once your order is taken. My gyro was cooked perfectly and the sauce [they call it white sauce] was excellent...now let's talk french fries wholly @#$% they were GREAT, almost a lite tempura taste to them...MMM. For $7 I got the sandwich, fries & soda...I'm back next week
Yelp motivated me to walk 6 blocks for lunch to Uncle Gussy's. I love food trucks and especially when there is a long line. Its kind of reassuring that you have come to the right place. The food can fill up your stomach for the rest of the day. I ate it for lunch and believe me, I wasn't hungry till 9pm. A plus to the Tzatziki sauce, but the rest of the meal was pretty much like any other food truck serving chicken/lamb over rice. The feta cheese topping was a success. The rice was a tad bit disappointing - kind of heavy and not as creamy as I would like it to be. Note to myself: Let's not get too greedy for $5. Overall, totally worth it and a must try.   I would go back to try the fries (you can smell them for a distance) and the salad.
I was shadowing in a clinic at MSKCC on 53rd street and yelped a place for lunch. I had been craving for some Greek food and hunted Uncle Gussey's down. At 1PM, the line was maybe 15 people long and I quickly was able to place my order. After much deliberation whether or not to get the pork souvlaki, I decided to go simple and order the Lamb over RIce, Greek Style ($6). They give you huge chucks of lamb and a good amount of great tzatziki sauce. The lamb is a little charred on the outside but moist on the inside. The rice was cooked well. I wish this place was closer to where I live. A great place to grab lunch if you are ever in midtown. 4/5 stars.
Rode up on my scooter from the Flatiron District for some greek lunch! Listened to the tip from other fellow yelpers - and went right at 11:30am - definitely missed the lineup while we sat on the church steps enjoying our delicious food and watching other people wait for theirs. Love my gyros with tzatziki and spicy sauce, the fries are awesome...service was good - next time I'll have the rice platter - really good value!
My pregnant co-worker HAD to have Uncle Gussy's today...even though all my other co-workers loudly exclaimed "it's raining! don't go outside, it's raining cats and dogs!!!" that's how good Uncle Gussy's is. Being the newbie that I am.
Don't make the mistake of believing this is super authentic Greek food. It is, however, super delicious cart food. After a lot (A LOT) of meals here, I have settled on the Chicken combo with the works. The rice is buttered up, the chicken is tender, and the food look very messy. Couple points: -- I've tried the lamb, and it just doesn't do it for me. It is heavy, but not particularly juicy, and the edges are done a little weird. -- The food is cheap. Probably $5-8, depending on what you order. -- Avoid lunchtimes (like 12-1) during weekdays. You are just asking for lines. -- I suggest you eat it all -- the food starts to look really weird if you keep it overnight/more than 1 night     :-/
"Mary had a little lamb, and why does Mary love the lamb so"...? Because this lamb is regoddamndiculous! These succulent morsels of shaved, twice cooked infant sheep is how the Greeks created an empire. One bite, and you'd fight and die for it too.   The line is usually insanely long. But moves fast, so don't let it discourage you. The tzatziki, which is the best I've ever had. Is made more of sour cream rather than the usual bland no fat, no calorie, dribble. Have a splash of their spicy hot sauce if you like a punch. Mix it all up and put that in your gullet, and you'll be spartan warrior with a belly full of deliciousness. Even the fries are amazing, crispy with a hint of olive oil and spices. The kicker... A Gyro platter (which is accurately pronounced "Yee-roh"), a drink, and order of fries for $12! Take my money sir! I'd happily pay $30 for the best gyro this side of the Mediterranean. Glory to the gods it's good!
I wandered by this the other day and was pleasantly surprised by the tasty lamb gyro (with extra feta), the prices, and the friendly guys working the cart. Nice to grab something from here and then sit enjoying it in the plaza across from St. Bart's while soaking up some sun. Too bad I discovered this place at the end of Summer...
I loved this place. Absolutely loved it. The line is madddd long, but it goes by pretty fast the closer you are to arriving at the right time (the right time is 11:30-12:00 btw). I've had it twice, it didn't disappoint me either time. I got their chicken and rice platter with tsatsiki sauce and hot sauce with grilled onions (or "the works" as they call it). Their meat quantity is off the chain, their rice is fresh, the tsatsiki sauce pairs amazingly well with the hot sauce. The best part? These guys are so freaking friendly you kinda just wanna hug 'em. They're on their feet for a good three hours or more, and they still manage to have a smile on their face when they're serving you. Plus, they call you honey/sweetie and you know they really care. However, they get four stars only because the first time I went, they were offering a special "homemade" apple pie, and I got it. It really wasn't very good at all, nor did it taste homemade. Other than that very minor complaint, get anything on their menu. It's all delicious. My friend had some seriously delicious souvlaki from here. Just don't try any "special" desserts of the day (these are usually listed right by the ordering window, written on the white board)
Pretty cheap, pretty delicious. No complaints. There are better food trucks around, but not around work. People on Yelp seem to go gaga for their spicy sauce. But (1) it's not that spicy, and (2) it's not that special. (It's basically Chinese chili sauce.) Also, if you eat their platter too fast, it does a number on the insides of your body. Your guts feel fine, but you feel lifeless for seriously half the day.
Really good stuff.  I got the meat combo rice platter.  It was more souvlaki meat than others.  But it was all very good, I doubled the meat, and the whole thing was $6.  Pretty good bargain. And as others have pointed out, the taziki is definitely yogurt-based and really good, and the guy at the front of the truck was affable and just what you'd expect.  Line was about seven deep when I arrived, had my food in about six minutes. A very solid option...
I have nothing but LOVE for these guys and their oh-so-orgasmic food! Uncle Gussy's has become my new workout motivation because these Greek gods do not skimp on the portion (and I have enough love for the food to gobble it ALL down)!! Both chicken and lamb are meaty, flavorful, and juicy (what more can one ask for?!). Sauces are spot on and the grilled onions...oh boy! A $6 platter with enough to feed two?? OH YES PLEASE! !!!
I randomly walked by this place and saw a long line of people, so decided to try it.  Definitely the best chicken over rice I've had in the city.
Came here for lunch on a rainy day, which probably explains the very short wait  (I heard the line is usually pretty long). I got the chicken and souvlaki rice platter with tzatziki sauce plus grilled onions and black beans.  The meat is out of this world!  Very well seasoned, moist on the inside and nicely charred on the outside, what can be better! This is by far the best street meat I have had, and in terms of bang for your buck, Uncle Gussy's is it!
No complaints at all, being that I am having my fifth lunch in 3 weeks from there... I tend to find my self not knowing where to go or what to get for lunch, this has now become my go to spot... Need a greasy meal, they have it, need some rice and meat! pork, lamb, chicken, sausage, burger... they have it!! need a salad, they got that covered (which is what i got today), snacks...? covered, fries are amazing, at least that is what I think! what else... The guy Nick is cool peeps and the menu has a nice variety to it, white sauce it legit and hot sauce has a nice kick... For the money spent and amount of food you get, it's all good! The chicken has that nice grill flavor to it! Ya can't go wrong! Give it a try!
Got the lamb whole wheat pita. Good portion size and no guilty feeling afterwards because there is a good amout of tomatos and lettuce to balance out the heaviness from the lamb. The line was long, as always. Service is really good.
Uncle Gussy's is my beautiful day comfort food lunch spot. I work a few avenues away, and it is ALWAYS, always worth the work. I've waited for 30 mins for some Uncle Gussys and I've also walked right up to the truck to order -- it totally depends on the time of day and weather. My standard: chicken with rice, greek and spicy. For $6, I could feed two people. I think the Greek sauce has crack in it, it's so delicious. Everything is so good. The guys on the truck are INCREDIBLY nice (ladies, you will be called "hun") and the food is prepared very quickly after you ordered. One time when I went later in the afternoon, they were cooking new rice, so they suggested alternatives, and I suggested french fries after hearing people rave about them. Delicious. (& I didn't get upcharged for them!) The baklava is also really great.
Pretty standard "Halal Food Stand" type of food but better flavor and quality in everything. Same price, too. I wanted to try something new other than my usual Lamb over Rice. I ordered the Beef Burger and was NOT disappointed. I asked for it to be well done. It was pretty good for a well done burger. My friend got the same thing but asked for the sauces - GENIUS. He said it was delicious - I'll take his word for it b/c the sauces are actually above average. Line can get pretty long during lunch time BUT it moves pretty quickly. Even if there's 50+ ppl waiting, you'll get your food in about 15 minutes. There's 4 guys working in 1 truck. Great assembly line action. Going there again, today :D
Lightning fast, tasty, abundant and cheap! What in the world could beat all that?! (It's very possible I'll bump it up to 5 stars once I've tried other items on the menu)
When I got here, there was a long line, but I trusted the fact that if there's a line it's got to be good. I had the combo with extra hot sauce. It's a bit smaller than the portion that you would get at Halal Guys , but it's more flavorful. I'll definitely come here again now that I've had a wonderful experience here.
The best gyro I have ever had. The spicy sauce made it extra amazing. One gyro was the perfect amount to fill me up after a long day trekking around the city, with lots more walking around that evening. I will definitely be returning the next time I am in NYC.
The food is Authentic, not a letdown at all especially if you are a Greek-food aficionado.  The Greek salad with Chicken is my favorite, and no matter how hungry I am I can never finish it. They never skimp on the good stuff, filling up their platters and salads with meat and veggies, not whatever is cheap. For the price, ranging around $6, a lunch jam-packed with hearty stuff and amazing flavor, there is no other comparative place in midtown. This is not to be confused with typical halal-style food.. it is Authentic and quality Greek! The line is long but I never stand on it for more than 4 or 5 minutes. They're really quick, and the guy who works the window is nice.
My first time to try a food truck in NYC and I must say that i don't regret regret my first food truck experience in NYC.. I had the chicken platter with greek and spicy sauce. The chicken was so tender and the sauce gve it a very a tasty kick to it.  It was so good that i wanna try it again before i return back to Montreal.. Very good quality food with huge portions at an extremely reasonable price... :)
i'll have another chicken lamb combo platter triple threat onions peppers black beans & feta please
Perhaps the best $7 I've ever spent.  I had the combo platter, Greek and spicy with feta.  The meat was so tender and delicious.  Don't be intimidated by the line; it moves super fast.  Took me all of 20 minutes to wait, place my order and get my food... and that was with about 30 people in front me.  Well worth it.
Yes, there is a line during the busy lunch hour, but it moves pretty quick. On the menu, there are quick instructions on how to order what you want. I got the pork platter with rice and beans and a salad on the side for only $6. Pretty good deal for a full meal. The guy who took my order is friendly and keeps engaging every customer. I noticed he takes care of his regular customers. After trying this cuisine, I'm definitely coming back and hope to be a regular.
This truck is busy for a reason. The Lamb (not cubed lamb, but sliced gyro lamb) over rice with feta and white sauce is great when you want a quick, filling cheap lunch. The white sauce is good, though doesn't seem like it's home made. Home made Tzatziki would make this a great choice. The lamb gyro is typical from any vendor but for the price of $7.00 with a soda is great. The rice is always good. Plan on a line that starts at 12:00 and lasts until 2:00. It moves fairly quickly.
Uncle Gussy's is better than any of the Halal meat stands in the city.  For one, it is Greek food, which is awesome.  Second, the white sauce is their homemade mixture of sour cream and yogurt, not those indigestion causing mayo based sauces the halal carts drown their food in.  As busy as it was and with a long line, it was refreshing to see the guy taking the orders was helpful and courteous.  I wish there were more Uncle Gussy trucks in the city, as it's location is not close to my daily routine.  But after hearing about it and seeing it on TV I had to try.  The best lamb and chicken truck in the city!
Great discovery. I try to visit the Uncle Gussys truck at least once whenever I travel to Manhattan.
Cheap and filling. The spicy sauce is just way too delectable if you can endure the spice. Lots of options in the menu.
By far the best lunch I've EVER hard.
Taste the grill
We try new food trucks all the time but it's always a decision between whatever new truck we should try and Uncle Gussy's.  This was the most juicy, delicious gyro I've ever had.  I'm going to be so sad when I move out of New York and can't eat the lamb deluxe anymore.
Combo Rice Platter Really tasty, great sauce to food ratio, friendly staff. *Beware: You will get called buddy/honey/sweetie.
I  used to walk by this thing every day and it use to tickle me that some miscreant had tried to replace the "G" with a " P". For that alone I am giving it 5 stars.
Best lamb chicken combo rice platter is off the hook.... can't beat $5 price tag. White sauce and hot sauce is tasty. Lamb is cooked and seasoned well. Expect long lines during lunch time.
This food stand has ruined every other pod cart in the city for me. It's awesome, and therefore I realize how crappy the others are in comparison. The ingredients they use, from the meats to the lettuce, are all high quality.  The sauces are great as well. Definitely one of my new favorite spots.
I work near this truck and the line is always very long but one day it was drizzling and no line! I jumped in and ordered the combo platter with an extra souvlaki. Wow it's good. Reasonably priced and the food was excellent. I didn't think it would be that much better than the Halal carts but I was wrong. I'll have to time it right as I see the long lines although I'm told they move quickly. I am a fan.
When I was working on a project in midtown, I would literally eat here almost every day.  It's that good.  The chicken is simply phenomenal.  Perfectly seasoned.  And I would always get it doused in hot sauce.  Watch out, because it isn't for beginners.  People always talk about Halal Guys, but it's not even close.  Lines are pretty rough here, so I usually like to come at 1130.  Their desserts too are top notch.  Finally, Uncle Gussy's gets the respect they deserve from the food bloggers and I'm definitely pulling for them to win this year's Vendy award.  Now, if only they could have a second cart for Wall Street.
Love this food truck - it's one of the best. Great service from nice guys, quick moving albeit long line, but most importantly-- cheap, good food. Get the souvlaki over rice with "the works" (grilled onions, hot sauce, tzatziki) PLUS BBQ sauce. Most people don't get it with BBQ sauce, but try it and don't forget to thank me later.
Lot of food (also good and delicious) for a very small price...i felt that the gyro was a bit dry though... Will definitely recommend to others as a good lunch spot.
Uncle Gussy's was my saving grace today.  It was cold and snowy and there's nothing like Greek home cooking at it's finest and cheapest.  The pork sovlaki was out of this world R...I...D...I..C..U...L...O...U....S!  I,m a lemon-holic and this was the right amount of lemon and juicy-ness.   The guy working the cart was nice enough to give me extra pita woohoo.  He gave me a brief little story of how his mom is the chef and I can totally tell the love in this food.  There's a certain warmth to food when its mamma's recipes.  I hope I get a free pint of tzatiki for all the praise I'm giving...wink wink lol.  I will definitely be back.  Best comfort greek food in NYC.
Amazing chicken over rice! the chicken melted in my mouth, and the tzaziki sauce was definitely home made and delicious!
3.5 stars.  I guess that they felt that I need to go on a diet because I got SUBSTANTIALLY LESS MEAT in my platter than I saw on all the pictures posted on the internet from this food truck.  For $6 I got the pork over rice with salad platter.  The flavors were very VERY good.  The pork was well seasoned and tender.  The rice was cooked perfectly.  The salad was nice and fresh.  The sauces were very VERY good.  But I don't know, the amount of meat that I got was VERY disappointing.  After reading all of these great 5 and 4 star reviews, maybe I expected too much from Uncle Gussy!!!
Very flavorful food, the guys in the truck were cool, good vibes just all around that truck.
Saw these guy's on a local NYC television channel, a show on food trucks.  Looked great so I headed to 51st and Park and was not disappointed at all.  Ordered the chicken and lamb combo platter.  Lamb and chicken were right off the grill/griddle, perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Rice was excellent as was the salad. The tsaziki was excellent, garlicky like I like it. All with a smile and friendly demeanor. I'm a fan.
Great gyro!
This place is right by my work and a really good go-to-place for lunch.  Get there a little early because even though they are fast they get a big line.  I get the greek salad with gyro meat and extra sauce.  The gyro and fries combo is pretty good too.
Better get here @ 12 or else you will be waiting 20 min to order. It's worth the wait if you have the time
By far the best lamb Gyro I have eaten stateside. The line to enjoy this delicious treat has been 30 people strong since just after noon, so come a little early to enjoy this treat. The fries are perfectly seasoned too!
I've been going to Theo Gussy's Food Truck regularly now for well over a year and have never received a mediocre meal. Excellent street food and consistent everytime. In the pantheon of food stands, they are a five-star establishment.
Exceptionally good Greek food from unlikely source. Line will be long but it moves fast. The specials are always good.
You guys rock!!! In the rain you guys made a special delivery to my office and everyone went crazy for the food it was absolutely delicious like always!! U GUYS ROCK!!!
Out of chicken at the end of lunch rush?  Turned out to be a good thing although the chicken probably popular for a reason! No worries as helpful counter loaded up a "mom's special deluxe pita" souvlaki with hot sauce, the works....  Glad they got me to try something away from a comfortable  order and my first experience with uncle gussy's a winner. Great lunch. Ill be back!
Friendly people and tasty greek on the go.  Top notch chicken and rice.  I got the white sauce.  Lots of flavor.  Oh, and the price is great... you get a huge portion with a drink for under $7
You have got to try their chicken and lamb sandwich. It's good. And they stuff the hell out of it...lol $5.
Gyros are a dime a dozen in NYC.  For some of the best, you'd have to head out to Astoria for authentic Greek cuisine.  But if you're in midtown and hankering for a good, cheap gyro, Uncle Gussy's truck parked at 345 Park Avenue will satisfy your needs.  For 5 bucks (5 bucks?  Unheard of in Manhattan!) you get a packed lamb gyro filled with salty tender meat sliced from a spit, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato.  The meat isn't greasy like with some gyros and the pita will also hold steady if you need to eat on-the-go.  The platters with rice are a buck more and a good value too. sandwichguynyc.blogspot.…
The food may look a bit messy, but the taste is what matters and Uncle Gussy's doesn't disappoint. I went here for lunch and tried the lamb and it was nice and juicy. The rice was great too. There are several food trucks around this area, and this is one of the best. There's also plenty of seating close by so if the weather is nice, nothing beats stuffing your face with good food while the sun gives you a nice toast.
My favorite food truck experience in NYC.  The gyros are surprisingly good given the very reasonable price.  Awesome!
Fresh and delicious.  Highly recommend it. Love their meat platters - combo or individual meat. The guy even remembered my last order the second time I went there. Lines are long but move fast. These guys get repeat customers - very good sign indeed.
Unquestionably the best food truck, and arguably the best lunch in Manhattan. $6 gets you the most flavorful lamb you've ever eaten, terriffic saffron rice, tzatzki sauce and veggies. Orange cake - heavenly. Baklava - the gold standard. Gyros - utterly perfect. Service is amazing, every single time. Eaten lunch here at least 30 times and never once had anything other than a great meal. In the summer the line can stretch down the entire block to 50th street. There's a reason. A quintessential NYC experience.
Best Gyro I have ever had.  Nick has great specials everyday as well.  I go every time the weather sucks because that about the only time the line isn't around the corner!  If you have seen my profile you know that a gyro from Uncle Gussy's would be part of my final meal...
Best. Pita. Ever. I have been to Athens and walked the streets with the locals, eating real deal gyro and pitas. Uncle Gussy does it better! I ordered the combo pita, Greek and mild, with feta. The only problem is that I don't live in NY so I can't have this every day for lunch. Seriously cheap, fast service, friendly, yummy food.
Great spot.  Killer food, good price point.  The 10min wait in line says it all.
Lamb with Greek Salad, Greek Style (white sauce) is amazing.  I've gotten the Souvlaki with the Greek Salad before too, it's ok, not as good as the Lamb.  As the others have said on here, go at 11:40 or so, I've gotten there at 11:50 and have definitely waited in line for 15 minutes, however, the line does move pretty quickly.
Ahhhh oh my god so good ! i get the chicken rice with salad tzaziki sauce AND spicy sauce ! yum yum yum. sometimes i get the chicken gyro with while wheat pita !!! i go there 3 times a week. the only chicken and rice place i go .
Best part of my job is working in the building next to this truck.  The food is amazing and extremely well priced.  They definitely give you a healthy portion so I often eat half of my lamb over rice for lunch and the second half for dinner.  Love their white sauce - always give plenty of extra when I ask for it.  The guys who work there are so nice.  Even when the line is pretty deep, it takes about 15-20 minutes to get your order.  Honestly, it is worth it!!!
My favorite thing here is the Chicken Pita.  I get with with the Works, which is everything like lettuce, dressing, onions etc.  It is delicious and filling yet affordable.  The line can be long but it goes move quite quickly.  it is worth the wait as everything is freshly made.
Ummmmm so good!!!! I live the chicken and rice with the white sauce here!!!! Good food, good price, and good guys at the cart!!! Definitely go for a quick easy lunch.
I had food from a truck for the first time today and was not disappointed.  The food here is fresh and hot and plentiful for an affordable price.  Service is courteous; lines are long but move fast.  My only complaint is that the rice, while good, is anything but greek.  It's not how Greeks prepare rice pilaf.  Complaint #2: The Tzaziki sauce is great but how do I stop myself from smelling like a garlic clove for the rest of the day??
must try the lamb gyro so delish!
great food and service, top notch food truck
Love this truck. There's always a long line but service is super fast. From the time you order to the food being in your hand is less than 1 min. The food is always fresh and delicious. Portions are nice sized as well. I actually went 20 blocks just to have lunch here.
It would have been tasty but they put spicy sauce all over my gyro when I said ONLY tzaziki! I'm one of the few weird people in the world who just doesn't like spicy food so I didn't enjoy my lunch AT ALL. Plus the side of grape leaves I ordered were tough, not easy to bite through. Extremely fast service but they need to focus more on getting the order right, sorry Uncle Gussy
After hearing all the hype about Uncle G's while costume-shopping at Ricky's (productive lunch hours, FTW!), I trudged on over to give it a go. Maybe it was an off day, but I have to say I was a little underwhelmed. Three stars docked, each for three different (albeit semi-related) reasons: 1. I ordered a Soulvaki rice platter with the works... and got the wrong meat 2. I asked (and paid for) pita on the side... but didn't get any 3. General disappointment that Uncle Gussy's didn't meet the expectations set for me by others. On the plus side, Yelpers weren't lying about the lightning-quick service. Uncle Gussy's is a well-oiled machine, and the efficiency of the guys in the truck amaze me! While I don't doubt that it has every potential to be a strong contender in the street meat truck competition, it will have to take a second trip (and an updated review) to prove my initial 2-star rating wrong. Please make me eat my words -- it seems like I'm missing out on something great! #FOMO
Great food truck in midtown Manhattan. I'm guessing somewhere around 51st and Lex? Whatever corner St. Bart's is on. We saw the Uncle Gussy's truck as we were walking back to our motel. Looking at the long line I thought "This must be worth waiting for, but do I want to blow a bunch of time waiting for lunch?" Fortunately,my fears about the wait time were unfounded. The guy taking your order is genuinely no-nonsense, all business. The other two guys will crank out your order in almost no time. There are instructions on how to order your meal printed on the side of the truck. It's not too hard: choose a meat, choose your sauce(s), choose bread or pita or rice, choose your extras. Done.  Cash only helps the line move along as well, but be prepared for that. You can get any combination of their tzatziki / hot / BBQ sauces. I went with the first two and It was a good choice. The hot sauce is pretty close to sriracha. The tzatziki sauce could use some cucumber, but otherwise everything was spot on. The lamb was tender and tasty. We sat on the steps of St. Bart's to eat our lunches. There was plenty of food for the money. There were also plenty of people getting their lunches at Uncle Gussy's. The line never let up. It stayed 10 to 15 people deep the whole time we were there, and it always moved along at a good clip. I love the Yelp questions on what type of parking is available. This is friggin' midtown. There is no parking.
Uncle Gussy's is a very popular food truck. I fully appreciate their honest approach to serving food in the midtown area. They definitely provide excellent customer service and provide quality food at reasonable prices. Gyro is tasty and the chicken is nicely grilled. Highly recommended.
Can't beat the quality food for the minimal cost. Chicken/Gyro platter is a "go to". In recent months, the line has moved incredibly faster. Have never got an order of mine wrong. Love Gussy's
Unfortunately for me, Uncle Gussy's truck is nowhere near my office and is closed by the time I get out of work. FORTUNATELY, I had a 1/2 day before 4th of July and ran over in the sweltering heat to try Gussy's. Uncle Gussy's serves the common "meat and rice" platter with a Greek twist. They blow The Halal guys out of the water. There was a short line but it took all of 5 minutes to order and get my food. They are super friendly too! I knew I wouldn't have another chance anytime soon to come back, so I got the whole shebang-lamb gyro and chicken served over rice and salad with "the works" (all the condiments) with a side of fries. I plopped myself down on some stairs and devoured. It was SO GOOD. I got to try a little of everything. The fries were the crispiest I've had. It was a lot of food. I was very full and still have some leftover. Not bad for under $10. I wish they traveled around midtown so I could have it more often.
I always see a line for this place so decided to try it... omg food is so flavorful and delicious... the fries are so crispy and plump... love the hot sauce and yogurt combination on the grilled chicken... the guys in the truck are also super nice and friendly, and the lines move fast even though they are long. sooo good...
Uncle Gussy's is one of the best food trucks in Midtown. My coworkers and I are so addicted to this place that I think it may be our new Friday lunch spot. The line gets long, so brace yourselves! But the upside is that the service is lightning fast. Seriously, the line could be 30 people deep and it only takes 10 minutes of waiting and the food takes like less than 5 minutes to be ready. This is quite an achievement for a food truck. I have had the combo rice platter and the lamb rice platter with fries. Both rice platters were great. I get them with "the works" which has white sauce, hot sauce, lettuce, and grilled onions. The real MVP of that truck has to be the fries. OMG the fries! They are seriously some of the best fries I have ever had. Super crunchy on the outside and soft mashed potato goodness on the inside. You definitely need to order some. The guys are great and super friendly. I'm pretty sure they have so many regulars because of the fantastic food and service. I highly recommend giving Uncle Gussy's a try if you are ever in the Midtown area.
Excellent assortment of flavors and options.  I am also shocked by how quickly you are able to get your lunch order as I had my gyro in my hand as I finished paying.  Granted I know that they prep a lot of the stuff beforehand, but with the long lines, I expected to also sit and wait for my food a bit. The lamb gyro with tzatziki sauce was excellent.  For just a shade over $7, I had a pretty filling pita double lamb wrap with lettuce and tomato.  Highly recommend anyone wanting to even come for a salad as the options seemed plentiful.  Bring that cash MONAYY as they don't accept that plastic! Buon appetito
This might be my new favorite street meat in NYC. Of course Uncle Gussy's isn't new - their truck is somewhat shiny - but as an entity they've been doing their thing at 51st and Park for a hot minute and lines have been forming around lunch for many, many moons. And if the combo Greek salad is any indicator of what all of their other dishes taste like, their success makes a lot of sense. For $8 you can get a salad topped with gyro meat, chicken, grilled onions, tomatoes, homemade hot sauce, lettuce, and tzatziki sauce. It's insanely good and for $2 short of an Andrew Jackson, it's a delicious deal. Next time you're in the 'hood - do yourself a favor and stop by!
Tried Uncle Gussy's for the first time last week. I figured I should stop by since they're only two blocks from my office. With all the raving Yelp reviews, I honestly expected better. The experience was a great one (hence the 2 stars), but the positives stopped there. I ordered a combo greek style and carried the delicious smelling bag back to my office (5 minutes away). I opened my lunch to discover that the food was cold. First strike. I took a bite of the meat and rice, and was let down. I wanted some explosion of flavors in my mouth, but it was honestly taste-less. Don't get me wrong, it didn't taste bad. It just wasn't good. I had half of my food before tossing the rest in the trash. Now, I want give Uncle Gussy's the benefit of the doubt. With all these rave reviews, maybe they just had a bad day. They're only two blocks away, so no doubt I will be back to try their food again. Watch out for the review.
Street meat meets Greek? I'll twist my tongue to say that phrase over and over again because it's a match that Uncle Gussy's has perfected. When it comes to lamb and chicken over rice out of a food cart or truck, there are plenty of fantastic options in the area. And Uncle Gussy's is a strong contender as one of the best of the bunch. The Greek twist is the distinguishing factor from the competition. In practice, all that really means is that they have tzatziki instead of your typical mayo-based white sauce in halal carts. I like to tell myself that this means I'm eating slightly healthier, but it really is just self deception. But the sauce works great to bring out the flavor of the food, especially if you go for the works, which gives you tzatziki, hot sauce and grilled onions. The meat itself if is terrific. The gyro is pretty much perfect and far from the dry variety you sometimes get. The chicken is nicely charred but still juicy. I always go for a combo platter of both since I can't decide which is better. During the lunch rush, lines can get pretty intimidating. It's well worth the wait though; the line moves fast, and the price is tough to beat. The menu has a wider variety of items, but anything other than a chicken or gyro platter is prone to take longer to put together. But no matter what you get, you won't be disappointed.
I used to work by grand central and on a nice day I walked all the way here to get my fix. Now that I work so much closer I'll definitely be frequenting Uncle Gussys a lot more. Get the combo which is gyro and chicken with the works. 6$ so worth it.
I have been here many times for lunch.  The Combo (chicken & gyro) Greek salad, either greek & spicy (tzatziki & hot sauce) or triple threat (tzatziki, hot sauce & BBQ) is my favorite.   Line is always long around lunch, but it goes fast and is well worth the wait.
This truck is over-rated. First the pros: the meat is well cooked. Nice big chunks of chicken but a bit in the dry side. Cons: their famous tzatziki sauce that separates them from every other halal cart in the city is way too garlicky for my taste.  I'd much rather have gotten the white sauce honestly. Without good sauce you end up with half dry chicken. There are better carts out there with much shorter lines.
So of course I heard about this food truck from tv, and the line was a mile long but the food smell was everything! And the taste did not disappoint.
Oh why is Uncle Gussy's right outside my office?  No compassion for my poor waistline, I tell you!   Try to beat the rush by getting here early, or the lines get really long, and that's not good in this weather!  I almost always get the chicken rice platter "greek and spicy", which means you get it with tzatziki sauce and hot sauce, and add on some grilled onions.  YUMMMMMMzzzz.... OK I need to stop before I drool all over my computer!
Today was my first time having Uncle Gussy's and I am a little disappointed. The food isn't terrible but it isn't as good as I had anticipated. I ordered the lamb platter and asked for feta cheese (which I paid extra for) and when I got back to my office there was no feta cheese to be found. (Must of jumped off the plate while walking back to the office.)  I also think the lamb and rice were very salty. Which is very odd for me to say because I enjoy my food on the salty side. I've definitely experienced better...
Super delicious, filling, and affordable. Highly recommended!
Best food truck in NYC forget the rest!!! Don't expect to eat "street meat" from this food truck, this is an absolutely different and unique experience, the quality of the meat is excellent And The meat is seasoned so well, I know the oregano these guys are using is straight from the rolling hills of Greece!! I had the chicken pork combo platter with "the works" and It made me do my happy dance !! Can't wait to eat here again! OPA!!!!
Back to my favorite place for lunch!!!! This time I was hungry so I decided to go for the ultimate combo platter with extra meat!! I love my platters Greek and spicy!!! There was literally so much good on my plate I didn't know what to eat first! The meat was literally so tender and juicy you swear you're enjoying fine dining!! Rice is on point and that hot sauce...FIRE!!!!! I enjoy this truck every single time I hit it up for lunch! The line does get long but it moves supper fast and now that they're on seamless I order straight to the office!!!! Thanks for the amazing food time and time again!!!!
Uncle Gussy's is a food truck parked on the corner of Park Ave and 51st and apparently are one of the 2012 Vendy Cup finalists. They serve up traditional Greek food made with family recipes. I work nearby and I decided to give this place a go for lunch. There's a line here, but it moves quickly. Ordering is pretty straight forward if you know what you want because everything they have is right up on the side of the truck. Follow the steps: 1) Pick your meat like lamb, sausage, or combo (chicken/gyro). 2) Pick your fix on a platter, sandwich, salad, or deluxe comes with seasoned fries for an additionl $3 3) Choose style: Greek Style, Greek and Spicy, Greek and Mild, The Works, Triple Threat Tried the Combo (gyro/chicken) platter with Greek and Spicy style for $6. This is served on a bed of fluffy yellow rice, with a side of shredded lettuce and sliced tomatoes. There's tzatziki sauce and hot pepper sauce on top of the meat, but it's not self-serve like the Halal Guys on 53rd and 6th. So if you don't mind having the sauce put on the meat for you, then you're good to go. The sauces available are tzatziki, hot sauce, BBQ, ketchup, mustard, and mayo. Overall, Uncle Gussy's served up a filling meal which is mighty tasty. The only qualm was that the dish needed more chicken on the combo. I asked for extra hot sauce but it might not be hot for some people. There's other food sold here like philly cheese steaks, burgers, chicken breast, veggie platter, or veggie pita. Optional sides are french fries or souvlaki.
The best food truck/stand ever! Amazing food at cheap prices - perfect. The only drawback: seems like half of midtown knows about this place. The line can get so long during the lunch rush. But rest assured, they know how to handle the rush. After you passed through the first round of waiting (to order), the second wait to get your food is minimal (less than a minute! - what!?!). Noob story - The first time I came, I got my food almost immediately that I thought they confused me with someone else. Now for the food. It took me a while to try this place despite what everyone said because I naively thought it was just any ordinary chicken over rice like from the halal carts. This Greek truck does serve chicken over rice with "white" sauce and hot sauce but it is completely different. The "white" sauce is tzatziki sauce which uses yogurt, sour cream, etc (yummy)! There is a  bunch of items on the menu but they make it easy to order (also, you get two chances to check out the menu). Simply pick a style (platter, gyro, salad), pick a meat, pick a topping combination, and edit. They have Philly cheesesteak, fries, etc. But I would go for the customizable option. The lamb is so delicious. The chicken is very very well seasoned. The sauce is what pulls everything together. I got a combo (lamb & chicken) over rice - Greek & spicy. So filling. Huge portions. I left the rice to make room for the delicious lamb and chicken. The Greek salad is a more approachable portion. The cheese, sauces (added hot sauce too), veggies...best lunch ever.
I'm just piling on here. When it comes to East Mid-Town lunch trucks, Uncle G's is the bomb. I usually get the combo; chicken and gyro meat over rice -- The Works (there's a variety of topping styles, but you'll have more than enough time waiting in line to familiarize yourself with the menu). It's similar to what you'd find at a standard Halal cart, but so much better. The chicken is more flavorful and juicy and the gyro meat is a nice change from just lamb. I've also had the Chicken/Greek salad, which was also outstanding. Speaking of "outstanding" be prepared to be out, standing, for a little while, in line. It moves pretty fast, actually, though.
Best Greek food I have ever had: no, but best experience I have at a NYC cart: yes.   When you walk by this truck, you may be intimidated by the line (they always have a line), but you will be served pretty quick.  If you know you have a busy day try to plan to visit either on the early side or extra late.  Nicko always keeps the line moving and always personable, half of the fun is just watching him manage the chaos of the truck.  I tend to go with the gyro, although I know the platters are quite popular as well.  At first it may seem similar to any other platter/gyro you can grab at a number of carts, but they take it to a whole new level.  The meat has great seasoning, the homemade Tzatziki sauce and of course the fries this is like nothing else.  I wish the fries were a little cheaper, but when you look at the total price I can never argue over an $8 lunch.   They seem to have a new coffee truck which has reasonable prices for your coffee needs and they seem to have some other greek specialities there as well.
Yes the line may be long, but go after 2pm if you can, only 5 people ahead of us.  I ordered the pork souvlaki on top of a greek salad covered in tzatziki and hot sauce.  The hot sauce is also a must, it gives some contrast to the tzatziki.  The tomatoes were so fresh, juicy and sweet.  It was overpowered with feta cheese and the pork pieces were so huge and tender.  And you also get a stuffed grape leaf which I found I actually enjoyed compared to every one I have eaten in Denver I have disliked. Hubby got the gyro sandwich.  I also wasn't drowned in sauce and had the added onions.  I did take a bite and it was good, but I have had better.  I recommend the souvlaki.  Even if I had to wait much longer, I would've for the salad!
After seeing Uncle Gussy's on some Food Channel/Food Network show and realizing it was 2 blocks away from my job, I picked a picture perfect summer day after a night of boozing the night before and thought it would be the perfect day to check out these guys. Bangtown. For less than $10, I got a pork soulvaki sandwich; which was comparable to some of the more well known soulvaki spots in nearby Astoria (my hood) - literally stuffed to the gills with fresh cut veggies tons of succulent pork soulvaki; seasoned, thickcut fries - which were suprisingly good and which my hangover was very greatful for and a drink. Pick a nice day, bring your ereader/smart phone and read some or jam out to some tunes, wait the 15 minutes. get your food, consume and thank me when you're back at your desk and in a Greek food coma afterwards.
If you happen to walk by this food truck on 52nd and Park at around 1 p.m., you'll see a line wrapped around the church that is right next to it.  I've always managed to get here before the rush. Today, however, I had to endure that long line, which I am glad to report moved rather quickly.  As I stood there contemplating which meat, prep (sandwich, platter, etc.) and style (Greek style, Greek and mild, etc.), I overheard a tourist say, "If so many people are waiting in line, it must be good."  New Yorkers are pretty impatient people (myself being considerably so).  We wouldn't be standing in line for mediocre food.  No, sir.   The prices are great for midtown.  $5 for a sandwich.  I see these guys do their morning pick-ups at Parisi Bros. bakery so I KNOW their pitas are fresh - and the taste of course only confirms it.  Also, every meat I've tried has been just the right amount of juicy (ok, the souvlaki could have been a more tender, but I still scarfed the whole thing down).  The main reason I keep coming back here though is their homemade tzatziki.  Highly recommend getting anything with tzatziki.
Got the chicken salad today. Was pretty decent and very filling. Not sure if it was mine particularly, there was a lot of big chunky pieces of well seasoned chicken. I'd re-order.
This is the first time I've sampled what Uncle Gussy's has to offer.  I must say that I believe the hype!  I ordered a combo pita (lamb and chicken) with the works.  The pita was soft and warm--promising start.  Lots of roughage from the peppers, lettuce, tomatoes and onions--much appreciated.  The meat was juicy and so tasty.  I could distinguish between the chicken breast (not dry!) and lamb.  The tzatziki and hot sauces bring the whole sandwich together so well.  The sandwich can fall apart if you don't hold it the right way when chomping away, but that's part of the fun.  I got there right before 2 so there was only one person in front of me.  I will definitely keep this truck in my sights the next time I'm in this area.  Keep the great food comin', Uncle Gussy!
The best tzatziki sauce outside of Athens. Seriously, I could just sit here all day with a gallon of the stuff. But the food is fantastic. The gyro platter is probably the best bang for your buck - they don't skimp on the meat and they heap fries on the side. And the guys are always friendly. It's no wonder why this has been around for years. Highly recommended.
Today was my first time having Uncle Gussy's after a much anticipated wait! I must say I had set my expectations extremely high from all these amazing reviews and along with several recommendations and I was highly satisfied. From the moment I was greeted to the minute I finished my meal I was beyond pleased. I ordered a mixed meat platter with salad. The meat was perfectly seasoned and  the rice was extremely delish! I thought I wouldn't enjoy the rice as much as I do from the halal trucks but boy was I wrong!!! The tzatziki was by far the best I've tasted and I've had plenty! I overheard some customers saying it was homemade and I don't doubt it for a second. I must say this is is definitely gourmet meals on wheels and the best food truck I've eaten from! I can't wait to go back!
Tasty and Plentiful What else do you need?!  If you are hungry in midtown east, treat yourself to a great me at Gussy's...
Best truck in manhattan! There's no question about it and my point is proven everyday at noon time by the long waiting lines. I have been here a bunch of times always ordering either the chicken over rice "the works" or the chicken greek salad...both are just awesome...two thumbs up...never disappoint. The three biggest reason for 5 stars are: 1) the portion - Uncle Gussy's is not stingy 2) the price - Can't beat $6 lunch 3) chicken - juicy and tender
YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! The food was delicious at Uncle Gussy's. I can see why people line up for this. Thankfully, we went around 2 pm in the afternoon so the lunch crowd had died down by then. Nonetheless, there was still a few people ahead of us giving us time to look over the menu. I like their stream-line ordering process where you pick a meat, serving style and flavor profile. Prices were super reasonable and portion sizes huge! I got the combo plate and it was delicious. I really enjoyed the yellow rice. The meat was flavorful and the hot sauce was perfect. Service was wonderful and friendly. I'd definitely come back :)
Have to represent for the veg set here and tell you that the vegetable platter was a disappointment in that it contained precious few vegetables (generous portion of grilled sliced onions notwithstanding). I could have counted the number of tomato slices on one hand. Not worth it, for me, though the service was terrifically fast (line is lightning quick) and very friendly. So, some stars for that, and co-diners were happier with their meat choices.
If you see long line going down Park Avenue at 51st, then you've found Uncle Gussy's.  I was hesitant to partake of the street meat at first, but now, I'm a believer.   Even on a busy day when the line is long, they have a system in place that gets you out of there pretty quickly.  The person taking the orders is very friendly and prompt.   Their plates comes with salad and they have a variety of sauces.  The lamb is so tender and delicious, and the rice is perfectly cooked. I don't know how they work their magic in that tiny truck, but they do.  And the best part of it all is that their prices are unbeatable.  I'm sold!
This is some damn fine street meat. And WITH that damn fine street meat, you get damn fine service. The line moves very quickly so don't be discouraged if it looks prohibitively long. You can still be in and out of there in 20 minutes tops. Your order comes out literally within seconds of ordering and the man at the window still finds time and energy to issue pleasantries as he hands you your food, takes your money and gives you change, before moving on to the next in line. What a total sweetheart. The food? What's not to love? I had a huge plate of lamb, chicken, rice and fresh salad that tasted delicious and made me wish for a nap afterwards. The gyro is so good (is there gyro meat that doesn't taste amazing? - I've never encountered it), and the chicken is so good, even eaten cold the next day. Don't judge. The rice is not that exciting, but I'm not to be trusted on the subject of rice because it's taken me 30+ years to learn to appreciate it. Still, next time I'll ask for less rice, more salad. The tzaziki is the perfect dressing for everything. I went with the mild sauce, but I'll opt for the hot next time. I've been scarred (and anointed) by The Halal Guys' recklessly hot sauce, so I erred on the side of caution at Uncle Gussy's, but the mild is definitely not spicy enough to suit me. Nevertheless, yummy, clean, happy food. I'll unquestioningly return!
I love these Greek and Mediterranean options I've been seeing in Manhattan lately. Even better that they're food trucks so I can ditch the awkward seatings and overpriced charges at cafes. I was enthralled when I found that there was a Greek food truck nearby. So long, Astoria. Hello, Midtown truck! I'm getting way too ahead of myself here but I LOVE IT! Only 2 blocks from my office and cheap! The food truck is incredibly hard not to miss; it's park in front of a church. If you see anything big and blue, you'll know. While there was a small line, it moved fast and I got my food before some of the people ahead of me. The pork souvlaki, Greek style (LT), was totally delicious. I'm not sure if it was too cold outside that the pita bread easily turned cold but I had a cold pita bread. The inside, on the other hand, was at warm temperature; chewy, tender pork chunks with lots of tzatziki sauce and lettuce and tomatoes. Even though it didn't have onions, I had a huge onion aftertaste that didn't go away until the night. The meat was probably heavily marinated..so good! For $5, this was a cheap lunch that will easily fill you up. Super friendly guy taking orders so this place is definitely a must. I can't wait to try the other items on the menu!
Uncle Gussy used to embarass himself every Thanksgiving dinner, mom and him would always argue about who's gonna have to take care of Auntie Ruth once her mind goes full tilt.  But now he's the king of the food trucks!  Right next to my office, and right where my greek gyro heart lies.  I love you Uncle Gussy, you are always welcome at my place for the Holidays.
I recently visited from shreveport, la.  We walked from 69th and 3rd 3 times for the best greek food in New York.  I am greek and this food brought a tear to my eye.  Yahoo!!!!!!
I love you Uncle Gussy's.  Yummy food at a great value - you don't even need to treat yo self, just go. Always parked at the corner of Park and 51st, this lovely truck churns through the line quickly; at about a minute a person, they are pretty damn efficient.  With 5 guys working in the truck, it's uber efficient and the guy working the front keeps things moving. $6 for a pile of lamb/pork/chicken over rice, on a gyro, over a salad with yummy sauce, plus $3 for amazing Greek fries - that's a pretty great deal in Midtown too.  The lamb meat is truly tasty, my buddy dies by the pork, and the specials they have on occasion more than do the job. It's 5x better than your standard street meat vendor for $1 more - value your mouth, your stomach and your colon and queue on up to Uncle Gussy's.
Fantastic!  Had the lamb gyro with the works.  Delicious.  The pita was perfectly grilled, the lamb perfectly cooked, and the hot sauce had so much flavor, it was amazing. And the guys in there are so friendly.  I'll go back often, for sure.
This place is right in front of my office and it's really convenient (now they're on seamless) Chicken is a bit too burnt and dry for my liking and their hot sauce is too mild in my opinion. My co-workers REALLY like this place. I'm usually outnumbered when we decide on team lunch. One time my co-worker printed out menus and we all wrote down what we wanted on a notepad and ordered it all at once. After picking it up and distributing our food Uncle Gussy's forget to give us forks and it was such a pain in the ass to find forks in our office. I really like their fries however, they're really crispy on the outside and soft inside.
I rarely issue 4 stars so for me this is basically a 5 star.  The only way it could be a 5 star is if the line was shorter, or uncle gussy himself stepped down from the truck and gave me a massage. but he is too busy to give out massages and his place is too popular not to have a line, so yelp will have to be happy with 4 stars.  The line, though long at peak hours between 12-1.30, does move.  I think 10 minutes is about as long as I've ever waited.  Once you order, your food is ready in line 1 minute. Definitely worth the wait. The food is great.   I recommend "souvlaki rice, the works, plus feta".  wash it down with an orange soda.  Also good is the salad, which you can get with choice of meats.  the chicken is very good.
Lines are long in part due to the TV shows featuring them, but mainly due to the good food. The combo chicken and gyro meat with rice was great - the gyro meat was nicely seared which imparted even more flavor to it. Don't be afraid of the line, it moves pretty quick.
This truck is always outside my office warm or cold.  The food is awesome.  I get the veggie platter and it's amazing.  I'm a fan of the veggie pitas too!  Unfortunately, everyone else thinks it is amazing too!  The line for Uncle Gussy's goes past St. Bart's church up until the outdoor lunch spot from almost 12-1:15pm every day.  That's how good the food is.  On the day I'm running late on lunch or whatnot and the line isn't long, I go ahead and get the platter.  But the food is awesome!
At $5-6 per gigantic dish, this has to be one of my all time favorite food carts int he city.  I got my entire office into it at one point, until my boss said that he was going to blame specifically me for any change in our health insurance rates. I always get the combo, extra white sauce, extra spicy on rice. YUM.  I've even met Momma Gussy.... There is something about when she works the cart that makes it 5.5 stars, but heck... it's so delicious it's ridiculous.   If you delay too long, this becomes the longest wait, so be early. The gyros are delicious.  Pretty much everything is extraordinary... ok... Portions were enough for 2 meals... though the trick is to actually stop eating once you're full. Ok...I have to stop writing this review. It's making me hungry thinking about it. If you don't work in the area, may I suggest sitting at or across the street at the Lever House just north of Uncle G?  Nice View to relax and enjoy.
Uncle Gussy's might not be glitzy or glamorous like the Halal Guys on 53rd and 6th, XPL, and Biriyani Cart.  However, it does a damn good job being a solid and reliable street meat destination on Park Ave/Midtown East.  The chicken and lamb are consistently flavorful and offered in generous portions.  Sandwiches and platters for $5 to $6 is on par with other trucks in the area.  As much as I love the roaming food trucks, Uncle Gussy gets credit for being reliable day in and day out parked on 51st and Park Ave.  The guys preparing your food are also nice and approachable.  Once in a while, they do forget to give you sauce if you ask for it on the side, so make sure you remind them. Lastly, please be advised that the prices listed on the website are outdated.  But all you have to do is just scale everything up one dollar and you are good to go.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Best chicken and rice spot ever. I always get the chicken/lamb combo with tzatziki sauce+bbq. It comes with big juicy chunks of chicken, perfectly cooked gyro meat and fresh veggies. I wish this truck was open 24/7 instead of those 53rd and 6th guys.
I've walked by 51st Street and Park Ave. a hundred times and there is always a line by this corner cart. I asked a client about it and he just said, "I'm buying!" The line is a bit shorter that I've seen before. Perhaps because it's cold and the wind chill shooting up 51st Ave. is knocking down the NYPD 17th Precinct barriers! What to order? Souvlaki, Lamb Chops, a Gyro? They all sound good. As I get up to the window to order, I'm blown away there is a grill burning red hot in the cart! I got a Souvlaki Plate. The grilled lamb is smothered with a tzaziki sauce (yogurt, not mayo) and a hot sauce that is so savory. Fresh crispy salad with firm tomatoes. And fluffy yellow rice. I may have committed a fax paus, but I mixed the whole plate up and just enjoyed every bite. My client rolled with a chicken n' lamb mix, which looked equally as good. Uh, no sharing tastes this time! So good, that when I left for the airport, I took a plate with me. The TSA  Officer x-rayed my food and smiled, "Uncle Gussy's, huh?" Damn.
This is the best truck in the midtown East. There is always a long line in summer but the line moves extremely fast. It's not that crowded in winter since people don't wanna stand in the cold. They have Gyro, Chicken, Pork kabab over rice, over salad and in pita bread. My favorite is the combo (Gyro and Chicken)  over salad with the works style (Grilled Onions, tzaziki sauce, hot sauce). The food is so cheap but the quality of the meats is pretty good. Lamb is very tender and chicken is also very delicious. And it's only $6. You can add fries for extra $3 (deluxe).
Still excellent food - excellent prices! Even if there's a line it moves quick - and the staff are really friendly!
On a price performance basis, you can't beat this lunch truck.  Sandwiches starting from $5... filling and good.  There's always a long line here which is a great indicator, but it moves quickly.  Quite an efficient operation and looks like a friendly bunch of guys.  I'll definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu.  I had a standard lamb pita deluxe with the works. The fries are good, but not sure they're worth the $3 upgrade... that was about the only thing I thought was unreasonable.
I love Uncle Gussy's. This is a great cart, but don't mistake it for authentic greek food. It is, however, really good street food. And affordable! (unheard of in midtown). And quick! they've got a killer assembly line going in there and though the line might look long, I've never waited more than 10 minutes (and that was on the first nice day in weeks at noon). My standby is chicken and lamb over rice, greek style- $6. The meat is flavorful, as is the rice and man is their tzatziki sauce killer. I might actually offer to kill someone for that recipe, especially if they throw in their baklava recipe too. One order is enough for two meals. The guys are nice and will answer questions. For the health conscious they offer a white meat chicken option on pretty much anything.
The line moves fast, and the guys always get my order right.  Very reasonable prices for the amount of lunch you get.  My favorite is lamb with rice and lettuce with extra greek and hot sauce.  Yum.
Newest Chicken and Rice cart in midtown. This place screams quality! It's huge, the owners are really nice. They are growing a fan base really quickly so I would go fast before the line gets crazy crazy long. Their rice is amongst the best in the city, I'll be back. Also they have sausage and souvlaki! 1 tip, they have the true greek cucumber sauce, don't come here looking for that 'white' sauce that is more mayonaise based that is on 53rd and 6th ave.
White meat chicken souvlaki platter with a side of feta and order of fries. Extra white sauce. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I am by no means a food truck snob. I have no shame eating from a vehicle. But this place puts all other truckers to shaaamme. Gah. First off their fries are heavenly. I'm not even kidding. Best fries I've had in awhile. Whatever they marinade their chicken in...nom nomm nommm. I've heard amazing thing about the pork chops. The guys who work there are sweethearts. And they have actual specials made by their mom. *you can call ahead to beat the line
I work at 345 park where Uncle Gussy's parks on the corner...and every day I see this truck with this huge line and think...one of these days, I'm going to go there. But not today....no that line is stupid long. As a hint, the line WOULD be worth it....this is some of the best Greek food I've had. But if you are smart, go at 11:30 or so....and there is no line. None. And the guys are friendly and helpful...not jerks or short with you like they very well could be in their situation. I mean, it's 100 and some off degrees today...plus their cooking equipment... they are saints. Saints I tells ya. Got the rice platter with white sauce, hot sauce, chicken and feta. It was VERY good. It would be worth the wait...but I'd rather eat at 11:30-11:45 and not wait. :-)
After contemplating what to get for lunch, I decided on Uncle Gussy's - thanks to Yelp. The line was short which I was thankful for since I heard it can be quite long. But the good thing is that the line moves really quick and the server behind the truck is extremely nice. He seems content with his job and that really makes a difference when you're serving your customers. I got the Combo over Rice which includes chicken and gyro meat. The container was packed with food and it justifies the $6 I spent on it. Uncle Gussy's serve Greek food, different than your normal street vendor Halal food. The white sauce which Uncle Gussy's use is of a yogurt base rather than a creamy ranch taste. It taste healthier also. The chicken is spiced really well and the gyro meat was soft with a bit of a crunchy crust. Overall a good meal that will stuff you and give you a bang for your buck.
As a newbie to food trucks, I doubt that I'll find one with better food than this one! Our food was delicious and was a good price too. The sandwich was so tasty (especially the sauce) that I wish they would drive the truck to Vegas! The guys were super friendly. We stopped by later in the day, and most of the popular items were sold out. Let this be a lesson to newbies.
Would have been 5 stars but it seems as time passes the quality is diminishing :-(
3.5 stars, very good food I always get my lunch here when I am in the area. IMO the Uncle Gussy's is better than Halal Guys. Friendly owner, he has a lot crews working in the truck, so you will always get your food in 5min.
THE BEST!!!! in the words of my co-worker who just tried it for the first time 1.) i want to bathe & be buried in tzatziki sauce 2.) the meat is delicious, literally licked my salad dry 3.) the pita is AMAZING, its like homemade and traditional just how it should be 4.) i need a nap now there is always a line but it moves super fast & it's always worth it. i live in astoria (greek town) and i prefer gussy's truck to everything else!
Food is awesome. I'm Greek My nephew is named Gussy 'nuff said....
Best gyro in NYC, hand's down. If there was a 6 star option here, Uncle Gussy's would get it. Their food is always fresh and amazing!!! $5 Gyro plate that's bigger and better than most Greek restaraunts. Everything is truly authentic. The taztiki sauce is perfect! The guys are awesome and serve everything really fast. I work a block away and it's the perfect location for a quick lunch. Have stood in line in the rain and snow. Felt like my life was incomplete when I heard that the truck was almost moved, Thank you for staying! Also, be sure to get there before 12pm or be prepared to stand in line for a while.
I walk past Uncle Gussy's to and from client meetings all the time, but it's always 4PM and I'm full.  Since it was nice out I decided to venture a few extra blocks for lunch today and I'm so super glad I did! The like looked long...like REALLY long...but it moved super fast and I had my partner-in-lunch-time-crime with me to pass the time.   I had the Greek salad (I like to pretend to be healthy sometimes) with lamb gyro, tzazaki, and a side of pita.  The lamb gyro was amazing!  There's no other way to describe it - perfectly seasoned, crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside.  Yummy feta and grape leaves too!  They definitely did not skimp on the tzazaki - there was enough to dip the ridiculously ridiculously good pita in at the end.   Will definitely be back again, and again, and again =)
Lamb over rice, extra meat. spicy sauce, white sauce. daaaamnnn. Lucked out on the line. Showed up at 11:40am. There was a line 1 deep. $6. So much food. delicious.
All the best foods come from trucks, at least for lunch or after a late night in the city. Uncle Gussy's is awesome Greek style chicken and lamp over rice. They have other things like salads, burgers, gyro, and shrimp on the menu as well. Gussy's give you a large amount of food for cheap. Fresh food  as there is always a long line so food is constantly being cooked. It moves pretty fast though as many of the people who eat there are regulars and know what they want.
Serviceable midtown lunch option.  I have gotten a platter here as early as 10:30, so those against the corporate America lunch hour grain can take refuge here. Nick and his guys are always engaging, friendly and attuned to customers' needs.  The chicken is a bit gristly at times but for the most part juicy and always delivered in large quantity.  Sadly, I have never been crazy about any of the specials, but perhaps I've simply never ordered the best ones.  I would definitely recommend the homemade baklava.
OH.EM.GEE.... tried Uncle Gussy's for the 1st time today as I work on 42nd and I'm like do I realllllly want to walk 10 blocks there and back.. that's like 20 blocks and that's a long way...ehhh... but I'm so glad I did. It was even worth missing the free leftovers from the catered lunch meeting in my office. Got the combo platter with the works and it was so amazing. The Tzatizki sauce is everything I want in life. I want them to bottle it so I can buy it and bring it home to eat with everything... or just rub it all over myself. The rice was tender and flavorful, tomatoes fresh and delicious, onions were sweet, hot sauce gave a nice little kick... I can't wait to go back (prob next week) and try the souvlaki. And then the topper is you mean to tell me this whole big box was only $6? Shut the front door....
Super nice guy, incredibly fast. Good prices on water (ie I don't trust the stands charging $3+ for a water). Amazing food. Combo sandwich was incredible (sandwich = pita sandwich). The tzatziki (and seriously, it's tzatziki people, stop calling it "white sauce") was as good as everyone says. Soft tasty pita, crisp flavorful veggies, perfect meat. The sandwich meat was not fatty or gritty (grossest thing ever when street food is like that). All for $6. Can't beat it. Overall a great example for what all street food should be. Better than most sit down places with similar cuisine.
This is a very popular street cart in Midtown Manhattan on Park Ave. during lunch hours it is hard to miss this food truck as there is a big line to get food from uncle gussy's. Ordered the combo platter (chicken + lamb) with rice, tzatziki sauce, grilled onions and hot sauce. The lamb is alright but the grilled chicken had a ton of flavor. Price : $6.00 Will definitely return to try other things from Uncle Gussy's
This places is good enough to make a lazy person write their first Yelp review. LIke most of the decent food trucks in this highly populated corporate area there can be a huge line so go on a rainy day. I got the greek salad, combo lamb and chicken- Double meat....Amazing. I live in astoria surrounded by greek food and people all day and Uncle Gussy's is just as good of any of it if not better yet its served out of a truck. Also the service is quick and friendly, who ever said greeks are lazy?
Great Great stand that One should try when they're visiting NY! Combo over rice, the pita, chicken are all delicious!
I used to love this place. I really appreciate how they use real ingredients. Their white sauce is actually YOGURT not MAYO like the other places! Also, they do not cook their meat so much that it becomes dry so the only way for it to taste good is if you mask it under the white sauce. The hot sauce is made in house and definitely has a kick, but it is not so spicy that you cannot enjoy the food. Everything was so flavorful. Even the rice is nice and plump and the tomatoes taste fresh and not like it was sitting out for a while. Since everything is seaonsed well adn prepared with care, everything tastes good seperately and taste even better when eaten together. Their fries are also addicting, hot or cold. I used to get two roders of fries and eat one fresh and the other sort of cold. They are not overly greasy or soggy, but a perfect texture. Even when they get cold, they do not get soggy. The pita is also nice and warm. It is not too chewy, but not overly fluffy or dense. It is just enough to soak up any remaining sauce you might have on the bottom of the box or you can eat it plain. I do not like eating pita because it makes me feel so heavy afterwards, but I actually do not mind it here. The line for Uncle Gussy's might seem long, but since the service is prety fast, in no time you will get your food so don't let the line intimidate you.
The food here is great and the speed of service is fantastic. Once you order your meal is ready in under a minute and prices are quite cheap. Choose your meat, choose your style - pita, platter with rice, salad and choose which sauces and you are ready to go. They also have specials of the day in addition to the regular menu. Fast, flavorful, customizable and delicious for a great price. What more could you want for lunch in midtown?
Amazingly delicious!! I had their combo gyro with white sauce and on impulse a piece of baklava, made special that day. A terrific value for the price. Before I left NY, I made sure to return for a cheese-steak. Excellent crew: courteous, efficient, and entertaining. :)
A colleague turned me on to Uncle Gussy's, as it's conveniently located around the corner from my office. It is SO GOOD. I always get the gyro platter with fries. Their fries are some of the best I've ever had and the seasoning on their meat is amazing. I tried Mamagyro today and realized how spoiled I am by Uncle Gussy's!
Excellent food paired by excellent service.  Unlike most street meat, the salad here is actually good and not an after-thought. Awesome lunch spot.
