A great place for unique, definitely cool gifts at a wide price range and with options for guys and girls at any age. I typically seek out stores like this and this one had items I'd never seen before. The staff are friendly and happily explain any of the specialty items. It's a fun place to be and look around even if you're not intending to buy anything.
I love the concept of Story. The store picks a "story", be it "love story" or "good story", and centers all of the merchandise around the theme. It changes very 4-8 weeks. The owner , Rachael, is very nice. I was actually able to attend an event held by Donna Karan and Rachael here, which I loved. As for the actual merchandise, it can be pricey. The goods are quirky and cute; this is a great place to shop for gifts. Overall, it's a nice place. I've been here a few times, and I' go back. I'd also recommend it to others.
I'm very impressed with the concept! Great gift ideas, all 100% made in USA. Top quality products. Found really cool items last time I was here. The staff is amazing.. they are always friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Check this place out.
Learned about Story from Yelp.  It is an interesting boutique type store with a varied selections of novelties.   It's well worth checking out if you happen to be in the area as you never know what they might have in stock. I purchased a burlap wine bottle carrying bag.  Its something I've actually needed for awhile as I haven't had any thing to carry a single wine bottle in when bringing one to dinner from my personal wine rack.   So on my very first visit Story has already paid off for me!
I came here last night as part of a Yelp event and it was the first time I had heard about STORY. It's a fun retail spot that changes it's theme monthly, and as you could guess this month's theme is all about the holidays - "Home For The Holidays". Walking around one can find so many interesting gift items, from the unusual, to toys, to products with a purpose, to funky fashion, to drink and food, and more. It's like one of those pop up shops you see here and there around the city but done in a more tasteful way with a diverse set of inventory. I did notice most were from local artisans and businesses, but some were also made in China and abroad. Plus, some things were a bit crazy overpriced. Yet, if you looked hard enough there was something for everyone at each price point. I do like supporting local biz over mass merchants. We did purchase a few things for Christmas gifts, and they even offered free gift wrapping on site which was a nice perk. Very nice staff on hand who were very helpful. Give STORY a looksie if over in this part of Chelsea. You never know what you might find.
I love the concept of STORY! A permanent pop-up shop that features different artists and products every 4-6 weeks. You'll never run out of items to buy! I definitely don't envy the owners and the staff here though. Because (1) they have to gut and restock the store every month or so and (2) they have to fight the urge to buy everything in the store!
This is one of the best concept stores I have ever visited. STORY is unique in the sense that the merchandise rotates every month. The store is full of knick-knacks - some solely quirky, others are more functional - and you are sure to find something for yourself or someone on your gifts list. When I went this past weekend, the store was organized for the holidays and each section of the store had a different theme: "For Her", "For Him", "For the Kids", "For the Foodie", "For the Dog-Lover/Owner", and a central area for stationary and assorted desk/office necessities. The items range from edibles to kitchenware to books to technology items to clothing/accessories - I felt like it took at least 5 strolls around the entire store to see everything. Pricing here is also suited for any budget - there are great gifts for under $20, but also more luxe ones that can run you upwards of $100. I saw lots of potential stocking stuffers and Secret Santa goodies. Definitely worth a trip!
Went here for a Yelp Event on Tuesday and must say it was an interesting store! Very kitschy and very on the borders of a territory in Manhattan that I never travel to so it was an experience. Lots of random things for sale at a pretty exorbitant amount of duckets. But I took everything in and the staff was super friendly. Some of the more fun things: a flask that can hold about 2 bottles of booze, a huge array of gift soaps for that special someone in your life, hand-crafted kids' toys and statues, themed books on movies, beer, social manners & etiquette (pft), things every female and male should know. Most of them I knew, with the exception of changing a flat tire. And I haven't driven for almost three years, so that takes care of that. Whew. Object that captivated Ingrid's interest the most aside from the vast array of luxurious purses and wristlets, those freaking adorable Star Wars baby t-shirts and onesies. OHMYGOD. If I had a kid or was preggars I would totally buy the store out on r2d2 baby clothes. I almost bought them anyway. Who am I kidding.
I first came to STORY for a Yelp Elite event, where they made us feel super welcome and did a great job of showcasing the store. I've since been back on my own to pick up some last-minute Christmas gifts. It's the perfect place to find gifts for the hard-to-shop-for types. The store has a really interesting concept. Periodically, they shut down for a couple days, completely re-do the store, and open with a new "story." When I was there, the story was a holiday theme, with areas "For the Foodie," "For Her," "For Him," "For Children," etc. They had a really great selection of gifts for men, and we all know that men are hard to shop for. They gave me ideas I hadn't thought of before. There are items in every price range, and you can spend a lot or a little here if you want. Many of the items you see there are handmade. Supporting small, local businesses is super important!
With Shop Small, and Small Business Saturday holding a particularly important place in my heart, STORY is a fantastic place with a great mission! This was my first visit here and I loved being able to shop through so many different goods from all the small merchants they've cultivated together. STORY is a neat space, with a great policy of continually changing their products to match the next "story".  The theme during my visit was inspired by a partnership with American Express' Shop Small Campaign, and featured many local small businesses and merchants, and all of the stuff was pretty awesome! The items range from New York themed coasters and images, to Quirky technology, and a full assortment of men's grooming products. Looking at the diverse and unique goods I found myself hard pressed to not buy everything in the store. Thanks for being awesome and supporting Shop Small, STORY, I can't wait to come back and see what theme you cultivate next.
Yes, this place is overpriced but you need to at least walk into STORY to give it a chance. I love the concept of this store. Every 4-6 weeks, this store rotates its theme. Its current theme is "home for the holidays". I found so many cute gift ideas here and it's great because they included something for everyone - men, women, kids, tech geeks, movie fanatics, etc! And you'd be surprised that this store could have space to fit so many different departments. Another plus is the awesome staff that greets you and gives you the attention that you need without hovering over your shoulder and pestering you. Prop-os to all of you working there!
I came here as part of a Yelp event and I'm glad I did. With so many interesting gift items, I don't think anybody left without purchasing something (ok, my brother did). This permanent "pop up shop" keeps changing it's theme every month or two. This month is obvious: holiday gifts.  I almost bought some cool gloves and did end up buying an NYC Poetry book. The staff was extremely friendly and their were gifts within every price range. A lot of humorous books and gag items to be had as well. If you need some fun christmas/holiday gifts and don't want to spend a fortune check this spot out.
Excellent gift shop area. I like the concept of a permanent pop-up stores. They always have new vendors and sellers 4-6 weeks. Love the concept, but poor execution I think. Lot of variety of vendors but nothing really stood out to me. I guess I just had really high expectation for this place. Everything is kinda expensive though - well I guess you're asking for it when you're shopping near Chelsea. Every store in it's vicinity is $$$$. Worth a visit. Go to the galleries around here afterwards.
To be honest, when I first walked into Story, I was a little unsure of how I felt. Some friends and I came here for a Yelp event, and as I entered, the vibe of the store kinda felt like a wealthy hipster threw up everywhere. However, as I kept browsing, I seemed more and more keen to the overall idea of the store. Story had a really cool "permanent pop-up" concept and a really nicely decorated space. They feature a lot of locally or small business-produced goods, ranging from small electronics to fashion accessories and random clothing. The staff overall was very helpful and were very quick to answer any questions we had. I'm not one for fancy decor or fashion items, but I did appreciate the items such as the submarine cereal bowl, and the weirdly shaped iPhone cases. Relating to the "permanent pop-up" concept, every couple months or so, the inventory changes, which is a pretty cool, since you basically get a refresh of the newest quirky and unique stuff. Most of the items are on the pricier side, but you gotta feel good supporting the little guy. Again, there's also a lot of unique stuff that you can't find anywhere else. I can't say I'll come here often, given that it's a bit out of the way, but I would definitely recommend this store to people who are sick of the corporate randomness that is Urban Outfitters, and want to support local shops.
As I am walking to meet my boyfriend and his family to celebrate his Dad's birthday dinner, I text him: 'Did you pick up a gift/card for your Dad?' Guess what? Of course he hasn't. I turn the corner and head to STORY on 10th Avenue. This pop-up shop has featured products from brands that are independent. Each section of the store represents a different part of the USA. It's such a great concept! Each part of the country has such a different vibe, Mollusk surfing to Kiehl's mens' care products. I am loving it! I picked up a fun printed card, a 'Worst Case Scenario' pocketbook for New York City, a wine carrier with a print of a Napa Valley map and a cool little blanket thing that blocks cell phone reception (his Dad has a BAD habit of texting/answering his phone during family time, and we always make fun of him). STORY really helped me, help BF and save the birthday-day!
I'd never been to Story before, but after attending a Yelp event there I'll definitely recommend it. I really like their concept: a permanent storefront with the heart of a pop-up, changing out inventory every eight weeks or so. I also really like that they seem to focus on locally made products, which can range from clothing to tchotchkes to kitchenware. I say "seem to" because a set of chocolates that sounded amazing were actually from California, so I opted for some dark chocolate from Brooklyn instead. With lots of little nooks, each section is pretty well organized by type (kids clothing, hipster guy stuff, travel items) and the space is utilized well. The staff was very enthusiastic, with one or two employees approaching me to tell me about the particular company or designer behind a product. Some pieces were a little pricy, but so it goes for a cute storefront in Chelsea. I signed up for their mailing list though, because I'm intrigued by what theme/items they'll have on their next rotation!
Story is a pop up shop, so the theme changes fairly often. I was here for a Yelp event and found the staff very helpful and information, as apparently they are trained to be knowledgeable about the product. You can find some really unique items here, cool novelty gifts and handmade, kitschy stuff. Probably a good place to go for a gift for that person who already 'has everything.' Pretty sure they won't have everything in here! I like that they do emailed receipts, and apparently some in store events (the cashier assured me I wouldn't get more than a handful of emails throughout the course of the year). They also have nice unique gift wrapping. The gift wrapper was nice and took her time, much appreciated.
Short-term housing for pop-up stores - A better store concept simply does not exist!!! I discovered Story through Birchbox pop store when it was called "A Start Up Store": astartupstore.com now renamed to "Story" ...I fell in love.  I was recently invited to a book reading section that I sadly couldn't attend. Story houses a couple of different merchants at one time for a month period and rotate stores on monthly basis.  This is truly a unique and exciting type of shopping (cool-hunting) experience.  The store is right across the street from the highline so you can knock two birds with one shot. They have all sorts of cool events so make sure you check out their blog for updates: thisisstory.com/category… This places is great for finding gifts, gadgets, unusual things.  It's very focused on experience and it is very interactive and fun.
Stumbled upon Story while wandering through the meatpacking district. Why did I go in? Um, it's really sparkly. No, really. Try walking by and try to ignore all that fun stuff! It's basically a themed gift shop- supposedly changes themes every season, closes for a week or so and opens up with all different stuff. The current theme is "home for the holidays", so the place is filled with gift items for every different genre. Think of the gift section of Urban Outfitters but expanded to fit an entire store. There's definitely some unique gift items in this place and the prices range from completely affordable to not so much. Either way, it's a fun place to try and get some Xmas shopping done. It's also really hard not to buy something for yourself!
Come here until October 28th to see the "make" workshop!  You can see 3D printers, play chess, and best of all....have 5 of your friends check in on four square, which automatically opens up a baby blue fridge, where you can grab some mini coca colas.  But watch out, it also closes automatically after some time as well!   Hehe.  It's a fun pop up to check out and see some interesting, creative designs!
Attended as part of a Yelp event, and enjoyed my time at this random pop-up store. Yelp was nice enough to provide wine and beef jerky (a suprisingly good mix of items). Inside the store they had all sorts of random gag, holiday, and other assorted gifts. I saw some very nice types of chocolates, as well as scarves, and other holiday themed items. The staff there was very helpful as well. The change the merchandise/theme of the store every 1-2 months was a novel and fun idea. I would return here the next time I happen to stroll by Highline Park.
Having missed this badboy yelp.com/events/new-york… , dropped in to check out the goods. Cool space in the newly bustling 'hood that caters to the new money over here with some nifty items at typically-higher-than-they-are-elsewhere prices. Staff is omnipresent...and friendly. Good spot if you need a last-minute gift for someone who lives in the area, or just want some less traditional holiday gifts, which explained the commotion on my visit. nytimes.com/2014/03/15/b…
This is a really nice place. Easy to find and much smaller than I thought. The layout is great and that the circular tables are easy to walk around and there are a lot of cool gadgets, toys, trinkets, and stuff. I read a lot of reviews that everything is local, but most of the items I saw were either made in the USA, Germany, or somewhere else, with the majority seemingly made in Germany, so quality products and coop ideas. There are some seasonal items and the prices range from inexpensive to moderately expensive, but nothing over the top. There was nothing I found that I actually needed, but many gadgets that I wouldn't mind getting as a gift. On a side note, so easy to catch a cab up town as every fifth taxi was free and a bus stop in front as well.
Described as a "permanent pop-up" with rotating themes this is a really interesting store visited by myself during their "Love" Story Theme.  With items both general purpose and surrounding the theme of love plus a unique collection of designerware, cosmetics, chocolate, adult items, clothing, and more plus stellar customer service I personally purchased a significantly underpriced pair of cufflinks during my stay and strongly considered a few other items as well. Additionally an event space with an active e-mail list and innovative design I really enjoyed the store and the customer service - I hope it does well as I'd certainly go back on future visits to NYC.  A convenient walk from the High Line and the Chelsea Galleries are bonus perks.
I love pop-up stores!  Permanent pop-up store with plenty of cool stuff on a rotating basis. I dropped by when they had the Make workshop.  3-d printers are pretty bad ass, I would love the ability to print my own plastic parts. I hope they can keep it going indefinitely. Come by and check out STORY after you've walked on the High Line if you want to make it a day on the West Side.
What a cute store!!  This place makes it so fun to shop for gifts.  There's something for just about everyone on your shopping list here.  The outer Chelsea, Meatpacking District-adjacent location is unfortunate for a retail store, but it's really worth checking out!   Apparently, the entire store carries items to fit a theme that changes every now and then.  When I went today, there were assorted items for the dog lover, gadget geek, manly man, wine aficionado, home cook, preppy girl, grade schooler, etc.  Lots of good stocking stuffers to be found here.
So what's the story? Look for the clue between the split O in the logo. Story keeps things interesting by changing the theme of its merchandise every 4 to 6 weeks. The big pluses for any visitors to the city are its proximity to the Highline and it's permanent collection of New York themed but very hip souvenirs.
I'm in two minds but let's be honest, if we forget about the narrative and backstory behind this place and just experience as a store ( which is what it is), then its. - Not very exciting or different. - Full of similar stuff to other places. - Expensive It's a really nice idea, but at the end of the day, it's just a shop selling quite nice things, that are locally made and for more than they'd be direct from the maker. Seem's like you'd either be better off. - Buying the same stuff but made in china for about 1/3rd the price from a normal store. - Buying the same stuff direct from the maker from other sites, and paying less.
Pretty cool pop-up shop that changes themes. Right now it's design-centric. Prices are up there but I was able to find a good gift under $15 for a house warming present. Shatter proof and recyclable tumbler "glasses" for vine and cocktails. yay you can drop your drink and not hurt anyone!
I was invited to an event here for the launch of the new Falling Whistles line for Peace in the Congo. The event itself was really inspiring and I met some really cool people. It was wonderful of this store to host the event. The merchandise is varied and unique. There are tons of great gifts here from local artists as well as bigger brands and  foreign goods.
Every cute curated item is for sale here including some stuff you would find for sale at the Brooklyn Flea, like Brooklyn produced food.  Most remarkable is they have MILKMADE(not made in Brooklyn) ice-cream for sale. Previously available by monthly prescription, they have 5 flavors here including Rumble in Brighton and Rockaway Road.  I came for the ice-cream and this posh dessert @10.95 is luxurious stuff- the premier homemade NYC ice-cream. You are sent home with your ice-cream in a freezer bag- very cool.  This place is two blocks from Chelsea Market where you could sample your high end sweet treat.
what an awesome concept!  100% American made.  Really great product.  Super friendly staff, who knew a ton of info. Deff check this place out!
Cool permanent popup store that reinvents itself every 6-8 weeks; a new theme or trend complete with a new store layout and products. Fresh/cool/funny design products and enthousiastic and helpful staff. Luvvvvv it!
Love, love, love this place. It's playful and imaginative and welcoming. Can't wait for the next installation....
