This place was a blast on a Weds night. Good thing they had red bull which I mixed with my vodka, so I could stay awake cuz it was poppin till 4am. In order to get in, you need to know someone, if not its gonna be a tough door. The place is not large, its pretty small with a beautiful crowd. We had a table near the back with a bottle of champagne and Belvedere. Met a guy who claimed to have won an oscar but I don't believe him. Bathrooms are at the back behind the bar, good thing they are clean. They are unixsex. I def enjoyed this place!
I've been going to No.8 frequently for the last year and a half. Great environment, the music is always fantastic and I have always met very interesting people of all ages and colors. If you're looking for diversity and an eclectic crowd, then this your spot. It is true that the dress code requires more attention than a basic top and jeans. But that is the fun in it, right? The rooms are decorated to fit a mood and I believe you have to fit the part and dress nicely. It's only just. If you do acquire a table, the best part is the fresh watermelon juice. I happen to know it is freshly juiced every day before they open. I asked :) That beats the ordinary orange and cranberry juice options that have become tired and full of unnecessary sugar. Last thing: THE GRILLED CHEESE sandwiches that begin to circulate the room around 2 a.m. They're delicious and well, they're grilled cheese. What's to hate?
Amazing venue and party. I work here and all the best nightclubs in NYC. Text me at (347) 249-3246 for guest list and table reservations. I will get you the best possible deal at the best price.
Reviewing is a very subjective matter. I'm sure it's especially true when you are reviewing bars/clubs. I would have given No.8 a five star if I was reviewing it a while back. Let's start from the things I like about it: the decoration is classy, although the palm trees and gigantic chandelier seem a bit cliche, I still like all aspects about it; the drinks are fine, instead of just bringing regular orange juice and cranberry juice to the table, they also have watermelon juice, I like that particularly; the music is a good mix of EDM, top40 and even some retro, and it's not as loud as Marquee, which is great; the crowd is very trendy and mature, I also like that aspect. Who doesn't enjoy being surrounded by beautiful people? Just like going to any other great clubs in Chelsea, you have to dress up for it. Put on your pretty dresses and high heels. And this is the reason I can't give it a five star - my girlfriend didn't get in because she didn't wear high heels... welp, I have mixed feelings about this because as much as I enjoy dressing up and looking tall, I also feel tired of it, especially if it's just for going out but not any special occasions. But again, it's a very subjective matter. I'd recommend it if you haven't been, it's definitely one of the best clubs in the city in my opinion.
Loved! Small, cozy, cool! Great DJ, great dancing! Goood drinks too!!! Super classy and fun!!
Came here for a private event the other night for the first time. Massive bar, nice decor, ambient lighting, rotating chandeliers, etc. Not as much room as I anticipated but the atmosphere was still pretty nice and vibrant.
What an unexpected treat! No.8 is pretty fuckin awesome, from start to finish. Came with a DJ friend who is friends with the DJ that was playing that night (say that five times fast). We were escorted up the stairs to the DJ booth and private area in the loft above the club (amazing!!). So spacious, good drinks, and an awesome view overlooking the whole lounge/club area. When the set was over, I thought the night was too, but no! The whole party(? group? patrons? whatever, everyone) moved up the staircase in the back of the bar to this wild library upstairs, where the night continued! It was the afterparty, AT the party. Never seen anything like it. So cool! Huge fan of No.8 and would totally come back!
Jury is out on this one . Popped in for a quick drink and really couldn't work out this place . Its small and cosy but lacks atmosphere. Clubs have become lounges and lounges have become pretentious. Chandelier is amazing when you walk in but im really not sure about those couches. The rest of the decor feels quite 80s but not in a horrible way ... Wouldn't rush back ..but not awful in any way.
Great spot, enjoy it more than others in the area.  Really nice staff (Lily and Ashley especially) who are all very hospitable and reasonable, even to those rejected at the door.  Great vibe, beautiful people.  Upstairs is really fantastic, with so many records lining the wall -- one of the staff told me you can actually select a record and play some of the music.  Someday I'll have to try that. Nice, beautiful bartenders.  Beautiful, young, international crowd (somewhat pretentious but its NYC and its an exclusive spot, so what the hay).   Love the spot.  Getting tired of the exact location under PhD and above Electric Room, though.  So many hecklers now outside trying to sell you all kinds of fluff -- let me party in PEACE.  But once I'm past the ropes, I'm very happy.
This place plays good music. It's definitely cramped up. You can try to dance and bump into others. You have to dress up. Leave the jeans at home. Both times that I've been here I've had a table. It's nothing special. The servers are attentive. I would describe the crowd as mixed ages. I've seen older men 40+ and young females that's New York for you. The crowd is friendly I haven't come across jerks. I've never had to deal with the bar before so I can't speak for that. The bathroom is unisex. Which I'm not a fan of. Overall, I've had fun here both times but it is a basic nightclub with no wow factor. Also it is better if your go during the week days.
Nested in between PhD, Electric Room and the Maritime Hotel, this ultra-exclusive place is easy to miss, since the entrance is not that big and its name is not easily noticed, reminding me of a speakeasy style. No. 8 likes to keep things private, under the radar, intimate and low key -- all in a very stylish manner. If you really have trouble finding No. 8, just look for the biggest, most intimidating doormen on the block and you found the place. Seriously: These doormen ALMOST make the door bitches at Provocateur look like sweet, cuddly lap pooches. For The Lucky Few. .....That make it past the velvet rope. No. 8 is pretty much the most impressive upscale lounge in NYC, especially when it comes to its interior design. Gorgeous lighting, sexy atmosphere, beautiful round booths with a breathtaking chandelier and palm trees that make you feel like you're almost back in Bungalow 8 from back in the day, with a whole new feel to it. I would label this place as 'Ultra VIP'. It has a pretty damn hard door, unless if you are on the guest list or have your own connections, by knowing the manager/owner/promoter. If you're not plugged into the nightlife scene, don't have lots of cash to throw around and you're not a celebrity, forget about getting into this place. Speaking of promoters, and their posses: They are not really big on promoters here. Most tables here are paid for with big bucks. Fireworks? Forget that too. This is not some Jersey Shore white trash shit show with glow sticks etcetera. In this posh establishment, people are dressed cool, trendy hipster style, OR they look like they just walked out of the office with their custom made designer suits. At No. 8 everything has glamour and allure.  We're talking chic, we keep it classy, girls don't twerk here.... You get it.  This place has its own good DJ's spinning great music. Good vibe. Crowd is a few years older than what you see in the other hot night clubs --I'd say mid to late twenties on average. Cool people overall that probably were mostly Ivy League schooled. The Record Room. Definitely try to make it to the record room upstairs. Not easy to get up there, related to it being a VIP, stamps only kinda area, but see what you can do. It is very well put together, and has such a great atmosphere. Very retro. Like an other Yelper stated it's like a party in someone's living room is taking place. I felt like I walked onto a movie set 20+ years ago. The walls have shelves with tons of old vinyl records and there is another DJ spinning entirely different kinds of music. More like 'Let's Twist Again' etc. Really cool. Different. Impressive altogether. The Verdict. Do I like this place? Absolutely! I will most definitely be back soon. The only thing I wouldn't rave about here is the food. At No. 8, food is just... food. Something to fill your stomach with if you're out and happen to be hungry. So don't go here just to eat, or else you might be a bit disappointed. You come here for the total package of everything else I mentioned above. Tips. * Mix your drinks with that watermelon juice when you have bottle service.     That stuff is Da BOMB! * Don't take pictures here. They'll go berserk here. Even if there are no movie stars or famous singers anywhere to be found.
4.5 Stars. I've been to this place multiple times, and I've never had a bad time here. There was one time I was at an event for Woodford Reserve and it took a bit for people to get in, but that's because there were a ton of people trying to get in! Besides that though it's been smooth sailing. I love the layout, and the upstairs library bar area is top notch. It's pretty no nonsense when you're on the list as well. In fact I'm pretty sure it's guestlist every night? Well it was every night I was there. That being said this is a great place and I find myself here all the time now.
Tried to inquire about upstairs just me 1 girl and they demanded a $100 bar tab. Definitely racist as I'm Asian and not white -- because the staff proceeded to let 5-8 other white girls behind me in, who were your regular average looking girls (normal girls, I'm not talking about fashion week models), who didn't have any table reservations or special connections. The girls who came out told me upstairs was boring and totally not worth it. I would never have an event or my birthday here. There are so many other cool places in NYC.  Got into lobby floor via promoter but I dunno about this place being a good experience.
Loved this place.  I came here with some friends late night and we got a table upstairs and were right behind the dj so that was cool.  Great music for dancing which is what we like to do most. The downstairs decor was pretty interesting.  I was with a group so I didn't pay too much attention to the other people there that night.  I'd go back again even if we didn't get a table upstairs.  It was very fun.
So I did come here again, but this time on a Saturday.  It was different this time.  Last time had been on a Wednesday right before a long holiday weekend and it had been crowded and in hindsight I think it had been a promoter-driven party.  Too many people had been let in and the resulting crowd had been the strangest mix of people.  This time there definitely was more consistency in the crowd.  Like the people themselves were eclectic rather than the crowd mix being eclectic and the variation in type wasn't as wide as before and it was a much classier crowd.  This time it was packed, but with enough room to maneuver with definitely better crowd control than last time. This time it was definitely guest list only.  You could just tell because when we arrived right before midnight there were a few senior citizens here (obviously guest list members or friends of the owner) bopping their heads to the music, but they cleared out soon as more people entered.  You could also tell it was guest list only by the attire that people were wearing - casual and there were some guys in straight up t-shirts.  And some of the females were on the older and heavier side and many were very casually dressed.  Reminded me of the Boom Boom Room in this respect where I remember seeing a guy in a baseball cap and sneakers once, but he had an air of being "somebody". The group of girls that I entered with had all been dressed in black, were attractive and were extremely tall.  So tall that when I first saw them I had felt like a midget amongst mutants.  LOL.  And I probably stand at 5'11 with my highest heels on and I was still the shortest in the group.  Btw, we hadn't planned the all black in advance but it just coincidentally ended up working out that way which I thought was funny. I'd actually come back again to check out the second floor, which is something I hadn't done the first time around.  It is roped off and you need a stamp to get up there.  It is a small space to begin with and has its own elevated mini-VIP lounge area and then the general space also has tables with a little bit of space to dance in the middle. It had a "party in someone's living room" kind of feel.  It was like completely retro up there with like a separate female DJ playing records and the crowd all seemed familiar with each other or acted that way.  Like if you were up there, you were really "in".  Their attire was casual and retro almost (like they'd come thematically dressed intentionally) as was their dancing and It seemed so out of this era up there that I half expected the Beatles to pop out or something.
Ehh this place is OK, I guess! It certainly is nothing like the original bungalow 8, that's for sure. Came here during the summer for one of my birthday celebrations (lol) and had a lot of fun with my crazy friends. Drinks are mighty expensive but thank god I wasn't paying for anything that night because the tab was out-F**KING-rageous! (think like $40 a pop for a GLASS of rose). Door is ridiculously tough, which makes it LAME for people that are just looking to go out and have some unpretentious fun! Service inside was good and our waitress was really friendly and even brought me out some cake & strawberries with the bottles...so it was a win-win situation for me!! Aside from having an amazing time with friends, I was kind of disappointed by the decor of this place because I thought it was....bland & missing the eccentric Sacco touch! Few celebrities were in attendance, not to mention that the table directly next to us included some familiar runway models and non other than the king/pimp of nightlife himself, Mr. Russell Simmons! Homeboy surely gets around because I've run into him several times already this year! Come here if you can get through the bouncers without a hassle. If not, don't worry...I can assure you that you will not be missing out on much, at all! It's basically the average meat packing hangout with the unnecessary hype and the added level of pretentiousness.
If I could give no stars I would. The crowd here was very pretentious and hipster. The music is awful. There's no room to move and the bouncers are on some power trip. I will never be returning.
Went here for a friend's art opening this past summer. The layout and the staff were extremely nice. Just not my type of crowd. Very bridge and tunnel, or where corporate employees chill after work.
The people that work here. Wow. That's all I have to say. Great event space. Was this the old Bungalow? Whatever, you guys have a great bouncer, good security staff, great space and the best looking employees ever. 5/5
A friend and I came to a wildlife art exhibit here last Tuesday and made our way to the bar, amid about 50 other people. The bartender was slow and unhelpful. We ordered one glass of Pinot Noir and one glass of prosecco. We then asked to close our tab. She presented us with a bill for $48, which included an automatic 20% service charge. We had no table service, nothing to eat. Just two drinks. Overpriced. Outrageous. There was no indication that proceeds from the wine and liquor sales would go to the artist or to the cause she was supporting. Stay away.
My new favorite meatpacking destination. The music is fantastic, the drinks are great, the look is super-fun. It doesn't get five stars because the doormen suuuuck. You are obviously letting me in because I know someone inside and I am/with a few hot girls, you don't have to be so unpleasant.
This place is just OK.  Doorman was a complete idiot - I am not sure why this place wanted to hire an obviously ghetto unintelligent "thug"...   If you are in area go to P.H.D. instead.
Cute small club. Exclusive. White tufted couches are amazing. I love the layout! Even though it's small you have a separate area that the bar is situated at. Full view of the tables. Great crowd! Thank god. One extra star for the fresh squeezed watermelon juice mixer. Pour it up!
No. 8 lived up to my expectations.  It definitely has that exclusivity factor to it, that's for sure.  From what I understand, this is currently the toughest door in the city (which is why he's probably  mean to you).  Two different vibes upstairs and downstairs.  I definitely prefer upstairs, but they don't even let everyone up there, so don't hold your breath and be thankful you were lucky enough to be allowed in in the first place.  Downstairs is dark and sultry, with a large bar in the middle of the floor.  Pretty crowded, friendly bartenders, etc.  Upstairs is where it's at.  It's has a lounge set up and is very reminiscent of someones basement in the 1970s, which I thought was pretty rockin.  The DJ upstairs is an old guy with a beard that apparently is one of the best DJs in the city.  I mean the guy spins with vinyl, it's pretty ridiculous to watch!   Drinks are expensive (expected) and the people are beautiful.  Why wouldn't you want to be here?
The most pretentious, over rated place i have ever been to. We went here for a bachelorette party for dinner and then table service. Got there at 10pm for dinner, the place was totally empty. Ordered almost everything on the menu, food was horrible. I'm not expecting great food from a club but at least try to present it cute. Every single item is presented on a wood slab and you only get 3 of each mini bite. The prices were embarrassingly high. It was such a "wannabe" place, everyone there is only there to impress the next person. We took one photo when the place was empty and the security freaked out that camera's weren't allowed. Why? Are you afraid of us taking pictures of the horrible decor? Boring crowd, lame lame lame music, overpriced, and really unimpressive decor.
I never went to the original Bungalow 8 but I imagine it was better. The doormen are unfriendly (even more than the New York norm), they saw me walk in and out 4 or 5 times and each time asked what i was there for - i was 2 feet away from them when i walked out so i wasnt new. when i said "ya i just came out, going back in" they would let me back in. apparently i just needed to say it so they looked important, too. then my friend tried to go downstairs cause he thought it was an extension of the bar - bartender stopped him and acted personally affronted. we tried to take pictures of our party (got a bottle and table service for bday) and we're told "no pictures inside!!!!" how pretentious considering that if celebrities were there, i didn't see them, and no one was doing anything risque or illicit in the background requiring secrecy. i wasn't super into the crowd either - looked like 80% douchey finance guys wihout much to say and party girls, and 20% friendly and interesting people. but the positives: the bottle service waitress was super sweet and brought mini cakes for us. didn't catch her name beautiful red and tropical decor (not as nice as the hurricane club in midtown east with a similar look) in sum, go to either electric or phd if youre in that immediate area and in a jam.
