Adorable little shop/cafe! A plethora of natural and organic stuff up front, including shoes and clothes, homewares, baby supplies, and essential oils. In the back, a little cafe with vegan ice cream! Highly recommended, especially for vegans looking to hang out somewhere a bit out of the way of the St. Marks hubbub.
Coooool spot! Just happened to be walkin past and cruised in to check it out.  Picked up some Bamboo utensils for a fair price and that was that.  The girl at the register was....nicer by the time we left but kinda smug; surprisingly. This spot is worth checkin out for sure!
Love this place - mostly for the snacks. Fun vegan cookies, muffins, and ICE CREAM!! Hell yeah! The store itself is a LOT to look at. They used to have these PB&J bars...where did those go? I love to stop in here and see what they're serving. I'll be making even more stops come spring...
A store offering products and quirky gift items that are Local, Organic, Recycled, Fair-Trade, Re-purposed, Eco-Friendly, Biodegradable, Products and Gifts. They do have testers for the cosmetic products so that's definitely a plus. It also happens to have a cafe right next to it that offers Fair Trade organic coffee by Brooklyn Roasting Company and offers food items like homemade vegan soups, sandwiches, baked goods (cupcakes, muffins, pastries) and even Ice Cream!! that are cashew nut based!! therefore, Vegan and Vegan-Friendly. I got their Vegan ice cream of Espresso and Lavender and it was delicious!! I can definitely taste the flavors and it was very creamy and was amazed it wasn't dairy!! They have a good variety of soothing background music (mostly music from the 90s to early 2000s (Boys II Men, Mariah Carey, Brian McKnight, Destiny's Child etc) which definitely brings back nostalgia if you're an 80s kid!!!) They do have a restroom for CUSTOMER use only and they do have Wi-Fi but it was acting funny today...maybe because of the constant downpour we had throughout the entire day today. There are electric outlets on the walls in the seat/tables toward the far end of the cafe. Crowd seemed like a good mix of hipsters, laptop/macbook whores/ East Village artsy types, gays, and the occasional Token Asian like myself. I would come here for the Vegan treats and if you're trying to buy a gift for someone and want to get them something unique and NOT something ANYONE can find in a gift shop around the city. I'll try their interesting sounding tea drinks next time!! Be sure to ASK the staff for the Wifi password as it changes constantly (although it's written on the wall)!!
I've lived in the neighborhood for three years and I've passed by Sustainable NYC maybe a hundred thousand times, walked in a few, and maybe only bought one or two things here.  I kind of had it pegged as a bit of a hippie store, and while I wasn't entirely wrong it's really a great spot to shop.  I TELL YOU A STORY. It's a few days before Christmas this year and I'm running around like a chicken with, well, you know.  I'd sworn off all holiday festivities and obligations months earlier which of course means a last minute dash to buy gifts.  Guilt?  Morality?  A desperate last reach at a lost youth?  I'm not sure what drives me into this exact situation every year, but what's important is that it drove me here, at about 10PM.  First off they're open till ten.  Cool!  It was more like eleven during the holidays but they maintain a solid late evening presence year round.  I managed to knock off about half my Christmas list here (for the 13 and up set anyhow) and just skated down the block to Alphabets for the lil'uns. That fateful pre-Christmas shopping binge left me with some very neatly wrapped (at a reasonable fee) gifts, plus a couple pairs of nice organic socks (organic socks!!! I didn't know I needed them but they're great, and so playful!) for myself.  I also picked up a really nice foaming mint/lavender soap so I didn't have to tell my Christmas dinner guests to spit on their hands and rub them together before dinner.  A month and a half later and that soap is still going strong.  Whether that speaks to its longevity or my personal hygiene is up for debate, but it sure smells purdy!   I've since been back once since, again in a mad dash to get a birthday present for a birthday party I was already 45 minutes late to, and ended up with - you guessed it - more organic socks!  The staff has been incredibly helpful both times and from now on I'll make this an actual stop on my weekly and monthly apartment-freshening shopping trips.   Whether you live in the area or not, definitely make a stop at Sustainable NYC for great, cute, fun gifts and housewares.  BY THE WAY THEY'RE OPEN TILL TEN.
Stopped in to grab something to eat and discovered this wonderful establishment!  I am not vegan and usually I would have gone somewhere else but the atmosphere and service was welcoming and shopping was unique! Had the gluten free PB and Jelly with banana and it was fabulous! Highly recommend this place!
The other night my girlfriend wanted to go for a walk. Thanks to Sustainable NYC, it turned out to be the most expensive walk I've ever been on. They just have tons of stuff...made out of other, recycled stuff. Wallets made from recycled bike innertubes and recycled billboards. Coasters made out of rolled up magazines and little craft items purportedly made by the kids at the Earth School on Ave B. Even organic lube so you can "make love sustainably."* We ended up walking out with a t-shirt she wanted, 2 reusable water bottles and a little, brightly colored wallet/purse thingy for my mom, made out of a recycled sari.** And that cost me nearly $100. So yeah, everything is just a bit overpriced. $4 for a mini-notepad with a metro card for a cover? C'mon. I know how much those are. They're everywhere, and they're free. Soap Nuts; yes, I know it's Nature's laundry soap. But you're telling me someone gathered a bunch of nuts from outside, and now it costs me $10 because you put them in a box? That doesn't seem like you really want me to stop using Tide. But I needed a reusable water bottle, and my mom's really going to love that little wallet/purse thingy that I paid an obscene amount of money for, considering it used to be someone else's clothing. I haven't been so sure of anything since I KNEW taking that job with Lehman Brothers was the good, stable decision. __________ *There's a joke to be made at my expense here, I'll leave it to you. **Dad, if you read this, don't spoil the surprise.
Woohoo! I have found fair trade in Manhattan and I will be back for the guilt free shopping for a noble cause. Seriously, there is no buyer's remorse when you shop "fair". In this time of a globalized world market there needs to be consideration for the conditions of the worker. Fair trade is an anti-sweatshop, and anti-child labor movement with an emphasis on the dignity of the artisans. These practices ensure that people in developing countries are able to live on more than a dollar a day economy. If you're unsure of the concept, just go to the store and you will understand.
Really cute eco boutique with a nice cafe! I got a really cool multi-utensil from here. It's a good place for eco-gifts and some other fun recycled stuff and other eco goods for yourself. The cafe is vegan friendly and they have Lula's Ice Cream by the scoop. I always stop in here when I'm in the area. Check it out!
What a great place! I bought two Rainforest bracelets (Acai like beads),one triple bracelet made from paper in a gorgeous blue, A fennel and grapefruit lip balm.(yum), A coin pouch made from recycled all kinds of stuff (candywrappers,soda labels and food packages). SO cute... and some flip flops that were on 25% sale.Can you say very comfy? The items aren't cheap, these items never are, but the place is great,all kinds of "sustainable" things. Definetely going back for an adorable mirror surrounded by what looks like candy wrappers. Who wuda thunk it....years ago we made bracelets out of our juicy fruit wrappers...now they're handbags and serving trays and ........ Ahhh,  gotta love "Go Green!"
Sustainable NYC is definitely one of my go-to's for gifts that are unique, sweet and ethically made. the staff at Sustainable are always so sweet and generous with their time and it's very appreciated. I have on many occasions asked for their opinions and they will dig thru their inventory or traipse around the store with me to find exactly what I'm looking for. Always so happy to pay them a visit. Tips! I come here for sweet little jewelry and accessories like scarves, makeup and small house goods. I also love this place for carrying ethical personal products like razors, toothbrushes, toothpaste, lady products ect. Mention you're a local and get a local discount :D
Cute little Vegan/Organic/Uber hippy shop. They have homemade lavender ice cream though which was really fantastic! I'm in that area a fair amount, so if I'm feelin' the need to scream for some ice cream, I'm going to head there! Vegan, its vegan ice cream. Who knew it could taste so good? I love me some meat and dairy, especially together, but this will do too!
Organic, Natural and Recycled. These three terms sound very good. This shop has an assortment of handmade, recycled and reusable products. From bags, make-up Jewelry and even clothing. I'm glad that I finally had the chance to come in here. I really want to try the food and ice cream that they have here. My next review will let you know what's good!
What an amazing find!  I stopped in yesterday to check out the vegan goodies (unfortunately the shop was just recovering from the loss of power during Hurricane Sandy, and I didn't get to try anything - next time!) and ended up walking out with holiday gifts instead.  I loved the selection of beautiful fair trade holiday cards.  They also have lots of little gifts; I'm the type of person who will buy a bunch of small things as opposed to 1 big thing, so this was especially fun for me.  Fair prices.  Very helpful staff. Will definitely be back for more gifts and to check out the baked goods @ the cafe!
Amazing and helpful staff, and the owner rocks! It should be every person that loves real NY small businesses go to shop for gifts and organic products. The support of local artists and reasonable prices are unparalleled in this greedy NY that is invading. Shop here and show that you still believe in the East Village that is disappearing.
A really nice selection of earth friendly products at reasonable prices for yourself and a good place to find unique gifts. I have been eyeing the reclaimed beer bottle glasses for a while!
So great! Stopped in here on the way to happy hour and walked out with awesome incense! Reminds me of southern boutiques with loads of kitschy stuffs.
I LOVE THIS STORE!!! Looking for a quirky card, sweet smelling soy candle or a picture frame made out of old tires?  This is your spot!  Admittedly in the US we are weapons of massive consumption, and I don't condone buying something you don't absolutely need, but shopping at Sustainable NYC will actually make you feel good about your consumerism!  The cafe in the back also has a great spread of hot & cold sandwiches, soup, pastries and sorbet.  I like to come here and study too because it's not as crowded as the bean or b cup cafe, and there's free wifi!
I bet every single one of you knows somebody who would -just- die to discover this green boutique / cafe, sitting pretty just a few yards downstream of poor, tired Cafe Pick Me Up. The first association I made was my glamor-bohemian college buddy, whose got a heart o' gold, is keen fo' green, and is wholly addicted to girlstuff (like woodsy earrings, lip balm and hygiene products inspired by Apple, hip totes, pretty die-cut greeting cards, scarves).
Dead for over 5 months since I got it on my birthday, after Easter, the Happy Jar actually started to absorb daylight and lit up every night once lights were off. (Thank god!) The warm and fuzzy feeling seeing the physicality of sunshine unfold and dissolve was reassuring. While it lasted, happiness looked so beautiful. Sustainably, it'll last forever.
Love this cute little spot. It's filled with eco-friendly goods and trinkets. The staff is really nice and you never know what you might find. Added and best bonus, the cafe! They have wonderfully flavored iced teas, tasty coffees..all fair trade, but the must-try treat is the vegan ice cream..Lula's vegan ice cream that is. Lula's Sweet Apothecary makes amazing vegan ice cream..so amazing you'd have no idea it's vegan..an absolute godsend for those of us with dairy issues. So, stop in grab yummy iced tea, ice cream cone and wander around this lovely eco-friendly space!
I really, truly, absolutely one-hundred percent hate this place. This is what will happen if Sustainable NYC stays open any longer. I'll be flat-broke and I won't be able to pay off my student loans, eventually becoming homeless and begging for spare change in order to get my fix of trendy post-consumer knick-knacks that I will never need. I'll push my belongings around in a stolen Trader Joe's food cart, which will contain my $29 recycled nylon yoga mat bag, and my $50 reusable sunlight jar (just leave out in the sun and the little solar-powered lamp stays bright all night, perfect for the gutter I'll be living in!). I'll keep the little money I have in the post-consumer plastic wallet ($39) and I can letters my parents asking for money on cute little recycled greeting cards ($8 a pop). Even just writing this, I'm jonesin to go back. Good thing I lost my ATM card at Standings night.
I was looking for a place that did vegan ice cream when I saw a notice advertising this place. I went in just for a nosy and was overwhelmed by the choice of things available.  I wasn't intending to buy but spotted an organic make up range with a frosted pink colour lipstick that I'd been after for ages. When I paid for it, the teller told me that they were the sole US distributors of this French brand. Score!
Really glad I stopped in to look around. I love shops like this - really nice gifts, quality products, and friendly people who are helpful and excited about your finds. I picked up a few bottles of Priti nail polish here. They have a good selection of beauty & home products.
This densely-packed store has wonderful reused items and natural products. I'd say it's very heavy on the jewelry and organic cotton products. You have to check out the store slowly because there's so much packed into a small space. The prices are pretty standard for stores like this in the city. I'm glad I checked it out and would definitely come back to buy a friend a gift. However, nothing spontaneously jumped out at me to buy during my first visit.
Sustainable gifts:  A good place to find gifts for friends or family.  Very clever items, all from recycled materials.  I bought a very nice bracelet made of soda-can-tops, well designed. Cafe:  A nice and small space, free Wifi.  Low key takeout items, soup, muffins.
Coffee and cookies, crunchy as crunch can be... And a nice selection of repurposed products. They have a backpack made from human hair, some small vases made from toe nails, and condoms made from old bicycle tubes... Really great stuff guys. So rather than reusing what you have, go buy stuff that other people have collected, repurposed into more crap that you can buy, shipped and marketed directly to you! What's more cool then saying "I really care about the earth" then having a hat made from used toothbrush bristles with a picture of you and your prius on the front. Actually my elephant dung shoes are very comfy... and when they get wet and too squishy, I can plant my weed in them. I love this place.
Cool stuff like reusable bags that are neatly kept inside a lady bug or bumble bee pouch. You can get Tom Shoes here or other eco-friendly attire. They also sell California baby and other cute baby stuff. Not to mention pick up a refreshing drink - FRESHLY SQUEEZED Orange Juice, Grapefruit juice or Ice Cold Green Tea.
This is a great store!!! I had to kill a few minutes today before my haircut at Crops for Girls and decided to pop in - so glad I did!. They have an amazing array of recycled, organic, local products which are perfect for gifts. Before I left, I bought a small marjoram lavender mandarin-scented travel candle which smells amazing! I can't wait to go back!
I hadn't been there for awhile and went there today with a friend.  I like the fact that most of the items they sell are made from recycled products.  They have some very clever items, such as coasters made from keys.  They also have a nice selection of natural skincare & makeup items, lots of tempting candles, and lots of colorful purses & wallets.
I kinda ran into this place by mistake.  Was coming to find the Giant Robot store and landed right in front of this place. Being a green kid, I spent a good amount of time looking around.  Def your one stop shop for all your green needs.  The staff was a little preoccupied with helping some of the other customers, so I didn't get very much help and the store is loaded with so much stuff, its hard to get around. I also had to use the bathroom but they wouldn't let me use the bathroom unless I bought something from the cafe.  I bought $50 worth of stuff but I couldn't use their bathroom unless I bought something from the cafe?  I ended up buying a vegan brownie in order to use the bathroom. Other than that, there are a lot of neat stuff here made out of recycled material for your eco-needs.
I love the idea of selling environmentally friendly, trendy home goods and gifts, but this place is outrageously over-priced.  I had a 10% off coupon from TONY which I used to buy a Gaiam yoga mat for going rate (about $45) and a cute, solar-powered clock for my bathroom for $9.99.  Some of their other stuff - which is essentially repurposed garbage - was cute but there's no way I would pay what they were asking. Worth popping in once in awhile to see what they've got, but the novelty of being reused wears off when you see the pricetag.
- The store is filled with brilliant eco / green products +includes everything from cleaning supplies to chocolate - super friendly staff
The food here is disgusting. i mean literally.. soggy disgrace.. you shouldnt be in business of food, if your food is that soggy and gross. insult to vegetarians worst food ive had in ny to date --- LOL at below. i do not work here!!  what the hell?? I  am a professional student.. living in the area. thank YOU very much. but nice to know you hire convicts at your establishment ! jeeez! lol
This is my place to go for last minute gifts! I get a cup of coffee and I look through all the creative creations.
My iced coffee that came in some sort of biodegradable container was good (they had splenda which I gave the barista a hard time about since it is hardly "natural") We sampled the chocolate cake (vegan AND delish)  A nice spot to get something to take into the park or find some nice gifts-buying stuff that has been made from other stuff is part of the recycling thing.
Heading over to the yelp elite event last night I stumbled into this shop, with the hopes of holding onto my wallet (as I am brokeee). It was very, very, very difficult but I did manage to resist.  The store is gorgeous! All products are VERY reasonably priced and I just plain wanted to own it all - or gift it all. This is a gift-go-to spot! Green is in, so go get some presents that are hip.
Cool shop that sells everything from clothing, to paper, to interesting gifts.  They also have a cafe that sells coffee and delicious vegan treats.  A nice spot to wander into on a Saturday afternoon.  Guaranteed that you won't leave empty handed.
I liked the cafe part of this place. My coffee was good, I wasn't tempted to try anything else. The table was cool, the built in bench didn't hurt my spine excessively, other patrons were friendly but not too much so. As far as the shop in front...nothing really interested me. I did want some of the art in the cafe. Supposedly that art is for sale. Someone tried to buy it for me and they (the cafe) made it difficult, ie. impossible. I still want one of the prints, but I guess I'll have to go to the gallery myself.
This store is amazing! Not only can I find the perfect gift every time, last minute or planned, on a budget or not. The items are so unique! I find such fun things to simply toss in the mail for a sweet random gift, items for friends, things for my home & clean organic skin care at great prices! I love the feel of this store, the location, the energy. Honest, service with a smile every time! ........And I can even grab a healthy yummy snack! And don't forget ....Sustainable! EVERYBODY WINS!
Sustainable has such an eco-friendly, organic vibe.  Maybe that's because the majority of their items for sale are eco-friendly and organic. :D My first time here was last year and I have been back several times since. Lots of wonderful products for sale from around the globe and local too. Yesterday I purchased a bar of all natural fragrant spearmint tea tree soap. Sustainable shares its space with Ciao For Now Cafe.  CFN, like Sustainable, has an earthy, eco-friendly feel. The area is painted a vibrant green with white. They renovated the cafe from last year. The table tops are a soothing and smooth beige marble like material. The white built in benches are comfortable. There are a few standing chairs as well.  The energy is laid back, comfortable, cozy, bright and fresh. Lots of delicious offerings are served up daily such as, soups, sandwiches, salads, breads, desserts ie., cookies, cake and more. The traditional beverages like capps, espresso, organic coffee, decaf, hot teas, cold teas and more are available.  The baristas are pleasant and mellow like the cafe itself. Yesterday I had a delicious cappucino served in a colorful green mug and delicate saucer.  The espresso had a medium- bold, rich flavor and was foamy and decorative. A pitcher of cold water and glasses are laid out for customers. A woman was working on her lap top, so they have wifi. If you are looking for a relaxing place that also has a positive energy  to read, eat, drink, chat, work, do a little shopping and more, Sustainable NYC/Ciao For Now just might be the place for you.
UPDATE!!!! Sustainable did try to get in touch and talk it out.  I have been very busy the last few months, so it slipped through the cracks.  If you guys promise to have better customer service, I promise not to be grumpy anymore.  Everyone makes mistakes.  Changing rating from 1 star to 3. ================= I used to like this store, but not anymore.  I bought some clothes there recently without trying them on (their "dressing room" is a bathroom and they are weird about letting you use it).  Two things fit and one didn't, so I took it back.  It turns out the woman who checked me out had accidentally charged me for the long sleeved shirt twice instead of charging me for a long sleeved shirt and a t-shirt.  So rather than give the benefit of the doubt on that, the person I was returning the t-shirt with basically accused me of shoplifting.  That's really awkward.  I offered to take store credit instead, but that didn't really help.  On top of that it turns out the t-shirt was cheaper than the long sleeved shirt, so I had been overcharged to begin with.  I did eventually get the refund - for $10 less than what I paid.  I should have either just given the shirt to a friend it would have fit or gotten a refund from Amex instead. Here's an idea - do inventory.  You will find you have one extra long sleeved elephant shirt.  That's because I was accidentally charged for two.  If you are so concerned about shoplifting, tag your clothing like everyone else.  Also, train your cashiers not to f** up the receipts in the first place and overcharge for things. So the cost of being too lazy to try on clothes before you buy them  + being too trusting to check your receipt before leaving = $10 + being accused of shoplifting + being ten minutes late for work.   I will not be going back.
the other day, i strolled into work with my new glasses to the sounds of my co-workers screeching, "aimee, you're sucha hipster!!!!!!!" errrr????? it's probably my fault - i should have known better than to ask my two very waspy teammates their opinion of my new face candy. to them, toms, skinny jeans, an aversion of frequenting any place past 14th street and, now, thick black-framed glasses garnered me that elusive title. therefore, in an effort to REALLY reach for the stars, i bought myself another pair of toms from sustainable NYC. however, that wasn't the plan. the plan was for my friend and i to walk our happy asses from the LES to the EV ... quickly. but we were seduced with the delicious-looking treats within eyeshot from the front door ... lovely treats that beckoned to us from the sidewalk. so, inside we went. and, inside was a lot of stuff ... recycled, expensive stuff whose sole purpose was to make me feel slightly better about my pricey purchase. (hey, it's helping the environment, right?!) obviously, that justifies the $100 spent on candles, a baby's onesie and a pair of toms. (i only bought the toms ... but i could have bought the other stuff, too!) but everyone was so freakin' nice and helpful that you couldn't knock 'em for their 10000% mark-up! and they make you feel so good about your purchase that a $100 can quickly turn into $200, perhaps $300 and so on. kermit, you said it best - *sigh* - it ain't easy being green.
This place has awesome stuff the the concept is great - totally eco friendly supporting local, organic, fair trade, recycled, repurposed, biodegradable, alternative energy products. You are paying up a bit for that, but its worth it when your bow tie made of metro cards is also good for the environment. They have so many different cool things and gift ideas - from vegan nail polishes and soaps to great stationary and recycled wallets to the tiniest Toms. In the back there is also a place to get food and snacks. Stopped in with my friend from out of town and she loved it. I am looking forward to going back.
I can't believe I never walked into this place before last weekend. I was wishing for a place that serves good cake by the slice nearby and lo and behold, not only does this cafe have delicious vegan chocolate cake, but quality whole-leaf teas and delicious cupcakes (including my favorites, red velvet and carrot cake). Free wi-fi and you can feel good for supporting an eco-friendly store. Seating is limited, so let's keep this place a secret, ok?
I love this place--they have a small yet well stocked collection of all kinds of eco friendly products:  clothing and shoes, skincare, makeup, bags, home decor, bug spray, jewelry, etc..  Great place to get a gift.  The prepared food is great as well--they stock food from local, healthy, organic places and while not exclusively vegan or gluten free or anything like that, any dietary restrictions are accommodated with their selections.  The raw vegan cake batter ice cream is pretty unbelievable.
I love this cute little shop.  Every time I find myself here, I have a gigantic bag of some sort with me, so I'm always afraid I will knock over something or someone, since it's a little cramped (like most stores in the city).  I especially love their assortment of greeting cards.  I've bought at least 10 here by this point.  I am slightly obsessed with greeting cards, though, so buying 5 at a time is not unusual, even when there is no birthday or special occasion in the near future.   They have a wide variety of cute items which make great gifts, or that you may wind up getting for yourself.  They have tons of jewelry made from old parts of other items, like bike chains, or credit cards.  There are a few items made of old vinyl records, like a clock.  They have tons of bags of every kind, mini herb garden starter kits, solar powered chargers for reusable batteries or for your iPhones, clothing made of natural materials, TOMS and other (sometimes vegan) shoes, natural makeup and skincare, a large collection of Klean Kanteens, fragrance free/ unbleached / natural feminine and baby products, and tons more useful items.   The store also houses the cafe many have spoken about, which offers a lot of vegan and/or gluten-free options, such as ice cream by Lulu's.  Every staff member I've ever spoken to has been helpful and friendly. Last time I was there, I was informed that they are helping get the word out about wind power.  If you can prove that you are a current ConEd customer, on the weekend they will offer a $10 credit if you fill out the form supporting the push to utilize wind power and alternative power sources.  Several other local business are doing this promotion, but I would want to get a $10 credit at this store for sure.  Next time you are there, ask an associate about this.  I'm sure I left some info out.  I'm glad to be able to benefit by getting the credit and also making sure at least some of the electricity to run the computer I'm typing this review on will come from the wind. If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop in.  You never know what you might find.
came to the store because of toms shoes- the store is one in not so many store in new york that carried toms shoes besides wholefood. they carried almost all sizes not so many varieties like you will find in online store but you can try them on here if you still not sure what size you should order- the whole store selling cute stuffs that is green-from make up.jewelry,greeting cards and many mores.. also there's a cafe area inside the store that serves coffee. staffs is really helpful with the shoes size by the way..
Awesome place! Ben at the expresso bar is the man!
Love the concept of this place, every single thing is made from sustainable resources, not just within the U.S. but internationally as well. It's a great place to buy gifts, unfortunately, some of the stuff is exhorbitantly priced, considering it's a piece of aluminum or plastic. There are some very clever items, such as a speaker set made from cereal boxes, like Corn Pops.. oh yes!, bowls made from vinyl records, bags made from aluminum. They carry clothes, cards, jewelry, home accents, even have a baby's section, household cleaners, and even makeup! Who knew?! They also carry Tom's shoes. The bakery in the back is small and has a counter and few tables and chairs, but it's not warm and inviting. I think a max of 5 ppl can sit there at a time. All in all, a very cool spot with all things sustainable.
Easily my fave store to buy gifts in NYC. I love the fact that this little treasure of a store has a heart. They carry a very wide variety of products, from TOMS shoes, to shea lotion made by women in West Africa, recycled jewelry to sustainably developed underwear...definitely worth a look!
new york city econnoisseurs rejoice! sustainable nyc, the lower east side's new eco-store is open for business. not only does the store boast a colorful array of some of the coolest and best-designed sustainable products, check out the features that make the storefront itself eco-friendly: 1. built from 300 year-old reclaimed lumber from NYC buildings. 2. the furniture fixtures are recycled and for sale. 3. the wallpaper and paint are eco-friendly. 4. the store is powered by alternative energy. 5. even the sign outside is solar powered! some of swyyne's picks for what to buy at sustainable nyc: preserve razors made from plastics (like yogurt cups) that usually can't be recycled in new york. you can even send these back to be recycled again in a pre-paid envelope that the company supplies once you're done using them! natracare organic tampons that are made from cotton not treated with pesticides, because if there is any place that you don't want pesticide residue, it's there. ingenious g diapers flushable diaper refills address the environment and take care of that funky smell in your house. chicobags in all different colors are durable and easy to carry around with you everyday. see pics at swyyne.com
Yesterday was my first time to Sustainable NYC.  The store itself is rather small, but they do have a fantastic selection of products, shoes, clothing and other goods, considering.  The employees were super friendly and helpful.  What I really loved was the locally made vegan ice cream.  I bought a cone of peanutbutter chip and it was the best vegan ice cream I have ever eaten.  And perfect for a hot summer day.  I will certainly be back the next time I am in the area.
Very interesting, crafty place.  Your friends and family will definitely think you are eco-chic if you buy them a gift from here.  They definitely have some great, one-of-a-kind items.  It's a pricey little store, but everything is well made.  It's got a nice little cafe inside with really good tea.  The iced green tea with ginger is really refreshing on a hot summer day.  I've often gone here just to read a book and lounge if I feel like getting out of the house :)
i came here for lulu's ice cream because the actual place was closed. the barista was super rude, seeing me come in, and making me stand and wait for like 10 minutes while she finished her conversation with her friend who wasn't even ordering....i almost left. she  then took my order and kept talking. I WAS THE ONLY CUSTOMER THERE. at my work, if it's slow, the single customer that walks in gets immediate service!! what the hell else are you supposed to do!! then she forgot my order. i told her again and she took my money without saying anything, i thanked her but she kept talking to her friend. totally retarded. oh yeah, and the servings are way bigger at lula's. just wait for them to open in the afternoon.
Cute shop with cafe dinning in the back.  Shop has a community feel.  Merchandise is on the moderate range since it's green.  They sell items from clothing, gym products, stationary, accessories, body & home goods.
I've been shopping at Sustainable NYC since they opened; the space was formerly a grungy--but important--joint called "alt.coffee" which was one of the first internet cafés in the city. One impressive thing about alt.coffee was the "sculpture" of old and ancient computer modules piled up in the bathtub. This space was clearly a residential space in a previous life, and hadn't been renovated much before becoming alt.coffee. When their rent went up, they morphed into "Hopscotch," a kiddie café. Yawn; they still couldn't make the rent. Sustainable NYC has many re-purposed and recycled items; they also have a café area in the back--which is currently being renovated. The café area had been subleased to "Ciao for Now," a neighborhood coffee-and-soup place that has its main location a few blocks away on 12th street, but the owner of Sustainable NYC, Dominique, has decided she wants more control over the restaurant and has taken the space back. While they were in this space, Ciao for Now felt the pressure to offer more vegan goods than they ever had at their other locations, which would be a good thing except that they only seemed to carry it that far at this location. Oh well; I once asked the owner of Ciao for Now why they didn't offer a vegan peanut butter cookie, and he replied, "It wouldn't be the same." Same as what? Never mind. They offer the goods of several stores around the city, including recycled jewelry by Jillery on 10th street and soaps and bath items from skinnyskinny in Williamsburg. They had formerly occupied a tiny space less than a block away, and when they moved to this location, their inventory expanded tremendously. They have the "Solio," a pinwheel-shaped solar charger for your iPod or other small electronic device; unfortunately I can't use it in my dark apartment, but fortunately it also plugs into a USB port on your computer if you want to use it that way. There's even a backpack with solar panels so that after a day of walking in the sun you can charge up your iPod or phone. They have sustainable clothes, jewelry made in third-world countries from pull-tabs and gum wrappers--what we used to call "prison art"--and (of course) TOMS shoes. I got two of their coffee mugs made of cornstarch plastic, which thy claim should last about six months; mine are lasting almost a year so far--and then they bio-degrade! Cool! Since I tend to lose my coffee mugs pretty regularly, that's a good deal for ten bucks. They also give a 10% neighborhood discount, which I think is a great good-will gesture. I miss the old computers in the bathtub, but Sustainable NYC is a great resource to have in the neighborhood--and a great way to get rid of the money that's burning a hole in your pocket, fast.
Can't say enough. In-store cafe with fresh and healthy sandwiches, Priti NYC nail polish, all kinds of organic, vegan, and cruelty-free makeup, home accessories, a kid's section, and anything you can think up that is sustainable and eco-friendly. Wish one of these was on every block.
Stores that sell sustainable products make me so happy!  This place has awesome jewelry and home products made from items such as credit cards and newspapers etc.  I went X mas shopping here and among other things, I bought some ornaments that when planted, grow into herbs and trees :)  I took one star off because it is definitely pricey....but that is so be expected from sustainable, green products.  I need to go back really soon to try some of their organic baked goods and coffees!
A delightful eco-friendly focused store for conscious consumers.  You will find items for the home, bath, pets, babies, gifts and many vegan treats (like raw chocolate).  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  Right now they are offering $10 store credit for Con Edison customers living in NYC.
Wonderful store with a charming environment and friendly, knowledgeable staff.  The selection of eco-friendly housewares is excellent and their prices are good.  I LOVE searching through the store for sale items (which they usually always have). I've only had the coffee in their cafe.  It was delicious and I plan to grub on some of their snacks on my next visit. Great store!
Cute place. the cafe in the back has free wifi and friendly hipster baristas. The store itself is a gift shopping paradise for birthdays, bridal showers, graduations, etc.
I've wanted to review this place for a long time, but have only just figured out that it's listed on yelp here as store, rather than a cafe which is how we've always thought of it. We enjoy browsing through the various and sundry earthy-type goods, but only on the way back to the little cafe. This seems to usually happen on hot days, probably because that's when we find time to walk over to Tompkins Square to watch the people, dogs, and rats. They have pretty great iced teas, ginger mint and others, and the ice cream and baked goodies are all fine. Most of all we've found it a very welcoming space to rest and cool off/warm up. I'm surprised to see complaints about service as even where a server wasn't particularly smiley, they were always attentive.
one place to try out Tom's shoes! got my first pair here! + had a nice, refreshing ginger-lemon drink, great for summer! the staff is super nice!! perfect place for unique Eco-friendly, Sustainably-made gifts... like the Holstee recycled wallet!
Purchased some seedpaper holiday cards and Holstee fair trade/ecofriendly wallet here the other day. They have an awesome selection of environmentally friendly products/clothes and a nice cafe. An awesome neighborhood eco-shop that should expand into more boroughs, some items can be on the pricier side of course, but I'd much rather pay a few extra dollars and know I'm doing good for the planet & supporting a local business. + Staff are super friendly, helpful, and honest about what they sell.
I love this place. Everything is so unique and customized. I bought a recycled wallet and it is super sturdy. And it's cute because it looks like an envelope! However, the price of everything is just so high. There is no reason way a wallet should cost $22 if it's made from recycled material. But I felt like spoiling myself, so I got it anyway. I heard the stuff at the cafe isn't so great, though. My friend's sister got the chai tea and said it was super spicy and not good.
I was just in to get some tea and when I walked out the alarm went off. They immediately came over and asked me to open my bag which of course was happy to do. They then started pulling things out of my backpack which was full and I had it on my back the whole time so I wouldn't have been able to reach around and stash something in there. One woman pulls out my key chain and says "WHAT'S THIS?!" and then realizes it's my key ring and puts it back... I explained that I had a metal water bottle and computer in my bag. After they had thoroughly searched me, I went to leave only to have the alarm go off again and they made me come back and search my bag AGAIN. Why would I steal something I could make myself (ex: tin can rose pin).The thing that makes me so mad is that I pride myself on the fact that I've never stolen anything and I was just in there to get tea. I have spent hundreds of dollars at this place and then they treat me like that? Their stuff is way overpriced and I have a very good feeling that the women from Kenyan and Guatemala who made these items are getting about 1% of the profits. I'll go online and these items somewhere where I know the people who really need the money are getting it. Never going back there again.
I went back to Sustainable NYC and was not dissapointed. Indeed I missed a few items that were worth buying. I especially liked their bags and accessories.  Everything was so much better from my last visit. The store was brimming with character and style from ethnic, earthy designs to the modern contemporary things we enjoy. They have more choices when it comes to stocking your wardrobe with fun and environmentally friendly items. They had a lot more stuff this time and yes they are affordable. I have tried their latte and it was "just right", as Goldilocks would say. Their little cafe in the back was very chill, cheery, cute, and cozy.
very friendly staff, lots of eco-friendly stuff.
this place is just so cute. came here with kids and they quickly found stuff to look at while i sniffed and re-sniffed and smiled over solar powered jars and windup radios. light and airy - nice spot for after the park.
best part is ciao for now in back.  great coffee.  free wifi.  decent music.  quiet place to knock out some work uninterrupted.
A great place to find one of a kind "green friendly" gift items - and something for yourself!
Sustainable NYC has THE BEST peanut butter cookies in their cafe.  I don't live in the EV but whenever I am in the area or get a craving, I hop on my bike and get one.  :)
