I had my hair cut by Gaby Garcia today. She have me one of the best haircuts of my life and listened to exactly what I wanted. I came in after seeing a different salon to cut off my long hair into a layered lob. The salon I went to gave me a blunt cut that was terrible and didn't take the time to fix the problem when I pointed it out. I came to Red Door based on the great reviews and hoped they could help fix the mess. Gaby spent a lot of time understanding what I wanted and explaining what she was doing. She transformed my curly hair into a beautiful blown out lob that was exactly what Id envisioned from day 1. Thank you Gaby!!!!
I went to Harold last month to get my hair color fixed. He listens to your expectations about the hair but at the same time keeps it realistic (lets say because of your hair condition or how it matches to your looks). Talented, passionate about his job, fun to talk to. Really recommend and I've been at many places before. Also, the same day I got a haircut by Gaby Garcia. She's a perfectionist. I have very fine hair and not easy to style. After I got my haircut by Gaby, my hair always looks good, no matter if I have time to blow dry it or just let it dry itself. She totally listens to how you want your hair to look and loves her job. Very nice and warm person. 5 stars as well!!
What a great add to my neighborhood. After going to Blooming nails for the last year, i decided to try The Red Door What a wonderful job my nail technician did. Very relaxing service
I booked a spa week body treatment here. Loved the facilities! Very posh and comfortable. My body scrub was nice but I will say that for the regular prices I don't think it's worth it.
In the past month, i've had 2 blow outs here and can not be happier with the service. I saw Grace the first time and Arianna the second. Both did a fabulous job and gave me 3 days of great voluminous hair! I love the spa itself - everyone is attentive and you are offered coffee, a latte , and fruit flavored spa water as you arrive. During the shampoo I received a great head massage followed by a quick yet perfect shoulder massage with a warm towel. Best blow out I've had in NYC!
I received a facial the other day that I got as a gift. I must say that Alie gave me the best experience that I have ever had in a spa, she was very attentive to my needs and gave me great advice on how to keep my face in tip top shape. 3 weeks later my skin is still glowing and vibrant and it feels hydrated. Absolutely perfect.
The manager was disgustingly rude to me and my lady friend. I can only imagine how she treats her real customers. Who knew - $40 blow dry includes snarky attitude and aggressive disrespect of personal belongings. Wish I could give them -1 stars.
Harold is a highlighting genius! He gave me exactly the highlights I asked for and was super meticulous throughout to make sure they came out perfect! These are the best highlights I have ever gotten. I highly recommend him! Plus he suggested I get my haircut first to make sure my hair was healthy, even after the highlights. And Ariana did an amazing job with my haircut! I love it too! Thanks to them both I have exactly the hair I asked for and it's much healthier too.
First time using an Elizabeth Arden facility for a facial. Just went today for spa week and you must go! I was pleasantly surprised with how big, clean, and organized they were! Ali was my technician and I must say she was a doll! Ali gave me the best massage facial I have ever had! She was extremely thorough and calming. Will def be back and pay full price! See you next month Ali!
I recently got a facial from Alie and she did such a wonderful job. She was able to customize the facial based on my concerns (I have extremely sensitive skin) and made the whole process so relaxing and enjoyable. She gave me insight on everything she was doing and the products she was using/recommended for my skin but in no way did she push me to purchase anything. After the tip, the facial was a little pricy (over $200) but it was worth every penny (my skin has been glowing every since!), and I will definitely be going back to her!
Went in when they were having a discount on eyebrows. They looked the best they ever did and service was amazing. I was a walk in and they still accommodated me immediately.
I had such an amazing experience at the Spa. I entered and was greeted with a kind warm smile and impeccable service from Alie. She was very attentive to all my needs during my facial. She made sure I was comfortable and kept me informed of all of the treatments that she performed. I could see a significant difference in my skin and left with a healthy glow. She even recommended some products for my combination skin and gave me great tips. I recommend her to anyone looking for a wonderful experience and to learn how to take care of your skin. Thank you!!
I love a $40 dollar manicure and a $60 pedicure from places like The Red Door as long as I'm not paying for it. I got a gift certificate and decided to come to this location instead of trekking to midtown. My overall experience with the manicurist was great. She was friendly and not overly chatty (this is an art). My manicure and pedicure came out great. They had nice comfy chairs and used high quality products. My only beef: I wish the waiting area and the after service relaxation area where separate. The waiting area has a lot of chatter: customers talking and the technicians coming in to let customers know they (techs) are ready for them. It felt like the doctor's waiting room. Every few minutes a tech would come in and call out a name. It was annoying. While this place was great, it can't compare to the 5th avenue location, although I hear the 5th avenue spa moved and people are not pleased.
I went with a gilt voucher for a single process and blowout.  Harold colored my hair, he did a great job and made it look very natural. They came around with trays of champagne throughout your services which is always fun.  Arianna did my blowout, she also did a great job! I would highly recommend.  Minus one star due to the fact that the staff was young.  For myself I don't mind, however I know if my mother had gone she may have felt uncomfortable with the age of the staff doing the services.
Harold is a really unique and talented blend of artist and craftsman. I saw him after having a really poor experience at another salon. He was very honest with me on the state of my hair. He very patiently talked me through all of my options and made gentle suggestions on how we could approach. Harold knows more about hair than any hairdresser I've ever seen. I was blown away by his input. He did an amazing job taking my fried dyed locks and making them silky and natural looking. Harold is also a kick. He's very sweet and so fun to be with. He has a great, nurturing, awesome attitude. I loved him and look forward to seeing Harold and again. He's a talented and a total delight! I recommend him very highly!
This spa is absolutely terrible! No one knows what they are doing and management is just awful! It does not feel like a spa what so ever and there is a terrible stench that spreads throughout the entire spa, making  me feel like I'm in a sewer dump ! Please save your money because this place is so not worth it! :)
First time coming here and I will definitely be coming back on a regular. Great customer service, everyone is so nice! And my stylist, Elodian is the best!! I came for just a blow out and it came out perfect :) I will be coming back soon!
Rave reviews for Harold E.  I've been going to Harold to get my hair colored for a few months now. He suggested a type of low ammonia color for my sensitive scalp and then worked his magic by covering all of my gray! Harold is knowledgable, laid back, easy to chat with, and a delight to be around. The salon is lovely and everyone I encountered from start to finish was friendly and polite. Thanks Harold for your beautiful work. I'll be back soon!
Terrible salon!! I don't care about the time and money as much as the effect on my hair. First time I go for a haircut, lady demands to cut it dry. I leave within 5 minutes of the cut looking exactly the same as I walked in. I complained to the manager and I set up another cut with a male stylist. He decides to cut up to 3 inches off since it wasn't cut before. All I wanted was a fresh trim! They don't know how to cut hair here is the bottom line. Save your money. There is a reason this place is discounted. These reviews are most likely all employees and friends.
What a place. Beautiful. Everyone was so nice. I know there were other clients there but I could have sworn it was just all about me. I will absolutely recommend this place to anyone. I had a facial and body scrub and a manicure. The facial was just what I needed. And the esthetician didn't push products. Sure sure she told me about what would be good for me to use and which product she recommended (that's part if the job) but she didn't push it. The body scrub was delicious -- the shower was a little cooler than I prefer but no big deal. The manicure was just fine.  I'm definitely going again.
I love the Red Door spa/salon. I have been going here since this location opened in Union Square and since than I have always been a fan; however, I became an addict when I got my first wax from Deborah! She is phenomenal! It was the fastest wax ever! I clocked it at 11 minutes from start to finish. If you want a brazilian/bikini wax don't go anywhere else. Go to Red Door and ask for Deborah!
Wish I knew about this salon sooner. It is immaculate inside and the staff are all professional, friendly and helpful. I went to get my hair blow dried- the wash was great, and they put you in a massage chair which was a surprise treat Gaby blow dried my hair - was friendly and did a good job. I will absolutely go back and highly recommend it
This review is for a prenatal massage I'm 5 months pregnant with twins so believe me when I say massages are a necessity at this point- my shoulders, shoulder blades and back are tight as knots.  I've gotten a few prenatal massages and have come away utterly disappointed.  They felt more like rub downs than actually massages and did nothing for my aches and pains.  So when I received a gift certificate for a prenatal massage at Red Door Spa I was a little hesitant to book, but desperate times call for desperate measures. I booked my massage (which was super easy) and then had to push it back last minute (which was still super easy).  I showed up and got the signature greeting and was ushered to the changing room and then the relaxation lounge (holding area).  My massage therapist, Cristina, greeted me almost immediately.  As we walked to the room, I caught her up on my story (twins, 22 weeks, aches and pains and sad massage experience).  She told me that she had a 2 year old and could sympathize and knew how to give me a careful, yet effective massage.  And did she!!!!  Cristina worked on my back, shoulders and shoulder blades for half the time, moved through my hips, legs and even some points on the feet.  And then hit my hands and forearms which I didn't even know were so tight.  She was really sweet, upbeat and energetic.  I would HIGHLY recommend her for a prenatal massage (and that's saying a lot coming from me!)
I had the best experience at this Red Door. My bridal party, mother, mother in law, and I all got ready there. Nancy did a beautiful job with my makeup, as did all the makeup artists with the rest of my party. I can't say enough good things about Wade, who did my hair. I was blown away with how beautiful it came out. The whole staff made me feel so special, getting as excited as my girls when it came time to put my veil on. I will definitely be returning!
Deborah does an incredible job with my brows every time; I came in early this summer because my old location was too far downtown, and I couldn't be happier with my switch. She takes her time, and always takes care since I have relatively sensitive skin. I'm sad to leave NYC for the summer, don't know if I can trust anyone else after coming into this location!
thrice now I've been here and the summary I would give, if you don't want to read further, is : this place is meant for aggressive, high strung individuals. That is whom the staff are conditioned to deal with, so you will be treated as such. THUS, if you are just a normal person and behave as such, they will talk down to you, and give you subpar service. Arrived and waited 45 minutes for my gel manicure because a regular client had cut in queue and pushed everyone else back. My manicurist was completely honest about this and told me she had also needed a few minutes to quickly eat dinner. She was absolutely lovely--sweet, calm and a gentle soul. I would take her out for tea tomorrow. But they lost the color I requested "someone must have put it back in the wrong place" and the manuicure, although she took forever painstakingly applying 1 microlitre drops in the thinnest three coats imaginable is : so thin the burgundy looks near magenta and about 1/4 cm from the nail bed, so it is really noticeable. Plus, within a week the gel has chipped off of two fingers. (Geltique or Gellise? I forget the brand.) The manicurist said they should offer me a free blow out, since I should get that service anyway, but am rushed because of the late start of the appointment. During my wait, I was asked if I wanted my make up touched up or if I wanted tea. I declined the make up because it wasn't made clear to me how very long I'd be waiting (and I had plans) but the tea was lovely. Every two minutes someone would come up to me to ask if I needed anything or if I was ok, or something. I guess this is being attentive, but it made me kindof uncomfortable... Because of the wait, and the terrible experience I had had at the uptown location, the manager (who had received "a call" from the uptown location, I was informed) spoke to me in that harried way that a rushed schoolteacher would speak to a child who they think is beneath them. Ok. She booked me for a "beauty blast" and a session with the computer that makes personalized foundation for later in the week. I'd have to come back another day, since I was the last one out of the spa. Ok, fine. On my return visit, the beauty consultant took me to first get a "beauty blast". This is essentially blowing pure oxygen all over a bare face. Interesting, but it really makes you want to joke about it. My skin looked plumper after the treatment but was back to normal the next day. Then we color matched my foundation. She didn't know how to use the computer program, so that took quite a while, and although she said she'd email me the results (because the internet connection was down or something) that didn't happen. She made me up in striking evening eye make up and sold me a powder that makes me look orange. I had to return to exchange it, but... yeah. All in all, she was very slick and put together and nice enough, but was often talking to early clients who were next during my treatment and talking down to me the whole time, like at any moment I might explode into one of the usual high maintenance clients. It's a bit weird, but I'm not even sure she knew she was doing it. On the one hand, I guess this Union Square location was trying to make up for the debacle that happened uptown, but they seemed bitter about it. It's understandable, but I still hate that my family (+ me) spent hundreds of dollars on a waste of my time and sanity and on really terrible services all around. I'm completely done with Elizabeth Arden and Red Door in all its iterations.
I've been having a really bad past few months and this past weekend was pretty awful. So at the suggestions of my friends, I decided to get a pedicure as a treat to myself.  As an ex-ballerina and ex-gymnast, I'm used to doing my pedicures because my feet are sensitive from years upon years of working them in ballet slippers shoes. ARRIVAL: I made a same day appointment for the Red Door Spa in Union Square and requested the "Warm Cream" pedicure service.  While, $68 is a lot to spend, I really wanted quality (which blindly I associate with Elizabeth Arden) and reputation (again, brand equity). Once, I arrived, they asked me if I wanted upstairs or downstairs. I told the gentleman who checked me in that I would prefer somewhere quiet, because I'm just going through a rough time. He placed me downstairs with Cheme. ( Before I continue, let me just tell you that she's AH-MAZING!!!) We picked out a nail polish colour for my pedicure (Essie's "Long Stem Roses") and she sat me down on a cushy sofa pedicure chair, told me to soak my feet and gave me a warm neck pillow to put on.  It was divine. A guy appeared and he asked if he could get me something to drink. I opted for a cappuccino.  Since he had heard that I was having a bad few days, he promptly then told me, that he would make me the best cappuccino, in fact his favourite.  And he did! He dusted it off with cinnamon and it had just the perfect amount of sugar in it too! Cheme was beyond sweet. She was patient. I told her that I didn't want my cuticles cut or pushed back and I explained my sensitivities in my feet as an ex-dancer/ballerina.  She said no problem and we chatted. "WARM CREAM" PEDICURE: The "Warm Cream" pedicure is pretty awesome. After the basic pedicure is completed (soak, clean, scrub, file, soak etc.), your feet get rubbed in what looks like a clear-greyish liquid that has a smooth, silky, creamy consistency and it is warm.  The massage lasts quite some time and Cheme took her time. I think I almost fell asleep.  Then she polished my toes. They came out immaculate! Afterwards, they gave me cucumber water and led me to quiet room where I put on my headphones and waited for my toes to dry. FINAL THOUGHTS: The total bill came up to about $71 with taxes. I tipped $20 for impeccable service.  I can't tell you how well I slept last night because I felt relaxed and that idea of "treating myself" to something good to "pamper myself" during a tough time in life really came to past at the Red Door Spa. I posted a photo on my Instagram, you can check it out here: instagram.com/p/no06MtLs… On my way out, I saw they also do $40 blow outs.  I'm really interested in trying that someday too! Definitely was the "pick me up" that I needed. I'm a happy girl with my experience :) 5/5 undoubtedly! With an extra set of kudos and brownie points to Cheme!
Kismet?! Was I meant to get an awful haircut and less than par color just to meet probably the two most capable people in hair artistry working today? I had a Saturday appt., which Red Door had to cancel because  Wade was working fashion week, well I course I understood, what girl wouldn't want  her stylist good enough for Fashion Week?!  Rescheduled, and now  I had the Holy Grail of cut and color, Wade for cut, and enter Harold for color.  Pure transformation! Harold ( Louis Lacari protégée ), not only  truly COLOR CORRECTED  my hair, but his great artistry and vision created  absolutely stunning results.  Wade, of course, acted on his vision of last meeting, and used his scissors, to metamorphose my horrible cut into a thing of beauty. Once again lovely manager Amanda, much to my surprise,  came by to check on me. She remembered?! She refused to charge me for the cut, she wanted to see my satisfaction trough to completion. I was lucky enough to get Mandy, again as the assistant, completing the the entirely relaxing and transformative experience. I had my own personal little fashion week experience at the Red Door ;-)
I was visiting a friend in NYC and was super excited to try The Red Door as soon as I walked in.  I first got a tour (there's a downstairs, too!) and found the place to be beautiful and a perfect mix of luxury and modern design.  The staff was very helpful and always asking about whether they could bring me something (the usual, water, coffee) or help me find my way to my next treatment.   The highlights: Madeline gave me an AMAZING facial.  She is very knowledgeable about skincare and was able to recommend exactly what I needed (Microderm, Oxygen treatment and this awesome pumpkin add on to the zinc treatment that comes with every facial).  My skin really needed this and still feels great! Yaritza did a FANTASTIC job on my nails!  I wanted to go a little crazy and she did not hesitate (she told me she loves to do nail art) to give me almond shaped acrylics and paint on a reverse french mani! I wish I lived in NYC because this would be my go-to salon/spa!!!
Got my hair done by Wade. He was wonderful! First hair stylist I've ever liked and first haircut I've ever actually been satisfied with. I am so glad I chose to go to The Red Door!! The staff is so welcoming and kind. :)
All the hype and talk about Red Door is sooo TRUE!!! I got a blowout today at 8am and the mess still has amazing bounce! More than anything I want to recommend, Rochelle Walker, who not only has best skill and personality of any hairdresser I've ever known (and that's saying something I'm Puerto Rican) but the diva is so good and fly she's practically related to Kelly Rowland! Honest if you need it done and want it done well they get a 10 in my book!
I have been to the new Union Sq location maybe 5 times at this point.  I am a loyal red door client for massages and waxing (don't do nails, hair, or facials for some reason).  Anyway, my first visit was soon after they opened and a bit rocky, but I decided to try again since this location was so close to home.  My subsequent visits have been great.  I found my specialists...Renata for waxing and Apple OR Katherine for massage. Yes, you can hear the subway in some of rooms and it's pretty muffled...doesn't bother me too much, esp if the spa music is on.  I do agree that the 'relaxation' room is just ok...not that comfortable and groups of friends do chat loudly.  I try to time it so that I am only waiting a minute or two in there. The staff are nice, I haven't experienced anyone rude yet.
Anatalie is the best colorist around.  She is very attentive and sweet.  Her pink hair is also awesome!!  I will definitely be back.  If you're looking for a new colorist, look no further!  Couldn't be happier with my results!! The salon is also beautiful.  Five star treatment!
The Red Door Spa was spectacular! The service was amazing and I am extremely happy with my results. I am especially picky when it comes to getting my haircut (and even trimmed!), but I trust Rochelle Walker 100%. She is the only hairdresser I will let style/cut my hair however she wants and have it come out fabulous. On top of her skills is her phenomenal, genuine personality. Rochelle is a rockstar. You will not regret going to this spa and getting your hair done by her!
After two great experiences (both with the Open Door package, once by myself and once with a friend), I booked a bachelorette party here for 12 guests and was impressed with everything from the spa services (members of our party booked everything from blowouts to massages to nails--even a pregnancy massage) to the overall service (Jessica is a doll and did everything in her power to accommodate us, from suggesting a time frame to making a private room available where we brought refreshments and people were able to hang out in between services). I would book a party here again in a heartbeat, and of course I will be back on my own! Bonus: my manicure lasted for an entire week--no chipping!
i was in union sq for the farmer's market but had my days all mixed up! good thing!! i stumbled across the "braid bar" and inquired what they were up to. they said it was a chance to make new friends and enjoy summer and i couldn't resist a chance to prettify my hair (which i dont even comb!!!) sarah gave me this flirty fun side braid! i was nervous my hair wouldn't be long enough but she tackled my short hair with confidence and ease! i was so excited with my new up do that we took a cute photo together and i cant wait to save up for my first in-salon experience! :D
Everyone and everything at The Red Door in Union Square is phenomenal. Lovely receptionist, friendly and easy going-meets professional stylists: all amazing. Rochelle, however, was above and beyond. I went for a blowout/style, and left feeling like a million bucks. Not an average blowout that falls limp easily or one that is too over-the-top....but entirely natural and what I was hoping for ("beachy waves"...which is hard to do with straight hair like mine, but Rochelle did it perfectly). With so many appealing options and deals and promos in NYC, it's hard to stick with one place when it comes to hair (in my case at least), but I cannot wait to go back to see Rochelle for another blowout (even if I don't need one for anything special....just to feel good. And that lovely lady is sure to do the same for you). Mucho thanks, Rochelle!
I went to this spa to have my eyebrows waxed as the woman I usually go to, at another establishment, was away for a fee days.  Upon arrival I was checked in and everyone was nice. The rooms were clean, no complaints.  Once the young lady waxed my eyebrows they felt more sensitive than usual and she put some calming cream on it and told me it would be fine in the morning.  She explained they used their own brand of wax, so I chalked it up to different wax being used as the cause for the sensitivity.  The next morning I had scabs under EACH eyebrow. I was burned by the wax. My eyebrows were swollen and it appeared as though I had two eyebrows on each side of my face. I called to complain and the manager addressed it in the way she thought best, but the skin protectant cream did not help. I ended up having to go to the doctor. I write this review because this happened about a month ago and I still have to dark bruises on each eyebrow as a reminder. I give two stars because the manager seemed sorry however, this is going to take more than we all expected to be corrected as the bruise is still there.
I had never been to a Red Door Spa before, nor did I ever think I would go BUT on a whim I decided to see if I could walk-in and get a manicure.   I had the warm cream manicure with Cheme.  Like other reviews suggest, Cheme is WONDERFUL - very pleasant, patient and easy to talk to. I will do a quick comparison to Bliss 49 which I think is similarly positioned. Red Door feels very warm / comfortable, smells amazing and the service level was exceptional. They've done a lot to create a relaxing environment and I felt very pampered. I didn't feel like my technician was rushing me out the door like I sometimes do at Bliss.  Bliss feels extremely sterile (white plastic furniture, rooms are cold, etc.), the customer service can be shotty and the technicians are really hit or miss.   I would highly recommend trying a manicure here! I will definitely be going back to try other services as well.
Red Door is a beautiful spa with great service, but the treatment- specifically the body scrub was pretty awful. The first step was a rough salt scrub before priming my skin with an oil or anything. The woman had me sit up to get my back. Sitting up with your legs out actually hurts and is not relaxing at all. She didn't have me lay on my stomach at all and so she missed many areas. She wiped the salt off me with moist, cold towel. The body wrap was a cheap plastic wrap that followed a cold thin lotion. She then had me shower which disrupts the flow of a relaxing spa treatment. It ended abruptly after another thin lotion. All in all, don't recommend the body scrubs.
Beautiful, clean space... Harold has been my colorist for a few years now! He's great... Many are surprised to find out my blonde isn't natural!
Horrible haircut I had last week Thursday! It's $90 for a haircut!! Somehow,they should have done a better job! Well the whole haircut only took 15 minutes, and it looked horrible! It didn't have layers at all. The top were cut too short!! Very disappointing!! Never go back there again!!!
A beautiful spa with fabulous ambiance and service. Got an amazing blowout from Grace which I was lucky enough to book same day using the app Beautified. If I lived in NYC I would be here all the time !
I recently had the pleasure of experiencing the Warm Cream Pedicure.  Everything about the spa is stellar.  It is obvious they appreciate every client that walks through the fabulous Red doors.  Every staff member I encountered was pleasant and accommodating.  The Cucumber water I was offered was extremely refreshing and thirst quenching.  I was greeted by Ericka Cummings who treated me with the pedicure.  She was excellent and very kind and offered suggestions to help with my extremely dry skin.  The whole process perhaps took about an hour, but I didn't really pay attention as I was so relaxed I wasn't pressured in thinking I wasn't getting my $ worth!  The chairs were plush and the atmosphere was elegant and quiet.  The warm neck pillow was an excellent addition to the treatment.  My pedicure looked amazing when she finished and it has been about a week and it still looks amazing!  When I left, I could feel the difference in my feet when I walked and my skin was so soft!   Ericka was an absolute pleasure and I would recommend her and of course the Red Door to anyone!  I cannot wait to return for another pedicure among other things!
This review is based on my recent experience at the newly opened Red Door Spa. I am a loyal red door customer, but this location needs some major improvements. The relaxation area where you wait for your therapist was way too bright and very warm -- not exactly comforting. The design is also too cluttered with tables and ottomans everywhere. The setup has limited privacy  -- not like 5th ave location. The seating is also not comfortable , you need to sit-up stuff versus the way you can recline and relax uptown. Also BEWARE of the sounds of subways racing back and forth. It was was distracting during the treatments. On the positive side, my two services were excellent! In fact the facial was one of the best I've ever had -- i think her name was Fay. Overall, Red Door needs improvement but I will give them another chance since they literally just opened.
I got an amazing haircut from Wade Lee. It is a gorgeous bob that looks good straight or curly. I have received so many compliment on it even from complete strangers. There is nothing like a great haircut to make a girl feel her best.
This is a great place overall and needed in the location. Sibel and Sara do awesome blowouts. Madeline's bikini wax was so expertly done, fast, and minimally painful that I didn't mind paying $84 for it. I'm glad it's in my neighborhood. But my experience wasn't all good. WARNING do not get your makeup done with Keyes. She is rough. She doesn't ask or even tell you what she plans to do. And she basically has no idea what she is doing, and doesn't listen to repeated requests from clients. Plus, despite telling her several times to stay away from my eyes because they're very sensitive, she took a q tip with eye makeup remover and began roughly rubbing it into my under eye area- like a pedicurist would do with a pumice stone at the bottom of your feet. It was awful and I kept thinking she was almost done so didn't say anything- she did this for awhile. It was terrible. Was she trying to create wrinkles? Not smart, not considerate, and in direct contradiction to what I explicitly asked her not to do. Then a little while later she took a makeup sponge with foundation and began jamming it into the same delicate under eye area and almost into my eye. Finally I had to pull my face away and tell her to stop. Also and equally as troubling, she said she was going to clean up some stray hairs under my eyebrow- her technique was hands down the most painful eyebrow plucking I have every experienced. (But that's not even the bad part.) She would pull each hair in the opposite direction from which it grew. Only when I got home and washed my face (immediately) I realized she had thinned out my eyebrows. I was Devastated because I have been growing them out for my wedding and they were finally getting really thick. She never even asked or said she was going to alter the shape. This was a complimentary service but I would've paid not to go through it. The fact that the red door salon management would let this person touch anyone's face is terrifying, and just wrong.
If you go, be sure to ask for Wade Lee. I described to him the cut I wanted, and he gave me exactly that. People who NEVER notice my hair were giving me compliments over the next few days. I highly recommend The Red Door and my stylist, Wade!
Amazing service. I go to Anatalie for my ombré balayage highlights and am OBSESSED. Have had all sorts of issues with highlights at other salons over the years and am thrilled to have found Anatalie at Red Door!!  She's fun to talk to, friendly, and goes above and beyond.   Friends ask where I get my hair colored and it's complimented all the time. She really paints them on to look natural and exactly what I'm looking for.  Love! Have had massages and mani/pedis here as well - be sure to check it out!
I wanted to refresh my faded hair color and a friend suggested I go to Harold Egan at Red Door Spa union square. I tried finding more information online about their colorists and couldn't find anything so my hesitation was huge. However I gave it a shot... and I met with Harold Egan. OMG. I cannot explain how much this guy knows about hair color. He suggested LOWLIGHTS! My washed out, dry highlights turned into natural darker blonde, same as my roots but more vivid and much more healthier looking!!! My hair looks amazing against my skin and all my clothes look better on me too! Crazy how hair color can change the whole look!  The whole spa is super lux and their iced coffee is amaze! Oh, they are also working with Kerastase products - your hair is getting the treatment too! I like the decor and the whole feel of the place. I'll be back soon. BTW it doesn't hurt that Harold is super cute :D
What a pleasant surprise. I was given a gift certificate for a slew of treatments and thought I'd have to go uptown to hectic and stodgy Fifth Ave, but was psyched to learn about the new Red Door in Union Square. I've been to loads of spas and had loads of treatments throughout the city and I can confidently say that these were among the best. Fantastic customer service across the board, highly skilled practitioners (Apple for massage, Madeline for facial, Yaritza for olive oil mani/pedi), and an immaculate space that nicely straddled the line of old luxe and new serene. They've now dimmed the lights in the relaxation area, and I didn't find the subway noise to be a big problem. Spa lunch (mediterranean shrimp salad) was surprisingly excellent. Nobody tried to up-sell me. And the vibe -- amongst the employees and from employee to client -- was easy, respectful, and nurturing. Only downside is the climate control was inconsistent and sometimes extreme. Some rooms were cold (but eventually heated up), and the nail area was way too hot and stuffy and brightly lit. But for a newish spa, this seems minor. The important stuff was all there. It's too bad it looks like a continuation of Sephora! It's truly a gem. Highly recommended.
I have been to the Fifth Ave. location a number of times and was excited to see a location open downtown. This review is in regards to the Spa services, in particular the Swedish massage. When I walked into Red Door, the first floor is their retail space/hair salon. It felt a bit awkward walking into what looked like a regular store and it took awhile for any one of the numerous employees to come over to me to direct me to the appropriate place. When someone did come over, the employee said "Yes, spa services are downstairs." Oookaay... well how do I get downstairs? After a flippant gesture to a staircase around the corner, I checked in and was shown the locker room to get changed into my robe. Now, this may be my opinion because I've been to the uptown location but this spa is SMALL. I walked into the locker room and felt so cramped. The lockers were tiny and there was just one room to get changed in - as opposed to the larger U-shaped room they have at Fifth. I then proceeded to the relaxation room to fill out the paperwork before my massage and noticed how small that room was as well, with very stiff seating and bright light. Totally different than the plush seating and dim lighting they have uptown. For my actual massage I do have to say that my massage therapist was lovely and the aromatherapy that accompanied my swedish massage was a nice touch but there is one big negative that prevented me from truly relaxing. You can hear the train every time it passes underneath you! That's every 5 or so minutes hearing the sound of the train over the music of your massage which completely takes you out of the moment. So while the massage itself was fine, I think this will be my last time getting any services at the downtown location. Fifth Ave. is definitely my preferred spot.
I can not recommend Madeline for CACI and other facial treatments highly enough.  She is absolutely wonderful! The atmosphere at the Red Door Union Square is one of total luxury and relaxation. If you want good results and a pampered feeling go to The Red Door Union Squaare
I went with my sister. We did arrive early and we were picked up at our designated time to the minute. My lady seemed taken aback when I offered a handshake to greet her. When I advised her of an injured ankle she made it very clear that a massage would not be included in my service. I told her I knew that but since it was a scrub, oil, lotion service to please be gentle. She just repeated her self no massage would be coming. She scrubbed only the bare minimum skin for it to be considered a decent scrub service. She twice didn't give me enough chance to change so she got me in my birthday suit twice. And lastly when I went to buy the oil that was used on me during the service the reception lady had no idea what it was and my lady was no where to be found to ask her, since she didn't use the oil that was supposed to be used on my service. Too bad I loved the smell of it.
I went to the Red Door in Union Square to follow my favorite hair colorist, Harold Egan who honestly is the best I've ever been to be it New York, London or LA.  As I was formerly in the business of 'glam' I was equally delighted to find this new RED DOOR at UNION SQUARE a really terrific full service salon. The staff is attentive, upbeat and extremely professional. Amanda Schmiege. The general manager actually emailed me personally to invite me in to have a color session with Harold and answered all my questions in email regarding services, prices and Harold's availability. When was the last time a general manager took the time to do that for a prospective customer?!  Kudos to Amanda!  The salon is HUGE!  really beautiful, clean and spacious! I was offered a wide assortment of beverages, a consultation regarding my thinning hair with a charming and knowledgeable young lady named Sarah. HAROLD EGAN is a genius with color. I would follow him anywhere. He did my daughters hair taking it from blonde to dark to now a beautiful strawberry. It was her recommendation that I went to him and I am so happy I did.  He restored my color to my childhood color. A beautiful golden brown with auburn undertones.  Unbelievable!  I couldn't be happier with the color, style and texture. Little wonder as Elizabeth Arden products are the best in the business. I watched Umberto work on three different women's hair.  Great cuts! Next visit I will absolutely schedule an appointment with Umberto to style and Harold to color. The salon is reasonably priced for the service you receive. I would recommend this hip, fun, new salon to any woman. Any age!
I had to have a professional photograph taken and a friend highly recommended I have my makeup done.  On my way to the Farmers Market at Union Square , I have passed the Red Door since the day they opened.  Without any idea of what to expect, I made an appointment.  Behind that Red Door is a star.  Makeup artists don't exactly appear on the front page of the news but this one should.  Make note Of this name:  JOANN SOLOMON.  Yes, the location is wonderful. Yes, the people who made my appointment provided great service.  Yes , the atmosphere and ambience are clean and uplifting but it is because of Joann Solomon that I am writing this review.  She has the hand of an artist and the soul of a very wise woman.  She knows her craft and this is why I made the appointment in the first place but what so surprised me was the person attached to that hand.   Feeling the need for a lift? Set up an appointment  at the Red Door.  I had no idea .  Especially treat yourself to this experience if you have never had your makeup done.  I highly recommend it. Thank you Joann.
Had a brow wax the other day and was burned pretty badly. They comped the service and gave me a card for a free wax, but I won't be back and I've advised my coworkers not to go there either. Not recommended.
Went for mani/pedi and was very well done.  Not rushed, super comfy chairs and quiet, relaxing environment, the best products used.  Technician wasn't overly chatty and let me relax.
I walked in here on a snowy day and was treated SO nicely by everyone.  It is a bit pricey but well worth the money.  I can pay the same amount at my local Park Ave nail salon and get a very regular NYC experience.   Bezayda gave me a gorgeous express gel manicure and a hot creme pedicure.  She was so sweet, she loaned me her charger as my phone died.  The pedi was great and so relaxing, the salon is GORGEOUS.  Perfect for a large group. Thank you!! NM
Very nice new salon - a great addition to union square area! The people here are very very accommodating and the treatments are great. Try the express treatments - great services fast ! Highly recommend.
Please save yourself some time and money by skipping this place. This review is for the spa and I have no experience with salon services that are offered at ground level. I was delighted to see a Red Door opening a few minutes from my apartment, having searched for a decent spa downtown for some time now. Whilst not a frequent spa client, I stick to a schedule of facials and massages once a month. My experience today was aggravating and unprofessional, but I will let the facts speak for themselves. - 5pm appointment for 2 consecutive services booked online, confirmed by spa via email 2x over the course of the preceding week - 4.45 pm arrival and check in - Somewhat taken aback to see several employees standing around on a Saturday afternoon, but its still a relatively new spot. Appointment confirmed, and I was walked down to the spa area. Changing rooms decent but nothing special, small lockers. - 4.50 pm - sitting in waiting room, customer intake form very basic and scattered around the waiting area for clients to complete. Refreshments include infused water, soda and interestingly garlic chips (hope not many clients schedule facials!) - 5.20 pm - aggravated at the wait, no sign of therapist, not a single employee checking in. Went back to locker to check email and confirm 5pm booking. Walk out to reception to explain, reception claims booking was for 5.30 and only concedes after confirmation email is produced. I am assured a therapist will be with me asap. - 5.40 pm - still waiting @ 40 mins past my appointment, young therapist walks up and claims that I am early as her appointment sheet says 5.30. I note that this is now 40 minutes past my appointment, and 10 mins past the alleged appointment on their books. I ask if she has spoken with anyone at the front desk and am told that my add-on treatment has been comped. Not a single apology has been issued thus far. I am in no condition to appreciate a spa treatment at this stage. - 5.45 - I get changed and walk upstairs to speak to the manager. Manager excuses bad service on grounds that a large group was in the spa earlier that day and claims that all customers were contacted about appointments being rescheduled. No messages on my phone, no emails from the spa. To his credit, the manager offers a complimentary treatment but I have no intention of returning. I would have been a regular for multiple services, living 2 blocks aways from this place. However there is no substitute for professional, prompt and courteous service, whether it be the manager, receptionist or therapist. Walk-in nail salons are more organised than this amateur operation. There are many specialist massage practices that offer excellent service and multiple spas in the city that charge comparable rates but deliver relaxing, therapeutic experiences. Hope my experience saves you from wasted time and unnecessary aggravation.
Had an express manicure with Cheme. She was wonderful - not only very skilled, but a very nice woman to talk to and made the experience incredibly pleasant. She does mani/pedis downstairs as well as the express manis on the main floor. Spa overall is beautiful, and coffee/tea/water is offered as soon as you sit down!
I have been to the Red Door Salon/Spa a handful of times and I have to say the staff is polite and attentive my colorist Rochelle is extremely professional, quick and all around fabulous! She is a great addition to the Red Door Union Sq. I am excited to return every time! I highly recommend!
Horrible. I went for a spa pedicure during Spa Week and even for the cheap price of getting a $50 pedicure service (which normally costs $75), not worth one penny. First, I wanted nearly 25 mins to be seen even though I went 15 mins earlier (which is recommended on their site). The service woman was nice and chatty (I would have appreciated less chatter but I'll deal with it) and the nail job came out well but it got messed up the second I left because it didn't dry completely. She told me to wait 35 mins (I wanted 45-50 mins and it still got ruined). I didn't really accommodated for, I was left to wander the rooms looking for a bathroom and no one even paid attention to me. The whole thing took 2.5 hours (why?!) Was not worth it and definitely not going back.
Union Square, what an excellent location for the new Red Door spa. Beautifully chic and modern decor, this place is very worthwhile. I had the signature massage and can't wait to return for some express services!
I came across this salon/spa on Gilt and couldn't help but purchase the $85 steal for a Kerastase Conditioning Treatment, Haircut & blowdry. I've been to the uptown location before and had a great experience. I work up the block and had no idea that a Red Door had opened up here. I live in Brooklyn so going uptown can be a hike sometimes.  The decor is beautiful. The front desk was very sweet and professional upon check in and was offered a cappuccino, YUM! My stylist was Arianna. Her consultation was the most thorough I've had. She gave me suggestions as to what was well suited for my face shape as well as how I maintain my hair at home. Omg. She has MAGIC hands!!! Best shampoo of my life. Her scalp massages are out of this world. I will seriously come in just for the scalp massage alone. She won me over, my hair could have been horrible I wouldn't have cared. My hair came out AMAZING. I've never seen my hair with such volume and bounce. I got so many compliments on my hair! I am HOOKED! I will be back next week just to get Arianna's hands on my head! :)
I was so excited about my visit to this location. I have to say I was worried about the subway noise that I read about in other reviews considering I was going in for a massage. It wasn't as bad, after a while I stopped noticing. I bought the signature package which included a massage, manicure, pedicure and make-up touch up. From the moment I walked in everything ran so smoothly. Everyone was really nice and inviting. Atmosphere was great and relaxing. Marie the masseuse was amazing. Even her voice was soothing and relaxing. Then Cheme did my nails. Very skilled and sweet. Had a great sense of humor. The only bad moment of the day was my make-up touch up. The beauty specialist Lisa looked like a clown and that scared me. The way she applied make up on me seemed like a 5 year old child playing with her mother's cosmetics. But even that last moment didn't destroy my mood. I will definitely go back!
Got my hair colored by Anatalie and what an awesome job! However, this club music repeat needs to be changed. What a headache !!!!
I am thrilled that this new Red Door just opened in Union Square.  It is sooo nice to have a full salon/spa that also offers express services - so convenient for everything I could possibly need.  The decor is gorgeous and the staff is great.  I cannot wait to return soon!
I am the pickiest person when it comes to haircuts; I forewarn, and am very rarely happy with the results. In fact, it has been probably 6 years since I have actually been "happy" with a haircut. I am so excited to say that the streak ended yesterday. I asked the staff for a recommendation on who is good with wavy/curly long hair, and extremely horrible customers and they advised me to book with Wade. So happy I did! He took time with me, actually understood what I was asking for (and understood my complaints), and he did a good job. While it is not perfect, he explained why certain areas need to grow out more before I can get them to be exactly how I want them (because of previous haircut that, for some reason, ended up with a whole layer of bizarrely short). He explained why, said he *could* do more in that area if I wanted, but he recommended to wait until the next time I needed my hair cut b/c it will have grown out by then and he would be able to do more without messing it up further. I've been to several different Red Doors throughout the country, and while this was not the most luxurious of all (it was still very lovely, just not the most), all of the staff were wonderful, helpful, professional, and friendly. I can't wait to try some other services out; just entering the Red Door relaxes and soothes.
Recently had a great facial by Madeline here (Red Door at 200 Park Ave S). She is very knowledgeable and professional, and shared great tips for taking better care of my skin..  I left feeling rejuvenated. The space is lovely also, very chic and modern. I will definitely be back.
I went several weeks ago for a massage after returning from a business trip. All-in-all it was a great experience. I just wish I didn't have to go back to work afterward. Look out for the make-up touch-up, though. You might be surprised how it turns out! I will definitely be back to try additional treatments.
I was so excited when this opened downtown since I thought it meant I would no longer need to schlep uptown anymore to Red Door 5th Avenue.  Perhaps I should not compare this to the Red Door in Midtown but considering the association and price point, I was expecting the same level of service.  For starters the greeting as the front desk is much too familiar -- as if they are greeting their long-time buddy at a techno music concert.  Secondly the waiting area is much too bright and hardly inviting for pre or post massage relaxation with the doctor office bright lights.  Not to mention someone's boyfriend was waiting for them in the lounge fully dressed while we were in our robes and slippers.  And he was still there 2 hours later chatting with another employee.  The services were good but the therapists and other staff clearly need customer service training to support the price tag.  Too bad but I will continue to commute uptown.
