I moved to NYC for work late January. Although previously knowledgeable and somewhat consistent with working out, I SLACKED! I was working so much that I literally was out of energy and "want" to do anything. Although my apartment building has a workout center, it is small and I, frankly, needed more instruction and motivation than just going downstairs to get back in gear. So, I did a yelp review, saw the other gyms around, did my research and decided to go for a free, 1st session. I was SOLD. Noam and staff are perfect! Nice, attentive, genuine, informative, instructive and all in between! The semi-private sessions are the BEST. You are not by yourself, but with a couple of other people (no more than 3-4 in a group). Everyone has a separate workout, tailored specifically for their body based on an assessment completed individually with Noam. Everyone trains in the same gym area for the most part, but with enough space and attention from Noam and staff to encourage, demonstrate and correct form, as needed. I could not be more pleased with the entire experience!! One more note: I travel ALOT, Noam is very accommodating with any package you choose so you don't lose valuable time and sessions on your membership. Best decision since being in NYC! Totally worth it! Highly, Highly recommended.
I think there are probably a lot of under-informed and inexperienced personal trainers out there. Trainers that are trying to fit all clients into a single training philosophy or routine; trainers that don't have the experience to help a client with an injury avoid re-injury while simultaneously moving forward with a challenging program; trainers that don't understand that different clients can be motivated by wildly different things. That's why I feel extremely lucky to have found TS.  The trainers at TS are lifelong professionals who treat individual clients individually (even in a small-group-training format) and who never stop pursuing expertise and new knowledge to bring back to the gym to apply with their clients. I came to TS in January 2012 for two reasons: (1) I could no longer do my standard workouts without persistent quad pain in the aftermath of any cardio exercise, and (2) I was worried about declining muscle mass/strength as I got older. After 2.5+ years with Noam and his crew (and an assist from the great team at Dynamic Sports Physical Therapy), I am strong, stable, pain-free, and capable of things that I couldn't have done prior to starting with TS.  I mean, I can do things now that I've never been able to do in my entire life - not even when I was significantly younger. The TS approach to a client's fitness is individualized and comprehensive: They are going to try and improve your overall physical capabilities, not just help you get bigger or thinner. The fundamental program Noam, Corrina, Laurena and Sydney develop for you will first address the foundations of mobility, stability, strength and endurance; then, on top of that basis, they'll help you meet whatever additional goals you have. I can't say enough about Noam and TS Fitness. It has been a welcoming, enormously effective, transformative force in my life and I recommend it highly.
I've been coming here since August 2012 and absolutely love it.  Noam is the type of trainer who has the ability to tailor group sessions by blending workout routines depending on regular and new attendees for each class.  The class size is perfect..up to 8 ppl which provides the focus and intimacy needed.  Noam takes to time to chat with each individual to understand what they are looking to accomplish and very attentive where he's able to spot problem areas which they might want to work on.  For example, I wanted to work on my posture so he suggested a quick and easy exercise.  Another time, he noticed that my left knee was a bit off and we focused on relieving the muscle tension. The facility is very clean!  After every class, all equipment are placed neatly back and mats are wiped down.  I love attending the morning classes.  After, I can easily use the shower with clean towels and products before heading back to work. As far as Noam's workout style, it gives me the toning needed for my 'guns' and 'buns' including core.  I do cardio on my own but having  workout routines which Noam provides with kettle bells, TRX and weights have helped improved my strength & endurance.  I always leave class feeling empowered!   He'll definitely give you a run for your money and you'll see results!
I did a few sessions with Noam and Corina last month and I absolutely loved every session I had with either one of them. They were great! Super attentive to my needs, very personal, and always making sure my posture was in place. They always made me want to challenge myself which is a plus. I know Noam took the extra mile to accommodate me when booking the appointments, especially since my job is so demanding. I appreciated that so much! He really shows that he wants his clients to achieve their goals and you can tell he is a such a genuine and sweet guy. I'm not a fan of working out at the gym for so many reasons and that is one of the things I love about TS Fitness, how private and personal the environment is there. It has great energy and I was speaking to some clients who have been going there for quite some time and they were raving about how much this helped them and how happy they are with the service. I've met some pretty cool people working out there and the activities are always fun and challenging. It felt like a big family! I will definitely be coming back as a regular client :) Love the TS TEAM!!!
Noam is amazing. I worked with Noam before he had his own center. I loved his personalized attention then and I love it now. He works hard to create a program that fits my needs and wants while taking into account the limitations of my middle-aged body. At the same time, he is willing to push me farther than I think I can go and my results show that effort. I recommend Noam and TS Fitness without hesitation.
I do not by any means consider myself a diehard exercise fan, but Noam and his crew at TS Fitness somehow manage to make it fun to sweat. TS Fitness is a small, well equipped (and clean!) gym where you feel like you're part of a family. From my experience, the TS Fitness trainers will get to know you and your goals much more deeply than the trainers at the "big box" gyms. All of the trainers are very knowledgeable and friendly and will push you to meet and exceed your expectations. Don't worry if you're not in top-notch shape: Noam and his team are not judgmental and will tailor an exercise program just for you.
Noam Tamir came after me on Facebook, merely suggesting that maybe it was time for me to think about getting healthy. Well, to be honest, with my lifestyle and work-related events, he was right. Even though I hired him to work on a client of mine (who, like a lost sheep, ended up going under the knife instead of sticking to a gym routine), the thought of committing to a trainer was daunting. Returning from a small birthday getaway in Sin City, I gathered my strength and wits and showed up to mee read more » t Noam. It hasn't been easy, but I'm better for it. Much better; my blood pressure is down to a healthy level (my doctor was proud of that!), my weight is down to what it should be, and my cholesterol is working it's way to safe levels. Now that Noam has ventured out on his own, he is able to focus on his clients more, and less on his running around to meet appointments. His new studio off 1st Avenue at 58th Street (#353, 2nd Floor) is a comfortable space that's fully equipped with machines and devices that will bring that doughy-shape to proper form. The added benefit of a massage room and changing room with shower facility make it seem like a whole package. There are more photos coming - even if I have to take them myself! Good on you Noam! For having the vision and drive to create your dream and make others healthy along the way, I applaud you!
So Noam Tamir, "Trainer to the Awesome", has finally opened his own gym space, where he does personal training; it's so new it still smells a little like paint  :) It's a really comfortable space, taking up most of the second floor of the building, with a lot of windows and light; there's a shower, small changing room, a massage room, and a nicely-laid-out workout space.  The entire floor has been renovated, so it feels like a very exclusive spot, but his rates are pretty treasonable for a fully-certified personal trainer.   Noam is a great trainer, especially for someone (like me) who needs a kick in the ass every now and then to keep motivated.  He's patient, considerate, and works with your strengths to strengthen your weaknesses (does that make sense?  In my head it does), but he doesn't put up with excuses and by the time you're finished you'll be soaked.  In a good way. He also does some group class stuff (I haven't been to one yet but I've seen pictures and it looks pretty cool) on Wednesdays and Saturdays for core training with these TRX thingies (the technical lingo still makes my eyes glaze over) that hang from the ceiling. There's dumbbells and kettlebells and barbells and a squat rack and this big scary machine with lots of pulleys and stuff (see above regarding technical lingo) - all new and shiny and very, very effective.  I'm in the best shape I've ever been in my life since high school. So if you're wondering if you should start a personal training program, or if you just need the expert, helping advice of someone who's really committed to this stuff (he made me stop eating HoHos - DAMN HIM!) to keep you on track, or want to work in a group on your core...Noam's your guy.
So I did my first class with Noam Tamir last week and it was really awesome!!! I am not really "a class" person, so I was hesitant to take a class. However, I am glad I did, and I am even buying a package so I can do more classes with him! The great part about the class is that it is really great for all fitness levels (I feel like I sound like an infomercial). I work out on my own lifting and running about 5 days a week, but I like to  switch it up to give my body a boost. So I decided to try one of Noam's classes, and it was just what I needed. It was totally different from what I am used to.   The class consisted of Kettle Balls, TRX Bands, and the SI Band. I have seen Kettle Balls before, but had no clue how to use them.  Not only did Noam show me how to us them effectively, but he gave me the history behind them!  I am a HUGE fan of the TRX Bands.  You HAVE to try them (I can't really describe them, so Google them). Even the SI Band is awesome. I am always sooooo sore the next day or two after a good work out, and I think I can give the SI band credit for giving me a good stretch (I think I will be purchasing one of those soon). It is obvious that Noam really enjoys his job and wants to help you.  He makes you feel really comfortable and pushes you at the same time. He is HIGHLY recommended! Thanks Noam!
- Great mix of functional equipment -- TRX, kettlebells, dumbbells, bands/tubing, med balls, BOSUs -- everything you need, without all the big, bulky machines you don't need or want! - The gym floor, lockers, and restrooms are always very clean - Even though it's a small space in terms of square footage, there's more than enough room for any exercise you want to do, even when there's a group class and a personal training session going on at the same time - Noam, the owner, clearly has pride in what he does and it shows
Great group training class especially for the price. Quick 45-minute workout that pushes you to the limit but is fun at the same time. Trainers are nice and able to critique as you workout during the sets. Classes fill up at 8 people so it's not too crowded. Your fitness level can vary and can join any class.
Once I met Noam Tamir, I knew that his regime and workout philosophy was for me. I have been working with him and his amazing staff of trainers now for 8 months and I have seen changes in my overall health; to include stamina, balance and strength.  I was started with a series of exercises to help me strengthen my weak areas and even then, I started to see physical results. this has been the best investment I have ever made for myself and my health.  I am turning 60 this year and am probably in the best physical condition and overall health ever!  As I progress, my results and goals are reviewed and my programs re-tailored to keep me motivated and on track! Thank you for a great experience!
We've been going to group classes at TS Fitness for nearly two years and love it! Noam and the other trainers are passionate about training, and are supportive and very encouraging. The class sizes are typically small, which means that everyone gets enough attention and the trainers can ensure that you have the technique down. During the time we've been with them, they have switched up the classes a number of times, ensuring that they remain challenging and fun. We've been to a number of fitness classes (using deals) around New York, and this is by far the best, in terms of cost and quality of training. We highly recommend TS Fitness and hope that get a chance to try them out!
The classes at TS Fitness are among my favorite in the city. After seeing a Lifebooker deal I decided to give TS Fitness a try and I'm glad I did. The classes are fun, I like learning how to use new equipment (TRX bands, kettlebells), and the HIIT set up makes the time fly by (and keeps the calorie burn up!). I'm always shocked when the hour is up which is a nice change from keeping my eye on the clock the whole time as I've done in other fitness classes. I love that the line-up is different each time, but with some familiar moves so you feel a bit comfortable. And while it is a group class, the class sizes are kept down so you get individual feedback (not in an awkward, I'm-calling-you-out kind of way) but you don't have the pressure of 1-on-1 training. I've taken classes by Noam and Laurena and  they're both terrific and encouraging. Definitely give it a try!
My husband and I have been working w/ Noam, Laurena and James at TS Fitness for a few months now.  We could not be more pleased with the training they offer.  The classes are so much more worth the 50 minutes spent than working out at the gym.  We've both had great results, and love TS!
I found TS Fitness on Yelp when I was looking for a gym that featured TRX.  I had gotten out of shape and felt loose and jiggly, and decided it was time to do something more intense than pilates to get myself back on track. Noam changed my diet and now has me working out and exercising on a regular basis.  Although initially it was grueling, as my body became stronger the exercise became really enjoyable and it is now something I look forward to doing - I'm actually looking to increase the frequency of my gym visits. Noam is a wonderful, patient, and highly motivating instructor, and the small, intimate nature of the gym makes it a very comfortable place to work out. I can't say enough good things about Noam and his gym.
Clean, modern and owned and staffed by some of the most experienced, talented and didactic trainers I have ever worked with. Very happy that I discovered TS Fitness.
I was recommended to Noam by a friend but was hesitant to go because I have been dealing with back issues for some time and was at the point where I was nervous to work out for fear of injuring myself further. I am SO glad I decided to meet with Noam. He was extremely attentive to my concerns about my back and spent time showing me exercises and stretches that would not only target my overall fitness but address my back issues as well.   After only two sessions with Noam I was feeling hopeful and reassured about getting my back and body back into shape!  He is enthusiastic and knowledgeable about his job, very professional and clearly cares about his clients.  After discussing further, he recommended that I finish out Physical Therapy before jumping into a long term training program but I fully intend to go back to TS Fitness once I am able.   Furthermore, I work with Brides to be and will definitely be recommending him to my clients looking to get in shape!
Honestly I don't write reviews a lot. I just use yelp as a resource to find places to go for food. But i felt compelled to write a review for TS fitness. I've tried many classes all over the place from groupon and livingsocial deals including TS. I was disappointed many times and quite frankly, I didn't expect much from TS either. I was wrong, I didn't think one place would keep me coming for more. Not only do I get a great, hardcore sweatin bullets workout after each class, the trainers actually care!!!! You know how when trainers are train to say " good job", " looking good" when u have no clue what u r doing and the form feels awkward.... Well these TS trainers actually comes up to each individual to tweak even the slightest movement and makes u feel a difference in what u are doing incorrectly.  These classes aren't huge so I feel like I'm getting a semiprivate training (even better!!). Bottom line is, for me to keep coming back for more... It's gotta be good and hey... It's keeping me fit!!!
I got a Lifebooker deal for Noam's Circuit training classes, and they are one of the best deals I've gotten. Noam's really passionate about his work and knows just how to push you, even though he's dividing his attention between the 10 people in the class. This class is a great way to start working out, whatever level you're at, and Noam's the best guy to help you get started. Definitely come give this place a shot.
After doing one class with Noam I was hooked.  TRX is an amazing workout and the circuit training style works all areas of the body.  Noam makes you feel comfortable even when you have no idea what you are doing..he is very encouraging. I also love the place because it is SO CLEAN!!    A major plus in my books.  I didn't think I would burn that many calories in this class..but time after time i come out drenched at the end.  Sore everytime after...but the good sore..the kind when you know you have been working hard.  Noam knows his stuff...and i would reccomend this class to anyone!
Working out at TS fitness has completely changed the way I work out. The small-numbered classes allow the trainers to fully focus on each person to ensure that they are doing each exercise in the most effective and safe way. TS fitness uses innovative ways to ensure you are getting a full body workout every time!
I cannot say enough good things about TS Fitness.  I have been to a myriad of gyms and classes in NYC and TS Fitness is a standout!  The trainers are knowledgeable, attentive and actually care about their clients.  I have never experienced so much personal attention in any gym/health club environment.  So far, I have only worked with Noam and Laurena but from what I have seen, all of the trainers are experienced and results-driven.  In a couple of short months of consistent work with Laurena, I am seeing concrete changes to my body.  In fact, I am quite surprised at the strength I have developed in this relatively short period.  The workouts are efficient and, surprisingly, enjoyable.  The reasonable prices are a huge bonus.  My 15 year old son, who is in excellent shape from karate, has taken some of the classes and absolutely raved about them.  In short, everything about the place is a home run!
I was looking for a personal trainer located close to my office after my doctor yelled at me to get in shape and found TS Fitness on Yelp.  I was not interested in one of those muscle gyms and looking for a trainer with who would push me but not be initimidating.  And that's exactly what I found at TS Fitness.  Kathy is great - very accomodating to my kooky schedule, listens to me whine, and pushes me through it all - exactly what I needed to get back into the swing of things.  She changes my routine to keep it different and challenging.  She uses a combo of machines, free weights, and the bands to work out all parts of the body.  Noam and Kathy are super approachable and easy to work with.  The place is clean and the equipment well maintained.  They only book one person at a time in the space (unless there are classes) so you don't have to feel insecure about how you look.  And their rates are very reasonable.  Overall, would highly recommend!
