Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen is a must stop for anyone visiting the greater Buffalo area! I found myself in Buffalo for business reasons and when I asked a few co-workers what the quitassential "Buffalo" food is (with exception of Wings, of course) the Beef on Weck Sandwich was always on the short list so I made it a point to seek out the best and the consensus was that Charlie the Butcher had the best Beef on Weck in Buff City. This is a very unassuming and demure restaurant both outside and within. You walk directly into the ordering counter as soon as you open the door and I wasted no time ordering the Beef on Weck at the outrageously inexpensive price of $6.99. The dining area is packed, and there isn't much of it to begin with. In fact, the kitchen spills into the tiny dining space, but nobody seems to mind very much. Just be aware that this is no secret and you may need to get creative with the seating situation. It is well worth the effort. So what the hell is a Beef on Weck anyways? It is a sandwich consisting of rare (and gorgeous) cuts of slow roasted beef piled onto a  German "kummelweck" (thus the Weck) roll topped with salt. They dip the crown portion of the roll isn the Beef Au Jus from the roasting process to add much beloved flavor and moisture. And that is it. Beef this well roasted really need no embellishment and this sandwich is a testament to that fact. To be honest, this is the best sandwich I have had in a very long time. Simple and delicious. The provided pickle spear adds a tangy and crunchy diversion between those beefy bites. Bloody legendary. You best believe.
Wanted to try Weck at another place and a Buffalo native told me to go here instead. I had never heard of Charlie, despite being just inside the Bills blackout zone. You step inside to a counter, place your order and step inside to pick it up. The process was kind of like the Soup Man on W 55th, but with a nice staff that was kind to first-time visitors. Got my Weck, great beef. The roll had much less salt & fewer seeds than previous versions I had encountered. The whole thing was gone within 2 stoplights. I'll have to try the rest of the menu sometime.
This was basically my first destination to eat at in Buffalo. Thanks to the wide distribution of Wegmans supermarkets on the East coast, I was already familiar with Beef on Weck, but I suspected that it wasn't necessarily the real deal, especially having consumed it in Virginia. So, I wanted to try the real thing. This seemed like the best place to give it a go! This is definitely a place that's frequented by locals, and not tourists. It was really crowded, even at 8 at night. We both ordered beef on wecks because ... that's why we were here! Also some sides: gravy fries (closest thing to poutine one can find) and some roasted brussel sprouts. It was all delicious. We were also pretty starved ... it had been a long day of driving for me. I would definitely go back, and recommend this to anyone who wants to try one of Buffalo's iconic foodstuffs.
Beef on Weck, potato salad, and a pickle. If you can't get to Schwabls, this place is fantastic.
On a long road trip from Chicago to Saratoga Springs, NY, we relied on yelp to find us a nice spot for lunch that wasn't too far off the highway.  We found a gem!   When you walk in, you stand in a crowded line at a counter to order and you can watch the magic happening right before your eyes.  They carve the meats right in front of you and everything is made fresh.  Don't worry, the line moves fast.   As you can see in other reviews, you must get beef on Weck (a salted roll).  It was awesome, and we have even brought the concept of a Weck roll back home with us.  We also got waffle fries with gravy for dipping.  Yum!  If you're in the Buffalo area, this is a must-stop for lunch.  This place has been around for ages, and you can tell why.
When passing through Buffalo, we stop here to eat!  Love this place!  Everyday there is a special, we love Saturdays beef tenderloin!! Omg, tender, juicy, flavorful.  The beef on weck is delicious on that salted bun..mmm The chicken breast sandwich looks like it will b tasteless, but one bite and oh so flavorful w/whatever it was marinated in.   We had the beef vegetable orzo soup and really liked that.  The cookies there r really good too!  The chorizo was good, but not exceptional.  In summer they have a cucumber salad that is good.  The slaw is ok to me, my hubby likes it more.   Small eating area inside, but by the time u order and pay someone is getting up... And if Charlie is there, ask to take a pic w/him!
It's a butcher style - walk up to the counter and order eatery.  Turkeys, Porks, Beefs, etc. Far from fancy, but just good basic food.  $6-$8 a sandwich plus burgers/hot dogs for the kids.  Charlie came out and said hello to my kids and gave them little posters to take home, which was nice.  Hubby loved his beef on weck - enjoyed that it is served still red and not dried out.  We all split one of the big homemade chocolate chip cookies for dessert :)  Being in business for 100 years - pretty impressive!
This place is awesome! This is one of the 2 places I take people that are visiting from out of town. The must have delicious "beef on wick" puts them on the Buffalo map. Get the amazing herb potatoes if you can get them! When you go inside it feels like you're traveling back in time, with the old white uniforms and vintage decor. I like how you can sit at the counter and look into the kitchen while they prepare food. You feel like you have a personal connection with the employees and you know how your food is being prepared. Don't forget to top off your meal with a fresh made huge chocolate chip cookie !
There is a reason that Charlie's flag ship store is close to the Buffalo Airport. It so the rich and famous can fly in and enjoy our signature sandwich; The Beef on Wech.    If you are capable of such an activity what is better than boasting, " I flew in to Buffalo for a Beef Sandwich.  That is why the walls are decorated with autographed pictures of the glitterati.  For my part the best testimonial is the one from Chic Young, the comic artist responsible for the Sunday Funny mainstay; BLONDIE.    Charlie the Butcher is the Emperor of Beef on Wech and The Emperor has no clothes.     The sandwich is good enough but the place could use a coat of paint and it could be cleaner.
Gout City- Who gets heartburn from bland food? I did, that's who. I don't eat red meat but I got dragged into this place recently by some out of town co-workers and I never could have imagined I'd get a persistent case of heartburn from a turkey sandwich with no dressing, salad with no dressing, and sweet potato fries. My turkey sandwich came with a hunk of iceberg lettuce and tomato - oooh, what a culinary delight! While I was there for lunch, I saw a number of limping, older aged men who I imagine have steady diets of beef and starch to thank for their gout conditions, so talk about a case for a case study. Someone at UB should do a study of customers of this place. The decor is fine, they have picnic tables outside near the heavily trafficed intersection, and I'd say their prices are a tad high for the actual quality of the food. If you like salty bread and freshly carved beef, ok, maybe this is a great place to eat, but then you probably love cheesecake and queso (no, not together.)
The best! So, I've never been here before.  Recommended by airport employees. Quaint little restaurant with great MEAT sandwiches. If you're looking for some fufu salad, Thai, Persian delicacies etc. this is not the place. Good American grilled beef. They also have  salads, sides and shakes. But the main thing here is the MEAT! Great place to eat MEAT!
It was a Friday night.... the Friday before Ash Wednesday to be exact... and we (along with everyone else in WNY, it seemed) wanted a "Fish Fry".  We tried the usual places (without a reservation....YIKES!) and didn't have the needed 45 minutes to wait for a table.  One member of our duo (who shall remain nameless to protect the guilty) was getting grumpy from lack of fish and so an immediate solution was necessary.  Luckily we were very close to "Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen" and a sign that advertised "Honey Brown Beer Battered Fish Fry" was readily visible. Parked the car.... walked right in... and placed our order at the counter (two "Fish Fries") and waited approximately 8 minutes until we were called up to pick up our paper plated and tray-ed dinners. The fish was fresh and we were able to watch as it was breaded and fried right before us (huh?  Wasn't it SUPPOSED to be BEER BATTERED?) Oh well.  It was accompanied by average tasting french fries, very good cole slaw, a slice of rye bread, a packet (after we asked for it) of butter, a little container of tarter sauce, and a lemon wedge.  Was it great?  Nah.  Was it edible?  Yup.  And, when ya gotta have fish to prevent a major attack of the grumpies, sometimes that's all you can hope for.
Hands down one of the best sandwiches I've ever had the honor of shoving in my fat face to scarf it down.  The roast beef was amazballs.  Tender and delish.  I hung my head in shame as I approached the counter to order another.  Sorry diet, see ya in week.
Not trying to look like its from the 60's.  It just is.  But in a fun way.  Prices are modern.  A sandwich, fries and drink north of $12.  Quick, friendly and good food.  Somebody owns a gold mine.
Weck nirvana. We spent four days in the Buffalo area and came here three days.  Charlie himself was on the premises each time.  My wife, who usually rolls her eyes at my foodie adventures, was won over with one bite of her beef on Weck.  And she never complained when I drove here every day thereafter.   Pro Tip: Check the chalkboard when you walk in.  That's what's going on.  Had the best corned beef sandwich of my life there. Not a lunch meat corned beef: the real deal.  Thick slices of corned beef like you'd have at home on St. Pat's.  Same thing with the turkey.  Thick slices of Thanksgiving on a sandwich.  And if you're lucky enough to be there when they have it, get a side of the prime rib stew.  You're welcome.
The best beef on weck in Buffalo like everyone else said, just make sure to get the onion rings because they are some of the best onion rings I've had. Love the old fashioned decor, it really takes you back. I sat by the counter and it is just awesome seeing the whole kitchen in front of you. The lady in the front helped me out and served me quickly, I was in and out around 20 minutes or so. Definitely stopping by for lunch again, can't wait actually...
I am usually "that one" who goes to a steakhouse and orders fish, and even I was intrigued by the famous beef on weck. The au jus dipped dipped roll makes the sandwich, and the tiny spot with whitewashed picnic tables makes the experience complete.  I'll definitely be back.
My coworker and I were trying to find a place nearby to eat lunch from the airport.  I turned to Yelp to see what was around.  This was the closest to where we were with high ratings so why not come here.  The parking lot was tiny but this restaurant was small, too.  We entered and the menu was right in front of us along with the window to order at.  I didn't have enough time to look at the menu so I asked the guy what was good here.  He told me about the Beef Holloway which wasn't on the menu.  I told him I'd order that and a large soda which came to $9.33 total.  I think what I actually ordered was the Beef on Weck ($6.29).  My coworker ordered the Chicken Spiedie ($5.25), French Fries ($2.39), and a large soda ($2.29). There were not a lot of seating and tables. There were a few people already eating here when we came in.  My food came out pretty quick but it took my coworker's food awhile to come out.  I'm not sure why that was the case.  The Beef on Weck was okay but I thought it needed something else.  I added some A1 steak sauce with it and that made it better to me.  If I ate it wrong then oh well.  The fries were good and I ended up finishing it up since my coworker didn't want to finish it. Overall, good place for some sandwiches and meat and close to the airport.
People outside Buffalo in general do not know what beef on weck is. I feel bad for them. For anyone who travels to Buffalo and wonders what is so great about the Queen City, I say you have entered one of the best food towns in the country, so loosen your belt, tuck a napkin into your shirt, and grab a seat here. Just like Duff's and other popular food places in town, you will notice there are no extravagances about Charlie's. That's because it is all about the food. The freshly roasted beef is cooked right in front of you and sliced fresh just for your order. If you don't know what a kimmelweck roll is, you are not alone, and let me just say simply it is heaven. Similar to a kaiser roll, but not as soft, it is adorned with kosher salt and caraway seeds on top. The beef on weck (by the way, the best thing to order at Charlie's), is simply fresh roasted and carved beef piled high on a kimmelweck roll whose inside top has been briefly dipped in jus before crowning the beef. I know some people like to add horseradish or have a side of jus for dipping. To that I say, to each their own. I prefer the sandwich just as it is served, with just enough juice to soften the roll. Yummy. Must try.
Buffalo does Beef On Weck and Charlie the Butcher does it right. Good portion,  fair price, and very tasty.  I highly suggest this as the place to take an out of towner if they have never had this glorious type of sandwhich before, if you're looking for something not Anderson's...though I also like theirs. Delicious., quick, eats.
Great quick cheap bite in Buffalo - grab the Beef on Weck of course
Beef on weck was so delicious. Fancy cozy spot. One thing I didn't like is a little bit sand on my potato wedges. Maybe the potato skin didn't got a well clean shower?
Best Beef on Weck in the WORLD! Got lunch time takeout from here... One beef on weck, one turkey sandwich, one meatloaf sandwich, one cup of turkey noodle soup, and a side of potato salad to split among 3. The beef on weck has juicy, tender beef (how do they get it so tender?!) on a perfectly soft (buttery?) weck roll. This definitely cannot be beat. If you're looking to experience BOW, Charlie's is the place!!! The turkey on the sandwich was AMAZING. Very flavorful, tender. So good! But I didn't love it in sandwich form. The bun was too dry for the turkey. Probably would have been better on weck. The meatloaf had a good flavor but was my least favorite. Was kind of dry but not bad. The turkey noodle soup was AMAZING! Huge chunks of that amazing turkey meat, salty broth. LOVED it. Potato salad was REALLY good. Seasoned nicely, firm potatoes... YUM! Charlie's beef on weck is the best in all the land! His recipe must include rainbows, glitter, and unicorns... It's that special and delicious!!!
Went here based off of Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. I wasn't even hungry but the beef weck was delicious. Service was excellent as the employee that served us gave us their honest opinions on the menu recommendations. It'd be 5 stars if the fries were better.
When a place is featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate", I will seek it out if I am in the area to try it for myself.  The subject in question is the "Beef on Weck" sandwich.  I'm all for cooked bovine, so I stopped in.  You enter in a corridor where you place your order.  Then you step through the door into the restaurant to pay (why?  I don't know).  Then you wait for your order to arrive and then either sit in the 1950's era dining room or leave. I sat down in a vinyl and arborite booth with my sandwich.  The meat was a perfect medium rare, sliced thick on the bias, on a bun sprinkled with salt and caraway seeds.  This was the best beef sandwich I ever ate!  It easily rivals a ribeye steak sandwich for flavour and tenderness. This was a snack, so I only had the sandwich with the large quarter pickle, but I did see other sides available including brussell sprouts???? Anyway, it is an experience to try for yourself.  About 10 minutes away from the Galleria Mall, it is not really out of the way for a meat treat!
Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen certainly has plenty of rave Yelp reviews, offers a darn good "Beef on Weck," certainly far better than most places but not nearly as good as nearby Schwabl's which has been dishing it out for 170 years in West Seneca or the Beef and Barrel in Olean. Worse is the fact that it is rather dumpy with the floors in need of a good cleaning, sort of disorganized which often sends you foraging around for the horseradish, mustard, ketchup, pepper or whatever. Also, it's mostly take out organized having mere counter service and what you get is served in paper basket rather than a plate.
Mom and hubby hadn't tried beef on weck before today, so we stopped for takeout on the way home from shopping. This has got to be the best beef I've ever had on a sandwich, ever. It was a perfect pink medium-rare and very tender. It came with a giant fresh crunchy pickle spear and some hot horseradish. Some of the sides are good and others are not worth it. Avoid the fries, they were chewy and probably not made in store. The mustard potato salad is very tasty and a good tangy sweet counterpoint to the salty bun. The cole slaw is fresh and crunchy. There's a surprising amount of seating if you want to eat in -- lots of little fast food tables inside, or you can sit at the counter, and outside there are clean and cheerful picnic tables. Nice little greasy spoon place to try Buffalo's signature dish.
The beef on weck is great, probably 5 stars for flavor. Four stars because I think the portion is a bit small for the price and it seems like there is a staff rule against smiling.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Beef on Weck. I implore you to try this sandwich. Please do. It's so good. The meat is roasted for like 16 hours but it's still rare. They slice it up fresh in front of you. The buns are fresh. The horseradish is fresh (and hot). It will change your life. Oh and the other stuff is good too.
I love their beef on weck. It is the best in Buffalo, I think!
Here's the thing about Charlie's: they're really good at what they do: Beef on Weck. The weck is not overly salted and the roast beef is nice and tender. That's all you really need to know about Charlie's. It's a sandwich place that also has soups and fries and sometimes a cheap prime rib dinner. Really, it's nothing to swoon and sigh over. It's nothing to write NYTimes articles about. It's nothing to daydream about. It's just a sandwich place. But, for a sandwich place, the beef on weck is very good. I would say that I'd prefer a beef on weck from charlie's over a beef on weck from other establishments in Buffalo. But again, it's just a sandwich.
We wandered here on other yelper's recommendations to try our first beef on weck while on vacation. It's something we crave now and are always dying to go back. Tender beef, spicy horseradish, and yummy yummy bread. What more could you want?
My wife chose this place off of yelp and man did she make a great decision. This place isn't fancy but what it lacks in ambiance it sure makes up for in flavor. We both had the roast beef on wick and my daughter had the turkey sandwich and everyone loved what they had. The food is so simple but done so well it's incredible. If your in the area it's well worth the trip. In addition to their sandwiches they have burgers, soups, potatoes wedges and a few other items. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating for little ones which is always a plus in my book. Glad to have tried this place while stuck in Buffalo.
Everyone knows Buffalo is synonymous with wings, but fewer know Buffalo is also famous for beef on weck. Basically it's roast beef on a kaiser roll like bun with pretzel rock salt baked into the top of it. I found the roast beef mostly flavorless. Slather it with as much horseradish sauce. The bun, known as a kummelweck roll, is what really transforms it. Prices, for Buffalo, seem high. This sandwich could transform into legendary if there was more of a "pile it on" esthetic as there is with Montreal smoked meat. There really is a Charlie the Butcher. He walk around in a white construction worker hat. Although the Toronto in me can't help but think any older white man who is not on a construction site wearing a construction worker helmet is a follower of Ernst Zündel (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Er…). Kinda creeps me out.
Tasty yummy roast beef on kimmelweck.  Big fat roasted beef that is not carved til you order.  Best eaten on the rare side with heaping mounds of clear your nostrils horseradish.   That 'splains all the tissues in the parking lot.
Does anyone else think that "Charlie The Butcher" sounds like a 19th century British Serial Killer? Is it just me? Is my mind that warped? From the makers of "Charlie Brown", "Charlie's Angel's", "Checkpoint Charlie", and, er... "Charlie The Unicorn", comes this, a carefully sliced cut of Buffalo, served au jus with a hefty dose of authenticism we like to call "Horseradish". Actually, don't ignore the lone bad review, in that the portions here really, really are tiny. BUT the more I go to CTB the more I realize this really is the ultimate Buffalo meat experience. It is unrivalled, and they have hands down the best Beef On Weck I have ever tasted. All their meat sandwiches are fantastic and their Brats are perfection. I've never seen a place with so many positive reviews! It seems like almost everyone that tries it loves it... I know I do! So do the right thing, and try this place before you try Schwabl's or some other inferior Beef On Weck and decide you don't like the dish that much. If you want a more bar-esque Beef On Weck, I've found a really good one... on Clinton near Kaisertown at a bar called "Weichecs". Damn good B.O.W. What Buffalo is famous for is Wings and snow. And Niagara Falls. But it should be famous for food in general. I'm talking cheap, local, original, unique food perfection, and tons of it. This city is an absolute foodie paradise. It has some amazing Thai, Chinese, Indian, Puerto Rican, BBQ, Polish... it has my fave Italian on earth (Michael's among many more), it has the best Chicken Souvlaki on earth (Alton's, among many more), the best Pizza on Earth (Imperial, Paulys, Bozannas, Zips, and many more), the best Wings by far (Zips and many more), the best meat sandwiches (Charlie The Butcher's and more), the best bar food, the best fish sandwich (Bailey Seafood), it's just incomparable as far as small towns go. I got very lucky when I randomly ended up living there and was able to discover all this culinary magic over time. But back to Charlie's... This is the the #1 sliced meat in Buffalo, it is definitely one of the best tasting meat places in town, and everything on their menu is delectable and delicious, if overpriced and comparatively minuscule. Don't get me wrong, in England, it would be a large portion, but this is America, land of the giants, and so the food here is fairly paltry in its relative size. But it is so. damn. good. It's too good not to try. And if you're not super hungry, one of their sandwiches might hit the spot. But I recommend you get 2, or a sandwich and a Brat, which is what I always get! So why a 5? Well, we're not rating the prices, or the portions, but the deliciousness. And Charlie The Butcher is absolutely delicious. Or rather his beef is. Well you know what I mean. Their pork stuff is great too. It's very juicy and different from the types of pork you're used to if you eat Pork Sandwiches in Philly, or if you eat Mexican Pork. But watch out for the local pork (especially the Cheektowaga pork) because they will pull you over for anything.
The one-word review: Amazing! The wordier review: Back in high school, a bunch of guy friends dragged me, against my will, to the chain restaurant, Buffalo Wild Wings, which everyone referred to as "BW3."  I declared the food to be bad, and "plus, this place is stupid.  Why is it called BW3?  Where's the third W?" Well, Wikipedia quickly set the record straight.  The restaurant was originally called "Buffalo Wild Wings & Weck," and "weck" is short for kummelweck (um, there should be an umlaut in there, and I think most people pronounce it more like "kimmelweck" rather than if we were speaking German). From that point on, I wanted to try beef on weck someday.  So when I happened to be in Buffalo, I did some yelping to find some good places.  The contenders were Schwabl's and Blackthorn, until I finally found Charlie the Butcher.  The photo immediately looked familiar... I must have seen it on the Food Network or Travel Channel once upon a time...  Reviews for Schwabl's seemed to indicate that the weck was overly salty, so I decided to try Charlie the Butcher. I entered from the side, stood in line, placed my order, and then... OMG.  Pure beefy bliss. Beef on weck ($5.99): a simple yet AMAZING sandwich consisting of a slightly crusty kummelweck roll with salt encrusted on top (still a little too salty for my taste, so I brushed most of it off) and the most delicious, tender, juicy, freshly carved slow roasted beef inside.  Each table had little jars of horseradish, which was not very hot, so I added a ton of it to my sandwich.  The sandwich also came with a kosher dill pickle. "Mini beef" ($4.99): my sister got this, which was a smaller portion than the original beef on weck, although at a quick glance, I couldn't tell the difference between the two. You also have the choice of a plain roll. Sweet potato fries: a tasty balance between potato-y and crispy, aka my ideal fries. Potato salad with egg: I thought this was disgusting.  The mayo/mustard had a really weird taste that reminded me of saliva. Birch beer: OK, for some reason, I had never had birch beer until now.  It reminded me and my sister of a cross between Winterfresh gum and root beer, haha.  Next time I'll try the loganberry... soda... (oh, how it pains me to type that word instead of pop). OK, so the potato salad and birch beer were disappointing, but the beef on weck was a religious experience!  This is pretty much the only reason I want to go back to Buffalo.  I'd probably try one of the soups next time too. This location is a mile away from the Buffalo airport (BUF).  There are also Charlie the Butcher's Express locations, as well as a few locations inside Wegman's supermarkets.
Nothing compares to Charlie the Butchers! (Sorry, Andersons!) They slice the meat right in front of you while you wait at the counter. It's warm, delicious, and perfectly sliced and seasoned. My mouth waters just thinking about it. And if you like sweet potato fries, don't forget to order some! They are by far the best at Charlie the Butcher's. And Charlie is almost always here, bustling around in the kitchen area. It's so great. The best part of the experience (aside from the beef on weck of course) - the milkshakes!!!!!!!! Holy cow!
Saw a show on food network where they were extolling Charlie the Butcher's beef on weck. The cooking process, etc. The sandwich that was served looked huge where one would definitely fill your appetite. Well, the truth, that's just for tv. They call that deceptive marketing! The day I went, maybe half the meat at best. No where near the sandwich they served up on the show. To add insult to injury, the price you pay for this sandwich is crazy. I can go to John and Mary's and grab a full sub that is damn delicious and I am full walking out the door for the same price. Is the sandwich good, yes. But not at that price with minimal meat.
Lunch - Beef on weck, root beer, snickerdoodle & egg potato salad. Good - Very delicious sandwich. Snickerdoodle was super soft. Good seasoning on the egg potato salad. Not too busy for a Monday at 12:00, but I hear it gets like this during the cold season in Buffalo. Charlie (owner) happened to be working that day, which gave the place an original feeling. Bad - A little pricey and still hungry after. Came back for a second time and placed double order (to go). Sat down to eat about 15 minutes after ordering and it was a little soggy. I also went too crazy with the horseradish which detracted from what should've been a mouth watering experience. I take fault for that.
I was so excited to try this place, but unfortunately wasn't overly impressed. The sandwiches are decent but were not packed with meat like I was hoping for. Flavor was fine, but nothing that really stands out. With all of the other great places to get beef on weck in wny this place just doesn't seem that special.
I found this place to be just alright but not great enough for a return visit.  I heard so much about this place and decided to give it a shot. The price for the weck is a bit high and the meat portion is low.  Kind of reminded me of a French dipped sandwich but not as good.
Over priced and over rated.  Nothing special about the food.  Fries and onion rings were frozen.  28 for 2 people for lunch. Pepsi products. Relatively small portions.  Interior is dated, shabby and cheap appearing.
This was my very first Beef on Weck sandwich and I loved it! We took our sandwiches to go because we had a flight to catch. Charlie wrapped it up for us and when I opened the bag on the plane, the first smell to roll out was the dill pickle. I was being transported to another place, and it wasn't Detroit. The sandwich came out next and I could see the other passengers eyeing me jealously. I'm glad I was the one holding the sandwich and not them. As I took my first bite, I'm sure I saw a big guy near me watching out of the corner of his eye. With gusto, I sank my teeth in and savored the salt on the bun and perfectly seasoned meat while the big guy began to sweat. I finished that sandwich and watched as he ate his miniature bag of peanuts one by one. Then, to make life even more unbearable for him, my wife couldn't finish hers and gave that to me too! I love her! This sandwich is pretty incredible and I hope to make it back to Buffalo to once again sink my teeth into this epic sandwich.
I have been here a few times over the years, but the quality has decreased recently. Could be a lot better. The Good: Rolls - Fresh and good sized Sides - I love their sweet potato fries and they have many other desserts including rice pudding and sundaes/ice cream Service - Everyone is always friendly, willing to explain the menu to those unsure. You can see Charlie himself working there often. The Bad: Probably the most important feature; The Beef - The size of the portion is pretty small now, especially for the nice size of the roll.  The last time I was there, in the 3 minute drive I had after getting take out, it was completely cold.   They have specialty sandwiches too. My friend got the prime rib one and it was like this huge hunk of meat that was not the highest quality. Extra amount of fat and she said it was gristly.  She didn't even finish it. We have not gone back as a group since. Price - The prices are fairly high. For a beef on weck, side (sweet potato fries) and a drink is nearly $13. Especially with the small portion of beef, this is fairly high.
How can you not love the Beef on Weck?! If you're really a hater, or don't eat beef, I guess you could get the turkey with the cranberry sauce. It's also good, just nowhere near as fabulous. You can eat turkey anywhere. It's tiny, and there's really not a comfortable seat to be found, but you're here for the sandwiches, not for the atmosphere. You're not lounging forever, just as long as it takes to put that tasty expensive meal in your mouth. They hand carve the meats, and everything is made to order. Get your fries with gravy and have some Loganberry to do it up right, WNY style.
Legit. Buttery beef on a solid weck roll. The staff is friendly and the food straightforward. What else could you want? Given its proximity to the airport this may be my new go to for Beef on Weck. I wish they knew how to make a sandwich like this in Atlanta. Only negative is they serve Pepsi products. I guess I can forgive 'em for that. Love, Charlie (not the butcher)
We all know Charlie is the king of beef on weck; what I'd like to point out here is how great the breakfast sandwiches are! MmmmMMMMmmmmMMMmmmm
love, love, love everything about this joint. the beef can't be stopped, the service is great, and the ambiance is exactly what it should be. i could eat their beef on weck's all day and all night.
How is it possible I had never actually made it into Charlie the Butcher??  I've known about it's existence since I could drive at 16 years old...and over the years I have heard people spout about it's deliciosity. (yes, I just made that word up.) But I hadn't actually made a point to stop in until the hubs and I were driving down Wehrle the other night and decided we needed something quick and cheap to eat for dinner.  I can't handle traditional fast food, so this was a great option.  It was so good we went back the next night.  haha  Aside from the beef we also tried mac n cheese one night, as well as sweet potatoe fries the next night.  Both great.  I can foresee this becoming a regular spot for us.  Sorry, Charlie, for not giving you the chance you deserved earlier.
Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen would be easy to pass by on Wehrle at Cayuga, right near the airport. There's a giant sign with a bust of Charlie the Butcher - complete with white hardhat, apron, and shirt and tie - holding a signboard that declares what's cooking or special today. Any other business might have washed ashore with its dated decor, but with food this good, no one is complaining about the retro interior. And it is a blast from the past, like being in your grandma's 1960s kitchen, all red vinyl and linoleum. This day's visit was for a late lunch and definitely a small roast beef sandwich. You place your order at the walk-up covered window area and then step inside the facade to pay and wait for your name to be called. When inquiring about the soups, the other (handsome) gentleman in the white hardhat (or bump cap, as it's called in the butcher business!) lifted warming lids and ladled the selections, uttering something about the Turkey Noodle soup, which I had hoped he'd recommend and I ordered. Next it was on to the fries selection. My companion is a sweet potato fry fan and our advisor gently -- even humbly, barely audibly - mentioned something about theirs being the best sweet potato fries in town. Bingo! Oh, and a Charlie's chocolate shake would round it off for us. We paid $15 for the meal of soup, sandwich, fries and milkshake and waited inside while before our eyes, the crew worked in harmony, swiftly, yet carefully, to prepare our indulgences. There wasn't a lot of talking going on back there. Someone was mashing something, turned out to be the cranberry side for the carved turkey. We spotted the real Charlie back there, working away among the preparers. He takes a lot of pride in his work and products, that's obvious. He's also a really nice guy. He'll let you take a picture with him even. Once I heard a guy ask Charlie about his recipe for bread pudding and he chatted at length about it with the customer. While awaiting our meal, two fellows walked up to the busy workers and asked if there were free refills (as they handed over their cups) and voila! the cups were promptly refilled. I didn't know any place did that anymore! We sat at the counter and even in mid-afternoon, there was a steady stream of business coming in the door. Something about this place puts everyone in a good mood, for we were chit chatting with this one and that one as we admired their trays of food coming and going. There are humungous chocolate chip and some other cookies for sale; who knew, Charlie the Butcher is also Charlie the Baker! Um, you think he's the candle-stick-maker as well? It's interesting that alongside the cookies in a basket are homemade and very reasonably priced glass jelly jars of kummelweck  fixin's (half pretzel salt, half caraway seeds) complete with directions for turning your rolls into the magic for beef on 'weck. Do check out the website for more interesting stuff about CtB and the how-to video on making authentic "carving ready" beef on weck, a six-minute film from start to finish on creating the real CtB Roast Beef on Kummelweck. Like a personal lesson from a real butcher/chef. Ah, the meal was delivered to us and it looked so fresh and delicious. My buddy cut off a small sample of the RB on weck for me to try. The sweet server gave me the leftover milkshake in a spare cup, yum. But those sweet potato fries! OMG, they were sensational. The server again spoke quietly, something like, "does this look like a face that would lie?" Smirk. Of COURSE NOT. Oh my, I don't even like sweet potato fries but these are the best in town. No comparison. Here's some trivia from the CtB website, Charlie the Butcher is the third generation in the meat business. His granddaddy became the mayor of Buffalo in 1930. Clearly, commerce and service runs in the family...and diplomacy must too, you have to have a knack to be so good at PR. Charlie attributes his popularity  as half love and half luck, but my hunch is the harder he has worked, the luckier he's gotten. Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen is not a place for a hot date, but it is THE place to go to, as their tagline says, "Taste what Buffalo is all about".
Although they are known for beef on weck, the prime rib sandwich is highly recommended.
Excuse any spelling mistakes. My body is still in a food coma from last night where I had their stupidly delicious prime rib sandwich with horsey sauce. Any other sandwich I have in the next week will seem a sad and pale imitation of that moist, juicy goodness. Let's talk Buffalo cuisine for a second. Buffalo is a food city in the classic sense. We're not trendy or cutting edge, but we preserve, through the diversity of our population, foods that reflect the immigrant experience in our country. There are, of course, numerous food traditions that you simply don't find in other places. We have wings. We have fried bologna. Sponge candy. Fish Fry. Polish food (Chicago actually has Polish restaurants that rival ours.) There's a bunch you don't even realize until you live elsewhere. Finally we have the humble Beef on Weck. Charlie the Butcher didn't invent this bit of history, but he may be the best example of it in the area. If you've never had one, then stop whatever you're doing. I don't know what you've been doing with your life, but you missed something really, really important. Charlie's is a hole in the wall place where you walk in to a counter where you can see giant hunks of roasted meat sitting on a cutting board, ready to be carved into delicious sandwiches. You place your order, sit at a dingy table and enjoy a Buffalo dining experience. Better yet, it's right by the airport. If you pick up someone who has never been here, your first stop should be here. Give 'em a Beef on Weck. They'll understand our city better after that. Alright. I'm thinking about this place and licking my lips in a pavlovian type fashion. I think I may have to head back out there for lunch.
A buffalo icon, Charlie himself graced me with his presence when my buddies brought me to this local shrine. There he was, behind the counter, wearing a comical hard hat, slathering caraway seeds and sea salt all over rows and rows of his signature rolls. Yes, that beef on weck is all that, so if you only have one visit like I did, don't forego the experience. I also got mac and cheese and asparagus sides, and they did not disappoint. A tasty loganberry drink completed the experience.
Awesome beef on weck. Little diner atmosphere. Quick service.
A solid sandwich shack, emphasize on shack. From the outside, it's clean but old. From the inside it's less clean and more old. The food was not old but a bit messy. The front door (not to be confused with the well signed side door that is for exiting) opens to a hallway/counter with a well sized menu. You don't have a choice but to know where to order, I love this layout. How many times I have been to new places and felt lost... many. Many times. Not here. I ordered the small version of their famous Beef on Weck with a side of sweet potato fries, husband got the rib sandwich and the BBQ potato wedges. Add 2 small sodas (Pepsi products, Loganberry but not Mt. Dew), and our total hit around $25. Way more than I expected given their location and outside appearance... maybe Buffalo is a big fancy city? I've been to places like this before in other cities and part of their charm is the $5 combo meal. Our order was up and all thoughts of overpricing disappeared. Portions weren't extravagant, but the meat was juicy and tender. The bun, the weck bun, was salty... ok, I'll fess up, I've no idea what weck is. Based on this experience, weck is a salty white bun. So, salt scraping aside, the sandwich was very good. We swapped plates (the little paper square bowls), and I dug into a delicious steak sandwich. Topped with grilled peppers and onions, this was my favorite of the two. I love lunch swapping, I really do. He slathered on the horseradish, which is in a covered bowl at each table. I stuck with the condiment-free mode of sandwich. Yes, condiment free. I think. Maybe they snuck something in there, but it seemed to be just the meat and onion juice. When ordering my fries, I was offered butter and honey. I knew not this choice of pairing. But who says no to butter and honey? I'm a fairly new comer to the sweet potato trend, but I have learned that ketchup is not the true companion. I often opt for bbq sauce, which is pretty much sweet ketchup. So, honey, being sweet, should be good, right? Oh yes. Oh yes oh yes oh yes. I am glad I stuck with my sandwich before I tried the fries, because I would have abandoned my meat and bread for my crispy fries and honey in a heartbeat. Delicious. And now I want a deep fryer. My husband seemed to enjoy his potato wedges, they were pretty much quarters of a baked potato. Giant wedges, they seemed good but I was not about to try anything until all the honey was gone. I had gone Winnie the Pooh on those fries. Luckily, the exit door is not the size of a small rabbit hole and we were on our way with no fuss or need for an excavation expert.
Burger #192: Burger on Weck Before going to Buffalo/Rochester, I only associated that part of the country with chicken wings, but now I know better. My coworker told me that I needed to get a beef on weck and that the Butcher was the place to go. So after landing in beautiful 15 degree Buffalo, I made the quick drive from the airport. Inside was simple enough, a carving station with a few large chunks of meat, and a few employees cleaning up for the night. Since I was starving and can't help myself, I ordered a burger and a small beef on weck. Both came after a short wait and I went to town on the burger first; yelp.com/biz_photos/4AB4… Meh. The meat lacked seasoning and there wasn't much to it. A fairly typical diner style burger. After a few bites of burger I moved on to the roast beef on kummelweck bread. Kummelweck is a soft roll topped with caraway seeds and chunks of rock salt and it elevated the juicy beef to glorious heights. yelp.com/biz_photos/4AB4… The beef was flavorful and tender and the salt from the roll made it even better. I'm convinced that you could put even the blandest of fillings on that bread and have a winner. Shame that I didn't stick the burger patty in there. Next time I'm in western New York, I know I'll be ordering a large beef on weck all for myself.
Absolutely awesome. Came here as part of a Buffalo food crawl since Yelp seemed to give them the title of best beef on weck, and it was definitely worth the stop. Totally genuine, friendly Lake Erie people, and delicious food. We made it pretty clear we were food tourists, and they were happy to help us out.  For newcomes, note that you want a beef on deck, then add a dollop of horseradish and horsey sauce. Lots of locals eating here had the prime rib sandwich, which looked fantastic. Were asked again on our way out how everything was.  Couldn't say more for how friendly they were and how delicious and reasonably-priced the food was.
This is the best place to get beef on weck in the WNY area. Seriously. I tried Wiebl's the other day, since that was the other place that people kept telling me to try beef on weck. But what really annoyed me there was that the bread was soggy by the time we actually got our food. Charlie's makes the sandwich right in front of you, adds on whatever you need, and the bread is super moist and delicious, along with the beef. Soo delicious. A must try place in the WNY area!
I worked at CTB for like 5 days while in college ( 1000 years ago) ...BUT!, what an operation it is ...Charlie IS a butcher in the ethnic markets in the "Polish - Town" area of Buffalo. He also runs this beef stand near the airport. Cooking huge roast beefs every night, making his own Kimmel-wick buns, and producing the best beef-on-weck I have ever eaten, bar none. Rare, tender juicy beef,, cut as you stand in line. Warm buns, fresh horseradish my God........... They have other stuff too.  Great bread pudding ( while it lasts) great Corn beef ( while it lasts) etc. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for.  I wore the apron and hardhat I worked my ass-off I was proud of the product. Eat here and thank me later!!!!!! I stole this from someone...read! "Well situated for an impatient appetite arriving at the Buffalo Airport, Charlie the Butcher's is an essential stop for anyone who wants to sample the Nickel City's unique sandwich, "beef on weck." Slow-roasted beef, tender and pink, is sliced thin and piled on a hard roll that is crusted with pretzel salt and kummel (caraway seeds). The top half of the roll gets dipped briefly in beef juice. The sandwich is served with only a pickle spear ..."
Boy Oh Boy! Where to start! First off, Charlie the Butcher is a must when visiting Buffalo. Very convenient, less than 5 minutes from the Buffalo Airport. This place gets jam packed during lunch and dinner hours, but it worth the wait. Their signature sandwich, Beef on Weck, is great....but there is so much homemade food to choose from. Charlie himself makes his own soups daily and they are THE BEST soup I have ever had. At first I fell in love with his Chicken Noodle, and just recently had a soup that topped it all. New Orleans Jambalaya!! He also makes an amazing Chili. Best part is that everyday there is something different. Generally not the same from day to day. Charlie also offers great side dishes like, fresh slides potato wedges with BBQ rub, 4 cheese mac and cheese!!!! My fav sandwich there is the combo. Half beef/half turkey!!!! Yes the prices might be a little high, but you are getting quality, your getting exactly what you pay for and more!!!
I'm a recently converted fan of the Beef on Weck and a regular at the Charlie the Butcher stand at Wegmans in Amherst but I finally decided it was time to try the real thing.  Compared to Wegmans, the roll here is definitely saltier and not sure that I like that but it gives the roll that nice crunchier outer texture.  In fact, that's probably the thing I like best about the beef on weck here - the different textures b/t the crunchy roll, the soft bottom of the top of the roll drenched in au jus and the chewy of the beef is a pretty heavenly combo.  Speaking of the au jus, it's significantly tastier here than at Wegmans.  For $6 and just the sandwich though, think I'll get my Charlie the Butcher fix at Wegmans for $8 plus the drink and side salad.  But for a visitor from out of town, this makes for an easy meal as you are leaving the airport or going back to it.
A good roast beef sandwich - a little pricey but worth the money. It's a little hectic ordering but that comes with the territory for a popular location with good food. The roast beef is very tender (they definitely know how to cook a roast).If a beef on weck experience is what you are after then Charlies is the place.
My first visit to Buffalo. I had to try the famous Beef on Weck sandwich. Maybe it's just me being from NYC but, it just tasted like a roast beef sandwich. Yes the roll was fresh and tasty and the meat was tender. My son had the turkey sandwich and ate the whole thing. Overall, nice people, good food, quaint little place.
Charlie the Butcher is the perfect food analogy to Goldilocks and the Three Bears: - The roast beef (made-to-order, freshly carved) was not rare, but not too well-done.  Juicy, filling, perfect.  Just right. The kummelweck roll was not too skimpy, but not overshadowing.  Caraway seeds and kosher seeds provide a fantastic taste to complement the beef and roll.  Just right. Now the horseradish really makes a statement, but not in the way many people would think.  Usually the condiment is just too strong, but yet at CTB, it is more subtle, yet making its statement at the same time.  Not weak either.  Just right, The french fries to go with the sandwich are nice, crispy, not too salty but not bland.  Just right. The physical property is by no means eye-appealing (it will remind you of grandma's kitchen) but it is functional and not too shabby.  Just right. CTB is not fancy, luxurious, or flashy.  But the Beef-on-Weck makes up for that and then some.  Just right,
I take all of my culinary cues from the PBS series, "Sandwiches You Would Love".  And why not?  They featured my boy, Katz's deli, my childhood haunt.  So it was with excitement that the friendly chamber of commerce lady at a rest stop just outside of buffalo recommended Charlie the Butcher as a kids friendly place for "beef on weck".  Ok, so her directions there were kind of vague, but we made it there, ok, greeted by the welcoming Charlie sign. Most of us ordered the beef on weck but since weren't too sure on whether the horse radish sauce was going to be too strong, we requested it on the side. Wife got the recommended turkey sandwich on a regular roll.  Also ordered the sweet potato fries, sauteed veggies.  I got the loganberry soda, for a local experience. As it sometimes happen, all of the beef sandwiches came with the horse radish in the sandwich.  Fortunately, for most of us, it was pretty mild and we liked it, except for my youngest who didn't and had some of my wife's turkey.  All of us thought that the weck was too salty and scraped most of it off.  But overall, it was a good beefy sandwich, tender and moist.  But even better was the turkey: flavorful, sublimely tender and moist.  veggies were overcooked but the fries were decent.   Great experience.  Service was friendly and accommodating.  Bathroom was kinda sketchy. Would come back next time, though.  Thanks Buffalo!
So good my girlfriend threatened to leave me for Charlie!!!! Best beef on weck in town!!! Roast turkey is not too shabby either...
In a world over over-processed and over-preserved foods, it's great to know I can get a fresh roasted turkey or beef sandwich any time. Portions are smaller because of that reason, and I'll take it. Americans eat too much anyways :-)
I've had other beef on weck sandwiches but the beef here is high quality and perfectly cooked. Convenient to the airport so great for out of town visitors and locals alike.
This is the only place I've had beef-on-weck but it's seems like it would be hard to make it much better.  Tasty, well prepared beef on a good roll with jus.  I'm not a huge fan of the caraway seeds and the abundance of salt so I scrape most of that off, but after that it is one delicious sandwich.  I also had 3 of their soups: vegetable beef with orzo, lentil and split pea - all good (which was a bit surprising).  Their giant chocolate chip cookies were actually good as well.   Completely ignore the lone poor review.  This place is well-known for a reason so go here. 4
Charlie the Butcher needs no introduction for anyone familiar with the area. Jean and Michael Stern of Gourmet Magazine have CtB on their list of places to go when in Buffalo, so, really, I need not say more than that. It's CtB, it's a local legend, and if you're in Buffalo, you go there, end of story.
Instead of going on and on about the food I'll share this ~ I framed Charlie's picture and hung it in my house in homage. Recently, upon glimpsing who I thought was Charlie at a local store I followed him around the store peering at him from behind displays. I squealed in delight when i realized it was HIM!!!  Into the parking lot I followd him to tell him how much I loved his food. Finally face-to-face with the Weck King, I became tongue tied and muttered incoherently about his beef. A true Lucy Ricardo moment.
Awesome beef on weck.  Have had others but this is what I imagined all the hype was about. Stop in here.
Love the beef on weck so much I haven't tried anything else. Very tender beef and the perfect amount of salt and caraway seed on the roll. Charlie's isn't fancy but it's THE place to get the classic Buffalo sandwich.
The family stopped in here for dinner just before flying out of Buffalo, so I'm just gonna sum this up right quick. Dirty parking lot, dirty floors, dirty tables, super small weck sandwiches, over cooked beef, high prices, and non-handicapped accessible restrooms. How they stay in business is a quandary.
Very good beef on weck.  Inefficient ordering / paying process, but that was my only criticism.
Great soup! My favorite dish a turkey sandwich on weck. If you don't like this place you don't like Buffalo food and you should probably go get a salad somewhere.
After years of hopping across the border to Buffalo to shop, we finally decided to try a foodie trip.  Charlie the Butcher and his top-rated Beef on Weck was on our to-do list, and I'm happy to report that it didn't disappoint.  The place itself (at least this location) was pretty no-nonsense - counter with an in door and an out door for folks who just want to dash in for quick takeout, an actual dining counter, and then maybe seven or eight small tables for 2-4 people to sit at and chow down.  Service is fast, which is good since it looked really busy on the cold October day we were there, and Charlie himself was actually working the entire time we were there! The rest of the staff was all female, and were very efficient.  Didn't get a superfriendly welcome, but probably only because it isn't a full service place, and they really do want to make sure people aren't waiting around forever to get their food, which I can totally respect (they weren't unfriendly, just kind of no-nonsense). Had to have some Beef on Weck's and selected a Prime Rib Stew and Potato Wedges. The sandwiches themselves were exactly what we expected, salty (we love salt), tender and filling.  The wedges were even better, nice and crispy and perfectly fried.  The stew was tasty and had some nice beefy flavour to it, along with ample chunks of prime rib, but it was probably the weakest item we had. I'd have given them 5 stars, but for a couple of minor criticisms: 1)  The beef in the Beef on Weck's isn't a premium cut, which is pretty much what makes them what they are.  They likely cooked it as perfectly as they could have, but I still had a couple of pieces that were just a bit chewier than I would have liked. 2)  The location is a bit chilly - not sure if this was just the day we went, but I wonder if in the middle of a frigid Buffalonian winter day, they might consider adding a few heaters (maybe they do, and it just hadn't hit the cold threshold for us to enjoy it when we went). Still, you should definitely make sure you try this Buffalo specialty.
Best food in the region.
In a hurry and hungry on Saturday I decided to brave the little parking lot here and try a Beef on Weck.  This place is like an illusion.  It looks small on the outside and slightly larger on the inside. There are a few tables and a counter with the twirly round leather topped seat to sit at where you can see everything the cooks are doing.   I ordered a sandwich, $6.29, and got a pile of fresh roast beef, a slice of kosher dill pickle and a small side of horseradish on a bun that was slightly smaller than you get in the grocery bakery and with hardly any salt and no caraway seeds on it.   The beef is to die for but the rolls don't fairly represent a Weck.   At the register, there are jars of salt and caraway on sale with a recipe to make your own Weck rolls.  Could be a good Christmas gift to send a displaced Buffalonian. Service with a smile, Would have liked a side of fries included with the price of the sandwich. If I wasn't still hungry after that I would have gave them five stars.  The meat quality was awesome.
I went with a group from work...and it was awesome.  The one local guy in the group said that we had to try their food before we head back to the Midwest.   I had a barbecue sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Very good.  The sauce was just right, the fries were killer.  It was different to me to put honey and butter on fries, but twas delightful.  I was very much in a food coma after this meal. The rest of the guys enjoyed what they ordered off the menu as well.  It ranged from roast beef on weck to Italian sausage.  Several of them got additional sandwiches, it was just that good. The atmosphere of the place was def a throwback.  Vinyl table clothes, ordering at the front counter (which transitions into the indoor dining room), and just the vibe.  I felt like I took a step into a different era.  I could picture it being the cornerstone of an old downtown, or on the main strip of a small town.   In conclusion, the next time I'm in Buffalo, I'm going to make a stop here.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. Sure, you can get a BOW in lots of places around WNY, but here, it's goooooood. Why 4 stars, you ask? The only real problem I discovered was the low caraway to salt ratio on the kummelweck roll. The beef was juicy, tender, not too thick, and the horseradish had a great kick. The roll was gently moistened, as required for authenticity. So what, if the sides are just average. The beef is the star here. Charlie's a butcher, not a gourmet chef. That what the sign says, butcher. Just like Buffalo, no illusions here, Just good.
Went here on a trip home for a traditional beef on weck.  This was AMAZING in every way!  The food was GREAT, the service was FANTASTIC and it made me truly happy to be back in buffalo for even a short FOOD & FAMILY TOUR!  Thank you to making it worth the trip!!!
Been wanting to try this Buffalo tradition for years, never got around to it. They did not dissapoint.  Beef on a weck, excellent!  In and out with fast friendly service perfect for a travelling day.  I will be back!
How is this not 5 stars?  Hands down, the BEST beef on weck ANYWHERE on planet Earth.  The meat is slow cooked for like 24 hours and amazingly awesome.  The rolls are so good.  Love horseradish?  Pile it on!   Onion rings?  Yes please!! My wife loves the Turkey sandwich too! They also sell a BBQ spice rub for 50cents.  What a deal!  Take some home and marinate anything with it... Charlie's makes Buffalo proud!  Last time I went, the Sabres head coach was right in line in front of me!
This used to the best place to go for roast beef sandwiches, prime rib sandwiches and great home style comfort food. I used to pick up dinner here for my mom, who was in a nearby nursing home. I haven't been there is few years since my mom passed but there has been a real decline in this place. The tables were dirty, the staff distracted and the sandwiches skimpy. For a better roast beef, go to Anderson's on Main Street in Williamsville.
Landed in Buffalo on vacation, got the rental and went looking for a little local flavor for lunch.  We basically drove around the airport looking for something to catch our attention and there was Charlie.  Sitting up on his sing on the corner lot.  I had the Beef on Weck, wife had the Italian.  Rolls were fresh, meats sliced just right, tender and juicy.  We ate outside (lovely day) and really enjoyed it.   I would eat here again and again.
Best Beef on Weck ever. Fair price, good portion. Hole in the wall location. Great for a quick lunch.
This place is such a classic, just go, you won't be disappointed!
Had to chime in on this East Coast find, giving credit to a friend who frequents the area on business.    We hit up this place just before flying home from a trip visiting Canada eh.  (Its close proximity to the airport alone deserves 2 stars.)    As the saying goes, when in Rome, eat as the Romans do, or in this case eat as the Buffalonians do.    What says East Coast and Canada more than Tim Horton's and the Beef on a Weck found at this joint.    Now I'm not a coffee drinker so Tim Horton's, all I can say is that they are found everywhere in Canada and along the Buffalo/Canada border, they are the yang to Starbuck's ying.    But this is not a Tim Horton's review, its a Charlie the Butcher's review and all I can say is if you haven't tried a Beef on the Weck sandwich from this place, your life on this planet as a human carnivore will be incomplete.    This was my first and only foray into the sandwich known as Beef on a Weck and I would just like to say that it was "THAT DAMN GOOD."    The beef was as moist and juicy as I have ever experienced and the roll sealed the deal.    We even had the opportunity of watching Charlie himself carve the fresh and juicy meat used in our sandwiches.     I opted not to use any condiments and I believe that is the utmost compliment that can be given as I believe condiments would not have allowed me to experience the natural, juicy, savory nature of the beef.   I would be hitting this joint up everyday for lunch if I lived out in Buffalo.   The cozy nature and butcher shop decor of the dining room enhances the experience.     Scott "wide left" Norwood and 4 straight super bowl losses Charlie the Butcher IS NOT.   In fact, I think having a beef on weck from Charlie's could ease the pain of those memories and the pain from watching the Bills play now, then again, may be not.
On a recent trip to Buffalo I was told that I had to try beef on weck.  So at Charlie's I ordered the mini-beef on the kümmelweck roll.  I spread on some horseradish and was in heaven. This was such a delicious sandwich.  The whole time I was eating it I was thinking how much my husband would love this kind of sandwich and I sure hope he gets to eat one some day.  I even ordered a Loganberry to drink with it.   My only regret was that I ordered the mini - I should have gone for the regular-sized one.
Whoa! Stumbled on this place via Yelp after shopping, and I'm in complete agreement with the reviews of this restaurant. The Beef on Weck is simple and ridiculously good.
Put a little beef on the damn sandwich, upgrade the pickle, and get rid of the road salted bun.
First time I had ever been to this place. My kinda of place. A hole in the wall with good food. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the Weck was smaller then I expected compared to the cost and the fries were a bit cold which is the main reason I gave it 3 stars. Had it not been for that it would have been a 5!
Good Sandwich I guess it's one of those when in Rome kind of deals, the roll was very good, but maybe I miss the point of what is so different about it. Not complaining, but hey..o well....I really liked the fries.Just the right crispiness. The atmosphere was great and brings you back in time to the 60's or so.
Well worth a visit, even if the classic Beef on Weck sandwich is a tad on the small size for the price.  The roast beef is carved to order and the roll was very fresh, with the perfect amount of crusted salt and seeds on top.  I still have a few places around  Buffalo where I'd like to try the Weck sandwich, but this is definitely my favorite so far.  The French fries and onion rings were also very tasty and my daughter raved about the milkshake.  The building itself is a bit outdated and one of the interior tables was pretty wobbly, but  it was clean and functional.  I'll be back for another sandwich some time, but if the price were just a little more reasonable I'd go back on every visit to the city.
Had a Beef on Weck before my flight.  This was my best meal in Buffalo.  Tender juicy roast beef on a lightly salted/caraway seeded roll with just the right amount of au jus and horse radish....  It's just simple authentic good food.
Simple but excellent... Beef on Weck is small but perfect. Very juicy and tasty.
Always juicy and lean and perfectly cooked beef on the freshest kemmelweck buns. The au jus is perfect! I loooooooove this place and the Charlie Express within the Noco at Main and Youngs in Williamsville.
Ordered BBQ beef and turkey sandwich - great! Meatloaf sandwich- fabulous! Sweet potato fries, yummy. Italian beef sandwich - not so yummy, with dry and tough beef. Sandwich size is definitely small... To put into perspective, kinda like the size of a regular hamburger at McDs.  Good place of you're not too hungry, or else order 2 sandwiches!
One of the best Beef on Weck's I have ever had ... and amazingly quick service.  I'll fly in and out of Buffalo just for the eats ... it's right by the airport!!!
Delicious, you can't get a better beef on weck.
Cute small place with friendly service. Seeing regulars come in for their daily order was another reason I liked this place. Yes, I do agree they could put a little more beef on their sandwich, but it was still good. I really liked the bun with caraway seeds and sea salt. The sandwich was good alone but sooo much better when you add the horseradish.
I just finished my first beef on weck, it was so moist and flavorful. I enjoyed the mild horseradish for my first few bites but for my last few I added a bit more horseradish and really enjoyed the kick!! I sat at the counter and watched as Charlie worked and greeted the locals. Everyone was very kind and I really enjoyed the entire experience!!
Pretty good beef on weck.  True Americana.
Located right next door to the airport the location is great for travelers. We visited this small restaurant due to all the great Yelp reviews and only found it to be ok. We had the Prime Rib sandwich, Pork/Turkey sandwich, and their wedge fries. Perhaps coming from the south where ribs and brisket are superb, we didn't think it was a hit out of the ballpark so to say. The flavor and tenderness is good, but not great. The fries were cut in very large slices and were dry/lacking in flavor. It's great that you see the meat being cut right infront of you but the cashier is not very helpful as you make your order because she's rushing to get you through the standing line. Not memorable, not bad.
first time having beef on weck and it was awesome. no fat on roast beef, bun was perfect. almost as awesome as buffalo wings. fries were great. staff was friendly even though i was sporting a pats jersey on sunday
First time "beef on weck" for me....I am totally a fan! I love the novelty of the Charlie dressed in his hardhat and apron carving away. The sides were a little meh, I got the potato wedges and potato salad. Should've went with the onion rings after I saw them. Will return if I am in area ever again!
I went to Charlie the Butcher for the first time while I'll was visiting Buffalo. Hands down the best beef on weck that I have ever had. We also had a bbq pork/turkey sandwich which was great too. The sweet potato fries were also exceptional, crispy and tasty. You walk into the place to see the guy carving the beef right in front of you, not with a slicer, but a knife. Horseradish was really good and stocked on the table. If you are in the area it's a must stop.
My wife and i were here for 4 days of work, first night tired, looking for a quick sandwich and found this place. we ended up eating dinner here 3 nights and lunch once everything we tried was great, eat in or take out. Met Charlie on last day, very nice man, can't wait to go back!!
Charlie the Butcher's Kitchen is a throwback to the '50s or '60s (I don't really know which decade specifically because I wasn't alive during those decades, so I'm just guessing). You walk into what is essentially a hallway with an opening into the kitchen. Someone greets you doned in all-white, not unlike your childhood vision of St. Peter at the gates only instead of eternal bliss you get meat filled sandwiches -- six of one, half-a-dozen of the other. You tell this person what you want to eat from the menu located on the wall (just like the '50s! Er, probably). You can order WNY classics here served hot and fresh. I had a Spiedie and a Beef on Weck. The Spiedie was just okay, as Spiedies tend to be. The Beef on Weck was fantastic, maybe the best I've had. Plus, they put horseradish on the tables. Hell yeah! I also had some brussels sprouts made with a big fucking pieces of bacon. That shit was good. After my meal, I decided to order a chocolate shake (yeah, I eat a lot because I have problems). This dude made the shit out of my milkshake. Big scoops of hard serve ice cream out of a little freezer with one of those old metal scoopers (you know the ones I'm talking about). Then real chocolate and milk into one of those metal deals and on to the old-school milkshake machine (milkshaker?). Wrrrrwrrrrwrrr. Goddamn chocolate milkshake! Awesome. Also, one of the dudes who worked there was wearing a hard hat. It matched his uniform, so I didn't think that much of it. But it at least bears mention. I drank my milkshake and wondered why he was wearing it. Was it needed because things were falling from the ceiling? Is he also a construction worker? A member of the Village People? Is this a gay deli? I've never been to a gay deli but there was lots of sweaty meat around. But that's probably the case with most delis. I would probably like it more if it were a gay deli. Are gay delis even a thing? It would be like a gay bar only instead of booze you get meat. That makes sense to me.
I lived in Buffalo about a decade ago, and even after passing by Charlie the Butcher's restaurant many times on my way to and from the job I had at the time, I actually never ate there when I lived there.  I only recently ate there for the first time when passing through the Buffalo area.  It was lunch time and I thought to myself, I'm in Buffalo and I could go for a good beef on weck.  I was familiar with the reputation that Charlie the Butcher has for serving a quality, tasty beef on weck sandwich, so I decided to taste what I had missed trying out many years ago.  The restaurant itself is small, just a small ordering area, a cooking area, a dining area and some outside tables as well.  After ordering my beef on weck (which comes with a pickle), I was quickly served.  In fact, I was served so quickly, I was shocked.  I sat outside and dined.  The sandwich itself was quite tasty.  The roast beef was tender, juicy and melted in my mouth.  The kummelwick roll was not overpoweringly salty, but you could taste the salt and kummelwick seeds, which was a plus.  Charlie the Butcher definitely sets the standards on which good beef on weck should be judged.
Amazing stuff.  I visit this place waay too infrequently, which I painfully remind myself each time I have Charlie's beef on weck.  Pure deliciousness, and a flagship sandwich for the Queen City.
Flavorful corned beef.  Yummy chocolate chip cookie.
best beef on weck i have had in buffalo. The shakes were amazing. thickest shakes i have ever had.
Beef on weck was pretty good. Meat tasted like good quality. Had to scrape off the salt on top of the bun - waaaay to much.
I tend to get really wary of these places that are supposed to exemplify a local favorite dish. Often times, those places are serving a "classic" or "original" version of a dish that has since been improved, which is like saying that the Model A was the best car that's ever been designed. See Pat's and Geno's, for example. Moreover, when the dish has literally two components, well, how much room to innovate is there? That being said, this place really did make the best roast beef sandwich that I've ever had. The rolls are absolutely great, and with a little mayo and horseradish, the whole thing really comes together. For some reason, I had it in my head that the beef on weck was a dipped sandwich, but that was not the case, at least not for the one that I had. Now, if they could only add some provolone...the purists are probably cringing as I type this...
Like others, I've been wanting to try Beef on Weck for years. My mouth was watering for the entire 5 hour drive! I had a bit of trouble finding the place (my GPS would not accept the street address) but we only lost a few minutes. Parking was easy. Service was friendly. Beef on Weck was, well, unbelievable. I kept telling myself beforehand...it's only a roast beef sandwich...how good could it really be? THAT GOOD! Soft, moist, flavorful...YUM!!! Weck is amazing (although I might have considered a lower salt option for my mom (76) who liked it but commented on the saltiness). Fries were good. Corn (boiled, grilled and slathered) was a bit lame (in August!?), but not enough to lower my rating. 2 sandwiches, the fries, corn and a Snapple came to just under $20.
yummy loved the beef on weck .turky sand on roll /w cran relish , but for me the sides were to die for .tuna pasta salad {a up state thing  from my childhood  ) /  egg and potato salad was fantastic , another thing the kitchen was buzzing along a at cool pace  ,and not a yelled word just calm  service .all female staff  my hat is off to you . wish my kitchen worked with such good karma .   and  on my bill  a POP thats what we call soda  pop . got to love it
I heard allot about the specialties of Buffalo, Beef on Weck, Sponge Candy, and of course Buffalo Wings.  I love beef and Beef on Weck was first on the list.  We went here because it is close to the airport,  A simple place, you order and pay and the staff calls you when it is ready.  Not a fancy place for ambiance it is a great place for food.  We each had Beef on Weck, slathered with some horseradish, shared a order of fries (they are huge portions) and had a soda.  Delicious!
Saw this on the Food Network and since I'm a fan of anyplace that cooks their own meats we had to stop in while visiting family.  Had to have the corned beef so we went on Wednesday.  Food was great, the staff was friendly and we got our food relatively quickly.  I would say they could have put more corned beef on the sandwich.   I guess I was spoiled with the corned beef at Carnegie Deli in NYC.  My son had a hot dog which I tasted and that was good as well.  Next time we're in town we'll definitely be back!.
