In my former career as a corporate event planner, I traveled all over the country and got to experience some of the most amazing spas in the country. Never, in my wildest imagination, would I have believed that the massages in the little spa on Broad Street Bloomfield New Jersey could beat them all! The treatments are deeply relaxing as are the treatment rooms which truly transport you to the Pacific islands. I'm not sure how they do it but they do. I cannot recommend this place highly enough! Alexa is fab!
Excellent spa! My sister, mother and I went for a ladies' spa day together, and had a wonderful time. We had Chris Marie, Larek and a third woman whose name I did not catch, and all gave spectacular massages! We opted for Swedish massages, and I had previously purchased a gift card for my mother. Everything went smoothly, from gift card buying to booking, to massage. It was a very relaxing experience! The ambience is soothing, and they start with a foot soak--very nice! Chris Marie was professional, courteous and very skilled. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a luxurious day for a reasonable price. I will return as soon as I can!
I finally treated myself to a full body massage and I was NOT DISAPPOINTED!!!  Flic Spa is the ultimate experience at a reasonable price!  NICOLE IS EXCELLENT!!!!   I would truly recommend the Bloomfield, NJ location to anyone.  The ambiance was so relaxing and personable. The foot soak was AWESOME and the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi was GREAT!  If I could have tipped Nicole $100, I would have! I will definitely be back!  SOON!!!  Thanks for an amazing experience!
I always tell myself I'm going to write a review but then as soon as I come home I forget. Today was an exception because I had an amazing time at Flic Spa. I received a prenatal massage by Chrismery and it was extraordinary! The atmosphere, the aroma, and dim lights all add to the zen experience. She started out with a warm rose petal foot soak along with some tea. It was very relaxing and calming. She asked me if I had any special concerns or problem areas and I told her I like the massage to be gentle because my previous massages always hurt more than feel good. She wrote this down in stone because let me tell you it was gentle enough not to hurt but also pressured enough to feel oh so good! She was also very caring in shifting me into different positions and she used an oil to massage which smelled so good. I definitely want to come back one more time before I go into delivery! Overall the entire experience was worth every penny and I highly recommend flic spa!
I treated my mother to an early Mother's Day spa treatment at Flic Spa. We both had an incredible experience here. You can find the same caliber of expertise at Flic Spa comparable to the spas overseas without the travel. I've been to a dozen spas in the U.S. and this one is by far the best. The owner is very personable. Since, I was going to shell out a ton of money here I was a bit of a "diva" making requests to come in earlier,  utilizing the sauna, having a female masseuse (my masseuse from another spa was male and was nervous resulting to not doing his job right) The owner, Lyric, on the other end of the phone line was very patient and accomodating, thus, granting every request. The interior design has  East Asian influence making the customer tranquil as you walk in the establishment. Flic Spa is clean, inviting. I felt like a Queen with my services-- the invigorating sauna, a foot spa with flower petals floating on bubbly bath in a copper bowl, and the 60 minute Swedish massage. Other spas take note, Flic Spa is the quintessential spa.
Loved it so much ! Complimentary foot bath with service over $100. Great deep tissue massage and very personable staff! Will be back
What an amazing experience. Flic Spa knows how to set the mood.. once you enter your private room, you will totally forget you are still in New Jersey. My husband and I truly enjoyed our treatments. They have the most amazing therapists. Will definitely be back SOON!!!
I'm going to have to add my own glowing review of this place. I visited the Bloomfield location. This place is AMAZING! I treat myself to massages a few times  a year. Often when I travel, maybe once a year at a day spa at home. I was participating in a girls' weekend and we decided to treat ourselves to a massage. It was the highlight of the weekend! Priscilla was my therapist and she gave me the best massage I ever had. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and very calming. The pre-massage relaxation time and foot soak is very indulgent. I feel like I'm living the lifestyle of the rich and famous when I'm there. The low lighting and soft, relaxing music in the treatment room is just perfect. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because during the massage, the treatment room was freezing! The A/C was blowing full blast and the vent was directly above my scantily clad body. I asked Priscilla if they could lower it a bit, but it never got any better. The coldness distracted me from the wonderfully relaxing feeling of the massage. I'm so glad I found this place. I think I'm going to start going a bit more often. I will probably try the Cranford location next time as it's closer to my house, but I don't know if I want to give up Priscilla! You won't be sorry if you go to Flic Spa!
My wife and I have been to resort spas while on vacation but none have come close to the quality of Flic Spa. The spa is beautiful and clean, and instantly set the tone for a relaxing experience that never fails to eliminate all stress and tension. The staff is attentive and friendly. The couples massage is a great way to celebrate a special occasion.  I have been coming here for more than six years and I would not go anywhere else.
I would just like to say how amazing this spa is they are great at what they do I recommend it 100% I loved it I went for Mother's Day and I couldn't have had a better day to myself thank you
I just got back from my first massage (with Josie) in the bloomfield location. I can't say enough good things about this place. Great staff, great place, beautifully decorated. I feel amazing, and I will be coming back!
This gem is a sanctuary that will melt away your stress and tension. I highly recommend it for special celebrations and to treat yourselves to something wonderful. We came here for a couples massage as part of a relaxing birthday celebration and the staff made us feel so special! They're so friendly and attentive! We had chilled champagne glasses waiting for us while we relaxed in the warm foot bath and scrub. Then we had a fantastic aromatherapy massage that made us feel rejuvenated, as if we had been on a long tropical vacation. To top it all off, we had a great facial treatment that left my skin feeling smooth and glowing. The atmosphere is wonderful, I can't wait to go back!
Amazing! This was my first visit to Flic and I'll definitely be going back. I brought my wife here for her birthday. When I told Lerrick it was her birthday he insisted on a little celebration. Of course we did not decline. Lol. After talking like we were long lost cousins my wife and I had a hot stone couples massage. I have never felt more relaxed and comfortable in my life. That massage gave me life! I didn't even have to ask my wife how hers was going, her snoring was proof enough. There is no question we will definitely be back.
My bf and I decided that we needed a little extra TLC sometime in Feb. (having nothing to do with Valentine's day) and I had been speaking about having a spa date for quite some time... After quite a bit of research he/we came across Flic Spa and I booked us for a traditional couples massage... Everything from the decor, receptionist, and ma-seuss(es?) were great! It was my bf's first massage and so he didn't know what to expect, but I coached him on how to prepare (shaving, clean underwear etc. lol), still I couldn't prepare him for how "scolding hot" the water in the rose-petal foot soak would be...I am used to this treatment but him?! He reacted like a BIG baby! His ma-seuss had to add cold water to his foot basin at least twice! I just looked on, shaking my head and laughing. After the foot soak and Asian tea, for the next hour or so we enjoyed an intense body rub. My ma-seuss was great, but I wish he would have been a little bit more gentle on certain parts of my body. I had requested a VERY GENTLE massage because I am extremely sensitive! My bf enjoyed his massage so much that he fell asleep almost instantly! Haha Bottom line: We WILL be returning back here soon! We want to make this a regular part of our monthly must-dos(or every month)! It's a bit pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for!
Got returned from my first massage at Flic Spa in Cranford.  Best massage (deep tissue) I've ever experienced.  My massage therapist, Priscilla was incredible at her craft and I would highly recommend her.  In addition, overall experience was incredible with soothing music, pleasant room, warm candlelight, and complimentary rose petal foot-soak.  Totally rejuvenation for both the mind and body. Ken Cranford, NJ
This is an amazing spa and I had a great experience today with my mom and sister for mothers day.   I love the staff and they take spa treatment to the next level.  Above and beyond what I expected.  thanks flic spa
I love it here! I've went multiple times and had multiple services/masseuses. There very sweet and nice. Very relaxing.  Very good at everything.  I would reccommend them highly. My fiance and I came for a couples package and I actually fell asleep from it being so relaxing!  There amazing!
This is a 5 star spa. I mean I just can't think of any more adjective other pure bliss. Worth every penny I will be a recurring customer.  Oh I just thought of another adjective perfect perfect perfect.
This by far is one of my favorite spas. It's on the expensive side so I only go when I can afford it. I went here for a pre-natal massage and it was the best massage I've ever gotten. I forgot his name but one of the owners did my massage and he untied all my knots and the service at this place is excellent. They really make you feel like a queen when you come here. Filipino really know what a good massage is about.
Excellent massage. Nice atmosphere. Love the complimentary tea and foot bath. Friendly staff.
Just got back from my annual couple's massage in celebration of our anniversary. We keep coming back for the excellent service. They have created an oasis in Bloomfield, perfect for a relaxing massage. I heartedly recommend the experience.
First massage ever and it was an amazing experience!! I had Josie, she had magical hands that smoothed away all of my tension. I'm writing this hours after my massage and I still feel rejuvenated. I hope to go back soon! Loved it!!
Ahhhhhh, so relaxed! Been to Flic Spa about 6 times now and every time the experience is amazing.  I walk out of there feeling like a new person. The place itself has such a warm relaxing zen-like feel to it.  You can feel the knots starting to unwind just sitting in the waiting area.  The rooms are warm and serene and very clean. I think that I've always had the Swedish massage, but they offer a wide variety of unique massages and packages. I've probably had 30-40 massages in my life so I have a good basis to say that Flic offers excellent massages.  They are firm and really work out the knots.  It's not one of those massages where they just gently rub oil all over you (which in my opinion is worthless).  My last massage was this past Saturday with Nicole. She gave a really firm massage and definitely worked my knots out. Love Flic Spa......
My wife and I visited today for a couples massage that was excellent.  We will be returning.
This place is awesome! I was surprised to find such a beautiful spa in a Bloomfield storefront location.  When I told the receptionist that I was afraid the parking meter would run out during my treatment, she offered to feed the meter for me--how awesome is that!  I had a mini-consultation with the owner before my facial, and my massage was soooo relaxing. The rose petal foot soak was such a pleasant surprise!  The entire staff was a pleasure to deal with; they know how to provide wonderful service.  I will definitely be back.
Just called to make an appointment and the receptionist puts me on hold for 5 min...after that I hung up.  I called back later in the day to make an appointment for  the special they had online for the $30 off aromatherapy massage.  The receptionist informs me they no longer have that promotion going on and it expired at the end of August....its now Sept. 13 and they still have it posted on their website.   I guess I will take myself and the two other appointments to Bangz!
This is my first Yelp review...I had to write a review for this place (Bloomfield location).  It's just amazing.  The second I met Lerry (the owner) we hit it off right away.  Such a sweet, funny, and personable guy.  Made me feel at home right away.  Offered to take care of filling my parking meter, so I wouldn't have to worry about it during my spa services. I was brought to a dimly lit cozy room with massage table and over-sized comfy chair.  Sat in the chair still chatting it up with Lerry and he brought in this large tub with rose petals and a candle for my foot soak.  He said he offers a foot soak to anyone who gets an hour or more of services.  Nice added touch. I appreciated it.  Served me tea as we continued to chat.  After the foot soak, he gave me my Flic Signature massage followed by a moisture facial.  The whole experience was great.  I fell asleep probably twice. Left very relaxed and like I was on vacation for the past 2 hours.  I will definitely be coming back here for all my spa service needs.  It's no surprise that all reviews are 4 or 5 stars.  It really is that great of an experience here.
So I literally just came back from there, this was my first time at a spa and I have to say I had an amazing experience. I went with my best friend and everyone was very nice and professional. I took my BFF there for the Mother's Day special and she loved it. I will def be going back again. I had an amazing time and it was worth every penny.
My wife and I went here today for a couple's massage for our anniversary.  We never knew about it but found out we have been missing out for about five years.  The massage started with a foot soak with rose petals and salts.  They placed our feet in a copper basin with floating candles.  It was a relaxing way to begin the session.  They gave us time to get on our respective tables and then provided wonderful massages for nearly 90 minutes.  The atmosphere was relaxing, with soft music and the perfect amount of candlelight.  We don't get massages very often but we will be returning and will recommend Flic to friends.  It is worth every penny.  The massage therapists and receptionist were all quite pleasant.  Great service all around.
Perfect massage with Chrismary!  Very glad I chose this spa over others in the area.  It's relaxing, authentic, scenic, and clean.  It's very down-to-earth and not too "uppity", fake, or annoying.  The experience is amazing, very peaceful, and definitely worth the money!
My husband and I went here for a 90 minute couples massage as an anniversary gift to ourselves. It was awesome! The atmosphere is extremely relaxing. They begin with a hot foot bath filled with rose petals and candles and bring you green tea. Throughout the massage they play relaxing ocean sounds, etc and use various types of aromatherapy. The massage itself was GREAT and we left feeling SO relaxed! It was expensive, but definitely worth it. I've only had one other massage before, but this one blew the other out of the water. Will DEFINITELY be back!
I have been to a few different spas but this place takes the cake. From the minute you walk in the door, it is a calming, serene environment. The dim lights, beautiful aroma and gorgeous decorations all over the spa are second to none. I've gone twice for "couples" massage with my friend and both times were awesome. The warm rose petal foot soak and green tea pre-massage really set the stage for an indulgent experience. The most recent time we went, we had Mario and Learrick (forgive me if I butchered the spelling of his name)...and they were both wonderful. I highly recommend them. Give this place a try---you really won't be disappointed.
My first thought upon entering Flic Spa from busy Broad St in Bloomfield was, "What the heck is this place doing here?!" The spa is an oasis of calm, every detail considered and beautifully chosen by owners Lerrick and Oliver. They've created a lovely atmosphere but that would be nothing if the services weren't great too, and they are. I'm a woman in her 30s and I've had massages and spa services all over the world. I usually have my spa treatments in Manhattan at places twice the price but during the recent storms, I wanted to try somewhere local. I'm so glad I did. The massage experience starts with a candle-lit foot soak in one of their attractive, warm treatment rooms, which serves as a physical and mental break from the world outside and begins the relaxation process. The masseuses with whom I've worked have shown a reassuring knowledge of anatomy and a high level of skill. So far, I've had the 90min deep tissue/therapeutic massage and the 60min deep tissue.I've been thrilled with both my masseuse's ability to increase my range of motion in a chronically knotted neck/shoulder. I came out feeling very relaxed too. It is clear that Lerrick knows how to craft and run a spa. Flic is attractive, inviting and friendly. The staff made me feel welcome and cared-for. While I've not had a facial at Flic, I've spoken with Lerrick about the options and been impressed. He takes a consultative approach that I greatly appreciate. In short, the massages are masterful! The only this wrong with this place is the lack of marketing....so tell your friends about it.
This is a fantastic spa!  Have been multiple times and have tried massages, rain dance therapy and body treatments.  Lerrick and his team are so accommodating, they really care about your experience and value your relationship with their business. Absolutely love it!  Go!  You will not be disappointed. The only con is the parking - you will have to pay meters or park a couple blocks away.
Just had a wonderful couples massage. Convenient location. A getaway near home. Thanks Lerrick & Loraine for remarkable service!
I can only speak wonderfully of this establishment. I decided to treat my boyfriend and myself to a nice couple's spa day for massages. The owner is incredibly personable and warm. The staff is very attentive to the needs of their clientele. I never felt uncomfortable at any point during my massage and they were very professional and astute to the needs of a knot I had in my shoulder. I would definitely recommend this place for everyone to patronize because it really is a wonderful experience to be had.
I went to Flic spa this past weekend while visiting a friend.  I loved the entire experience - it was a truly amazing massage and I loved the tea, the foot soak and just the ambiance of the place.  I highly recommend this place - I still feel relaxed two days later!
I've been to Flic twice and can't wait to go back again.  Who knew you could find a great spa experience in a Bloomfield storefront?  The owners are exceptionally attentive and friendly, and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome and pampered.  The decor and atmosphere are soothing and have an Asian/Pacific Islander theme (this also influences the style of massage and other treatments).  One of the best things is the signature foot soak and scrub that starts each treatment.  They bring in a hand-hammered copper basin filled with rose petals and steaming water and let you soak and relax to get yourself into the spa mindset.  Then they administer a relaxing foot scrub.  Heaven!
I booked a couples massage for valentines day at Flik. The service was wonderful right from the start! From the warm foot bath to the hot stone massage and phillipino mimosas - everything was perfect! Bravo! A must! Spoil yourself at Flik!
Best massage I have ever had! I've had knots since I can remember and Larry made them all go away. The whole atmosphere of the place is very relaxing from the staff to decor to service. I highly recommend this place and will be going regularly.
I just returned from my first Spa experience at Flic Spa and it was absolutely wonderful. The staff is extremely nice and the atmosphere immediately put me at peace. My therapist, Oliver, made the experience most relaxing and soothing. The sea salt foot soak and scrub felt incredible combined with delicious tea and sensual aromas. Next, I had the Swedish massage, which released any tension that I was feeling previously in my muscles. And the facial was just as relaxing. The best part is that you stay in the same room for all treatments and maintain a peaceful mindset. A Most Relaxing Experience!
My husband got me the Bali package for Valentine's day this year and I finally got a chance to redeem it.  I was very happy he found this place!  I just came back from the 3-hr experience and I'm extremely happy and can't wait to go back.  I love it that you have your own room and everything is done in that room, only time you need to get out of the room is if you need to shower/go to the bathroom.  My therapist Nicole was excellent, she made me feel like I'm a VIP!  Can't wait to go back!
Best spa I've been to;).  It's a surprise getaway in the middle of a busy and bustling street.  When you walk in, it is immediately aesthetically pleasing to the eye, and you start feeling serene.  I had the Diwa Special package. You are greeted and brought to your room. I learned that each room has a theme.  My room had a Philippine Balinese feel. I then had some R and R with soothing music and exotic tea for 10 minutes while my foot was soaked in a copper bath filled with rose petals, essential oils and a floating tea light candle.  Then I got an invigorating foot scrub.  And on to the Philippine inspired hilot massage which included stretches.  It was heavenly, and unlike any massage I've gotten.  I'm definitely going back to try the other pacific massages they have to offer.  And it's a getaway without flying to one!
I'm not sure how many people of my type would be enlisting the services of this type of spa but I'm a male in my late 20's and I decided to try out one of the many massages offered.  I believe it is a special currently being run for Valentine's Day which included foot reflexology and hot stone therapy.  It was described as Hawaiian Lomi Lomi?  I'm usually a spendthrift individual but when I find quality products, I tend to splurge.  In this case, I was going in semi-blind (only with yelp reviews in my arsenal), but in the end, it was worth every penny. I had a female therapist named Denise(I may be off on the spelling).  To say it was relaxing is way understating it.  There were a lot of details in this massage that I've never quite experienced before, and I've never been hit so much during a massage, but it was great.  I was a piece of beef jerky going in and left like a fruit rollup.  The massage felt like it had a narrative, entering the Hawaiian jungles, encountering some rough terrain, happening upon some native parakeets, stretching out to feed them, bathing in a waterfall, and finally waking up from this dream, fully refreshed.  There is absolutely no doubt that I will be returning, I do recommend this place, and I will be requesting the therapist I had last time.  I've heard of other therapists at this spa being of high repute, so it begs one to wonder, is there a massage therapist farm somewhere in North Jersey that the Flic Spa is tending the proverbial crops for?  Where do they find such magical individuals?  There are some mysteries of the Flic Spa that I will gladly accept and not question any further.  SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY HERE, YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
eEeEe!!! It's that time of year again... MOTHER'S DAY!!!  Every year I look forward to the promotion Flic Spa offers for that special lady in your life that loves you even when you hate her.   This year my mother is out of the country so she'll be missing Mother's Day...BUT... luckily Flic allows you to purchase the special even if you use it for a later date! #winning #momsalwayswin On a bonus note, you can absolutely purchase this special for NOT A MOM!  You can be dad, god mother, best friend or...shhh... yourself!  They do not scan your ID for proof of children, lol.  The holiday is all about sharing some peace of mind with someone you drive crazy and letting them know that at least once a year you get the royal treatment. This year's special is a MUST HAVE!!  They are offering a facial AND Pacific Massage!!!!!   First off I love how un-invasive their facials are.  I've come out from a few other places bruised and bleeding =(  I haven't found my "favorite" spa for facials yet, but for sure Flic is not on the "hated list"!  Its a perfect amount of good.   Now on to the Pacific Massage.  If you are a spa goer understand this is not your average swedish, deep tissue or hot stone.  Flic's Pacific Massages are special in technique and style.  My Bestie and I have already tried and fallen in love with this massage!  It looks like more than once gift certificate will be purchased from my end.   Plus, how beautiful is this spa?!!!  Just sitting in the reception area is calming!  I love the detail and wearing of the antique furniture, which really add character and personality.  Some "spas" can come off hard or clinical-ish... NOT Flic! If the ambiance of the waiting area is calming, imagine how divine the treatments are. GO ALREADY!!!!  You won't be disappointed.
I enjoy getting a massage, but only when I feel like I get a good deal. This is a GREAT deal. Love the ambiance and the complementary foot soak and tea. I was so relaxed even before the massage began! I give it 4 stars because the massage (by Chrismerry) was average, nothing special.
I have been going to Flic for years and it is by far the best massage experience I have had. I've been to dozens of spas around the world (not bragging, just true) and I have never come across the personal attention, professionalism, intimate setting and service they provide. A wonderful bonus: make sure you make room in your schedule for an additional 15-20 minutes. They serve tea and let you unwind for a while before a soothing foot bath before every massage. They give you a lot for your money. Have sent many people there and they all go back. Actually heading there today!
AMAZING! I've been to some great 5-star spas but this little gem is right up there.  The staff is incredibly sweet, my massage therapist Tiffany was excellent and the atmosphere is very serene and relaxing.  Can't wait to go back!
LOVE this place. When you spend your hard earned money on a massage, (which i do every month) you want to enjoy it.  I  recently moved to the area and this place was recommended and I continue to do so, too.  Besides the massage being amazing, there is a added value.  It is generally difficult to come running in of the street and put yourself in the frame of mind to relax and enjoy your treatment.  With the 10-15 minute foot ritual (and tea) this makes it VERY easy to wind down, relax, and enjoy.  And afterward you have many options to grab a bite to eat like the sushi bar next door.  BTW, avoid the candles at Flic all cost. They are addictive!  (love mine!)
It was time to de-stress...found Flic in Bloomfield on the net...walked thru the door and escaped from the world. The decor, sounds and smells were perfect. Their attention to detail to relax you even before the massage is amazing. These people really know how to create an experience. I've been to quite a few spa's in my time...gotten only  a handful of great massages (being 6'5" tall and 225 pounds I 'm a client and a half lol) but today, Pricilla's massage was off the charts and she set the bar. She gave me a 90 minute deep tissue combination massage and instinctively found every knot and stress area. It was weird because it was like she was communicating with my muscles and they were listening to her...she obviously aced physiology and. anatomy in school. And here is the kicker, she was as strong at the end of the massage and she was in the beginning. I am sitting here not sore and entirely relaxed writing my first review and it feels so awesome. Thank you Lerrick for creating the ambience and thank you Pricilla for the amazing massage...I will see you again.
Great atmosphere, relaxing sounds, got excellent massage reviews from other clients. I gave the massage as a gift and waited in the lobby area for my friend who was receiving the massage. One bad thing about my experience (to be clear: I can't say anything about their massages and I still believe they are great based on the reviews) was that they didn't seem to like the fact that I was going to wait in the lobby. One girl asked me if I was sure that I was going to wait 2 hours. The other lady told me they don't have a recepcionist and she locked the doors so no one could come inside during the time of the massage she was giving my friend and just told me to make sure it was locked if I left the place. She didn't tell me "do not let anyone in". So a customer came in and knocked on the door, I opened the door (ok it wasn't my place to do it, but I did tell her they didn't have a recepcionist available). The lady came out and gave me a dirty look like "why did you let her in"? Then she told the client who wanted to purchase a massage that she had to come back in 2 hours. And with a little attitude she told me not to open the door again. I think they should have a recepcionist at all times. If I was that customer looking to buy a massage I would have not liked to hear: please come back in 2 hours. That's all. As for the massage, my friend really enjoyed it.
