Best BBQ in Buffalo - hands down.  Restaurant setting isn't great, but that kind of adds to the whole BBQ experience.  Service is quick, people are great.  Food is out of this world.  The pulled pork, chicken and everything is wonderful.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the macaroni salad but that's just because I don't like celery and there were large chunks in it!   We have had them cater several events too and it's great.  Everything is prepped and ready, they supplied silverware and it was great.   Best BBQ in Buffalo.
We used to have this senior executive guy work at our firm and he was from the south and remember him saying that the best, and only real good place for bbq, was Kentucky Gregs.  He was right.  This place does have the best bbq neat in the area... BBQ:  Excellent Sides:  Much left to be desired.  I have gone to places in Carolina and other southern states and their sides are usually just as assume as their bbq.  Not so much here though the fried okra is good. Service:  Always good All in all a clean spot with great bbq,  friendly service and leave feeling stuffed!
Where else can you get a filling meal for 2 for $10?! Having never experienced Kentucky Greg's before, a fellow Yelper and I sat down with a mission of trying their famous roasted pulled pork sandwich. At $7.99 for a full sandwich and coming with two sides -- it's a steal. We opted to pay 50 cents extra for coleslaw on top. The sandwich was cut and half and we split it; it was plenty of food: with pork that was slow cooked for what seemed like days with delicious fresh coleslaw on top. There's Kentucky Greg's BBQ sauce on the table that I advise you to liberally apply to any sandwich you get here -- it makes it juicier, tastier and the sauce is delicious. We also had some cornbread + coleslaw as a side and a side of Texas toast. That toast...I don't know how they do it, but it seems charbroiled and full of flavor. Totally delicious. This is a preemptive rating based on that sandwich alone and the kind service we received. The waitress was super sweet and didn't bat a false eye that we took up a table and had our final check be only $10. There were plenty of seats open so I don't think it was a big deal. I'm a fan; what a great taste of southern charm in Depew!
It's been awhile since I was here, but it's a great place. I was vacationing with my family and I flew to buffalo from where I live in Lexington, so when they suggested having BBQ at Kentucky Greg's I wasn't thrilled but I was happily surprised by the food. Delicious chicken! The servings are huge!!!
Fantastic BBQ joint for sure!  I usually get the pick 2 meats combo.  Generally I get the pulled pork as one of them, but I have also had the half chicken and the smoked polish sausage.  The baked beans are an amazing side, and I don't even really like baked beans, but I LOVE them here. The BBQ is extremely flavorful and delicious.  I was not crazy about the smoked polish sausage, however.  Suzy Q's smoked sausage is unparalleled.  Half chickens here, though, are awesome.  They give you an option of white or dark meat.  It's good if you want one kind, but sometimes I want a little of both.  I end up going with the white meat usually.  I'm honestly not sure if you can get both. The texas toast is OK.  I prefer the corn bread.  Sometimes I ask to substitute for corn bread and they still give you texas toast.  The prices are reasonable, though.  A nicer beer selection would be a good thing to see.  They also accept credit cards, which is nice. Overall, this is an awesome BBQ joint.  I personally think Suzy Q's is better; however, I give credit to Kentucky Greg's for being an amazingly close second!
I came here based on the suggestion of fellow Yelpers, and I was not disappointed! On the exterior, it definitely seems a bit sketchy, but one could argue that it's authentic. The service inside was great, and they sat me and served my food quite quickly. I had a pulled pork sandwich with some delicious cornbread. They stock the tables with various sauces to put on your sandwiches, which was a nice touch. My problem with the restaurant were the uninvited guests that joined me at my table. I was seated by the window, so it was definitely warmer than the rest of the establishment. The issue, however, was that too many flies were congregating in that area of the restaurant, and it made me a tad uncomfortable. Thank goodness I was out of there within 40 minutes, otherwise I would have been completely skeezed. If you do visit on a warm day, I would simply suggest that you sit far from a window!
Soup of the month (February 2014) homemade beer soup. It's omg so good! I actually had a dream about this soup days later. Must make it back before the month is over. My favorite thing to order here are the ribs, they are so tasty and just fall of the bone. For me half a slab with 2 sides is more than enough food, but I do like to other the whole slab and take some ribs home, they are still really good the next day. The last time that I visited it was on a Friday so I decided to give the fish-fry a try, which comes with two sides. Wow that was a lot of food. The fish is huge lightly battered and fried. I like that it wasn't really oily (even though it's obviously fried) the batter is crispy and not really thick. Just the way I like it. My favorite side items to order are fried okra and baked beans.
I love this place. Half a chicken, all white meat with corn bread, coleslaw and baked beans for $10. So tasty and so much left over. I honestly believe this is the best barbecue place in buffalo. Friendly staff and service so quick I didn't even have a second to pick up my phone before the food was out. 5/5
I was here and ordered a sampler platter. I also stole a few ribs and fries off of a friend's plate: * bbq chicken thigh/leg: meh, totally average * pulled pork: delicious * ribs: Very, very good, but I have had better * fried okra: Gotta be honest, I totally expected the yankees to screw this up, but they were delicious * collard greens: Another southern dish that I expected to be subpar, but was delicious * french fries: meh, also totally average I'm not a huge corn bread fan and I ordered a lot of other food, so I didn't try it. The prices were so reasonable.  A solid 4 stars. Darn it, I just realized I should have tried their sweet tea, assuming they have proper brewed sweet tea.
I will break down my review into key elements so you can understand why I have given this restraint 4 stars. My benchmark is sticky lips in Rochester, so i suppose if you are not a fan then you can disregard my review. I got 1/2 rack with chicken and two sides. BBQ: The most important thing about a BBQ place. They nailed it! Fall off the bone as close to melt in your mouth smoky goodness money can buy. They have it down. 5 stars. Sided: What meal is not complete but with a side to go with that? -potato salad: potatoes cooked perfect, what you expect from your grandmother at the family reunion. 4.5 stars -Corn bread: was a little dry. Not the best corn bread i have ever had. Nothing to write home about. 3 stars -French fries: out of a bag? Maybe, stock kinda stuff. 2 stars -Mac N cheese: Wait? What? They dont have it? This is BBQ right? -1billion stars. There ya have it folks.
I could go on and on about this joint, but let me lead with this endorsement; My wife and I had Greg cater our wedding.  He brought the smoker and made any neighbor not invited jealous with the smell of smoked meat! We had chicken, pulled pork, beans, mac and cheese, greens, and many people let us know that it was the best reception food ever.  No baked ziti! When visiting the restaurant, you get your food quick, it's hot, and really, reasonably priced. Try the fried banana pepper app, and although the pork products are great, don't overlook the chicken. COMBO?
Service was standard. Ribs had a great smokey flavor but were overpriced, over seasoned, tough and dry.
Had the barbecue pork platter with collard greens, baked beans and corn bread. Having just had 'cue in Texas, I can say it compares very favorably. Frankly, the beans and greens are better here than they were in the Lone Star state. I'd give it  five stars if they had a local beer or two on tap.
The food was amazing. We went around 8 pm and that seems like a perfect time to go. Great service and all around good time.
Freaking loved it! Giving it a 5 for BBQ in WNY because I have yet to have better BBQ in the region... Didn't have the highest hopes based on the reviews of some Yelpers opinions that I tend to trust, but I will let you in on a little secret about BBQ... At least in WNY or locales not known for it... GET. THE. RIBS. Always always always get the ribs. And if you don't like the ribs or fatty meat in general, expect to be disappointed. Also choose your sides wisely. If you think it's not made in house, it's probably not (but I think everything here was made in house). Ordered the St. Louis ribs & chicken combo (1/2 rack, 1/4 chicken), dark meat chicken. Collards, black eyed peas, and Texas toast on the side. It was SO GOOD. The ribs are tender, meaty and bursting with flavor. The chicken was moist and well spiced. The collards and pidgeon peas needed salt, but they were great, and each side had HUGE pieces of bacon in it! YUM! The toast was even good but I literally only got a bite of it since I was stuffed by the time I got to it. Tasted my dad's gumbo- it was really good in my opinion, but REALLY smoky, almost burnt tasting. I honestly liked a lot but dad likes Chester's gumbo much better (I prefer Greg's!). We got the cheese fries too. Ooof. Really pretty good, but plain. It's nice that the cheese is real cheddar but it needs seasoning. Something like Lawry's Season Salt or a creole season salt dusted on these fries would send them into much better territory! Also tasted the white meat chicken (dry! no wonder people weren't crazy about it), pulled pork (VERY good!), and the house made sausage (excellent, tender, but garlicky). My experience here was great, and Kentucky Greg himself even stops by to make sure you're enjoying your meal! Good stuff. I would recommend this BBQ over One Eyed Jack's, Fat Bob's, and Famous Dave's. It's MUCH better... And the portions are HUGE! A half rack here is 6 meaty ribs. It's only 4 semi-meaty ribs at One Eyed Jack's. Plus Greg's sauce is MUCH better! not as vinegary. If I crave BBQ, this is where I will come... For RIBS! Spend the extra few bucks and enjoy your meal. You won't regret it!
Kentucky Greg's is good.  It's a very char broiled form of barbeque.  I met Kentucky Greg himself and he has that southern charm that makes you say, "I want to eat all the barbequed animals that this man can cook for me".  He could probably barbeque a polyester shoe and make it taste good, his barbeque is seriously that good. His barbeque sauce is a bit too tomato-y for my taste.  But the ribs were the best, followed by the chicken, and then the beef.  Eating at Kentucky Greg's is as unpretentious as the food itself.  The salty caramel pie looked as good as a cold iced tea on a hot southern summer day. The fried banana peppers!!! OH THE FRIED BANANA PEPPERS!!!! This place probably would have gotten 5 stars if I had not eaten barbeque at Smoke on the Water two nights earlier.  That is not to say that Smoke on the Water is better than Kentucky Greg's - it isn't.  But they're so close together and the quality of their barbeques is so high that it's hard for me to distinguish who is better. Both places make downright delicious barbeque that is frankly a surprise to find in a barbeque desert like Buffalo (no offense Buffalo).  Maybe Buffalo isn't a barbeque desert after all.
Friendly efficient service in a old fashioned type atmosphere, locals abound, prices decent....the food? they give you good sized portions of adequate BBQ (hardly great though), hot sauces adequate but not that hot......my favorite were the baked beans which were outstanding! Overall a nice place to go to if you're in the area, but not for true BBQ fans.
I have to say, I had really high hopes going in to this place and actually tried to find things I loved, but I kept hitting walls like my chicken being SUPER dry (like, I was drinking water along with it until I gave up), too-burnt Texas toast (I love me some crunch, but not when it makes everything taste like old lighter fluid), and the lack of any discernibly healthy side dish (no, fried veggies or sugary beans don't count!). BUT, I did love the portabella appetizer we ordered - nothing too fancy: a smoked mushroom cap smothered in blue cheese and balsamic glaze, but good flavors... and the smoked kielbasa I had was absolutely delicious. I liked it a lot. I tried a bite of the corn bread, too, which was decent but also a little dry. I know I didn't have the ribs, or the pulled pork, or anything deep fried... but I still feel like I should be able to expect a juicy piece of chicken from a BBQ joint! I could have looked past the other downfalls, but when your mouth can't produce enough saliva to chew a piece of chicken... you know you're in trouble. We plan to visit again sometime in the next year or so, so I'll reassess at that time and hopefully catch a better night. I'm sorry, Kentucky Greg's, I really want to love you!
Inviting.   Awesome gumbo.   Smoked beef Texas toast yummy Collard greens.  Oh so Goooood !!!
This is one of those gems that I sometimes find traveling. Fantastic barbecue ribs that nearly fall off the bone. Very very good sauce. I also ordered the gumbo. Didn't expect that on the menu, but it was awesome! The only downside to this whole experience is the lack of beer selection, but don't let that stop you. This is the best ribs I've had in a long time. Very easy for me to give a 5 star rating.
I originally went to the Kentucky Greg's in OP (now closed), but have been stopping by the George Urban location for take out.  Can't comment on eating in, but they have a small counter you can sit and wait for take out or eat at if you are going solo.  The rest of the place has a nice country/BBQ joint vibe. I am not looking for anything fancy when I am eating BBQ! The most important thing is the meat.  Everything I have tried from the ribs, pulled pork, BBQ Chicken, Sausage has been great. They have various combos and sandwiches. You get extra sauce with your take out.  I am not a spicy-type person, but their regular sauce has enough of a kick and a lot of flavor. If you are a mild/medium wing sort of person, you will be fine!  I once did get a quarter chicken that seemed like a runt, but it was still tasty and I was full. The meat has a great flavor and you get decent sized portions.  I have had friends who have had the gumbo and then come back and get it by the quart! For the sides, I usually stick to the coleslaw (vinegar type base) which is crunchy and they keep in a separate container for takeout, fried okra which is awesome for someone like me that has never really had okra, and the cornbread which is pretty decent.  Most things come with a smoked flavor Texas Toast.  If I had any suggestion, it would be to have a serving of Mac and Cheese as a side! I think they have it on their catering menu, but it would be awesome as a side.  You again get good serving sizes along with the meat. Desserts are also very good.  I have had the peanut butter pie when I have had a sweet-tooth attack and it did not disappoint. They also have pecan pie, mile high mud pie, key lime, and some others.  They have some specialty cupcakes like sweet potato, Mississippi mud, as well as their big pig sugar cookies and brownie pops.  They make a nice treat to go with your dinner or it is easy to stop by to get just a dessert if you need it. All the staff I have dealt with are friendly and courteous. My take out has come out fast and they seem to appreciate their customers.  I would love to have catering from them at some point!  Don't overlook this suburban Buffalo gem!
We have been customers of Kentucky Greg's for almost as long as they have been open.  Greg is a fixture in the Buffalo Barbecue community, and is a genuinely nice guy as well.  At this point I've had nearly everything on the menu except for the turkey sandwich, and truth be told there's nothing I wouldn't recommend depending on what you're in the mood for.  I would recommend their pulled pork and chicken most, but be sure to choose baked beans for one of your sides.  The side items are all good, even the fries which are, well, fries.  The prices are extremely reasonable. Kentucky Greg's is a great family restaurant and as long as you are looking for that type of atmosphere you cannot go wrong.  Enjoy!
This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had outside the South/Midwest. The Brisket and Chicken are nothing special and I've never tried the Ribs (though I have heard they are phenomenal, but they're out of my price range), however this place KNOWS how to do their pulled pork. Get the sandwich for $6, add the coleslaw, and squirt a lot of their home made BBQ sauce on it... perfection. Their sides are okay, but their TEXAS TOAST which usually comes with the dinners, is a dream, so get that instead of a side! Or get Corn Bread, which they do well. Best Pulled Pork in the North... one of the best Pulled Pork sandwiches I've ever had. There isn't any point eating any other BBQ in the Buffalo area. This is the place. End of story. Y'all remember that, now. Updated: If this was a movie about a guy from Louisville robbing a Bacon & Pork farm, then it would be called "Kentucky Greg's Piggery Hit". But it's not. So. This is not only the best BBQ in Western NY, but anywhere in USA outside the "BBQ hubs" of KC, Texas, Tennessee and the Carolinas. It's phenomenal! Recently went back to try a sampling of their entire platter full of stuff. My goodness! So yes the Pulled Pork is the star of the show and is absolutely incredible, but the ribs are utterly amazing too, as is the divine sausage! The only thing I am perhaps not a fan of is the Brisket, it's good but not the best, and I usually love Brisket, so I recommend the three aforementioned things instead. As for sides, well everything is good but especially the Texas Toast (get a side of it and thank me later), the mac & cheese, and the beans, nomnomnom. And Corn Bread! Wow! old reviews: This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had outside the South/Midwest. The Brisket and Chicken are nothing special and I've never tried the Ribs (though I have heard they are phenomenal, but they're out of my price range), however this place KNOWS how to do their pulled pork. Get the sandwich for $6, add the coleslaw, and squirt a lot of their home made BBQ sauce on it... perfection. Their sides are okay, but their TEXAS TOAST which usually comes with the dinners, is a dream, so get that instead of a side! Or get Corn Bread, which they do well. Best Pulled Pork in the North... one of the best Pulled Pork sandwiches I've ever had. There isn't any point eating any other BBQ in the Buffalo area. This is the place. End of story. Y'all remember that, now.
I'm glad I stumbled across Kentucky Greg's! I came in for dinner around 5:30 pm earlier this week on a very cold night. I was surprised to see Gumbo on the menu - how the heck could one find good Gumbo in Buffalo? I asked my server about the Gumbo - she said it was really good. So I ordered the Gumbo and an order of the fried Catfish appetizer and a side of French Fries, plus a glass of water with lime. The Gumbo was brought out first. I tasted the roux - Wow! This is really good! Dark, bold, delicious! The chicken and sausage in the Gumbo were ridiculously tender. I could eat this Gumbo every day! I ate about half the bowl, then added some of their own house Habanero sauce to see what it would be like kicked up! Awesome! Their Habanero sauce is really good - a nice intersection of heat and good flavor! I probably should not have ordered the fried catfish - it was hot, crisp, and delicious, as were the French Fries. But I was pretty full after eating the Gumbo! You can buy bottles of their hot sauce to go - I bought two bottles of their Habanero sauce to take home! Service was good - I will most definitely be returning to try other menu items during my next trip to Buffalo - I need to try the Ribs, Pulled Pork, and sausage!
I have been going here since I was in high school, I graduated HS in 1997, It will be well over a decade that I have enjoyed this gem.   This place is authentic BBQ made by people who love doing it.  It comes out in their food and the service. Gumbo is not necessarily a BBQ staple but they do it well, they do it VERY well. Their pork is my favorite in WNY and their chicken is up there.  The ribs are pretty good but my only item that I do not enjoy as much and its just personal preference.  It is more of a sliced roast beef that has been smoked as opposed to a brisket, which I much prefer.  I would LOOOOOVE for Greg to attempt brisket but I am more than happy to keep returning for the pork.  Sorry Greg, no brisket is the reason I didn't go all stars. Sides are all good, usually get collared greens and black eyed peas but fries are good crispy shoestring type.  Potato salad is very good and macaroni are my other go to items. Desserts are pretty good and they seem to be getting better at it in the past few years.  My wife loved the pretzel fudge pie, which is too sweet for me but the peanut butter pie is probably my favorite thing anywhere so its not hard to please me in this department.  Cookies and cupcakes are plentiful there as well and they are also tasty, which is somewhat important. Fun side story. My wife is also a fan of this restaurant for the texas toast they serve as a side.  She loves the grill flavor and reminds her of camping.  She loves it so much that when I proposed to her I got an entire box of toast and some gumbo and when I gave it to her I had to tell her she was eating around a ring box because she was too busy dipping bread in gumbo. Thanks for the food Greg
Best Ribs Ever! Ok, I should explain that some people love their ribs with dry rub and smoked until it has a visible bark, which also makes it DRY.  Some folks prefer baby back ribs like fat b*st*rd in Austin Powers. Me?  I prefer St. Louis style because it's meatier and juicier AKA fattier, and I like the smoke flavor, but I don't want ribs that are like shoe leather... I want falling off the bone but not mush like so many chain restaurants serve. So when we tasted the ribs at Kentucky Greg's we instantly proclaimed them the best we have ever had.  Great hickory smoke flavor that you can smell the minute you pull up to the place... made us drool on arrival!   And so juicy and tender, but enough bite that you can sink your teeth into and then pull the meat off the bone. The Texas toast was odd, I think they toast it on the same grill as the BBQ... smoke it great for ribs, not so great for bread.  But who cares, we weren't there for the toast! LOL! The beans were a bit sweeter than we like, but speaking of sweet... the Peanut Butter pie...  sweet but incredible!   And speaking of sweet... Greg himself is a sweet southern gentleman from Kentucky... honestly, the folks at this place are as warm and welcoming as you will find anywhere. We will be back... in fact we will likely make a trip from Toronto to Buffalo just for the ribs at Kentucky Gregs!   Just writing this review makes me want to go back soon!
I was really disappointed with my first ever Kentucky Greg's experience. I had the "create your own platter" combo with sliced beef and pulled pork with sides of potato salad and Mac salad. Both the pork and the beef didn't have the smokey flavor I was looking for in a BBQ place. You could tell that both the macaroni and potato salads weren't homemade and it kinda put a damper on the meal; also the corn bread was dry. The service at Kentucky Greg's was great! We were welcomed when we walked in the door and our waitress checked in on us throughout the meal. I would have to say the best part of the meal was the restaurants BBQ sauce. I was a big fan of the tangy and little bit of spice that came from it. I'll definitely go to Kentucky Greg's again and give it a second chance with the hopes that they were having an off day.
Decided to give this place another shot and see how the pork sandwich tasted. Glad I did too as the pork is definitely a step up above the beef here. Pork sandwich was everything the beef was not in terms of having smokey flavor and juiciness. Though the beef was a thicker sandwich, I'd take the pork next time. Also gave me a load of fries again, couldn't even finish them all. Definitely bumping them up a star from my last review. So FYI if you go here Beef=OK, Pork=Excellent.
Found this place on yelp and based on reviews decided to try it. BBQ chicken sandwich was really good. I also had the baked beans and cornbread. Both very good. My coworker had the BBQ pork and he said it was great. They pile the sandwich with plenty of meat too.
Amazing!!! The only thing I'm sad about with this place is that I don't live nearby and only have sub par BBQ places near me. If you are in the area and looking for a place for dinner GO HERE. The pulled pork was dry but tender, the side dishes were great, and the cupcakes we got afterward were delicious. Food was hot and came out quickly. Self serve seating is always a plus as well. Great quality at cheap pricing.
Based upon Yelp reviews, stopped in here while in the area on business. It's a rather small, country cooking type feel. I could tell a lot of people were regulars, which I appreciate when trying out places far away from home. I sat at the old school diner bar up front. Waitresses were very friendly & we struck up a conversation about running(and how much it sucks) Got the 1/2 rack of ribs, corn bread, baked beans & cole slaw.  For the amount of food you get the prices are Cheap! Ribs were great. They had a smokey flavor, which is how a good rib should taste. Baked beans actually had a little kick to them, which I prefer over the usual sweet. All in all, great place, friendly staff. I travel to Buffalo 3 weeks a yr & will go back every time.
Picked up a friend from the airport and turned to Yelp! to find lunch nearby. Quick service. Good food. I prefer my BBQ wet so I was glad they provided extra sauce. Paying the bill could have been more efficient - we waited a while to get our bill then weren't sure if we were supposed to pay on the way out or at the table. In the end, I'll likely give it another try if I'm in the area.
Great find! Friend and I visiting from pittsburgh tried and were very impressed! I'm from the south and found it beat out lots of famous bbq I've tried. Wonderful pulled pork, gumbo was a nice spice and the baked beans were savory! Would have liked a bigger beer selection but it was so yummy it didn't matter.
I figured based off the reviews that this place would definitely satisfy, at least by comfort food standards. If I'm going to eat unhealthy it better taste damn good! This, not so much. I probably give it closer to a 2.5 rating but I'll be nice cause the baked beans and the corn bread were pretty tasty. If this is one of the best rated restaurants in town...well..... yikes. Atmosphere not so good but the dirty blues on the stereo was a plus. I'd go eat the cornbread again.
So far 48 of the 55 reviews for this place are 4 and 5 stars. What did I miss when I went there? I had the pulled pork, cole slaw, corn bread and fries. The pork was on the dry side, I saved it with the sauce though, which was very sweet and added some of their homemade hot sauce. The corn bread came as a muffin which may have been store bought, as was the cole slaw? It was one of those 'tween meals, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great either, somewhere in between. I will say though that the prices are very reasonable and everyone there was VERY friendly, helpful and attentive.
Paying for your meal at Kentucky Greg's is like the last day of a 3 day weekend. Your sad that its over but hopefully you enjoyed every moment of the experience up to that point. This place really sets the bar for BBQ in WNY: good prices, good service and great food. When Dinosaur BBQ comes to Buffalo in October and the novelty of BBQ & Bikers entraps the people of WNY I'll skip the 3 hour wait for ribs and head directly back to Kentucky Greg's. My only gripe is its location in the southtowns. I wish it had a more central location but I'll still drive the 25 min for good food anyday.
Hard to believe I ate at the same restaurant as other reviewers. Really awful food, definitely not recommended. People who think the gumbo is good here need to get out more. Much better at Jason's Deli even. Had been really looking forward to this place but ended up very disappointed.
Great pulled pork!  BBQ chicken was good but collard greens, salad and dressing were just okay.  Dining companion loved her fried okra. Beer and wine selection extremely limited.
I enjoyed Kentucky Greg's, let me say that right off. I just wasn't as floored with it as I thought I would be. The BBQ was very good, but I suppose I was just expecting a bit more. That may also be because it was a 25 minute drive for me to get there and with other options closer your mind is tricking you to expect more than you should. Anyway the food. I ended up getting the fried pickles as well as the combo of a half-rack of ribs and a piece of BBQ chicken. Let's start with the pickles. They were deep fried spears, with a crispy breading. I've had some that had a real thick dough coating, I liked the crispy ones better. The ribs were deliciously above average. By that I mean, they were not knock my socks off good, but they are certainly better than your average steakhouse ribs. The flavor combination had that great balance of sweet, spicy, and smokey. I would get them again. Now the chicken. So you get a choice of thigh or breast, I asked for a thigh but received a breast. I'm not one to complain so I didn't say anything and just let it ride. We had a decent size party and this was the only error so I won't fault the server who was otherwise excellent. The chicken itself though was very underwhelming. My piece was very dry and though the sauce was good it didn't really seem like the BBQ flavor penetrated into the meat. Also the corn bread muffins just tasted like standard "add water, mix, bake" corn bread, though they didn't advertise homemade muffins or anything. Overall I think the food was good, just not stellar. If I was in the area or was in a group who suggested going there I would go, but I won't go out of my way to stop in to Kentucky Greg's again.
Nice place, very nice people and great food. Had the ribs :) Typical atmosphere of US restaurant.
Great place, great service- we brought Spanish exchange students here for some "American Culture" and they loved it
I'm living in Toronto now, but we have to cross the border every now and again to pick people up from the Buffalo airport, which is a cheaper place to fly. Last night we had to pick up a family member, with some vague plans to grab dinner after, before coming back across the border. When we found out he'd been bumped to a later flight, we were so bummed! We decided, what the hell, let's grab some food while we wait. I used the free wifi in the airport to look up nearby places on yelp, cos my kids were talking about wanting Burger King, and I didn't think I could stomach it. Hickory Pit? Depew? Hmm. This might be interesting. Reviews were stellar, and it was a mile away, and my youngest loves ribs. We took a chance. I am so incredibly happy we did! First off, the atmosphere is PERFECT. The parking lot smells like a wood fire, which seemed so inviting after the snow. Inside was cozy, with dim lighting, vinyl red checkered tablecloths, and a sign at the door: "Please seat yourself." We slid into a booth and took a look around. Next to us were a couple tables pulled together to accommodate a large family, the kids' faces covered in barbecue sauce and the adults engaged in a high spirited discussion. The waitresses wore T-shirts and jeans and were very friendly, but not so friendly they put me off (*ahem*, Outback - drives me nuts when waitresses sit at your table while taking your order). The walls were covered with old photos, newspaper articles, and they looked genuine - not like some marketing ploy made to give the place a history. This place HAD history. You could feel it. We ordered. My youngest son had ribs, my oldest had the beef platter with french fries. My husband had the pulled pork and I chose the same, figuring it was the thing to get. He went for potato salad as a side, with cornbread. I chose the Texas toast and baked beans. Neither of us were sorry, unless you count how sorry I got when I was full and couldn't eat any more. The pork? Melts in your mouth. The barbecue sauce has just enough of a kick that you can love it without it being too much for your kids, who may have more sensitive palates. The baked beans are heavenly, the cornbread moist and fall-apart yummy. The only person who wasn't happy with his meal was my youngest, who has suddenly decided he doesn't like smoked ribs. But don't let that affect your decision. He might decide he doesn't like water tomorrow. Both my husband and I tried his ribs, and they were a bit smokier than the pork, but absolutely delicious, and tender as can be. This place is *highly* recommended. Cheap as hell, delicious, and filling. We bought a pint of barbecue sauce to take back over the border, and thank god customs didn't taste or smell it. If they had, I have no doubt they would have kept it for themselves.   So if you wind  up in Buffalo and you're hungry, remember this place. Depew is just *right there* and Kentucky Greg's will make you feel like you just slipped into someone's home, and they've been cooking all day for you, and jeez. It's about time you arrived.
My own personal campaign is underway to make Kentucky Greg's the top rated BBQ restaurant in Buffalo. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was so smoky and moist that it really didn't need all the delicious homemade BBQ sauce I lathered on it!   The baked beans were excellent, as well. The service, the flavors, and the decor really take me back to BJ's, one of my favorite BBQ joints in Dallas (sorry, Kentucky Greg, I have a Texas BBQ bias).   So glad Greg followed his better half to Western NY!
Buffalo may not be known for barbecue, and with Rochester right around the corner having two amazing megaliths of the barbecue variety, namely Dinosaur and Sticky Lips, it is very tempting to write Buffalo off as a contender and take the 45 minute drive to Rochester (which I have done a number of times).  Then I discovered Kentucky Greg's, and with it a glimmer of hope arose from this tiny hole-in-the wall in Cheektowaga.  I've tried just about all of the Buffalo barbecue joints (Fat Bob's (don't waste your time), One-Eyed-Jacks, BW's, etc...) and I will hereby certify (with whatever authority I have been vested with) that Kentucky Greg's is the best in the area (with BW's as a close second for its ribs only).   As soon as you park here you are assaulted with the sultry aroma of smoked meats, instantly creating a Pavlovian salivation response.  (Of course if you ever pull up to a barbecue joint and aren't overwhelmed with the smell of smoked meats, you should probably run away as fast as you can)   When I go to Kentucky Greg's I always order the Gumbo, which is excellent and right up there with my NOLA favorites.  (Aside: Shango (on Main) also makes a nice Gumbo)  This Gumbo is thick and dark roux based, made with their homemade smoked sausage in lieu of Andouille.  This is the way Gumbo should taste...not some thin soup with okra floating in it.  Of course, the Brunswick Stew is also quite excellent and also recommended. As for the barbeque, I usually stick with the pulled pork* and the ribs, they are always excellent.  Western New York has not figured out how to correctly barbecue beef brisket (gotta goto Texas) so I mostly avoid the same.  Their smoked sausage and chicken are also quite nice. I also love the sides at Kentucky Greg's.  While Dinosaur BBQ  in Rochester stands out in my mind as the greatest sides of all time, Kentucky Greg's is a close follow-up.  Their baked beans are excellent and smoky, but the real winner is the fried okra.  Fried okra is amazing and it is so tough to find around here.  Even the aforementioned Dinosaur BBQ only does it like once a week.  At Kentucky Greg's you can get it every day, it is fresh, crispy and a great snack. The other thing I love about Kentucky Greg's is its vast array of hot sauces to choose from.  While you are presented with the homemade variety at your table, a nice fall back, they have many choices behind the scenes.  I always ask my server to bring me a variety of sauces (which creates an excellent dip for my fried okra).  They have some very flavorful and very hot varieties, but unfortunately they do not provide a bath towel to mop up after yourself. Kentucky Greg's is a wonderful hint of the Mason-Dixon cuisine in the heart of B-lo...enjoy!   *There has been many occasions when I have ordered large trays of pulled pork and baked beans for parties at my house.  This saves me about 10 hours at a smoker, and the guests always love it.
Greg's gumbo: pure cajun nectar!  The triple platter with ribs, chicken, and beef brisket is the way to go (the beef is probably the weakest of the three, but still good).  Soul food sides like collard greens and okra round things out nicely.  There's an impressive sampling of hot sauces too.  I like the cornbread better than the Texas toast (you can substitute). The only complaint about KY Greg's is that they only have Bud and Bud Light on tap.  That's kind of like swill and worse swill.  But good bottled beers are available.  And you might even experience a Greg sighting (complete with trademark Kentucky Wildcat hat).  Laugh not!  The guy's a genuine BBQ celebrity, truly worthy of a carnivore's admiration. Oh, and the one in Orchard Park is open.  But, at last check, they didn't have beer yet (although their northern location doesn't have beer either, ON TAP!!!  HA!).  Also, OP has communal seating and paper plates; maybe better for take out.
Kentucky Greg's is one of those no-nonsense restaurants that make Buffalo a great place for food lovers. They don't waste your time with overly flashy menus or try to impress you with fancy decor. What you get is the reason you go out to eat anyways, simply great food. The BBQ itself is always tender and juicy. I go for the black eyed peas and collard greens when I eat here. I would highly recommend this place to any BBQ lovers in the area.  Don't let the plain-jane exterior fool you, this is one of the best places to get BBQ for miles.
I don't have a whole lot to add since the other reviewers were pretty thorough, but I did want to put my two cents in.  This place is WAY better than Fat Bob's!  Don't waste your time there, go to Greg's.  We had pulled pork (fantastic, A+++), a half chicken (white meat was just the slightest bit dry, dark meat was great), beef brisket (very tasty, but part of it was dry), Texas toast (omg so good!), macaroni salad (really good, I would def. say homemade), cole slaw (average, but tasty) and corn bread (yum!) The service was really good.  I would say we had our plates in front of us all of 4 minutes after ordering.   This is a small, family run business and they did get busy after we got our food.  We had to wait a few minutes for our check, but no big deal.  Besides, I was so stuffed I could barely move.
On a drive to Toronto, we stopped off here based on the yelp reviews.  So glad we did.  Everything we had here was a winner.  Gumbo and Brunswick stew were winners.  Fried catfish too.  But the pulled pork on Texas toast is not to be missed.  Definitely worth the effort to find this place.  By the way, it's bigger inside and nicer than it looks from the outside.
Been there before but I just revisited it since it's been a while....I got the pulled pork sandwich with a side of cole slaw, and a side of potato salad..... The pulled pork was decent, and on Texas Toast....I like my stuff saucy and hot...They had a bottle of regular Greg's BBQ sauce on the table, and a bottle of Greg's Hot  Sauce....I went with the hot sauce, however it wasn't really hot, and had more of a vinegary taste....It was good but not hot.....So my other choices were also regular hot sauces not BBQ hot sauces....I like it when BBQ joints give you choices of BBQ sauces, rather than hot sauce even though I am a big hot sauce freak... So then I tried Krista's Jamaican Hot Sauce.....It was quite hot, but I was not a big fan of the flavor....The other choices were regular tabasco (meh), Greg's Habanero  Hot Sauce, and Greg's Jalapeno Hot Sauce....I ended up going with Greg's Habanero Hot Sauce - I combined this with his regular Hot Sauce....It was OK but I would have preferred a house made hot BBQ sauce..... The cole slaw was ok...It was fresh....The potato salad was quite good imo, cooked perfect and had a great taste....I am a big stickler when it comes to potato salad, so for me to say that is something......I will definitely be getting that again..... My gf got the 1/4 dark chicken , and she said it was delicious....In fact she gave it a 9 out of 10......She also liked the cole slaw..... Oh, and I was debating whether or not I wanted dessert....I guess I just couldn't resist the picture of the Peanut Butter Pie on the menu....The waitress said that was an excellent choice, and that it looked extra good today.....Boy, she wasn't lying....That peanut butter pie was ridiculously good !!! It was mousse-like, very gooey, creamy, and mmm, mmmm delicious......It was topped with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and peanuts......Soooooo  Goooood - will be getting again :-). Just save room for this as it is filling !!! Some of the hot sauce bottles could be cleaned up better....I will remove this comment if after my next visit they have been cleaned.
Well, I've waited a while to write this review and it saddens me to do this as I've had heard nothing but good things about this place. The Good: Very Friendly people, very accommodating, as we came with a party of 14. Soups were awesome, the gumbo was delicious!! Appetizers were also very Good. Desserts, amazingly good. The Bad: Yikes, the Ribs had very little meat on them, did not have that fall off the bone melt in your mouth texture. The BBQ chicken was just Blah, and the pork just kinda sat there, looking like someone just took the BBQ sauce off the table and splashed a little on top. We were sooooo disappointed, we really wanted to like this place, but the  Consensus was Unanimous, not worth a second visit :(
I've never had BBQ in the South, but I know what tastes good... and DAMN. Never mind the funny beer smell, or the fact that they only have 2 beers on tap. The service is friendly and quick and the food is amazing and very cheap even by Buffalo standards. I like everything on the menu, no joke. However if you're only going to get one thing get the ribs. Some of the best food ever. No really, ever. I know because I'm picky.
I was only in Buffalo for one night, and just to catch an early flight. I was delighted to find this BBQ spot just a couple of miles from the airport. I've had better BBQ, but it was still dang good--although I found the slathering of sauce on the meat was overpowering. If I returned I'd ask for the sauce to be left off, since there's a squeeze bottle of it on the table. I ordered a "build your own combo", which allows for 2 meats and 2 sides, plus grilled Texas toast. I had pulled chicken (very nice, but I did get a tiny bone--be careful!) and pulled pork, which seemed more sliced than pulled, and a bit dryer than I like, but tasty. For sides the fried okra turned out to be battered, and yummy, but a few was enough. The cole slaw was creamy good. I wouldn't be in a rush to go back, but if near the airport would give it another go. And I'd order a small sandwich instead of a platter...too much food!
Coworkers and I put Kentucky Greg's in heavy rotation for lunch stops during the week. I've had the BBQ Pork sandwiches (plain and Memphis-style [topped with coleslaw!]), ribs, the portobello hoagie with blue cheese and balsamic vinegar, fried okra, fried pickles, baked beans, cornbread -- everything is always fantastic, and the small-time charm of the restaurant and extremely reasonable prices keep me coming back. The desserts are also surprisingly good, with a wide variety of gourmet cupcakes, brownie pops, and pies available.
Talk about charming inside the tiniest hole in the wall! Passing by this place often, I've seen a no frills sign that says Barbeque or BBQ up in the air.  There are two small buildings that are very plain and simple and parking is wherever you can find it around the two buildings.   After telling myself " I have to try that place sometime", too many times, I pulled in tonight.   When I walked in I was amazed at the roominess and the pretty red checked, but not overdone, atmosphere.   I ordered a BBQ pork sandwich to go which is served on yummy Texas toast and tried a side of their beans.  Also tried their chicken and sausage gumbo. THREE MINUTES later, amidst all the diners and take away bags at the register, my order was packaged and I was out of there!  On Friday night!   The gumbo, cup size, seemed small but was hearty enough to make a nice lunch by itself. The sandwich looked small and lost in the box, with a small side of beans and some extra BBQ sauce in the container.   The sandwich was jam packed full of lean delicious pork (chunks). Half that sandwich and a taste of the beans and I was full from my gumbo appetizer! All this for $10 and I have lunch to look forward to tomorrow. Cannot wait to stop in again and try more things off the menu.  None of it looks boring and all of it is affordable.   They also have a catering menu I saw by the register but didn't get a chance to browse.  I commend their excellent customer service and food and am sure they could provide a memorable catered option out there. They have not seen the last of me!
It starts and ends with the gumbo for me.  Get a bowl of it and throw some barbecue sauce into it for good measure and you have one hell of a lunch. The pulled pork and other barbecue items are good as well.  They have some really good barbecue sauce too.  They make their honey mustard too if you don't feel like barbecue, my wife got chicken fingers last time. One negative that I can think of is they use instant tea.  That is one of my big pet peeves, brewed tastes so much better.  You'd think being a southern themed kind of place they would want some real sweet tea.
Friendly and fast, fast, fast service on a rainy day. Generous combo platter arrived with a healthy dollop of the house sweet tomato based sauce. Everything brightened up nicely with a shot or two of the spicy sauce on the table. Very good pulled pork, nicely chopped with bits of char.  Brisket had the nice pink ring and smoky flavor but that day it was a little too chewy.  Greens chopped nicely, some pork flavor but a bit subdued, needed some heat. Great macaroni salad. Only disappointment was the Texas toast, but I have noticed lots of BBQ joints serve lame bread, so maybe it's to be expected. In a nutshell, an excellent value. Definitely worth the visit, I'd be happy to go back on my next visit to WNY.
Finally a place to eat in Buffalo, great job Gregg, 10 STARS,  the gumbo is the BEST I have ever had including New Orleans. Add the spices back to the fires and there is no better BBQ on the East Coast, deserts are amazing to.
This place was killer. What a find! People and food were great! Go there!
The staff was great, and the portions generous, great BBQ chicken and pulled pork, the baked beans are a must. The corn bread was a little dry thou....but hey, wasn't there for the bread.
I would love to come back! I would rate this place a 5 if it weren't for a few bit picking. I came to this place for valentines day and she lives 100 yards away haha. there was alot noise because of the giant family sitting next to us but no big deal. The food came out very fast. I ordered the BBQ beef platter with fried ocra and corn muffins. The beef was a tad bit cold and the corn muffins weren't that great. The fried ocra was great and the flavor on beef was amazing. Will return soon.
My wife and I have now been living in California for the past 5 years, and we still talk about Kentucky Greg's.  We have been to St. Louis, we have been to Kansas City, yet when we think of BBQ it is Kentucky Greg's that we drool over. To all of you still in Western NY, do not take what you have for granted.  Greg's is serious authentic BBQ at a great price - go there... now!
The food was pretty good but not the best I prefer BW's barbecue on the service was very good and the restaurant staff is very friendly
Stopped in tonight after hearing about them via Restaurant Week advertising. For $20.12 I got a good sampling of the menu, so thought I'd give it a review. The pulled pork is great. Great. And I've eaten 'cue all around the south. The beef, however, isn't. It has a nice smokey flavor, but it isn't brisket. It's top round. It doesn't have the fat to stand up to that kind of treatment. Everything I read pointed me towards the gumbo, so I thought I'd give the Brunswick Stew a try. You should too! (I ate a fckng quart of it.) I imagine the reason most people haven't had it/reviewed it is because the know what gumbo is, but not what Brunswick Stew is. If you like BBQ, you'll like this stew. It's made with all sorts of ends and other pieces of meat that have been smoked but have fallen off during their journey from raw meat to smokey goodness, which lends the broth a great, deep flavor which compliments the corn and other veggies in it. It's a touch greasy, but not more so than your average beef soup. To round out the meal I had the coleslaw. I couldn't tell if it was a vinegar-based slaw, or a slaw with an actual appropriate amount of mayonnaise in it. I'd bet vinegar. I'd also bet you'd be happy to eat it. The exterior? Well, there's no exterior to speak of, really. Look for a sign that says 'BBQ' and pull in. There aren't any others around there. The interior, for a retro-fit restaurant, is quite charming. It took me by surprise for sure. In fact, it made me regret getting my order to go, but I'd look utterly foolish with a 1/2lbs of beef, 1/2lbs of pork, 1 quart of stew, and a thing (is that a measurement?) of slaw. At home I can just regret not getting all pork and how much I managed to eat by myself. Will certainly go back.
This man is a genius! A true artist of our time. The best BBQ in Buffalo with first class service every time. Highly recommended!
I guess by looking at my reviews you can start to see I like my BBQ. Well Kentucky Greg's is on the top of my list when I am in the Buffalo area. All the BBQ is top notch with no short cuts taken, great food takes time and you can tell by the quality of the BBQ Kentucky Greg's Hickory Pit takes their time to deliver the best in BBQ. Their sauce is a little on the sweet side but delicious.  I also really enjoyed all the regular sides that come with your traditional BBQ. It's cool to taste the small and subtle differences in the sides BBQ joints will send out with their BBQ items.
Can't say enough about the food. Been there many times and have never been disappointed. The take out is awesome too. Less than $10 for an awesome half chicken with sides and you only have to wait a minute or 2. Why would you ever go to a fast food joint again??  The amount of smoke flavor is perfect and it is authentic southern BBQ. The only way they could improve is by opening a location closer to my house!
Took me multiple tries to finally try this place b/c every time, I tried to come on a Sunday when they're closed.  But finally my brain registered this and I made the weekday trip out for good quality BBQ in Buffalo.  Came here for Restaurant Week and we got 2 entrees w/ bottomless drinks for $20.  Not a huge deal but I'd gladly come here on any day.  Pulled pork and beef brisket were as good as I've had anywhere else.  The waitress I had here was also really good - friendly and attentive.  Good food, good service, fair prices - win, win, win.
Real great Q!  Local feel, non chain atmosphere and really great food.  Pulled pork was moist and tender, smoky flavor.  Chicken was fall off the bone.  Really nice waitresses.  I'll try to come back sometime.
I love this place!!! Make sure to try out the catfish and gumbo.  The service, food, prices and music can't be beat! I'd come back here anytime..
Went here based on the good Yelp reviews, but I wish I hadn't.  Whoever said these ribs fall off the bone has obviously never had true fall off the bone ribs.  The rack I had should have been smoked for a LOT longer than they were.  And the sauce was, in a word, meh.  I suppose for NY these are probably good, but if you've had BBQ in any other state, I mean REAL BBQ, this place will disappoint you.  Edible yes, delectable, no.  I won't be back.
Great place, great food.  If you have never been there, you must try the world class gumbo.
An amazing Hole in the wall location! Was pretty hard to find since I'm from Amherst but I definitely wouldn't mind making the trip out again! I loved the smoked ribs, I had the St. louis style's and the ribs were pretty big! Lovely lovely spot!
The gumbo is phenomenal - wish I could take it home. The catfish and chicken tenders are great - crispy and moist. Try the pulled pork sandwich too. This restaurant is truly a hidden gem. Go .... As soon as you can. You'll thank me.
Awesome food, excellent service. Great prices , close to home! I visit often and enjoy it everytime. Great place to bring the family and not break the bank. Keep up the great work, I look forward to returning again soon.
Good home style cookin'.  This is the kind of place you expect to see on "Diners, Dives and Drivethroughs" on Food Network. The owners/wait staff were extremely friendly, the atmosphere very casual, it was busy, and the food was great. Fried banana peppers were a tangy good appetizer. Barbeque meals were on spot. I even got a free refill on my Bud Lite (yes, it's the small things in life). Only complaint from our party was that the polish sausage didn't have a barbeque sauce/flavor as expected.
This is the best place for BBQ in the area. The pulled pork is tender and smoked to perfection. Topped with their signature BBQ sauce it is amazing. I had a pulled pork platter with a side of baked beans and fried okra. The okra was not slimy at all and was a very bright green. The baked beans had that smokey flavor without any sickeningly sweet aftertaste. The service was great. They have half-pitcher drafts. Usually a coors or bud light. They have blue and heineken in bottles. They also have great iced tea and the standard fountain drinks. At least there's something still worthwhile happening in these buildings. Remember the custard at JoJo's...mmmmmm. Well, we'll just have to settle for really kick-ass BBQ.
Thanks yelp!  I live near a wonder joint called honky tonk in Chicago.  This place rocks.  If it wasnt for yelp I would drive past this unremarkable looking place.  Don't judge a book by the cover.  Pulled pork. Tender meaty and yummy.  Sauce is a little tangy. A little sweat and a wee bit zippy.  Had the slaw and Mac salad.  Slaw kicked it.  Put the slaw on the Texas toast add the pork. A little sauce.  Omfg.
Kentucky Greg's is the best barbecue in Buffalo, hands down, and some of the best I've ever had.  They blow Fat Bob's and BW's out of the water.  Notice, I said barbecue (pulled pork, chicken, beef brisket); their ribs are great but not excellent.   Come here for a platter with meat, 2 sides (cornbread, mac & cheese, awesome fries, macaroni/potato salad, okra, etc), and don't forget to start off with a bowl of AMAZING homemade gumbo or Brunswick stew.  You'll be full for a week, but you won't regret it for a second.  Attention to detail is key here -- even Greg's honey mustard is homemade, and excellent. This is a casual place; it looks like it used to be some kind of fast-food establishment.  But the service is attentive and often Kentucky Greg himself will come by to ask you how your meal is going.  If you're looking for high culture KG's isn't for you -- but then, neither is barbecue.  Or Buffalo, for that matter.
Best BBQ in Buffalo? I recently ate at Dino BBQ in Rochester and I think Greg's is much better. The pulled pork tasted better in my opinion and I LOVE the bread (texas toast). Sauces are delicious and the cornbread was excellent. Another draw were the prices...very reasonable! The only appetizer I got was the fried banana peppers which were yummmy! Would absolutley eat here again...
Exceptionally friendly and great service paired with some top notch BBQ. The waitress recommended the ribs and pulled pork which both hit the spot. She also said to try the gumbo but that was far too salty for my liking. I would also make the beans as one of my side dish choices, I'm not usually a fan of beans, but there tasty.
Best bbq pulled pork sandwich I've ever had.  As recommended by other users, the pork was so tender and tasty.  You can taste the wood pit!  I had a side of macaroni salad which was good not great but I came for the meat not the sides.  As soon as you get out of your car you can smell the pit and you become immediately excited.  I will be back soon to try the brisket.  Highly recommend this place.
The pulled pork sandwich is awesome, and the sauce has a nice spicy kick to it. Highly recommended. I even had a sample of their sausage combo and it is really good. The only reason why I don't give 5 stars is because the potato salad and cole slaw was not very food.
As we travel the US and Canada, we like to stop at BBQ places.  Kentucky Greg's was certainly good, but lacked some of the flavor that we normally like.  The BBQ sauces were fine but nothing special.  We'd certainly recommend stopping in and trying it as it was good.  Also, impressive that Kentucky Greg went table to table asking how everything was.  Worth the stop.
Tried out fried bananna peppers yummmm ..Amazing pulled pork sandwiches ... Gata go Memphis style!! Best beans and macoroni salad I have ever ate!
This is the best BBQ in the area for us because of its consistency, great flavors from meat to sides and a great BBQ menu items that we love. We are regulars and rate it as highly as any other local favorites for BBQ across the nation. We have eaten BBQ from Memphis to KC. and we like BBQ.  Buffalonians know they are lucky it is here. But for those who have not been there yet you should know they have a wonderful Friday fish fry too and you get the same great sides including the Texas toast.  When needed they are great for take out or doing larger amounts for a home party. We never needed to cater anything with them but that is a big part of their setup. Friendly service is evident as Greg is often around to see how you are doing and the wait staff often remembers you.
I went here based on all the positive reviews online and was not disappointed.  I had the pulled chicken sandwich on texas toast with a side of cole slaw.  The sandwich was a moderate size for the price and the toast was excellent.  The cole slaw was crunchy and more vinegar based than mayo; very delicious. We had an appetizer of fried catfish... it was incredible.  Super juicy and it was rolled in cornmeal before frying which gave it a great taste and texture. Our server was very nice, attentive, and quick.  I liked how they had a history of the business on each table, makes you feel like you are supporting real people, like you know them personally.   The only thing I did not like were the fries.  They were the super thin shoe-string kind that never taste anything like potatoes are are not crispy.
Their soups are so goooooood.... My favorite place for BBQ in buffalo!
This is one of my favorite BBQ restaurants in Buffalo, NY.  Real smoke flavor in their meats. I've had the ribs, pull pork, and chicken... all good.  Everyone there is so nice. Check it out, you will not be disappointed.
If they make a bad dish here, I haven't had it yet. The pork, chicken and beef are all soooo excellent. Tasty sides too!
My mouth started watering as soon as I sat down. I wasn't disappointed. I also liked the music selection definitely blues. The server was prompt and the food came Lightning 'Hopkins' fast.
This place is soooooooo good. The girls are so friendly.
Five star food and service! None of us had room for dessert, but plan on going back to try some of their homemade treats.
Went to this little BBQ as my wife and I were impressed by the number of positive reviews we had seen. Well we almost missed it as we drove by it but I am so glad we made it. I ordered a half rack of the ribs and my beautiful wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich. We chose baked beans, blackeyed peas, potato salad, and the fried okra. The ribs had just enough rub and smoke combination that it complimented not mask the flavor of the meat. The sides were all homemade and I must say the potato salad was my favorite but all the sides were very tasty. The portions were so large we had to take some home. The BBQ sauce was also home made and they gave us some extra to take home. To full to have desert that night but I have almost forgotten to tell you about the service. Our waitress asked us if we had been there before and since we hadn't she began to explain the menu options and side. All the wait staff were friendly and volunteered to ask us how our meal was and if we needed a refill of drinks, we were so happy with this place that we decided to return the next after spending the whole day at the fair we went back to share the mile high mud pie which was an extraordinary combination of ice cream, a little peanut butter, cookies and a chocolate shell. All I can say if you are in the area and you don't visit this place you do yourself a huge diss-service. If I lived near here we would be there at least once a week. LOVED IT.
Loved the pull pork sandwich! I am from the south so I was surprised at how good it was. Price was just right for what you got and it was more than enough. Service was fast as far as getting the food out to me but then it slowed down. The thing that bothered me was that I was only asked once if everything was ok and never was offered a refill until I was almost finished eating. I was alone and kinda of felt like since I was by myself that I did not need as much attention/customer service as a table of 2/3 people hence only giving it 4 stars.
I think this is the Best Barbeque in Buffalo. Gumbo is true southern cooking and full of flavour - I havent had any like this since the days I was New Orleans. If you want gumbo keep in mind the bowl is a meal in itself but they also have it by the cup  (so you can get it with barbeque). The barbeque is tender and falls of the bone like it should and pulled pork is great. Fried okra available as sides with some great baked beans (typical down south). I went there for lunch a few times and was really happy.
One of the best BBQ places in the area.  You will not be disappointed if you go into Kentucky Greg's.  All of The staff are nice and friendly, which you don't see a lot in Buffalo.  The food is excellent!  This place has the best ribs I've tasted in a while.  The cornbread was moist, and the baked beans edge delicious.   Really good!   Keep it up!
You seek BBQ because you want to eat meat.  Kentucky Greg?  He knows meat.  Most places I've had pulled pork it's been dry, and they need the sauce to keep it edible.  Not KG.  His pork is tender and juicy, no need for sauce, just like it should be.   The sauce that was on the meat?  Damned tasty. Sides:  Some BBQ places put a lot of effort into the sides, to the detriment of the meat.  KG keeps his eye on the prize.  The coleslaw was tasty, but not memorable, and the beans tasted a little like Jay Bush may have helped out.  I'm OK with that, because like I said, you seek BBQ for the meat.   Yeah, I'd go back.
Hands down the BEST you'll ever have. Extremely friendly staff, food that is to die for, don't even second guess coming here. The beans are smoked along with the meat and its amazing that it's not overpowered by the smoke. I'd be here every week if I didn't live in Hawaii!
Pretty good BBQ if you need a fix. I am rating slightly less than most here as I had the beef which the server said was "just like brisket". Was good but not brisket and I will try the pork next time. Texas toast and beans were VERY good. Great price and pretty good cornbread. I was going to ask how they do their smoking in 5 degree weather but saw the building next door with smoke billowing out and got my answer.
I had the barbecue chicken, which was ok. I'm not sure how they cooked it but it tasted barbecue the whole way through. It had a bit more sauce on it than I liked though. The hickory beans and the fried okra, on the other hand, were yummy. Service was prompt. The one thing that ruined my experience was the fly that was buzzing around me the entire meal. :p
This place was Awesome. Great food, great service. If I'm in the area again, this will be my number 1 place to return to. Don't let the outside appearance fool you. It's what is inside that counts.
Good solid ribs and pulled pork. Service was quick and nice. Best part has got to be the  hot chili sauces!!! They are quite spicy, just right for an avid spice eater like me. Jalapeño sauce is my fave although habanero was not too far behind. If you're on one of those Chinese tours and want anything BUT Chinese buffets, this place will brighten up your drabby day!
I was recently at Franklins BBQ in Austin, TX so I immediately knew the meal was going to be somewhat of a let down. I ordered the pork shoulder platter. The pork wasn't seasoned enough. The meat was very bland and dry. They covered it up with their own BBQ sauce which helped give it some flavor. The two sides I ordered were the collared greens which had too much liquid in it and the baked beans which were probably the best thing I ate on the plate. The place has potential. I liked the vibe inside. I'll probably give it another shot, order something else and hope for the best. Anyone that says that this place has great BBQ has never had great BBQ.
This is the type of local spot you dream of.  It had a great 'dive-type' ambiance.  The wait staff was extremely friendly, the food was PERFECT!  I got the BBQ chicken sandwich and a side of macaroni salad, both hit the perfect spot!  I would definitely come back to a place like this.
The food and service here are incredible would strongly suggest eating here.... Prices are great with an atmosphere to match, love the brisket collard greens and fried okra
This is why yelp is great. Needed a good spot to eat by the airport n found it..the pulled pork is amazing n the prices, wow. Beyond affordable.
Stopped for dinner while on Business in Buffalo.  Let me preface by saying I am a bit of a BBQ snob. I have visited many BBQ joints around the country and also BBQ myself. Started with the gumbo which was smokey, hearty and pretty good overall. Ordered 1/2 rack of St. Louis ribs with baked beans and cornbread for sides. The ribs were overcooked as the meat was a bit mushy and falling off the bone. Perfectly cooked ribs should not fall off the bone. They also tasted like they were reheated. Decent smoke flavor but didn't have that "wow" factor. The cornbread was dry and looked store purchased. The beans were ok but there was no bacon or anything extra in the beans.  Service was fine for a BBQ joint and prices are fair.  By 5:30 the place was filling up so the locals must like it. Overall not a bad BBQ  meal but nothing to rave about. I have had similar or better BBQ at national BBQ chains on good days.
Always looking for good BBQ and while on business recently I discovered Kentucky Greg's. I'm not big on eating alone in restaurants but your staff made me feel very comfortable. I had the St. Louis style ribs, pulled pork, slaw platter and Texas toast, better than Memphis!!! I highly recommend. And their special sauce is just spectacular. 2 forks up!!
Tonight was our first time to go to Kentcky Greg's, and we figured that since we now live close to it and it is restaurant week, it would be a good night to try it.  As I sit here in a full, sleepy haze, I have to say it was totally worth it.  As far as going on Restaurant week, I would highly recommend doing that because the takeout special is amazing...for twenty dollars, we got a large portion of pulled pork with extra sauce on the side, a huge container of chicken and sausage gumbo with a quart of rice on the side, and a container of potato salad.  For normal eaters, it would probably be a good meal for four people...for a glutton like us, we still had leftovers, but not a full meal left.  Still, that is a lot of food for twenty dollars, and all of it delicious.  The pork fell apart when we served it, and the sauce on it was really good.  The potato salad was really good as well, but my favorite was the gumbo.  After having that, I definitely want to go back another time to try other things not on the Restaurant week menu.
Pulled pork was good although the meat could be considered to be a little dry. The corn muffins were really dry, I didn't eat them. Fried okra was excellent! Good prices.
Excellent pulled pork sandwich. You can actually taste the meat. Not too much sauce - but plenty of great hot sauce if you want it. Good music and friendly staff.
Wow, the pulled pork and the BBQ sauce is absolutely amazing!  The baked beans are hickory smoked to perfection.  They've just introduced homemade desserts made by Greg's wife, and the peanutbutter pie is absolutely incredible, although it is so rich that I would recommend you split a slice between two people.  I loved this so much, I bought a quart of the BBQ sauce to take back to Canada with me!
Great small BBQ place.  I have tried most items on the menu and have rarely been disappointed.  The food is even better when Greg himself is in the restaurant.  I recommend this place to all my BBQ loving friends.
excellent food, good staff and cheap prices....what more could you want?!
