Starry Nites is my favorite coffee shop in Rochester.  I love the selection they have, everything always tastes very fresh.  I have had several of their food offerings and they are always made quickly and brought right out to you.  Free Wifi was great, they recently went to passworded wifi which doesn't surprise me because I think they were having people leech off of it all day long. The outdoor seating area is one of the best assets this place has.  It is huge and there is so much room.  Often at Boulder on Park or Spot the few tables they have are taken and you have to sit inside hoping a table comes open and then race to it. It also is right on the Art Walk so it is a great place to stop in for a quick drink or bite to eat if you are out on an adventure.
I live really close to this cafe and so it's a pretty natural place for me to go and grab a coffee or breakfast when I'm in a rush. I love Van Gogh, and really enjoy the atmosphere of this place. My thoughts on some of the items I've tried: Ithaca latte - made with almond milk, cinnamon, and coconut. A bit too sweet for my taste, and not at all creamy (which some people might actually prefer, but me, I prefer my lattes rich!) Cinnamon taste was mild. Chocolate peanut butter ball - Think Resees on steroids. This thing is HUGE and I can't imagine being able to finish more than a quarter at a time. My friends consistently prove me wrong though. Quiche - I had the leek and mushroom quiche and was not impressed. The quiche came with a thick layer of melted cheese on top, was overly oily, had a  somewhat soggy crust, and was rather rubbery. Flavor wasn't that great either. Come to my house instead if you want a good quiche. ;-) The quesadillas were decent, but again nothing special. Comes with a small side of salsa and sour cream. Long story short, come here for the coffee and drinks, but I would skip the hot breakfast/lunch meals.
Starry Nites is my go to place whenever I'm in the area or someone suggests getting coffee. When I lived in the Park Ave/NOTA area, I lived within walking distance and would come here on a regular basis. I don't often get food here,  so I can't comment on that. Their cookies are always good, and I absolutely love that they now serve almond milk instead of soy! What a pleasant surprise for those of us who can't ingest dairy but try to limit our soy intake. I love their chai, and it's so fun that they have a variety of chai flavors. I'm a big Van Gogh fan, so I really enjoy the mural on the wall, and this is a perfect place if you want to relax inside with a book or your laptop. I also love to sit outside and people watch. Great little cafe!
Cute little place, been wanting to check this out for quite a while.  Unfortunately, there isn't a lot of seating.  I'd hate to be here when it gets busy, tight space for ordering.  The decor is based on Vincent VanGoghs painting, which I love!
I've been here a number of times, some alone, some for meetings, some just for lunch with mom. The tuna melt and soups are delish, and they have nice lattes with soy milk. Free wifi, so lots of people come here for meetings and to work. They play good music and the service is friendly. Some of the lounge chairs could be updated, a little worn out, but comfy.
Wine, coffee, chai, walnut biscotti, and an excellent chicken chili, to name just a few of the items here. The atmosphere is hip and live music usually once a week. Check out the local art on the walls and the great outdoor seating.
NPR blasting on full volume at 845 am.
This place gets five stars mostly because of the outdoor seating. I like that inside it's modest and dreamy and a little grungy. The coffee selection is fun, literally - drink have a creative name, i.e. - the Ithaca. Hung out here with friends for an evening. Will stop there often when I'm in the neighborhood in the future.
Starry Nites is always a guaranteed way to start my day on a good note... Not only are the employees a delight, but the customers are always happy and friendly as well. Small acts, like holding a door for someone, or wishing a stranger a good day, make the world a better place. What a great community hub! And, their iced Jamaican coffee is the BEST. ICED COFFEE. EVER!!
Stumbled in here Saturday night looking to kill some time before meeting up with friends. It is a super cute cafe.  The coffee and specialty drinks were very nice and well priced.  They also serve beer and wine which is awesome!   We were fortunate enough to arrive during live music.  There was a 3 piece band (?) that played bluesy/jazz type songs.  We arrived during the last part of their final set so only got to enjoy a few songs before they wrapped up for the night. This is definitely a place I will come back to if I am in the neighborhood again.
This is one of my fav places to stop by for a quick bite, beer or glass of wine. They have daily specials that really do change daily like Spanakopita, asparagus and cheese, quiches, various salads and the like. They also serve a good variety of soups such as gazpacho, a vegan split pea, a New England style clam chowder, a gluten free white chicken chili which is on the menu most of time along with a host of various sandwiches and specialty items. The best part is eating outside as they are located on a point, more or less of what appears to be flat iron building which great views of University Avenue and better yet, if you're gay or want to see what the gay crowd is up to, only a stone's throw away from the Bachelor Forum bar. All of food is really very good and the staff most friendly. If you happen to play a musical instrument, you're always welcome to grab a seat and show your talent.
Not too much is inspiring me to write this review. I've been to Starry Nights on several occasions over the past few years but have never had a stellar experience. Decent coffee drinks, baked goods, and quick lunches. The atmosphere is nice and probably good for working, and I hear they have bands pretty often but I've never seen one play. This leaves me at a 3-star review. Nothing to rave about, but nothing to complain about either.
Great coffee and pastries - the food is average but not bad lunch fare. Love the spot on university and baristas are extremely helpful. Outdoor seating available as well.
I had the pleasure of visiting this adorable little cafe in Rochester on a recent visit and would heartily recommend to those looking for a place to settle in, read a book, sip some chai, scarf down a panini and generally while away an hour or so. In terms of a work station away from home, the free WiFi and quiet surroundings certainly out-measure the potential sleepiness that might hit you on a grey afternoon. Will certainly make a return appearance here on my next visit to Rochester.
There's a lot to like about the space and coffee-- both were very conducive to getting some work done. Staff are a bit surly and full of themselves.  What, I'm supposed to tip for bad service?  I think not.
My wife and I split the turkey avocado wrap and turkey artichoke wrap. The avocado one was good, but not that exciting. The artichoke one on the other hand was AH-Mazing! Delicious grilled perfection. I also got a biscotti which was scrumptious. And despite being a small spot with only two people working they were super quick and when one of our friends order came out slightly wrong the owner went out of his way to correct it. Good food, good service. Glad we stopped here!
I really like Starry Nights, especially in the summer when you can while away a balmy night on the corner pavement, people-watching and sipping languidly on a glass of wine. A few years ago, when I used to take classes at Writers and Books (a wonderful literary center just around the corner...check it out!), I used to come here with my writing classmates and share critiques and fun stories over bottomless cups of coffee. It really is a lovely and artsy cafe. Downsides to Starry Nite include the narrow passageway around the ordering counter - awkward and get very crowded - the slow service that is inevitable in a cafe when it gets crowded, and the close quarters of the back room. If someone in there is bothering you, you can't much escape. I suggest going there to enjoy a cup of finger lakes coffee, to munch on a scone/panini/salad, to have a thoughtful conversation or to hide out and self-reflect in a cozy place that pays homage to one of the world's most famous Dutch painters.
Always a great choice! Solid variety menu wise for a cafe - all the usual items + specialty lattes and teas that change on a daily basis. Breakfast sandwiches and lunch items, smoothies, baked goods, wine, beer, and more round out your selection. Location is nice - The view of university ave and the fact that it is a short walking distance from numerous locations including the memorial art gallery is notable. Unfortunately there is no parking lot. One of the few negatives is that seating inside is rather limited and not very cozy- hard wooden chairs and small tables. Though the summer time, however, does mean that extra seating is available out front!
I don't have the chance to go into the city often but whenever I do, I try to stop by here to have a quick coffee and relax before I continue on my walks. The building reminds me a lot of Times Square on the outside but on the inside, some might see it as a little cramped, but I find it adorable. The décor is wonderful and there is usually a new artist's work displayed on the walls from time to time which I really enjoy instead of having to look at the same piece of art all the time, unless it's like some da Vinci or Picasso. I can't necessarily blame the café for it's snug size but it still feels open with the seemingly airy windows. The staff here are very friendly and are more than happy to serve you which is something that makes me want to go back to this particular café in general. They have a great selection of bakery goods and coffee at reasonable prices with some classy music  playing in the background. I am now a great fan of this lovely café and am more than happy to return.
I have an unusual review to write:  I'm an absent-minded fellow and lose many things. Yesterday I left Starry Nites without my iPad. The night crew baristas - Paula and Billy found it and kept it safe for me.  I think this speaks of the environment as a whole. The people that come here are friendly and honest. The staff are spunky, yet extremely kind to every customer that enters the door. As other reviews have mentioned, the food and coffee are top notch and the happy hour on drinks displays a great menu of wine. I'm so happy a place like this one exists in Rochester :) :)
In my humble opinion, this is the best coffee shop in Rochester for casual work, read and chat. Java's has a better tea selection, but no food and it's a further walk for me. The place is casual and friendly. The prices and selection are reasonable - a basic tea/coffee is around $2, pastries include a decent gluten free selection, and nice sandwiches. The seating is plentiful indoors and outdoors. Some evenings they have a decent open mic, others include a jazz band. Oh, and I love the rotating selection of art.
There's a lot I could say about Starry Nites, but the fact that I made it a must-stop on an almost nightly basis for about a year should give you all the information you need to know. I'm a standard darkest roast on brew, plus a couple extra shots of espresso kind of girl, but when you can do the basics well I see every reason to come back. Starry Nites knows how to make a really fantastic cup of coffee, and on my way to work at 7:30 a.m. that's an important quality. I've cut back on my daily trips, but I still make sure to get over there on Saturday and Sunday mornings for a breakfast sandwich. The bagels are from Brownsteins, and I might be bias here, but because the baristas now know my order this is a doubly enjoyable place to spend my weekend mornings either with friends or for a solo trip. Speaking of the baristas - they are beyond wonderful. Even before I got chummy with most of them because of my frequent trips, they made my stop that much better with friendly smiles and a suggestion for a glass of wine or food special that day. They're truly a great group of people. They serve coffee from Finger Lakes Coffee Roasters, which is roasted locally - another reason I'm a fan. This place has everything I need in a coffee place: awesome people, amazing coffee and perfectly crispy breakfast sammie's that can't be matched. If I could rate Starry a 10 I absolutely would.
Starry Nites is one of my favorite places to come do work when I just don't want to stay in the office. It's within walking distance of a few great neighborhoods. Love the Van Gogh theme and there is often evening entertainment. Beverages are reasonable and quality. The baked goods are usually pretty good. For those who care, there's off street parking.
How can you not love a funky little cafe with the Starry Night mural on the wall? LOVE their specialty lattes that are named after different streets in the city. Always a great walk to get here, NOTA is the perfect neighborhood for the shop. Certainly not the cheapest, but great quality. I love that you can get your latte in a nice big mug, it's very cozy! Definitely takeBaristas are wonderful and it's my favorite Sunday morning tradition!
I've been coming to Starry nights for a few years now since I lived in the neighborhood during college. I'm happy to say that not much has changed( in a good way). The coffee choices are vast and delicious. My personal favorite is the chai. The decor has an eclectic feel to it. There's several tables inside and a few outside (only during the summer). The soup and sandwich menu is usually small but anything I have ordered is always fresh and tasty. The baked goods are also good. Overall a no nonsense coffee shop.
Hands down my favorite place to grab a chai and a sandwich and meet business/networking contacts.  Great atmosphere, great music selection, and tthe staff is super nice.  They have a very trim, but delicious, menu, and their drink selection is well researched and well-produced.  I would recommend this place to anyone, and I try to have nearly every meeting that I can manage here.
This is my favorite place to meet with old friends or bring people who are new to rochester. It's close to everything in the city so it's also a great place to stop for a light meal while wandering the city.
Walking into Starry Nites Cafe I immediately appreciated that it was well lit. I am not a fan of dimly lit cafes and restaurants because I like to be able to see the faces of those that I'm with and those that are around me. I had no problems seeing in this cafe. I was also really pleased to see that there was live music in the main seating area of the cafe. I was even more excited when the musician started singing a 50s song - so classy. I ordered a small hot chocolate from a very friendly barista and we had a brief conversation about whipped cream. All-in-all, I had a really nice time and I highly recommend it!
I used to love, love sitting by the big window in Starry Nites on a cold fall day with one of their pumpkin lattes. Perfect. I'm not even a big coffee shop person, but I always loved coming here. It's also great to sit at the outdoor tables that they have set up in the warmer months. I love that Starry Nites is a locally owned, cozy feeling place with not only great coffee drinks, but also pastries, sandwiches, and even beer and wine. I'd say the prices are just below that of Starbucks, but you get a lot of bang for your buck here. I can never say that I had a poor experience. The only downsides of the place are that most of the furniture isn't too comfortable (think antique chairs/wooden chairs) and there is very little parking around the immediate area. Usually you can find a spot in the small parking lot that belongs to the building, but sometimes you can't. Definitely a place to hit if you're in the Rochester area and want a sweet little place to get some coffee and unwind.
I enjoy this little cafe, it's a great place to relax when the weather is nice and you can sit outside. It is also dog friendly which is a huge plus in my opinion. The only downside is the price,  a little on the high end.
Another favorite cafe of mine in Rochester. I have a huge obsession with Van Gogh and Starry Night so I love the mural of it on the walls here. It's the perfect place to grab a coffee and sandwich, plop down in their seating area and type away on your computer. I've been coming in lately for chai, half sandwich and soup to go en route to evening meetings. The staff is prompt and friendly and they make a mean spiced chai. I know it's not legit chai, but it's the best faux chai around. Perhaps Big Train chai? Either way I love it here and will keep coming back. They have great daily specials and fun seasonal drinks to kick things up a notch.
I love this place. It's really cozy and has a very welcoming environment. I went with my friends after walking around the area in the freezing cold so we could thaw out and get some tea. What we got was more than we expected. The staff is friendly and pretty cool, too. They're knowledgeable about their menu. Having never been there, we had no idea what to order, but they asked us what we were in the mood for and what sorts of flavors we liked and suggested the Mango Iced Tea, since i'm not much of a coffee person (I know, what's wrong with me, and why do I even go to COFFEE Houses?). If you DO drink coffee like a normal person, then you will love that they have $1 coffee refills! We stayed there for quite a while, since the atmosphere was so nice and it wasn't too crowded so we didn't feel guilty  taking up a table. They do have free wi-fi, but none of us had our computers so we opted for playing one of their many games.  We had a blast there and we never felt rushed to leave. I got a cookie that was pretty good as well. I haven't tried their food yet but I'm sure it's delicious and I will most definitely be returning to check that out. Overall, a great place if  you want a relaxed setting to hang out that's not ridiculously expensive and pretentious like Starbucks. I also hear they have game nights and happy hours so I will most definitely be making a return trip for those. sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/h…
I met my wife here 13+ years ago when it was Moonbeams.  The place has never lost the allure for me and I think it's great to be able to sit outside in the summertime and enjoy a cup of coffee as traffic whips by.  A perfect place for a late night coffee though I'm partial to the chocolates next door at Cholate and Vine.
Cute, cozy, relaxed atmosphere, with good coffee & treats, interesting artwork to look at, friendly service, and free wifi.  A nice little oasis.  Really enjoyed it here.
This place is a fave of my friends who I visited while here in Rochester. I went twice and experienced two different vibes, both of them great. I've come when it's quiet and also when live music was playing, enjoyed it both nights. They have many different coffees on tap in addition to the obligatory espresso drinks, in addition they have a nice compact wine list. Rochester has an abundance of good indie coffee shops and this is definitely one of them
I adore this place for the following reasons: 1. rather large selection of drinks and food 2. the tables are arranged so that you can sit comfortably, without feeling like you're invading the space of the person next to you or feeling like a jerk for taking a big table 3. if this place is crowded you can move a bit to get though the crowd, without having to squish yourself between two people or ask someone to get up and let you out. 4. clean, friendly, interesting decor, much more inviting than Starbucks ;) BONUS: I am no longer a Rochester resident, however, their web site mentions the location is in the Neighborhood of the Arts and I did notice a few places that would be fun to check out during business hours in the surrounding blocks. Try to give yourself some time :)
LOVE.  I stumbled upon this place on my way back from the art gallery, just looking for a quick/small/cheap bite to eat and somewhere to sit for a little while.  I hit the jack pot. This is a miniature version of Spot Coffee.  I love all of the Van Gogh art work on the walls, and the mural in the back is fantastic.  I ordered the tuna melt which was HUUUUGE and perfect to split with a friend.  The sandwich also comes with a salad. After sitting for a bit, I ordered a house coffee, which was delicious and perfectly un-strong but not weak either. If I lived in the area, I would definitely be a regular here.
The prettiest of the rochester cafes, it's the first floor of a buidling similar to nyc's flatiron bulding. There are a bunch of tables amid trees out front. It's across the street from rochester's busiest gay bar and near some nice things like the buddhist temple and the art gallery. Inside, the atmosphere is really beautiful too. Sweet mural of van gogh's starry night takes over a large wall. Everything is pretty good, coffee and foodwise. But the atmosphere and ease of talking with people is the reason to go here. It's a very nice place.
Loved this place! I has that great coffee shop vibe that I was looking for and great coffee. Walked in and saw all the VanGogh influence and there was Beatles music playing. So in love...they also have neat specialty lattes if you are into that. Lots of daily people seemed to stop in for coffee and bagels to go.
I've been here once before and it was a cool place. I liked the coffee and the environment. No complaints here but nothing that really impressed me either with my first impression.
A visit to Rochester wouldn't be complete without going to my former "home away from home".  I was a customer since January of 1995, when its former incarnation (Moon Beans) first opened.  Moon Beans eventually changed hands and later ran into financial trouble - but it was eventually rescued by Pam and turned into Starry Nites, at which time it became better than ever.  I went there so often when I lived in Rochester (admittedly I lived rather nearby), that there were even a few times when I was there three different times in one day (either meeting friends or just hanging out by myself).  It's always very cozy there during wintertime, and it's fun to sit outdoors during warm weather.  Starry Nites is my "dream" coffeehouse and I really miss it!
I loved this place! The food was so fresh and delicious. The little salad that came with my sandwich was great - like where did they get lettuce and tomatoes that yummy? The sandwich was good too, but I wish I ordered a whole salad - my body must have been in need of some greens! It was neat they offered unique sodas like ginger beer and birch beer in addition to the standard stuff.  My Mom ordered a ginger beer while I had mindlessly ordered a diet coke. I tried it.. pretty interesting! The oatmeal cookie was utterly divine! I am so often disappointed with coffee shop or sandwich joint cookies but I was seriously impressed with the one here. The prices were totally reasonable, the service was prompt and friendly. The place felt inviting and was attractively furnished. I enjoyed sitting by the window while we ate and watching the world go by! There was seating outside as well, but it was much too hot a day for that. I wish I lived in the area, I would keep coming back for sure!
Super huge fan of this place. Don't get many opportunities for date night with the kids, but always try to stop here for dessert or a raspberry iced tea.
Loved this place. I offered to plan a little date for my boyfriend. We both LOVE coffee so, on to yelp I go and this place pops up. It ended up being the perfect morning date. The coffee was delicious. I had a bagel and he had a chocolate chip muffin. YUM. Great atmosphere! There was also an author there promoting her latest book. She gave us each a free tarot reading. It seemed like there were quite a few events scheduled. We are definitely going back. Soon.
this place used to be really cool. went there recently on a saturday night and the place was nearly empty for such a prime time. reason 1, the baristas are absolutely horrible. the rude attitude for such an empty cafe was astounding. i wonder if they wonder why nobody comes here anymore...this would be the first reason. they also take forever to make the drinks. for waiting that long when no one else was in line you would at least think the drink would be superb. wrong. sub par at best. this rolls into reason 2, the quality of the product is not so good. they dont even roast their own beans, i believe they are serving finger lakes coffee, which is normally decent, but somehow they have managed to make it taste bad. reason 3, the lighting for night time was way to bright. invest in some dimmer switches. i felt like i was walking into a gas station. all in all on paper this place should be packed on a weekend night with the cool interior space and prime sidewalk seating location. however,  this is a perfect example of how cool is killed.
everything seemed older than it needed to be. the floors were creaky and the tables woobly. but i guess that adds to the artsy appeal. the decor was awesome and the service was friendly! there is a cool seating area outside that is right on the corner of the street since the whole place is basically on the pointed end of a triangle of a building. its a cool towny sort of place worth walking to from farther down the street.
Standard coffee house fare and good outdoor seating in the summer, but can get cramped and loud indoors at night.  There's often local musicians playing, which is fun but can get loud.  Good prices and the mural of van Gogh's Starry Nights is impressive, but overall too much packed in to too small a space.
As a disclaimer, I'm usually only there during the morning or day, when I stop in to get a cup of coffee.  I've found the varieties to be excellent, and there's always something I like drinking.  This is in comparison to places like Starbucks (I'm not knockin Starbucks!), where they usually have three choices, one being decaf.  Starry Nites just has more options. I've only eaten there once, and I grabbed one of their Chicken Pesto wraps.  It was heaven.  I do recommend that, no question. It's a great coffee shop to have in the area, and it's worth swinging by there as a change to some of the other more obvious (Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts) options in the vicinity.
Great food at a decent price in a place with great ambiance.  Their standard cafe fair is fresh and tasty, perfect for a light lunch. A decent number of vegetarian options are available too. I've been there in the afternoons, so I can't comment on its character at night.
One of my favorite neighborhood places for chillaxing. Decent menu with great desserts and very nice outdoor seating in the warmer months. Coffee is pretty good for a place that's more cafe than coffeehouse, although it's certainly no Fuego or Joe Bean. Very cozy, intimate atmosphere that fits well with the Neighborhood of the Arts.
Great café in Rochester's Neighborhood of the Arts. My favorite cappuccino in town. Good food (small menu), great coffee and they also offer a modest selection of beer and wine. Sometimes have live music. Service is always friendly and accommodating.
Nice atmosphere, free wireless, good coffee.  Great place for a first date :-)
We had a small conference at a community center nearby, so I visited several times over a couple of days.  They were very friendly and patient, even when large groups of us showed up all at the same time. The food menu is uninspired, but what they serve is all very tasty and fresh: sandwiches, salads, quiche, soups. Good coffe, desserts, wine, and plenty of nice outdoor seating.
So far this is my  favorite coffee shop in Rochester. It's not a gigantic car dealership like spot. Its in a small funky old building, the way a small independent coffee shop should be. Food is fine, nothing incredible. Coffee could be worse, definitely much better than some of the alternatives. Overall my rankings for Rochester Coffee are as follows: 1) Starry Nites 2) Boulder 3) Spot 99) Java's (this place is horrible)
If there is one building in Rochester that I absolutely love, it's the Flat Iron building on University Ave (I have always wanted to live here). I love the history behind this building and even more so I love that Starry Nites Cafe occupies a section of the bottom floor.   Starry Nites is located in the Neighborhood of the Arts (NOTA) and artsy it is! Vincent Van Gogh's painting "Starry Night" (how apropos) takes up an entire wall at this hipster coffee spot. A small counter and bar are placed in the narrowest part of the building with a large dining area in back. In the summer, the front patio is where it's at. Accessible from both University Ave and Atlantic Ave the patio is very large with scattered tables and often time's musicians are set up for your listening pleasure. Starry Nites is so much more than coffee, they serve breakfast, soups and sandwiches, appetizers and of course dessert. The Portobello Mushroom Wrap gets me every time. They use locally sourced ingredients and even offer gluten free options and if you're not in the mood for coffee check out their beer and wine list.  There is a large bulletin board with local to post local events and there is live music on the Weekends. Starry Nites is and will remain a welcomed addition to NOTA. Forget about Starbucks, Starry Nites makes a mean Chai latte.
Awesome for music in the summer and warm blueberry and raspberry muffins in the mornings!  Great service.  They have a decent menu, so don't hesitate to have more than just coffee or a tea.  Unique menu items and creative drink ideas.  The wine selection is ok and hits the fix (not extensive).
The ambience of this cafe is quite nice.  The food and drinks are reasonably priced.  The demographic skews young as there are several university neighborhoods within walking distance.  However especially as a stopover this place is fantastic. I've done several activities  in the area and in between sessions or going from one thing to another Starry Nites is an excellent stop to refill the tank.
BEST. CHAI. EVER.  I adore chai and Starry Nites is my go-to place for a piping-hot cup of chai when I come back to visit Rochester. I love the atmosphere - very chill and laid-back - and you can't go wrong with their baked goods. I love it here.
The chocolate chip cookie and tea were great, but the half-and-half latte was a bit too heavy for me. The atmosphere was friendly and they were happy for us to sit for an hour and use the wifi. Overall a good spot.
Excellent little cafe. Friendly staff, prompt service. Great atmosphere to meet a friend and chat or read a book on your own. Outside seating is also pretty nice with comfortable chairs. Probably one of my favorite spots in the city.
Starry Nites is my coffee shop of choice in Rochester.  I usually go for a coffee, but they also have wine, a small menu (the food is pretty average--it could be a little better, but that's natural for a coffee shop), free wi-fi, entertainment nearly every weekend, and huge outdoor seating in the summer.  The prices are pretty much spot on, and when you get a coffee in-house then you can refill for a cheaper price (at least they charge me less, maybe it was the particular staff person). The inside is a bit small, but it is cozy and I have always been able to find a seat (maybe just not in my preferred location).  The decor inside is based on, obviously, Van Gogh's Starry Nite, and it's very pretty, well maintained, and clean.  The cafe utilizes its location well on Art Walk and in the Flat Iron building--and the summer has a large outdoor seating area and entertainment outside.  I enjoy going here on the weekends for socializing with friends, or on the slower weeknights with my laptop and schoolwork.  Furthermore, the staff has always been pleasant, fun, and polite.
Love the location and the decor, but the coffee is only so so. Definitely a worthwhile place to visit or hang out with friends, but if you want an outstanding cup of coffee, head down University Avenue to Joe Bean.
