Amazing food. The owner Janine has a wealth of knowledge on wine and the menu. Highly recommend and would return.
I know, many seem to love Avvino.  I am not as impressed.  Nothing was bad as far as food or service.  More so the food was good, just not incredible. What I felt was bad, was the sound, very loud almost impossible to hear anyone that was not inches away from you.  I was eating on a Sunday with 5 people.  I could only speak to the two that were next to me, an even then I had to get closer so to hear.  Everyone agreed. If a friend wanted to go to Avvino I would not complain, I just would not suggest it.
So Avvino did something extra special that I didn't realize would be so spectacular until I tried it. Here it is folks: Prosecco with strawberries. It's literally the best way to drink a little bubbly adding a subtle hint of fruity, sweetness to the dry prosecco. Then, when you reach the end of your glass and eat the strawbs, they have a bite of carbonation. It was amazing. That's all. We started with a round of oysters because... why not! They were blue point oysters -- briny and crisp. Toss it with a squirt of lemon and the mignonette sauce and it's a win. They also brought out complimentary pull apart bread in a darling cast iron pan (~4 slices), which is piping hot, straight from the oven, golden brown, and much like a popover -- light, airy, and buttery. I could have eaten the whole pan myself. For whatever reason, I wasn't super hungry that evening so the oysters served as my appetizer and for my entree I sampled the cauliflower lobster bisque ($11). It's presented to you with the fillings in the bowl (chunks of cauliflower, lobster, and leeks topped with a dash of caviar) and the server poured the liquid soup on top. Needless to say it was a seafood fiesta. Not a spoonful was left without the chunks of lobster and cauliflower. It was silky smooth soup and packed with flavor, but not overwhelmingly fishy. A wonderfully hearty soup to enjoy during these chilly months. My friends both ordered the burgers, which looked so filling! The thick cut fries were superb. Of course, I stole a few bites off their plates. The burger itself was delish, albeit messy. The one thing they didn't love about the burger was the pork belly/bacon. Rather than being crisp/pan-seared, it was thick (1/4 in) and quite gelatinous. They both took it off their burger because it was just too much and they didn't enjoy the chewiness associated with its preparation. Just FYI if that's not your thing.   Our server was a doll -- one of the best I've encountered in recent history. She was well informed about the menu, shared the specials, answered every question we had about the dishes we were considering, and suggested little extras (like the strawberries -- a gratis addition to the prosecco BTW). A tip of the hat to Avvino and their staff. Truthfully, every visit to every restaurant should be this way, but lately I've noticed other establishments lacking in service and it makes me sad. So it was a beautiful treat to interact with our waitress. She made us feel at home. I plan to visit again with the bf to sample some of the larger entrees (pastas are a must!) Great option for girls night out and date nights alike.
Love it!!!! So glad to have a very nice bar and great restaurant in my neighborhood of Twelve Corners.  Awesome place to go for just a glass of wine too. I will be back often with friends.  Previously near Twelve Corners my only option was the Otter Lodge yuk! So very happy to have a place close and classy.
This now has a happy ending.  The first four paragraphs below were written early on 8/12.  See my follow up  the same day - later in the day. It's not too hard to spot the reviews on Yelp that appear to be plants.  They are the ones where someone connected with the restaurant writes but a single nice review, not overly glowing, but very nic,e and then gives the restaurant 5 stars.   What's unusual is when you have a mediocre meal, you make careful notes about it on Yelp, and then a few days later the same "reviewer" responds in the following fashion (The note in the next paragraph encased in quotes was received  from one of the aforementioned Avvino reviewers late Sunday evening, 8/11 - don't look for her review here.  It was wisely pulled by the Yelp staff after they spotted it for what it was): "I have an idea. Don't come back. Clearly you are better suited to Cheescake factory. There are four great restaurants in Rochestr...Rocco, Max chop house, Lucano and Avvino and to have someone like you provide negative feedback only detracts from the Rochester food scene. If you like it tell people what you like if you don't tell the owner or stop coming in." When TRATA first opened, I had a great meal there.  When I went back a short time later, there were some definite flat spots. I wrote about them and shortly afterwards the owner responded with a carefully written note thanking me for the comments, addressing some of the issues, and noting what the restaurant was doing to change them.  I was impressed.  I wrote about that experience and I've gone back (and loved it).  What a very different response here.  I would be hard pressed to ever return to a restaurant where those connected with it write a response like this.  It shows an intransigence and an unwillingness to improve.  That's sad.  And that's what really detracts from the Rochester food scene. WELL, it seems owners do read and owners do take responsbility after all.  Good going YELP! I received this note from Janine later in the day on 8/12.  As a consequence, I raised my rating to three and we definitely will go back and give them another try. "My name is Janine Wasley.  I am the owner of Avvino.  I just read your review on Yelp last night and I am very upset that you had such an awful experience. Being only two weeks old, we definitely have some kinks to work out and every day we are improving and tweaking things to be the best we can be.  We still have many things to work on. I appreciate your feedback and have copied your review for my Chef to read.  Also, I have no idea who would respond to you with that comment "never to come back..etc"  That is so embarrassing, and I assure you it was not a member of my staff.  That is the most unprofessional thing someone could have responded with and I will continue to work on finding out who would do such a thing.   At this point I am not sure what I can do to make you happy, but I would really like to try.  I would hope you could give us another chance someday.  Thank you for your time." Kudos to Janine!
Both times I have been here everything was delicious and executed well. My most recent visit was for my birthday dinner, and I was very pleased! My friend started with the simple field green salad ($7), while I started with the shaved brussel sprout salad ($10). Brussel sprout dishes have become a trendy dish lately and are one of my new food obsessions! They nailed it with this salad. I really enjoyed the dressing along with the crunch of the candied hazelnuts. The roasted beet and goat cheese log thing that it came with wasn't really my thing. It was like a vegetable jello... For our entrees, I got the turkey breast ($19) and my friend got the squid ink fettuccine ($23). The fettuccine was cooked to perfection along with the calamari. It was extremely salty though, but our waiter stated it was naturally salty because of the pancetta, calamari, and clam sauce. Irregardless, it was a great dish and our second time ordering it. My turkey breast entree was spot on. Juicy white turkey breast with a crisp skin on top of a butternut squash purée and chestnut risotto. Only thing I would suggest is to lay back on the purée since there was a thick layer covering the entire plate. Avvino definitely attracts an older yuppy crowd. Both of my visits I have been the only one under 40, but it doesn't bother me because I am an old soul. I would choose getting dressed up and enjoying a classy dinner here over going out and getting trashed at a bar with friends anyday!
I hate to be negative considering the positive reviews here but for my money, Avvino was a bit of a letdown. The rolls they brought out to the table that they cheer on as being fresh baked tasted like store bought Pillsbury pastry and it was burnt on the bottom. The jumbo shrimp cocktail sauce was overly spicy, and I love spicy foods. It had so much horseradish it was making my eyes water. My wife had the squash ravioli and only ate two bites before she declared she was not happy with the flavor of the pesto sauce it was in, and I had the strip steak, which was a low quality cut, over-cooked and very tough. Service was not bad, but I probably would not go back there again.
Good food... At a slightly above average price for the rochester area.  I thought the strip steak special I had was cooked perfectly but not exactly a lean cut.  We also had the mahi mahi.  That was cooked very well with nice flavors.   Nice little bar area.  I thought it was strange they charged us for club soda at the bar while having a cocktail.  Just a strange charge.  Also the bartender was certainly more interested in closing the bar than providing service-granted it was around midnight.  Overall a nice place to have dinner but they will be challenged with a number of nice restaurants within 2 miles.
Came here for a celebration and on some great word-of-mouth (and the great Yelp reviews), left a little bit disappointed, but still with a pretty good meal. Decor and service: A very unassuming place from the outside, tucked into what appears to be an old office park next to Don's Original (a delicious albeit very different place to get a meal), I was quite surprised when I walked in the front door.  What a beautiful place, really a huge expanse and it is all well-decorated and well-lit.  The place was bumping at 6:30 on a Friday, clearly they are doing well.  A really warm and inviting place to have a meal, some other places in the area could really use a lesson from these guys in how to set up a restaurant.  The service throughout the night was also great.  Water was always refilled without being intrusive, the food came out quickly, the staff was very friendly and amicable to talk to.  Five stars all around for the decor and the service, there was nothing that I could take complaint to. Bread: A key part of any Italian restaurant is bread.  It's the quintessential side dish to any pasta, to sop up all that delicious sauce.  Here is where Avvino began to falter.  The bread looked delicious from afar, and then we got ours at our table.  The bottom of the bread was a little bit burnt, it was clear that they hadn't buttered or oiled the dishes they were using to cook the bread in.  A minor complaint, something I wouldn't be overly bothered by, but the bread also didn't taste good.  It was overly oily and didn't really have the great, soft, chewy mie that I would expect from an Italian place.  I prefer a crusty bread, but this was more of a dinner roll (which I normally don't mind), just overall a lot of room for improvement. Appetizer: Arancini - I'm always a sucker for fried food, especially arancini, which amount to delicious cheese filled balls of risotto, all put into a deep fryer.  The balls themselves were very good, well fried (though again a little burnt on the bottom, but such is life sometimes), the risotto was well-cooked, and the mozz inside was tasty.  Where this dish fell flat was the sauces.  It came with a red sauce and a pesto sauce which I anticipate would showcase the flavors of the restaurant.  The red sauce was pretty good, very mild, lacking the typical sweetness of the San Marzano tomatoes they used, and lacking much of a kick, but very smooth and overall refined.  The pesto sauce however, didn't taste like anything.  I had expected some incredibly deep, earthy flavors, but I was left wanting a lot more from the pesto.  It was almost flavorless. Entrees: Ricotta Cavatelli (with Osso Bucco) - Osso Bucco is probably one of my favorite dishes to order out and this was a no-brainer for me to get.  The osso bucco itself was delicious, the cavatelli was soft and delicious and doughy and exactly what I want.  The problem was the sauce, which was 100% lemon.  All I could taste was the preserved lemon.  It went well with the richness of the osso bucco, I will say that, but after a while it became very overpowering.  I couldn't get much dimension out of the sauce.  I liked the dish, I'm just not sure that I'd get it again. Herb-Crusted Chicken Breast - The chicken came out very well-cooked, very moist, the herb crusting was really fresh, tasty, all around a great piece of chicken.  The beans that came with it also tasty, the sauce had a very earthy flavor that bordered on overpowering, but my girlfriend liked it, so maybe it is a difference of palates.  Overall, a really solid piece of chicken, I'd consider getting it again. In short, the whole meal was a good experience, and the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't particularly great either, especially for the cost.  I think there are better places to get a good Italian meal in town for a lot less money, and as such, I probably wouldn't put coming back to Avvino high on my priority list.
I am inclined to believe that if I go back my four stars will turn into five.  But at this moment it deserves a four.  First off the service was excellent as well as the atmosphere and decor.  The wine selection seems robust as well.  I started with a salad (I think Heirloom salad with watermelon?) which was phenomenal.  And the table bread was very good..so all is well! But I would have to say my food was only slightly above average.  I ordered the Squid Ink pasta which was kind of bland - I expected some more flavor and feel like there is room for improvement. The portion sizes are generous and that is even true for the small portions! While my food choice brings down my rating my friend's dish looked awesome so I have to assume I ordered the wrong thing relative to my taste preferences.   Like I said, there is definitely upside potential but even with a four stars you have a high probability, in my view, of NOT going wrong.
I've never had a bad time here. The restaurant staff is ridiculously accommodating, the kitchen staff is surgical with quality and presentation (not to mention flavors), and the bar staff get a Grade A1 for  multi-tasking and entertainment. Every time I've gone here I've tried something new. There are always great specials and the wine list, though not as monstrous as others, has very little if any in the "Fluff" department. Why have 60 bottles that don't sell or are of lesser quality when you can have a bible of just the "good stuff"? This particular time I had a stream of food that included the crab cake special, the amazing beef tartare (prob best in the city), the lobster bisque with French style service  (the pouring of the bisque over a masterpiece of fresh lobster, caviar, and cauliflower), an epic crab leg served cold, a monster cowboy steak, and a strawberry chocolate mouse....the 2004 Cliquot Grande Dame wasn't too bad either :). All in all you can have a crazy tasting session or a nice coursed out meal. Prices are a little higher but let's face it...go to a chain if you want to spend less but I guarantee the quality and type of food you can be introduced to cannot compare. Avvino is all about the full experience and they get my vote for everything across the board!
The food was fantastic! I went there with two other people and we each ordered a dish.  We love to share when we eat, and the portions were very generous, and delicious! We ordered the evening special which was a beef short rib, cooked to perfection --- amazing.  The salad was also great! I don't know what the dressing was but it was perfect.  The slow braised pork shank was off the bone delicious and a very generous portion to share.  Papperdelle pasta, which you can't find anywhere in Rochester, was hand made and delicious with amazing lobster bolognese.  I haven't had such a delicious meal in a long time! Very impressed with this place, and I would go back to try everything else on the menu!
Lovely new restaurant with a superb staff. Hard to believe it's a new place! We met up with some friends for a casual meal on a Tuesday night. Our table started out with an order of the antipasto & I ordered the small green salad. For entrees, my wife ordered one of the specials of the evening, which was a pork chop & I chose the Avvino Burger (sans roll). Our dinner companions ordered the strip steak & the other special, which was a halibut dish. First off, my burger was fantastic... extremely tasty. I was very happy with my choice, since I took one look at the strip steak (which my friend was happily eating) & felt it would've been too much to eat!. The halibut on my friend's plate quickly disappeared as well. The only off note was my wife's pork chop. It had sadly been waay overcooked. When we brought that to the attention of our server,  they quickly whipped up an Avvino burger for my wife.  When the bill came BOTH the pork chop & the second burger were off the bill. All in all a VERY pleasant night. I HIGHLY recommend checking Avvino out. We will be back!
Oh my the food is amazing. My companion and I split the large antipasto (he had the meat and I had the cheese, though he was nice enough to split the pate with me.) Some of the best cheese ever, and the pate is beyond heavenly. We had the Tuna Crudo and Lobster Brodo appetizers (really wonderful) and the Pork Tenderloin and Sea Scallops entrees, as well as a side of peas and asparagus (with mint! I love mint with peas, and nobody does them that way. Till Avvino, anyway.) The pork was awesome, the scallops done perfectly, and the accompaniments were inventive and delicious. If you get a bottle of wine, the WIne Ritual is a little more elaborate than most. The atmosphere is very comfortable, yet lush. Nice artwork, subdued lighting, attentive service. All in all, a great experience.
I have dined at Avvino several times due to its optimal location.  I absolutely love the atmosphere, the staff, and the variety and quality of the food.   I have yet to have less than a fantastic experience at Avvino!  Strongly recommend.
Had an awesome dinner date here on a Friday evening. Reservations seem like a must on fridays ;the bar was hoppin as was the dining room. I would describe the crowd here as mature but of the grown and sexy kind, not the old fart kind so put on something nice to wear. Yes Avvino is a great restaurant and overall I enjoyed it here, but it did have it's shortcomings which I won't dwell on. Our waitress Kaylee was phenomenal. On point, knew the menu from front to back, attentive but not annoying, she was a great server. As others have mentioned, the bread service here is some of the best I've had anywhere. Served piping hot, your butter melts on it instantly; but it is filling so I restricted myself to one piece. We ordered a couple of of the shave brussel sprouts salads which was a mistake. First off the salad was like a tiny speck on a huge plate and it just tasted weird. It was served with a bland goat cheese hunk on top of a gelatinous beet concoction. Not sure what the beet stuff was called, but the whole salad was just yucky and not worth the $10. The rest of the food we had was excellent, however. The potato gnocchi, awesomeness. My kansas city strip steak was ginormous, and served with brussels sprouts and parmesan frites; it was so huge I barely got through 1/4 it, and got to enjoy the rest the following day. My date had the Avvino burger and gave it rave reviews. For desert, we had some of the tiramisu which was light airy, tasty and perfect. The details are where avvino shines. In addition to the bread service, the coffee comes with these ultra chic sugar in the raw crystals on a stick! I saved a couple to suck on like lollipops, freakish I know. Yeah we ate a lot here, but it was totally worth the stuffed to the brim sensation we had as we rolled ourselves out the door. The service here is not quick; some friends who happened to be there told us they had been seated for over an hour and hadn't gotten their food. But they were ok with it, probably because the ambiance and customer service are so good. Would definitely return here (on a night that I'm not in a rush of course)
I was fortunate enough tonight to be invited to the soft-opening for this new restaurant with my wife, and was completely caught off-guard. The staff was wonderful and really understood how to explain the dishes with intimate details. You could tell these guys really worked to prepare themselves for the opening. From the moment we walked in over the penny-floor entrance way, we were very pleased with the service, atmosphere, and most importantly the quality and taste of the food. I had the lobster soup which was very good - a broth based soup with large tender chunks of lobster and a balance of sweetness from small tomatoes that just melted each bite. I then had the scallop entree - while my wife had the filet. The scallops we cooked to perfection and fresh as can be, and served with a purple potato medley that was to die for. Both dishes were very reasonably priced for the quantity on the dish... and any lack of that was made up for by the chef's excellent work. We then wrapped up with sharing 3 desserts among our table of 6 and each was pretty good, but the one Italian dessert we had (cant remember the name) was insanely good.   All-in-all I had no problem giving them a 4-star with one more visit to prove to me they can get a 5-star. The patrons at the other tables were all gossiping about how impressed they were. definitely worth a try.
As soon walk in, you  feel comfortable. There was a pretty good crowd, but we were able to get 2 seats at the bar. After reviewing the menu, we decided to split the large antipasto and the burger. The large antipasto has more than enough to share for 2, or more people. The highlight of the antipasto was the foie gras - amazing!!. The rolls were served hot of the oven and were very tasty. The burger was served rare, as ordered, and tasted fantastic, especially with the thick cut bacon on top. Service was good, even with a large crowd behind us, the bartenders made sure we had everything we needed. I look forward to going back and trying  the pancetta wrapped pork tenderloin- the people  next to me had it and it looked unbelievable! A great new addition to the area!
I went last night and I had their spinach ravioli and my girlfriend had their squid ink pasta, both were amazing. The service was great and I had a great time. Highly recommended.
Salmon is really great! Overall the service is nice and the environment is lovely. Great place for a date.
Avvino has only been open for a few days, and I have been drawn there for most of them! Owner Janine and her staff of accomplished restarauntiers make a visit a perfect experience. Avvino, in it's short tenure has already established a following of regulars with a great menu, great service, and an unparalleled attention to detail!
I ordered the spinach and goat cheese ravioli because I'm a vegetarian. As soon as I took my first bite, I realized it was filled with dark meat. All of the ravioli except one were filled with meat. I couldn't have it replaced at the restaurant because it was a take-out order. Beware if you're a vegetarian; it was an expensive disappointment.
Last night my husband and I celebrated our anniversary at Avvino. It was such an amazing experience! We each had our own tasting menu created for us compete with wine pairing. Every single thing was incredible! All six courses, the wine and especially the service. They created a romantic ambiance and catered to our every need. We'll be back for sure. Thanks to Janine Wasley and Greg Morris for making it a night to remember.
Had one of the best all around meals at the "soft" opening of Avvino last night.  The Lobster Brodo is beyond words, the Squid Ink Fettuccini (made fresh daily) has a depth of flavor that is amazing and the Salted Carmel Budino for dessert was sinful.  Can't wait to go back and I will be a regular for sure.  I almost forgot...the house made ricotta cheese and pate was phenomenal.
I walked into Avvino and was struck by its beauty. The decor was amazing and the best part was being greeted by the hosted with a great big welcoming smile. The atmosphere was great and the staff was eager & ready to please! My friend and I sat at the bar just checking some things out before we decided on if we were going to eat or not!  The drinks were amazing and it was so inviting!! We got a table and had a waitress named michelle. She was outstanding! She was educated on the menu , could answer any questions and everything we had came in a perfectly timed order!!! It was great!! The complimentary dinner rolls were fabulous! I highly recommend trying it here! The quality and the food service was top notch and I would def go back!  Before leaving I met the owner Janine - who was delightful as well!! I wish her the best of luck and I know she will have a successful future!!
We had a business dinner at Avvino last week. The restaurant was very tastefully decorated, with an upscale, big city feel to it. Service was excellent, our waiter was well trained and efficient. The bread before dinner was amazing! Our appetizers (meatballs and squid ink pasta) were excellent as was The scallop entree. I will definitely return soon.
We live nearby so I have eaten here often. Never a bad meal here. The lobster bisque really is something special. Lamb meatballs are absoutely delicious. The "simple" green salad doesn't sound great but it really is. The pickled vegetables are in a gelee that is absolutely fantastic. The gnocchi with lamb shank bolognese is to die for. It's had for me not to order it every time. Good, imaginative specials, stiff drinks. Unless you get here early, you will need reservations on weekends.
We had dinner at avvino's last night for the fifth time since they've opened.  We keep going back for Lobster Brodo, King Crab salad and to try new dishes.  Each one has been fantastic....pork tenderloin is my favorite go to dish but when they have seafood or shrimp risotto it is very hard to choose.   They are both great.  Last night we chose three appetizers each in place of dinner because we could not decide...ask about wine pairing as well.   They are spot on.
Wonderful dining experience at Avvino!  Great food, awesome service, and beautiful décor.  The bread is fantastic, and, unfortunately I ate 2 pieces which means I couldn't finish my meal.  Started with a Caesar salad and server asked if I wanted the anchovies -- I said sure!  Should have said no...  three were too many and half of one was plenty, but that's a personal taste thing.  Highly recommend the butternut squash ravioli.
My wife and I had our first experience this past Friday evening... it won't be our last! The atmosphere was cozy and the service provided by Katie was exceptional. We started with the bread which was hot and almost as buttery as a brioche. Next came the appetizers of steak tartar and foie gras pate with caramelized apples. Both were perfectly presented, and the meal could have ended there with no complaints on our part. Finally our entrees. My wife got the special of ricotta cavatelli with stuffed calamari in a light tomato sauce. The cavatelli were feather light and the calamari were as tender as could be. I had duck presented two ways over polenta with roasted carrots. The duck was moist and cooked perfectly.  Unfortunately, we were both too full to attempt any of the deserts. All in all a wonderful experience that makes one long for the next reservation, yet leery that it may not live up to the last meal.
meatball appetizer very good.  ink squid pasta very good.  bread very good.  atmosphere very good.  worst steak i ever had and the price of the special cowboy steak wasnt disclosed until the bill came.  my fault for not asking price but as everything on main course menu was in the $30 range, was expecting something close to that dollar wise and then, bam, $54!!!  for a piece of meat they served raw and had to get sent back and was very fatty and chewy meat.  the table next to us asked us how the cowboy steak was and we replied then they chimed in that the ny strip was fatty and chewy too and not very good.
What a wonderful Restaraunt. Great atmosphere, exceptional service and most importantly delicious food. The squid ink pasta is a most try, our filet and lamb were so delicious we hardly talked once the entrees were served. If you want something more than average food I would highly recommend Avvino. "Very We'll done"
Just went to Avvino with my husband and had the best time and a wonderful dinner....started off with the King Crab delicious followed by the Lobster Brodo (my favorite!!!) and then the squid ink pasta (Yummy!!!) and last but not least the cheeseburger (SO GOOD ).  The Wine list was fantastic and as soon as we sat down we felt like we were in another world!!!  Janine thought of everything and Avvino is now our date night go to!!!!!
My husband and I ate here last Friday night. The service and cocktails were excellent but the appetizer and main course were underwhelming. The bread was served in a "hot" cast iron pan but was not hot nor very tasty. The lamb meatballs were also not very hot and could have easily been beef as they tasted nothing of lamb. We had a crab salad and a Caesar salad, both were fine. I had the strip steak and was not impressed at all. It was covered in so much sauce I couldn't see the meat at all. This contributed to me putting several bites of fat into my mouth which was not pleasant. The brussels sprouts were fine but the parmesan fries were delicious. My husband had the squid ink fettuccine. He said it lacked flavor. The pistachio chocolate molten cake with pistachio gelato was delicious but the cake could have been warmer. Again, the service was wonderful, our waitress was friendly, informative and attentive. I'm not sure if we'll go back as date nights are few and far between and we'd rather try another spot or go back to an old favorite next time.
