Ever since my parents made Emma's a weekly tradition (EVERY Friday night), I always make sure if I'm coming home for the weekend that I make it home in time for dinner. From the food to the service to the atmosphere, Emma's has everything you could want and more. You always get freshly baked pretzels to start as you look over the huge selection of beer. Or, if you go during the summer, the homemade jalapeño infused tequila margarita. I can't begin to explain how delicious it is. For an appetizer the fried calamari is a must. It's always piping hot and crispy (as it should be) and covered in a sweet chili sauce. My super Italian mother says it's the best she's ever had, which is really the highest praise any dish can ever get. I think by this point I've tried around 80% of the menu. This doesn't include the specials, however, which are always excellent, but constantly changing. I'll try to pick one entree so we're not here all day. The Rooney burger is always my go-to meal. It's Emma's version of the Big Mac, but 1000x better. You won't be disappointed. The fries are always a solid choice but if you're feeling adventurous go for the Wasabi Smashed Potatoes. I would recommend Emma's for whatever you're in the mood for. You might even become a regular!
Really good American Comfort food, served in a warm atmosphere with a good beer selection. Early In the evening tends to draw families, which local drinkers take over the place in the evening. Time it right in the middle for peaceful hearty meal with no wait time. The Mac and Cheese is a stand out app, with bacon and peas. All the entree's have been tasty. The warm pretzel sticks are there signature. Try and leave room for the sweets though.  Great desserts, highlighted by the Bread Pudding made of... KRSIPY KREME DONUTS. Fantastic! Overall really good night out.
4 stars for ambiance.  Very clean and fun establishment.  1 star for food.  Everything overcooked.  Medium rare lamb burger was welldone++. Chicken cordon bleu burger even MORE dry and overlooked.
Love this place. From the perfect bar, to the bow-tied bartenders to the warm pretzel bread, don't know why I don't come more often, but hoping to change that. A nice, cozy, neighborhood-y tavern, great for meeting friends and watching the latest game (mine's college football). Come and enjoy.
Emma's never disappoints. We love that there is ample free parking directly across the street at the field and behind the bank. Upon entering we are always greeted by the friendly host/hostess and made to feel welcomed. The food is always fresh, high quality and delicious. Waitstaff is attentive, efficient and friendly. Don't forget to try the bread pudding!!! Delish.. Don't know how they make it but it's soooo good. Perfect place to take a family, meet friends for drinks or watch the game.
Very good experience from start to finish. Great ambiance, attentive service, and well prepared and presented food. Good portion size and the food was served hot - something that is not done in a lot of restaurants.
Food is ok, service is sub-par They incorrectly made my dish to the point where I had to send the entire thing back. Cooked my sunny side up eggs all the way through and couldn't make the home fries well done. The waitress finally brought out the new plate of food when my girlfriend was done eating and nothing was taken off our receipt. They even had the nerve to charge $2 for an extra egg. By the way, their bellinies had ice in them.... I would absolutely never go back to this place and would never recommend it.
This place is clutch. Don't be fooled, this is not just a bar with some bar food. This is a restaurant with a bar. My boyfriend's parents are here EVERY Friday night and I've gotten to know some of the servers and management. Joe is a fan favorite (thanks for mortifying me on Friday with a 28th birthday candle regardless of the fact that I am 23 and it wasn't my birthday!) Enjoy the complimentary soft pretzels and pick some different apps for the able. I love the chicken lollipops but everyone else thinks the calamari is "holy crap good." I've had a lot of things on the menu and everything from the chili to the tacos to the salads are great. And I'm usually in the mood for dessert and highly recommend the cinnamon ice cream. Give this place a try and I promise you won't be disappointed!
Lamb burger. Food poisoning. I've vomited 3 times and literally peed out my butt. I'm praying for God to take me and leave my body as a warning to the others.
We had our engagement party here for a smaller group of about 30 guests. The staff was incredible and food was delicious. I would highly recommend this for drinks or dinner. Wait staff and bartenders were very courteous and polite and FAST!
This place is amazing for brunch. My friend and I had never been to Emma's before but were so glad we tried it! First they brought out cinnamon rolls to start, yes please! I ordered the vanilla bean french toast with caramelized bananas and it was divine. It had such a unique flavor you could really taste and was undoubtedly the best french toast I've had at a restaurant. Truly delicious and a treat. The ambiance is great. The logo of Emma the yellow lab is used throughout the restaurant and it feels as if she's your beloved pet too! As a dog lover I found it very charming. The service was a little slow to start but really picked up after we put our order in. I highly recommend Emma's and I will certainly be back!
We tried Emma's Ale House on a rainy day. To summarize, the place is highly overpriced and only suitable for a "special occasion". Parking can be tricky as the only convenient spot is street parking. I ordered a veggie burger and it was buried under 4 inches of kale. After eating all the kale, I see my beautiful highly expensive veggie burger which didn't taste all that great. Oddly, the burger doesn't come with french fries. So if you want french fries, you will have to order it separately. People wear bow ties at this place, so you are expected to be dressed properly as well. It is not the kind of place where you can sit and enjoy a game with your buddies.
Absolutely amazing. Service? What you would expect from a five star. Atmosphere? Outstanding Food? All four of us were completely blown away. So good. NO! I don't work there, know these people, nothing. Visiting from California and can't wait to come back. SPLENDID!
I wanted to like this place until I heard the man who is either a co-owner or manager sitting at the bar complaining about some of his customers to the man sitting next to him. The comments were very anti Semitic. I feel that people should know this before supporting this establishment. It's such a shame because it is a nice little place, but I will never, ever be coming back.
I've been here several times over the years (maybe 3 times a year over several years) as I live pretty close to it, but I only tend to go here when I feel like taking someone out to brunch, and dont feel like going to my regular brunch spots. The food is pretty good. The service is hit or miss from my recollection; and they seem to have pretty high turnover on their wait staff, as I believe I've had a different waitress every single time I've been there. The pretzel starter is fun and tasty; I always wish they gave two per person instead of one. I remember a friend commenting that the lobster bisque was very good one of the times I went for dinner. The brunch foods are generally all pretty good. The prices are slightly expensive from my recollection, but it's to be expected in the area. Parking is only street parking, I believe, but I've always managed to find a spot without walking more than a block. The dog paintings are cute, and a good conversation starter. I would give this place 3.5 stars, but I rounded down because for whatever reason, I dont have the desire to go back regularly. If I did, I'd round up to 4.
My wife & I have been to Emma's a few times, and I believe the food is better than just about anything you can get from restaurant/bars over on Mamaroneck Ave.  If I could walk here, I would be here weekly.  How was the F.S.A.?  (Food, Service, Atmosphere) Food: (first off, the soft pretzel bread is a nice change of pace from regular bread) The menu has your classic American fare on it, and this time around I walked in hungry and went right for the burger with some add ons.  It is a big juicy burger for sure with good flavor, and a big bun to support it.  My wife had a crab cake sandwich with hand cut chips.  It looked pretty good too.  For dessert, you have to try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding - wow.  Super sweet, super good, and will knock you out.  And to boot, they have a good beer menu as well.   Service: I always think the service is kind, friendly & attentive here.  I also actually prefer a big water bottle left on the table - it just makes things easier on everyone.  But oh, please don't ask if I am still "working". Actually I was still eating.  It's a pet peeve, sorry. Atmosphere: You walk into a bar area to start with TV's and tables to start, but the dining area is on the other side.  If you like dogs, all the paintings are dog themed, and fun to look at.  You don't hear the bar from the restaurant area as well.  It is comfy and relaxing.  A mixed crowd here of all ages, and it is family friendly too. Come on a Sunday evening as it is quiet.
One of our favorite places. We used to live in white plains before moving to Manhattan. Love the unlimited free homemade chips at the bar -- salty and sweet. Fresh pretzels on the table for snacks. We ate a light fare... Husband had the salad with crab cake and I had the taco special. Great beer list also.
I am down-grading my review to 2.5 stars based on my most recent experience.  In retrospect, my initial rating was far too generous.  Not the numeric rating, but what I said.  The food is good, but not as good as I sold it. Nevertheless, my last visit to Emma's was rather disappointing.  I got the mac n' cheese, as I usually do, and it tasted very different.  It was rather bland and not as creamy as it has been in the past.  My friend ordered a salad ($12) with chicken (+$7) and he was extremely disappointed.  The size of the salad resembled that of a side salad.  To think it cost him $19 was absolutely ridiculous. My other friend ordered the sliced turkey sandwich and he thought it was very good.  It was a special at only $12, so I guess specials are the way to go. We shared the short rib quesadilla which were actually really good. Overall, I don't think I can come back here and pay the prices they charge, especially since my favorite meal no longer tastes very good.  I still think this place serves good food, so perhaps it was a bad day, but the prices are just too high for me to chance it.
When our group walked in, we were a bit confused because there was no hostess, so we asked one of the bartenders about our reservation, to which he condescendingly replied "Psh, don't ask me." That pretty much set the tone for the night. Although nice, the staff was inattentive, so make sure you're not in a rush, or have more than four people. Our original waitress did not bring the food out, which made it very confusing and awkward for passing food around to people who ordered similar meals. I'll give this place 2 stars for its tasty food (yet slightly overpriced menu, especially for entrées) and cool atmosphere, but make sure you go before or after the rush to avoid long waits for drinks, meals and checks, or snarky comments by overly-agitated bartenders.
Excellent pretzel sticks and grilled salmon chopped salad.  Service is quick, I usually go to Emma's for lunch when time is limited.  Emma's is perfect for a business meeting, or lunch with a client.
Came here for brunch and thought it was great... the complimentary cinnamon rolls were super good, as was the corned beef hash dish I had (which was enough to serve as breakfast the next morning too). It was probably the best version of this dish I've had yet. The boyfriend's philly cheese steak looked good, but I can only vouch for the fries. Best part was they serve Saranac root beer on tap! It was EXACTLY what I needed on a hot summer day. There is metered street parking, but apparently you can park for free at the bank's parking lot or across the street at the rec center. We didn't know this coming in, but there was a sign inside saying so. Save your quarters!
Really great selection of craft beers. I had the chocolate wheat... Omg so good. For dinner I had the salmon burger, which was delicious, a def must try. They start you off with pretzel bread. which is so good. This is a great little spot for dinner. A def must try if you are in the area.
I don't EVER write reviews, but this visit calls for one.  Today, on St Patrick's Day, 330PM.  Dining room had 3 tables, so pretty empty, we were a party of 2. We were seated quickly, waited a bit for the waitress to tell us the specials, and we both ordered. Food came out, it was delicious, corned beef all around. Funny thing though, the last time we saw our waitress, a young woman, was when we placed our order.  She didn't come by to ask how our food was, or if we wanted another round of drinks.  She couldnt even be found to ask for our bill, I had to wave down another waitress. Where was she this whole time?  It seems she was right around the corner, chatting with other waitresses folding napkins...though she was not helping to fold mind you, she was merely sitting alongside them, talking. I have never been ignored to this extent in any restaurant, ever. Thanks Emma's for the good food, you should retrain this server on how to service customers.
Our first two visits at Emma's were great so I brought family for a late lunch - not a good idea. The waitress sat and folded napkins at a table across from ours and paid very little attention to us. We had to approach her table three times to ask for something. This was actually the second visit where we watched our waitress fold napkins but at least the last waitress was attentive. A note to management - napkin folding and other side work should not be so visible to guests, especially when it detracts from service so much. This was one of my favorite places and now we probably won't go back :(
Pretzel sticks are a different and nice start to your meal....the short rib quesadilla is always good as is the Mac & Cheese with smoked Bacon....the Emma's Cream Ale is a nice refreshing adult beverage but the Saranac Root Beer on tap is a enjoyment you don't find often....the Krispy Kreme bread pudding is good but one experience wasn't as good as the 1st with a touch of freezer burn flavor...the bottle of water at the table is a nice touch but ice in the glass would be good the water does get alittle warm at times but a neat and clean appearance
Service was mediocre the waiters were really friendly and talkative appreciated your conversation and presence in their restaurant. The waitresses were snobby and rude and ignored me and my boyfriend the entire time. Forgetting that just because we're 23 doesn't mean we're not going to pay or leave a tip. We both work and have money. Completely discriminating against age because they think less. The hostess who is part owner always has a sour face on her look and doesn't care much for being polite to guests.  The food was average at most. Drinks and desserts are actually really good
They give you this complementary pretzel bread once you sit down with this mustard that has to be cut with wasabi because it'll  make you feel like your heads gonna blow off but ill be honest, I liked it. Ordered the Rooney burger for my main course and it was great, the sweet pickles on it were an interesting choice but definitely not bad. Finished with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding because I was being a fat kid that night and it was amazing.
A reliable, solid restaurant to get well-done classic American food.  The clientele ranges from public servants with a healthy pension to lawyers who attended schools like Notre Dame.  The bartenders aren't easily impressed, but they'll make sure you get your drink.  They wear bow ties, which means they're serious.  I find it comforting, but it does make me want to order the right libation. The beer list is modest compared to a few other venues in White Plains, but solid.  A zymurgist will be satisfied, as they always have at least one Captain Lawrence on tap.  Likewise, the winelist is small, but excellent.  A wine snob will be satisfied. The homemade chips and pretzels were appealing, but it does make it hard to stay carb and gluten free.  They do carbs very well, including french fries.   I do business lunches here; and it's an easy place to meet.   Overall, there is an attentiveness to quality.   It might be a tough place for people who hate pretzels and and are scared of pictures of dogs.
I like to give a place a few tries before I take to Yelp for a review.  That being said, I've been to Emma's on numerous occasions.   While the food is solid and the scene is cozy, I find Emma's to be a bit inconsistant.  This goes for both the food and service.  When I've gone during the week the place is great.  Food comes out timely and as ordered.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  However, I cannot say the same for a busy Saturday night.  The last two Saturdays I've been there I've had to flag down a waitress to take our order.  While the food came out fairly quick, one dish was missing and the burger came out overcooked and missing the toppings we ordered. Don't get me wrong - this place is good as is evidence by the crowds there and the positive reviews here.  A mark of a good restaurant is consistency though - even when there is a line out the door.
Great spot.  The beer selection was great. We had a flat bread special to start which was very good (sausage, provolone, broccoli).  I had the Murray's Brick chicken.  It was a big portion and very tasty.  It was served with a mound of mashed potatoes and roasted Brussel sprouts.  My friend has the fish and chips...another huge portion.  Staff was friendly.   A great spot!
Great food and drinks. You have to try the short ribs and the fries chicken on Tuesdays. They bring you fresh made pretzels when you arrive at your table. Ask for lynk the waiter he is the best.
Emma's has been a staple for us over the years but our last experience wasn't so great. The pretzels to start were hot and fresh and the spinach dip was substantial to share. However, our waiter forgot our buffalo chicken lollipops and seemed way overworked to give us proper attention. The burgers and salad for dinner were fine but our table was way too close to the other tables making for an uncomfortable event. The hostess was friendly and the shots of baileys were quite plentiful but they might consider spacing out the tables and getting additional wait staff to keep their reputation as a friendly local place with good food rather than a no-frills airline looking to stuff some extra seats in the cabin with fewer flight attendants.
Definitely going back for more heart attack comfort food. Our first dinner here was great. Room was pleasant. Service was very attentive. Even though it was a very busy Saturday night, we waited barely five minutes for a table. These people know how to run a business. Pretty extensive drink selection. Lots of beers, of course, but also specialty cocktails and nice wines by the glass. One room is a bar scene with TVs and some tables; the other room is strictly dining. The warm pretzel sticks with mustard were a nice freebie starter. Appetizer of very cheese-y spinach and artichoke dip ($11) came with warm pita bread - almost enough for a meal for two! Our hearty main courses were delicious: very tender Guinness braised  beef stew ($18). The chicken pot pie was kind of pricey at ($19) but it was huge and the menu said that it was made with Murray's free range chicken. Note to traditionalists: it's actually more of a thick soup topped with a rectangular, pastry puff-ish lid and not really a pot pie. It's possible to spend less by going with the burgers and wraps, which come on big platters piled high with fries ($12 to $13). We were too stuffed for dessert but are can;t wait to return and try the Krispy Creme bread pudding ($10).
We may have found our second favorite place in White Plains. Delicious food, great vibe and a helpful staff definitely make Emma's a worthwhile spot. Emma's is like so many English pubs I frequented when I was living in London; comfortable, cozy, and great atmosphere. For me, this type of venue is the ideal spot to have a meal and a drink. Very simple, very homey. I also liked that the building is split down the middle between pub and restaurant. You can dine in, or just grab a pint and a sandwich at the bar and watch a game. The food is definitely up there with some of the better meals we had in the area. Our table ordered the French onion soup, a burger platter with fries,a grilled chicken salad, and a turkey wrap platter, and everything was fresh and flavorful. No complaints from anyone. They also had these pretzel bread sticks which were sensational! It's definitely not the cheapest place in White Plains, but you will most certainly get a solid meal at Emma's. Great neighborhood pub.
The food is ok, the beer selection is awesome, the service was also ok but not the greatest. A little pricey for the food they serve, unless they are going for the gastropub, Spotted Pig approach (which they are not) I happen to like the service/ pub grub at The Tap House in Tuckahoe much better. They also make much better sliders and serve my favorite: Magic Hat No. 9.
First off, the average rating is NOT because of the service. We had a larger party and the service was very attentive and impressively fast. In fact, the service might be what brings us back for another night. Our table had a variety of appetizers, all which were a-ok. Nothing mind blowing or particularly unique. In fact, I'm going to throw it out there and say that none of the appetizers were as good as the free pretzels.THOSE were something to write home about. They had a tuna tartare special that night that was paired with some guacamole and tortilla chips. Unfortunately, the lightness of the tuna got lost in a sea of guacamole, and so what made the dish attractive to me in the first place was not the star of the dish. After we had gorged ourselves on appetizers, I had ordered some sliders. I had the filet mignon with blue cheese and caramelized onions, meatball parmesan, and the cheeseburger. I was so full I couldn't finish them all, but I have to say that next time I'd be more inclined to get three of the filet mignon ones because it simply out shone the rest. My husband had the fish and chips which was enormous and he found to be quite heavy. Beer selection is solid, and they pour a great pint of Guiness (yay!). At the end of the night we asked for a small nightcap of whiskey and somehow the bartender poured us a triple which was a little overwhelming since I"m not one to let good whiskey go to waste... I'm not sure if this is a pro or con, actually. I'll leave that up to you.
Emma's is a really nice little nook and kind of a "hidden gem" of White Plains, located away from WP's busy thoroughfare on Gedney way, Emmas is a relaxed bar/restaurant with a very friendly and welcoming waitstaff and beautiful and unique artwork depicting a bunch of friendly and colorful canines. You start your meal off with warm and delicious hot pretzels and mustard and a bottle of pure still water in a cute carafe. The menu itself is diverse and Emma's does boast a number of specials. If you're after a hamburger or just a sandwich, there is something on the menu for every mood. I've heard their salads are also especially good. This place is really great, delicious food!
Emma's Ale House is big time if you're looking for some down to earth, casual comfort food and pub fair.   Great Burgers, really good Chicken-Pot-Pie and tasty, fresh Salads.  The pretzel roles the bring to the table are also pretty awesome.  They also have a nice beer selection to boot; which is always important to me. Definitely, definitely worth a try with some friends or family.
Great irish food.  Got the steak salad and is was basically a whole peice of steak (cut up) put onto a mesclun salad.  Place is amazing. I can only imagine their beer selection and bar food is just as amazing.  I'll definitely be going back to this place. Bit on the pricey side for lunch.
Solid location in White Plains. I actually seen ads about this place but had no idea where ti was. Little did i know that this gem is literally less than 5 minutes from my house. It's a small sized pub, but it packs a good punch. They dont have a vast selection of draft beers, but the choices are good. In addition, their bottled beer selection is much larger than their draft selection. The food here is pretty good too. I tried the Salmon BLT, and it was healthy and yummy. The salmon was a bit fishy tasting but other than that, the overall sandwich was quite delectable. It came with a side of potato chips, which i believe they make from scratch. They even sprinkle some old bay seasoning on the chips. It seems like that they don't salt their chips, only just a spritz of old bay, so it's pretty healthy compared to other places. Overall, my friends seem satisfied with their food. Def willing to trek back here, especially since it's so close to my home. They also have decent amount of flat screen tvs, so you'll def get your pick of sports. Came by here to watch the Giants/Cowboys game and the place wasn't that packed at all compared to other White Plains bars on Mammaroneck Ave. This place is def a hidden gem. My only complaint here is the spotty service. I mean sometimes they're attentive, and sometimes they're like nowhere to be found because they're talking to regular customers. Also, some of the patrons can be quite obnoxious. When the Cowboys scored a TD, and we all moaned, 1 patron was just being a smart a$$ and making an annoying comment. My friends and I just took it in stride and just let it go though since the guy looked like a shrimpy old fart, i guess that's the typical look of a Cowboys fan. Oh well.
This place is fine. yep, just fine. Not great. Not bad. It is a nice cozy restaurant/pub on gedney. we had okay food. It's nice to find a place like this that isn't smack in the middle of downtown. The food is decent, but it is really quite pricey! The bar is also rather formal feeling for a place named after a dog. I like the fact that the bartenders wear bow ties
Went here for a business lunch yesterday. Quite  a nice find in White Plains. I hate venturing downtown, its all the hassle of Manhattan without the culinary selection. Emma's is a gastropub. Focused around beer selection, but with "gourmet" entrees and prices. I had the fish and chips and I was not blown away. The fries were over cooked and the fish was too doughy and wasn't crispy enough. I would try it again, if in the area, but I won't have high expectations.
A solid neighborhood performer and favorite (this can mean crowds and an exceptional wait on busy nights - on our first attempt we were just told to give up and go away).  Noisy bistro pub with good service.  Solid savory options that satisfy without necessarily blowing off one's culinary socks.  Fairly creative and well executed dishes. Yum. Just no Kapow. The cookie soufflé dessert, on the other hand, is a major sock blower. Exceptionally good.  Wowzer.
I went there with my kids once and it was a quiet experience, exactly what we were looking for. The sliders were too spicy for the kids, but there was enough food to share and the pretzel bread was good (sometimes uneven quality, but when fresh very good). I went there with my friends once in the evening and it was cool. Great place to grab a drink in a classy, traditional bar setting. Would return on either front to try again, and plan to.  Classy dog theme for dog lovers.
I loved the vibe, the drinks, and the menu.......I was there with 6 people on Saturday night.  We waited an hour for a table, even though we had reservations and we didn't really mind.  The noise level was cacaphonous. The menu was terrific and lots of things that I wanted to try, but unfortunately I wasnt impressed with the execution of some of them: The chicken lollipop appetizer is supposed to be the double boned wing piece with one bone removed and the meat pushed to the bottom and the little bone serving as the "lollipop stick"  Here, they took a shortcut and used the thicker wing bone and cut the end off.  It was meaty but messier to eat that way. The macaroni and cheese with smoked bacon and peas was outstanding. The spinach and artichoke dip with pita looked beautiful but honestly, was tasteless. The french onion soup broth tasted great (not cloyingly sweet or salty as so often found) but the cheese wasnt crispy on top from a salamander (broiler), despite specifically requesting it be browned.  It seemed like provolone or commercial mozzarella that was melted in a broiler. The chicken pot pie tasted good.  It was served in a round ramekin bowl, not much bigger than the onion soup bowl with a piece of puff pastry that was baked separately from the pie and placed on top.  The filling was tasty but the whole thing left me wanting more.   I tasted my wife's Filet Mignon special.  We both felt it was a little tough but the sauce was delicious. We kept watching these gorgeous looking desserts being served so we ordered three for the table.  The Sticky toffee with vanilla ice cream was more like a bread pudding.  I loved it but others werent thrilled.  They prefered the warm chocolate cake with ice cream, which i was less crazy about.  the apple tart with cinnamon ice cream was popular as well. All in all, I'd say I was quite pleased with the experience and Im anxious to try more of the menu.  If you are looking for a quiet relaxed dining experience, this isnt the place for you on a Saturday night.  If you are looking for a casual pub with very reasonable prices, and potentially great food, then I highly reccommend Emma's.  For us, it was a good alternative to our usual hang-outs.
Service: Five stars Beer: Four stars Food: Two stars My Cuban sandwich was hard to get down--pork is *so* easily overcooked, and boy, they cooked the life out of this one. We came to Emma's because we'd been meaning to try it, and although the selection of beer on draught was great, I was expecting more information on the menu about its having been certified a green restaurant by the Green Restaurant Association, and also perhaps more about its use of local ingredients, if any. My fries were lackluster. I was sad. I expected to be blown away, but seriously, the pork in my Cuban kind of makes me wonder what the rest of their meat is like, and it's becoming more of a deterrent than I'd like to admit. Le sigh.
Emma's ale house is never a bad call. Everything on the menu is good. Good wine and beer selection too. Very friendly. Great place to go on a date.
The atmosphere and food at Emma's are excellent and inarguably top notch.  Only thing stopping a five star rating are the top notch prices.  Appetizers are amazing (Mac n Cheese A+) and salads are incredible.  The braised short rib entree is amazing (however almost $30).  The bar is beautiful and wait staff excellent.  Highly recommended.
If I were basing this review *just* on the entree I had (a burger) without having ever stepped foot in the restaurant itself, I'd probably give Emma's no more than two stars.  Ultimately, however, it's the "little things" that push this place up to three stars (3.5 if Yelp allowed it!). The decor here is lovely, perhaps even a little too lovely for the food that accompanies it. Nice wooden chairs, cute framed posters of dogs (Emma is apparently the owners' yellow lab), nicely designed space: it almost overpowers the menu, which is mostly just a mix of standard American food. I was pleasantly surprised, however, by the warm pretzel bread that was delivered to my table, complete with mustard. It made this Philly boy feel right at home. Another surprising food item: the French fries. They had a little hint of sweetness to them somewhere that made them irresistible. Likewise, I was quite pleased with the service here. The wait staff was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing.  One of the servers, upon noticing that I was dining alone, asked if I wanted a newspaper, a very nice touch. As noted above, though, the burger was underwhelming, with no seasoning to speak of and lumps of cheddar cheese stuck on top.  If I were doing carryout, I wouldn't bother coming back. But the in-restaurant dining experience is worthwhile.
Excellent atmosphere, this place was hopping. We went on a Saturday night around 7pm and there was an hour wait for a table, good thing we made reservations! Great choices of beer on tap, very friendly bar staff! The food was great, they bring amazing pretzels before your meal! Those were gone in an instant. We all had great entrees! Would definitely go back, so many things on the menu that looked great!
Went for lunch. Yes, this pretzel bread sticks are yum! Staff was attentive and food good. I liked their veggie burger but would have preferred a savory option relish. A very sweet berry relish is served with the burger. Metered parking out front can be a challenge. An employee pointed out to me that free and ample parking is available across the street in a large parking lot.
Emma's is one of our favorite local restaurants. With the exception of one flat bread pizza special (Gruyere and portabella mushroom with too much cheese and not enough mushroom), the food has always been very good. They have a nice beer selections and the staff is always friendly and efficient. There is a comfortable (not-trendy), neighborhood vibe and though it can get busy and noisy, we typically sit at the bar on Sundays or weeknights and avoid the crowds.
First time customer and will be back. For a restaurant thats off the beaten path, this will be a repeat spot for me.  Started with the mac n cheese appetizer w/ peas n bacon...so good. The menu looks good, and has enough variety to keep you coming back.  The drink menu was basic  but good non the less.  This place has a bar side where u can watch the games and hangout or go to the restaurant side.  The service was friendly and attentive, checking back ever often, especially after bringing warm pretzel rolls and spicy mustard as soon as you are seated.  Great date spot or place to hang with the fellas. Now from the female's perspective: Emma's has a bistro, new american vibe when you walk in. Very warm and cozy. Lots of dark wood furniture, brown panels on white walls. Menu is very eclectic, yet works together. Classics in new and updated ways. Fries? Add truffle oil and garlic. Wings? Make them into lollipops and serve them on a plate of blue cheese. Pizza? Becomes flatbread with gruyere. We started with the mac and cheese with bacon and peas. Very delish. Creamier than expected. The bacon? Smoked, salty, chewy and crispy chunks. Lardons if you want to get fancy. I had the meat special. Hanger steak, fingerling lemon roasted potatoes, and creamed spinach. I subbed out creamed spinach for sauteed. The entire dish was amazing. The steak was a little rare as opposed to medium, but juicy and perfectly charred. And it came out sliced in thick juicy slices and fanned, which I love. The spinach had slices of garlic and tasted fresh and bright. The potatoes? Charred on one side, perfectly soft and well seasoned. My boyfriend had the Guinness beef stew, served with crispy onions on top. I had a small taste. It was a great stew but i was too in love with my steak to want another bite. The drinks? The wine and beer menu are huge. The last page they have a list of about 9 martinis. I started with a lemon drop that was so strong, and the perfect balance of sweet and tart. I'm a lightweight so my next round i chose the french martini. Just as strong. Which actually is a really great thing!! And equally as good. At the end of the night we were tooooo full to move let alone look at the dessert menu, but because they accidentally brought our the mac and cheese with our dinner instead of an appetizer the owner came over and told us we had to have the Krispy Kreme bread pudding on the house. Out comes this small browned cake looking thing with ice cream on top, drizzled with a salty caramel sauce. It was worth every bite. Overall this place was 4 out of 5 stars. Great prices, great server, delish food, amazing drinks. Oh and the music? The kind of playlist you want if you were hosting your own dinner party. A little Justin, Amy Winehouse, John Legend, Third Eye Blind. Relaxing, romantic and upbeat. We had a visit from the chef and the owner just checking on us. Not only will we be back, I'm pretty sure we are going to become regulars.
Solid local option with a standard comfort food menu and a good selection of draft beers. The menu is a bit hit and miss. We loved the NY strip steak, but were disappointed in the calamari and also the ribs. The location is very nice and the place always busy. The service was nice but had some issues like a a green tea gone bitter or the bar running out of one of the draft beers midway through dinner.
Something worth mentioning - the decor in here is kind've out there. It's all paintings of dogs. I love dogs though, so I'm totally cool with it :)
Yes, indeed, the pretzel stick bread is a real winner at the beginning. We split the spinach artichoke dip as an appetiser, which was good not great and the Philly cheesesteak which also was good vs great (full disclosure, I went to school in Philly so I know great) hence the 3 stars. Staff was nice and accomodating and the atmosphere is very pub like and comfortable. We would return for sure.
I wanted to love this place.  Especially after getting the hot soft pretzels.  Nice touch!  I had dinner with friends once and treated my nieces to lunch on another visit.  Sliders were just ok, mac & cheese was better.  Turkey burger was dry, therefore nothing special.  Fries were served crispy and warm.   My grilled salmon BLT was pretty good.  Twenty one dollars for fish & chips is pretty steep.  Considering the prices there are better pubs around serving similar food.
emma's rocks! from the moment you walk in and all through dinner, our go to place had dinner here last wednesday
Ambiance was nice Service was sufficient. However the corned beef hash was terrible and I lost my appetite just looking at it! yuck
Went there visiting a friend- they took me and I loved it. The "lollipops" were new to me, but I am glad they aren't now... Delicious! Great french onion soup, and the fish was great as well! And even a bar for the local dog...
We've been here a number of times and haven't had a bad experience or meal ever.  Most recently we were here for Mother's Day.  Love the Sunday brunch especially the Eggs Benedict Florentine over crab cakes and the Chorizo Quesadilla...and the Bloody Mary is the best!  Whenever they have Lobster Bisque on the menu as a special we always get it since it is fantastic and the bowl is enough to share.  I only wish it was on the regular menu.  A great lunch item is the short rib quesadilla.  Delicious!  And the complimentary pretzel rolls are an added plus.
Great brunch.  Corn beef hash, excellent, Eggs Ben Philly cheese style, a knockout.Get a bloody Mary to add to the meal, wonderful. Best place for casual dining in White Plains, Scarsdale area.
One of my favorites. Of the beaten path of mainstream White Plains. Food and service are always good and the beer selection is outstanding. A great place to grab dinner and a drink with friends after work .
Emma's is a step above a normal local watering hole. The bar area was well stocked with various liquors, a large beer selection, and everyone seemed very warm and local. As we proceeded to the separate dining area, a gentleman was setting up in the bar to provide the evening's live music (Wednesday night). As much of the staff was warm, so were the surroundings. I guess the name of the restaurant is based off the owner's dog, as doggie photos lined the walls as well as the restaurant logo. We had reservations, so we were seated promptly. The dining area was spacious enough, and we were seated near a more private dining area separated by a panel room divider. We were given some freshly baked soft pretzel bread sticks & mustard, to be honest probably could have eaten these all night. The service was attentive, and although it was pub style food, they seemed to bring up the food quality up a notch. For an appetizer we had the buffalo sauced Chicken lollipops. It was the right amount of heat. These were not dainty chicken lollipops; they could almost be mistaken for chicken legs.  I wish I could have had a separate blue cheese dressing on the side as it was served resting below the chicken lollipops. Great presentation but I wanted to control the amount of blue cheese on my chicken. We ordered 3 entrees. The Chicken Pot Pie, the Short Ribs with Wasabi potatoes and I had the special of the evening, BBQ ribs. The pot pie was perfect, warming and filling, served in a crock dish with a filo pastry resting on top. The short ribs were tender on the inside, while the outside had a nice crispiness. The wasabi potatoes were not too spicy for my taste and it complimented the short ribs. That being said I don't usually order ribs unless I know the restaurant has a smoker. But since it was a special, I figured I'd give it a try. Yes, they were par broiled and probably finished under the broiler, the BBQ sauce was a tad sweet for my taste, but all in all an enjoyable entrée. My fries were a bit on the soggy side so the waitress was nice enough to replace them with garlic mash potatoes. These were perfect. You can taste the chopped garlic and it certainly complimented the sweet BBQ sauce. The highlight of the evening was dessert, a family friend raved about it. It was a Krispy Kreme doughnut bread pudding served a la mode and a sprinkling of caramel sauce. The doughnut was crispy in the right spots, while the center was as moist as could be. The ice cream and caramel sauce were perfect toppings. Though next time I think I would ask them to warm it up even more as to further enjoy the contrast of the warmed doughnut against the ice cream. It was a perfect ending dessert to share. This is definitely a visit again spot when I want some good ol' comfort food.
Been to Emma's a few times now. Chips and warm pretzels when u sit down are quite a treat. Love the mac & cheese and the sliders apps. Favorite slider is the filet mignon with gorgonzola. The lollipop wings are solid, though if going with just the boys, you may need 6 orders. My wife raved about the spinach dip, though I thought it tasted too healthy! Junks of spinach are not my thing, but she and Popeye loved it. For entrees the sirloin was excellent-cut it with a butter knife, also liked the short rib special and the 1/2 chicken - no bones! Get a table in the bar area if you want to watch the game. The server in that area is a great guy. Funny dude. Bring a sweater for the ladies, gets cold in there. Desserts need help, but overall solid!
Best bloody marys in westchester- come here for brunch allllll the time
The pretzel bread that they put on the table is delicious.  The food is solid but not outstanding, but the vibe is great, the service is good and the menu is interesting.  Good bar scene.  You can bring the kids and they will enjoy it.  Stick with the bar food stand ins- a burger, the wings or maybe a salad.
This restaurant was recommended to me by a close Friend. The place is perfectly set up for just drinks then a separate area for a nice dinner. The staff is well mannered and friendly. The best part you can taste how fresh and homemade the food really is. When you are there please try the spinach and artichoke dip. Amazing! I did find parking a little tough but I appreciate how it's not on a main street where just anyone can walk in. It is made for the Westchester Resident or one who has exquisite taste in restaurants.
Very expensive neighborhood place for what you get, food wise at least.  $80 for 2 for a small dinner is a bit out of control for basics.  Bar is decent and it's a great place to watch games with so many TV's.
This place is one of my top spots for hanging with the guys, or taking my girl out to brunch.  The bar area has a bunch of TV's good for the sports games, and the beer menu is AWESOME!  Always great beer on tap, and the Fish and Chips is comparable to the ones I enjoyed in London.
Definitely forgettable...I went out on a snowy night to dine on flatbread pizza that I swore was made by Elios.  The filet mignon sliders were very tasty and they are actually the only reason this is not being rated 1 star.  The crispy calamari was ok but I had to fight to keep it from being taken away by the bus boy every 2 minutes.  Our waitress never smiled and acted as if she was doing us a favor. We had to ask if there were any "specials" which was also an inconvenient request for our server. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the menu was somewhat limited as was the dessert menu.  Im trying to understand why this place gets packed???
this would have been a 5, had our food gotten to our table on time. great wine and beer selection ( i had a mcwilliams shiraz while brett had a palm ale) food ( when it finally got to us) was good. brett had the Guinness beef stew served in a bread bowl ( awesome!) and i had pepper crusted pork chop with an apple and cranberry compote on whipped potatoes. ( the pork chop was very basic, not at all what i expected.) now we got there and there were only a few ppl, slowly it got full and loud which is FINE except we waited forever for our food. ( the kitchen forgot our order, to make up for it we got a round of drinks on the house) i like emma's , its very cozy in a hometown way, but next time i will make sure the kitchen got our order.
My first reservation and search result since using Yelp.com.  I am so happy with how things turned out.  It was GREAT to eat at a non-chain restaurant while visiting a new town;  I'm sure I'll have reason to come back to White Plains, and surely will return to Emma's.  I loved the atmosphere, the service, and the food was excellent.  Who thinks of putting a filet mignon on a sandwich?  It was soooo tasty and perfectly cooked.  My dad LOVED the Guinness beef stew, my sister loved the burger she had, my brother in law loved the hanger steak special, and mom loved the steak salad special.  We were too full to try dessert, but the options looked very tempting.  I will use Yelp frequently now that I had such good luck on the first try! Thanks Emma et al!
I love this place because it has the feel of a pub with great almost comfort food!  They have a very good beer selection with something for everyone.  There short rib quesadilla starter is delicious and I could probably eat it all day long.  Each day they also have a "special" dish, on Wednesday they have ribs.  These ribs were comparable to any BBQ place!  They were delicious and falling off the bone good!  If I lived closer I would go every Wednesday just for those ribs!  The service is also very good and prompt.  I give this place 5 stars because honestly there was nothing I saw wrong.  For what this place is, an ale house, everything was perfect!
I love Emmas. It's a great bar with good comfort food. They have a nice variety and anyone will find something they can enjoy. The pretzels when you first get there are definitely worth a mention and I really like that they only give you one per person. This way you're not going to over eat and fill up on them. Come on we all know how addicting pretzels are! Their portions are generous and you certainly won't leave hungry! They do a great brunch on Sundays too! The waitstaff is so nice and super attentive. Best of all this bar is away from busy Mamaroneck Avenue so you'll get a much different crowd which is nice if you're looking for a change like I was.
Very good comfort food served in good portions sizes.  We were so stuffed having appetizers & entrees, that we didnt even want dessert!  Had the fish & chips, turkey chili, chicken lollipops, & chicken pot pie - all wonderful.  Gets busy for dinner but that is a testament for the good food! So yummy that I wish we found this place sooner!
Excellent establishment!! Everything I have eating is outstanding. Beers as well!!!!
Emma's has become a "go to" place when we want great pubfood. A bit noisey on a Friday or Saturday night, but the food makes up for any distraction. Emma's "master" works hard to make sure each and every guest is happy and well fed. Warning, this place can become a habit!
Cool little place. Staff is decent, service is OK. Food is good, not great; plus it's probably priced itself a few $'s more than it should be. Overall, *Good* and worth checking out, but there are better meals to be eaten in WP.
OK food, way overpriced for even expensive Westchester.  Strangely, not many reviews here mention the exaggerated prices--either everyone is wealthy there or price is not a valid component of a meaningful review for them (eg fish & chips, $21; meatloaf $19, fried chicken $24, 14 oz strip steak $30).   Ambiance OK, service attentive, restroom clean, seated the 3 of us at a bar table (with stool seating) and basically said that's what we have, not asking if we wanted to wait for a regular more comfortable table. 2 of us had cheesesteaks ($13 each) - OK, fries were excellent. 3rd had taco's (4 for $13) appetizer.  With 2 sodas, the total bill with tax and tip was $57 or $19 each.  Overpriced for essentially fast food.  Downtown area has pubs offering fish and chips from $10 to $15 with atmosphere just as good--will go there.
Always a great time here. The menu is imaginative and the food is well prepared.
Great place to go away from the chaos of downtown White Plains. Food was delicous and service was great. It has both resturant and bar style atomosphere. Next time, I plan on just going to the bar for food and drinks. And in case you're wondering, the French Onion Soup was delicious!
Fun, upscale Ale House with excellent food (a bit pricey), great beer selection, and fresh homemade chips that are very addictive!
Great place for food and drinks.  This is one of my favorite places to go with a few friends.
The b/f and I came here for the first time today. Based on other Yelper reviews I figured...brunch? How can you go wrong?!  Well...let's start with not having white or wheat toast.  Yeah. I said. The first thing you think about after you've decided on eggs.   Now let's follow that up with a drink NOT being included?!  Sorry. I was so thrown off guard when the bartender said "no, Brunch doesn't come with a drink" that I almost walked out.  A Bloody Marry or Mimosa is kind of the foundation for all good Brunch plans, Emma's..  I guess the saving grace was the corned beef and hash....tasted great.  I did feel bad for the b/f though - he really wanted his white toast and complimentary Bloody Mary. Let's just say I had to promise him a Memorial Day Brunch on me to get forgiveness. This one's gonna cost me!
Non-descript space.  The pictures of dogs on the walls and the water bowl at the entrance are cute.  The waitstaff were good and the hostess made a couple of circuits of the dining room while we were on the premises.  Drinks were OK.  Food was so-so at best.  The fried fish in the fish and chips was good, but the french fries were soggy, perhaps because they were served beneath the fish.  The sliders were OK.  I was hoping that the salmon BLT would channel the excellent tuna BLT served at the tap house, but no such luck.  The fish was overcooked and fell apart- perhaps salmon isn't the best vehicle for this kind of sandwich.  The whole grain roll that it was served on was sort of stale.  The most disappointing thing were the potato chips. They were obviously home made and a lot of effort went into them, but the seasoning was offputting.   There are alot of families with young children early in the evening, but it is what it is.  I wasn't feeling the love for this place and won't be rushing back.
Had the short ribs...AMAZING! had enough left over to bring to work the next day! Waiter was very attentive. Will return
I was immediately super impressed with Emma's when, shortly after we were seated, they poured water for us and left the bottle of water on the table.  As avid water drinkers, this was a huge plus for us.  As others have mentioned, the pretzels before the meal are a great touch. We had the mac and cheese to start, and it was absolutely delicious. I had the lamb burger, and I was a little disappointed.  Although the burger itself was pretty juicy, it was still lacking.  I thought a nice cucumber sauce on top would have made it much better. My husband got sliders--filet mignon, cheeseburger, meatball parm.  The filet, surprisingly, was only eh.  But the other two were great. As it was my birthday, we also treated ourselves to the chocolate chip cookie souffle for dessert.  Holy cripes that was freaking amazing!!!   We went on a Sunday, late afternoon, and the place was almost empty.  We will definitely be back.
Can you believe warm chocolate chip cookie dough with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and hot fudge sauce on top of that?  Deserts you can not beat! On top of that a warm, friendly atmosphere filled with neighbors and a beer selection that is the top.
The menu is small, although innovative. Lots of good ales, beers, which is its selling point in my opinion. I stop by here for a drink and nosh with my husband once in a while. Service is fair, but not awful. It's a nice place for a town crowded with noisy mediocre meat markets-- Hope you like dog photos.
A perfect neighborhood place for excellent food, beer and friends.  Service is friendly and caring.  Fresh food served hot, with excellent portions, flavor and quality!  Nice beer selection but they should try to rotate the draft beers more frequently.
Emma's quickly became a favorite spot for my boyfriend and I. I took him there for his birthday last year and from the pretzel bread sticks to the spinach artichoke dip to the amazing burgers (we like to get Emma's burger with bacon, egg, and cheese) the food was superb! We've been back many times since and have brought both of our families. We've never had something we didn't like. I recommend the burger, fish and chips and chicken pot pie!  Wash it all down with Emma's Cream Ale and you are all set! The deserts are out of this world too. Go to Emma's...you won't be disappointed!
This place is simply awesome! Decided to go in for afterwork dinner and drinks, and I am definitely a fan. The only downside is that the place is small, but the food makes up for the size! The pretzel appetizer- a nice surprise. I ordered the mac and cheese and burger, both were amazing!@ I have to say it was the best burger I've ever eaten! My friend got the french onion soup and the fish and chips, and after having a bite of each, I can say that both were just as great! I will be back for sure, if not for the atmosphere, def the food! A favorite in white plains has emerged.
If I could give zero, I would. My husband and I went there today around 2 for the first time. We sat in the bar area, at a table and ordered the popcorn shrimp, the VANILLA bean French toast and the Emma burger. I asked our waiter ( who must also be the bartender) if there was cinnamon in the VANILLA bean French toast and he said "No." with total confidence. Great, I told him, I hate cinnamon and would order something else if it was in there. We waited about 20 minutes or so and out came my FT and my husband's burger. No popcorn shrimp ever came.  Ok, whatever. Before I could even take a bite of my food, I could smell cinnamon! They don't just put some cinnamon in, they put a ton. Vanilla bean?? What happened to vanilla bean? My husband's medium rare burger was raw. And I mean RAW in the center. We are not people who are freaked out by rare by the way, but this was raw. So we wait a few minutes and try to get our waiter's attention but he couldn't have cared less and never came to the table to check on us. So I eat the bananas (which were plantains and pretty tasty) on my FT and the hubs eats around the raw and all of his French fries. We wait another 20 minutes and have to flag down the bartender and ask him to wrap up our food. We figured our dogs could eat it. He brings us the check instead! So my husband asks again to wrap up the left overs and they guy takes just my husband's plate, leaving mine!! He didn't even ask why I hadn't touched it! When he came back, I put my FT in with my husband's burger bc in the end, my dogs don't care and obviously neither do the people at Emma's. Ironically, the place is named after a dog.
Emma's is just a great neighborhood place.  Casual, but trendy and the food is really good.  A great place to go with a group.  Sunday brunch is good, but no pretzel bread to start--you get cinnamon rolls instead.
went for brunch, my second time there this week. vanilla bean french toast with caramelized bananas was really good, much bettter tasting than it looked. eggs benedict was also good. Not amazing brunch compared to NYC but definitely a good choice in Westchester.
I am from out of town and wanted to go someplace on my own off the beaten path in White Plains. After reading the other Yelp reviews, I decided Emma's was the winner. I was treated very well by both the owner/hostess and the bartender while seated at my own bar table. The complimentary pretzel sticks were great. (The deli mustard was incredible!) I ordered the Guinness Beef Stew. It was very good but not "excellent" as described by the bartender. In all, I was quite happy with this place and will come back if in the area again.
A great hidden a gem in white plains. Love the complimentary pretzels they give you as a substitute for the typical bread. The food is great too - I usually order salmon or the crab cake sandwich, both are very good. The ambiance is nice too, casual but a bit more upscale than you typical bar. Love this place and looking forward to the next visit.
food great very big portions though.
It's okay, too focused on sports games and stuff and there are always a lot of drunken old white people. But it's chiller than the downtown WP bars and there is plenty of on-street parking in the area.
A great addition to the White Plains area! It is great American food with a wonderful modern yet comfortable decor.  The crab cake, the beef stew in a bread bowl and the desserts are amazing!!! On weekends get there early or make a reservation as it gets packed.
Great beer, good food & service!
Nice place, would come here again.  We did brunch here and the food was pretty good- the pretzel breadsticks that you get before the meal to munch on were sooooo yummy - we asked for seconds.  We had a variety of plates, egg benedicts, omelettes, french toast waffles, etc  The egg benedict was really good - we also did dessert - I didn't try this yet but they had krispy kreme bread pudding.  O_O  will definitely be going back to trying that.
We had Thanksgiving dinner here last evening and it was very good.  Enjoyed the pretzel bread and both appetizers (lobster bisque and salad) were good.  Turkey dinner was very moist and sausage stuffing was excellent.  Service was outstanding.  One of us had the steak option and it was served at the proper temperature as ordered.
No wonder the pretzel bread is in your pic.  It's the BOMB!!!  Yum, yum.  And when I get a craving, it's for your fantabulous Salmon BLT with a delicious, albeit SMALL, green salad.  Just wish it was big enough to take 1/2 home.  A little pricy for what it is and that's why we don't come more often.  Need to offer discounts rather than just advertising in every bus stop in Westchester County.  Also, they can't keep up with the crowd when it's busy.  Go for lunch for better service.
As a resident of White Plains, I find that it is my duty to yelp such a fine establishment as this one. The location is off of Mamaroneck Ave and not really near any of the other familiar bars/rest. in White Plains. That said do not expect a young crowd as it is a little older but still fun. It appears that an old Black Bear bartender opened this spot up and took along some of the familiar faces. Once you take a look at the menu you will quickly see that it is not your normal bar menu. They have items like Chicken Lollipops, Wild Salmon, Lamb Confit, Portobello & Gruyere Flat bread Pizza and your usual bar favorites. Draft Selections looked good but nothing out of ordinary. I do have to recommend one drink/shot that is appropriately called "pineapple goodness", you will not be disappointed. The two small things I did not like was #1 the size of the bathroom and #2 the wait to get a table. Other than those small Cons, I enjoyed almost every aspect of my visit to Emma's and look forward to coming here many more times.
I had the best French Dip sandwich at Emma's for Sunday brunch.  This sandwich gives new meaning to the phrase "melt in your mouth!"  The beef was thinly sliced and tender as can be, with perfect au jous.  Can't wait to go back!!
Food was okay but very expensive. Not much of an ale house, they only had 7 beers on tap and 3 they didn't have. More of an eclectic place to go. Wouldn't go back because of the costs were just too much for too little.
I love Beer and they have all the Beer's I love. Great food and the staff is "FUN!"
As I write this, I'm still trying to get the taste of raw food out of my mouth and hoping the feeling of nausea will leave me. I've been to Emma's several times and always enjoyed my food. I went tonight with a friend and we told them we were in a hurry. They said it would be no problem. My friend ordered the pork chop and I ordered the ravioli. Our food was served to us raw and cold-absolutely and completely inedible. Our waitress, who was very nice and apologetic, said that the cook was new and was getting yelled at. My friend and I then decided to order the turkey Cobb sandwich and split it. But it took so long to get it, we had to get it to go. When our waitress brought our bill, I expected some compensation, that maybe they'd take the drinks off, or not make us pay for the turkey sandwich. I actually thought they might take care of the whole bill for us, considering the whole dinner was such a disaster. The only thing they did was take off the two ruined dishes that they served us. I mentioned something to the woman up front and she was pretty dismissive. This was the worst dining experience I've ever had. I know they didn't have to do anything for us, but if they cared about keeping me as a patron, they should have. I won't be eating there again.
they bring fresh baked pretzels to all the tables...'nuff said.
