One of our favorite places for fresh veggies, wraps, cheese, specialty items and the best thin-sliced pizza in town.  Nice folks as well.
I had a slice of pepperoni pizza and a peanut butter brownie today. The pizza was absolutely delicious and gets a five. The brownie gets a three. It was pretty good, but a bit too sugary. The service was very good. My one complaint about this place is that they sometimes sell day old baked goods, and so you need to ask whether it was made the same day. I've had quite a few cupcakes from here, and can easily distinguish the fresh ones, from the day old ones, and so I always ask, and you should too. No sense paying $3 for old cupcakes.
Nice place to relax and read on a Sunday afternoon.  Their sandwiches are pretty good and they sell a lot of gourmet cheeses and groceries.   We've picked up pizza dough, cheese, etc. from here and have never been disappointed.
Update. Stay away from the foods that locals don't normally eat that can have a long shelf life, like preserved or candied ginger. I bought boxes without careful examination and by the time I got back to my hotel, I noticed the label was yellow from age and there was a thick coat of dust and soot on the lid.
Broccoli Raab and Grilled Chicken Roll is excellent. Try to go here on a Sunday though because they seem to be really busy during the rest of the week, especially during lunch.
where's the swiss paid and sat down at a table, opened my wrapper to find my cheese missing, usually i would get it but the warm, rare and juicy roast beef in my hero was so damn good, it doesn't need cheese to distract! can't wait to go back and try the fresh turkey and pork
I love this place, everything in here is great food is amazing fresh cookies all day and a big jar of nutella the best...... The only reason is that they don't have servers to take care of you, but besides that everything is AMAZING.......
I stopped in to check the place out, and left with a "personal"-size pizza, and a canole.  The pizza, the "chorizo" style one, was very good, and enough to feed two of us for dinner.  The canole was excellent! Prices were high, but not unexpectedly.
Mangia Bene at this place. Save the trip down to arthur ave. Sampled items from their bakery department like the cannolis, red velvet cake, those little marzipan cookies(i forget the name are amazing). Also had a nice hero, grilled chicken, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers, prosciutto di parma, fresh mozzarella with a balsamic drizzle. It doesn't get much better than that folks. You can find all sorts of italian items not found at the local grocery store. If you are in the neighborhood I would stop in for a bite.
Good food, huge selection. If you can't find what you want just ask the owners who are always running around, theyre always happy to help.
Such a great surprise to find this fabulous restaurant/ cafe which serves homemade Italian food, brick oven pizza and prepared foods/ salads/ sushi to take home. It also has wonderful cheese selection (best I have seen outside of Manhattan and the Bronx). It also has a coffee/ expresso bar with great biscotti. They also do amazing catering for small and large parities and make beautiful gift baskets. There is indoor and outdoor seating and the location is perfect on Mamaroneck av in WhitePlains.
Good selection. Gets rave reviews from my family for the best Italian delivery in White Plains, and a great place to shop for meats and cheese. They brought the NYC eat-in deli concept to White Plains, which was a very smart and welcome move. (Thank you, I.T.!) But $10 on average for a sandwich? Come on! They're big, but unless you're going to eat it for two days, it takes away from the experience. I have to deduct a star for that.
Quaint little deli *slash* market. Has a little something for everyone. And everything looked very fresh to me. Also, the staff was delightful....very friendly.
This is a great lunch spot in the White Plains area.  They offer make-your-own salad, sushi, pizza, baked goods and an excellent deli area.  Customer service is extremely good and the prices are reasonable.
A local place with fresh food, pizza made to order, desserts to drool over. Since this placed opened I've been a regular and friends of mine enjoy it as well.
LOVE the Iron Tomato. We usually have dessert here and the absolute BEST chocolate peanut butter cookie EVER! We usually walk there at 10pm just to get our after dinner fix. Amazing place but definitely pricey.
What other place in White Plains is like Iron Tomato? Seriously. What comes close? Imported Italian goods, fine gelato, amazing brick oven pizza...? Where else are you going to go? Applebee's? Buffalo Wild Wings? Huh? Where? I'm talking to you. Answer me. Where else are you gonna go?
Favorite deli in the world....food is top-notch, high quality and worth every penny...staff are friendly, courteous & willing to help however they can
Im a regular here Id say at least 2x a week-staff is ok-selection of goods is amazing & its very easy to find something for everyone. The food is still good but it use to be a lot better with fresher ingredients. The bakery is awesome but prices are ridiculously high for an Italian deli/bakery in Westchester
Was good by no means great.  Great location and decent prices $2.50 for a good slice of pizza and $5.25 for a personalized small chopped salad, hard to beat these days.  However some staff just seemed annoyed at being there while others were pleasant. Have heard some bad stories about finding mystery stuff in your food, not my experience though food was fine.  Also bathroom not the worst I've ever seen but definitely could be much better especially for a food establishment.  All in all not bad for a quick bite in between doing stuff in WP.
I had friends visiting the area and I took them here for lunch. I'm not much of a deli person, but they wanted sandwiches and this was the best place I could think of on the spot. Most deli shops have your standard BLT, roast beef, etc. But here, they have more creative variety like crab cakes or chicken parmigano sandwich for just a tad more money than average. That interesting variety continues into most everything else they have - soups, pizza, cheeses, meats, drinks, etc. But service can be slow ordering lunch and even a bit disorganized.
Apparently this place has been here five years and I never heard of it (no idea why, it's great!).  I'm an extremely hard grader, that's the only reason I give the Iron Tomato a 4.5 instead of 5. Great little Italian Market taking up two storefronts on Mamaroneck Ave, with prepared food ranging from sandwiches, pastas, pizzas, daily lunch special, build your own salad bar, sushi bar, bakery, great cheese selection, meats, poultry, perfect for lunch or take home for dinner.  Petite Fillet with caramelized onions, cajun mayo, gruyere on baguette is spectacular sandwich.   I wanted some food for a barbecue.  Steve personally took my order.  Two pounds of Skirt Steak trimmed in teriyaki marinade, two pounds of thin sliced chicken breast in italian/oil/pesto type marinade, one and a half pounds of sliced vegetables salt peppered and oiled, pasta salad with vegetables and mozzarella balls, plus four huge cupcakes to top it all off, came to about $80.  I can't wait to barbecue again and have them prepare everything for me, I was the hit of the afternoon with meats and vegetables. Very highly recommend, entire in store staff is all extremely nice and helpful behind every counter, and the owners/managers were out of their way nice.
Great Italian food,produce,meat,fish.Imported Olive Oil,Canned Tomato's,Sharp Cheeses. Hot and Cold sandwiches.Table sit down area. PIZZA AT IT'S BEST!
I was in White Plains NY for the wedding and I was looking for a place to eat.  Based on reviews, I visited this place and I wasn't disappointed.  The pastrami sandwich that I ordered was huge and delicious.  The atmosphere was great and looked like a local Italian Grocery Shop.  Amazingly friendly staffs were very helpful.  They made sure you were taken care of.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a great sandwich.
Iron Tomato is a great place to go for lunch or for dinner.  They just opened their new bakery and Joe the Baker is absolutely awesome!!!  The cannolis, macaroons, biscotti, nutella cigars, etc... are excellent.  I highly recommend that you stop by and grab a bite to eat, enjoy a glass of wine while listening to the man play the saxophone and have dessert while enjoying an espresso...
Hands down, my favorite place in White Plains. The only thing better than the food is the customer service. The entire staff goes above and beyond, especially Tom behind the sandwich counter. Stayed late one night to make our order, and it was outstanding, as always. Try the SW10; its my favorite!
I've been coming here for years and have always loved the wide selection of food. I stopped in early one morning and I had the best spinach and mushroom omelette. A little pricey but worth it!
the menu looks good.  Sounds good.  But the crabcake specialty sandwich is to be avoided.  I know it's 10 miles from the LI Sound, but this crab cake had never met a crab.  All bread no crab.  Nice arugula.  Nice bacon, nice horseradish.  No Crab. :(
I have been going to Iron Tomato since it has opened.  At first it was an italian specialty store.  I loved that I could get fresh not frozen pastas and raviolis.  It also had produce.  I loved it then.  THIs was pre-shoprite.  I would call and order my groceries for the week.  As the years passed all the things I liked about it have left.  THE Pasta and raviolis are froozen.  THEY NO Longer make their own sausae.  THEY till do make an amazing chicken parm roll.  THEY MAke good chicken parm. and I love their ROASt chicken.  Their coldcuts are cheaper than SHOP Rite and they deliver.
i've never eaten anything here except for dessert. the dessert selection at iron tomato is exceptional. they have a variety of pastries and cookies as well as varying flavors. they have a lot of pastries with nutella, and many fruit pastries as well  -- including guava. everything is beautiful and delicious -- what else can you ask for in a bakery? the cakes, cookies and pastries are amazing. the best cookie is definitely the sarah bernhart.
Oh, how I love thee, Iron Tomato, let me count the ways.   I managed to walk straight in today without stopping at the Bakery Counter, (although the hot apple turnovers just out of the oven were calling my name.).  I decided on the Petite Filet today, SW 2 and all I can say is OMG, this sandwich is Amazing!!!!! Sliced Petite Filet, Caramelized Onions, Cajun Mayo and Smoked Gruyere on a Baguette = heaven.  I usually save the other half of my sandwich since the portions are so large but I couldn't resist. Ate the whole thing.........and wanted more!!!  Went home from work, stuffed from lunch, at what did I find? A boxed Lemon Merengue Pie from Iron Tomato my husband picked up while shopping in White Plains.  Lemon filling topped with merengue and coconut-I couldn't resist. I needed to try ASAP.  As i took a bite, there was an instant gratification, like a party in my mouth.  Lets just say I ate half the pie all by myself.  You are the death of my diet.  Tomorrow, I'll be having the Bakery for lunch.
Best lasagna ever in my life, bar none. Way pricey, but a slice fom the deli is more than enough for two.
Four stars for the salads, and two stars for the sandwiches, which brings the average to three stars overall.  Then it gets another star for the variety that they have (all the cookies, snacks, sushi, food you can ask for). The salads have a great variety of stuff that you can throw in (including kale and fried onions), and they chop up all the ingredients for you.   The sandwiches are a bit expensive.  Each one is about 9 dollars. In general, I think the place is a wee bit expensive, but it's better than the other options around the area. Don't forget your frequent buyer card!
I use to love these guys and I'd pick up $30-50 worth of stuff per week the 6 months im in town. Then quite a few times the wait to order was just too long. The fewer customers in the place, the longer the wait is the rule. The Bakery dept-I'm not sure why they have it as it's nearly impossible to get waited on there at any time. Last time there were THREE people behind the counter, NO CUSTOMERS and no one would wait on me. I dont think anyone even  said  "we'll be with you in a minute".  If they did, they weren't. So i started calling for delivery and things went well for a while-Then they started sending me bigger and bigger Filet steaks though i'd ask for medium size. I was throwing out so much as i can only eat the same thing 2 times in a row and i don't have a cat. The last time i had to throw out at least $7 worth-It's 14.99 lb so i called to ask what to do and the owner told me to  order a specific weight of the filet steak which means they now have to cut it which isn't really necessary if they'd just send me the smaller whole sized ones that they always have but they cant get that together. So next time i do that -order 3/4 lb but there was some confusion and they texted me a question. Anyway the order arrives $37 plus $5 tip. The steak is the right size but i could barely cut it. The first piece i chewed and chewed and chewed and finally was able to gulp it down. It was tough as nails- the next 2 pieces I chewed and chewed and chewed and they had hardly diminished in size and finally i spit them out and threw the steak away. I texted the same number that they used to text me and explained that the steak was inedible- No answer yet 2 weeks later. The last fresh turkey (sandwich) they sent me had some weird texture/grain to it-Parallel lines throughout. The tops of the meat were tough as hell skin and there was also some gelatinous type substance randomly strewn in there. I don't know if it was turkey fat or what. Whatever it was was disgusting and i had never seen it before on turkey or anything else for that matter. I may never eat turkey again. Tonight i call and knowing it's kinda late-2 hrs til close- the first question i ask is if they have any roasted  potatoes left "sure no problem" So i place my order for them and a couple other things and I'm psyched to have some good stuff to eat-Im picking it up. ( BTW last time i called for pick up it wasn't ready when i arrived 5 minutes past the estimated time-the bakery items missing of course) Anyway this time five minutes later i get the call back- "We are out of Roasted Potatoes" "Huh?That's the first question i asked you"!! Why should i, a customer, know from 15 miles away that there was a possibility they would be  out of the potatoes and the guy whose job it is to know has no idea? Why do i always seem to know more about an outfit than the CS people. All anyone knows is what's on the computer. No one can use judgment and most don't even have common sense. I use to order sauteed mushrooms among my delivery items and I'd read the ticket when it arrived-It would read  'salted mushrooms'.   No big deal at all but it's just an indication of the knowledge of the staff and Iron Tom is certainly not alone in this-It's the norm most everywhere these days. Anyway-Order cancelled and goodbye Iron Tomato. I give up.
I have fallen in love with this place. I am a new resident of WHite Plains, and as of yet, have had nothing but amazing experiences with Iron Tomato. My boyfriend and I were venturing down Mamaroneck in search of a low-price brunch option. We stumbled into Iron Tomato in the hopes of some good ol' fashioned bacon egg and cheese (to reminisce back to our 20s) and were not disappointed. We were served quickly, kindly, and with a smile. On repeat experiences, we even miscommunicated our order where they thought we wanted two turkey sandwiches in stead of one. It was clearly our fault, but they smiled and waved us off, saying, "No problem. We'll take care of it." So far, I am more than pleased with Iron Tomato. Next on their list, the amazing looking salad bar and incredibly indulgent cookie selection!
This place kicks ass all day everyday. From their pizza, to their sandwiches, to their salad bar, their bakery,  everything is immaculate and I've never once had a complaint. I had food delivered once, there was a problem, and they fixed it, no questions asked. I wish I could get service like this everywhere I went. There's a good reason they are always busy and it's because of their attention to detail as well as their customer service. Finally a place that understands how important customers are for business,  I will frequent this establishment any time I am in white plains because I know I can get what I want, and I'll be taken care of. Keep up the good work!!
My office ordered from the Iron Tomato today for a corporate lunch. Assorted wraps/ paninis/ spinach salad and assorted italian cookies and pasta salad. I had a veggie on spinach wrap. The wrap had grilled eggplant, squash, asparagus spears. It was meh :/ all I could taste was the burned/ charcoal oil from the grill in the wrap. (Gross). Can we add balsamic dressing inside at least?! Spinach salad was ok... Long leafy spinach with walnuts, cranberries and Gorgonzola cheese with a strawberry vinegar that was the most decent. Pasta salad was overpowered by garlic. As an italian I love garlic but not too the point where I need a whole pack of orbits... Cookie platter was stale... (Disappointed) that's a sin..
I have to say how sorry I am to have to give a place that I have been a regular customer for years such a bad review but after the way I was treated I am left with little choice. IT can be very crowded on the weekend so a few Sunday's ago so I called in a pick up order for 2 sandwiches, nothing special, right off the menu.  They told me they would be ready in 20 minutes and I told them not to rush, I had some errands to run and would stop by after. 45 minutes later when I went to pick up my sandwiches they hadn't even been started and when I asked if they could prioritize them over the 10+ people who were in line I was told no, to get in line and wait. I asked to speak to the manager and the person behind the counter said he was the manager and if I didn't like it I could just leave. I couldn't believe how rudely I was treated and how little they cared about keeping a regular customer happy. Very very disappointing, reason enough to no longer frequent this establishment.
Amazing selection!! Two huge cases of pastries, cupcakes, tarts, and cookies. I got some pignolis and they are fantastic! They also fill gourmet canolis in front of you. They also had a pre-made salad station, pizza, and a deli which I gathered would be good for lunch, but I was there for bfast so I can't say for sure. I didn't give 5 stars because there's no sense of what to do in this overwhelming assembly of food. I had no idea if they did hot bfast (no signs or menu) and the staff seems to speak Spanish mostly. I finally ordered a bagel and a latte; both were good. While being rung up, th cashier was speaking in Spanish to another man behind the counter and only paused long enough to take my money.
A great market in White Plains with a super impressive bakery that would make the cookie monster go bananas. So this is a small Italian market with a seating area to go and enjoy those delicious baked goods/pizzas/sandwiches and salads. They have prepared salads and even a create your own salad bar (priced at per lb). I went with the gluten free pizza and at $9 was delicious and perfectly slzed. Didn't mess with their sandwiches or panini's, but was reminiscent of that Wall St. deli that literally has everything. Did I mention their extensive bakery? Literally any kind of baked good you'd want is here. Oh gelato? They have that too. Great stop on the way to CT and I most definitely would stop again.
The food here is just way too greasy and oily for my taste.  Salads are bland (Lilly Pilly down the street is way better) and the sandwiches are just ... greasy).  I was disappointed to find out that if you order something with no meat on it, they put bacon in its place...which just seems like a cruel joke on those of us who don't eat pork!  Basically they can't get the orders right, the food is boring and greasy, and its' not really worth it.
Great place to have coffee, pastries and work. They're not scrimping on wall sockets, the place is comfy, quiet, has good ambiance. Food is affordable. The 5 boroughs need places like this!
My office orders from here about once every other week for the past year.  I have to say more than HALF the times that we have ordered my order was wrong.  And I never order off the menu.  They will leave the goat cheese out of the veggie Panini or leave the broccoli off the chicken & broccoli pizza.  Makes no sense to me & is very frustrating!  And they usually forget to even bring out pizza's they are just too busy.  Food is great IF they get the order correct!  If it were up to me we wouldn't order from here anymore
I used to love coming here for breakfast, stopping in at least two to three times a week before work for the past few months. But the past couple of weeks my usual egg white omelette order has been messed up. Once made without spinach, another time made with whole eggs. I think because the guy behind the grill doesn't understand English all that well? Anyway the food is good (when made correctly). Hopefully the customer service improves. I'll give it one more shot.
I don't get a lot of items from here because I'm a simpleton that likes to repeat order things. That being said, whenever I get the margherita pizza from here, the world just stops. There isn't anything complicated to say about it, it's pizza and its great. Better than going to your normal pizza shop, and you can order a personal pizza (4 slice pizza) and makes a great lunch to split with someone... but I always eat the whole thing lol.
I've stopped by the Iron Tomato quite a few times to buy deli meat and cheeses, and everything has always been pretty solid. So when we ordered lunch from them the other day we were expecting a pretty competent meal. We got a few sandwiches; the Philly cheesesteak and the Italian combo, and we also got an order of fries. Sandwiches tasted pretty good, but they were pretty soggy. Fries arrived cold as well. On the positive side, they have an extensive delivery menu and delivery was fast. I'll probably just stick to using this place as a go to spot for Italian specialties rather than for take out/delivery meals.
I have to say that my selections have been limited. But what I've had I really like. They have the best cannolis, hands down- fresh, crispy and full of flavor. I recently tried the thin crust pizza and it too was amazing! The dough is delicious on its own. I'll have to try more of their menu items.
When did the it become the "new" Iron Tomato? I miss not being able to buy Italian-imported alimentaries here! It's now become a dedicated food court, from a salad bar to a deli bar to a hot food/pizza stand to desserts. More tables too, inside and out. They've obviously made the change to cater particularly to the White Plains lunch rush...and make waves amongst the massive competition.
If I was rating this place on just the cold sandwiches, I'd be willing to give it 4 stars.  The pizza and hot sandwiches are around 3 star quality. I have never ordered the salads.  The buffet food is not a bad meal, probably 3 star quality. The store has a great selection of cured meats and italian cheeses, but a bit pricey. The bakery is good, 3.5 star quality. The reason why I have to give this place 2 stars is the price.  Everything is $2-4 more than it has to be.  Now, if this place had the best of anything on White Plains, that wouldn't be a problem, but it doesn't. The last straw for me was when I ordered a piece of eggplant parm (probably a 3"x3"x2" piece) and some potatoes.  It came out to $16.  I was beside myself.  What made it worse was that the potatoes were undercooked and the eggplant parm was nothing special, decent, but not worth the price. In summary, great delicious selection of good sandwiches, but just way too expensive.  I have stopped coming here altogether.
Your are overwhelmed when you step in; everything looks great and smells great.  If you pay close attention to what you order, and more importantly, what you don't, and you will get a great meal. The service is not great- slow and unhelpful; they don't really have a smooth system worked out there.  So, you are on your own.  Make sure you sample everything before you buy- I have on a few occasions been served food that was spoiled (today, I was given VERY spoiled egg salad).  Watch on prices; many of the items are reasonable, but just as many are crazy.  The salad bar is pretty solid, as is the pizza section.  The prepared foods is unpredictable, and the bakery is more bad than good. Checkout is a wild experience- they have two registers and long lines.  They never charge you the right amount- sometimes too much and sometimes too little- it evens out.  Seating is scarce and right in front of an active door so it's unpleasant when the weather is cold. All in all, not a bad market if you are careful to avoid expensive and bad items.
I was waiting in line for my food when the owner/manager walked behind the counter and took something off the grill and shoved it in his mouth right over the grill with his bare fingers.  Sort of grossed me out and I decided to get something else for lunch that he didn't grab a piece of for himself. The food is good but so expensive.
If heaven was a store then The Iron Tomato would be it.  Just walking by, you can't help but be distracted by all the goodness that is advertised through the window.  The selection of baked goods will blow your mind.  They have absolutely everything you could ever want in the desert category.   The Iron Tomato also has a great deli in the back.  They offer a wide variety of deli items.  I went with the grilled chicken panini for dinner.  It came with a garlic pesto sauce, grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, and roasted red peppers.  It was amazing.  For desert, I had to get their giant chocolate chip cookie.  It was soft and melty just as I like it. Overall, The Iron Tomato easily gets 5 stars from me.  The baked good section as well as the deli are terrific.  I can't think of anything bad to say about this place.  I would very highly recommend it to anyone.
While the reviews were iffy we still like this place- I've leaned to take reviews with a grain of salt. We've gone here for a quick egg sandwich and iced coffee and always walked out satisfied !
Mixed bag experience with Iron Tomato this evening.  I ordered for delivery and all that went fine.  I ordered a ceasar salad and an eggplant parm sandwich. First the bad... the salad was not that good.  Well, basically I think they forgot to put any dressing on my salad.  It was like eating lettuce with croutons and some cheese.  There might have been a slight hint of dressing if I squinted my taste buds. On the other hand, the eggplant parm sandwich was pretty good.  I was actually expecting like a breaded fried eggplant, but it ended up being more of a... shredded eggplant topping in there.  Was fine, though.  It also has cheese.  I didn't know how the sizes are here, so I ordered the larger size and it was way too much food.  I easily would have been full just having half of it.  I think the bread was pretty good, but it had begun getting soggy by the time I got the sandwich; probably on account of the delivery process. I think I'd order from Iron Tomato again.  Maybe try something else... small sandwich and stay away from the salad.  The menu here is quite extensive.  Tons of options.
WARNING!  Be aware that you will NOT be able to leave without dessert in this establishment.  Just the smell will lure you into the Promised Land, then the never ending wonderful displays of goodies will beckon you.   All this AFTER you get a great sandwhich or panini or wrap..... As you were.....
Had lasagna and my wife had a salad and a Napoleon. We both loved it. Almost like a buffet style. Excellent. We will come again.
This place is just what the dr. ordered on my last trip to NY.  I can only comment on their bakery, however, but the whole place looks positively yummy and I'm sure if I lived in the area I wouldn't hesitate to branch out in other areas of their food.  First let me say that what they have here is a BAKERY.  I will also add that yes, I know that NYers know what a bakery is.  But for those a bit mystified let's suffice it to say that a bakery is NOT located in a Safeway.  The bakery at the Iron Tomato was multo bello!  Cookies, pastries, danish, napoleons, black and whites, ETC...you get the idea.  If you're visiting go here.  If you live here go here frequently.
This review is only for the bakery because I haven't tried anything else. Lobster Tails are excellent. (Had them twice and both times they blew me away) Red Velvet Cupcakes are decent. They are not made with a cream cheese frosting (which is why i had to take a star off)
Issue A - I'm not a 'deli' person. Issue B - There's nothing reasonably priced to eat in Downtown White Plains Somehow, Iron Tomato manages to take care of both of these by trying to pass itself off as an Italian grocery store, which isn't too far-fetched. They've got lots of imported pastas and delicacies upfront (olive oil tortas, anyone), and the produce section is small yet fresh, however let's admit it; you're not here for no stinkin' fruits and veggies. Here's what I've eaten thus far; Pizza Counter -The personal margharita  my favorite, every time. Perfect amount of cheese to sauce - to crust - to basil ratio for a hungry court employee. Sandwich counter - I asked for a small turkey-n-swiss on toast....I got a  1/2 pound of Boar's Head cajun turkey with a 1/4 pound of Boars Head Swiss...on toast. These dudes do not play when it comes to stuffing your sandwich, so next time, I'll order it on a roll, that way the bread won't fall apart under the HUGENESS that is this sandwich. Hot entree counter - the chicken parm with risotto and potatoes was huge and delish...the mac-n-cheese was tasty, but eggy; I prefer my mac to be cheesy...fried zucchini flowers are stuffed with a weird mix of marscapone and (maybe) proscuitto, I think. But they're AMAZING. Cheese counter - the man and woman (I dunno their names) are pretty much responsible for my dairy addiction; samples of fresh mozz, lavender infused goat cheese, fig jam...* drools * Dessert counter (!) - cannolis are freshly filled to order, lots of locally baked chocolates and cookies, gelato/sorbetto comes in maybe 16 flavors. Clean and huge handicap accessible bathroom in the back, lots of lil chairs and tables upfront, and a liquor licence for (presumably) Italian wines is in the works. My only gripe; with Iron Tomato being 2 blocks from my job, I often bump into coworkers, which I *HATE.* Personally, I like to people watch and stuff my face in peace like the antisocial glutton I am....but whatevs; just more incentive to get my order to go, and eat back at the office.
Recommend avoiding this place - I can speak to the 'Italian' options here, having ordered several different ones and been disappointed almost every time. The chicken parm entrée is just boring. The sauce is on the level of Ragu, the cheese is bland, and the breading is heavy. The chicken milanese entrée was worse - same chicken cutlet - DRENCHED in oil, and topped with bruschetta pieces that were tough to eat for the same reason. My third try here was the meatball sub (why do I keep coming back if I don't like it? No choice. Office lunch-ordering politics...). Again, the lousy tomato sauce strikes back, this time covering up the over onioned and over-spiced meatballs on another disappointing sandwich. I'll end the review by noting the the basic chicken panini, with grilled chicken, chese, pesto, and tomato, is actually good. Not something I crave, but a good lunch option that I'd order again if I have to. And I will have to.
I stopped by here with a friend to grab a quick bite to eat. I was told by many people that their calzones were good. I gave one a try and damn were they right. The best Calzone I've had in Westchester. Prices are cheap, so it doesn't take much money to fill up. they have a small grocery section as well. It had many imported items, mainly from Italy. In White Plains, you can find some of the best imported food items here. Give it a shot. You won't regret it.
The food I've had here has always been good, but the service stinks! I can't tell you how many times I've stood in front of a cashier waiting while they talk to a co-worker. Tonight, I went in wanting to treat myself to a burger, and after standing around for several minutes while the one person behind the counter prepared sandwiches for the person in front of me (while others queued up behind me) - I gave up and grabbed one of their pre-made salads because at least then I didn't have to stand around waiting to order. I was on my dinner break, and with limited time I didn't want to stand around while I could be eating. At the cash register, again I waited a bit because the woman who was ending her shift thought that her co-worker would help me. The co-worker was oblivious. However, to her credit (the woman whose shift was over) rang up my purchases, which I thanked her for. I was on the verge of walking out, so she saved the day for her employer.
Too bad I'm gluten free or I would be cookie monster at Iron Tomato! As soon as you walk into the place the smell of the bakery engulfs you and it smells delish! I do love there food though and I often go there for their salads and meats! Top Shelf! The people are always super friendly too!
The Baker whipped up a quick tiramisu for my husband's Birthday and it was very good. Very thoughtful and understanding ..
Went to check this place out when I was starving for dinner and needed a quick bite for the road. Ordered a piece of eggplant parm and mixed veggies to go, asked the guy if it was hot, he gave me one of those shitty "why are you asking a stupid question" looks and pointed to the trays they were in and said "yeah, they're hot". I pay, leave, and walk the 10 feet to my car and, lo and behold, they were lukewarm with unmelted cheese. Eggplant is not freshly made, cheese below average, veggies have some nasty aftertaste. Wish I could give this place negative stars for the overall terrible combo experience.
This place is AIGHT! Nothing crazy and splendid. I hated the fact that as soon i went inside the store to get a freaking calzone, the guy who works in the kitchen started flirting with me. WTF! I want to eat not getting hit on by a guy (unless it was a hot chick). The calzone took a while to heat up, it was a reasonable price but when I started eating it.... IT WAS FULL OF OIL!!!!!! WTF! I can't believe all the damm oil coming out of the calzone. I felt like I was in the gulf oil spill! I don't recommend the place until they add less oil to their food. The calzone was a vegetable calzone, oil calzone actually. If you want to come here and eat that's your prob, i'm staying out of this place for a while.
This is an awesome place! It's hard to be in the area and not stop by for an amazing pastry baked on site. There are also so many different options for lunch or dinner from paninis, pizza, salad bar and all sorts of Italian specialties. Thus far, I've tried a chopped salad, grilled chicken with balsamic dish, the paninis and an amazing sweet potato dish! All were very fresh, flavorful and delicious. This place is a must try-quick, convenient, fresh and very good.
The bakery section is awesome! Really love the cupcakes and cookies. Love is the word.  Got pastries for my office, got a cake for a going away party. Gelato for myself.  Kids love the oversized cupcakes. The fresh bakery smell gets you as you walk in and you may not be able to leave without buying something. For lunch, the selection of pizza, meats, salads, fish, meatloaf, lasagna, sandwiches, fresh salad bar and sushi look delicious...one day I'll get lunch.  It's absolutely packed and the lines are long, so I skip it for now.  Plus Iron Tomato is rather expensive.
The food at Iron Tomato is excellent.  My favorite are the sandwiches.  They always have fresh prime rib that they will thinly slice and put on a bastone with sauteed mushrooms and onions.  They also have fresh roast beef which they slice...I buy it by the pound.  Despite it being fresh and homemeade, it sells for less than supermarket cold cuts, making it an excellent value.  The chicken cutlets are also delicious, as are the combo sandwiches.  The eggplant salad is delicious, and you cannot find it anywhere else.  The best part about it is that it is mostly eggplant, and not fillers such as peppers and onions.  I like the fact they are selling more prepared food and less grocery items.  And they are open later than regular delis if you want a sandwich for dinner at night.  Go here, you will not be disappointed. Dessert looks good but is weak.  Nutella linzer tart was dry, not enough filling.  Nutella cupcakes had no Nutella.  The cupcake itself was moist and delicious, but the frosting was disgustingly rich, thick and sticky.  I think they may have given me the wrong cupcake. I want a sandwich right now actually I may take a ride over...
#Yelp100 This place is simply the best.  Not sure about the older bad ratings, must have been from previous management, but this place simply ROCKS! Great fresh food for lunch or dinner, sushi, salads, cakes, cookies, you want it they have it. Plus, the staff are some of the most friendly people around, you can tell they love what they do and you can see it in their faces and in the food they prepare, they just LOVE it and it shows
I went into The Iron Tomato the other day because a friend of mine had told me that they were open for business, and that they had gelato.  :)  I had a lot of fun wandering around.  It's not a very large store, but there is a lot to look at.  Meats, cheeses, and pre-prepared foods abound.  They also have some fresh produce.  Here's the URL of a web site I found with some pictures: lizjohnson.lohudblogs.co… I was very impressed with the way all of the food looked, but I wasn't shopping for that; I was just there for the gelato!  The prices are steep, but everything looked scrumptious. On to the gelato counter: several different flavors of gelato and sorbetto.  I had one scoop of peach melba gelato.  It really was just one scoop (unlike most other places, which tend to give me more than I want when I ask for just one scoop), and I believe it cost $2.25.  It was SO worth it.  It was heavenly!  Many other flavors were intriguing as well, so I will certainly be going back to test them all. They also have cappuccino (and other espresso drinks, I'm sure) and a wondrous assortment of chocolates and cakes. I'm looking forward to exploring more of what this store has to offer.
Although I've only tried the gelati here, the rest of The Iron Tomato's offerings looked sufficiently delicious to warrant a return trip (for something other than gelato).  The pistachio gelato was superb--silky smooth texture with a subtle nutty taste that actually evoked the taste of pistachios, unlike pistachio flavored gelati/ice creams from other places.  The bacio (chocolate hazelnut) was also quite good, although the taste was not as quite as sophisticated as the pistachio.  Delicious. Aside from the gelati, cappuccino, and pastry bar in the front of the store, the Iron Tomato has freshly baked breads, produce, a deli, and a variety of Italian sundries.  Next time I'm in town, one of their pizza margheritas has my name on it.
Great quality food, great diversity of food (can always request your own sandwhich), and great Frank Sinatra playing all the time. I haven't shopped at the grocery section but this is a good place to go for lunch if you don't mind it being on the pricier side.
I worked in White Plains, NY for 3 years and when Iron Tomato opened this quickly became my favorite lunch spot. I usually get one of the sandwich's from the deli (Italian Combo and Fried Cutlet are my favorites) but I have also tried the pizza's.   All of the food is fresh and made on the spot.  They have recently added seating to the sidewalk out front, making it even better.  The sandwich's are a little on the pricey side but I can promise you, you'll leave very full and satisfied.   Occasionally they will have free samples out so while you're waiting for whatever you ordered you can try some of the other great foods they have to offer.  One time while I was waiting they had filet samples.  While I had what translated to only one bite of a full steak, it may have been the best steak I've ever tried.  Unfortunately I couldn't buy one as I would have had no place to store it when I went back to work.  I hope to rectify this injustice soon and make a trip to pick one up! If you're ever in the White Plain's area I suggest stopping by for a quick delicious Italian meal.
I've come a couple times for dinner, I get a chicken parm with some mac and cheese. Runs under $10 and it's delicious. They have plenty of other stuff that looks good, but I can't ever bring myself to try anything else
Take 10 minutes and walk around this place and you will discover it is nothing but a 5-star gourmet deli with everything you could possibly want, from lunch to dinner to dessert.   I walked in on a relatively slow day and the guy behind the salads counter was giving me samples of food he was clearly very proud of.   He asked me to sample a cold chicken caribbean salad with pineapple and mangos and some savory dressing that was so original and so delicious.  I'd be proud to serve this or bring it to a summer party.   As I was walking out, I noticed Reese Cup peanut butter cookies out on a plate for free samples.  I snuck a 2nd sample because it was so delicious... that's how I roll! LOL. Because of this place I can make a "just heat it up" romantic dinner at home, bring a salad or dessert to a party, or just go sit down for lunch.   I can't BELIEVE some of the bad ratings on here... take the 10-minute tour and I think you will agree with me.
I'm basing this review on three different occasions. The Iron Tomato is great. From the outside it looks like a little bakery, but in reality it offers almost everything you could want. It's a bakery, pizzeria, ice cream shop, super market, ect all in one place. I have tried most of the food from the different areas and they were all great. The pizza is actually really good, the ice cream is good, and the bakery offers so many treats that will make you so fat but smile doing it. The cost is a little higher than most places. But it's not that bad honestly. If you are lucky, you can take your food outside on the sidewalk and eat in their little area set up. If you're in White Plains, this is a nice little place to stop over in and take a look!
what's better than an italian gourmet deli and shop all in one?!? I've been here twice... each time right after my GRE test after not eating for a few hours and trying to think, you need to refuel.  Both times I've had a panini (different ones) and gelato and cannoli's once as well.   I also bought a yummy white truffle olive oil. This is definitely a place to try... there are so many good looking foods here and quite honestly they're all great quality and you can see it.  I will definitely be back to get more of the different foods here.
A little pricey, but well worth it. Amazing salad bar, phenomenal pizza (they use real mozzarella instead of that frozen yellow cheese), and the deli section is on point as well.
Their food is awesome HOWEVER do not order for delivery!! They take forever.  I live about a 5 minute walk from them and the delivery estimate was for 30 minutes and they took almost 2 hours to deliver.  I would suggest eating there or ordering beforehand because like I said, their food is great!!
This vibrant and bustling market makes for a fun lunchtime excursion. The Iron Tomato's vast selection of Italian groceries and goodies reminds me of a typical higher-end neighborhood market in Manhattan, only with wider aisles and a large dining area. The dining area -- which rivals a small Manhattan studio in terms of both size and comfort -- provides a great place to enjoy the market's variety of tasty pizza, soups, and sandwiches. The massive Italian combo sandwich consists of a fresh and crusty herbed Italian roll stuffed with high-quality cured meats (it seemed like enough prosciutto, mortadella, capicola, sopressata to make a small antipasti platter), sharp provolone, roasted peppers, and dressed with olive oil and a generous splash of balsamic vinegar. Though the pungent peppers and balsamic vinegar are a bit overpowering, the sandwich is quite tasty and provides enough food for two meals.
Over priced, average food. A good number of selections though and the only place in the area like this.
The prepared foods are pretty decent and the sandwiches are big. Just a little on the pricey side.
Close to the best cappuccino I've had outside of Italy. It seems like a random place for this to be so, but every cup is made with love-- they take the time to do it right. Also, as of recently Iron Tomato makes fresh donuts, which are great  if you can get them hot. Their salads and wraps are always fresh, (and they have a salad bar), they have a diverse cheese selection, and their prepared foods are definitely the best in the area.
The only problem is narrowing down what to order.  Chopped salad bar is a go to and conveniently located right next to the baked goods.  Never had a bad meal here
This review is for the salad bar only. Iron Tomato makes great salads (chops/dresses) fresh for you- and they're cheap. Big salad. $6. The cashier set up is weird and the tables are really cramped...but I don't care because I can get a cheap healthy dinner fast when I'm in WP.
I really wanted to LOVE Iron Tomato. After reading the reviews, I decided to order their roast beef sandwich and a hamburger. We were told that delivery would take 45 minutes to 1 hour. The food actually showed up 1.5 hours later... maybe the delivery guy had a lot of deliveries today... but the burger and waffle fries it came with were absolutely cold and dry. The roast beef sandwich seemed fresher but it was so bland. I had to add on honey mustard which we happened to have in the fridge. I gave it 3 stars because we went there for gelatos in the summer and I loved the hazelnut gelato. But, the sandwiches were a total disappointment today. Maybe things are better when eaten there.
My favourite place in White Plains. Excellent quality and service, cheap prices and a great grocery shop. Normally I ask for a custom made pizza with bacon and onions. Sandwiches are also great. In the grocery you can find decent fruit and vegetables and some good quality bread.
Awesome Awesome Deli!  They have their act together.  Roastbeef is cooked to perfection.  Coldcuts and the deli selections are fresh.  They have a salad station that is affordable with a wide variety of toppings.  The bakery is to die for and they even have a pizza station.  Highly recommend this place.  No need to go anywhere else for lunch.
Food is on the pricier side, but it's worth it. I love their margherita personal pan pizzas. They have a nice variety of market stuff to buy, if you're just looking for a gourmet Italian supermarket. Their homemade hummus is to die for, I've had it at catered events, but I'm not sure if it is sold in-store. The staff is nice and there is ample seating in the summer time.
The food was ok. Everything is market style and a little confusing as to how to order from each section. It bothered me that everything was premade and sitting out uncovered.
I don't know how the other pizza places in town stay in business... If you want quick Italian food in White Plains, you have to hit this place up. So delicious. I have to recommend the Pizza Rustica and the Pasta Fagioli- both are delicious!
Great hot food, salads, and sushi.  The service is great!
I don't eat at Italian cafe/restaurants enough to compare to others, but as a college student I love the Iron Tomato. It's a nice getaway off-campus, the food is delicious (I've yet to have lunch though, just sushi and snacks), and the environment is friendly, authentic and relatively quiet. I like to go here for a coffee (they have soy milk, always a plus!) and sit outside or inside to do some studying.
U'll find a cozy, warm atmosphere like a child walking to a bakery. Each cake is big and pretty yet the price is still low, around $4 or less. I found the macaroons quite disappointed ($1.25 for each) because they r crispy and sugary instead of soft and subtle. But there's hardly macaroons in white plains so i'll give this place a pass. The cupcakes and other cakes does not have as many colors and flavors like those in nyc, but the store tries to display many kinds of cakes and somehow the atmosphere makes me feel like i'm walking into a decent bakery shop somewhere in europe. If ur finding a midday snack, or ur craving for somethng sweet, u can try this bakery. I dont guarantee the quality, but at least u'll find something to satisfy ur sudden hunger.
Iron tomato has almost every kind of  food you are looking for lunch and dinner. They also have a great bakery with a great selection of assorted baked goods. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Only downside might be the wait during the lunch hour rush, but thats expected.
This is a very nice gourmet grocery store and deli.  We went for lunch and they have tons of options for warm and cold dining in the store.  They also have an insane collection of sweets: desserts, pies, cookies!  I will go back again.
