Some of the most delicious, fattiest, juiciest burgers around. Order a side of fries and a milkshake and you have a well balanced meal. Absolutely delicious. Great toppings for extra money (bacon.. yum, bacon...). I go back and forth but I love the sweet potato fries. Service is alright (when its busy, the kitchen does get backed up) but 90% of the time, it is well worth the wait. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bite to eat and willing to run several miles, just to work off the excess calories. Fan- huge fan!
My kids LOVE this place! The burgers are always juicy and flavorful. The French fries are also very good. They have self-serve frozen yogurt stations with a nice selection of toppings. Sometimes we just come in for yogurt, sometimes both. After school it is a big hang out for the nearby Fieldston & HM kids so the place gets kind of loud.
The Best Burger in the Bronx, and possibly all of NYC.   Simply put, YO-Burger is the perfected alternative option to the Shake Shack-esque food concept. I've had plenty of burgers that were juicy but  often very close to the bland side(salt dries meat). YO-Burger offers the most optimized burger in that respect.. The best of both worlds, juicy and seasoned to perfection... The fries are cut fresh and taste great.. The frozen yogurt complements the burger well.  Have it while you wait for your meal or after your meal. The location has a modern diner feel to it with plenty of seating.  If this place was closer to a subway station there would be a line all the time.. The fact that I've never seen a line is truly a blessing. A true gem hidden on Riverdale Ave.  Thank God, it's in the Bronx!
Yay! Yo-burger opened today! Yes, I have nothing better to do than wait for new restaurants to open in my neighborhood. Just kidding! Happened to be picking up my laundry from next door and realized that Yo-burger had indeed opened. I quickly realized that just like having no desire to do my own laundry, I had no desire to cook my own dinner. So into Yo-burger I went. They actually just opened today, something I found out from the very helpful and pleasant cashier. Got a single cheeseburger (4.45) and fries (2.50) (see picture). Many of the toppings are free, including the lettuce, tomato, and ketchup that I ordered on mine. They handed over one of those buzzy things that make me nervous, and I went to have a seat. PLENTY of seating. Hallelujah! Someone has finally gotten it right. Plenty of tables and chairs, and lots of bar-style seating against the wall and window as well. Chairs and stools are in cool, funky colors (see pictures). The food: pretty good. Fries were yummy. Definitely not a gourmet burger, but good for the price. A guy kept coming around and asking how everyone's food was, definitely a nice touch. Oh, and it's the same owners as Salvatore's right down the street. Naturally, after scarfing a burger, I had to test out the other half of the yo-burger name. If you hadn't guessed it yet, here it is: the "yo" stands for the fact that they have self-serve frozen yogurt with toppings! Both nonfat and lowfat options, I went for dutch chocolate and vanilla with peanut butter cups, cookie dough, chocolate sprinkles and Godiva chocolate syrup (see picture). It's 47¢ an ounce, which seems reasonable to me, but hey, what do I know? All in all, a cool new joint. I'm always into new places in the nabe! Will definitely be back!
Cute place for high school kids, and to grab a quick fro-yo but not the best burger and fries in the neighborhood (the diners in the area have them beat). I'll continue to take the trip to Shake Shack for my burger and fro-yo/shake needs.
Love this place, it's a hidden gem in the Bronx! Their burgers are great and the potato fries are to die for. The grab and go yogurt is my favorite part of coming here! yummmm I've never experienced a long wait time or line here, that's a plus!
Decent burger joint for the Bronx. The only reason why I give this three stars is because I'm comparing it to the standards of Shake Shack in the city. This may not be fair, but compared to Shake Shack, these burgers could be a bit tastier and juicer. The fries (and also now Shake Shacks...) aren't great either, just regular fries. Overall, not impressed with what I got. Probably will order from again ONLY IF I have no where else to eat lunch.
Excellent burger, awesome hotdog & the sweet potato fries are cooked to perfection. Love this place. Highly recommended.
I came here for lunch and everything is a la carte,  its just like five guys same concept and the burger's are very similar. fries were pretty good.  the place has a nice yogurt station and plenty of different toppings for desert.  it was ok for a quick bite!
I found this place by accident while driving to my daughter's house in Riverdale, frantically looking for a place to grab a quick bite to eat after attending an event in manhattan. I was able to place my order quickly. I was not familiar with the menu, but the guy behind the counter was very patient and helpful. He also pleasantly reminded me I hadn't ordered anything to drink, and then waived the 4 extra cents on the bill and rounded down my expense to the nearest dollar. I got my beverage and waited for my burger. I was able to enjoy some playoff baseball on the nice sharp tv on the wall at a table along the window. The food was prepared quickly. I had a double cheeseburger and regular fries. The burger was absolutely delicious. It was juicy and flavorful with crispy lettuce and nice thick slice of tomato. The fries were perfectly cooked. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. This was a perfect quick place to get a burger. Next time I will try some yogurt for dessert.
So yesterday, I was in the neighborhood taking photographs for my academic project (see my talk topics, Riverdalians!) and was elated because I finally had an excuse to visit what I believe is the first self-serve fro-yo joint in the Bronx. Yoburger looks like a Fieldston kid's wet dream: loud dancy pop music with trendy long tables and a Shake Shack-esque menu of burgers, hot dogs, and grilled cheese. It smelled like a Five Guys but I wanted yogurt. The selection of flavors is pretty limited: vanilla, tart, peanut butter, chocolate, and cheesecake. I picked vanilla, chocolate, and cheesecake and noticed the vanilla and cheesecake tasted exactly the same... a little like nothing... Topping selection is decent and the price is lower than in Manhattan (47 cents instead of 49 cents, do the math)... but the nothing-flavored yogurt was a problem. I would like to come back and try the burgers, and I don't want to discredit them completely because the Bronx doesn't have cute little hangout joints like this. Brotip: The yogurt melts quickly. EAT.
Ok so this place is definitely an awesome find! Its located on a cool little strip in the Riverdale area of the Bronx. (There are a few restaurants right next to it that I plan to go back and check out too). The best way to describe this place I would say is a hybrid version of Shake Shack and PinkBerry. The burgers are really good,  you order all the topping your want on it including condiments. I feel it tastes just like a shake shack burger (minus the sauce of course). And the strawberry milkshake was delicious. They have a small selection of self serve frozen yogurt and toppings you can add yourself. The frozen yogurt is priced by weight. As for the ambiance and decor, its a very cool, casual spot to go. I went late on a Sunday night with my boyfriend, we were attended fairly quickly and did waited ten minutes (at most) for our food. I think this is a great option for Bronxites that have a craving for Shake Shack and want to avoid the the trip all the way into the city. I can not speak on the quality of the frozen yogurt (sorry guys) as I didn't have one. But overall worth a try!
Living in the Bronx this place is a hit in the river dale area! We love it. A bunch of other places have open up but this one stands out from other ones such as menchies and 15 flavors. The burgers are a little greasy, the can work out that but all in all this place is great for kids and families.i really recommend it ....
I love Yo Burger! I'm a fan of their Veggie Burger with mushrooms & grilled onions... Mmm!  It's a must try! I had their double cheeseburger and it was extra filling! Make sure you have an appetite! I'm so grateful of their fresh & juicy, flavorful burgers & it's my favorite burger joint of all time! Kudos Yo Burger!!!!  Veronika B.
Great Burgers and fries here. I went on a Sunday night and the service was fast didn't wait to long for my order. I hope more places like this open up in the Bronx. Also the prices are not bad at all especially if you want to compare it to Five guys since a mea there would cost me about 13 bucks over here it was about 10 bucks and you get the same kind of meal. Would be going back again soon.
Anything new in Riverdale is welcome sight, but when Yo-Burger finally opened I was fired up.   As you might have guessed, its 2 services in one, burgers and frozen yogurt.   The design is great, huge windows line the front, allowing plenty of natural light and a real neighborhood feel.   Inside is simple seating areas with clean white subway tiles, allowing groups small or large to grab a table or barstool.   First, lets get to the burger.  Everything is a-la-carte, so I ordered up a cheeseburger, sweet potato fries, and a water.   About $10, not bad for NY.   Everything is cooked to order, and you have it your way. Plenty of free toppings to choose from, including grilled onions!    After a few minutes, my buzzer rang and i was digging in.  The burger was surprisingly good, with a fresh flavor, potato bun, and tasty cheese.  I thought the size was perfect for me, but you can always order the double burger if you are that hungry.   Fries were good too, crispy and fresh.   On to the Yo!  I grabbed a mix of vanilla and mango, and hit it off with a bunch of the fresh fruit toppings.   Plenty of chocolate and other types too, and sauces.   You pay by weight, and mine came in at $4.50, not bad considering it was filled to the top.  Flavors were good, i loved the vanilla but was not crazy about mango.  There are 6 flavors that I'm sure will rotate throughout the year.   I can see myself visiting often for a little yo-snack.   They also have shakes, which I will have to test out soon.   Overall I think this is a GREAT addition to the hood, brought to you by the guys from Sal's.    If you are in the area, you need to check it out. UPDATE:  New Yo flavors all the time, only gets better.  They are expanding soon, more seats!
Yo-Wack! Over priced, rude staff, just ok food. Yo-Burger was so Yo-Wack.   walked in, the girl said something I couldn't understand.  I said excuse me?  It looked like she had a mental fart, looked at the other cashier, held he hands to her head and said I'd have to wait for the other cashier.  She walked away and walked right back.  Yo-Wack!!!!!! Staff looks like they came straight from the penitentiary.  Still managed to get my order wrong.  The grilled cheese is a burger bun inside out with two pieces of cheese.  Still had to ask for my overpriced milk-shake.  The veggie patty is a soggy mess.  Didn't put the toppings on my Kosher "cheese dog."  Didn't know cheese and meat could be considered Kosher.  Fries suck too.   The only reason people put any good ratings is because the food in Riverdale sucks and anything new is a treat.......until you step into the overpriced, rude place and realized that you should have kept on driving by instead of stopping.  First and LAST time I ever go there, let alone look at the place.
Five stars because this is DEFINITELY as good as it gets in Riverdale, at least as far as burgers are concerned. I'm a fan of the delicious, perfectly greasy beef patties, which are crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside despite the single doneness option (medium well). I've never been a fan of those huge, hulking, Jackson Diner-style burgers anyway; these are more along the lines of fast food joints like Five Guys. The toppings are great and always taste fresh, not like they've been sitting around. Sliced onion and tomato are awesome, and you get whole leaf lettuce instead of that shredded iceberg junk. I'm pretty sure they have Frank's at the hot sauce. Good fries and milkshakes, too, with some interesting soft serve flavors thrown in from time to time. Also a plus: the servers are super friendly and the place itself is bright and cheery. For the style of burger Yo-Burger creates, you're not gonna find anything better in the area.
My "go-to" spot for burgers has always been 5 Guys .. no more. Im usually picky when it comes to my burgers, especially thin ones that are usually cooked to well done. I got a double cheeseburger with grilled onions (i can usually put that down without a problem), I couldn't even finish it, but thats just because I was desperately trying to save from for the self serve frozen yogurt :) I'll be back sooner then later.
If you cross out Five Guys, it's the best burger joint around. I usually get a cheese burger, fries, and a shake and I just keep on coming back. All the negative reviews don't know left from right. SUPERB!
One of my favorite burger joints; they're so nicely seasoned and juicy also their milkshakes are the BEST. I definitely think this is the best burger joint you'll find in the Bronx.
Whoever came up with this is a genius. Taking the two trendiest franchises out there (hamburger building and frozen yogurt) and combining them into one restaurant... I wish I had that idea. This place means business. Their burgers are really really good. If you want to compare them to the chains, I'd say they are better than or at least comparable to Five Guys and Shake Shack. They have a lot of great topping options and monthly specials. The fries are awesome as well. Service is pretty quick. They also always have new flavors of yogurt and a ton of yogurt toppings. It's all done by weight and it's self-serve. Prices are reasonable. I think it would just be very hard to go wrong with this one...
I happened to be around the area and noticed this place. I ordered the single cheeseburger with bacon, fresh onions, lettuce and tomato and the regular fries. I waited close to 10 minutes for my food, that might be along time for some. The presentation was amazing. The burger looked like it came out of shake shack. Simply beautiful. The taste matched how it looked. The Angus beef and all the extras just melted in my mouth like a great burger should. The fries were amazing.  Crispy and golden brown, not soggy at all. I liked the look and feel of the place as well.. Very clean. Plenty of seats. I would definitely venture to Riverdale again just to go to your burger.
Great burgers! Prices are reasonable for the quality of food. Frozen yogurt tastes just like ice cream, so they got me on that one! Blows 5 Guys out the water!
Don't waste your time or your money... Over priced soggy burgers and fries and the yogurt tastes like chalk or at least only 1 they let me try!   What kind of yogurt place only let's you have one sample ! Stupid owner has lost this neighbor / potential regular forever because he is a cheap idiot. Shake shack wanna be but not even close I give it 10 months tops... If I could give it a negative star I would
We had a nice time and  the food is good, but when I order dinner for two and ask for two cups of water, what looks like a 4oz glass is kind of annoying to always have to fill up.  Therefore, I asked for a normal sized cup and they wanted to charge me $2 to fill it with tap water - not cool!  Unfortunately, this is the only yogurt place in the neighborhood and their burgers were pretty good so I will have to go back. The hot dogs were boring though, so stick to the burgers.
Decent burgers and plenty of options as to how you get yours.  The yogurt is the real value here, though it is the easy way to a high price tag.  You pay by weight and it's not exactly easy to measure the amount you are taking, so overindulgence is the rule.  Not a terrible thing when it comes to dessert, but still, not ideal when watching a budget as much as a waistline. Milk shakes were a complete dud, all vanilla based - nothing even close to chocolate or real strawberry in sight.  They were flat out crap.  No better than a Mickey D's or any other fast food joint, flavor-wise. Doesn't matter if the ingredients are better when the flavor fails completely. Burger is no match for either Five Guys or Shake Shack, but alas, neither of those are in Riverdale, so I'll be back for more. Did I mention the fries were fresh, but not at all crisp and not as I had requested? The cashier had no real clue, though she was certainly friendly.  The place itself is clean and open, but very crowded with people waiting for their food, while watching everyone else eat.  Not exactly a private space, but good enough for a burger joint. So, to re-cap... good burgers, good frozen yogurt - not much else.  Still, the place is called Yo-Burger, so they at least live up to their name.
Terrible! Industrial dirty look and feel. As you pick up food, other customers are ordering and talking right over it (and therefore possibly spitting). Easy fix: use wrappers or boxes, or bring food to tables. Only one option for done-ness, 'medium well'. Burger falling apart, soggy bun, extra-charge mushroom topping barely there. The frozen yogurt station is blocking off the burger counter. Definitely not going back .
This burger is :::NOTHING:::: special.Not even good.  Meat is dry and bleh. Lettuce has probably been around for a while and kept VERY green by chemicals. The girl at the register was a spaced out idiot who charged me for 2 burgers when I ordered one because she was paying NO attention to what she was doing. Totally zoned out. She changed the order when I pointed it out, then never changed it for the so called kitchen staff.(who look like they may all be on parole)  I walked out with two for the price of one. Good. She obviously thought I was old and uncool. So who got the free burger sweetie? The thing with the buzzing coaster or whatever that thing is when your order is ready is dumb. Lots of great, very busy burger places seem to be able to function without doing that. It's not cool, just stupid. Constant, Loud music is ANNOYING. The place will probably last because there is no place else around like it. But then again the novelty may wear off and rents in that area are very high. I don't know how the yogurt is because I didn't try it and I never will know because I won't be back. Waste of money. There's a diner near me further up on Riverdale Avenue that has better burgers and no music. And by the way, this isn't Kingsbridge. It's Riverdale.
Best burgers in Riverdale.  Hands down.  Made to order.  Nice selection of toppings, home made fries, & yogurts.  Tasty stuff.
I love this place. What keeps it from being THE bests place is that it's a Pepsi establishment.  :-(
Pretty good. Not quite Shake Shack but definitely an upgrade to the average quick burger. Non-greasy burgers and fresh fries. Only negative: there's no Heinz ketchup!?!
This place is awesome, real good burgers and fries and you also get unlimited topping and condiments. I would highly recommend this place to anybody. A+++++++++
I went down to three stars not because of the food bc it is good but bc I got a nasty cashier during my last visit. Her f'ing attitude turned me off from this place. If people don't like what they do then go do something else but don't go ruining people's experiences bc of your bad day or attitude on life.
I've been to many burger spots in the city in quest for the best burger in NYC (my humble opinion of course), including the infamous Shake Shack, which held the #1 spot for a while. But I must admit, the day has arrived when Shake Shack has been dethroned by none other than Yo-Burger. For starters visually, the burger itself was a work of art, as my wife said, "this is picture perfect." But what won me over was the taste. It was love at first bit. The way the burger melted in my mouth is breath taking. Oh and the fries, are pretty killer as well. The milkshake was phenomenal, quality ice cream and a perfect balance of taste and thickness. I highly recommend this place. Bon appetit!
Yogurt is great, burger is blah! I thought the frozen yogurt (vanilla) was really tasty, the fruit fresh and the oreo cookies bits were yummy! The burger was a little on the salty side for me and fell apart. The fries were pretty good. I would recommend mainly because I like the yogurt!
The burger and sweet potato fries here are great, and I would totally rate it 4 stars. However, the service here is sooooooooo slow.  Sometimes there will be one or two other people ahead of you and they will still take 20 minutes or more to get you your food. Also they sometimes mess up the order, even after reading the correct order back to me when I order. I don't understand how that happens. If they fix the service issue, then I will gladly bring it up to 4 or 5 stars.
Yo Burger is great! Walk right up to the counter and order from their simple, but delicious menu. Burgers (regular and vegetarian) are juicy, cooked well, and come on fresh potato rolls. There are a range of free toppings and those that will cost a few cents extra. The fries are ultra crispy and delicious! I have also had their hot dogs are those were crisp and juice too. They also carry an array of fro-yo flavors that change frequently; ranging from vanilla and chocolate to pumpkin and coffee flavors plus a bunch of fresh fruit and candy to top it off. Even on a busy day, service is pretty efficient. They even have buzzers so you can sit down and watch some TV while you wait for your food. During warm weather, there are picnic tables outside for dining. Yo Burger is a great place when you want fast, delicious food.
I love Yo-Burger, this people is serious about delivering an amazing experience for something so simple as burgers and frozen yogurt. The place is always extremely clean, you get your order fast although it doesn't taste like fast food. Great music always playing at the right volume is a plus, makes you feel at home. You get so many free toppings for your burgers, it's almost insane. Two thumbs up Yo-Burger, Riverdale loves you! :)
Awesome burgers! I have been eating at Yo-Burger since the day it was established. As someone said in a previous review, it is like a hybrid of Shake Shack with it's own unique spin on it. The burgers are great, tasty and delicious, and their ice cream is also great as well. If you want a quick bite, go to Yo-Burger, it is run under the same management of Salvatore's of Soho which is also a great restaurant. Yo-Burger has great service, everyone is friendly and delicious everything!
Gave this place a 3-star review when it opened cuz I got slow poor service but now THAT I'M A REGULAR, I feel I should change my review. This place has the BEST BURGERS IN RIVERDALE!! I tell everyone. Go once and you'll see. It's Riverdale's answer to Shake Shack. It's the Bronx's answer to Shake Shake, Five Guys, etc. Great fresh toppings, really good fries and frozen yogurt! I feel compelled to go in there every time I walk nearby. I haven't had any slow service problems since my initial visit. It's great in the summer time with its outdoor seating. I usually order my food to go...and call family members to see if they want me to get them burgers too. They always do! Just thinking about their burgers now is making me hungry for them. I guess we're having Yo Burger for dinner tonight.
Good motherfreakin' burgers and good sweet potato fries. The frozen yogurt adds for a good dessert. And the environment is very much a laid back vibe. 4 thumbs up.
Fresh bugers, fresh fries... N I think I'll take a frozen yogurt too. Yummy!
Such an awesome place. I keep coming here for the hamburgers and the fact that they shelled out for real Tolix chairs -- them's details! The food is great and it's such a nice place to have in an area where you feel like things that are charming and boutiquey are reserved for Manhattanites. Note to management, though: make your staff not snicker at the customers. That's why I docked you a star -- your staff is unprofessional.
burgers are ok. i like how you can get pickles on them. similar to shake shack minus the secret sauce (ketchup and mayo no secret) i like the fries, but i don't usually eat them all. i go here once in a blue, but i usually just laugh at all the idiots paying $6 for stupid yogurt with toppings, something thats like $2 for a gallon at the store and would never be caught dead eating outside of the comfort of my home.
As good as it gets in the Bronx. This reminds me of 5 Guys or The Shake Shack. Burgers are delicious and fries are fresh cut. I was almost brought to tears when I realized I wouldn't have to venture to Manhattan for a decent burger or when I crave frozen yogurt. A very welcome addition to Riverdale.
A few people have been calling it a Shack Shack wanna be, maybe it is a little but who cares. The place serves a good buger, although I like mine a little rarer than they cook it. Still blows away most places in Riverdale, especially Bronx Burger House and Rivercity Grill. Fries need some work, but give it a shot.
Was in the neighborhood for the first time and decided to try Yo Burger and damn did they serve up a good burger! Not only was the food good but the staff was friendly and provided a good customer experience! Def going to recommend it to friends who pass through the area.
Food was good and they also have Turkey burgers... They say its not always available though
This seems like a nice change to the usual burger joint if you are into the "smashed patty" style burger. They fries seemed very fresh and the shake was very thick. Service was a little slow considering that it was pretty empty but its a nice comfortable restaurant, very casual and clean.
Welcome addition to the neighborhood! According to some fellow Yelpers, this place is a Shake Shack wannabe...and I'm totally OK with that. Awesome Shackburger-like burgers, minus the 30-minute long wait on the line. This place opened a few months back, and I had never seen/heard about it until just yesterday. I was just taking a walk along Riverdale, and there it was. I had never seen anything like this place near Riverdale (or my native Inwood for that matter), and I just had to try it. I had the regular cheeseburger  with lettuce, tomato, and mayo (all toppings are free, a big plus) and a side order of fries. The cheeseburger was moist and juicy, and even looked like a Shack Burger (minus the awesome Shack-sauce). Put it this way: put both a YoBurger and Shackburger in front of me, and I won't be able to tell the difference. Oh and the fries...we can all admit it: Shake Shack has amazing burgers, but they are seriously lacking in the fry department. The fries at Yo Burger were some of the best I've had in a really long time. Golden and crispy on the outside, fluffy and piping hot on the inside. A place like this is just what this neighborhood was missing. Almost forgot, I'll have to get back to you on the fro-yo...did not get to try that. But from what I saw, they have several flavors and a nice selection of toppings (after all, any fro-yo place that has Mochi is fine by me).
They're frozen yogurt was fine, nothing to write home about, but I'd go there again. I haven't tried the burgers.
A very welcome addition to the neightborhood.  Delicious burgers and awesome frozen yogurt with a great variety of toppings. Euro techno music playing.  I will be back many times,
pretty good burger! taste is good toppings are good...kinda pricey for the bx, but not bad...not a fan of the sweet potato fries...free refills are great and the frozen yogurt is good! good location. decent seating...prefect for the warmer weather!
A much needed burger joint in the Riverdale area. Love the yogurt, too! Burgers and fries are delicious. I like the benches outside and the music for warmer days. I've never had a negative experience here and I visited frequently during my pregnancy! :)  It's a nice addition to the neighborhood!
I learned about Yo-Burger from an Instagram photo. It is what I call a Shake Shack or Five-Guys in the Bronx. Not only the gourmet hamburgers are delicious, so are the frozen yogurts. The staff are friendly too. I am so happy that there is a place like this in the Bronx.
Love their burgers, fries and fro-yo! Our neighborhood totally was missing this! Yumm!
Great burgers, great for kids, and great yogurt. Everything is fresh, food comes quickly and facilities are clean, despite crazy amounts of traffic while I was there. Saying that it is the best burger in Spuyten Duyvil is not praise enough for this little gem. Keep up ghe great work, guys.
Great burgers and save room for DIY, customized yogurt.  They have an awesome selection of different yogurts and any topping you can imagine.
The burgers are great!!  Everything is really fresh and the service is fast. Very organized place. The burgers are normal sized so for those who want a huge burger just get it double. Good location as well.
It's Ok overpriced but worth it food. A lot of things are corny like saying free toppings but when you check it's ketchup, BBQ sauce or mayo (Really? Really?). Then they give a stupid beeper like it's red lobster and I'm waiting for a table. Food is not bad at all.
Hands down.  The best burger joint in ALL of NYC.   Folks from lower Manhattan would not be disappointed with a ride up the #1 Train  to try this out.  Not sure how they do it.  But we love it.... my waist line doesn't ... but I do.  lol
This is a fun place to take your family where you get great service and do not need to spend that much money. The food is great but most important it is healthy.
really like this place! Its fun and alittle loud. my veggie burgers are always good but fall apart. My lil sister loves to insist we go for the "make your own" yogurt sundaes.
Their burgers are delicious and extremely juicy. they are kinda like shake shack except you can choose free additional toppings. they are relatively the same price as well. Their sweet potato fries are a must try!
my sister introduced me to this place YUMMY!  2nd time I took my brother and he loved it too..... I enjoyed the turkey burger it was so moist... I loved the sweet potato fries very crispy and not oily.....  I was too full to try the YOgurt and being lactose intolerant wasn't helping.
This is similar to five guys.  I would go here again.  The food is a bit pricey but it's nice to have another option in the neighborhood.  I had the cheeseburger and sweet potato fries.  The burger was good and the fries were great.  Everything was fresh.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I also had the Yo....gurt.  LOL  I had the banana and chocolate.  It was very good.
Burger and fries are very good. Loved the dutch chocolate frozen yogurt.
Yo-Burger!!! Love those cheeseburgers, the fries are so fresh, and the frozen yogurt is delish.. I heard the shakes are really good, I gotta try one!
GREAT Burger joint.  It's a simple formula and they have it down pat.  I've eaten here quite a bit and I like the burgers and I like that you can select from a range of toppings. The sweet potato fries are really good and when you are craving some frozen yogurt the variety of flavors is decent. The buzzer alert system is great, reduces the noise factor a lot.  The only complaint I have is the fact that the place is a kid magnet, so lots kids hyped up on soft drinks and sugar=loud, also packs of loitering teenagers--can be annoying.   Overall,  it's upscale fast food and it's a great place to  hit up when you have a craving for hamburgers and fries.  Would definitely recommend Yo Burger, to all friends and neighbors.
Very good cheeseburgers. Moist and full of flavor It's not as good as Shake Shack or some of the top places, and once in a while burger isn't quite as good as hoped, but 8 times out of 10 it's extremely good
After consistently hittin up Steve Yobes on the biweekly for a little over a year, I feel that I can safely say that it is straight dopamine to the jugular. I get the hot dog and the strawberry milkshake and nine times out of ten it absolutely kills the pallet with lushiousness. Only reason I took off a star is because I don't like spending the amount of money that Yobes requires, but for most it's pretty reasonable.
Bottom line: Great Yogurt and shakes....average burger. Clean, bright decor with lots of seating, although the place was very busy when we visited and people were waiting for seats. The price was average, but all four of us who visited were somewhat disappointed in the burgers. It is great that they are 100% angus burger, cooked medium with free toppings (except musrooms and bacon), but the buns were cheap, sugar laden McDonald-type.........two in our group made direct comparisons to McDonalds. The other disappointing thing was lack of cheese choice. American cheese is all that is offered....how difficult would it be to offer some other choices. The ice cream made up for this and is the reason we will return. I filled a bowl with vanilla and pomengrate complete with some fresh fruit and more 'naughty' toppings....came to $4.90, which I felt was OK for what I had squeezed inthe bowl. The shakes were also fab.....fries were great too...thick (though could be thicker) and hot! A for atmosphere, surroundings, cleanliness and yogurt bar, but please guys WORK on the burgers..........especially that bun!
This is what Riverdale needed! A great place to come with my husband and kids for a yum and inexpensive meal. This place lights the street up and is open until 11!! Let me start off with the burgers, my husband had a burger and it came with free toppings ( always a win in my book) he said the burger was juicy and flavorful,  he is a picky eater so I will take his word for it. I myself had the veggie burger again with free toppings (yay!!), I really enjoyed it, it was house made and not prepackaged like a lot of places have which is a ++ for me. Also being a vegetarian I don't like my veggie burger cooked on the same grill as a regular burger (which most places do so I won't eat their "vegetarian" food) but yo burger has two separate grills which ensures my meat free burger doesn't taste like my husbands meaty burger. The French fries were nice and crispy and stayed piping hot and were salted to perfection, I enjoyed two orders (I couldn't help myself ). The yogurt.....YUM!!!!!! So delicious and great toppings as well. I had the vanilla and peanut butter and cheesecake.....loved them all. They have cheesecake topping bits which are amazing (try them even if you don't love cheesecake, amazing), assorted fresh fruits, cookie dough, all good stuff. I have been to many yogurt places since that's al the new rave but Yo Burger has better yogurt than these places. Yo Burger has ice thick and creamy yogurt that doesn't get watery and melt in 5 min. It keeps it's texture and stays frozen while you eat it. Over all I will definetly be a regular here and come with my family. Great place, great food, great atmosphere.
This place has gone predictably downhill. The burgers taste good enough, nothing to write home about but better than diner burgers. I've noticed though that they have some sort of crispy burned skin on top, no idea where that is coming from. My biggest problem is that the buns are so filthy soggy that they're mush by the time I get home, just down the block. Just last night I brought a burger home and when I went to take it out of the bag held by the wrapper it had soaked through the paper to the extent that my burger fell right through the wrapper on to the floor, what a waste of dinner. If they would switch to Brazilian rolls (cross between a roll and an English muffin) this problem would at least be decreased. They better step their game up, there's a new burger place just down the street from Yoburger and I bet they'd love to take all of yo-b's business by getting it right.
Burger was good, juicy, and not greasy. Fries were ok. Good option for a quick burger in Riverdale.
This is the shake shack of the bx. Food is fresh, service is fast, food taste delicious. Just wish the prices was more reasonable, and it was n a better location. I have not tried the turkey burgers yet but the sweet potato fries are a must and the half and half burger is my favorite ( half beef half vege burger) i can never eat a meal and a frozen yogurt in one sitting. So u easily get more than what u bargain for. It's by far my favorite hidden spot in the Bronx.
yogurt isn't particularly good and the people at the register always look confused and dazed. They never smile and never look like they know what correct change to give back. The owner's really need to make the staff more professional. The burgers are good though, so that's a plus.
Love the burgers, second best around Shake Shack still holds the CROWN!
Great burgers, fries, hotdogs and frozen yogurt.  Great addition to Riverdale!
one ****BIG SUGGESTION****** for yoburger --- if you guys had those cards that you stamp each time you get frozen yogurt and after x amount of stamps you get a free yogurt, that would rly make getting fro yo fun. That is the one thing you are missing that pinkberry, sixteen handles, and many of the other frozen yogurt stores have.
shake shack wannabe
This is one of the best burgers in NYC period. Nothing fancy, just plain old burger with toppings of your choice. I tried them all, from Five Guys, Shake Schak, Five Napkins, Wollensky's grill, you name it. And Yo-Burger is hands down in my top 3 in NYC. My wife who usually never eat burgers think these are delicious. I just wish they will open more locations.
Not the BEST burger and fries ever had, but they were decent. It's nice that they have free toppings for the burgers, but I felt like the quality of the beef wasn't the best because the burger was super greasy. I took the burger out of the paper and grease was dripping down my hand. The fries were good but nothing special. I had the frozen yogurt and it was good, but again, not the best I've ever had. They have a good variety of toppings and a few different flavors. Overall I thought the food was good for the price.
Good and cheap Veggie cheese burger. Came out fast and the way i asked for it.
The burgers are so good and the prices are extremely fair.  I won't be going to shake shack for a while!  Its never crowded when I go there and the food comes quick.  I do wish they had slimmer fries but the food is good regardless!
This place is wonderful. Made to order burgers with high-quality meat and unlimited free toppings. Easily the best cheap meal in the neighborhood. Good prices, quick, and SO tasty. Try the turkey burger and get the grilled onions!
Good local burger. Self serve yogurt. Similar to Five Guys. Reliable food and clean atmosphere.
Super good place ! Burgers and fries here are the best in the city! My friends and I stop here after long bike rides, best treat! Good quality and nice hang out too.
Love that this place opened.the burgers are a bit small to the eye. But they fill you up! Great list of toppings and frozen yogurt on the next counter.cant go wrong.love the outside tables.perfect for the great weather to enjoy your meal
Over rated and top dollar for a burger a little bigger then white castle burger. They make mistakes galore. I ordered burgers with raw onion and when I got home there was cooked onions. Would not do business again, and they Don't Deliver
On a Friday afternoon, as one would expect, this place was packed with school aged children and what seemed like people fresh outta work and on their way home with take out from Yo-Burger.  This place also serves frozen yogurt.  Who knew?  I ordered the single cheeseburger and sweet potato fries which were both AMAZING!!!!   I love, love Yo-Burger.  The food is fresh and tasty.  I wouldn't eat here though as the crowd is kinda rude and loud.  This is strictly a take out place.   Another negative, they ran out of the small size serving cups for their yogurt.
One of the best burgers I've had. Recently had 5 Guys, and regretted it as soon as I took my first bite. The cheese wasn't even completely melted when I picked it up. Ew. Yo Burger is super clean inside. Good service. And offers up delicious burgers and yummy fries, including sweet potato fries. I'm in burger heaven in this place. COME HERE!!!
I live couple of blocks away from yo burger is the best thing ever happened to this neighborhood is when the place opens up good  burger great frozen yogurt good customer service is great staff is great I wish they had a proper sidewalk café on the outside see you soon
