As I have said before. I'm a sucker for hooters wings. That plus the fifty craft beers and a working pool table really made my Sunday enjoyable. Got a few banana bread beers and a flying dog pumpkin. I feel like being able to sit in fire waters element. And eat hitters wings, it's the best of both worlds. Sunday ticket as expected with berry accessible televisions.
Ok...this place seems to be under new management and has actually gotten a bit better in the past year. The mind-boggling selection of bottled beers hasn't returned, but they added a few dirt-cheap "keg-kickers", ditched the DJs, and even brought back the sampler. The couch is gone and the place can still have a pretty depressing and lonesome vibe, but it's not the pit it had been
Good service, decent price beer, amazing selection. I was really impressed that it was so empty on a Friday night...but my friend and I had a good time. I must add that it's attached to hooters. So if food is ordered, it's cooked by the cooks from Hooters. We didn't mind that. But...some might.
This place blows.  The only reason i EVER ended up here, was to play darts on a weekday night, since it's not infested with guidos and tacky music to grind to.  I can't believe they even have a cover charge for a low class place like this.  The place isn't even nice on the inside, and i guess the only thing that's cool is the amount of beer they have on tap.  Other than that, there's nothing special about the place.
We checked this place out for a friends birthday and we were expecting it to be a little more jumping...but eh. Firewaters has a very large and impressive beer selection at first glace with quite a few rare beers to find on tap, and an even larger selection of bottled options.  I'll tell you now, you better know your beers because the ditsy woman bartender definitely doesnt know hers.  She seems like she would be more suited at the hooters which is attached to the bar, she was nice and friendly and attentive and all, dont get me wrong, but if you offer such a selection of beers and try to appeal to the beer bar crowd, you better know your own selection. The place is pretty big with a lot of seating, kinda in a lounge type setup, with a martini bar that despite being there a few times now, has NEVER once been open.  Mayb its a weekends thing? Unfortunately, despite its varied and ecclectic offerings of beer, its somewhat apparent that their clientiele is a Bud/Coors crowd, which is unfortunate.  The bottled beers we had, tho a lil overpriced, we good.....however some of the beers we had on tap were not so fresh and obviously hadnt been rotated in a while.  It just brings sadness to my heart to see such potential in a place, that clearly in its design stage was intended to be an owners beer paradise, did not go over as planned and was reduced to what it is.  This place would have a lot of potential if the taps were changed more and it got some better marketing or maybe a better location. I've been back a couple times for this or that party....however in my opinion if your looking for a joint with a good vibe and large offering of beer types, check out the Shepherd and Knucklehead pub in Haledon, NJ.  The place may be small, but its poppin and the beer offerings are not only varied and all....but very fresh too
The place was virtually empty on a recent Friday night. They have big ass TV's showing sports. A 22 oz. bottle of Bud is $5.  My kind of place!!!
The women behind the bar are paid to look good, not to provide knowledge about what is available.  The wine available by the glass is very poor. The bartenders do not know how to make cocktails. This is a beer bar. Drink beer if you go. Good place to play darts.
Went there on a rainy day......big mistake!!!! Water everwhere dripping on my friend and my head and the floor looked like a lake!!! Should rename it floodwaters.....no atmosphere and the place was empty.....must have been all that country music they were playing.....basically the place was awful unless u love ur drinks in a jelly jar!! do not recommend....very dissapointed tons of beers but all in the wrong glasses : (
Pros: -50 craft beers on tap. -Has pool tables and dart boards inside. -Shares a kitchen with the Hooters next door. -Conveniently located right off rt 4 in Hackensack. -Very spacious (they actually have 2 bars). Cons: -This place is almost always dead. -Bartenders don't really know anything about the beers. -Dirty bathrooms with broken locks (only two stalls). I don't understand why Firewaters isn't more popular. It has so much potential but like Christine G. said "it's a waste of a place" because no one is ever here. Also, like Maria W. said "tumbleweeds roll by here" that's how dead it is. I came here on Halloween once a couple years ago and it was still dead. Forget about Fridays and Saturdays, it makes no difference. But hey, if you're looking for a nice quiet place to drink craft beer, play pool and shoot darts then go to Firewaters. If you're looking for a good crowd to socialize and meet people then go somewhere else.
Don't hate. Chill bartender with good music (think old school Bone Thugs and 2Pac, TLC, and even some RHCP) As advertised, 50 craft beer available. Good prices on the drinks with lots of promos going on.
A friend wanted to host a going away party and needed a spacious event venue with lots of parking. Given that tumbleweeds roll by here, it was just what we were looking for to bring in our own horde of guests. If you plan to talk with your friends and actually hear what they are saying and can over look the bizarre musical choices playing in the background, Firewaters is a ghost town quiet place to fit in your crew, grab a few drinks and a meal.
Cheap drinks. A LOT of beers on tap. Quiet (unlike Miller's Ale House which is bombarded). Pretty bartenders. Yup, fan!
Such a waste of a place! They have 50 craft beers on tap with an impressive selection. From 5-7pm they offer $3 beer samplers. On top of that, you can order from hooters next door. Yummy wings + great beer = awesomeness! Then why only 3 stars? First, there is no ambiance heck there is never a crowd when I go. The place feels so dark and drabby. Probably what a bar would look like in a ghost town. Second, the bathroom is a disgrace I think gas station restrooms are cleaner. Third, some of the bartenders know nothing about the beers on tap so please take advantage of the sampler to avoid a roundabout of questioning. So sad to see such great beer go to waste...
What a crock of crap. 100 beers, absolutely stellar selection, WASTED with a staff that knows nothing about beer and acts annoyed when you ask for anything but a miller lite. They don't even know the names of the beers they carry, and everything (even the delicate beers) is poured into a frosted mug (which is a HUGE offense if you know your stuff about beer). They just want to jump on the bar and pour shots into patrons' mouths. Super guido, super garbage. Clearly someone there knows a lot about beer, but they wasted it. Eff this joint.
Staff was friendly and prompt but the lack of quality beers on tap was a huge disappointment...
As much as I dislike to yelp a "chain," here goes: Firewaters is a decent way to waste a Sunday afternoon drinking from the big selection of beers - sometimes they are "out" of a specific brew - and catch a football or baseball game.  There is usually a few yah-dudes, and the bartenders have been consistently hot, but I've never had a bad time here - it's more entertaining to make up stories about the people in here than to actually witness something worthy of telling later. I have never been here on a Friday or Saturday nite, but you have to remember that it's attached to Hooters, and Hooters, let's face it, are pretty much clones whether you are at Hooters in Union, NJ or Las Vegas, NV,  and to completely STEAL (that's my thing, that's what I do!) from Hunter S. Thompson, "Hooters is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday night if the Nazis had won the war." So, is this a review of Firewaters or Hooters? Both are interchangable, and one is the parasitic twin of the other - you can order food at Firewaters off the Hooters menu - and the clientle is pretty much the same, so I guess two birds with one stone, eh?
I went to Firewaters with my friends in NJ because we wanted to avoid going to Houlihans, TGI Fridays or Chevys. Firewaters boasts about having a zillion bottled beers and great night life. I guess if your idea of night life is a Guido bar, filled with mostly male knuckleheads then you're in luck. i actually never got a chance to go inside because for one, the cover charge was five dollars and when I was going to pay it, the wall of meat heads at the door started harrassing my friend because he was wearing a baseball hat. Apparently this is a dress code violation. One guy said " Hey fella's, you need to take those hats off and don't try hiding them in your pants because if I catch you with a hat, I'm going to throw them in the garbage. You need to go put them in your car" Needless to say we did go to our cars, but instead we drove to Houlihans.
What a crappy bar and the pricing of drinks...get outta here! Not even Hooters next door could help this place.
I stopped by here last Friday evening on my way home from work to finally check out the selection of 50 craft beer lines. I'm a big-time beer nerd, but the lack of chatter about this place gave me reservations. Well, I get in there around 7:30pm, and there are a total of five people there - three guys at the bar and two women at a table. The place is cavernous, oddly-decorated, and had loud, pulsing dance music playing. I was there to watch the rest of the Yankee game, but had a hard time paying attention with the crappy music. The bartender was pretty friendly, but clearly wasn't a beer "insider" and therefore I didn't have anything to talk about at a place that brought me there for the beer. I got some of the Hooters wings, which was only the second time in my life I've had them. After the first time, in Atlanta 10 years ago, my comment was that the best thing about Hooters wings were the boobs on the waitresses serving them. With this serving, half of my wing order was dried-out, no-meat crap, and the ones that were servicable barely had any meat on them. I had a pair of draft beers, and while I recognized most of the names, they were all shelf-stock choices. Out of 50 lines, not one of them was something that any sort of exclusivity or rareness to it. For those, I'd rather just save the money and get a sixer at Stew Leonard's. Now, as bad as my review is so far, it still hasn't gotten to the worst part. I was there for about two hours, and when I got home, I started feeling really, really awful. I went inside and immediately got sick, and it continued into the next morning, puking up bile for several hours. The only other time this happened to me was the last time that I had draft beers at a sketchy place in Key West. The connection that I made was that I probably have a reaction to some sort of bacteria that occurs when tap lines aren't cleaned. I can't state this as a fact, but 99% of my draft beers are at places that specialize in catering to beer nerds who are serious about their suds, and I never get drunk or sick at those places. My beer intake for the night would have allowed me to pass a breathalyzer no problem, so it wasn't over-consumption that got me. Suffice to say that you couldn't pay me to go back here. Well, maybe for a million bucks. That would be worth being sick for.
This is  a bar attached to the Hooters. They have live music some nights. Some nights  it is dead. They have a lot of beers but the bartenders are not knowledgeable. You can order food from hooters menu at the bar. Prefer going to a chain restaurant (tgi/houlihans etc...) and sit in the bar area. More food choices and more efficient bartenders.
A mixed place. On one hand you have 50 beers on tap and lots of bottles. Prices weren't that bad. I have 4 or 5 beers and they ranged from $3 (they seem to have a mystery $3 beer every night) to $5.50. Lots of room to watch tv or play darts. On the other hand, they seem to be joined at the hip to Hooters. Food is from Hooters. Bouncers seem to be overly agressive (but I had no problem and I arrived early enough for no cover charge). And the bartender wasn't the most knowledgable, but she wasn't clueless about the beers either. Its got potential but it need to make up its mind about what it should become. I'd like to go back and try some beers I've not had before.
