I'm giving 4 stars because the music is always good & for the most part my experience is always consistent A disclaimer that anyone should know is that The restaurants/bars on Dyckman are extremely popular & flock regular crowds every weekend. So yes the strip is loud & there's usually lots of people, but despite all the showboating of cars, motorcycle crews & "who wore it best" Dyckman Bar is a chill place & delivers how it should.
Shite. indifferent staff/ often rude expensive drinks trying to be the bar around the corner from Marquee if you want hip and friendly go to 809 on Dyckman.
I drank in this bar 50 years ago when you ordered a drink and paid for that drink.  These poor souls are paying for self delusion.  Even back in the day you wouldn't find me in a place that was wall to wall people but that's probably what makes them feel like they're part of something special.  I get the biggest kick out of their referring to Dyckman Street as the Strip; when in fact they have turned it into a Boardwalk lined with Merry Go Rounds.  Sure they're good people, with the usual amount of Bozos mixed in, but most lack the ability to find their own entertainment and have to be told, by those who charge an Administration Fee, what entertainment is.  That holds true for every wannabe nightclub in Inwood.
Music here is excellent if You prefer hip hop like I do I come here when I want to Dance with my husband Well worth it DJ is great
Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and I had a blast! The sangria was delicious; not that watery stuff. The dj played some of the hot tracks from the early 2000s and the current stuff so we were dancing the night away! I loved it so much that I decided to host a fundraiser here in February for Teen DV Awareness month. Team DB has been so accommodating and I cannot to wait to enjoy the night with friends and family while raising awareness!
Be careful if you are applying for job at this place. From the moment I walked in , the DJ or whoever he said he was, was giving me compliments, making me feel uncomfortable and asking for my number. Really ? Give me a break. The manager was very unprofessional , chilling in his car, and if you think you'll be interviewed at the bar, don't worry - you'll have to walk to his car so he can do an "interview". The interest was gone and opportunity was lost, after I didn't provide my social media ( instagram / twitter ) because , simply , I don't have one and I won't share my personal life and pictures with some random manager. And who even asks for social media when hiring ?! Exactly, because my instagram won't bartend but myself and my skills will. WOW Dyckman bar , so ghetto!
Fun and chill spot during the early afternoon/evening but it gets really popping during the weekend nights. I've been during both times and loved it. The crowd is nice, the music as well and the drinks are flowing everywhere. My favorite drink is the Coconut Mojito, with two of these you'll get a really good buzz. They have a few Jenga sets that you can play with while you're having a few drinks. It's really laid back and I love it because it's so different from the other establishments in Uptown. Only thing I don't appreciate is the automatic gratuity included and $30 minimum when you're paying with a credit card. I saw they have a really good deal for mimosas during the weekend, $20 until 8:00pm or so, def. will be back for that soon!
Great music, great staff, good crowd! The place is clean, the decor is awesome...  Had lots of fun watching football here on sundays! Also if your like me you may be wondering if they charge at the door, the answer is no! Overall i completely love the ambiance at DB
I loved this place, the bouncers were sweet, the bartender was friendly and the music was good. There was an array of people here that I didnt expect to see. Im happy I finally found a place close to home that I can actually dance my ass off at! Oh and its a $30 minimum if youre using a card.
I stumbled onto this place this past wednesday due to a Foursquare deal they offered. There was a DJ spinning some tunes in the background & me and my boyfriend sat down to order some drinks. We had made it right in time for the happy hour special, which is 2 for 1 drinks. We indulged in some Cuervo Margaritas that were not only very tasty, but very strong as well. The music was great, the bartender was very friendly & outgoing, and there wasn't much of a crowd at the place, which is always a plus. Overall, I had a great time at this bar. Don't be fooled by the size or location... this is a bar not to miss when going out in the Inwood area. I will definitely be coming back here again!
I must start by saying I absolutely love Dyckman Bar! Yes, there are a couple things I dislike about the place, but the good definitely outweighs the bad. The DJs always play a great variety of music and the people are so much fun. If you want to dance, have a good time, drink and laugh this is the place to be. Their happy hour runs until 10pm, which gives you more than enough time to head home after work, change clothing and still catch their selection of $5 drinks. As others have said, the bar is small and narrow, but by the second martini the size of the pace is the last thing on your mind. If I go here during non happy hour times I usually buy a pitcher to share with my friends. The pitchers could be stronger, for $50 I expect to get a buzz after my second cup. I'd recommend DB to anyone considering going here. It's always a fun time! * O, and, if the bar is empty enough they have games like Jenga and connect 4 you can play with while you're drinking. A great way to start a conversation with a cute guy or gal.
Cool little spot uptown. Nicely designed, despite the small space. Bouncers were cool. No cover charge. No pretense (though you should avoid being TOO casual, else they may not let you in.) The music started off poorly, but then got pretty decent. I hear that music is usually great here. I recommend going with a group.
while i still enjoy coming here occasionally (usually when a friend decides to do a bday here even though the space is TINY) last night was a NEW experience for me. Sat down ordered the Berry-Mosa, (which is a great drink and at $12 in a mason jar with both vodka and bubbly you can't go wrong), ordered the bday boy a drink, same price, ordered myself another drink, SAME price...requested check.  Bill comes it's $43.20.  i'm just in a rush to go home so i round up to $50 and keep my half of the receipt (luckily they also gave me a breakdown of it).   This morning I start thinking where did that extra $7.20 come from? Bill should have been $36 plus tax and tip.  Apparently every time i requested a drink they had to go to the back process my request through a type writer, then wait for it to be approved then file the request, search for the recipe in the labyrinth of files etc b/c it said the extra $7.20 was for an ADMINISTRATIVE FEE.  What exactly is an "administrative fee??" At least call it what it is! A MANDATORY gratuity fee.  Never again.  They got an extra $14 from me for no reason.  Next time I'm paying cash and ordering at the bar unless they charge me a "delivery fee". they also place the 7.20 so far into the corner that the 7 is on top of the .20 (see pic), so after a few drinks you don't even notice.  SHADY!!!
Not a fan of this spot. The drinks were overpriced and tasted like someone dumped Fabuloso in them. There was a strong, unpleasant "chemical" flavor. The music was obnoxious and waaaay too loud. My buddies and I had to shout until we were hoarse to carry on a conversation. They have an irritating minimum for credit cards that they don't tell you about upfront. Lame. Oh well, at least the decor was okay...
Sexy latina bartenders, TV's playing sports everywhere, amazing Happy Hour menus that run til late, decent food choices, and ALWAYS some good music playing. This is exactly where to come when you don't want to wait on some pretentious club line, don't feel like "poppin' bottles" to show off, and you just want good drinks, music that makes you move, and friendly people to start conversations with.   Sexy bartenders.
"DB"....As the chain the bartenders wear says, in gold bling'd out block letters, took over what used to be Patricks, a little dive bar with cheap drinks.   They made a good use of the space somehow it feels a bit bigger than patricks even though the layout is the same.  I love the cold hues, and use of mostly blue tones throughout.  What mostly stood out were the interesting light fixtures made of what seem to be empty patron bottles with blue pebbles hung from a rope and also the puzzle wall behind where the different DJ's usually stand.   I like that the bar isn't trying to be anything but a bar (at the moment), there are too many restaurants trying to be clubs etc on this strip.  They have a very small food menu offering wings, empanadas, and a cuban sandwhich for $10 each.  While I havent tried the food, I havent heard great things about it either. I like that they have a drink menu that changes with the season.  In the summer it was mostly mojitos, and bellinis, for the fall most of the drinks are less and a bit more creamy.  From the fall menu I really enjoyed the "Hersheys Kiss" (godiva, chocolate syrup, stoli vanilla, and a bit of frangelico) and the "She-Devil" (Nuvo, strawberry puree and Ciroc Red Berry)....  But there was nothing that really stood out from this menu, nothing that really called my attention and made me think "I HAVE to have that."  They also offer a happy hour special and foursquare special. The music varies and is different EVERYTIME I have been, which is good and bad...Variety but too unpredictable.   Overall, I'd return here as a pit-stop and have a drink but it would not be my ultimate destination. BTW someone here definitely tries to push Ciroc heavy because its allover the drink menu and has most of the space in the bar...hmmmmm...lol And shoutout to the bartender Chamy, she's AWESOME!
So your friends tell you "hey let's go to a bar" and of course you have in mind "typical dive bar with annoying college dudes" and beer flowing all around. Then you get to Dyckman Bar and its like wahlaaaaaa!!!! I'm not a girl who frequent bars because i feel like the decor plays a major part of the ambiance. and the reason why i love love this place is the whole aura it brings. No shitty doorman, Charismatic bartenders, Great music, decent drinks, and if you are a local you will always run into friends and make it an even bigger party. Also an incentive of dyckman bar is right on the strip next to some yummy restaurants. so it's a win win when you out for dinner and drinks.
I rarely give any place a bad revue, honestly I didn't even make it in the door so I cant say much about the inside. The staff in the front was rude and nasty to me. It was the Dominican Day parade after party so I realize it was busy. We came back several times and they said we couldn't go in; mind you we were dressed very nice and we were really polite; 4 girls. We waited for it to clear out more inside and they STILL wouldn't let us in. We are "tomboy" girls but I am not going to use that card right now as far as why we didn't get in. We watched every other person get in. They were slipping money to the bouncers who happily took it, which is fine, I would have slipped him a 20 no big deal! The fact was they wouldn't let us in for no apparent reason. I guess because we weren't in scantily clad clothes or we weren't drug dealers. The man at the door, claimed to be a former cop, which I am sure he probably was, was super nasty. I asked if it was because we were tomboyish and he said "OH WHATS NEXT ARE YOU GOING TO USE THE "BROWN CARD" , which could be offensive being that 2 of the girls were black 2 were Spanish. I love allllll of those bars on that strip! All we wanted to do was party and enjoy the festivities and support the venue. We weren't even allowed the chance. I know this year I WONT be partying here for any after parties following the parade.
Another great night at Dyckman bar. Met up with a good friend and had some drinks. Arrived at about 8:30pm and it was surprisingly dead. Good thing because it gave us time to really talk and chill out. After an hour or so the place was full of people. Bartender at Dyckman is gorgeous. Woman moves and makes some good ass drinks. Always a good time with good people, drinks, and music. Only problem I have with Dyckman bar is that the place is small.
Came here to watch the football game on 1/13/13. Ambiance: The music was popping like it was a Saturday night, normally I don't mind it, but it was so loud we had to scream just to hear each other.  Also, since the music was on, you couldn't hear the game which is fine, but perhaps putting the close captions would be a good idea.  Speaking of the game, we were sitting at one of the tables by front and the way in which the TVs are mounted made it hard for us to watch the game, like you literally catch a neck cramp.  If you are sitting at the bar, the view is fine. Food: I did not have any of the food but my friend Anthony had the wings and fries and he said they were fine.  My friend Marisol had the calamari and she said it did not taste good and I believe her because like me, she is a calamari snob. Drinks: There was a sign that said they had $6 well drinks, but I noticed when we got the bill, the drinks went up to $9.  Maybe the special were over by the time I ordered my second and third drink, but I think a good waitress will let you know that happy hour no longer applies. I mean come on, $9 for cheap vodka and cranberry?  this is the heights, not Soho. Service: With the exception of not telling us when the drink specials stopped, the waitress was friendly and even brought us some board games (connect 4 and jenga) which I thought was fun and interesting. I have been here many times on a Friday and Saturday night, and I wouldn't object to going back, but I might pregame at a cheaper place before I do.
Oh Dyckman Bar! (sigh!)  There are plenty of reasons to love this place.  I'll start by saying that it's probably one of three places Uptown with an amazing musical selection.  Sure you get your rowdy, rowdy hip hop nights,but the owners always make sure to feature an eclectic array of dj's and those are the nights I personally love!  This bite-sized bar has become the "it" place Uptown. I see a lot of people complaining about the size of this place but it IS a BAR people and NOT a club--that detial is clearly stated in the name fyi.  As a girl, the thing I appreciate MOST about it is that it's never a place where you feel threatened by a bunch of guys hounding you and thats incredibly important to me. I will say that Friday-Sunday nights get EXTREMELY packed and folks love to complain about the dress code.  I will say that I never mind a dress code at a trendy spot. After all, what girl wants to walk into a place where there are a bunch of dudes with hoodies on, on a Saturday night?  This is New York City right? Less I digress,  I'm here to reivew the other 4 nights that this fly bar is open.  People focus way too much on the weekends and forget that this great neighborhood spot is open early on Saturday and Sunday afternoons and how phenomenal the Happy Hour is!  You can actually sit and have a great cocktail and catch a game, listen to some great music and just chill out.  They always have rotatating specials, the bar is always impecably clean and its a great place to grab a beer or a martini with your girls.   My advise, try a Tuesday or Wednesday night and see what I'm talking about!
Back again....Dyckman Bar  is terrible.   The crowd is terrible. The music is terrible. The drinks are terrible. The place is extremely narrow.
My ultimate favorite bar uptown: great service, great DJs, tunes and service! ...constant good vibes! My "CHEERS" bar! Drinks are always tasty- and don't miss the opportunity to eat "MrNiceGuy" Sliders from the food truck parked out front most days! . :)
Very cool place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks .. The music is always good and the staff are very attentive .. Love coming here
Not really impressed with this spot.  Very small venue, music was too too loud where you could not have a conversation.  The base made it uncomfortable to sit through.  I understand it's a social venue, but for loud crazy music, I go to the clubs.  I expected this place to be more "lounge-like" social.  Crowd was a bit corny....drinks weren't impressive. I had a tamarind Mojito....tasted watered down and generic. And I ordered a full price drink!  My friend got the the 2 for 1 special (Margarita), well, you get what you pay for.  (and half the size) of a regular drink.  Mind you, this was all happening on a Saturday night (10pmiiiiish)  Again, not really impressed.
Great atmosphere. Friendly people. Love the decor and feel however dang can I get some alcohol in my drink not just a spritz of it!
Tiny but ALWAYS a good time!!
Good place to just hangout but beware when using a credit/debit card... There is a $30 minimum plus gratuity and they overcharge your card. It has happened to me and to other friends who have gone there. Also, the bar tenders can't mix a good drink
The place is very narrow for one so if its packed people could get upset or pissed off and try to push other people. the bouncers were cool they werent bad or demanding at the door.  went here for NFL playoff game with the patriots and Texans. food wise they do not have a large menu but calamari chicken wings Mini PIzza. if you are looking for a large food selection not this place. They had the DJ playing the music VERY loud like it was a saturday night club. the music was great but thought they would would have the game audio playing.  Beers are like 6 bucks which isnt bad like bars or clubs downtown in manhattan. other than it being the NFL playoff it would be nice to listen to old music and have a good time.
Third review.  Back on, better than ever.  Last two times with the same bar tendress.  Her name is Marielle and she makes cocktails WELL.  Ask and she shall adjust to your specifications with a smile.  Thanks M you are ae responsible for making our evenings A+  See you soon!
Hot spot, er'day.
The only thing this place has going for it is the decor. The night  we went the place was pretty empty for a saturday night. The waitresses all looked like they trying way too hard. Even though the music the dj was playing wasn't my preference, he could have at least played some current stuff. The drinks, were too small, served in plastic cups and overpriced. Not going back.
Home away from home. Sunday Funday is always in full effect. Fridays and saturdays are dope as well. Coconut mojitos are the wave and catching a few good games here is the move. Music spun by great dj's so the music stay on point.
This bar may play some good tunes but the drinks suck and the bartenders are as weak as the drinks. The bartenders don't remember orders and if they get around to making you one...its weak.
Had a really good time here on 06/08/2012 the music was great the crowd wasnt rowdy and the women were beautful drinks were at a good price will def come back very soon
In with the new and out with old, finally a nice looking lounge were professional people in the area could go to and enjoy them self with out having to run down town, it's decor in a 10 not to flashy every section of the bar has a flow, drink are just right and owner just want the Customer to be satisfied, so come check it out if you have question drop a line d.dannis@hotmail.com
really fun. great drinks. awesome atmosphere.
If ever you find yourself in Washington Heights, do yourself a favor and DO NOT GO TO THE DYCKMAN BAR. The waitress (curvy blonde girl with a big attitude) was so rude. She gave my card to another person and then gave me MAJOR attitude when I couldn't find her. I will never give them my business again.
Delicious Affordable drinks, excellent bartenders and waitresses...   Also its a great place to watch sports (mozarella sticks, popcorn shrimps and fries delish...)...  Bottle service is best price in NYC and the crowd 25 and up is a nice change to many other places around the area.....  Def a try Football sunday was great and I am def going back to Sunday Funday...
