It is hard to imagine life without S and L. The massage therapists seem like magicians - they can expertly find and relieve any points of tension quickly. Combination B - 1 hour body + 15 min feet - is the perfect length.  Very good deal - each massage is $50 and you get a free massage after every 10. Keep in mind this is a very basic massage, not at all a fancy experience. If you are looking for high thread count sheets, aromatherapy, and calming music, this is not for you.  The elevator music is a bit awful - once a Muzak version of the theme song from Titanic was on loop - another time it was Christmas songs during a summer massage. Plus some of the massages are a little painful, but it is totally worth it. You will feel amazing after. I had never gotten a foot massage before I tried S and L a few years ago. Now I can truly appreciate how wonderful the experience is!
I recently stopped by for a 30 minute foot massage and 15 min chair while out on an "errand" aka "mommy time". Anyways it wasn't my first time here and i enjoyed my full body massage done by the female masseus last time so i expected it to be just as good if not better. The 3 stars was for the last time but this time it was worth probably 1.5 star. This time I had my feet handled by a male masseus and let me just say the entire time i was getting my massage i caught him looking at me or rubbing my foot in the most awkward way. Im not sure if he was checking my foot out or just being a total creeper but my experience was far from being relaxed. Thinking it was only me that was feeling a bit off my husband who was also getting his foot rubbed was next to me and also caught the weird glances that the male masseur was giving. If you are into the happy ending or creepy shit then be my guest and stop by but if you (as a female) want some good massage ask for a female attendant.
Very friendly masseuses. Sometimes it hurt like hell, but she always asked if I was okay before she continued. Seems like a pretty clean establishment. My boyfriend and I got the couples massage. You stay in your underwear, and it wasn't awkward at all. They really massage your entire body, down to the feet. I like strong massages so this was perfect. Yeah, there were minor bruises the next day, but hey, no pain no gain. Would come back here the next time I visit Jersey.
Unprofessional. Nobody can do real massage. The ladies are never smile and looks very rude. Don't waste your money and time.
My first time here and it was all good until i was told about the MANDATORY tip of $25 which was posted on the reception but not clearly visible as it was printed in light ink or maybe the lighting was not adequate. $10 if you only have foot massage and $15 if you have the body massage. So i got the 1hr foot + 1hr body = $70+tax of $4.15 + $25 tip so that's $99+.... Not really worth it. You will hear lots of timers beeping, too, signaling the service is over which is not very relaxing. Nonetheless, twas good but I've had much better. Not bad for a monday.  Saves me a trip to chinatown. Oh and if you argue about the tip, they would snort at you and insist on you paying the mandatory tip. Then you start seeing their frowns and they would start speaking in a speedy language amongst themselves, probably bad mouthing me for trying to understand what they are talking about... Totally such a huge turnoff... Not going back here though... Will try the others...
I drive 35 min just to come to this place. SO WORTH IT. They always do a great job, I'm really big on getting foot massages & I can say I'm the pickiest person ever. I've probably been to every foot massage place in northern New Jersey & this is by far the best one. I get a one hour foot massage & 15 min back/shoulder rub & Jason is my to go guy. He's seriously the only person who can get my body tension out just from my feet. I am currently 8 months pregnant and they really take care of me; from bringing extra pillows to helping me up from the chair & even focusing on the spots in my legs which swell up due to my pregnancy. Very good service from the workers... BUT nothing is ever perfect right? The manager is EXTREMELY mean to the workers, yelling at them &even pushed one from one room to another  which is def not nice, but they are wonderful at massages & I highly recommend going here.
Great foot massage. They are solid every time on the foot. I suggest the 1 hour foot plus 15 minute back. Or the 1 hour foot and 1 hour back/body. The body massage is primarily back, btw. They don't hit the thighs and legs thoroughly. But it still does the trick. And they are all capable of going very deep tissue. So just tell them how hard or soft you want your massage. It is clean, efficient and awesome prices. This is not a fancy massage but rather a thorough massage. And beware, this is asian massage, they jump on the table and massage your buttocks well. It is totally legitimate with little privacy. The body stalls are a bit open with curtains and no doors. But I HIGHLY recommend. Make sure to call before you go. It gets busy.
A great place to go for a massage.  Its a pretty large establishment so going with a group of girlfriends worked out well for us.  I got the hour long foot massage with 15min back and neck massage and it was so nice and relaxing.   The back/neck massage was especially amazing.   If I ever go back, I'm going to do hr foot and hr back massages.  A deal at $70!
5 stars for the foot massages and 4 for body massages (only because they can be aggressive at times, but that's fixable-just say something). I LOVE coming here for a great non-pretentious massage. I don't care about the steam showers/saunas/lounge high end spas have to offer.  I like a good, strong massage and this place definitely offers that.  I typically go in for combo 1 (1 hour foot then 15 min back) and I leave feeling like I'm in the clouds.  Also, the prices are a steal and the masseuses definitely deserve their minimum required tip.
I went for a $40 full body massage with my husband last night. The massage itself was great, but at check out the two ladies that did our massage stood next to the cashier and demanded that we pay $15 each as a tip pointing at a sign that lists required tip amount depending on which massage you went for. Since when the service provider decides the tip amount? I was going to tip well and even planned on coming back until this happened. We were disgusted with this style of business and decided to never return.
Not certain what happened.   I went in requesting COMBO 2 (1H Body Work & 15 Min Foot Massage), and they gave me COMBO 1 (1H Foot Massage & 15 Min Shoulder & Neck Rub). I didn't realize what I was getting until they asked me to change into snuggy pants, & my feet were soaking in a warm bath of tea water.  I couldn't complain.  It felt pretty great.   It was a pleasant mistake.  Eager to go back again.
Place is great! I did the full body for 1 hour. Only $40! With a $20 tip it was worth it. I like it hard and was very pleased. I highly recommend this place for any type of massage.
I am giving this place 4 stars because of a few things. I had a horrible experience with the Body Massage. I had bruises all over my back and I couldn't relax at all when I had it done. I understand if its painful then somehow it helps u release the muscle tension but I don't think I will ever do it there again. At least for a long time. On the contrary, the foot massage!!! Oh my god! I love it! As I have been told there are only certain people who can do it professionally in this place and I got lucky this lady Ann, I think her name is, gave me the best foot massage ever))) My second appointment wasn't so good..I should have booked the massage with the same lady! There are really professional people and there are completely opposite!
Plenty of parking space. The staff was very friendly and attentive, we were given water and our session started within minutes! The place is large, clean and has dim lights with zen music playing. Great place!  If going you MUST get the 60min foot massage!
For $30 for a 60 minute foot rub (plus $10 tip) or $40 (+15) for a 60 minute back rub, how can you go wrong? Out of the MANY times I have been here, I have only had 1 poor massage and that woman is no longer there.  Everyone is very good, most are EXCELLENT.  They really cater to your aches and will get the job done even if it takes slightly more than 60 minutes.  This is an authentic Chinese acupressure massage and it's strong!! You'll feel completely new.....we took a friend there for the first time and they were dancing as we walked out the door. Now they come visit us a lot more frequently...but we suspect it's just so they can get a massage. If you're going on "off-peak" times, like during the weekday, you can just walk-in, but if you're going in the peak evening or weekend times, I suggest you call.
I was skeptical, but decided to try it out. You're definitely not getting a day spa atmosphere, but the quality of the massage is excellent. I had a half hour back and a half hour foot massage. My masseuse was great - strong pressure and knowledgable. There is no being discreet here since you're just behind a stall with a curtain. Music was relaxing and the overall experience was well-worth the $40. I will be back.
Don't go there .. I don't want them raising there prices! Lol I have to say THE BEST SPA ever and for that prices you can't beat it... They really give a good deep tissue massage
Highly recommend this place. My masseuse was fantastic. The atmosphere was extremely serene. I would definitely go back in a heart beat!
First time today and definitely not the last! I couldn't believe it, $30 for an hour long foot massage. I had the best nap of my life and aside from the incoming customer's loud voices (you can hear a pin drop in that place due to acoustics) everything was great. I have a loyalty card stamped (you go 10 times and the 11th is free).
came here saturday afternoon with a friend for a foot and body massage (2 hours, $70).  walked it and it was dim with red lighting.  it smelled a little funny and it was a little cold.  no matter, i was looking forward to a nice, cheap, and possibly painful massage. made an appointment, but it wasn't that busy so we could have probably just walked in.  they tried to split us up - have one of us get a body massage while the other got a foot massage.  i asked twice if we can just do it together.  they finally understood and placed us side by side for foot massages. the women doing the massages didn't seem to speak much english.  and although i'm not a foot massage expert, she didn't really seem to know what she was doing.  despite her lack of experience, i'd give the foot massage 4 stars and would come back.  ($30 for 1 hour).  don't really think this place has been around for too long, but the chairs we were sitting on were so old.  they had industrial tape over parts of the couch and i sunk into the chair (not in a good way) and by the end of the hour, couldn't wait to get up - my butt was hurting from sitting there. on to the body massage.  you get put into a stall and get covered with a towel.  i was actually really cold the whole time.  i came out of the massage and had bruises all over my back.  the same women who gave me my foot massage, massaged my back.  she was getting the knots out of my back but i sometimes felt like she was giving me indian burn.  also, it was really uncomfortable and they aren't necessarily so discrete or professional.  you can't expect a spa experience.  everyone else came out happy, but my friend and i decided we'd probably never get another body massage here.  ($40 for 1 hour).  but bottom line, it's cheap and it's no frills.  but you probably get what you pay for (then again, sometimes you pay more and it's not worth it...so it's a toss up)  (note: the massage you get will largely depend on who is giving it to you.  my friend and i had very different body massages) general things:  it was cold and dark.  smelled funny.  "suggested" (mandatory) tipping - $10 for foot/$15 for body (if i remember correctly).  also, if you try to pay by credit card, they charge you "tax."  no signs, definitely shady.  so if you don't want to pay the tax, bring cash.  lastly, they have a card/stamp, buy 10, get one free.
Forgot to mention to bring your own soundtrack to this place.  Load up your iPod with your own Spa music or you'll sometimes hear someone snoring in the booth next to you.
S&L was great - a little pricier than Dream Work down the street (charge a little more, and they post that they expect at least a $15.00 tip for an hour (more like a 30%+ tip, etc.). But, they really dug into my sore muscle areas in a way that was working out the problems, versus just being painful like other places I've gone.  The masseuse seemed very knowledgeable.  More like a physical therapy massage, rather than a relaxing one.  But, worth the pain.    I guess it depends on who is doing the massage at any place.  I'm sure that they do gentle, more relaxing massages too.  For a longer massage, I may go to Dream Work, since the prices are better.  But, both places are bargains compared to fancy spas.
FINALLY!!!  A massage worth a 5-star rating.  I've been searching for an authentic Chinese acupressure/massage all over NJ / NY, and this place is by far the best!!!  If you're looking for a body or foot rejuvenation, then you've gotta try this place.  I will warn you that this is "accupressure", so you will feel some pain during the massage.  But I guarantee you'll walk out of there feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.  I only hope this place isn't so busy during the weekend.
came here with a friend last minute. h30 min foot massage + 30 mins back massage = $55.00 (including the mandatory $15 tip) which is pretty good. i think next time i will  just get the back massage for an hr. place is big and the ladies there really put all their strengths into massaging you. even if you tell them to go lighter on u, they end up going ham after a little while. but i will be back for more
There just isn't a better way to relax for an hour than getting a foot rub at this place. All the therapists deliver pretty much the exact same massage, although some are better at it than others. Bottom line: it's clean, it's reputable (plenty of grandmas getting their feet massaged), and it's incredibly rejuvenating. True, if you pay cash they don't charge the sales tax. With a credit card, you will pay the 7% sales tax. As to the tip, when you're being charged $30 for one hour (actually, ALWAYS longer than one hour) for this kind of bliss, I don't see the problem with going along with their tipping policy, which asks for $10 on top of the $30 for a foot massage. In fact, I always tip $15, because it's still an amazing deal. Body massage? I've had two there. In my opinion, not the greatest. Not bad, but not great, and perhaps a little painful. But for the feet? This is nirvana.
$70 for a two hour session : one hour foot massage and one hour body massage. Call first or be prepared to either get turned away or wait a long time!
