Lao Village has just officially become my favorite place to get Thai food in Syracuse. Went with a group of five people, were seated immediately, and the service was fantastic. The spring rolls are delicious, and this is one of the few places I've been to where a spicy dish was actually spicy! Dishes are large and well priced- most entrees are around 9 or 10 dollars, and appetizers about 4 dollars or so. Stop by if you can!
Delicious red curry and thai salad! Food has great flavor and you really get what you pay for. Portions are huge! Come hungry and leave happy :)
I have been to Lao Village many times with friends and have ordered take-out a few times as well. This place never disappoints!  I usually get the panang curry or massaman curry with shrimp.  The spring rolls are great too.   The last time I was there they served this delicious dessert.  I cannot recall the name but it was banana pieces in a pastry dough, fried with honey and powdered sugar on top. The service is always great and the place usually is not crowded so it's easy to get a table.  The decor is casual so I would not go if I wanted a fancy dinner.  The dishes are very affordable.
Best SPRING ROLLS in Syracuse for sure! I wish they would deliver or even have online ordering but its so worth going there. Its always fresh and good!!!
This restaurant is pretty small. I have a group of like 15 people. I thought we weren't be able to eat there because they don't have enough tables for us. But we really want to eat there because we heard it has a really great foods. So we decided to wait and asked the worker how long we can wait and it's about 10 minutes which is not bad!! So then the workers setup tables for us which is perfectly satisfied. Looking at the food menu looks great, it has a mixed of Thai and Laotian foods. I ordered green curry with chicken. It was really good! Better than King and I in Rochester.
The BEST summer rolls in town!  Khanom Jean tofu and pad Prik Pow delicious!  We never had a bad meal and even eat their food at their booth in the farmer's market.  Panang curry shrimp also good.  Quick service.  Good for vegetarians!
As the other reviews have mentioned, the food here is quite good. However, we ate in for dinner a few weeks ago and froze our tails off. Proper heat is a requirement for dine-in in Syracuse in February. I don't think I'll ever be able to convince my girlfriend to go back...at least not until summer.
My recent visit brings my original rating of 5-stars down a notch. The reasons being: 1) The hours of operation state until 9pm, but the dining room is apparently only open until 8:30. My boyfriend and I got there at 8:25 and were informed by the snippy hostess that they close the dining room a half hour early because "they don't want to clean up after anyone" with only 30 minutes before they go home. Sorry, but if you're going to open a restaurant, you should accept that you're going to clean up after patrons if they want to eat at your restaurant. I guess it's their prerogative, but I thought it was a little rude (especially since we were the only 2 there!) 2) They were out of curry pops when we got there. Major letdown. So, I guess the moral of the story is: GET THERE EARLY. Especially if you want to enjoy the curry puffs in their dining room and not your own. P.S. I tried the Spicy Pad Keemao this time. Really delicious, not unbearably spicy, and lots of veggies as usual. They skimped on the noodles this time though, not enough, I was eating spoonfuls of greenbeans in sauce at the end of my meal. And they gave me pork instead of the chicken I asked for (thankfully I'm not a picky eater!)
Lao Village is my favorite place to eat in Syracuse. I know that's a bold statement, but the food here is just phenomenal. I seriously could eat here every day and be totally fine with that. As a vegan, I am impressed with their wide array of vegetarian/vegan options. Pretty much everything on the menu can be made meat-less or with a tofu or seitan substitution. Their Tom Kha soup is my all-time favorite soup. All of the curry dishes I have had are totally awesome too. Some of their curries are insanely hot though... just ask before ordering! Their Pad Thai is the best in Syracuse, hands down. They also have fresh wrapped summer rolls that are so good I could eat about 12 of them. Prices are decent too. They aren't the cheapest Thai place in Syracuse, but they are far from the most expensive (Bangkok in Liverpool)! For the quality and quantity of food you get for your money, it is very much a good deal. The counter guy that is always there is super friendly and happily answers all of my questions regarding ingredients. He has even given me free stuff on the house just because I go in there often and he appreciates my business.   The interior of the restaurant doesn't offer much in the way of appealing decor but that doesn't bother me as I order take out from there about 90% of the time. So, if you go there to dine-in, don't expect to be sitting in the dining room of a  palatial estate... but it is by no means dingy or run-down. There are about 8 tables available for dine-in customers. Lao Village is conveniently located adjacent to Clinton Square on West Genesee Street. There is usually plenty of on-street parking available. If you are looking for awesome Thai food in Syracuse, there is no reason to look any further than Lao Village.
I've eaten at every Thai restaurant in Syracuse except Sweet Basil and I think Lao Village kills the competition.  I've been a student in Syracuse for almost 2 yrs and I have found that many locals don't know about this restaurant.  I attribute that its low key presence downtown.  Prices are great, food is outstanding and I love how they are always playing pop-country music. Summer rolls are to die for.  I'm not a vegetarian but I have an obsession with the type of tofu they put in them.  Very fresh and crisp with fresh mint, cilantro and veges.   I often get the Lao beef or chicken salad which is a nice change of pace.  Comes with noodles as well. The green curry is my absolute favorite.  You can get it as spicy or mild as your like.  Bamboo shoots are fresh and it is filled with plenty of meat.  100% recommend this spot to anyone who is craving Thai food or wants to try something different.
Had a Groupon for Lao Village for what seemed like forever and finally got a chance to use it. It's a small place next to Subway near Clinton Square. I've driven past it hundreds of times but never really have seen it before. They have a small section cordoned off for those who want to eat in, as opposed to the take out. Take out seemed to be the more popular option as we were the only ones eating in there. However, the conditions of the Groupon required that we eat in, so we obliged. The food was very good. We ordered the two most popular appetizers it seems - summer rolls and curry pops. The summer rolls were very fresh with a good crunch. The curry pops were very tasty. I could have eaten 20 of those as an entree and been happy. For an entree I got the green curry, which was delicious. It was spicier than I thought it would be, but it was welcome. I love spice. The girlfriend ordered the Chili Thai Basil. She asked how spicy it would be and was told out of 5, it was about a 2 or 3 on the spice scale. If that's the case, their 5 on the scale must be lava that they melt your face with because I had a few bites of her food and spent the next 10 minutes drinking water to dull the pain. It tasted good though and she powered through it. I was very proud. The food here is really good and our dinner total came to $26 for 3 appetizers and 2 entrees, which is pretty awesome. I don't think I would eat-in here anymore, but I would not hesitate to do takeout. In fact, it will most likely move up in the take-out rotation. One thing to note - Yelp currently says they don't take credit cards. Untrue. They take Visa and Mastercard for orders over $10. No need to find an ATM like I did before you go.
My fiance and I saw this small, whole-in-the-wall eatery on our way over to the Dinosaur BBQ. The restaurant is pretty small, but the service is good and the food is great. We started with the stuffed chicken wings. Originally, we wanted the crispy chicken wings with the spicy pepper sauce, but they informed us that they were out of it, and the waitress suggested the stuffed chicken wing instead. What a great suggestion, they were delicious! We still want to try the crispy wings though, so we will definitely be coming back to get some of those. My fiance got the yellow chicken curry and I got the red chicken curry. Both great dishes, flavorful and the serving size is decent. They gave each of us one small bowl of rice, which was definitely not going to be enough (especially for my fiance, who is a rice fiend). He asked for another bowl of rice, they gladly gave it to him at no extra charge. I'm glad that we found this place (especially after the disaster at Namu a few nights ago). I think this will be our go to Thai place from now on. Highly suggested, but don't expect fancy decorations. The food speaks for itself.
My friend and went to this restaurant together for dinner on two occasions and both proved to be less than sub-standard. On the first occasion, I ordered one of my favorite dishes, pad thai with chicken. At this establishment, it arrived, covered in some kind of tasteless red sauce. It's the worst pad thai I've ever had - anywhere. No bueno. Yesterday, I ordered a curried noodle dish that included chicken and various vegetables. The surprise for me is that the dish included green beans, which were abnormally hard (not just crunchy, but hard) and the noodles tasted like they came straight from a Ramen noodle package. We have decided that we cannot give this restaurant any more chances to impress us...the irony is - next to the bathroom is a door labeled "recipe room". It doesn't take an entire room to formulate food that tastes quite this bad.
The food was great and had a mix of thai and Laotian flavors.  The atmosphere is casual with a few tables.  Friendly staff and affordable dishes.
I'm in love with a curry puff and its name is Lao Village. I tried this restaurant two years ago after a doctor I work with recommended it so highly. Being super economical (cheap) the hook was when he said he always had leftovers for lunch and so much sauce he could make more rice and have a full second meal. Absolutely true! The flavors are so good it's hard for me not to over eat and sit around like a whale instead of saving some for lunch the next day.  For thai in Syracuse I'd say it's the best. When a craving hits Lao Village is first in my mind.  Delicious and inexpensive! I've consistently had great meals with good, fresh and flavorful ingredients .  My favorites are the curry puffs, summer rolls, Panang Tofu and Green curry Tofu. They both come with fluffy white rice. I've only eaten in the restaurant once for lunch and it was jammed packed with students and medical professionals.  Service was quick and friendly. Take out is always fast and I've always gotten the correct order.
Great curry, nice spice, fresh. Dishes good for sharing so you can get a couple different things and share it all family style for variety. Massaman and Khanom Jeen were great curries. And the Lab Chin had nice heat. Friendly host was patient with us asking for recommendations. Best and only place to get a good South East Asia curry in Syracuse. (That I know of)
I tried the Drunken Noodle dish and my boyfriend had the Masaman Curry with an order of the Curry Pops for an appetizer. The Curry Pops were crispy on the outside with a smooth inside and a sweet and spicy dip. They were delicious. The Drunken Noodle dish was good. Veggies were crispy and not over cooked, the noodles were the perfect consistency with the right amount of sauce, not spicy, more on the sweeter side; perfect for first time Thai eaters. The Curry dish had a warm flavor with more onions and sauce than chicken and other veggies that the dish was supposed to come with; served with rice. The Curry was OK, not the best. I thought it was kind of weird that there was a 2 hour time period between lunch hours and dinner hours, causing us to sit outside in the cold while we waited about 15 minutes for someone to come open the door. Overall, good price. OK food, depending on what is ordered. Curry Pops are a must.
This place is between Lemongrass and Appethaizing. I would've given this place a 5 a while back but in the past year they've increased their prices and although the quality is on par, they pump out the orders really slowly. I love this place and respect it as one guy is always cooking properly and taking his time to make sure the food is made well and correctly. If you want some decent thai food without having to break the bank this place is alright. I would suggest that you rather pay a few more bucks and go to Lemongrass in Armory Square or wait until lunch time on the weekdays and go to Thai Flavor on Erie Blvd.
Lao is a tough one to rate.     For the food, they get a 4, for the dining experience, a 2 so I'm giving them a 3. The food is very good, especially the green curry!   The summer rolls are fresh and tasty, no hint of dried out rice paper as I've found at some Thai restaurants. I originally found Lao Village at the Regional Market and was very happy to find that they opened a permanent location. If you want Thai takeout - Lao should be at the top of your list.   If you want eat-in Thai, go to Little Thai house instead.
I came here expecting average thai food. What I received was not average but excellent. Very flavorful and fresh. Highly recommended.
I've only been living in Syracuse for about 6 months and I've already gone to Lao Village around 10 times. It's one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to, if not the best. The curry puffs and the spring rolls are absolutely amazing (my girlfriend and I have ordered them almost every time) and the entrees never disappoint. For the price, you can't really beat Lao Village's consistently delicious food.
I've walked by this place so many times while out getting lunch at a nearby place.  Today I decided to give it a shot and so happy I did!  Had the massaman tofu and it was great. The ambience isn't great but I got take out and brought it back to the office. Can't wait to try it again. It's a nice change of pace from other downtown lunch offerings.
This was my first time to Lao Village and I will be back for sure.  Amazing food!  Fast and excellent service, this place rocks!
I've been going to this place since it first opened and agree with other reviewers that the amenities have been disappearing and the prices have been going up. But if you love Lao cuisine, this is the place. My favorite is their Lao salads -- lab moo. Can't get it anywhere in town or upstate New York.
Vegan Friendly. Reasonable prices. Some really great dishes on a diverse menu, and with good appetizers.
I just can't believe that I have been in Syracuse for 10 years and it has taken me this long to find the place.  It took me buying a house downtown to go in, I might have seen it before, but I never considered eating there. . .and here I pride myself on the hidden places. From the curry puff apps, to soup to main course, just excellent every time.  For straight up Thai I love Erawan, but this is different.
For years, this restaurant had been a favorite of mine. In part because it has a dish called laab chin -a traditional Laotian beef salad, brimming with flavor of cilantro, lime, fish sauce and chillies. That was until recently. The last two times I ordered this dish it was simply bland. Called them the  to ask if they had changed the recipe? I ordered it spicy, yet all I could taste was plain ground beef. Did they lack ingredients to prepare.? Very disappointed. Plus they upped their prices. Just too bad. Was such a fine spot.
A solid 3. The summer rolls were okay. Not enough herbs and way too much lettuce. I make better at home. The pad prik was pretty good, maybe a touch too salty. No Jasmine tea.  Just Lipton assorted tea bags. Meh. Service was great. Nice and attentive. There is some seating and an eating counter overlooking the street. Not a date place, but just fine otherwise. Specials are on the chalkboard. Also, prices on Allmenus.com are way outdated. Entrees run 13-15 bucks.
For a place with really crappy decor I thought the food was DELICIOUS. I had the Massaman Curry with chicken, so sweet with pineapple and a little kick. Considering I am a virgin to anything spicy this was a "happy place." Considering I walked in a 11:30 and there were no other tables in there it was a tad slow. I can't remember what my ex ordered but it was a beef and he liked it but wasn't raving about it. The bill was $20 for both meals.
Panang curry was good but the primary flavor of the drunken noodles was soy sauce, which is definitely off.  I'd go again for dinner, but given that they don't have cheaper lunch prices, not a great place for lunch.
Yummy, yummy yummy food. Good service.
We had shrimp fried rice, green curry, summer roll and Thai iced tea tonight at Lao. We live in New York City and eat a lot of Thai restaurants, Liao is very authentic and delicious. Fried rice is so good and green curry is tasty. Even thought it's a small restaurant an with simple decor, it is a cozy and nice place to dine in. Strongly recommend it.
Had the chicken panang. Absolutely delicious - flavors, aroma, presentation... all very good! Definitely recommend this place!
Great soup and delicous food. I tried Tom Yum soup and Pad Thai tofu. As good as it gets!
Lao Village is a great little Thai place.  The food is really good, especially the curry puff appetizers, all the curry dishes and the Larb Gai, a spicy ground chicken salad. The atmosphere of the restaurant is a little lacking, but the service is always friendly.  My only complaints is that they are cash only and they always run out of the curry puffs at dinnertime.  More curry puffs please!
Terrible. If you like Pad Thai covered in hideous red hot sauce from a bottle, go to Lao Village. If you're looking for authentic Thai food, go elsewhere.
Love Lao Village. Best curry sauce in Syracuse. Great for eating in or taking out. You can also find them at the local Syracuse farmers markets. two thumbs way up!
Very good thai food.  I had wide noodles in the house sauce, and tried some of the green curry.  It was just the single waitress/hostess/phone order-taker, so service was kind of slow on a wednesday.  Great thai food and very very inexpensive.
Great Loasian and Vietnamese food. Thanks Yelp for bringing me here. If you love spicy get the thai red basil. You won't be disappointed
i just moved here from NYC and they have pretty damn good curry!  so happy i found this place.  sometimes it looks like a hurricane hit in there after lunch, and they could definitely spice up the interior decor, instead of it just looking like a greasy spoon chinese restaurant with dirty windows from the outside.  i wasn't going to go in at first, but did.  it blows everything else away in suckeycuse.
Easily the best Lao/Thai food in Syracuse.
