I went to Phoebes tonight for dinner and liked it.  As others posted, it has a charm to it.  The staff is friendly and the food is solid.  I started with the Phoebe salad which had a mix of walnuts and blue cheese (4 out of 5), a half order of the Orrechiette Pasta with chicken (3 out of 5) and finished with the homemade raspberry cheesecake (4 out of 5) I ate at the bar which had ample room and a nice feel for any business traveler.  I liked Phoebe's more than the restaurant at The Genesee Grande which is just a block away.  I'd encourage guests at the Grande to take the 2 minute walk down the road for a more comfortable and friendly experience (think of it as a nice Cheers mixed with a French bistro style)
Charming spot across from the Syracuse Stage. I'm usually here to drink, and the bartenders are quite congenial. The food is above the fray for Syracuse, but probably a little overpriced. I got to meet the architect who redesigned this place...complimented him on the very warm bar area (the whole place is very cozy). For drinks alone..one of the shining lights in a truly dismal city.
I visited here years ago with my family and had good memories of the food and atmosphere. I was not disappointed.the food is simple but very good. Amazing in fact. My wife and I got the Brancott sauvignon blanc which was great for a light lunch. This place has loads of atmosphere and a great vibe!!!! It only gets better after that!
I have been here a few times for lunch as well as for dinner.  The menu changes every few months but a few items seem to stay the same.  The house made hummus is excellent and is always on the menu. Most dishes I have had were great.  I ordered a salmon dish here once which was tasty.   The last time I was here for lunch I had the eggplant Napoleon which I was not a big fan of.  I thought it would have been numerous layers of fried eggplant.  Instead it was three thick pieces of eggplant.  It tasted greasy, as expected, but it would have been better if the slices were thin and had more sauce.  It was near Christmas and I ordered the peppermint cheesecake.  I am very particular with my cheesecake since I used to bake cheesecake regularly.  This cheesecake was disappointing.  It tasted and had the texture of cheesecake flavored whipped cream.  It was not dense like cheesecake should be. The ambiance is nice, I would call it classy casual.  Be careful to call ahead during the summer to see if they are open.  They have different, shorter, hours in the summer.  I have heard people call it a "loud" place but every time I have been there for lunch or dinner on a Saturday night, it was not loud at all.  They also have a private room which I think is good for a party of about 15 people, possibly more depending upon how the tables are set up.
I made a reservation for three people and I am very glad I did because the restaurant was full when we went. if you check in on yelp, you get 15% off for your entire dining check. Its a great deal. The Food was good. I would love to come back again to try their brunch menu. However, I thought the service could improve. It takes a long time to find our waitress to get anything we needed, and when she does come back, she gave me the feeling that she just doesnt want to be there.
The atmosphere here is fantastic - it's so bright, friendly, and lively. It seems like a great place for gathering with a group of friends. However, it's really noisy during its busy hours so I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for some place quiet. The food is inconsistent. I had the chicken pita, which I didn't like at all. The chicken was blackened, and that's all I could taste. It completely overpowered the other flavours. On the other hand, my mom really enjoyed her chicken bruschetta wrap.
My boyfriend and I came here for a belated-Valentine's Day dinner this year. It was one of the better dinners we've had out here in upstate NY. The atmosphere inside the restaurant was nice- seems like a great date night restaurant. The service was good as well. For food, I ordered the half-portion hanger steak. It came with mashed potatoes, leeks, other vegetables (carrots, beats, etc.) and a nice fruit compote. The steak was very tender and overall my dinner was very flavorful and enjoyable. My boyfriend ordered the ricotta gnocchi which was good as well, though a bit too salty. Overall, a great dining experience. I'd recommend Phoebe's.
Phoebe's has a dark wood coffee lounge with those kind of 1920's-esque drawings of pretty women, a bar with brass, wood which hosts bands, and a main, spacious dining room, called, "The Atrium," with huge vaulted ceilings made of glass (skylights). It's beautiful. I can see why people might love this place for weddings, gatherings, and in summer. It's also beautiful in winter (though it'd be even more beautiful with white lights around the windows). However, the owners manage to make this place both spacious and cozy! It's very romantic. The food is very good, too - for the most part. We had the brie-apple filo dough with an amaretto cream, which was divine with melted brie, and sweet sauce, except that it was garnished with radish sprouts -- an odd  choice for a dish which could almost double as a dessert. The salmon was perfectly cooked, (moist), and garnished with fried leeks on top, with true baby carrots (not those imposters in the bag at the Supermarket!), and garlic mashed potatoes; this was a perfect dish! The chicken roumelade ($20), on the other hand, was not perfect. It was supposed to be stuffed with walnuts and blue cheese. The walnuts were huge -- too big for the wheels of chicken, and the blue cheese had no flavor whatsoever. I didn't eat it at all. On the other hand, it came with those heavenly garlic mashed potatoes, and the most perfectly steamed green beans. The service was very nice, and the experience was decadent. The prices were high (as we knew before going), and the parking was difficult. All in all, it was a romantic evening. :)
My favorite restaurant in Syracuse. Not cheap, but worth it! I've had my birthday dinner there two years in a row, which says a lot.
I had to try this restaurant when I was visiting Syracuse because something about the name just speaks to me ;-) We went for lunch and had the spinach salad, which was very fresh, the tacos (don't remember what kind, but those were good too) and a margherita pizza.  The pizza, which was my dish, had a thick crust I didn't care for and too much cheese.  It looks like their sandwiches are good though, so I regret not ordering a sandwich instead. Their Monday trivia night sounds fun (I'm a big fan of trivia) and their Art Nouveau sign looks pretty cool.  So, 4 stars, what the heck.
We came here for lunch a couple of hours after the conclusion of a hectic Syracuse University graduation. We were 7 altogether and Phoebe's was able to accommodate us. The menu seemed fun so I was looking forward to the meal.  My appetizer was a special soup of the day: New England clam chowder. It tasted very fresh and the quality of the ingredients was top notch. For the main course, I ordered the prime rib with a side of horseradish mashed and asparagus. This dish was scrumptious. The  melange of flavors blended fantastically together. The meat was tender and juicy and the sides were delicious. Finally, for dessert, I was ecstatic to see that a Peach/Berry Cobbler was on the menu. It came with huckleberry ice cream. All I can say about this item is Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Please, do yourselves a favor and order this for dessert! I had to keep my plate safe from my mother's wandering fork!
Absolutely amazing!  Cool vibe, neat old building, GREAT food and allergy friendly.  The service was among the best I have ever received.  It is not to be missed!
We love to stop here for lunch when we are in the city. I'm partial to the Cuban sandwich as it's almost as good as the ones I used to get in a bodega in Miami. The Phoebes salad is also wonderful. A medley of spring greens, cranberries, walnuts, onions and tomatoes tossed with a light house dressing.....yummy! The interior decor is warm and cozy with an amazing old carved mahogany bar, Billie Holiday jazzy blues playing in the background, worth the trip.
You really wanted to like this place. Really adorable inside and nicely decorated. We had the nicest waitress. Ordered a duck crepe. It was served Luke warm and the duck meat was dry and tasteless. It also tasted microwaved. Then had  a dry pork dish with " root vegetable Napoleon". It had that awful flavor that left over potatoes have. This place is overly ambitious. The chef doesn't have the chops for a " root vegetable Napoleon". My son had a barbecued brisket, again it was dried out and microwaved. Save your money and go somewhere else!
So I find myself in Syracuse with no car and for whatever reason ( I will spare the boring details) I end up at the mall with no option but Ruby Tuesday.  Needless to say it was not great. However this is not about Ruby Tuesday. Tonight I walked from my hotel, three blocks in the snow (uphill both ways ;) ) to Phoebe's.  It was like I had found Cíbola after last night's experience. Firstly, I haven't read any reviews that mention reservations.  You should get a reservation.  It was quite busy on a Saturday night at 6:30pm despite it being being cold and following a week of 43" of snow.  The hostess was nice enough to seat the two of us anyway with the caveat that they would need the table in an hour.  Love the upfront honesty.    Waitress was quick, efficient and tolerant to the umpteen menu questions I always have. FOOD: 1)Phoebe's mixed greens: Yums but lightly dressed so ask for more on the side if you like it drenched.   2)Pumpkin, Apple, Cranberry, Cream Cheese Wonton: Not too heavy despite the description.  4 wontons on the plate. I thought it was a great warm-up to the main course. 3)"Bistro" Sausage and Pumpkin Cavatelli:  exactly the same as the main course of the same name but smaller.  $13 vs $20.  With the pumpkin puree and goat cheese it is fairly rich.  If you don't like creamy pastas, stay away!  I loved the sage. 4)Apple and Sage stuffed Pork Chop: Excellent!  Just the right amount of sage, not overpowering.  Apple ginger and craisin chutney was a nice holiday touch.  Garlic mashed and haricot verts were a perfect compliment.  What a nicely cooked and juicy chop. Best pork chop I have had in ages. Loved this place!  go now!   Oh and my bill, pre-tip, at Ruby Tuesday was $51 vs $66 here.  Lesson learned yet again; even if you have to walk in the snow and pay $15 more, go to a real restaurant or stay home and order chinese.
There's two types of times to go to Phoebe's. A nice thrifty lunch date with a close group of friends, or a snazzy dinner date where you'll want to have dressed for that play afterwards. As a Syracuse student, I know there's hidden gems in this city. Phoebe's is no hidden gem to the locals, but to students who think it's out of their price range, it's really worth the day trip to. You can afford less than $10 or a little more for a meal, then you can opt of the regular Bleu Monkey and come to Phoebe's. I've been here multiple times, but I can recommend their lunches most definitely. I definitely recommend the house salad, a unique blend of walnuts, and their salad dressing that is one of the best salads I've ever had. I don't even like bleu cheese, and I found myself eating it heartily. Their Sweet Potato fries are amazing. Sweet, but not overly so. Crisp and tasty, and a good portion that can be shared with friends! I freaking love sweet potato fries, and am very picky with how they turn out. Phoebe's makes one of the best I've ever had. No, the interior isn't very private, depending on where you sit, but if your company is engaging enough, I'm not sure why you would bother listening to other people's conversations.
I was back in Syracuse with several friends for a conference this past weekend, and after failing at our restaurant search in Armory Square (Hour-and-a-half waits? No bueno.), the concierge at the Crowne Plaza mentioned a pizza place within walking distance of the hotel. So we walked there. Across the street, we saw Phoebe's - it looked better than pizza, so we opted for that. Turned out to be a good choice. Everyone in our group was very pleased with the food (I think I heard the salmon described as "orgasmic"), including me - the Bistro Tuscan Penne was very good, and perfectly portioned. The crème brulée was also great - not too sweet, as crème brulée can often be - as was the Kahlua & coffee. Some people have mentioned a distaste for the clientele and how cramped the restaurant is. Perhaps it's because we were there around 9 pm, but we had no issues with anything of the sort. There was almost no wait, even on a Friday night, which was nice. The only complaint I'd have is that our particular table was a bit unstable (it was a little wobbly and slanted), which was unsettling. Other than that, it seemed like the pricing was reasonable, the service was good, and the atmosphere was pleasant. I'd go back.
First time here, stopped in for lunch.  I had the spinach salad and added some grilled chicken.  Everything was nice and fresh and the chicken came out juicy and nicely grilled.  Overall a good quality lunch.  I'll be back again for sure.
Pheobe's is very cute and quaint. I have only been once with my class but it was a great experience. They set aside a big table in a separate room and we had our own waitress who tended to our every needs. The food was absolutely delicious. Its right across from Syracuse Stage so its perfect if you are going to a show and dinner. I already made a reservation here for Valentine's Day!
Amazing food!!! The lamb was great.  Bar staff is very knowledgeable and attentive!  Very clean classy decor perfect place for a drink or a quiet meal with a date.
The clientele here is what takes away from this place. Full of Syracuse Stage actors and so-called performers speaking highly of themselves with their loud detailed dreams of Broadway and London. I suggest you stay away. It's very annoying.  There is absolutely no privacy in this place with tables so close together it's to the point of irritating.  The management just seems to like to cram people in and not care about the dining experience.
Great place for lunch. Nice atmosphere. Friendly wait staff. Good burgers, fun and tasty salads and good daily specials!
SETTING: Lunch for three. VENUE: Corner spot near OnCenter buildings. DECOR: Vintage. Wood & brass decor. SERVICE: Friendly. CUISINE: Mix of this and that on the menu. Tried a large-portion pasta dish. VERDICT: Will return again!
Phoebe's is a pretty good and reliable place. The only 2 problems are the hours and the prices.  They're not open on Sundays, and Mondays are only open for lunch.  I've also found a locked door more than once when I needed a coffee- there's not much else near this corner. Lunch is pretty reasonable, and decent food.  Dinner is quite expensive for what it is.  The salads are great, the meat is pretty good, and the seafood is passable.  The staff is nice and attentive, which makes up for some of that. I do wish they had a more diverse liquor selection.
I have been to Phoebe's on two occasions. The service was good, food was decent, a bit pricey for the portion size. The most recent visit I ordered an apple martini (which was fantastic), a seasonal salad, calamari and a steak. The portions for the salad and appetizer was perfect, however the steak meal over mashed potatoes was small for the price.  There were four of us for dinner.  2 martinis, one appetizer, 2 salads and 4 meals, came I $170 dollars not including the tip. Overall it's a nice place to eat if you're looking for a small dinner at an original place and aren't on a budget.
*This review is specifically for the new-ish Monday night trivia Phoebe's experience.* The restaurant is as cute as ever and so provides the best - boisterous, but convivial - atmosphere for trivia I have experienced around this town. In order to expedite service (considering that everybody orders at exactly the same time, which is not the typical way a restaurant operates), they run a more limited menu. Even as a person who has been going every week for a while now and who doesn't eat meat, I understand the logic of the above and find the choices acceptable. It would be absolutely ideal if they switched up one or two items every couple of months for example (I am hoping for that, especially as the season changes and I won't be in the mood for salad all that often), but even so, the food is always as delicious as I had come to expect from previous non-trivia visits to this place. The staff are very professional and friendly, as well as respectful of the flow of the game (i.e., they'll never ask you for your order or bring you the check while you're in the middle of writing answers). All in all, a great time to be had. (Oh, did I mention our team just won the 8-week tournament?! :) Yeah... we did. But even if we hadn't, everything above would still be true.)
Excellent food, outstanding service and wonderful atmosphere. After a weekend of crowded college fare, this fine dining experience was just what the doctor ordered. Even the final bill was a pleasant surprise. Very reasonable. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Came here the other night for dinner.  Been in town for work for the last 6 months and have driven by this place a million times.  Finally decided to try it out and I'll tell you what, we weren't disappointed at all.  From the outside, the place looks small, but is very big and spacious inside.   The waitress was great and gave us good recommendations when asked her opinion.  I ordered the panzanella salad to start off and then the vegetarian entree (which was a zucchini stuffed with quinoa, some other vegetables and feta cheese over couscous).  I was a little hesitant on my entree choice, but boy, was I wrong.  It was very tasty.   Overall, I will definitely be back again for dinner.
A cute place filled with little wooden cafe tables, perfect for two. I like the oddities of the place--several different rooms in which to dine, strange hours, a confusing menu plan. There's lunch, then late lunch, then bistro, then dinner. It's charming though. Especially nice at 3 in the afternoon when you have the whole place to yourself.
The service and atmosphere were outstanding; the food and drink, not so much.  Phoebe's is a beautiful restaurant with great character, a place you want to stay and enjoy the atmosphere. I had lunch today with a friend, and we asked our server, Catherine, if mojitos were a possibility.  She checked and they indeed had fresh mint (which I guess they normally don't) and so we ordered two.  Upon arrival, there was something not right -- the mojitos had a pink hue.  The first sip was not a good one -- bitter and not at all a mojito.  We tried to figure out the pink bitter concoction -- grapefruit juice, tonic water?  We told Catherine who apologized and told us it was made with bitters.  Noooo!  I decided that I would like another shot at it, and our second set of mojitos was slightly better -- not bitter but certainly not sweet.  I had to grab some sugar packets and manually add them to my drink to make it drinkable.  Strike 1.  For lunch, the prosciutto ham sandwich made with roasted red peppers and mixed greens on a stretch bread sounded delicious.  I don't eat prosciutto very much, so I was really looking forward to this treat.  What was in my sandwich was thinly sliced baked ham, made to look like prosciutto, but most definitely was not.  I was supremely disappointed but was enjoying my time there and didn't want to have to send back a second item.  Shame shame for trying to sell a poor imitation of prosciutto and pass it off as such! I ate half of it but mostly enjoyed the tomato bisque that I ordered with my sandwich.  Strike 2.  Since there was no Strike 3, I will most definitely go back to Phoebe's and order something different and probably avoid the mixed drinks and stick with a craft beer.
Phoebe's is a restaurant, bar, and a full service coffeehouse all in one, and it all works nicely.  First of all, the restaurant/bar area and the coffeehouse are separated into what you might thing were individual establishments if you couldn't walk from one to the other.  The coffeehouse has gourmet drinks, a quiet, lounge-style atmosphere, and WIFI.  What else do you need? The restaurant delivers an equally pleasant experience, at least for lunch, which is all I have tried (I do want to make it in for dinner one of these nights).  The food is good and the selection is varied enough to satisfy any palate; you can get a large angus burger with bacon and a side of fries or a light, blackened salmon salad. Our service was a bit off the last time I had lunch here.  Our order didn't come with a substitution that we had asked for, and the "romaine hearts" that were on the menu in the salad I ordered were really just the outer leaves of the romaine.   Overall, my few experiences at Phoebe's have been good.  Oh, and the pricing is very reasonable.
Salad and burger were so so. Surrounding was nice though
Delicious food, average service. I think my waitress was new, which I sympathize with, but as a result I can't give Pheobe's a top mark. The menu had just changed and the new additions are wonderful- the salmon, gnocchi, and salads were all great. Two thumbs up.
Lovely atmosphere, good service, decent food.  I was primed to love my pork tenderloin sandwich, given that I really enjoyed the French onion soup and the atmosphere, but it was pretty goddamn dry. Kind of mediocre.  My girlfriend got some kind of chicken pot pie that was excellent, though.  I trust the sandwich was an aberration and I will be back.
Place had a nice atmosphere and good service. The food was great. House salad awesome which isn't as easy as it sounds. I had the blackened salmon which was a little salty but tasted fine. Salty comes with blackend so I guess learn to deal with it.
This place was quite a relief to find after walking a sort of sketchy block from the hotel.  I'd say it's a smidge overpriced - but my salmon was perfectly cooked, the wine list was good, and the service was very helpful and friendly.  I'd definitely go back if I find myself in Syracuse again.
Phoebe's looks and feels expensive but it's actually a really cozy place. It seems perfect for a casual lunch with friends or a dinner date. The food, service, and dining experience were all great. I'll definitely be coming back to Phoebe's.
LOVE this place. Pretty expensive for dinner.....I thought....until I noticed you can get half portions. Delicious scallops with sausage and excellent greens....mmmm....perfect warm bread....no you won't get enough for fido but I was plenty stuffed and had room for an after dinner drink at the bar....this is the best place I have been to in Syracuse....2 half portions a craft beer and a white wine $51.00.....
My bridal shower was held here.  It was my first time at Phoeb's and I loved it! The food was fantastic and the staff was very sweet and helpful. Everyone really enjoyed themselves! This is a great place to have an event!
I would definitely come back to this place again. The atmosphere was great, a lounge area with windows overseeing the streets, and interior decoration was lovely with soft jazz playing. I went with two of my girlfriends. We each had an entree and shared a bottle of white wine, an appetizer and dessert together. I spent about 30$, and I thought it was worth the money. The portion was enough and satisfying. The waitress was so nice and service was great. I am a big fan of their calamari, the salsa, lime and calantro were perfect combo. It was fresh and tasty, I definitely got tired of fried calamari, the almost go-to appetizer at any restaurant, and it gets dull.  The salmon entree was good, portion was enough (I ordered the half portion), however if i didn't have had the appetizer, then I would most likely be complaining about the size.
Only been here for lunch but its fantastic. Love the Salmon Lox on the croissant. very cool restaurant. My favorite lunch spot in Cuse.
The food and beer at Phoebe's were both pretty good.  My only issue with the place is the old guy behind the bar was an outright bigoted ass.  He made some comments about gay people that just made me sick.   This guy should be fired.  Honestly, I don't care what anyone thinks about anyone else, but hateful speech doesn't help anyone... ever. Also, the two people he was chatting with shouldn't be allowed outside the house without some education about the freedoms we enjoy in this country. So, to recap... If you, old guy, slightly heavyset bartender with glasses read this...  You should be ashamed of yourself for being such an ass.  And Phoebe's owner, if you read this... You employ hateful people.  You might want to reconsider that.
My wife and I stopped in here one weekday last week.  We were pleasantly surprised by this little place.  The atmosphere was cozy and warm on a cole Syracuse day.  The food was great.  My wife had the mushroom soup, which was excellent.  I had probably the best Rueben I have ever eaten.  The menu is small, but every dish seems to be done well.
Cute lunch place in Syracuse! The setting is charming, food is decent, and staff are attentive and helpful. I would definitely return if I'm ever in Syracuse.
Kind of fancy and pricey for dinner.  I like it more for lunch, which seems less formal and definitely cheaper.  Good tasting food; pleasant, intelligent servers.  Great location across from Syracuse Stage.  The staff know what they're doing when people come for dinner & a show.  Parking ($) right next door.
Had a birthday dinner here last night and it was just ok. The ambience was very nice, although very loud in the dining room. The server was knowledgable and very pleasant. The wine list was good. The food was disappointing. 2 people ordered the chili noodles, and found them too sweet and too loaded with peppers. One person left a bowl full.  Another ordered shrimp, which arrived on a skewer and not seasoned. 4 shrimp. They were out of the sole, so another ordered the mahi mahi, and was nothing special.  I had the eggplant Napoleon which was crispy but tasteless.  All the presentations were beautiful, however.  Now here's the real disappointment...when the reservations were made, we let them know it was for a birthday.  When we arrived, we again mentioned it was a birthday. When we ordered dessert, we asked if the kitchen had a candle or sparkler for a birthday dessert, there was no response and no candle or sparkler was served. All in all,  a disappointment .
I have had lunch, breakfast, and take-out from Phoebes.  I've always been satisfied with the food and felt like it was reasonable priced.  It's pretty standard American fare.  Only downfall is the service level varies sometimes...  Even if its empty it can be pretty slow for lunch.
