I was very pleasantly surprised and impressed.  I haven't been able to find a decent nail salon since coming to Syracuse that is both reasonably priced and a nice experience, but this place definitely fits the bill.  I was slightly nervous after reading a couple of the negative reviews, but appreciated how the owner took the time to politely respond to each of them. I went in for a mani/pedi and John was excellent (I would totally ask for him again!).  The owner met us initially and didn't rush us at all as my friend and I decided what we wanted to get and chose our colors.  The pedicure was very relaxing and was definitely full service - no skimping on cleansing, exfoliating, buffing, massaging, and taking time applying polish.  with both the mani and pedi there was great attention to detail and I felt very well cared for.   All would have been fine to stop there, but they also have a 20% discount for students - hip hip hooray for grad school!  This will definitely be my place now!
I have been on a search for a good nail salon in Syracuse and this is definitely the best option! The staff is very warm and welcoming and the prices are fair. They don't bother you and try to up sale, it's nice and relaxing.
I've been going there for over a year pretty regularly but today I'm done. I've been annoyed with them before but gone back to give them chance after chance. They do have good color selection for gel polish and the lady who greets you is very nice and always remembered me but unfortunately her technicians never did. I tip generously but no one ever seemed to remember me or perform the same service the same way. Always skimping on some step or trying to sneak an extra charge in without asking. I get my manicures and pedicures to relax. This is a luxury expense and I go in feeling like I'm disturbing their day. I leave anything but relaxed. They are always talking loudly to each other, or have their phones out to watch a video or play a game. Loudly! Today one technician was on her phone on speaker while she was with a client. My nails come out well the majority of the time but every 3-4 visits they just suck. Today I had to repeatedly ask them to redo a nail. And it took forever! I paid for the VIP membership but I don't even care anymore, I'm done. If I'm paying $60-$80 a visit then I want to relax. Not babysit them doing my nails or listen to people talking and watching their phones. Phones aren't allowed on my job. Go to the back room. It's rude.
Went here off a recommendation and can say I was extremely disappointed. First, I made an appointment, but still had to wait for over 20 minutes. Then the service I did get was a complete rush job. I got a gel mani and pedi, and 2 days later half of my finger nail gel chipped off! She also cut my cuticle pretty badly. I went to another place to have it repaired and they said the whole manicure looked so terrible, so they offered to fix it for a few dollars. Definitely not going back!
Horrible.  All male nail technicians (which I thought was odd.  Okay, but odd).  No one understands or speaks English. Skipped over all the basics of a manicure and pedicure.  I had to ASK three times for him to actually clip my cuticles (pedicure)--he just rubbed the cuticle trimmer over my cuticles and didn't clip anything.  Didn't scrub.  Didn't do anything.  He pointed at a bottle and lotion and expressed "do you want?"  I thought it was lotion.  It was $10 extra callous remover.  Slapped it on and walked away.  I had to ask the owner/manager what was going on and she informed me that it was extra.  No. Remove.  He didn't clarify cost.  Remove.  The manicure was equally awful.  Used so little polish, it was streaky and almost transparent.  Oh, and didn't clip cuticles either.  The only nice part about this mani/pedi was the massage.  Nice touch.  Otherwise, never go here.
Very friendly.  Beautiful salon and spa.  Services are reasonably priced and well done.  Good massages, spa package is definitely worth the upgrade.  Great for big parties.  Timing of our large group was perfect.  Pay in cash and save 5%.  Green tea package was refreshing.  Shoulder massage at end of the manicure was an added bonus.  They also offered snacks and drinks which was a nice surprise!
They get three stars because when we made an appointment and showed up at said time they had room for us. They also get 3 stars because less than 24 hrs from being in the chair my polish on my feet has already chipped. If I painted them myself, they'd last a month. It was ok. They don't speak or understand English so point to what you what you want, but nice workers.
This was my first time there.   It's very clean and bright and comfortable.  I got a gel manicure, but they have lots of different services.  I'm never going back to the place I usually go.   They offered me a drink and massaged my shoulders.   It was $30 for it, which is only $5 more than my usual place.  I also felt much more comfortable there.  I'm definitely a new customer.
Absolutely Wonderful!!!!  Would go back in a heartbeat!!!!  Very friendly and very clean. Only feedback I would offer is that they are in East Syracuse not Downtown which is where the directions took me. They are wonderful!!!
I was very pleased with my visit.  I splurged and got the Lavender and Sugar Spa Pedicure which also includes for free a manicure and callous removal.   I highly recommend getting your nails done by Jack.  He does an awesome job also with the leg, foot, arm and hand massage that is part of the package.  The spa is very clean with brand new equipment.  The massage chairs are great and it's fun checking out all the different possible massage settings.  The staff is very  nice.  The owner walks around making sure everybody is comfortable and offers coffee and tea.  Parking was very easy right in front of the salon.  I highly recommend this spa for great nail and massage service.  They also have a comfortable lounge area with a big couch and big screen TV for friends or significant others to hang out.
I'd done my homework and high hopes for this place. It was just ok. I made an appt for a friend and I to get pedicures, and we ended up waiting 20min to be seated. My pedicure was started and finished before anyone came over to start my friend. She say with her feet in hot (then cold water the whole time.) Then while I got a manicure, they finally started her. The price was higher than I saw advertised, I paid $37 for both mani & pedi. After they set us to dry, no one came over again to check on us or anything. I won't go back when I'm in town again.
I couldn't believe how rude the staff was! The only thing I could attribute it to was the heat-it was 93 today! Well, with that being said they are in the service industry and service is definitely lacking here. Barely hello, the technician got right to work, used all non verbal cues and then rudely said $25. No please, no thank you, no how would you like to pay!! Oh Sakura Nails on first in Manhattan how I miss you!!! Get me out of this sh**t town!!!!
I'm new to the area so I'm trying to find my new go-to nail salon and this place had some pretty good reviews so I thought I'd give it a try. When I first walked in I was shocked at how huge the place is! Very clean and all of their spa chairs seemed brand new. They have a very friendly staff and a huge selection of colors. Although, I noticed they offered another customer a drink but didn't offer me one which is a little annoying. It's $25 for a regular pedicure and $45 for a spa pedicure which I thought was a tad bit pricy at least from what I'm used to paying. Overall I wouldn't mind coming back but I think I'm gonna try a few more salons before I settle on this one.
Very friendly staff, fast and diligent service. An all around pleasant experience each time I go, not to mention complimentary snacks and drinks
A very relaxing experience all around. from the moment I walked in the door, to the moment I left, I was pampered & waited on hand & foot (literally!) I got a basic mani & pedi, prices were very reasonable, staff was extremely pleasant. they carried my purse & shoes from station to station for me & when I smudged my own nail after not letting it dry completely, they had no problem touching it up for me. I will definitely be a returning customer!
It's only taken me 4 years to find a great nail salon!! It's very nice on the inside and all of the employees were incredibly nice. The salon is very spacious and since it's new, everything was very clean. They just opened on October and I don't think many people know how good it is yet. Got a gel fill today and they came out great. The fill ended with a massage with a hot towel and the prices were pretty average. For students at LeMoyne or Syracuse- you get 20% off so it's totally worth it! Can't wait to go back !
Everyone was so nice! The place is adorable with many pedicure seats and a nice couch area. The pricing was reasonable. Never been to a place that gives massage while drying. Would definitely return!!!!
Just as an additional note, bring cash, because while they can use credit cards, they get charged for it, so leaving a tip becomes an expense for them, rather than a nice thing from you. Bring cash tip money. Be nice.
Was visiting Syracuse for a two week work trip and wanted to have a mani/pedi.  Headed to place at the mall and witnessed an altercation between a disgruntled customer and management (the word infection was involved).  I headed out in search of another nail salon, knowing nothing about the area.  Found this place and LOVED IT!!!!!  Clean, efficient, professional.  Gel manicure was chip free after three week when I finally had to have it redone because the nails were growing.  Great pedicure.  Lots of color choices and lots of deals on their facebook page.  Highly recommend.
Just got a mani/pedi through a Groupon Deal and I was very pleased!  The place is very clean, massage chairs beautiful, employees pleasant.  I have tried many nail places on the east side and I must say this one was the best.  I had "Jeff" and he was quite quick but very talented.  I would totally recommend this place.  I did see the sign about giving CASH tips.....putting it on a credit card is NOT ALLOWED, however if it is your first time they let you go.  I went CASH all the way.
Excellent service, prices & atmosphere. Had a manicure/pedicure & could not be happier with the whole process. You definitely get your money's worth & then some.
Super service. Friendly staff. A good deal for mani/pedi, the full calf and feet massage plus hand and back massage were a bonus that will keep me coming back to this place. The person who did my nail told me that their boss is a kind lady that treats her employees well unlike the previous place he worked at, so that's an added reason to go and support this business
jenny, the owner of these salons, is great, i have known her for years, and have been to most of her shops. she is warm, friendly and receiving to her customers. she wants to make sure all of her customers are happy, and that's what running a great business is all about! her shops are attractive, clean and best of all, friendly, employees who do their best! i love her, and her shops! i would never go anywhere else! and i am so happy for her, that all of her shops are so successful, shes worked hard, and it shows!
