You walk in and you're greeted by the nicest guys. 99% of the time I order some sort of sub, for me, these are the best subs in Albany. The quality and taste of the ingredients is second to none and the sandwich is always piled high. You can grab a fresh made cannoli or try some of their premade/homemade refrigerated dinners. The chicken parm tastes like my grandma from Italy made it herself. They also offer a decent amount of imported groceries and cheeses. I'm pretty much addicted to this place and would absolutely recommend to try it.
Happy Italian guys making great food out of a house (I love houses that are converted into commercial establishments) near the north end of Delaware. When I'm trying a new deli I usually get an Italian mix sub, but at Andy's decided to try their house special with mortadella, sopressata, provolone (definitely ask for the sharp) and roasted red peppers, all on a puffy roll with sesame seeds. By the time I got to the train to eat it it was dripping out of the wrapping, a very good sign. Only thing that keeps it from five stars is the fact that they use Boars Head meats, which to me have a somewhat generic flavor; the sopressata lacked the characteristic gaminess. But make no mistake, the sandwich was very, very good. I will be back to try the Classic, the Hot Italian and one other whose name I forget. There are treasures waiting on the shelves as well. Altimo 00 flour from Italy, so you can make authentic Neapolitan pizza at home! A little tub of white anchovies for $5.95! and lots of house made sauces and condiments.
"Che La Luna", the old Italian classic by Paolo Citarella, most notably heard sung at the beginning wedding scene in The Godfather, is being played on the music player in back.  Prosciutto and Cappicola are hung from the ceiling.  The workers all have NYC Italian American accents and make small talk with the customers.  Either this is really cliché or it is the real thing my friends. Given that Andy & Sons has been here since 1957, I will go with the latter. The biggest problem I have with Andy & Sons Importing Co is that every time I am in there I want to buy and eat everything.  This is not possible; I have tried, and ran out of money - quickly, oh so quickly. Andy & Sons is a classic Italian import and local market and gourmet deli.  They have a great selection of quality Italian items that include but are not limited to: homemade pastas, sausages, sauces, soups and salads. Using only the finest cold cuts, predominately the expensive but always quality Boar's Head, I usually come for the big, hearty hot or cold subs (6.99-8.99) served on delicious sesame seed bread.  They are thick, oily, messy, and delicious. Somehow, I come for a sub but leave with some imported olive oil, aged pecorina, dried sopressata, some stuffed peppers, a bottle of puttanesca sauce, and a bowl of Italian Wedding soup. My wallet is very light leaving Andy & Sons.  Although I will eat well, there is always some regret when I get home at forking over 9 bucks for some incredible pasta sauce.
Gigantic subs, friendly staff, real Italian accents - this, my friends, is a true deli shop. Don't be surprised to find authentic imported oils, cheese, and homemade marinara sAWces lining up this deli - you've got yourself the real deal. I ordered the chicken Milano, after some advice from the guy behind the counter (Andy's sons?? Who knows) who walked me through what to put on the sub. Ask them what they have bc they've def. got more than what the menu offers. Mayo pesto sauce??? How good is that?? When I got my sub, it was literally 12 whoppin' inches long. They generously added a 1/4 slice of pickles on the side - which was a nice gesture but sogged up the wrapping paper. The good- sandwich was yummy, ESP with the mayo pesto dressing and the amount of food is enough for two people. There is free parking a door down. The bad- the bread comes soggy if you have tomato in there... What I wish they had was garlic toasted heros or toasted heros. The sandwich was good, but nothing so original that I haven't had before. I've certainly had better back in Long Island, but this place is a good alternative for the Albany peeps. There are no seating available.
Great signature subs and sandwiches. I'm bias towards anything but Genoa import in Loudonville because I grew up on it. However these guys are a close second. Staff is always very welcoming and friendly. They have some great signature sandwiches but could definitely use some more. (Main reason why I prefer genoa, they have at least double the amount of sig sandwiches. I'd take these guys over Cardona's down the street.
This is a wonderful part of the neighborhood.  It's been here as long as I can remember, and so my rating is probably colored somewhat by my great affection for the place. Andy's has, to my way of thinking, maybe one flaw.  The store is just a few short blocks down the street from Cardona's.  Cardona's selection dwarfs the selection at Andy's.  That said, I've never walked into Andy's and been unable to find what I need.  They've got your staple items, but also homemade sauces etcetera.  The deli is divine.  I have a weak spot for an italian special from Andy's of a Saturday afternoon.  In the eternal clash between Andy's and Cardona's, let it be said that Andy's makes the better sandwich.
I lived in Albany, next to Delaware avenue for three years and I regret that I did not go to Andy & sons more than once. I visited this place at the end and loved it. Their sandwiches are so good and fulfilling that I had to skip my dinner because I had a late lunch. And like any other good importing company, they have great collection of authentic Italian grocery. My advise to people who can still get Andy's sandwiches, go and enjoy because there is no other like these guys when comes to making a nice big sandwich.
It's a jam-packed Italian deli with just about every kind of cheese imaginable, plus a bunch of frozen home made pastas. They also make great subs.
Andy and Sons has been on my to do list for quite some time. A non-Yelp friend of mine asks if I have tried them nearly every time we see each other. Since this week I am planning to spend lunch somewhere new each day, I decided to give into the peer pressure and give the place a go and kick the week off in style. First thing you notice as you walk in, this is not a restaurant. This is an Italian deli, right out of Howard Beach. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if one or more of the people who work here were from that area. It smells Italian, it sounds Italian, it feels Italian. I was not expecting all of the food around me, I was just planning to come in for a sandwich. I ordered my Roman, it's like a deluxe Italian sub, and wandered around a bit while waiting for them to build it. Fresh made pasta, all different types of sausages, fuggedaboutit. As I am walking about a few regulars walked in and it was like I was back in Queens. Some conversation they have probably have been having for years, a few minutes at a time, just picks up where it left off the day before. I have never seen this happen outside of the city, and it really felt amazing. I missed them making the sandwich and it was all wrapped up tight for me to take it, so I had to wait until I got home to see it. It was huge. Everything you want all layered perfectly. If I had to come up with a flaw, there were two. First, a little heavy on the roasted peppers, they ended up overpowering at times. But more importantly, because I decided to come home and eat I had to deal with the neighborhood thug trying to steal a few bites. This thug is a 65 pound greyhound/lab mix who's tall enough to put his head on the table and take a nibble if you're not watching. Thanks to my neighbor across the road, Jackson has a particular fondness for quality lunch meats and this sandwich set him off to new tricks. I finally had to put him outside when he stood on his haunches and put his paw around my shoulder and tried to make me an offer I couldn't refuse.
It was like watching Episdoe I-III of Star Wars: highly proclaimed but disappointing. I went there to get their chicken napoli sub.  It's pretty good size for how much it costs, but the sauce or the chicken was running so the sub was very wet.  I don't like that when I eat subs.  Everything inside the sub kept on sliding out every time I took a bite, and that's probably more to blame gravity/friction and my eating abilities, but the point is, it got very messy. Someone also wrote that the aroma is very enticing as you enter, but I thought it smelled like an old rag...  Am I being naive or does anyone else think that too?  I know it's the sausages on the counter, but at first whiff, that's what I thought. I really like the guys working there, and they're always zinging each other.  Makes it look like a fun place to work, and therefore a very comforting atmosphere.  I'm sure this won't be my last visit, but I hope it's nothing like Star Wars (I'm disappointed in you Natalie) and it's worth going back more than once.
came, I left, I ate...I feel pregnant! Despite my terrible head-cold, I still needed to take the dawg for a run. But while the little pooch was running around....I started craving...and craving...I know that minestrone is what will cure my ailing nose and head, but I wanted more. I know my schmear on a bagel from my large pie with Sausage and Mushrooms and I know the difference between delicatessen from "A sandwich shop." I know, I am spoiled, being born in Manhattan with a silver whisk in my mouth and pastry bag to die for.  Living in downtown Albany, there is slim pickings for an old world foodie of my caliber. Then I parked in front of Andy and Sons. I needed a sub, despite my leanings for some "pasta e fagiole" soup that was the Proxy-Connection: keep-alive Cache-Control: max-age=0 ys special because of my cold. I opened the door.  I broke down "Ohhhhhhhh" , and almost cried..."You guys actually make a real Reuben..." The fat Italian behind the counter  remarked "Take your time son, there is no rush, but we have Italian subs to boot. "  What they have is a ton of little old world goodness stuffed in a tiny space. I scanned the menu, despite the interesting "42nd Street Special Sandwich,"  I ordered the Vinny Special. Sopressatta, Fresh Mozzarella,  Hot and Sweet Peppers on a Sesame Wheat sub roll. I got home. I unwrapped, I photographed, I ate. Tony Soprano or Uncle Junior couldn't have made it any better. So next time when I start to miss my ol' New York City sandwich, I will come here and get the Reuben.
Andy's has the best subs hands down in the capital district. They're super big and would easily last for two meals.  Great quality products and the bread is good too which is important.  The other stuff they sell that I've tried (Italian foods) have been delicious too! The men who work in here are always friendly and chatty.  They have a lot of other stuff such as homemade Italian meals like chicken parm, lots of cold cuts, and other goods.  Very small place, a lot packed in a little store.  And it smells delicious! Looking for a good Italian import store? Head to Andy's!!!!
Best heroes in Albany! Try the Cajun Bomber- so good!
I'm in Albany NY, helping my brother convalesce from Eye Surgery and the second day in I wanted a Hoagie so bad that I was going to pack his half-blind butt in the car and ease on down the Turnpike to Philly. My brother said there's a couple of good Italian sandwich spots and that I would be surprised at how authentic the sandwiches are. He said that the two top spots are Cardona's and Andy's which I went to first. Andy's has been around for over 50 years and when you enter, you do indeed step back in time .There's hanging Sausages, Cheeses, Pepperoni, Soprossatta, if it hangs, they got it! They have Canolles, olives, antipasto, fresh Mozzarella, homemade Ravioli, Ziti, Shells and sauces. They also make a Banana Pepper Shooter which is similar to a South Philly Shooter but more of a meal. But I came here for a sandwich and looking at the menu, it look like I was going to have to take charge of my order to satisfy my gut. Most of the sandwiches had only a 2 meat and 1 cheese formula that didn't seem adequate enough for me, so I asked for the Italian Special which had Cappacola and Salami & Provolone Cheese, and I added Prosciutto & Soppersato. We all know the most important component is the Bread and Andy's failed this test. The Bread was way too soft, bland and zero crunch. from there it went south for me and hopefully I'll have better luck tomorrow with the other guy.
They got very good food here and the people are friendly. It is worth checking out if you are in the neighborhood...
Hands down best subs in Albany!  Never had a bad one (10+ years in!) and have never disappointed anyone I referred here. The shop is pretty good as well, a little pricy, but well stocked, and the cheese selection is excellent.  They do prepackaged dinners, salads, olives, marinated peppers, and have homemade ravioli, pesto, sauce, and meatballs. Go over and get a few subs, and bring along some extra cash to spend on the things I assure you, you will binge buy.
GREAT subs! We all know that the bread is what makes a great sub....the bread here is great-a bit crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  This is the only place we get subs from anymore. The chains for sure, Subway, Mr.T Subb, really any other sub, looks PATHETIC compared to an Andy's sub. They have a Cajun bomber which my boyfriend always orders, and I get the veggie Xtasy. Also on the menu are several other unique combos to try.  They're always eager to please, can adjust any sub to your liking without giving you a dirty look for changing their recipe up, and it doesn't take too long to order a couple. Took about 8 minutes to make three huge subs for us. Definitely worth the wait!!!  And, get ready to be stuffed or have leftovers because one sub is two meals, or you can share with a friend-all for $6-8.
I'm so lucky to live practically across the street from this place. I enter the store, and my mouth instantly waters.  Imported meats and cheeses!  Fresh baked rolls!  The subs are HUGE and delicious!  One easily lasts me two meals.  I have a pretty hard time deciding among the specials of the day (all of which sounds sooo good...).  I like getting the pickle rolled up along with my sub.  If I had to pick just one, I think the hot italian sub is my favorite, or at the very least my standby for when I'm really indecisive. My roommate has also gotten fresh imported olives from here.  I'm not a huge fan of olives, but these things were divine!  Olives with flavor, not just some salty black thing. We also tried some of their frozen pasta.  Getting a thing of pumpkin ravioli from them is far better than something we'd get elsewhere, and the convenience (like I said, I'm practically across the street) is ridiculous.
Great for sandwiches or that hard to find (authentic!) Italian ingredient. The absolute best place in Albany to get  an assortment of cheeses; the Fontina was amazing. They sell freshly made/frozen meals, too-- haven't tried them yet, but they seem like a great idea. Fresh Mozzerella is a must.
Love this place!! Super friendly crew working there. I just got a foot long sub with roast beef, mozzarella, and mayo..HUGE! They piled on the roast beef and the mozzarella was so fresh and delicious (and real). I was so stuffed, and so happy. Way better than Cardonas.
OK, Andy & Sons, this has been a long time coming. I used to order from here all the time because I worked about a block away. I eventually swore off the place because they would regularly forget to make my sub and by the time I showed up (about 20 min after my order was placed) I would have to wait another 10-15 min for my food and the person at the counter (not the owner) was almost always rude. So I said "Screw Andys and his sons, I'll go to Cardonas!" And so lately it's seemed like Cardonas stopped putting meat in their subs (in the industry it's called "portion control") and I decided to give Andys another chance. Today I ordered my usual. Turkey, Bacon, Chedder, w' LTO, hot pepper relish and mayo. $9.50. And an implied "Go fuck yourself" when I paid. I would go to Burger Centric (which is next door) before I would go to Andys again, which means, I will never go there again, ever. Enjoy that extra $2 you tacked on to the price of my sandwich, Andy's. It's the last money you'll see from me. Schmucks. And my sandwich had no cheese.
I love Andy's.  Their subs will never disappoint you, and if you are carrying out for weekend guests (including those that are SURE nothing outside of the NYC metro area is worth eating) then Andy's won't embarrass you.  Carmen's Colossal has prosciutto, roasted red peppers, and thick slices of fresh mozzarella.  There's another one with roast beef and cole slaw that we love. You can get hot subs too--if you can't choose between eggplant and chicken parm, why not have both on one sandwich?   The sandwiches are huge.  We'll get two to split among 3 people and may or may not have leftovers, depending on the last time we ate. Slice each half in half and pass around the platter.  The people who work there are friendly.  It's true that I often have to wait after I arrive when I've called ahead - but never more than 3 minutes. The worst thing about Andy's is that you always want it after 7:30 or on Sundays (when they are closed).  I'd like to see a shop like that in each of the Albany burbs, too.
This is one of the best sub shops in albany (along with Genoa Imports )  the subs are delicious and piled high.  I love the Cajun Bomber and the Broadway sub.   It takes a few minutes to make the subs as all of the meats and cheeses are sliced at the time you order the sub. Try this sub shop and you will never want subway again!!
I love everything about Andy's. The subs are the best in town. A great place to buy deli meats and cheeses. Strictly a take out joint, and it can often get crowded as this small deli is stocked to the roof with quality Italian imports. Everyone should stop in once- you will be instantly hooked.
For years I've heard about how big and delicious the subs are at Andy's. With a day off from work I decided to take a trip over and pick up some subs. As soon as you walk in you are greeted with the aroma of dried sausages and see them hanging all over the place. It is a really small cramped spot inside but luckily I came at a good time when no one else was there. After staring at the menu trying to decide what I was in the mood for, I saw the "Hot Italian". Hot ham, hot sopressata, hot pepper cheese, hot peppers, LTO. And I knew, when you are in an Italian deli, you have to try the Italian meats. When I unwrapped this mammoth beast I was impressed with the amount of meat they loaded on. The rolls are fresh (from Prinzo's I believe) and  topped with sesame seeds. The hot pepper spread was perfectly spicy and the Italian dressing is everything you could ever ask for. I also picked up a container of macaroni salad which I was sadly disappointed in. It was the same old flavor you could buy at the grocery store. So I don't recommend that. My only other complaint is the lack of drinks. There are a couple coolers in the back with a small variety of uncommon drinks. I got a small bottle of San Pellegrino Limonata only to realize after that I needed a bottle opener. Along with the homemade dried sausages they sell a variety of homemade pastas and sauces. I picked up a jar of marinara which I am eager to try.
we Love this deli, the only problem is the proximity to Cordonas (i will choose to go there almost over anyplace as you may already know. they have organic meats besides...nevermind, read that in the review about cordonas). it is a really wonderful little deli. their fresh made subs are Fantastic. they slice the boar's head's meats for you after you order and the subs are Very full and delicious. there is also a wonderful selection of homemade italian foods including deserts.  the people who work here are all very friendly and helpful. word of warning - even if you only came in for a sub, you will leave with tons of extra items such as fresh mozz, a loaf of crusty bread, some lovely extra virgin olive oil...it is impossible to resist.
I grew up downstate where Italian delis existed on every corner. Andy's brings me right back. Their subs are huuuuuuuuuge (Billy Fucillo style) and tasty! They also have an array of sauces, frozen pastas, and dry goods from the homeland. I come for the subs. One sub can be easily split by two people. I also love their Italian wedding soup. Try it for a delicious and filling lunch... you won't be disappointed.
My opinion of any deli is usually made within the first 20 seconds I enter the store. There's a distinct smell and look that a truly good deli gives off, and Andy & Sons has that in spades. Everything looks delicious, the shelves and walls are covered with items that all look great, you can't go wrong. I got a fresh made sub, with chicken cutlet, mozzarella, tomato sauce and spicy salami. It was absolutely amazing. Better yet, the sandwich was huge and it is very well priced. Stop in, see what's fresh, order a sandwich, buy something for dinner, you won't be disappointed.
This is the BEST deli in town.  Try the 42nd street with their amazing cole slaw.  Rolls are nice, firm and fresh with sesame seeds.  Their sandwiches rock!
Let me make it short: I walked in to buy a loaf of bread and left with a tab for $85 on my credit card.  Thankfully I live 45 minutes away or I'd soon be broke. Great imported stuff!  Nice folks.  And on a very interesting stretch of Delaware Avenue, two blks from the Spectrum 8 movie house, next door to Burger Centric, and two blks from the quaint dimly lit Elbo Room bar & grill, all of which makes a trip to this nabe worthwhile.
The best subs in town at reasonable prices, made by friendly and raucous thick-fingered glissando masters of the deli slicer. High quality home-made mozzarella, frozen pasta and dried sausages. An impressive selection of olives, olive oils, balsamic vinegars, imported cheeses and Italian beverages, too. Gets pretty crowded during lunch hours, so go during off hours.
While Andy's is still my favorite sub around, I must admit it does look like they are putting less meat on the subs.  Dont get me wrong, they are still a hefty size and at a good value.  I am not going to remove a star because they are still the best, but I cant say that I dont notice the reduction.
Phenomenal Italian combo, and I know my Italian combos coming from downstate.
Yumm! This place is delicious. It beats the all the chains hands down.  All the subs are huge and are on glorious, fresh-baked rolls, and all the ingredients are top-notch, flavorful, and high quality, and as any sandwich fan knows, it is all about the quality of the ingredients.  Try it once, and you will be hooked. I promise!  This is also a great place to go for hard to find Italian imports
Tasty sub, scumbag staff. Not only did they ring my sub up for more than it was advertised (yeah, I noticed..), but then they charged my card almost 5 dollars more than they were supposed to. I'm not typically a very suspicious person, but this was clearly and obviously done on purpose. They must have taken me for some college chump... Guess I'm going to Cardonas next time.
