I must admit that I like getting hit in the face... on seldom occasions only. Fortunately, I get hit in the face with intense taste every time I come here, by the delicious "Chicken Fists" (crunchy boneless chicken accompanied with sauce of choice) they serve. My taste buds happily get hit in the face with all the other various dishes they offer as well. When I inhabit McGeary's, I also make sure to get hammered in my disorderly, inebriated (but happy) face with liquor as well. Their bar has all kinds of stuff to get impaired with. The waitresses are very accommodating as long as I don't let my drunken stupor loose and indubitably piss them off. Speaking of piss (Alert: bad pun and segue commencing), the bathroom at McGeary's contains a Victorian era urinal trough. To think that perhaps on one cold and melancholy night in 1888, Grover Cleveland himself may have wizzed there (with perhaps Benjamin Harrison wizzing right next to him). Come touch a piece of Upstate New York history! If you're in the downtown Albany area, this is pretty much the best bar there. Pass trough here when urine town and you will enjoy it.
For the Bills games it's quite festive. Wings are done right. Rarely in downtown Albany so I probably wouldn't venture here unless I was into one of the aforementioned reasons.
Tess, Alex, Zara(h), Sarah, and Megan were better than ever? We miss you Karen! The best bar in Albany by far! This is where the real people live and eat. Thanks for tearing us like family
This is a nice place for a few drinks and some food. I came here with my fiancée a few weeks ago and we really liked it. We got a few beers (very good) and enjoyed the spinach and artichoke dip. We both got salads (steak and buffalo chicken) and they were filling and really quite good. It's a nice Irish pub overall and I'd come back sometime.
Just had a late lunch at this old school pub. It was everything I hoped and more. Warm friendly "genuine" service and an awesome burger. Hope my next visit is as good as my first.
If I'm ever here in town again I'm coming back.  The bacon BBQ burger was like a velvety lullaby.  It was about as big as my goldendoodle's head and cooked perfectly.   The bun my delicious burger was rested on was supple...so supple.  It was close to fresh croissant supple.  Buttered and grilled... Can't say enough good things about the staff.  I don't know who these two girls are tending bar but they are a couple of gems!
I met a friend here for lunch about a month ago and was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was! The front is very much the pub part, with what appeared to be a few regulars drinking and being kind of loud and noisy considering this was a Saturday afternoon ...   But sit toward the back for a good meal, the tables are gorgeous with glass tiling.  I ordered a crab cake sandwich with wasabie sauce and it was delicious. We had cheese sticks with raspberry sauce as an appetizer and it was great. It was a bit drafty when we went, so bring layers if it's cold out! Cost was about average.
Went over during a break for out daughters dance completion last night for dinner and it was horrible!  Food took forever to come out and the waitress had a bad attitude when I asked her if food would be out soon!!! When the food came out it was not great and our fries were ice cold!  We did not complain because we just wanted to leave at that point!   We are at the palace 3 times a year for our dancing and always stop in for something to eat on breaks, but we will not be going back again!!!
I guess you can't expect much on a Tuesday in Smalbany and McGeary's lived up to that expectation.  They have been around long enough they should have it down- maybe they are worn out.  We started with the hot wings and they were passable but not great.  Moved on to the Jerked chicken salad and sandwich which was literally inedible.  The best I can figure is they had dried out precooked chicken which they dredged in dry salty seasoning mix and served.  It was truly disgusting.  The waitress (who was great) took it back and we had a second go which was marginally better.  Either the kitchen was untrained or just didn't give a snit.  Anyways the beer and company was good and it was a lovely summer night.
Sometimes it is easy to forget how much history there is in a city like Albany. McGeary's is a reminder. I have planned to go to McGeary's since I've been old enough to drink, and for whatever reason I had never made it out there before. When my lunch guest decided she wanted pub fare for today's Yelp lunch week excursion, McGeary's came to mind. Ok, I admit, I initially thought about stretching the definition of pub fare and considered the Capital City Gastropub, but they are not open for lunch and are therefore eliminated from being considered for my lunches. But McGeary's had all the elements, I knew of the place for years. Multiple people have recommended it to me, and they had recently had an influx of some highly praised local talent. DeAnna and I arrived early and I found a spot at a meter really close. I realized why it has taken me so long to make it out here, parking is a pain in the ass. The history makes itself known as soon as you enter. There are pieces of it all about the bar. From the signs to an old photo of the bar from years gone by, the place feels like Albany. The lunch croud was subdued, I expected it to be swamped. Then again, I don't know why I thought there should be so many people in a pub on a Monday, I just did. The patrons were a bit older, and many were obvious regulars. The manager recognized me, even asked me where we might have met. Truth be known, I am uncertain, but I used to spend 3-4 nights out at the bars before I got married so it is entirely possible. Lets face it, you meet me once and you're not likely to forget. I like to think it's my charming personality, but I know better. DeAnna was able to find plenty of gluten free options. There were a lot of different salads on the menu which led her to debate her options for far longer than I think anyone should spend thinking about rabbit food. The staff was aware of gluten issued and took the time to call the chef to make certain the answers they were giving were accurate. It is great to see people take the time to get things right when they know the cost of being wrong will be felt by someone else. DeAnna paired her salad with a cider, they had one on tap and also had Woodchuck bottles. I went with the Madison burger, topped with blue cheese and bacon. The burger was solid, had plenty of flavor. The bacon was done perfectly for it's role, not too crisp that it falls apart and not too underdone that it makes things chewy. The blue cheese was there, but really did not have the impact I was expecting on this burger. Overall, I enjoyed the burger. There was no reason for me to pair my burger with a Guinness, but it's my favorite beer and I didn't have one on Saturday so I felt I needed it. Besides, how can you not have a Guinness in a bar like McGeary's. Our dining guest had a burger patty melt. She enjoyed it quite a bit but really didn't have much to say as to why. She paired her meal with a New Castle, which is probably the best beer pairing of the meal. In all, I enjoyed the feel of McGeary's and regret I have not been there before. In my bar hopping days I probably would have finished plenty of nights in here and loved every minute of it. I have to see how soon I can get back for a night of drinks instead of lunch, that was really all I could think about while eatting anyway.
Solid dive bar. Haven't eaten there.
Let's start with what McGeary's ISN'T.   McGeary's may not be the bar for you if you're out trolling for an eager, scantily clad piece of @$$ to take home with you.  McGeary's also may not be the bar for you if a loud, bumping-and-grinding, pseudo-nightclub scene piques your interest.  There are plenty of those spots available to you elsewhere in downtown Albany, however.  Just keep on walking down S. Pearl Street.  You can't miss them.   On the other hand, if you are interested in rubbing elbows with people who are 25+ and equipped with real, bona fide IDs in a more grown-up yet casual atmosphere with above average bar food, you should come to McGeary's.  They have a nice assortment of very tasty appetizers (try the Sweet Potato Tots!), in addition to a full menu of salads, burgers, sandwiches, etc.  They have a good selection of beer on tap, not to mention their daily happy hour (3:00-7:30pm) which offers $2 and $3 drafts and $3 single liquor well drinks.  Staff is always super-attentive and very friendly.  Service with a smile, and you never get snubbed.  Plus they have live music outside during the warmer months.  McGeary's also happens to be the perfect spot to stop before a show at the Palace Theatre, which is just across the street. Also, in case you didn't know, Tess Collins -- the former owner of the infamous Lark Tavern (which tragically succumbed to fire in May 2010) -- is now the manager here at McGeary's.   So, come check out McGeary's.  Enjoy the food, drinks and good company.  Maybe I'll see you there.  But please leave your trolling friends at home.
I have to thank Victor L. for his review of McGeary's because it pretty much saved my spur of the moment trip to Albany. My boyfriend and I decided to go to Albany for a mini trip, to get out of Manhattan and see some fall trees. Through a series of events, we found ourselves at the River Rat's hockey game, excited to go out for a night on the town to follow. We hit Pearl Street and were immediately overwhelmed by the frat-houseness and became concerned, we might not be able to go out and have a good time without getting horribly annoyed and just leaving. Every bar was trying to be a club. Just because you put up a velvet rope and meat heads in security shirts doesn't mean I won't notice the strobe light and lack of any living soul inside your bar. Thank goodness for my iPhone, because I was able to find McGeary's. It's a tiny bit pass the strip of toolish ugly bumping like an oasis in a desert of mediocre lameness. We got there around 9.30 or 10 and it was pretty empty, that was perfectly fine with me because it wasn't blasting music trying to get ugly people to take each other home. It's a straight up bar, with a lot of good beer on tap and a decent menu. Later in the night it started to fill up and we ended up meeting and hanging out with a really cool group of people who worked next door. We drank, we sang, we shouted, we laughed and ended up spending the entire night there. Besides the fact that we tried to walk back to our hotel at 4ish and ended up on some deserted street being harassed by some guy threatening to kill my boyfriend, McGeary's Pub was the saving grace of our mini vacation. Thanks McG's! and the folks next door at the Brown Durby
One of my favorite bars - local or otherwise. Great food, incredible staff, and always something new to try. Cut my teeth, here; and a must-go destination when I moved away.
It's a great bar, but only OK food. Most notable for the entirely passable beef on weck. Not amazing, but all the proper ingredients are there, and one of the only places around where you can get one.
I went to McGeary's while on business in Albany this week. I gotta say: I loved it.  I went in the first time to just get a drink before a show at the Palace Theatre, which is just next door. It was around 6:30 and my Sam Adams Oktoberfest (yay!) was $3. Excellent price! So of course I had two... Went to my show and decided I needed dinner afterwards to I decided to try out the food. Very reasonably priced and deeeelish. I had the Ceaser Salad and the Mozzarella Sticks. I think both were $7.95 each.   Atmosphere: traditional irish pub. However, there are something like 6 or 8 flatscreen tvs on the wall. Somehow this doesn't detract. Also the music was kept at a reasonable level so you could hear yourself think. I loved all the pictures and things on the wall, it just really reminds me of a perfect traditional irish pub. Actually going to get lunch there now.  :-)
McGeary's has the feel of a real neighborhood spot--it seems like everyone there is a regular and I felt like it was the kind of spot I would frequent if I lived in Albany.  As it was, I was there with my family for a concert so unfortunately I can't go back to McGeary's all the time.   If you order two things, they must be: 1) The sliders appetizer.  Seriously, these little burgers are perfectly cooked, and are substantial patties, no White Castle-style grease bites here!   2) The brownie sundae.  So warm, so chocolatey and gooey and delicious.   I enjoyed my chicken sandwich also, and the jerk chicken sandwich looked amazing, complete with sweet potato tots!   On top of the tasty eatz, there is a hefty beer list that has some great choices to pair with your food.
Whenever I rehearse and/or perform in the Palace Theater few doors down, I ALWAYS come here.  There is a bar section in the front, and a restaurant section in the back. The Good:  Vast tap beer selection and delicious sliders appetizer.  Very friendly wait staff.  Small discount for Albany Symphony musicians who dine here. The Not-so-good:  The service can be slow during lunch hour, and many tables are wobbly (the waitresses are happy to stabilize the tables for you with cardboards if you ask) I'm a fan!
There black bean burger is sooooo good! The spiked cider is great. Good service, I will be back.
Good food. Prices are comparable to the overpriced downtown Albany. Good beer selection. Service was great!
Just went to McGeary's the a few nights ago for dinner as we happened to be near downtown Albany and wanted to have a nice dinner but didn't want to go to a chain restaurant and happened stop at McGeary's. We were all pleasantly surprised.  Our dinners including appetizer were excellent pub food made fresh and very tasty.  Service was quick and efficient and our waitress went out of her way to make us feel welcome. When she found out it was a birthday she brought us a terrific liqueur served in chocolate cups - a very nice touch.  Unfortunately we don't live close to Albany but we will definitely come back to McGearys for dinner.
First time visit ... found a fun atmosphere on a summer weekend night.   It's tucked around the corner from N.Pearl clubbin' block ...and different feel altogether: patrons pouring into Clinton square easily conversing around patio tables ... gathered around the long,tv-lined, sufficiently-staffed bar... sitting in a quiet dining area at the back of the room ... friendly attentive staff all around (including an adopted? wandering matron of the house) They offer a long list of draught possibilities and not solely run o' the mill stuff ... as well as a sizable menu of locally inspired dishes (or simply named after local spaces). Truthfully ... neither of us found our meals impressive, or even good enough to finish, or even worth boxing up for home ... but  nevertheless I'll be back to try again.  It's one of rare places I'd be happy to bring out-of-town guests  ... it's unique enough to feel like a neighborhood spot but attentive enough to not make you feel like your crashing the party. It's not Lark Tavern. Don't think it should try to be ... migration of staff notwithstanding. But it' shares a kindred spirit with LT - which is nice.
Cheap drink specials, close to home, good wings, nice waitstaff and decent feel. I am a fan! Love the outdoor seating especially in the summer. Honestly though, I've never been here on a weekend night, so can't say anything about that. It's more of a lunch bar for me.
Came here with friends for bar food and cold beer and was not dissappointed! I highly reccomend the eggplant fries.  The sweet potato tots were just okay, but the fried mac and cheese and the nachos were delicious.  Definitely a hipster crowd vibe was going on, since it was an open mic night and the music was awesome.  Irish food, irish beers, Love this place.  Went on a Wednesday night and it was crowded.
Ah Albany- my old college stomping grounds.... Well honestly this is no longer my scene but I get why locals dig it. @ the risk of sounding cliche this joint may be an Albany institution but it's most definately got "alternative" written all over it- and it stands proud with that label tattooed on its bar front forehead. But quite honestly my fellow Yelpers have written an accurate description of what McGeary's is about already so for what it's worth here's my 2 cents.... The interior theme is Irish pub meets the Clash meets Eclectic local memorabilia (like the coveted Hurley's sign), photos of local heros & signs in Gaelic. & the staff is a colorful group as are the patrons....solid people watching material. Good service- not great. Better than average pub food & then some w modern tweaks & enhancements to old standards like the Truffle burger w truffle cheese & truffle salt dusted fries. Vehemently don't like the standard hot wings: 1. Sooooo not Hurley's wings 2. Wing size is like chicken on steroids 3. Not crunchy 4. Wet tomato-y sauce that wasn't even slightly hot. Very good variety of beer on tap like Sam Adams cherry wheat, SARANAC BLACK FOREST,  Utica Club plus all the standards. Too, they make a strong drink & the bar tenders keep'um coming.
Mcgeary's is great. Great Beers on tap, and amazing food, I recommend the Irish Nachos, and the Chicken Wings. It's also great on Sundays for Football, it is the Albany Bills Backers Bar, tons of Buffalo Bills fans!
Nice bar - went for trivia night with some friends. I got a Thai Chicken sandwich and it was really good, I highly recommend it if you like the ingredients in it!
Extremely disappointing. Old time favorite downtown Albany bar but just not the same. Tasteless pastrami sandwich ordered off specials menu with maybe the worst French fries ever. Sad that the food has gone so far downhill. Still a great atmosphere with good beer selection.
"Tess's Irish Pub" by Josh K. McGeary's is old school.  It has been around as an Albany nightlife institution for a long time. With a convenient location right off I-787 on Pearl Street, and housed in an old Victorian era building, McGeary's used to be the only Irish Pub in Albany.  It is also one of the only bars on Pearl that has still kept its original name and appearance. As such, Albany old timers have always talked to me about how this was the place to go before/after concerts and/or sporting events at the Knickerbocker Arena or Palace Theater. Throughout the years, McGeary's has changed owners multiple times, and now with Tess from Lark Tavern as the manager, McGeary's has becomes less of an Irish pub and more of a dive bar with a very eclectic clientele. In fact, the only thing that is still recognizable from McGeary's past is the vintage urinal trough in the men's bathroom (perhaps the last trough in Albany?). For the last fifteen years or so, McGeary's has become most notable for its St. Patrick's Day festivities sporting a huge beer tent out front, long lines to get in, and live music.  Needless to say, I avoid such times. I can be more often found at McGeary's on NFL Sundays. Much to the chagrin of a hack Times Union journalist and "Baby Blogger", McGeary's is the official home of the "Albany Bills Backers".  Once a more docile Irish Pub where Albany politicos met for backroom politics, McGeary's is now on Sundays, a rowdy Buffalo Bill fanatic sports bar. During such times, McGeary's offers great beer and wing specials.  The wings are inconsistent (ranging from good to downright terrible), but they go down easy albeit heavily with cheap pitchers of Saranac Black Forest. On other times, McGeary's is a decent re imaging of the vibe found at Tess's Lark Tavern, complete with the golden cans of cheap Utica Club. But there are also decent beers on tap and decent pub food; their "Black and Blue" burger a particular standout. McGeary's also does a somewhat decent re-creation of Rochester's famous Garbage Plates, but using gravy instead of the almighty Nick Tahoe's special sauce. With its changing vibes and atmospheres, McGeary's may be a hard place to label and difficult to pinpoint, but it has always provided a good time for everyone over 21.
McGeary's has been a staple of downtown since the early 80s. It basically is the last swing on the North Pearl circuit, and certainly less pretentious and a bit more grown up. Across from the Palace Theatre and at the border of a section of Arbor Hill, it literally seems nestled (there's a fancier looking restaurant around the corner that I'm intriguied about as well). Anywho, with the exception of the flatscreen TVs, this place has a real sheen of an Irish-American pub. Everything is wood, mirrors abound, a place where you can really kick up your feet and sling back a few cheap rounds of Coors Light/Killian's or if you want to be nice get a Smithwick's. It's kind of a no-nonsense place, and I'm always down for finding places to go around when I'm back in town. This is a great last stop (or first stop rather) when going about, it's more low key and more of a drinking bar with some chatter than the raucous suburban-clubby atmosphere of the rest of Pearl. Not to say that Jillian's is hilarious fun once I dunno every 3 years, but at McGeary's you know what you're getting (a menu that's all under 10 bucks is a great start) and what you're getting is beer guzzling. And lots of loud laughter. It's like Ryan's Wake in Troy but a bit older, a bit more Albany and more settled in.
They have great drink specials, delicious food and a really fun and friendly staff. After the Lark Tavern debacle I'm glad Tess made herself at home at McG's. It's the closest to what Lark Tavern used to be and why I love it so. They have a good tap selection ranging from good to meh (one of the only places with Utica Club on tap, which my dad loves because it brings him back to his younger days... haha). Try the sweet potato tots, burgers or neighborhood favorites... yum!
Good beer selection. The sliders were delicious!
they have sam adams cherry wheat .beer on tap and this amazing appetizer called "Celtic nachos" its super thin sliced potatoes, fried ...then smothered with chedder cheese, tomatoes, onions, hot peppers... soooo good !! really good location, friendly staff .. it has a "cheers" type feeling .. i dig it  :)
We were going to Sienna game,  and wanted to eat downtown. Even though we showed up 25 minutes before they opened, they let us come in and sit down (and out of the cold).  We were happy to wait till they were officially open, however the waitress went ahead and gave us drinks and menus and took our order.  We had the Irish Nachos (think that was the name) and seriously some of the best bar food I have ever had.  All the food we got was great and the serivce was awesome.
