New steakhouse in the village at Scarsdale, just across from the trains station.  It has a Korean flair to the menu and a beautifully appointed interior, this along with a full bar makes for an awesome new addition to Scarsdale.
this place is great. i have seen this place underconstruction for a while. so when i was driving by stopped to get dinner it was really nice. you get greeted right at the door. the waitress was nice and was willing to explain anything that was on the menu. we got the vegetable dumplings and they were delicious. defintly home made being you see all the scallion and other ingridents inside the beef dumplings. then i got bibimbap with calamari and kimchi. it was just really nice and the food was fresh and delish. Just go and try it.
My husband and I had a very enjoyable meal at NaMu this week. This was our second time dining here since the restaurant opened. The food was excellent on both occassions. This week we enjoyed their homemade beef dumplings, udon noodles with shrimp and bibimbap with kalbi beef (thinly sliced marinated beef, the server's suggestion-excellent). The waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable about the menu, which is particularly helpful if diners are not familiar with Korean food. The space is nice and inviting. NaMu is a great dining addition to Scarsdale Village. Bonus - they deliver too!
Great restaurant! Make sure to try sake there! Otokoyama? It was awesome! Food was great too.
Went for the first time tonight and could not have been more pleased.  Everything, from the litchi martini, to the beef dumplings and chicken and shrimp bibimbap were delicious.  Hope Namu is here to stay in Scarsdale for a long time... We've had a dearth of good restaurants in town until now!
The food is ok for Korean food, was good, but I've eaten better, and it is a bit pricey for the entrees. $31 for Kalbi and you don't get a lot of meat. You also don't get all the little plates of appetizer food (kimchee, etc) that you usually get at Korean places. I think there were only 2 plates, kimchee and something else, I don't remember. But not the 5-7 plates they give you at Some Korean restaurants. The other stuff is more reasonably priced (tacos, noodles, soups). The place looks nice, but don't sit in the booths. The benches look deceptively comfortable but they are quite small. When we ate there, we saw three parties move from the booths into a regular table. I think only kids would find it comfortable to sit there.
Great food, great atmosphere and really great service. Hard to find Korean food around and this came as a pleasant surprise. I will be back for more.........
Surprised by tasty Korean in Scarsdale. This new restaurant has great service, although they aren't all versed in Korean food just yet (questions as to flavours and favourite dishes were lost on our server). Pork Bulgogi and Traditional Kalbi were agreed to be the tastiest dishes, but the theater of the bibimbap was appareciated by the table and I heard no complaints there either. Next time, we try the tacos!
Went there for lunch on a Sunday morning. Place is still pretty new and working through kinks of a new restaurant opening. Staff was super friendly and attentive which made for a nice experience.  I would like to revisit when they are more settled as I think the place has great potential. We ordered dumplings as an appetizer and they were delicious.  Entrees were a few items including bibimbap, but there was very little seafood and the calamari was tough.   A nice place that will work well in Scarsdale once the place settles down. Dishes also need more consistency - meaning the volume of starters, accompanying dishes and the volume of protein in the dishes.   Will try it again
I live in SF , the capital of people excessively preoccupied with food, and have had Korean food in several touted SF locations.   This place is THE BEST.   Check it out; if you don't love it you don't like Korean food.
Expensive for what it is. Our app came out stone cold but assembled which would leave one to believe they forgot to microwave it before bringing it out, I'd expect more considering the cost. Also, seems that the owners Mom is constlantly doing laps and staring at everyone, really makes me feel like I'm eating under strict survelliance. I'll give it one more try but am not rushing back.
LOVED IT! My first time eating Korean food was certainly not disappointing. The food was delicious, hot, and fresh. Received a wide array of free, unexpected starters, including kimchi, sprouts, and a salad with ginger dressing. The miso soup was perfect. The main courses were also hot and steaming, bibimbap with veggies for her and bibimbap with chicken for him. I loved the sweet and spicy sauce that accompanied the dishes. The atmosphere of the restaurant is absolutely lovely. It's got an earthy, zen garden sort of feel. Even the presentation of our food was  nice to look at! Finally, the staff was very warm and welcoming. The manager came over to us to ask how our food was. She was very sweet and friendly. Our server and the bus people were also professional and pleasant. No complaints here... will definitely be back!
Ate at NaMu tonight for the first time and had an overall pleasant dinner. The staff seemed very attentive and the service overall was great. I love Korean food but felt the food here was a bit safe. It was good but not something I would probably crave and want to go back for (whereas some Korean restaurants just have signature dishes you crave every now and then). If you are craving Korean in westchester, there aren't too many options so you might be very glad NaMu opened. The banchan is lukewarm--some pickles (the flavor at least was good), kimchee, and salad. Where's the fish? Red bean? Calamari? Or even the weirdly adopted ambrosia salad? I guess they're trying to be more minimalist but it left me wanting more. Still, a solid restaurant for Westchester county. We had the fried chicken, dumplings, udon, salmon, kalbi, and bulgogi bibimbap.
I've been here twice for lunch with my parents.  Namu introduces Korean food with some updated presentation.  We ordered a combination of Korean inspired tacos (Latin influenced), hot stone pot (traditional Korean) and beef bento box (Japanese influenced).  All these offerings hit the mark and price-wise was spot on.  The front of the house was pleasant and professional and the decor was nice.  The banchan (small plates often offered gratis in Korean restaurants) were nice but some were salty.  That being said, when we remarked on this, they corrected the dishes.  Next step is to check them out for dinner!
Abosolutley loved this place! It's not that easy to find a good Korean restaurant in Westchester so I'm definitely very glad this opened. I love Korean food and have to say the food here was delicious, came out quickly and was savory. The staff was super attentive and friendly, which made the experience even better. Kalbi is my favorite dish and I have to say NaMu nailed it! Will most definitely be going back!
Entire dinner experience was a pleasure! Food was great, atmosphere was perfect, and staff was incredibly helpful.  Being with a larger group, I was lucky to get to order a lot of dishes for the table to share, so I got to experience a lot of the menu.  We had Dumplings, Korean Pancakes, Fried rice, Bulgogi, Skirt Steak, Bibimbap, and Korean Tacos, and each dish was better than the last. I can't wait to get back to Namu!
This place is fantastic. Everything is fresh and well prepared and well presented. It's got a very NYC feel to it. This is a must try for anyone who hasn't.
OK I don't write many reviews but this place is a gem... what else do we have up here except the typical American, Italian,Chinese,  Pub .....etc.  This place has an excellent cool vibe for hanging not trendy at all.  The food is so diverse and wonderfully executed; it is a welcome breath of change for the area.  I only have to say is please visit to keep this place around you will NOT be disappointed.
Loved Namu! The dumplings were so fresh, perfectly browned, a must try. Our Bibimbop was delicious (we tried both varieties of steak), but meat portions could have been more generous. Service was exceptional; our waitress made honest suggestions and brought me a delicious sample of their citron tea, which I'll probably try again. Will definitely return.
This restaurant has the best sake ever!!!!!! I went there with my gf. The atmosphere is pretty good and food is good too! Sake, greaaaaatest haha. I remember the name. It was called otokoyama Junmai Daiginjo. It was unbelievable. Very mellow and dry finish. Elegantly aroma but you still taste some sweetness as well. I'm a big fan of Sake and tried so many sake in my life even when I visited Japan too but this sake is absolutely the best by far. I definitely recommend it!
