just go for the sicilians...AMAZING ...point made
Best Pizza Ever...I stop by every night after work since they close at 12am and I always get the same, corner sicilian. Love it
to this day, Sal's is still the best pizza i have ever had.   the hype is well deserved ... especially for the Sicilian.   skip everything else on the menu and just get the pizza.
Awesome sliced pizza, fantastic Sicilian. Can't go wrong with this place. We're not talking gourmet brick oven or anything, but to those that love a good reliable slice, you cannot go wrong with Sal's.
Best. Sicilian. Pizza!  If you eat there expect dirty tables and crying babies but you won't care much,.since you'll be in a pizza coma!  Mangia bene!
Overrated, pizza is just OK
Having grown up in New York it's sad that I didn't get to Sal's before I graduated from High School and went there with a date. Since then I've been happy to "Slide" with the rest of their fans. Once on a visit to New York, a heat wave had resulted in power failures in Westchester, so no Sal's. Tragic. I've brought my kids to Sal's and they love it too. My rotten sister has been known to call me, in Texas, and say, "Guess what I'm eating right now?"
Consistently delicious.
Fast service & great NY style pizza. Lots of cheese & great crispy thin crust. So good one slice is just not enough!
First of all Sal's pizzeria is very dirty and the pizza is awful. The  tall skinny,bald guy behind the counter is completely Rude!  I will never go back there again.
one time i ordered a salad slice and it tasted like throw up i almost threw up never going back!
oh my god salad pizza!!!!!
LOVE Sal's!  The pizza here is so good!   We actually first heard about Sal's on the local news... They had landed on a list of the top 50 pizza places in the country. Since it was nearby, we decided to check it out, and we're so glad we did!   When you get to Sal's you wait on a line that is sometimes out the door, but it moves quickly, so don't be discouraged. You order your pizza - my husband and I always get one salad slice, one regular, and one Sicilian, and have them cut all three in half so we can share. Then you pay - cash only. The pizza is ready and you carry it back to the tables. Even though it's always busy, we've never had an issue getting a table. After dinner, you walk next door to the connected gelateria and get yourself some tasty gelato. Then you go home satisfied, because you are stuffed with delicious pizza and gelato!
Had my first Sal's experience tonight and it really was worth all the hype I've heard in the 8 years I've lived in Westchester! We picked up a house salad, a meatball parm wedge and a plain cheese pizza. When I opened the salad container, it looked like some iceberg lettuce and sliced tomato - that was IT. But even though that was it, the dreassing - just an oil & vinegar, but with a garlic kick - made it much more exciting then it looked. The meatball parm wedge was goods - meatballs had a solid consistency with a nice flavor and the bread was fresh. Not necessarily something I'd go out of my way for. The slice - that's where I really understood the Sal's reputation. For all the years I've lived in Westchester, I've never found a plain slice that I LOVE. Even LaMandas, our go-to pizza place, is not an "average" NY slice. The dough makes it specialty. But for a perfect NY plains slice, there's no beating what we had at Sal's. Definitely worth the trip over to Mamaroneck to pick one up when the pizza craving hits!
Sal's is great! Four stars in my book only because I can't speak for anything but their Sicilians or Salad Slice! The Sicilians are just perfect texture! They aren't to fluffy and they aren't to small. They are just right, depending on how I am feeling I throw some pepper flakes on my pizza. I have found it practically impossible to find a place with a better Sicilian! Now onto the best part, the Salad Slice. It is for sure one the simple side in terms of salad, lettuce and tomato, but boy the dressing they put on the pizza is to die for. On a nice hot day, one of these slices is exactly what the doctor ordered. The lettuce is nice and crunchy and the tomatoes are cut to perfect bite size pieces. I highly recommend going to Sal's for a slice of pizza, it is one you won't regret!
I come here every year on Christmas Eve and they never fail to serve is amazing pizza.  The salad, plain, and Sicilian slices are to die for.  Love the staff and this place will always be my favorite
Cool. locally owned joint with no frills service and pretty decent pizza but if you are craving something more they also offer full dinners.  Walk next door and they have awesome gelato.  If you REALLY like it you can buy some to take home for the freezer.  Whenever I am in Mamaroneck I stop in for a slice or two and of course some gelato.  YUM!
I heard good things about Sal's but never got a chance to pop in until yesterday. After a few bites, I realized that this is now one of my favorite pizzerias in the NY area. All pizza ingredients are the same essentially, but the difference here is that these guys execute it perfectly. Each slice has a crispy, rigid crust which stands up to the gobs of hot cheese, flavorful toppings, and beautiful sauce which was perfect in its simplicity. I can't wait to go back and get another slice and a whiff of that toasty crust and garlic smell that wafts through the air. Freaking amazing.
I lived in the area for most of my life and Sal's always had fair pizza as compared to the rest of Mamaroneck.  There toppings are boring, salads mediocre and other dishes actually might be of the same taste as your local frozen dinner.  Yet, the worst is when my wife and I walked in to get a slice to go and a nasty older "pizza man" rudely told us to "get in line!!" as if we were being led to the gallows   So if Sal's thinks they are the only joint on the block they better think twice. I can think of two other pizza places that make Sal's pizza taste like it came out of an Easy Bake Oven.
The Sicilian pizza is the best you'll find anywhere; heavenly.   The other pizza is very good,  but not extraordinary like the Sicilian.  I like Pepe's better for thin crust.  The wedges and dishes are good to very good and the value is 5 stars. I've been eating here for almost 50 years,  since I was age 4. You can't find many places in business for this long, let alone ones with frequent lines out the door during peak hours.
This pizza place was hopping! There was a line out the door because I guess everyone in Westchester knows that Sals is great. I came for the salad pizza because  it's one of my friends great loves and apparently no pizza store in NYC provides salad pizza! Everything was delicious at a reasonable price. If you're in the mood for a pizza, definitely check out Sals! And try the salad pizza!
Ahhh....Sal's. You bring back my most beloved memories, cheerleading, football players, sicilian & Matt Dillon...(or any of the Dillon boys) and OLD SCHOOL ATTITUDE. This is a no frills, cash only, old school pizza place. Don't expect much from employees, just get a slice & get off the line, this is a pizza joint. Mamaroneck has changed a lot but Sal's has been around for 50 years & is the center of town. I cannot remember a week without having that crisp DELICIOUS pizza. There is nothing like it & I have tried to find it! I moved but manage to take road trips to Sal's & have introduced a new generation of Jersey boys to this place, including my hubby. This is the best sicilian I have ever tasted, hands down. And the Salad pizza (yes, salad) is their runner up. Rent a car, get your car, jump on the metro...take a road trip! It is so worth it. You can even run it off down Harbor Island, a giant park adjacent to the beach....just don't jump in that water, that is an entire other review on to itself :)
I'm a Jersey guy who was turned onto this place some 13 years ago. First off their food is terrific. I have had their eggplant sandwiches their chicken parmigiano which is excellent. Their pizza from regular slices to a Salad Pizza are as good as it gets. But for me their Sicilian is tops. Simply put a place to eat pizza and entrees this place is perfect. I am a pizza snob and most places have doughy Sicilian.  But NOT Sal's come and try and you will not be disappointed.
This is the best pizza!   No matter what you order you are going to get a wonderful slice.  The last time we were here we way over ordered, because we wanted the leftovers for breakfast the next morning. We had: A regular pie half pepperoni, a Sicilian pie half pepperoni, and an order of garlic knots with a side of sauce. The pizza comes out hot and fresh with a perfect amount of sauce, cheese, and pepperoni. Had the leftovers with eggs on top for breakfast!
1 1/2* but I'll round down This was some of the worst pizza I've had in a while. Reasons: 1.  Pizza was too doughy/chewy.  My jaw was sore, no joke. 2.  Where's the sauce?  Way too little sauce on our pie.  The sauce that was actually on there was extremely bland. 3.  Oil factor.  A layer of oil on top of your pizza is never appetizing.  Napkin blotting was in full effect.  And yes this is a big deal to me because I don't have to do this with other great NY slices that I've had.   A little oil is OK, a layer of it is not OK in my book. 4.  The guy who brought us our pizza needed an attitude check...poor customer service. Why did I waste my daily calorie intake here?!
I went to school in westchester county and was lucky enough to be introduced to Sal's early on .. four years of being local to this place was a good thing ..  It is some of the best pizza in the area and everyone I have shared it with has agreed.  Gooey cheese, doughey crust, yummy sauce .. it all comes together at Sal's.. My favorites here are the salad pizza (no cheese on top, just salad!!) and the sicilian pies .. any time I am passing through i get a pie to go (just not the salad ones to go, they dont travel so well..) easy to get to from i95 .. worth the stop!! sometimes the lines can be long (out the door!)
Yelp sent me here, but I was underwhelmed.  Delorenzo's in Trenton is 10^(10) times as good.  Yes, this is typical NY pizza.  And, yes, it's quite good.  But it didn't stick out as something that exceeds local standards.  For the record, I tried both the "regular" and the "Sicilian."  I think that the regular was a tad better, but it's just on par with what you'll find on generic street corners in Brooklyn. This does seem to be the best pizza on the block.  There are several other competitors on Mamaroneck Ave.  All were empty, while Sal's had a line going out the door.
I come here a lot after work for some good pizza. Can't really say much besides that it's fantastic.
Every chance I get, when I am near Mamaroneck, I try to make it to sals, I only get the sicilian slice, I dont know how good or bad their regular slice is, but the sicilian corner is the way to go... definitely always one of best slices i can eat
What the heck happened to their pizza? 7 years ago this was one of the best slices I've ever had.  Sicilian or regular.  After all these years, got back there and it was one terrible slice. Cheapened the ingredients - and their crust wasn't the same.  Was amazed at how much it changed.
Love their Sicilian slice and fried chicken salad as well as the Gorgonzola salad--yummm. Remember you have to pay in cash here and it is better to call in to order for pick up so you don't have to wait in line.
Best Sicilian in Westchester.  Try it.  Now!
I love Sals Pizza--it's my favorite pizzeria and I go out of my way to get it when I need a slice. Exceptionally good Sicilian, also love their salad pizza and their chicken parmagiana. The interior has barely changed since I was a regular in high school--but it doesn't matter because it's just about the food! And the pizza guys--they're the friendliest :)
The Sicilian pizza is great and you can get it by the slice. On top of the good food, the staff is very friendly. Will definitely go back.
Sicilian is the best. Food is consistent. Service can use a few more smiles, but still worth the visit
We first tried Sal's for takeout, and found the pizza kind of average. That was surprising given the hype, so we decided to come in and eat fresh slices. It made all the difference -- Sal's Sicilian slice might just be the best Sicilian slice I've ever had. Now we stop by on the regular for our Sicilian pizza fix. The rest of the menu (we've had garlic knots, spaghetti & meatballs, salad) is perfectly fine if not award-winning. Friendly service that keeps the line moving.
I  always order there and the pie is fabolus, but today my pie was burn i will order again but i hop this doesn't happen again
Don't believe the hype.  It's just a pizza place.
Happy 50th to the best Pizza any where. Best family owned & many original staff all these years.
Love the salad pizza, I drive up to from the City to eat it.  Hasn't changed since I was a kid. Everything at Sal's is yummy!
Always delicious. Always served hot. Love Sal's for a slice while driving between Philly and Boston!
SALS! Haha I haven't even thought about this place since I left NY but now that I have, I'm craving it. Used to order it all the time from Manhattanville...great for late night pizza binges!
Man, people have to stop bitching about Westchester not having any great pizza. Just to set the scene, this is your average looking pizza shop from the outside. Except that the stream of people in and out is much more active than usual. Also, people are fighting tooth and nail for parking outside. The inside is one long slice counter with a line in the front and the prep area and ovens further back, followed by a packed dining in the back room, which connected to another mostly full dining room and storefront. Its lunchtime, and there are a lot of workers on their lunch break, as well as groups of kids with their mothers. Everyone behind the counter was Italian, and the rest of the room is a mix of the local community. The setup is typical 1970's formica-style, but suffice to say something is going on here. There is some added, intangible electricity to this place. This place can't be average. The salad slice is essentially a cheeseless slice with basic lettuce and tomato salad mixed with a balsamic vinaigrette thrown on top. It works quite well. The crust is nice and crisp which holds the toppings up well, but is still very light. The salad dressing is what brings together, which is great, along with their very flavorful tomato sauce. This is a noteworthy slice in its own right, but its blown out by the sicilian. Everything about this is stellar. The cheese is not of your run of the mill variety: its milky and gooey, and is applied with a lighter hand than most sicilians. The sauce, as I said before, is top notch: rich and acidic. I actually would've like to see them use more. The crust is light and fluffy, fried a bit on the bottom and sides due to the oiled pan, well charred and tastes great. It was so good, I got up and tried to leave, but couldn't. Instead I stood on line and grabbed another for the road. This time it was fresh from the oven, and even better than the first.  The whole thing melted together beautifully; it wasn't gourmet designer-pizza, but it was simple,  messy and delicious.   I'll spare you a big, dramatic  conclusion. This is the best sicilian I've had. Its the center of Mamaroneck, and one of the most unspoilt old school slice joints I've found.  Go.
Best in NY? Hells no. .No way. Come on. have you ever left Mamaroneck?  ever been to queens? brooklyn? Pelham, Mt Vernon? the god damned bronx? Idiots.. Dont get me wrong. its damn good pizza. but I've had better. I go to sals 6 times a year maybe. When im in that sad ass town of Mamaroneck. Its always good. But there are much better. How about New Park in Howard beach. Oh you wont go there will you.. Johnnys in mt vernon? Wont go there either will ya? Louie and ernies in the bronx? Come on. thats in a nice neighborhood. they wont rob your mercedes. Believe me. i have nothing against sals. Its good. But come on.. Best in NY? NO. they wont even tell you that. And nick.. youre from Boston. So please dont try and rate pizza places.
Best pizza in New York. Best pizza anywhere. All other pizzas wish they were made at Sal's. If only I could get the nice folks who work there to ship a large sicilian pie to Boston. And if that small dream of mine never comes true, it's well worth the three-hour drive.
This is the beauty of Yelp.  I started searching for a pizza restaurant to have dinner at in NY and found these rather stellar reviews of Sal's.  Seeing that it was on the way back to Boston from our day out in NYC, we decided to stop for a pie based upon the multiple five-star reviews. We were not disappointed. Sal's is the type of pizza place I only wish I could get here in Boston.  The staff are extremely friendly, and they kindly encouraged my wife & I to seek out a bigger booth (rather than the small 2-person table we were at) because we had ordered a Sicilian pie for the evening.  That's the best part of driving to NYC - you can take leftovers home with you! And the pizza?  Fantastic!  The sauce has great flavor and created that perfect balance between the crust and the cheese that is the hallmark of a great pizza.  The Sicilian pie we ordered was enormous - it fed us for 3 meals and the leftovers we took home weighed more than most entire pies do at other restaurants. It was a Saturday night at Sal's, and it felt like the entire neighborhood was having dinner there - young families, couples new & old, teenagers having a slice while out on the weekend - it was a great melting pot of people all gathering to enjoy the excellent pizza. Like many other reviewers, I think this will now be a mandatory stop off 95 on the way back from NYC or DC.  It's in a great location (just past the NY Thruway tolls - easy to find via the Yelp! map) and worth a stop to savor a great pizza. Next time, I'm getting the garlic!
Given then my mother grew up in Mamaroneck, it is a requirement to stop here almost every time we drive through (which tends to be every few months). The pizza is freaking amazing. Just enough sauce and cheese, thin but sturdy crust. It is also a quick, easy and cheap stop if you're just rolling through town, like I do. Apparently the salad pizza is also incredible but I have yet to try this.
How did I not review Sal's?  This is the best pizza in Westchester County and possibly in New York.  Period.  Sicilian slice anybody?  Plain.  Pepperoni.  That's all I gotta say.
The case against Sal's Pizzeria Sal's Pizzeria is like Courtney Love. It makes no effort to dress itself up. The venerated sicilian was ok yet the drab, almost flavorless, practically garlic free marinara turned me off more than Courtney's Love exposed hole. And not to be picky, but my cherry coke tasted flat and had no fizzle like the Cherry Pie girl after Kurt Cobain killed off Hair Metal's non stop, majestic rise. The little kid working there with acne helped me bring my order to my booth while I held my kid which was a nice, old school, respectful Italian touch. Thought the slice was vastly superior to the sicilian which was loaded with way more, quality, juicy, flavorful, creamy cheese bites. It offered more variety and was more worthy of the hype like Pearl Jam back in the day versus Nirvana.
Raised in larchmont...sals was always the go to place. I went there during a recent visit ...was taking a few pictures to send the family. I took one picture inside when standing in line...we'll the short fat bald guy went nuts and wanted to crawl over the counter and grab my phone.  Wtf.  I have been going here for 40 years. I was pretty shaken up .  My sister who also lives out state brings her kids here when she visits..told her what happened..she commented on how rude they were to her and her kids. The god that did not want his picture taken..is he a felon, the mob, hiding pizza boxes of cash from the IRS ?  Short conclusion the folks at sals are a bunch of rude low rent folks . The place is dirty and they treat you like shit. The pizza is ok but not all it's cracked up to be. So I went back to my other two stand yes in larchmont....nickies and villa Maria. We'll nickies still remembered me and the pizza was great. Went to villa Maria's 2x in one day . Villa Maria's ...clean, top notch pizza and other food and the staff behind the counter was clean professional polite and actually thanked me for my business. Go to villa Maria and you will never go back to sals. Sals has outlived its reputation they are rude and act like thugs..you really don't want to bring your family here. Sals has just lost our family clan of about 15 people after all these years. After the recent incident my 84 year old mom who still lives in mamaromeck said "screw sals"....and now she is a fan of villa Maria's. So don't wast your time money or risk te safety of your family......go to villa Maria or nickies. By the way joes pizza up the street from sals has gotten some great reviews but I have not gone there. Rip sals.... Very rude threatening staff...convinced you would be beat up if there were not other customers in the store. The short fat bald guy is a nut case...stay away
Stopped by on my way back to the city from a holiday weekend in CT. I haven't been to Sal's in 20 years. The place is exactly the same, from the surly wait staff to the no-frills decor to the classic Sicilian slice. In fact, when I told the (same as 20 years ago) guy I hadn't been there in so long, he replied "you better not wait another 20, I certainly won't be here" and scowled at me. Now that's service. What can I say, this is classic small town pizza with no extras, no nice guy, and every bite was delicious. Would I travel from great distances to get here? No. But it's definitely worth the 5 minute drive from I-95 if you're passing through.
Seeing all the good reviews on Yelp, I went and realized that I had been to this place before, without knowing its name. For the cheese pie with various toppings, I thought they uniformly needed more of that excellent sauce, often seemed a bit thin, to balance the congealed cheese/greasy texture. The sicilian was better, with tasty doughs to help with the rather scant toppings. I liked the salad pizza, which contrary to initial bland appearance, actually tasted refreshing with a touch of vinegar. To call it the best pizza would be unjust to the numerous excellent pizzerias around New York. The pizza was good, but I found nothing truly special. The sauce was good, and the crust was right, yet I truly think it's only slightly better than generic, and not the "ultimate" that many made it out to be. I live in Mamaroneck, and I love that they are conveniently in town. They are also very reasonably priced and a VERY popular neighborhood joint. However, for real pizza nirvana, you owe yourself to check out Lombardi's in SoHo, or Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.
The Sicilian slice is terrific! They also close late on a Saturday night. Great place to end your night
Its good, maybe the best Sicilian Pizza in Westchester, But other wise pizza is just good at best. Like I said before its good but just don't think the pizza warrants the long Lines out the door on the Weekends. Guys at the counter are not very nice almost because they feel like they don't need to be. Sicilian again is very good but if your looking for the Best in New York you gotta make a trip to L&B Spumoni Gardens in Brooklyn.
One of the top pizzas I've ever had. Surprising spot for such awesome pizza. The salad pizza is different, but really good. The chicken parm and tomato basil and garlic are our staples.
This is a local place that has national fame.  While some ADORE the sicilian, I'm all about the plain slice. There pizza is always fresh and since they have such a high turn-over if you have patience there will be seating available within a reasonable time.   So go grab a slice and a boylan's soda an enjoy some of the best pizza I've ever eaten.
If I was someone who liked New York enough to live there, this would be the place I would likely eat on a weekly basis.  the best Sicilian pizza eva! Just go there and eat it.   They even have a salad pizza for you weirdos who want something healthy but have no problem with all those Carbs.
I decided to try Sal's after seeing all of the positive Yelp reviews.  I had a slice of Sicilian and Salad.  Both were very good.  The Sicilian was crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with plenty of cheese and tomato sauce.  The Salad pizza was flavorful and moist on top with a nice and crispy crust.   I still believe that the best pizza in Westchester is Totonno's however at least at Sal's you can get it by the slice.
I used to live in Mamaroneck and frequently visited Sal's. Let me tell you how good their regular slice is. My usual portion for pizza is one or at most 2 regular slices. I once ordered a pie w/ extra cheese and ate half of the pie w/ a friend. My friend and I finished off a whole pie while we watched a movie. Skip their dinner entrees because they're not as good as their pizza. If you'd like a regular slice or salad slice, this place is for you! I've moved since then, but when I visit the town now and then, I make sure I eat at Sal's. I order one regular slice and one salad slice. Delicious. I'm craving them right now.   ***drool**
Sal's = best salad pizza ever. Crust = perfection. Salad as a topping = no guilt for eating pizza. Genius! Every time I go to visit my brother, I stop at Sal's.
Pizza and bagels are so personal. One person's favorite pizza is another's well...not favorite. The pizza was good, nothing great. The service was fast and group dining might be harder on the weekends during lunch. Also, it's Mamaroneck Ave so parking is pretty bad, but I always find a spot in the back streets. Ordering is kind of intense your first time. The line stars as soon as you  walk in. You order what you want (drinks and food), and pay for it there and wait. It's really fast pace and they don't mess around!
Grew up on Sal's. I've traveled the world, and I'm a pizza whore, so if I tell you this is the best pizza in NY (tied with Di Fara Pizza 1424 Avenue J, Brooklyn) than you can take it to the bank! I LOVE SAL'S!   and the Gelateria is pretty good too....yummy Nutella gelato! oooh how I love you!
Excellent Pizza! and Great Food! My family has been going there since before I was born and its still the same great pizza. I highly recommend the Salad Slices as well as the Sicilian and the White pizza. The Crusts are always crunchy, the pizza guys are always cracking jokes and the price is right. They have  added Gelatos which are AH-MAZING and extra seating which is helpful.
A regular... best Sicilian pizza alway fresh never reheated!!! All the staff are quick and very friendly . What would mamaroneck ave be without SALS
Great pizza.  Definitely not the best in NY, but the best in Mamaroneck for sure.  You really can't complain about a place that has a Salad Pizza!
I lived in Mamaroneck for a few years so ate many a slice at Sal's.  My favorite thing was the somewhat-surly guys behind the counter.  When it was busy, they were working their tails off, barking at each other, throwing pizza onto paper plates, and demanding to know what you wanted after you'd been standing in the line out the door.  There was one guy who was my favorite.  He was always cranky.  That makes me give this a 5 and not a 4.  I've had some better pizza in NY, but Sal's was pretty damn awesome.
Oh MY God - this is some great pizza.  My partner grew up in Mamaroneck, and everytime we come out here to visit, I try to finagle a way to get to Sal's place.  I dream of their salad pizza, and have tried in vain to replicate it at home.  Ain't happening anything I make doesn't even come close.  It is quick, good food that is really pretty inexpensive.  Just don't go when you are famished because every time I have been there, there has been a line.  Their Sicilian slice is pretty great too.
best on the planet !
The hype is real.  Nothing fancy about the place and you wont find a bbq rib slice.  Just delicious plain and excellent sicilian pizza.
The sicillian slice is no joke - one of the best i've ever had and I definitely crave it from time to time.  Tons of cheese over a great sauce and tasty crust = Sal's sicillian.  The regular slices are good too but doesn't stand out as much when compared to their sicillian.  Sal's is must-stop when coming through Mamaroneck.  First time i had it, i was..."eh..ok, what's the big deal?".  a few days later i woke up one morning and that's all i could think about for the rest of the day.   great...now i'm hungry just writing this review.
The great thing about this place is the Sicilian slice.  The dough is not TOO thick, but it is nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  You feel like it's PIZZA and not BREAD.  Know what I mean? LOTS gooey cheese!! MMMM  Could use some more sauce, but not toooo big of a deal for me. As for the regular slice...very good, very soft but not floppy.  I'd rate it as above average NYC style slice.  But it can't touch Difara!!!! So, 4 stars for the Sicilian slice and 3 for the regular slice.   Also, if you want the BEST Sicilian slice, go to L&B in Brooklyn.  But this is #1 is Westchester.
Favorite amongst Westchester natives. This is where I go whenever I have a slice and gelato attack during the day. The grilled chicken salad with gorgonzola is amazing!!! I haven't tasted anything remotely close..yet. Sals secret: SIMPLICITY! No artificial anything. Great place for family gathering and meeting up with friends. So if you want the best sicilian with the best natural ingridients..visit Sal's.   The bad side: the line during dinner time!! Avoid arriving after 5:30pm..unless you have 30 minutes to spare. The line is crazy but worth the wait..so call ahead of time or SLIDE UP! Stop by for some homemade gelato next door -- made daily and worth every calories!!!
Sal's salad slice is the best. However, don't overlook their regular slice. The crust is always thin and crispy and the sauce is fresh and the mozzerella and oil blend beautifully. Topped off with some of the best gelato, Sal's is an absolutle necessity for any foodie.
My grandparents used to take me to Sal's when I lived in New York, and I insist on getting Sal's pizza every time I come to visit. They have the best Sicilian pizza I've ever eaten, bar none. The place tends to be very busy, though, so make sure you call in and order your pizza well ahead of time.
I hear there is a place like Sals here in Ga.. I don't believe it.. besides.. there is no sicilian down here. Sals is awesome.. only reason I miss high school..
The pizza is good, the sicilian is very good.  Anywhere on Long Island, Brooklyn or Queens this would be an average place.  In Westchester where the pizza is not great, it is seen as a standout. The mexican ice cream place that is a few doors down is the best reason to go here and have a slice-- for the dessert afterward.
I haven't been here in YEARS. Why? Because I've been in Hell A. This place is so damn good NOTHING has changed and that's a MAGNIFICENT thing! Same service, same amazing sicilian slices and regulars and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the salad slices, the salad, the bread. This is NY Pizza! It's my first stop when I got home. That and Dunkin' Donuts! Jesus LA get it TOGETHER! I'd like to comment, that those that say Sal's doesn't have a nice "look" and the service isn't great? First of all: Their food is fantastic- And being a true sicilian girl growing up with the best of the best home made pizza and sauce and pastas, I think I know a good slice. Also for the appearance? Yeah they could make it all glam, but guess what? They don't HAVE TO because they don't have to fool people into coming into their place, they have lines out the door of devoted customers. Why? Because they're THAT GOOD. Tell me how many other places in westchester county that literally have lines out the door AND have had lines out the door SINCE they opened over 25 years ago?
One of the best regular slices and sicilian slices in Westchester.  Workers can be a-holes though as if they are doing you a favor by serving you, always an unneeded attitude.  Regular food is pretty good as well (good salads, ok pastas) but the pizza especially the sicilian is great.  Dont understand the attitude/sense of entitlement though.  Wish there was a better pizza place in the area but there isnt.
Solid slice of cheese. Hubby used to go after school so he brought us here when we were visiting. Glad we stopped in for a slice! Great service, great price, good pizza!
The best pizza!!!  Sicilian slices are great if you're looking to consume some more dough. :)  Salad slices are amazing.  I absolutely love the house dressing they make.   I don't think any other place compares to Sal's.  The pizza is perfection from the crust to the sauce and cheese.   The taste of the dough itself is just so addicting.
Whenever I dont know what I want to eat for lunch or dinner, the answer is automatically Sal's.  I am from Mamaroneck and aside from a couple of unsatisfactory slices (I can literally count them on one hand after two plus decades) this place is awesome.  I personally love the regular slice over anything but the 'Tri-fecta' of a regular, salad and sicilian slice is always my go-to order.  The guys can be pushy behind the counter but they serve hundreds of people a day and as a customer I get pushy as well if the line doesnt flow smoothly in the narrow service area in the front.  Enjoy Mamaroneck's best slice and dont let the hard working guys behind the counter get you down.
Best pizza in mamaroneck hands down. The cheese and pizza sauce taste great just wish the slices were a little bigger. It Usually takes about 3 to 4 slices for me to feel full here lol.
Sal's makes the best pizza of all time. Both the Sicilian and regulars possess the ideal crust consistency, sauce, and cheese combination. Naturally, the toppings are excellent with a wide variety. Also try their Garlic Bread w/ Cheese and their other Italian dishes, which are equally as good. For the price and speed, it's a great place to eat. I've been going there most of my life and they have yet to disappoint.
Salad slice and sicilian are a must, you won't be disappointed. I've being going there for years.
Just the best of the best .. need not say anything else.. roof of my mouth is still burned from last weekend.!! Welcome back Eddie!!
If you live in westchester and can't travel to Brooklyn just to grab a slice of pizza, there really is no better option anywhere in the region.  The Sicilian seems to have the better reputation, but I loved the regular slices best.  A perfect blend of cheese and  delicious tomato sauce, the flavor is amazing.  They don't deliver which is a drag (I guess they really don't have to), which is a negative, but it remains after many, many visits, worth every bit of the trip!
This pizza is alright nothing crazy and the staff staff isn't very friendly. Honestly doesn't compare to nyc pizza but for westchester its  ok
Well it just doesn't get any better than Sal's does it? i''ve been going to Sal's since I was four (aka 21 years) and It is just the best Pizza to be found. The sauce, the crust, and the cheese they are all absolutely perfect. The pasta and sandwiches are quite good as well. The guys behind the counter are hilarious and on top of this they have beer... incredible! Everytime I make a trip home I stop at Sal's on my way back up so I can bring a pie or two up to Boston. This tradition now extends to my girlfriend and my roommate both of whom grab a pie anytime they pass Mamaroneck on 95!
The first time we ordered we got a regular pizza.  It was fine.  The sauce was really tasty, but the mushrooms were canned.  I don't think I've ever been to a place that didn't use fresh mushrooms.  That was really disappointing.   The second time we went we ordered the famous sicilian.  It tasted like....a sicilian.  Is there a decided lack of sicilian pizza in Westchester?  Because people get really, really, excited over the sicilian at Sal's and it really didn't seem any different from the sicilian pizza I've eaten other places. All in all, it was fine.  I wouldn't avoid it or anything, but I also wouldn't really go out of my way for it.
Best Sicilian slice EVER!!!!!!!!
I've been to Sal's many times and it is always delicious.  My favorite pizza to get is the Sicilian slice, but everything is great.  The atmosphere is casual and the service there is very good.  If your in the mood for a quick bite and great pizza Sal's is perfect place to try.
Definitely Overrated! Like 95%  of the reviewers I did not grow up eating here and have no allegiance to what the place used to be as of yesterday when we went the pizza was substandard. Crust was paper thin on the regular slice, and the world famous sicilian slice was good but nothing to write home about. After reading all the reviews we expected way better My recommendation is drive 10 minutes south and check out Pelham Pizza, top ingredients and and awesome slice.
The pizza is decent, but not as great as everybody makes it sound.  I think that the popularity has gotten to the owners' heads though because they have no customer service skills.  They were very rude to me and my family on a busy night, and I am a regular there.  I was very upset that I even ate after that, and from now on I am frequenting Joe's up the block which is just as good, and has way friendlier workers, and is much less crowded.
This pizza place takes over rated to a new level. Pizza at Cosco is even better than this. The reviews here have proven to me that yelp reviews are often not accurate. There really is nothing special about the Sicilian or any other pizza slice they have to offer.Try Johnny's in Mt. Vernon or Polpettinas, then you will know what I mean.
This is quite possibly the best pizza on the East Coast.  It is a mandatory stop any time I am passing through Westchester, and I have been known to have friends driving back from NYC stop by and deliver some pizza to me in Boston.  Beware of the gross bathrooms.
The pizza is decent ( I've had better, I've had  worse ) but the attitude of some of the guys behind the counter is piss poor...like they can't be bothered.
I have yet to find the PERFECT 5 STAR pizza but I would give this a 4.5. Everyone raves about the Sicilian slice but to me sicilian just has too much bread. I thought the regular slice was heaven very thin and very cheesy! Definitely one of the top pizzas I have ever had
"maybe the best Sicilian Pizza in Westchester," Seriously? Then Sicilian in Westchester must be reallllllllllly bad, because Sal's 'new and improved' Sicilian is pathetic. It USED to be thick and gooey and cheesey and doughy and wonderful. Now it's thin and hard (and yes, I've tried it twice and thrice and more times) and pathetic. I don't know where else to get Sicilian in Westchester, so I don't even bother. Sal's used to be my 'go to' place, but now it is just overpriced and skating on its past reputation with pizza eaters who don't know any better. How sad. How pathetic.
I tried a slice of pizza.  Nothing exceptional and the dough is thin....you will need 2 slices to satisfy your appetite and stop the 'ol belly from grumbling.
Love the service and food!!! A little slow 10 minutes for heated up food???
The BEST pizza in Westchster by far! (And in the top five EVER in the US)  I dream of it from San Diego.  I can't come home without at least one slice of Sicilian and one regular....and a salad slice too most of the time.  I ask for my regular slices well done so it is extra crispy.  They know how to put the perfect amount of sauce and cheese on every pie - not too saucy and not too cheesy.  The crust is perfect every time...Hard to find a seat, but it travels well.  I even bring a few slices back to San Diego to keep in my freezer for when I need a quick fix of the good stuff!  I have been coming  here since I was a kid and plan to bring my kids here as well.  RIP JP.
The BEST pizza ever.  Pizza is my favorite food.  I get all snobbish about it being from New York and having lived in the Midwest for 4 years and now California.  I grew up on Sal's pizza--since i was 11 years old...geez that's 23 years! Thank god my parents still live in westchester--perfect for getting my Sal's fix whenever i visit.   I love how i recognize the guys and they call me sweetheart still--i feel like a little girl again. I know they don't remember me personally but i like to pretend they do. Sal's is SO good that i have actually done the tin-foil, freeze and air travel with pizza as my carry-on dealeo.  That good.  Sicilian, regular, white, salad--you name it, it's perfect.  Their subs are awesome too--but for me it's all about the pizza. I'm sincerely saddened by the fact the Sal's is so far away from me. I want to cry.
I just love this place. I am not a local but was introduced by my boyfriend who goes there all the time. Now I am one of those who says, oh we are heading that way?, lets get Sals.The Salad Pizza is to die for. The sisilian is wonderful. I like the thin crust plan pizza as well, but the salad pizza is my favorite. Many times you have to wait in line just to order, so be prepared to place your oder quick. I feel like I am getting ready to talk to the soup Natzi . But NO, they are all very nice and well organized. The best pizza I have had since moving from Brooklyn. Two thumbs up
Well, over the years people either love Sal's or they don't.  They have great Sicilan pizza.  It is like no other!  Their salad slices are pretty good too.  But, for regular slices and Italian food you can skip this place.
Fantastic slices of Sicilian. My favorite in the world? no, but pretty darn good. I used to like the salad pizza, but for some reason its lost its appeal, maybe I just liked it when I was younger growing up.
Great pizza.  Casual environment.  Just try a slice for yourself and you will agree.  Also the prices are very reasonable.
One of the best pizzas in Westchester, if not New York area. Just the right amount of sauce and a sturdy crust. Worth making an extra trip for; just don't expect to make any friends at the front counter. Service is rushed and rude at times ... Pick up and go!
Don't go alone unless you're on foot because finding a parking spot during the rush is futile.  While I no longer live in Mamaroneck I did for several years and still have family there.  I have been visiting Sal's going on 25 years and to this day I have yet to eat a slice of sicilian anywhere that rivals Sal's.  I am only speaking to their sicilian slices for the purposes of this review as it is the only thing I have ever ordered.  Ever.  There is a good chance that several of my less popular family members ultimately stayed in Mamaroneck simply because they knew that without Sal's in their "backyard" we would never visit.  They are correct in this assumption.  Very kid friendly and on the cheap.  Whoever gives this place anything less than 3 stars should have their Yelp account closed as they are doing no good for the Yelp community.
We will forever love Sal's.
Sal's really does have excellent pizza. Their hot food is so-so but they get 5 stars for their creative pizzas (like buffalo chicken, and salad -- both delicious!)
Everyone raves about the pizza here as though it's the only place to go in Westchester. If you're not from NY, you may be impressed, but growing up in NY and eating great pizza my whole life, I was not excited. There are much better slices in other towns with better atmospheres too. Dunwoodie in Yonkers, Lincoln Lounge in Mt Vernon. The style at Sal's is traditional and they have a good plain slice but it's nothing special. In addition, the men behind the counter are rude (Soup Nazi status) and sleazy to women. If I wanted to get harassed by dirty old men, I would at least go to a place where the pizza is worth it! One of the pizza makers stands in front of the store smoking a cigarette every day - I can't keep my appetite with that image in mind. No delivery and cash only - get with the times! The only plus, they are open late for those who stumble up from the bar.
If you grew up anywhere near Sal's, you know it's reputation as the best around.  Is it slipping?  Maybe, maybe not.  (Just when I think 'maybe' I get hit with a sicilian slice that wins me over.) This is a straight up ny-style pizza joint and doesn't pretend to be anything else which is part of the appeal.  You don't go to Sal's to have someone greet you with a smile.  Decide what you want quickly, order, move on and enjoy.  Their lines are out the door for a reason.  At this point if they're polite behind the counter, I actually get a little worried that something's off. The sicilian is great most of the time (though my last slice was mysteriously thin - I hope that's not a trend).  It's light years beyond what other places call sicilian.  The white pizza, which you don't hear much about, is out of this world especially if you get a fresh pie to take home.  I think they use some kind of white cheese combo no one else uses, maybe with gorgonzola.  This is the only white pizza I'll eat.  Like others have said the salad slice is also very good, better than most.  The regular/plain is usually great too, occasionally just 'good' and I wish there were a little more sauce.  Still worth the gamble.   I've eaten in dozens of NY-style pizza joints in Westchester, Rockland & Fairfield counties (though I haven't made it to the Mt. Vernon one people rave about), and this is without a doubt #1 out of the places I've been.  I'm not counting places with coal or wood ovens that use fresh mozzarella and fancy toppings - love those places when they do it right, but it's a whole other food category. Re what one reviewer said - yes, it's chewy which I take to be a good thing (no sore jaws here), and sometimes I blot the oil with a napkin too - is that such a big deal?  For me it's just part of the NY pizza ritual.  The cheese itself, once you're done blotting, tastes really good.  If you're someone who eats pizza with a knife and fork, Sal's probably isn't for you, otherwise, try it.  Just wish there were more parking.
Try the Sicilian pizza and the Lasanga.  I have not, and do not think I will ever find a better examples of these dishes. Makes me want to move back into my folks place.
I am by no means a Westchester expert, however, I consider myself extremely knowledgeable on the county for someone who is not a Native and has never lived in it at all.  So take that into account when considering my declaration that this is the best pizza in Westchester.  It is very notable in the fact that both the regular pie and the Sicilian are consistently excellent.  The round pie is super thin with a nice tang to the sauce, serviceable cheese, and a satisfying amount of grease.  The very thick sicilian is loaded with cheese and completely unlike Spumoni gardens but again is excellent in its own way.  It is essential to get a fresh slice or pie, particularly with the regular, as the drop off in quality that results with a reheated slice is substantial, even more so than usual.  Interior is just as down as you want in a classic NY Area pizzeria.  Service is prompt and cordial, if not overly friendly, but hey we are New Yorkers, do we really want to deal with friendly people anyway?
When I'm looking to grab a slice (vs. a whole pie) it's hard to beat Sal's.  Particularly the sicilian.  There's been an ongoing battle in the family for years about Sal's vs. the Pavillion but I just don't see a comparison.
I was in Mamaroneck briefly for an appointment, and had some time to kill.  I pulled up my Yelp app and found this place.  I found it because there was a long line of people standing outside.  The pizza is well worth the wait.  I wasn't crazy about the Sicilian slice, but the plain slice was awesome.  Crispy, sweet and savory sauce, lots of cheese (but not too much).  Definitely a place to try if you're in town.
The Sicilian is probably the best i've ever had, the crust is perfect and the sauce is better than everywhere else's sauce. The line is worth the wait. Meatball slice is also good, they cut up a fresh meatball to top your slice. Cant comment on other menu items. Just a great cheap meal that is always exactly as i remembered it.
Sals pizzeria is a well known establishment lying on Mamaroneck Ave that has been around for 50 years in the heart of Mamaroneck. I have had Sals many times over the years. I am a fan of their sicilian and their pepperoni slice. The prices were never unreasonable. I enjoyed Sals from the first time I had it back in my early high school days. Heres my issue and this is what makes my blood boil and ultimately drives me away from coming back to Sals, whether the pizza was good or not. Poor customer service is my biggest pet peeve, I don't tolerate it, nor will I back down from anybody serving me food with an attitude. The overweight man behind the counter needs an attitude check. He's not friendly, he acts like Sals is the last place he wants to be. He also accused me for cutting the line when half the people in line didn't even know where the line even began. So right off the bat, you shouldn't assume I planned to cut the line, because that was not my intention I just simply did not know where it started because it was so discombobulated. So a more appropriate statement would be: "Hey Buddy the lines actually in the back *points*. Instead of "Hey buddy you cant cut the line okay? ya gotta go to the back". I did not welcome the accusation. After waiting in line, I order a pepperoni slice and sicilian slice. The man thought I said pepperoni sicilian slice. So as he started to put the pepperoni on the sicilian I caught him and corrected him. He tried to tell me I told me this is what I ordered, but he just heard me wrong. So he roll's his eyes and shakes his head multiple times and gives the "Jordan shrugs".   His careless attitude along with his body language really made me disappointed. I have never got treated this poorly at a pizzeria before in Westchester. I will never expect any employer of an Italian restaurant or pizzeria to give me an attitude. Because in my culture, Italians are more than happy to serve their customers. They get so much joy of seeing their customers happy and satisfied thats what they thrive on. This aspect of the Italian culture was non existent the other day at Sals. This may not seem like a big deal to others, and obviously I'm going on a rant here, but I will never take poor customer service lightly and I will never forget it. Whenever I worked in the restaurant business I was taught the customer is always right no matter what. My advice to that man is stop eating his life away and learn to appreciate your customers and lastly put a friggin smile on your face.
I am a fan!  Sal's has very tasty slices and sicilians , especially for westchester. BUT.... the pizza seems to go cold very fast. So we always ask for them well done but then they are burnt. Also, the pasta is not great. I got pasta once and it was hard and i had to send it back. Also, sal's is sooooo busy. The sometime 20 minute wait for pizza just doesn't seem worth it to me. The guys working there aren't the friendliest but they dont have to be, everyone will keep going there!
I have traveled far to come here and I am never disappointed. Sal's is the best.
slam dunk pizza place. cash only, lines out the door. Sicilian slices that will blow your mind. Chicken parm subs that will leave your head spinning and they serve beer! sure the service is tuff at the counter but it gives the place character. Honestly the best pizza in all of NY is not in the city but right here in Mamaroneck. No delivery, no credit cards, no BS. Just damn good pizza.
The best pizza always!!!  Nothing more to say...
One of the best Pizza places in Westchester, I've been going here for many years.
Was back a few weeks ago and disappointed.  The pizza had much less flavor than it used to.  Crust is thin and pizza is fresh as it is always busy but reall lacked in flavor.  hoping I just had a bad day but for my buck it is worth it to travel to Frank Pepe's in Yonkers for great pizza.  Sorry Sal.  I do love the employees, especially the cute young ones and John the pizza man and flirt!  Still one of the better salad slices around
The best pizza I have ever had...period!  The salad pizza is a favorite as are the Sicilian pies and the sandwiches, but Sal's will blow you away with just a plain slice.  If you are in NYC and have a car (or want to ride Metro-North to Mamaroneck) this pizza is worth the trip.
Sal's makes an AMAZING regular slice!! Though I must say, you need to go early. The earlier the better; not only because of the ridiculous weekend dinner time line, but you will also get the freshest, right out of the oven slices. Their salad slices are excellent as well. The sicilian slices at Sal's are really good, but for a GREAT sicilian, you must head over to White Plains for an ITALIAN PAVILION sicilian; though the main point here is, that in Westchester, you would be hard pressed to find a regular slice better than Sal's.
Best Sicilian pizza this side of the Mississippi!
If you are a first timer.. get a slice of each. It is a cheese pizza place. I prefer the Sicilian Slice, but I always get both. I think they compliment each other. This is a classic pizzeria. I dont go there for food, but I heard they make good dishes. This place is in my top 10 Pizza spots. If you like good pizza, and know the difference, you will enjoy.
The best, the absolute best pizza in New York, if not the eastern seaboard.  My family has been going to this place since the 80's (that I know of and if not sooner.)  I moved away from NY in the early 90's, and every since then, I have compared every Italian restaurant and pizzeria to Sal's.  The pizza is nice and thin, the veal parm wedge is light with the fresh bread, and the Sicilian is a constant favorite.
BeSt pizza in town. Food is so delicious :) I love this place!!
One of the best pizza places in the area.
I've had New Haven's best and travelled to 49 states, there is none better than Sal's. The town has a large italian population and several pizzerias but Sal's is always busy. Don't miss the Sicilian, I've been loving it for 40 years.
The area has a number of good pizza options, but this remains a local favorite. There is always a line for pick up here. The sicilian is what Sal's is known for and it is very good. My only real complaint, is more a wish. Delivery would be nice.
I grew up in Brooklyn and moved to Weschester about 15 years ago.  I went to Sal's based on the local's sugggestions.  While I will say Sal's has excellent pizza, especially their Sicilian,  they would be just another pizzeria in Bay Ridge, Bensinhurst etc.  The rest of the menu is avg.
The best pizza around!!  Line can be out the door towards the end of the week.  Ignore anyone complaining about the staff.  They really are good guys even if some of the reviewers think otherwise.  Both the regular pizza and the sicilian are great and it is a great place to bring kids.  They make so many pizzas every day that everything is really fresh.  The sauce is tasty and try the salad pizza here its a tossed salad on top of a pizza, very tasty!  Keep making those pizzas guys!
I refuse to eat pizza anywhere else. The Sal's regular slice is absolute heaven. Thin crust. Fresh sauce. The best cheese there is. Always right of the oven but magically manages not to burn your tongue. I have a hunch that aside from freshness and thin crust, the cheese is the ultimate secret. My family and I decided one night to try and make our own pizza at home, so we headed to Sal's for ingredients. They were happy to sell us dough and we had our own sauce at home, but when it came to the cheese they had to call Sal himself to make sure it was okay! We ended up getting the cheese but it was still in no way close to Sal's quality. In the mood for something a little lighter? The salad slice is arguably just as good as the regular. When I go, I get one of each.  I'd be missing out if I didn't. No cheese on this pizza, just crust, sauce and a lettuce and tomato salad. Not surprisingly, kids even like it! Finally: The Eggplant Dish This scrumptious breaded eggplant with tomato sauce, commonly referred to in my house as "eggplant parmesan without the parmesan," is for me, a Sal's favorite. Usually if I am actually eating at the restaurant and not ordering take-out I will feel too guilty not getting pizza to order it. BUT, it is the perfect alternative if you don't like getting home and your pizza is already cold. It's also delicious cold a day or two later.
Best Sicilian slice you can get. Place has been here forever and will never be bad. Consistent slices from employees that have been there since my Dad was a kid.
The Pizza Standard in which all others in the world are compared to!
Great pizza, with a delicious tangy sauce, but some of the guys behind the counter range from disinterested to rude. Try Joe's directly across from the movie theater for a better experience and an even better crust on the pies.
sal's pizza is the best pizzeria in ny. the sicilian is to die for. if you read any of the bad reviews. these people don't know what great pizza is. some people complain that there is too much oil on top. that's because they load the pizza with mega amounts of mozzarella. most places have no oil on top because they skimp on the cheese. some complainers say that the guys behind the counter have an attitude problem. they sure do. because they know their pizza is great and don't fake their true feelings.  but who cares.  we are there for the pizza, not the people who serve it. if this bothers you, you should get a life.
You have got to be kidding. We have heard nothing but raves for Sal's since moving to this area a few months ago.  Finally we got a chance to go by there and got the Sal's Special regular crust pizza. It was the worst pizza anyone in our party of five had ever eaten. No sauce to speak of, tasteless crust, canned mushroom slices and acrid tasting peppers. I would have preferred a frozen Stouffers pie to this dreck. Will never ever go back. Makes me wonder if anyone who actually gave this pizza a good review has ever had really good pizza. So sad.  I work in Manhattan and have had excellent pizza through the years.  First back in the early 80's at a place called Vinnie's on Amsterdam between 72nd and 73rd.  They used to sell a plain slice and a long neck beer for a buck each.  More recently, John's and Patzeria, both in the theatre district.  Having this awful experience made me wish we lived in NYC just so we can find decent pizza!
If you're from Westchester, you most likely know and LOVE Sal's. Delicious pizza - I love the regular and the salad slices best, but my family particularly loves the sicilian. No matter what you order, you will be happy!
The sicilian pizza here is the best around but everything else is mediocre at best. If you go here make sure to get sicilian pizza. The vast majority of the staff has very little patience and is rude and the pizza is on the expensive side.
It's kinda like the pizza nazi.  My GF and I always have a laugh at how the staff is so grumpy all the time haha.  But, it doesn't stop us from going back for the pie (with anchovy :)! We usually have 3 slices each and take 2 home. It's consistently delicious. The cheese has a noticeable texture that you snap through when you bite into it. Very good. They serve beer also and that's important for a pizza shop. Haha we called and asked if they delivered once and they were so nasty "$50 MINIMUM AND CALL IN ADVANCE!!!". Hahahaha grumpy Sal's, we love it!
I heard about this place from several friends. Loved it. The cheese plentiful and the crust crunchy. I will be back!!!!
So we finally get our little family together to visit family on the east coast. My husband has an opportunity to show my daughter all of his favorite food places, tourist spots and show her the city he grew up in 30 years ago. Our very first spot he wants to take her to, literally as soon as our plane landed was Sal's pizza. We landed after 11pm and unfortunately headed there a little after 12am. They were closed but believe me we made up for lost time. We ordered Sal's almost every night of our trip. We ordered both the Sicilian and the thin crust and oohhhed and ahhhhed over the pizza and fought over which was better. The thin crust was amazing! Good big slices, cheese and sauce and that's it. The sauce is great, with it's tanginess which isn't over powering and it is not sweet. I really hate a sweet sauce. Not too greasy either. The Sicilian was both my husband and daughters favorite. This pizza was the highlight of our trip, it brought our family together and I look forward to many more trips back east and will always make a stop for our favorite pizza.
Tried their siclian today.  Average pizza and the pie served to us was a bit overcooked.  Individuals at the counter were interesting.  Will go elsewhere.
Best pizza in westchester!  For all you haters who say the service is lousy.  Yes you are right.  They are the pizzeria version of the soup nazi
Hands down the best pizza in Westchester county. The guys behind the counter are pretty rude unless they know you, but the attitude is worth it.
