So, first I walk in and I'm like - wait - this is not a Japanese owned restaurant? But, I was still excited as this is the only Ramen restaurant I've seen in Westchester.   The owner, Wayne, learned how to cook in Osaka - which is by far the best Japanese food in the world - so after meeting him (he's overly nice) - I knew the food would be great. The Pork Buns were unique & delectable.  The slow braised chicken legs were also fantastic.  But the prize goes to the Ramen.  The Broth was perfect and the Chashu Pork was flavorful and totally authentic tasting.   Also, the prices are incredibly reasonable. Japanese "hot" food is my favorite cuisine, and since moving to Westchester, I have not found any that I actually like... until now!  I will frequent this place as often as possible, and I urge you to do the same. The food is amazing, and the staff is so nice and accommodating.  Also, you have a bell in front of you - ring it to tell them you like your food and they all yell THANK YOU! which is really fun and interactive - and very much like something you'd find in Japan!
Roc-N-Ramen is a solid 3.8/5.0 in my books and here's why. They're somewhat of an authentic ramen shop befitting of New Rochelle and especially the cold winter months. Their decor is strange/different in that it strikes me as if it was a former sushi restaurant. I discovered it with a good friend earlier this week as it appeared relatively new. It'll definitely hit the spot when you're hangry for a ramen fix and can't find yourself motivated to trek into the city. As compared to my top favorites from the city, Totto, Ippudo, Misoya Ramen, and Minca, they do a good job but clearly have to work hard to come close. Upon closer inspection though, they evoke memories of Ramen Setagaya in East Village, the Japanese chain that came to the 'States offering decent ramen. It's not remarkable but does the trick.  For New Rochelle though, this should be considered quite a feat! They have some further kinks to work out in this relatively new restaurant but for your ramen needs, this ought to be your destination if you're in the area.
Could it be true, could it be good? A Ramon spot in westchester! Well it is true and it is good! While it's not as hardcore as some of the spots you can find in St. Marks Place in the east village it is a nice local option. Pro: veggie options and lots of fun ingredients Cons: no beer just yet.... Or kimchi
My first Ramen experience with my wife and I have to say I loved it. Great food and the staff was very attentive.  The owner was very nice and I will definitely be back.
4.5 stars. I totally came across this place on Yelp and I am so glad I did! I decided to check it out right away. I like this new space and the decor is nice. I like its simple and relatively straightforward menu. Not 5 stars for me because... 1. Its price is comparable to the city. However, the portion is slightly smaller than what some ramen places in the city have to offer. Maybe it is just the bowl here is smaller and thus the portion appears smaller. 2. I asked for extra corn ($1 extra) and I found my corn to be mainly uncooked. They weren't cooked very thoroughly so that was not very pleasant. I think they likely just pour some frozen corn into the ramen bowl without really boiling them. I mean, it happens. However, it would been much nicer if my corn was boiled just a little big longer. 3. I asked for the "less salt" option because another Yelper has mentioned the soup was too salty. I found mine to be just about okay flavor-wise. The flavor was indeed lacking somewhat with less salt. There were a couple of moments where I wanted to reach out and get more salt for me but then I thought it would defeat the whole purpose. The meal was still good but next time, I will likely go for the regular salt serving instead of less salt. 4. Its waiters are clearly brand new and relatively inexperienced. There is absolutely no problem with it and there is always a learning process. I am sure this will change for the better as time goes on. In addition, they could definitely use the space better. They have a large open space in between the bar stools and the tables. They could totally downsize the big tables (for four or more) on the side and add some extra (small) tables (perhaps for two) right in the middle to accommodate more customers if necessary. Otherwise, I had a great meal here! The noodles were in the "right" texture and flavor to me personally. I absolutely loved its boiled (half) egg as well. Everything else was great. I like how it has an interactive element to your dining experience - if you like your meal, ring a bell that is sitting on your table. I liked my meal a lot and I didn't want to stop in the middle to ring my bell. And maybe it is better to share my experience here on Yelp so more people could read about it and try it out!
Ramen so close to home! Finally!! Though I no longer work in New Rochelle (sad face), I don't live too far, and Roc N Ramen has opened up, filling an Asian food void probably within the entire Northeast Bronx and the Bronx/Westchester border areas. I visited with my partner-in-crime on a busy Friday night to find a buzzing, happening place. We sat at the bar which was pretty cool. I've never done anything like that before so it was exciting to watch the chefs at work. We were offered a tasty sample of the pork  belly which was tender, juicy, and belly-licious (haaaa). The edamame were good, but I really liked the gyoza with a sauce that was really on point. Now on to the ramen! Filling, hot, and salty, this ramen is pretty good. The egg is cooked very well, and I typically hate eggs, so you know it's gotta be good. The noodles were just the right amount of tenderness. I'm really, really excited about new food options but I've got a few critiques. A lot of items were sold out or running out by the end of the night which was kind of disappointing. I assume that's just new restaurant jitters. I also wish they had purse hooks at the bar (though I heard those are on their way!). Lastly, more dessert choices would be awesome because I don't really like mochi. Anyways, please give this place a try! I hope to be working in New Rochelle again soon and I don't want to lose a lunch option! :]
3.5 stars.  Service was excellent.  Ramen is pretty solid and portions are excellent for the price.  The one issue we ran into was the additional toppings...I think they should call it additional garnish.  When I ordered the pea shoots (??), it was about 4 micro greens.  My hubby ordered bok choy and it was one raw leaf.  The baby pea shoots, scallions, maybe even the corn kernels, I'm OK with raw, but I've never had a raw stalk of bok choy in my noodle soup.  Don't get me wrong, I'll be going back because it's pretty solid.  But be forewarned about the toppings.  I don't like to be put in a position when I have to ask the waiter if what I got was "it."
I love ramen and I was excited to find a decent ramen place to regularly go to. My boyfriend and I actually met the owners of the restaurant in a supermarket. They are both nice people and funny as well. The food is definitely good. The reason I have four star instead of five is that I think there's some areas they could improve on. I've been there twice. The first time was awesome. And I particularly liked the soft boiled egg in the soup. And the ramen was cooked just right! But the second time wasn't as good. I ordered the same thing but there was no egg in the soup. I asked the waiter about it and he gave me an extra piece. It's good that they are offering amends. But it would be better to just get it right when you serve the food. Also the ramen, it was a little clustered like a clump, which I think need more care when they prepare it. Other than that, the experience is great! And definitely worth going back to if you like ramen. :)
Absolutely fantastic ramen place. Succulent pork and mushroom ramen bowls, tons of noodles, great preparation and presentation. Service here was excellent, everyone working here is helpful and timely.  Still a growing restaurant but they show awesome promise and I hope they're here to stay.
Exciting new addition to New Rochelle.  Food is great and service is excellent. Will definitely be coming back...
Ok so second attempt coming here. First time I came they ran out of noodles.  Breakdown:chicken dumplings very tasty also had the veggie ramen , changed it up added chicken it was pretty good. The Bf had the pork ramen he said it was fantastic.  we both ordered it spicy, but it wasn't very spicy. Very nice portion sizes was super satisfied. Great to eat on a cold November evening. Will be back to try more from the menu!
The ramen here is delicious and totally authentic - just like I've had in Japan. The tonkatsu (sp?) broth is flavorful, almost a creamy texture with no dairy, and not too salty. The park belly is delicious and the ramen noodles were cooked to the perfect texture. I added tofu and the texture was great. Serving siZe seemed big to me, I couldn't finish all mine, but my husband delightedly slurped down his shoyu ramen with added shredded pork. The gyoza were very good too. The owner Wayne is a wonderful host, seeking feedback from customers. It is a new restaurant so they are still shaking out some service bugs, thus the 4 star vs 5 star rating...the food and decor are definitely  5 star. Just don't go there in a rush before a movie as you are waiting for an individually crafted bowl of ramen - no pre-cooked assembly line here. It is definitely worth the wait!
Better than any Ramen place in Manhattan!!! Me and my wife discovered this place by chance walking home from the movies in New Roc City. Thought I was dreaming when I saw an ambience that was similar to a Manhattan foodie place in downtown New Rochelle . As huge fans of Ippudo NYC, we decided we should give this place a try... To make a long story short, we will never be driving to New York City to wait 2 hours for a bowl of Ramen and pork buns ever again!!! This place beats both Ippudo and Momufuku on all counts.... Pork Buns were extremely well balanced, broth tasted like it was made for hours, and most importantly, you could tell the chef made every dish with LOVE. This could mean a huge turning point for downtown New Rochelle...Finally some real culinary experiences are in town!
This place is going through some serious growing pains.  I heard they only opened about a month ago so I decided to check it out with my boyfriend - especially since he loves ramen. They close for about an hour and reopen at 5 PM.  They have this weird rope thing that they pull open when they reopen.  It looked pretty awkward to me.  When you go inside there is a window bar, a bar along the open kitchen and three huge tables.  This place seems pretty small, but it looks like they maximized their space without making it feel cramped.  They seemed to be over-staffed - there were a lot of people just standing around doing nothing.  The (who I assumed to be) owner was sitting by the register in a chef's coat and yelling across the room to the wait staff and the chef.  Not very pleasant for the atmosphere, but it didn't happen often enough to ruin my experience.  We sat at the kitchen bar and were given our menus immediately.  About five seconds later, a waitress came and asked for our order.  Give us a minute to breathe - jeeze!  They had sake and beer on the menu, but none of it was available yet.  Guess they are still waiting on their license.  When I asked the waitress a question about the ramen, she told me it says it on the menu.  Well okay then miss, but my question was left unanswered because alas, the answer was not on the menu! The food came out pretty quickly.  I ordered Tonkotsu Ramen and my boyfriend ordered Shoyu Ramen.  Both came with pork belly, egg, bamboo shoots, scallions, bok choy and nori.  The menu said it would come with bean sprouts and sesame seeds and made no mention of the bok choy nor the nori.  A bit inconsistent to me.  Thank God I wasn't allergic to any of these ingredients!  My noodles were a little undercooked and clumped together.  The broth was delicious and so was the pork belly - I wish I had gotten more!  The egg on the other hand was just plain gross.  The menu says soft boiled egg - but this was an overcooked hard boiled egg.  I knew from the minute I looked at it, because there was a green ring around the yolk.  The yolk felt powdery and the whole egg was ice cold.  That was the only bad part of my dish - but it wasn't enough to ruin it all together. The waitress let me know, while I was mid-slurp "We have this thing here where if you're enjoying your food, you ring the bell."  I did enjoy my meal to a degree so I decided to ring the bell just to see what would happen.  Everyone in the restaurant yelled back "Thank you."  Cool, but I won't be ringing that bell again no matter how much I enjoy the food. Overall, I will probably come back in six months or so.  Once they hopefully get over their growing pains, I'm sure they will be better.  They have a lot of potential.  They should definitely start by having the photos on their menus and website be from their own dishes, not ones they found on the internet :)
Thrilled to have a ramen place close by....but although they get A for effort we found the service to be, well in need of work, and I would have liked the pork to be better quality and the egg in the ramen was hardboiled. Also their hours are confusing as they weren't open last Sunday afternoon. Will keep trying in hope they take it the next level.
I originally loved this place, but my most recent visit wasn't quite the same. The ramen this time around was too salty. Not sure how that happened. I noticed that the staff just randomly breaks out into private conversations on the floor in front of patrons. The cashier was talking about how long her hair was to her co-workers at the register. I mean I get that sometimes you have to find ways to pass the time, but it looks strange when most of the staff are huddled in a hang out circle by the register. It's a new place, so I'm sure they're still working out the kinks.
What? A ramen shop in New Rochelle near the New Roc Cinema? A must visit on a Friday night. APPETIZERS - Steamed gua bao pork buns. A success. Succulent pork with a nice touch of spiciness. Gyoza special - a mixture of pork, chicken, shrimp and vegetable dumplings. A light, slightly crispy wrapping surrounding good portions of hot filling. Again, well done. 4 stars for the appetizers! Liking things so far. RAMEN - Shoyu Ramen. Broth - The soul of a ramen bowl and this one is pretty good. Hints of ginger and chicken merge nicely with soy. Adding rayu or seeping the nori changes the flavor profile in interesting and enjoyable ways. 3 stars for the broth. Noodles - Average. Adequately cooked, so they were al dente at the start, but toothiness and flavor were lacking. Very generic. 2 stars. Toppings - Disappointing. Egg was too well done, not even close to soft-boiled. Bamboo shoots? You call these bamboo shoots? Blanched white, with no seasoning these could have been any thinly sliced root vegetable. Poor. Chashu was a positive and kept the toppings from getting zero stars! While the soul of ramen may be in the broth, it is still a noodle dish and you've got to get the other components right. The appetizers are there and the broth is good, but don't let anyone kid you - this is not on par with the Shoyu ramen at Jin, Ivan or Rai Rai Ken. I'm being harsh in this review because I want this place to succeed. I will visit again to see if they can get the entire package finished.
The ramen here compares favorably with the best found in New York. I often eat at Jin Ramen near Columbia and Ivan Ramen in the newish Gotham West food hall and I have to say this ramen stands up beautifully to those well established places. I had them add some heat to my ramen and the spice level was perfect. I wandered into Roc-Ñ-Ramen at about 4 pm. After being greeted by the owners, I ordered the pork-based ramen. It was absolutely delicious. It was a pleasure listening to the kitchen staff discuss how to prepare the day's specialities. It was clear they take their craft seriously. I would recommend Roc-Ñ-Ramen to anyone who is a ramen fan.
Great ramen! Delicious broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and the gyoza and rice bowls had tremendous flavor as well. As good, if not better, than most of nyc's ramen joints (the head chef's prior gig was in the city). And very well priced.
Omg the food at this place is awesome the pork bone ramen is orgasmic. The broth is like nothing I've ever had please visit this place you won't be sorry
A big beautiful bowl of tonkotsu and a friendly and inviting staff are what anxiously await you at this New Roc City gem. Great for parties of 2-6, familiess and couples alike. This new restaurant is not just good for New Rochelle, but can actually hang with the big kids in Manhattan. Very impressive! (Just make sure you know how to use chopsticks...)
They rock!  They just opened and although the place needs just a little bit of  tweaking, they are great.  Such a welcome addition to New Rochelle. We now have a good noodle place in Westchester!  Yippee!
Staff needs more time to perfect their form. But if they can get as good as the Tonkotsu Ramen broth, I see this Ramen house doing big things. They have a very diverse selection of items on the menu, so there is something for everyone. I look forward to going back and trying Shoyu Ramen or Shio Ramen.
The value of having a ramen place walking distance from home: PRICELESS! The ramen was delicious and just the right portion size. The egg was also cooked to perfection. That being said, in the spirit of encouragement for the owner, the noodles were a tad over done and the broth wasn't hot enough. It took a bit for our order to arrive so we wondered if it had been sitting for a while before pick up. Again, something that will probably be fixed once the place is past its "openings pains." The only thing I don't think should stick around is the hot sesame oil as the only spicy addition option. It is WAY too over powering! Love you, Roc n Ramen, we'll be back!! I know I'll be revising to 5 stars within a month:)
I'm going to go easy on these guys as like others have said they're new. When you go you'll notice that a lot is still being tweaked. That said, the tonkotsu soup is in great shape and it's very good. I think the bowl could use double the noodles (to soak up the soup) and half the pork (sliced thinner and not as charred). Also ordered some gyoza which comes boiled in soup - I'd rather it be pan-fried. The price was reasonable. All that said, I'll be back. I think the place has potential. The owner is really nice and you can tell he cares about working out the wrinkles. I'm really happy that more asian options are popping up in Westchester and they're actually decent! Having a good ramen shop up here would be big. I hope these guys improve and stick around for a long time.
I would recommend rocnramen. It is on par with all of the ramen places I've been to in the city. The owner is ridiculously nice and makes sure if the dinner doesn't run smooth he'll make it up in some way. I think this is a place that will last jn new roc.
This is overall a really nice place to eat.  First of all, it's the only ramen place anywhere remotely close to the Bronx, hallelujah.  Second of all, if you ever wanted to be that person in the movies that goes into a restaurant and you know the owner and owner knows you and you can ask for the usual or the special and just feel at home, this is also that place.  The owners are so lovely.  Third of all,the food is delicious and the menu is innovative and expanding.  We got to taste test a new dish they had made right when while we were having dinner.  It's a great meal and a fun time.  We will definitely be back.
Sooooooooo ridiculously good.  Finally a special different place to enjoy in New Rochelle.  Everyone is friendly, and the food is extraordinary.
I understand that they just opened up..Coming from the food industry walking in I already noticed no employees wearing any hairnets or anything to protect the food from hair falling into it..keeping in mind that health department inspections are coming up very soon . I placed a take out order of , which took over 20 mins with two people in front of me waiting the same time. I dont know if it was the owner who was the chef but expediting and playing to many roles dont work..Where this becomes the lack of concentration in the food. When a customer just told the chef that the Shoyu Ramen  was extremely salty nothing was done to check if this was correct. The two ladies in front of me received their food they were offered a 10% each..as I continued to wait well closet to 30 minutes. I wasn't offered anything which really didn't matter at this point ..Well in the process of letting them also know again my food was to go as they served my pork buns to stay . Once I arrived home the soup wasn't spicy how i asked for it there was very little noodles and the broth was extremely salty and lack of vegetables like most ramen. I hope this will bring a little help into staying on top of certain procedures and developing a system to expedite the food properly without being unorganized and still concentrating on the flavors and the food which is the most important part ..
