Let me first say that this restaurant is BEAUTIFUL. I went over the summer and it was a bit too hot outside so we dined in. The outdoor seating is basically in the train parking lot, but inside it is very upscale looking. I love how they converted the old station. We came in for an early dinner and service was great. (Granted the place was basically empty). At the time, they had a sign up that they were no longer honoring groupons, which I thought was a little tacky considering a) they could probably just tell people, b)it was empty and c) it looks like a fairly upscale establishment and the sign was just out of place. I've also seen several complaints about this on the page. Companies should know what they're getting into with groupon and be gracious for how many new customers it brings in and use it to their advantage. Ok rant over. We didn't even have a groupon. I ordered the Wagyu Beef empanadas. They were tasty, but honestly so HEAVY and filling, I was begging my dining companions to take the second one off my hands. Again, tasty, but I would reccomend making more of them, but at a smaller size so it is less crust/carb heavy. My grandmother got the Rigatoni. She said it was good but didn't finish it. I'm personally not a big fan of places that make a pasta that my italian family could make at home, probably better. Especially in an Italian heavy area like Mamaroneck. My dad got the club car burger and it was quite large. In terms of bugers, he said it was good but nothing to write home about. I was infinitely jealous of my brother's order--the butternut squash ravioli. I'm not a big fan of squash and I thought it would NOT pair well with seafood. Well--I was wrong. As far as food goes, this was the DEFINITE highlight of the meal!! The brown saged butter made the scallops taste sweet and soft and the lobster with the squash was perfect. I highly reccomend this dish, even though it is one of the more costly ones.
DO NOT come here if you have CELIAC disease or are Gluten-free. We asked if they could accommodate gluten free when we made our reservations. When we sat down we asked our waiter to let us know what items were gluten free because we had an ALLERGY. Then when he took our orders, we asked him to mark gluten free on the check. We asked when our food arrived if it was gluten free and the waiter ran back to the kitchen and came back saying "yes, gluten-free". Well, there was gluten. MY NIECE BECAME SICK BEFORE WE LEFT THE RESTAURANT!! When I spoke to the "manager" he said it's not his fault because we never used the words "celiac disease " and some people just don't eat gluten as a diet. So what you're saying is, if someone says the word "allergy" but not "celiac" you'll knowingly feed them gluten? You'll be lucky if we don't sue. What they fed us that they said was gluten free : escargot , calamari, spring rolls, pesto crusted fish. Both the manager and hostess were totally belligerent and should be fired. (Old, bald, Italian guy & middle aged brunette named Susan).
While I was underwhelmed by the food here, I was thoroughly impressed by the service and atmosphere. To start, this restaurant, in a coverted  train station, is stunning. There are brick walls, large windows, half moon tables, bronze ceiling tiles and industrial lighting. Some design magazine should get to this restaurant ASAP. On one of the rare occasions where my whole family could be together, we came here for dinner. We were seated promptly, although we showed up about 15 minutes before our reservation. The table was pulled out for us, and the waiter arrived shortly after. Then we were never without bread refills, water refills ect. Because they were out of the wine I wanted, the waiter brought me a different wine to try. When I didn't like it, he happily brought it back and gave me a cocktail. The cocktail was strong - so strong it took me all evening to drink. Not too delicious, but, there was bang for the buck. The beer list here isn't great. But, the wine list is impressive. All of the starters were fabulous. I had a salad, which was well dressed (not to much, not too little) and with fresh veggies. I also enjoyed the calamari. The garlic bread was awesome. I was less enthused with my main course. I got a special which was steak, lamb and sausage covered in a citrus bbq sauce. Unfortunately, said bbq sauce was ordinary bbq sauce, and all it did was take away from the flavor of the meat its self, so it was a poorly thought out concept. My brother thought his steak was way too tough. The tiramisu dessert was delicious and the portion very large. Overall, the appetizers and desserts were very good. The food was not of the quality I'd want for the price. Service was excellent, and the atmosphere is lovely.
Food was delicious and cooked perfectly. Service and ambience great! A unique place and worth a special night out.
This is now the third time I've been here, but the first time for Sunday brunch. I have to say that dinner is a better option here. Brunch is supremely over priced. I'm glad someone else was picking up the tab. I loved the fact that they had shrimp on the buffet, but they turned out to be tasteless. Probably frozen. Service was great, but then the guy paying is a regular and an over-tipper, so the wait staff is tripping over themselves to get a piece of the action. This is a gorgeous space and probably a great place to take a date. I don't know what the bar scene is like, but it sure looks cool! But bottom line, if you're looking for great food, you might be disappointed here.
Fairly new to the Westchester dining scene Club Car offers a very pleasant - though somewhat expensive - dining experience. Comfortably seated in this large brick style train station type dining area with crystal chandeliers (a wonderful setting)  you're immediately welcomed with a basket serving of  tastefully unique thin toasted garlic parmigiana bread. Appetizers shared from an extensive menu included  Empanadas Peccadillo. A lite flavorful dish accompanied with a black bean and avocado salad. Equally satisfying - Cashew Crusted Calamari with a peanut dipping sauce. Quality and quantity the two appetizers were more than enough for the three of us. Our mains included the Pesto Crusted Arctic Seabass with an assorted beet type salad. Although subdue - it was a refreshing choice as the fish was perfectly cooked. The Peppercorn Crusted Tuna was tastefully strong & a touch too spicy but with the soba noodles - it worked. As did the Bone in New York Sirloin ($48 - yikes) with mashed potatoes. Cooked medium well - as requested - we wondered if the steak could be finished. It was - along with the potatoes. Service was fine all evening although our tables took a while to be cleared which is noticeable at a fine dining establishment. Groupon voucher provided a nice savings - if still available it s/b purchased. Under little things matter - Through online reservation I requested a quiet table for three to celebrate my sons return from college. Upon entering the Hostess "welcomed" my son home. Nice...
club car no longer accepts groupon!! Too bad that they don't mention that until your seated. The manager (Alan) informed us that we would be paying full price tonight. The thing that I don't understand is if they wanted our business, why wouldn't they offer us a free drink or an appetizer to get  us to stay and dine. The décor is very appealing, but I guess they don't want 'groupon types' dinning there. if your not over 65 years old or part of the 1%, your obviously not welcome at the Club Car.I feel disrespected and annoyed with their attitude.
I am going based on my experience a lone on this one, since my girlfriend was not apart of this outing. It was a business dinner, and we were in a large group. Some did not care about there meal, and some enjoyed it. As far as me? I was a fan. From the start the place was very fancy looking, and the ambience was great. The bread and butter (well toated butter bread) was nice and crunchy and very buttery; cant ever be mad at that. I had 2 cucumber basil Gimlet that did the trick, an appetizer and an entree. Portions are very big for a fine dining spot, so dessert was out of the question. I ordered the escargot, which were tasty, garlicky and buttery, and the Pork Loing wrapped in Bacon. It was topped with Foie gras, and served with truffle mash and asparagus. Very  hearty and manly dish there if I should say... haha. I also ordered a side of mushrooms. I cannot complain on how pricey it all was, since it was taken care of, which I really really appreciated. Had an excellent time with the entire team that we went out with, and hopefully we will repeat this another time.
Stunning decor.  Our old school waiter was charming and patient with our last member in the party who  arrived almost an hour late.  Idiot. Wine recommendations were right on the money.   We all had our hearts set on the foie gras but the girl who informed us about the specials (hostess? manager?) neglected to tell us that they were sold out. Frankly she was the sore thumb of the whole place.  She did not fit in, had a thick accent and did not know the preparation of the specials.  They needed someone with some style and sophistication doing her job. But...our waiter was great and the food was quite delicious. I plan on returning very soon..
I've just returned from lunch with my husband and enjoyed our meal but the prices are very high and the regular menu leans to dinner courses.  If you want something on the lighter side you must go with the prix fixe at $29.  There were about 4 appetizer and a soup option for the first course and a good amount of choices for the second course.  The third course is their full dessert menu handed to you after you are done with your entree.  Dessert is not listed on the prix fix menu. For starts we shared the Caesar salad with bay scallops which sounds odd but it said crispy so I wanted to try it.  They were lightly breaded and far from crispy and I smelled them when the plate was sat in front of me.  Not the best start.  Let me go back, I ordered a glass of Reisling and while the stemware was huge the water brought it over in a very small carafe and poured it in the glass.  The wine portion was the only part of the meal that was less than satisfying.  A small basket of long cuts of bread slathered in oil and garlic were good.   OK so back to our appetizers.  The Caesar salad had a nice parmasean crip so inspite of the scallops it was good.  My husband had a fried peanut encrusted calamari dish that was Asian inspired and very good.  It came with a peanut dipping sauce the was so good I dipped my scallops in it.   For lunch my husband had the duck and orzo.  Duck was very flavorful although cooked well done.  He was not asked how he wanted the meat cooked.  It almost bordered overcooked but it was saved probably by a few minutes.  The orzo had a declicious flavor.  I ordered the lobster on a broiche bun which said it was a 1/14 lb lobster.  There was very little meat in the roll and being a broiche bun it overpowered the lobster which was flavorless.  It had a bit of mayo and way to many sliced celery.  I peeled off the bun and at the salad and still hadn't much flavor.  The fries were well cooked.  For dessert I had the Tirimasu martini and it was really decadent and a very big serving.   Overall, if money is not an object and you live in the area I would recommend it but we live in Yonkers and given the prices I'd rather eat at X2O.  Sorry but this is my review so I have to call it as I see it.
We had dinner here last night and thoroughly enjoyed the wine and food. Our waiter, Peter, was very experienced and  a great waiter! I had the lobster roll, fully  1 1/2 lbs of lobster, laced with a small amount of mayo. It was served on a hamburger roll, surprising, but salad and fries on the platter were both delicious. My husband had a  ravioli dish that was interesting. A large scallop sat on top of each ravioli, 5 of them, and half a lobster completed the plate. We had a French Pinot, the least expensive on the list, but delicious and paired well with the meal. We didn't finish our bottle of wine so it was closed up and my husband carried it out the door to take home, something NY State allows. The manager was alerted and  took the bottle from Neal, telling him they didn't allow it because it was "against the law". Neal protested in vain. Today he is headed back there to speak to the owner so he can educate  his manager. We would have given another star was it not for the above experience. Today: my husband returned to the restaurant to "review" NY State law that allows you to cork and take home the rest of a bottle of wine you did not drink with dinner. The bartender knew the law but the manager was uninformed. Neal spoke to the owner who not only gave my husband a brand new bottle of the wine we had last night, but also invited us back for a meal "on the house".
My husband and I had an early reservation (630pm) at Club Car on a Saturday night. We had a decent experience, but thought it was a little overpriced. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess. The room is beautiful, and I kept thinking it would be a nice space for a private event. They gave us some yummy garlic bread to start, and we also ordered some cocktails. My husband had a whiskey cocktail from the menu that he really liked.  For an appetizer, my husband had oysters, which he enjoyed, and I had the stuffed clams which were ok. I didn't realize how much sausage there was going to be in the stuffed clams and there was too much fennel for my taste. For entrees, my husband had the duck which he thought was very salty, and I had the whole wheat pasta with shrimp and veggies which was good. We split the Caribbean sundae for dessert and it was huge- it could have fed 4 people! In general the restaurant has a NYC vibe to it. The noise level was fine, there was nice music in the background. The tables along the perimeter are really packed in tight together, so you may have the unfortunate experience (as we did) of having to basically share a meal with one if the many super rich, plastic surgery-riddled "real housewives of westchester county" types who eat here en masse. There were several people within earshot of my table that I literally wanted to punch. Of course, the clientele isn't the restaurant's fault, but thought someone would want to know what to expect. We thought the service was just fine and very friendly. We liked this place well enough, but maybe not enough to go back a second time. If we are going to spend that much money again, we want to be really "wowed" by the food, and the Club Car was just "good."
We were rushed out on a Sunday. They should not take reservation at 830pm when kitchen closes at 9:00 as I was told"kitchen closing".. We could not really enjoy our meal because we were reminded more than once that they will miss the train and we needed to order and pay. I thought that was rude. Other than that: Excellent ambiance, good food, good prices. A second chance will be given and I will reconsider the rating after.
I really wanted to like this place but I have to list a few complaints here: * Bread sucked * Hair in soup * 45 wait for a sandwich * Limited lunch menu * Overpriced *Never informed Minestrone soup had seafood in it On the up side..the wait staff was very nice and the place is absolutely GORGEOUS! Unfortunately looks might not pay the rent
Early on a Wednesday, service was decent- at best. The place was not even crowded. The food was pretty good. My friend and I shared crab, shrimp and lobster to start and then a cheddar and onion burger. The shellfish was so fresh, beautiful presentation too. The burger was cooked nicely and very tasty. Yummy fries too;) I will definitely try it again hoping for better service. We waited 20 minutes to be approached by a server. The restaurant is so beautiful. I am looking forward to an even better experience next time.
GORGEOUS place.  Delicious (expensive) drink.  WAAAAAY pretencious.   After waiting 10 min. (place wasnt crowded) they did me a favor and provided me with a drink menu only after I asked for one.  Even the wait staff thinks theyre gracing you with their presence.  Beautiful place, food smelled great, but the vibe was so bad it wasnt worth staying to find out.
Really a comfortable feel as soon as you walk in. It gave off the feel of an "old school" men's club. Dark leather, chandeliers, etc. I loved the look. Sat at the bar waiting for our friends. My husband went to order a beer and the bartender was very quick to make a suggestion. Spot on recommendation. We were seated shortly after. We asked for bread and they were not so quick to bring it, but the place was quite crowded for a Saturday night. Sea Bass was exceptional as the 2 men stated. I had penne wheat pasta which was really good. I loved this place, I will be back. And on a side note, as we were getting ready to leave it was still VERY crowded with what seemed like a long wait for tables and a DJ was setting up.
I have no idea why anyone who is NOT a commuter would go out of their way to dine here!  Poor service & even worse food!  I don't mind paying high prices- but restaurant needs to deliver.  Space is great seems like would make a better Thursday or Friday afternoon bar scene!
First impression, not a fan of the hostess. The decor is excellent & the whole idea behind it is genius. We started out with a round of drinks (mostly margaritas) & they were excellent. We followed up the drinks with empanadas, quesadillas, chopped salad, & baked clams. The appetizers were awesome & I highly recommend the empanadas & quesadillas. The main course was also very good. I ordered the Filet Mignon with shrimp & it was cooked to perfection. Another person in our party ordered the pork chop special & they couldn't stop talking about how great it was. The only negative I encountered was the lobster roll, which was good, but it could have had a little more taste to it. The caribbean dessert was good &  I would recommend it. Service was ok, definitely room for improvement. Pricey as expected. Would return again for a special occasion.
We've been twice, and between ourselves and our dining companions we've covered a lot of the fairly concise menu.  Pork chop, steak, hamburger, chopped salad, empenadas, plaintains-with-seafood ... all great, heard no complaints on balance of menu.  Straightforward and well-executed.  Concise and inexpensive wine list with no issues I've seen.  Beer list is too short -- needs a few more drafts and many more bottles. The space is a disused 19th Century mainline commuter rail station house -- big, high-ceilinged, open, which has been transformed into a handsome, lively and noisy dining and bar space.  The bar area's been packed when we've been there, as have the two dining areas flanking the bar.  Service was smooth despite the crowds.  Diners were your typical lower Westchester couples and groups of couples in their 30s to their 70s. Very nice advantage of this space is that, sitting in the midst of the Mamaroneck Metro-North commuter parking lot, there is tons of free night and weekend parking right by the door, which is a big advantage over other downtown Mamaroneck, Larchmont, Scarsdale (etc.) restaurants where parking can be a pain if valet isn't offered. Around 11 p.m. on the weekend evenings we've been there they make sharp turn to transform the place into a nightclub -- many tables cleared away, husky guys with earphones manning the door, suburban-nightclub music pumping.  Can't comment on the scene as all of this was happening on our way out.  Over time I expect a weekday 7 p.m. cocktail-before-you-go-home scene to develop as well...
Two people - split an entree, 3 drinks each, with tip it was $ 150. So not worth it!!
I really wanted to like this place.It has such a beautiful atmosphere.But the service was just sketchy.Upon arriving we noticed although there were obviously empty tables in front of us and we had reservations they still directed us to wait off to the side,that lasted about 10 minutes  They didn't have the any Malbec in the house even though it was on the menu,so I had to go with the Merlot,it was acceptable..i ordered the cassoulet and sad to say I was disappointed,and before I had finished the busboy approached me twice to take my plate,really?The table next to me orders steaks and the looked amazing and they did seem to be enjoying them.I must say I did enjoy my my salad and my wine.then we ordered coffee,that was fine, then we ordered dessert, then we waited and waited,no dessert.they had forgot to place our order,for these prices I really think the service could be better. My dinner companion stated that we were in a hurry and to forget the dessert.they rushed it out to us and said it was on the house, but that really didn't console her. Well,maybe I will give them another try The steak did look amazing and the people at the next table were enjoying it.
So,,,After a long time out,,,We did, Decor,,,Super,They really did a good job,,,,,Big  money,,, Service,,They are not happy to see you feeling,,,,, Food,Expensive and nothing more,,,
Been dying to get here since it opened. I was fascinated to see the finished product of the long renovation of the mamaroneck train station. It is really beautiful inside. And the bar is something above and beyond looks wise. We had an appointment but we had a drink at the bar first. The bartender was quick and very professional yet she was wearing a super tiny black dress. This place turns into a club/lounge at about 11 so i guess the girls stay on for that shift. The blood orange margarita was really good. My husband wasnt impressed with the beer selection. Barely anything bottle wise. Bud, heineken.... boring. But on tap they have guiness, captain lawrence- and others. Ok we are promptly seated. The place is packed. The host Danny was friendly and found at us the bar when our table was ready. The waiter promptly came over read us specials. Something that struck me immediately (and I like it when a message comes across clearly in a business) was this place felt classy yet also bustling (like a train station)!! Whan a table gets up - the table is cleared and gorgeously set up again within a minute. I watched it happen over and over again. Everything was wonderful. I really have no complaints except maybe the menu is a little on the small side. My husband had filet mignon and i had the sirloin- done perfectly. The sides were great- mashed potatos and creamed broccoli rabe . It is a cool place, with good service and good food so I will definately be back. And next time i will try the burgers which looked outrageous!
My husband and I decided to stop by for a drink before our night out. We've been dying to check this place out - Georgeous...what an atmosphere. I had 2 cosmos and my husband had 3 beers, $50. Kind of pricy, huh. But we are definitely coming back for dinner. I would say reservations are a must for a Saturday night. By 7:00 people were pouring through the doors, thank god we had seats at the bar.
The old Mamaroneck Station. The place looks great and is really well proportioned. Small bar & large restaurant. Both are excellent. I had the steak and I can tell you I have had no better, anywhere (who'd have thought that). Great service and not really that expensive for what you get. You should try it once, at least. The Map for some reason puts it in Portchester, it is NOT, it is in Mamaroneck. Have fun.
We headed to the Club Car restaurant on a Saturday night. It was incredibly busy but the atmosphere was great. It's an old railway station building that's been remodeled and anyone who's a fan of architecture will love the tin ceiling and original fittings. After a drink at the bar we were given a great table. After looking through the menu I decided on a veal marrow with sweetbreads for an appetizer and the cassoulet for a main course. V went with a lobster cocktail and the filet mignon with shrimp. The appetizers were weird. The food was ok but the portions were ridiculously large and the plating for the lobster cocktail made it extremely difficult to eat. I was full after just the starter and we still had the main course to go. Looking around at other tables and the number of doggy bags was ridiculous. Again the portions of main courses, particularly for the steaks was on the extreme side. My cassoulet was ok and V liked hers but by the time we had finished we were stuffed. The wine list was comprehensive and covered a lot of price points. Overall the setting was high end dining but the portions made it feel like a family buffet. We'd like to head back at some point but hopefully they make the portions more appropriate to the type of restaurant this is trying to be.
We had been here for dinner before, and liked it well enough to return, but don't think we'll be back anytime soon.  First, the GOOD:  apps of burrata with eggplant caponata and portabellas with goat cheese were divine, accompanied by the fresh from the oven garlic toasts.  We (party of 5) shared a chopped salad and a Caesar salad, also excellent.  The decor is stunning and service was friendly and professional.  The BAD:  three dishes were unsatifactory, especially considering this price range.  The lobster bisque was cold and ridiculously over-salted -- even by the salt-loving standards of the person who ordered it.  A side of sauteed mushrooms was also super salty.  The veal Milanese was over-cooked and tough, perhaps because it had been pounded too thin.  A shared tira misu for dessert was tasty.   A pity that the food is not consistently good.  We said something to the manager at our departure, but there was no effort made to respond in a pro-active way.
Beautiful space but the attitude is a bit much.  As has been reported by others, the service was slow - so slow we gave up on ever ordering food.  I hope to return and give an actual review.
My husband and I felt like a splurge last Saturday night so we went to the Club Car.  The place is truly beautiful.  It feels like a grand room from the belle époque.  However, the service was a little snooty.  The waiter never smiled..we felt like he hated us which was a bummer.  At that price hate me but hide it.  I liked the food but hubby did not.  The reason is that it was rather hot ( cayenne pepper) and pretty salty. While I was ok with that my husband was not impressed.  We had crab cakes which were good to me but on the other hand they were laden with cayenne and served lukewarm which was a bummer.  Next we had lobster bisque, again cayenne laden and salty.  I liked it he did not.  For the main we had stuffed filet of sole which was fine but not outstanding.  This could be a great place and I really want it to succeed as a native of Mamaroneck it brings a certain level of cache.  First they have to train the waitstaff to smile.  Next they should reconsider using hot pepper in everything.  After all, "Some like it hot!".   Others, not so much.
I was so disappointed, and we most certainly won't be back. The ambience is nice, beautiful decor but that's just about all this restaurant has going for it. We had the baked little neck clams for our appetizer, they were a little salty, but good. I asked our waitress for suggestions, and what she thought of a special and she couldn't seem to give me an answer for either. I also had a question about the sauce my entree was served in and she told me the wrong thing. He ordered the filet mignon, it came with a very heaping portion of creamed spinach, and a very small portion if steak and no au jus sauce as the menu stated. It was cooked perfectly medium rare, but had no taste, and for $50 I'm expecting amazing. I ordered the mushroom ravioli in morel sauce with goat cheese. I had to hold back a laugh when my 5 raviolis were served. No vegetable no side just 5 ravioli with a tiny crumble of goat cheese on one ravioli. The morel sauce which our waitress had first said was a steak sauce then corrected herself saying it was a mushroom sauce was neither. It was a brown sauce which was very bland, it didn't even appeal to my boyfriend to try and spruce up his steak. The bus woman tried to clear my boyfriends plate before he was finished, I felt rushed. When the waitress came to ask how the food was I let her know I was disappointed and thought it was bland and monotonous with no side to break the flavor of the ravioli. She seemed surprised and said she would let the chef know, and asked if we would like to see the dessert menu which we said we did. The dessert menu was nothing impressive. I asked for the check she brought it over and wished us a good night. At no point did a manager come over to ask what was unsatisfactory, or offer an apology, if they had I probably wouldn't have written this review and wrote it off as a bad night for their kitchen. But their lack of customer service skills was really the straw that broke the camels back. The bill came to $120 that was with a glass if wine each, and I left the restaurant hungry which was a first for me.
The experience started with the bartender breaking a glass on the bar, and ignoring the large broken shards amidst the food and drinks. When settling up the tap the bartender reminded me that Christmas was the time for giving.  Unfortunately the table service did not get better, with 4 people dining, each meal was served separately, and 4th person repeatIy asking for their meal. When finally served, the fish entree was under cooked. The management offered a round a drinks for the table as an apology, but only provided drinks for 2 people at our table of four. Then only to be rushed. They should not take reservation at 800pm when kitchen closes at 9:00. While the ambiance is quite nice, I would not go back again for a second chance. Too many restaurants in the area with ambiance, better food, and far superior service. Too bad, I really was looking forward to the experience, but was left stranded at the station.
Elegant interior but so-so food with poor service.
The renovation is absolutely beautiful. When you walk in, you feel it immediately. Unfortunately, the staff that greets you seems to have other ideas. I've eaten here 3 times now with reservations and each time the host and hostess made us wait close to 15-20 minutes to get a table. Was it because it was overcrowded? No. Tables were open on each occasion but they either wanted us to order drinks at the bar or they were incompetent. That being said, the food is for the most part amazing. Escargot is mind blowing and Oysters were very fresh. The meat and fish dishes, except for the Salmon, were well above average. The big problem is the service. It's just inconsistent. On 2 out of 3 visits it was below average and it shouldn't be for a restaurant like this. If they don't get the service end of the deal straight, this place will be out of business in another year and that is a shame because the food, location and building are awesome. I'll go back, but probably only 1 more time. I will update my review when I do.
I wanted to like this place also.  Space is beautifully renovated and very striking when you walk in.  The hostesses were very welcoming and seated us quickly but when the rest of our party arrived about 5 minutes later, they were told we weren't there, and were kept waiting for 10 minutes until we texted them at the bar!  Initially the waitress was attentive but soon became invisible unless we called her over. I suspect that on a very busy and crowded Saturday night, she and the kitchen were overwhelmed.  Especially the kitchen! The length of time between courses was an unacceptable 15-20 minutes, probably more.  We did not have steak knives or necessary plates prior to the entrees being delivered and after asking twice, finally got them.  There were a lot of people running around with no apparent purpose.  This place needs a refresher course in Service Staff 101. The appetizers were all quite large, very good overall.  Entrees were mixed in quality.  The porterhouse special was very nicely done.  Red snapper special was tasty but was delivered as a mess on the plate after a special request was made to have it deboned in the kitchen - it was still full of bones and made for an unhappy guest.  I had the duck breast which varied from burned to dried out to moist - the accompanying risotto was overly salted and slopped on the plate.  Not pretty at all and not particularly tasty.  I didn't enjoy it.  The manager tried his best to make it better and kindly sent over 2 complimentary desserts to the table, but we just didn't love Club Car.  Finally, the music was incredibly loud which with the poor acoustics made it impossible to hear the person next to you.  Sadly I don't think we will go back.
