I used to go here almost every weekend! Cool place. Italian specialties. It would take me an hour to list everything I buy here. All delicious and authentic Italian food! Thanks Mike!
On Sunday afternoon we had lunch here, ordered sandwich and rice ball. Their size were huge so we shared them and had enough . I love their riceball.
Mike's Deli is the absolute best!  Everyone that works there is so nice especially  the dynamic personality by the name of Curt.  He looks like a young Danny Aiello and makes the best fresh mozzarella around.  Everything I've ever had here has been fresh and delicious and the wonderful personalities keep me coming back.  Don't miss this experience!
What a wonderful experience to go to Mike's Deli on Arthur Ave in the Bronx!  My friend who is Italian told me that this is the best deli outside of Italy.  I went and met Kurt who was so welcoming. We enjoyed his animated style with a sincere smile, making recommendations with a passion that makes an experience memorable.  Each person that waited on us was warm and helpful, always offering us samples before we made our final selection.  Every meat was so fresh and flavorful, true delicacies. They have barrels of olives, dried tomatoes, capers and the like, as well as homemade tomato sauce and fruit infused balsamic vinegars for your tasting pleasure.  Our favorite is Cherry Infused Balsamic Vinegar!  But for me, nothing compared to their homemade mozzarella, which was so fresh and delicious it made you want to buy more cheese than you could ever eat!  A true find!!  Thank you.
Grabbed lunch out here with a co-worker after an event.  Ordered the cold antipasto, which would have been great with wine, but had to settle for aranciata.  We also ordered the veal parm and virgin mary roll, which both were good, though the veal parm was better.  I also liked the pasta side salad that came with it.  The service was good and the only thing I would have liked is the antipasto coming out before the sandwiches we ordered.  Minor thing and shouldn't take away from the food, which we both enjoyed.
A great place to shop! Everything is fresh. They sell many imported products from Italy. Their food is delicious ! Come hungry and shop!
Mike's Deli (signs also says Grieco's) stuffed all the way in the back corner of the Arthur Avenue Market is a serious throwback to my childhood growing up in Manhattan's Little Italy when stores like this abounded.  Family businesses and traditions were handed down through the generations.  Now they're being replaced by trendy restaurants and hipster coffee bars. So it's refreshing to still have a place where the fresh mozzarella is pulled out of the vats before your eyes and you can get a great homemade chicken or eggplant parmigiana sandwich on a crusty Italian hero.  All the while, you hear Dave and the guys chatting up the customers and yelling orders back and forth.  I've been here when it was both super busy & quiet, but the level of activity behind the counter is always the same, hectic & fast paced. Don't miss their pizza rustica, focaccias or stuffed breads.  Those & the hero sandwiches are perfect for a day of picnicking at the park or the nearby Bronx Zoo and Botanical Garden.  If you can sneak some of Mike's sandwiches into Yankee Stadium, more power to you.  All the bleacher creatures will be drooling down your neck while you're eating your sandwiches.
I so wanted this to be a 5 but in the last 30 seconds at the counter I changed my mind. What we ordered-Paula Dean grinder- filled with Italian meats.... Outrageously delicious although $12 was very high. Two rice balls- probably the best thing I have eaten in a long time. Generous sized about the size of a baseball, lightly fried, saffron rice, peas, some type of meat and since we ate it there, topped with a teeny tiny (could have been larger as I saw other plates that had a big slab) of fresh mozzarella. Fried artichokes -by far better than the ones I had in the Jewish Ghetto of Rome. Stuffed artichoke- this was a 2 star for me, there was really no artichoke but only the meat stuffing. This was our first time to Arthur avenue coming from a small town. We ordered in line so we could see what they had on display, no problem so far. Asked for the rice balls and sandwich to be heated, ok so far.  Sat and ate at the tables and then noticed they had waitress service. After our meal I went back up to buy lots to go.  ($100 worth) The big guy about 6 ft 4" who works in the deli asked me why I was ordering something to eat here up in the line (I had to have another heated rice ball) and told me there is table service for eating with a waitress, grilled me on why I didn't order my meal from her.  I told him that I didn't notice when we first arrived that there were tables and a waitress as we just got in line. I found him to be a little rude and condescending so this and the dry artichoke is the 4 stars.
Yum. Paula Deen's Special is heaven sent. The proscuitto de parma and hot sopressata duo is delicious if you like a little kick in your sandwich. The meat is shaved to a perfect, practically see-through thickness. Fitting meat to bread ratio. The addition of radicchio, mozzarella, sun-dried tomatoes and truffle oil, takes this sandwich to an inimitable level. If that wasn't enough, I got the Eggplant Parmigiana too. It was delicious - perfectly breaded eggplant, gooey melted mozzarella and you can literally taste the homemade in the marinara sauce! Some have complained about prices---sometimes you have to pay a little more for quality. Definitely quality at Mike's.
The Eggplant Parm sandwich is fantastic! The bread, cheese, the sauce, everything works very well together. Very tasty.
The BEST deli on Arthur Ave! Be sure to get one or two of the "throw down" eggplant dinners to take home. The family will love you. Lots of "barrel" foods to purchase & their sandwiches are incredible.
Review is for the Tough Guy hero ($8), probably the best sandwich I've had since moving to NYC 18 months ago, except perhaps for Katz's, which isn't a fair comparison. First off, it's huge - nearly a foot long and thick as a brick. Delectable salty slices of prosciutto and salami envelop fabulously oily sun-dried tomatoes, a sheet of silky fresh-cut mozzarella and two thin slabs of crispy fried eggplant. 100% Win.
I'm glad this place is still standing in respect to NYC gentrification. When I visit my aunt in Canarsie, the neighborhood changed. Remember Grabsteins? I could go on and on. Anyway, Mikes Deli. Bronx. Still standing! I made a wrong left turn at Albuquerque with my wife's cousin to get here but when we arrived we hit the sweet spot baby.. I'm in Italian market heaven!!  I ordered some "gabbagoul" on a nice hero.  Everything is right with the world. Back to Long Island and wonder bread...
A friend recommended this place to me; my sister and I went on a not-busy Tuesday afternoon after going to the Bronx Zoo and sampled a few things.   The tomato-mozzarella appetizer was delicious  ($8) - thick slices of fresh mozzarella on top of bread with tomato, olive oil and a rich balsamic vinaigrette (the GOOD kind, not the cheap stuff).   A huge portion of eggplant parmesan ($10) did not disappoint; it was easily some of the best eggplant parm I've ever had. We also tried a panini sandwich with prosciutto and mozzarella on foccacia bread ($12) - again, a big portion loaded with meat and cheese. Overall was very impressed with the quality of the food & the customer service.  Will definitely venture back to Arthur Ave. and Mike's Deli for my future Italian food cravings!
these reviews are very generous to a place that is highly over rated. I lived in little italy in the Bronx for over 20 plus years, I worked in the Arthur Avenue market and i would first say that this place has an attitude problem, Not very friendly people. IF i wrote what i have heard, it would be deleted so i will not. I stopped buying many years ago after buying a pound of meat and taking it home and weighing it and it was usually 7/8 of a pound or thereabouts. They are very pricey and also very unfriendly....
Best buffala mozzarella ever! Mike is also a very friendly guy. We had the best Italian Paninis ever too. SO big the size of a football field.. haha maybe not quite but still pretty impressive!
We had lunch here the other day and it was a scene straight out of the Sopranos. Two older Italian guys behind us speaking 75% Italian, and 25% English complete with the word "F***" and "F***ing" to start off each sentence. To top it off they were talking about someone named Corrado! Anyhow, great sandwiches. The guys behind the counter are friendly and like to crack jokes. Great selection of salamis & cheeses.
Normally I would stop in Mike's because of its solid approach to sandwiches and soups.  There used to be a care and high standard in the quality of the food being produced here. Unfortunately, in the last year or two things have gone down.  The pasta fagioli is inconsistent (depending on what day or who is making it) and orders that are delivered have things (such as spoons or dressing) missing making your lunch hour even shorter by having to find a way to get utensils. My last attempt at ordering food here was also squashed by the absurd delivery fee of $15.00. Who charges this much for two salads and a sandwich to be delivered 3 blocks away?!
I'm from Brooklyn so when I hear about touristy Arthur Avenue in the Bronx, I mock.  We have 18th Avenue and 86th Street in Brooklyn, as well as a million other authentic Italian food stores, we don't need to be in guidebooks to be the best. So one day when I got lost in the Bronx (seriously) and accidentally ended up on Arthur Avenue, I tried to remember the place featured on Bobby Flay's Throwdown.  Despite its appearance on the show, I wasn't expecting much.   It was offff the hizoooook.  I bought blocks of parmesan, pounds of imported meats, and one of the best eggplant parmesans I've ever had in my life.  The guy behind the counter was incredibly knowledgeable and guided me to things I may not have chosen, like their incredible homemade ricotta cheese and their artichokes. Mike's Deli should move to Brooklyn.  The Bronx doesn't deserve them.
Nestled inside the indoor market built by Laguardia nearly a century ago, Mike's Deli lives up to the legendary setting. The market itself has a few delis, pastry shops, butchers, etc and its easy for newcomers to confuse mike's with one of the other eateries inside the market. just look for the most crowded counter, and nine times out of ten, it'll be mike's. Grab a paper menu and try not to second guess yourself - everything I've tried on the menu is fantastic - from the award winning eggplant parmigiana of bobby flay fame to the the heros - still have yet to try the pastas or salads, but if you want an outstanding sandwich, you'll find it here. Mind blowingly fresh ingredients with flavor to match. some menu items are more creative than others, but they always let the quality ingredients speak for themselves. Personal favorite is the shrimp parmigiana. full disclosure, i'm a sucker for shrimp and this thing had some of the most succulent shrimp i've had in a while. plus it was done up parmigiana style. bliss
Best sandwich I've had in a long time. The plan was go to Red Rooster for an early Valentine's day dinner, but the menu and prices didn't interest me. And the reviews are terrible, so after a little searching, I came across Mike's Deli, the one from that episode of Throwdown. So we grabbed a car, and $15 later we were in the heart of Little Italy in the Bronx. It wasn't linen cloths and candles. It's marble tables in a market amongst racks of olive oil and canned tomatos. How romantic. To start we split a Julius Caesar salad, a REAL Caesar salad, anchovies, egg yolks, everything... It was amazing. I had the Mario's Special hero. It was grilled veal, prosciutto, parm, and fresh mozzarella on a toasted hero. I slowly enjoyed every bite. It took me back 25 years to a pizzeria I grew up near that made the best subs ever. My wife got the famous eggplant parmigiana. I finished part of it and it definitely lived up to it's reputation. Food and two drinks each, $26. Went across the street, bought some great pastries, then found the D train, so now we know how to get back, and explore Arthur Avenue some more.
I think my family and I were like many that watched the Throwdown episode, realized this place was close by and decided to come try it out. My parents both ordered the Eggplant Parmigian platter and I got the Chicken Parm hero. I tried some of my mom's eggplant which was really good! It didn't taste like Eggplant and the breading was very flavorful and there was lots of cheese. My chicken parm was pretty ok, the chicken had a good flavor and there was lots of it but the bread was ok and it came with some pasta on the side which was also ok. We ended up seeing the owner (who was on the Throwdown episode) and he asked me if my mom and I were sisters (we get that all the time). This place is in a little food market where you can get fresh meats, fruits, and hand rolled cigars. They've got the episode playing right in front of wher you order and I'd be proud too it was such a cool thing to have happen in the Bronx.
Best eggplant parmesan my wife and I have ever had!! Period!! Bobby Flay was right on this place. The tomato sauce was so well balanced; none of the ingredients over powered the actual eggplant that still had texture. I also had the Michelangelo sandwish (mozzarella and prosciutto), so simple but it allowed the pure flavors of the mozzarella and prosciutto to come through. Great bread too. They only use fresh mozzarella here, which makes all of the difference. Located deep in the Bronx but worth the trip from the City (#4 train, @ Fordham, and then an $8 cab ride). Bundle up, I was here Feb 2010 and it was cold!!
I lived in the Bronx for eight months now, and this is my first time visiting Arthur Avenue. I wish I had a time machine because I would have been a happier person if I found out about this place sooner. The existence of Mike's Deli makes the usual pizza and Chinese food which makes up about 98% of the Bronx cuisine choice more bearable. I got the Mike's Special sandwich. Now, to be fair, it's no muffaletta from New Orleans. However, the sheer amount and quality of the meats and cheese (ham, salami, capicola, provolone, mortadella and prosciutto)  put into that sandwich takes a special place in my heart. I cannot believe I have access to this in the Bronx. I am NEVER going to Subway again. The Mike's Special on a Hero is $10.00. A bargain for the quality. Thank you, (insert deity), for Mike's Deli. Now if the deity can make it open later than 5:00pm. That'll just be beautiful.
This place rocks. Yummy. It is cool that Bobby Flay had a throw-down here. The meats are fantastic.
I fell in love with Eggplant Parmigiana yesterday!   Planned a run to Arthur Ave for late lunch yesterday as I was close by in "The Bronx".  I did my usual Yelp research and landed at Mikes Deli for what turned out to be my transition from not liking Eggplant to OMG, I have to have another Eggplant Parmigiana sandwich immediately! Mikes deli in inside a wonderful Market called the Arthur Ave Retail Market.  Inside are several counters including a fantastic butcher shop, a real deal cigar store (hand rolled there), Italian provisions store, a T-shirt store and then Mike's Deli! There are a hand full of tables there that you can have waitress service or you can order a the counter.  As a first timer, my son and I had a seat and were waited on by a lovely young lady who was very helpful. For lunch I had to have their famous Eggplant Parm hero that was the featured Champion winner in a Food Network Bobby Flay Throwdown!  Dave Greco, the Chef at Mikes, was there and busy behind the counter.  He is definitely hands on and it shows (tastes)!  The Eggplant was gently fried, tender and full of flavor!  The hero bread was perfect and the sauce was finger licking delicious! My son ordered the Yankee Stadium Big Boy and it lived up to its name. A delicious Olive Foccacia bread stuffed with Mortadella, Ham, Salami, Capicola, Provolone, Fresh Mozzarella, lettuce and sweet red peppers - WOW!!!!! I need to get back there soon as there are about 20 other sandwiches I need to try.  Problem is, the freaking Eggplant Parm is so good that I wont know what to do!  A good problem to have and an Amazing Deli to eat at.  One of the best EVER!
I got a basket from Mike's Deli and upon arrival, 1/2 of the items were damaged.  I blame the postal company treating packages that are marked "fragile" like soccer balls.  Anyway, they resent everything that was damaged.  I couldn't be happier. I'd give them 5 stars but they are still out of this Olive Oil that I've been waiting for, for like a year.  Is it discontinued? Whats going on? Also, I'd probably give it 5 stars if I was local but I'm glad they have an online store.
This place is heavenly.  It is this little gem tucked away in a corner of the Italian market and it is the best find ever! I love Tino's; don't get me wrong.  Their pasta salads are way better, but Mike's has the best cold cuts ever.  If you're into the real Italian thing like sausage, prosciutto, capicola, etc. they are the place to go too. Not only are the people awesome that work behind the counter, but their sandwiches are huge and you can even get them on gigantic foccia bread.  I suggest the Yankee one, which is an italian combo.  Its expensive, but so worth it.  Plus, there is no way you're still hungry after you've inhaled one. I have met the owners and they have even been featured on the food network.  They are a great group of people and it doesn't hurt that their food is fantastic too!
Very goood sandwhiches. Only bad thing.. Over priced!!!!!!! I always get grilled chicken with fresh mozz and tomatoe on a club. Amazing! Def give it a try its worth the money.
Great selection and service with a smile.  Everything always fresh and delicious.  Kurt makes a great overstuffed sandwich!!! Can't go wrong here.  Thumbs up!! Bon Appetit !!
This is one of the best eggplant parms I've ever had (and I was raised Italian).  Crunchy but soft hero roll, gooey cheese, and tangy & sweet marinara sauce.  I feel like the servers don't speak english very well, but even so they were quite friendly.  They even gave us a round of Italian beer on the house at the end of our meal.  All said and done it was only $30 for four people. If you find yourself all the way out here, definitely make it a point to stop by.  The market seems really cool too, unfortunately it was closing as we finished our meal.
I've walked passed this place a hundred time and never bothered to order anything for some reason.  Finally tried it the other day and very glad I did.  Eggplant parm is, as everyone says, delicious.  My wife also got a mozz and soppressata sandwich, also very delicious. The real star here is the mozz for sure. The ball is huge, but don't worry, you are going to eat all of it...I promise.  I think I still prefer the mozz at Casa ( yelp.com/biz/casa-della-… ) slightly better, but it's a close call.  I think I'm going to do a side by side taste test soon, and I recommend you do as well, both are the best I've had.
Arthur Avenue strikes me as very touristy at times, but still a million times better than Little Italy. Although this place is most frequented by the hordes from Westchester who come on the weekends, at least the food here is still good. Mike's Deli is probably the most famous of these places, especially since it's feature on Bobby Flay's throwdown. I have to admit their sandwiches are good... Get the heroes toasted and you will have a nice crispy outside, with fresh cuts of meat and cheese doused with olive oil. One could probably find sandwiches just as good in the city or in Brooklyn, but I haven't found one yet. Plus I am a sucker for kitsch... and little old Italian people sitting outside yapping away in Italiano. If Little Italy is all you have ever seen of an "Italian neighborhood," then check out Arthur Avenue at least once. Get a zip car and make a trip out of it by driving to Pelham Park and City Island. All the stores are concentrated on 2 blocks and is easier to explore than South Brooklyn (where the stores tend to be very spread out... and probably more Russian now than Italian anyway)
I'm a native Bronxite who is older than I like to admit, but I go back 5 decades with Mike's and it's one of those institutions that I hope never goes away.  I remember when the "open air market" that it resides in was a bustling place full of Italian immigrants and kids like me, who came with their mothers and grandmas.  We would go to Mike's and come home with tons of cold cuts, bread, olives, peppers, cheeses, and other Italian delicacies.  I remember when you could only find Locatelli and Auricchio cheeses in Little Italy and there was no fresh olive bar in every supermarket.  And I remember the live market where my grandmother would buy a rabbit that she would have killed just for her.  But I digress.... Today Aurthur Avenue is but a shell of its former self, and only a few foodie institutions still exist, like Mikes, to take me back in time.  I was lucky enough to go there recently and see Mike himself, who is now an old man.  I remember him when I was a kid too. Truckloads of tourists come to this place and it is featured on TV every now and then.  I am actually happy that the family has been so instrumental in keeping the neighborhood institutions open and attracting people from far and wide.  If not for that, places like this would have likely disappeared by now. I admit that you have to have fortitude and conviction to get what you want at the counter.  A lot of the counter guys don't speak English and because this is the Bronx, you have to be a bit pushy to get what you want.  Don't be afraid to speak up and be a "character".  Make sure you tell them exactly how you want it, and ask them to show it to you before they wrap it up.  You won't be disappointed - THIS is what an Italian "HERO" is supposed to taste like!
Amazing Italian deli in the Bronx....from the fresh mozzarella being pulled right in front of the customers.....to the amazing salami, cured meats, and barrels of olives in brine.... A must if you are an American.
WOW, the eggplant was fantastic.  This is the third in a series of reviews I have done for my daughter's graduation.  The people at Mike's are always great, but it was interesting to see the catering side.  The woman (Diane?) who helped me was great and when I arrived, I they had my order waiting. What superlatives can I say about the eggplant that has not already been said?  Sliced thin and breaded, it eats more like a lasagna: moist, cheesy and a really good sauce!  The eggplant tray disappeared almost as soon as I put it out. I have been there several times before and the people who work there, especially the guy who runs the place (Dave?) are always very friendly and helpful.  I am a fan for life.
Excellent Italian deli in a little indoor shopping center of other fine eateries. Sandwiches are incredible and very filling. Our group also got free Peroni and some italian desserts, which was a nice touch. This was very close to Fordham, so I wish I went more often.
Though the sandwich was good it was nothing special. I can get just as good a sandwich in CT. I ordered veal and peppers on a hard roll but what I got was veal,peas,prosciutto and mozz. Though I liked it and ate the whole thing it was not what I ordered. My friends sandwich had peppered ham and said it had too much pepper,looked like someone spilled the pepper shaker with top off. We also shared a rice ball. It was just ok. Not sure if that's just how they are made in NY vs CT but it was very dry. I'm used to silky smooth soft rice balls (like they serve at Adriana's in New HAven)  WHen we finished eating we around the market and opposite Mikes is another deli. Didn't catch the name but it was packed with locals. Next time I will go there. I was mad I went to the overpriced tourist trap. 2 sandwiches on hard rolls,2 sodas,one rice ball. $33.00
What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said? After skimming the reviews, I can't help but notice that the most under-mentioned aspect about this place is the rice balls. Every time I'm by here, I always have to stop and get one....and then bring home at least five or six.
Get the eggplant parm.  Skip the pasta, and sandwich... grab the plate of eggplant, sauce and cheese. Best there is. Deli sandwiches are also out of this world.  The "Raging Bull" is my favorite, and my kids loved "The Terminator."  There's also a sandwich with broccoli rabe on it, which is also outstanding.  Hard to beat Mike's for a top lunch.
Technically I have never step foot in this place I have only ordered out so I am basing my review on this. I was doing some work at my school over the summer and my principal wanted to thank me and the other people working by ordering lunch for us. After a long debate on what to get because everything on the menu sounded delicious, I decided to get an Italian chicken sandwich with grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella, lettuce, tomato and Italian dressing. OMG. Heaven in my mouth. The flavors were so good, the mozzarella so fresh I ate the whole damn sandwich. if their food is half as good as this in the restaurant then I need to take hubby and go ASAP.
Great selection and service with a smile.  Everything always fresh and delicious.  Kurt makes a great overstuffed sandwich!!! Can't go wrong here.  Thumbs up!! Bon Appetit !!
Arthur Avenue strikes me as very touristy at times, but still a million times better than Little Italy. Although this place is most frequented by the hordes from Westchester who come on the weekends, at least the food here is still good. Mike's Deli is probably the most famous of these places, especially since it's feature on Bobby Flay's throwdown. I have to admit their sandwiches are good... Get the heroes toasted and you will have a nice crispy outside, with fresh cuts of meat and cheese doused with olive oil. One could probably find sandwiches just as good in the city or in Brooklyn, but I haven't found one yet. Plus I am a sucker for kitsch... and little old Italian people sitting outside yapping away in Italiano. If Little Italy is all you have ever seen of an "Italian neighborhood," then check out Arthur Avenue at least once. Get a zip car and make a trip out of it by driving to Pelham Park and City Island. All the stores are concentrated on 2 blocks and is easier to explore than South Brooklyn (where the stores tend to be very spread out... and probably more Russian now than Italian anyway)
I'm a native Bronxite who is older than I like to admit, but I go back 5 decades with Mike's and it's one of those institutions that I hope never goes away.  I remember when the "open air market" that it resides in was a bustling place full of Italian immigrants and kids like me, who came with their mothers and grandmas.  We would go to Mike's and come home with tons of cold cuts, bread, olives, peppers, cheeses, and other Italian delicacies.  I remember when you could only find Locatelli and Auricchio cheeses in Little Italy and there was no fresh olive bar in every supermarket.  And I remember the live market where my grandmother would buy a rabbit that she would have killed just for her.  But I digress.... Today Aurthur Avenue is but a shell of its former self, and only a few foodie institutions still exist, like Mikes, to take me back in time.  I was lucky enough to go there recently and see Mike himself, who is now an old man.  I remember him when I was a kid too. Truckloads of tourists come to this place and it is featured on TV every now and then.  I am actually happy that the family has been so instrumental in keeping the neighborhood institutions open and attracting people from far and wide.  If not for that, places like this would have likely disappeared by now. I admit that you have to have fortitude and conviction to get what you want at the counter.  A lot of the counter guys don't speak English and because this is the Bronx, you have to be a bit pushy to get what you want.  Don't be afraid to speak up and be a "character".  Make sure you tell them exactly how you want it, and ask them to show it to you before they wrap it up.  You won't be disappointed - THIS is what an Italian "HERO" is supposed to taste like!
Amazing Italian deli in the Bronx....from the fresh mozzarella being pulled right in front of the customers.....to the amazing salami, cured meats, and barrels of olives in brine.... A must if you are an American.
WOW, the eggplant was fantastic.  This is the third in a series of reviews I have done for my daughter's graduation.  The people at Mike's are always great, but it was interesting to see the catering side.  The woman (Diane?) who helped me was great and when I arrived, I they had my order waiting. What superlatives can I say about the eggplant that has not already been said?  Sliced thin and breaded, it eats more like a lasagna: moist, cheesy and a really good sauce!  The eggplant tray disappeared almost as soon as I put it out. I have been there several times before and the people who work there, especially the guy who runs the place (Dave?) are always very friendly and helpful.  I am a fan for life.
Though the sandwich was good it was nothing special. I can get just as good a sandwich in CT. I ordered veal and peppers on a hard roll but what I got was veal,peas,prosciutto and mozz. Though I liked it and ate the whole thing it was not what I ordered. My friends sandwich had peppered ham and said it had too much pepper,looked like someone spilled the pepper shaker with top off. We also shared a rice ball. It was just ok. Not sure if that's just how they are made in NY vs CT but it was very dry. I'm used to silky smooth soft rice balls (like they serve at Adriana's in New HAven)  WHen we finished eating we around the market and opposite Mikes is another deli. Didn't catch the name but it was packed with locals. Next time I will go there. I was mad I went to the overpriced tourist trap. 2 sandwiches on hard rolls,2 sodas,one rice ball. $33.00
What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said? After skimming the reviews, I can't help but notice that the most under-mentioned aspect about this place is the rice balls. Every time I'm by here, I always have to stop and get one....and then bring home at least five or six.
Get the eggplant parm.  Skip the pasta, and sandwich... grab the plate of eggplant, sauce and cheese. Best there is. Deli sandwiches are also out of this world.  The "Raging Bull" is my favorite, and my kids loved "The Terminator."  There's also a sandwich with broccoli rabe on it, which is also outstanding.  Hard to beat Mike's for a top lunch.
Great food at a great price! Definitely worth coming to and enjoying lunch with a friend.
This is the only place I found in Washington Heights that you can get a good bagel. With whitefish salad. And they have good muffins. Wish they delivered on weekends.
I took a beautiful woman to Arthur Ave for a nice Summer Italian afternoon. We stop in to visit Mike's Deli, and we try some Eggplant Parmigiana (which I'm typically not a fan of), and we destroyed it! We ended up dropping $45 on Eggplant Parmigiana ...not because it was minuscule in quantity, but because it was frickn AMAZING! All the way from Nutley NJ to the BX! It was worth it!
Yankee Stadium Big Boy! Best italian sandwich money could buy in all the 5  boroughs, which you could argue makes it the best in the world. Dave is a gentlemen and if you can catch him with 60 seconds to spare, would love nothing more than to talk about the neighborhood past and present.   Grab a sandwich, or even some parmesan, sopressata, olives and sit at the Bronx Beer Hall for a few pints.
Man. So much, so much to love about this place. I had such a special experience here.           I came to Mike's with my visiting friend Ema from Florence--I myself am an Italian Professor with a particular passion for Italian-AMERICAN stuff, so I kind of knew that *I* was going to like this place if it was any good. But with a visiting Italian I thought--"Will he think it's ridiculous? Inauthentic? Nothing like the motherland?". As y'all probably well know, Italian-AMERICAN is miles and miles away from modern Italian-FROM ITALY cuisine.             Anyhow, walking in to Mikes' we were greeted by David Greco, the owner and son of Mike. He could not have been warmer or friendlier. After taking a seat, I ordered their famous Eggplant Parm: four bucks, on a roll. Ema got an Pasta with a cream based sauce with peas and all kinds of other things. I was way nervous: Pasta? From a Deli? Served to a Florentine Italian? It's gonna be way too creamy, huge, AMERICAN for him. A hoagie with like sausage and peppers would be one thing, but Pasta??  I said nothing but was pretty sure he'd be disappointed.            Well, for starters, my eggplant parm was the best I have ever had. Ever. In my life. And I dont wan't to sound like a broken record,  but I am an Italian Professor, of Italian descent, who has spent lots of time in Italy.  The best I have ever had.            Ema was actually emotionally MOVED by the Pasta. I'm not kidding. Over and over he was like "I would have never expected to come to New York and taste something so familiar. A place like this would bring tears to the eyes of my father."  (Ema's family runs sort of the equivalent of a deli in a town just outside of Florence).  So his pasta--I didn't even get a bite. But he assured me it was amazing.           After, we went up to David to thank him, and when he understood Ema was Italian we switched into speaking Italian. He then told us which Barber to go to so Ema could get a mustache (Tony from Napoli, btw--who didn't allow him to pay, since we were "friends of David") and offered us fresh Ricotta Cheesecake: his Grandmother's recipe. Gratis, as well.           A truly wonderful experience. Meraviglioso!
Everything was great, great food great atmosphere but the only thing that irked me was that this big italian guy behind the counter started sweet talking my wife next thing you know hes giving her the whole spiel on his love life and that he takes cilasis and viagara and god knows what else. Other than that tho I love coming here!!!
Yikes,  went to Mike's and had a bummer of an experience.  To Mike's Deli credit, it was Xmas Eve and busy.  The hero's were paltry, the chicken cultets dry and hard.  I'll just give it up to the holiday season, since I know Mike's is better than that.  Also, skip the waitress service, just order from the deli, it's much faster and better.
Mike's still rocks, but I have a new discovery for you: The Mussolini sandwich. This salty delight may be a simple, three ingredient affair, but man oh man, I have never had anything like this before. The hero starts out innocently enough, with appropriately paper thin slices of cappicola wrapped around hefty cubes of firm fontinella cheese, on good, old-fashioned Arthur Avenue bread. Then comes the game changer, buried deep in the heart of the meat and dairy: olive oil marinated anchovies. It's like exploding your sandwich with a big old flavor bomb. The little suckers add the perfect hit of umami, without being overly fishy. I'm not even sure I would have been able to tell what they were, most of the time, had I not already known. As always, the ingredients at Mike's are great, and the prices, while slightly more expensive than the neighborhood norm, are quite reasonable considering the city at large. If you want a sandwich that's a bit off the beaten path but still has traditional Italian ingredients, definitely check out the Mussolini.
This place has gotten a lot of publicity. I live in the Bronx, I am Italian and am in this neighborhood all of the time. His MO is the eggplant parm. In my opinion its ok. Sauce is a little too sweet for me, but I enjoyed it. Try Tino's Deli around the block and do a comparison.
Big selection of specialty items, excellent mozzerella, prosciutto, etc.  They make a fine sandwich, which is usually what I buy there and they are right next to the vegetable market.  They do a radio show on 93.5FM on SUnday afternoon 3.30-5pm, mostly in italian.
Panini dal cielo! Unbeatable eggplant parmesano, delicious Italian heroes with names like "Michelangelo" and "Bronx Tale" to name a few -- da morire!  And the setting is fun too, an old school Italian market place that includes a cigar manufacturing station.  Molto bene!
my 1st italian deli experience in NY, thanks to alf for the 411... i ordered my own making, spicy sopressata,  sweet capacolla, thick slice of mozzarella, light mayo & mustard, with greens in a hero. anthony the prepper looked @ me & said, you're not from around here (about 5 times cause i couldnt understand his deep\heavy accent) & the rest of the conversation i had with him made the lunch 100% enjoyable.
..incomplete review but from the little I was, i can't wait to go back!
Ohh boy was I full when I left Mike's. The eggplant parmigiana was THEE BEST. Also got a sandwich with all kinds of delicious meats on it. I love the names of the sandwiches! When we were eating our meal, THE MIKE came and sat down to eat his healthy lunch of salad and whole wheat baguette. He asks his customers how everything is, etc. He said "After I hit 60, I stopped with the meat all the time". He talked to us for quite some time. It made my Mike's Deli experience all the more special.
Fantastic customer service.  Very kind employees.  I was the victim of road rage on my way to this deli.  When I told them what had happened the owner made me a sandwich (on the house) and was very kind.  I purchased the famous eggplant parm and will be serving it to company tomorrow.  The sandwich was delicious and I will definitely return ( but only with my husband or one of my sons next time--won't travel in the bronx alone again)!
read everyones reviews and went with eggplant and artichoke. It's really to die for. Didn't have time since I only had one 25C in the machine, so I picked up pre-made frozen one to go. I followed the directions, and wow, it's awesome! I also got calender for the new years, which screams da Bronx Italian. Love them, I wish I had more time to explore different food.
Italian heaven without all the tourists!  At least on a Monday... We started off at the deli counter all the way in the back, we obviously stuck out like sore thumbs (as the guy behind the counter asked us where we're from, how we heard about this place, etc). We decide to split the Eggplant Parm made even more famous by Bobby Flay's throw down. Our guy was super friendly, patient and accommodating. We each got our own plate with half a sandwich and a cold pasta with pesto. While waiting for our food, Chef / owner David Greco came up to us and chatted us up. He was SO friendly and gave us business cards to his trattoria that's also on Arthur Avenue.   We grab sodas and our sandwiches and while eating we peruse the the menu for round 2. I normally need meat (TWSsS) for something to taste good, but wow!  Eggplant parm here was the perfect ratio of eggplant, cheese, sauce and bread.   I highly recommend buying a container of eggplant parm, some mozzarella  maybe a couple of hero bread and bringing it home for a late night snack / tomorrow's lunch. Round 2: my friend got a porchetta sandwich with mozzarella cheese and marinated veggies. I tried a little and it was pretty darn good. So aside from the famous eggplant parm, definitely give the other stuff a chance as well.  My deli guy was quite knowledgable in meats and cheeses, he had me try a few different items and I ended up buying some delicious salami and a 3 year aged Parmesan reggiano that will pair with red wine quite well.  I love places that let you taste until you find the 1 to your liking Side note: a beer "hall" just opened in the center of the market. The owners are super friendly and have truly placed a great gem within a gem. Their menu was created with Chef Greco and looked mighty delicious.  I ended up going for some Tira Mi Who? And my one complaint to them was that the glass it came in was too small. What a delicious twist on an Italian classic!  I can't wait to go back to the market and once again eat my way through it. Loved everything there!
Party for 40 , post graduation,  Fordham University , with Johnny Mc and fellow Rams and families.  WONDERFUL FOOD , SERVICE AND BEER from BRONX BEER HALL!!
Great sandwiches, salads & deli meats.  It's the real deal up here.  (I didn't even realize it was on that god damned Throwdown show.)  I'm tempted to give it 5 stars, but when I went earlier this summer, the meatballs in my meatball hero were cold.  I heard a similar complaint about the chicken parm from someone else in my group.  So you might be better off sticking to the cold sandwiches-- they all looked really delicious anyway.  Can't wait to go back & try one.  Also, there's limited seating, so just be prepared for that.
A great place to pick up a sandwich to nosh on while you shop in the market place. Their prosciutto is very good, too.
It is true. The best eggplant parm is here. Just don't expect a fancy and quiet place, menus or a waiter because it is laud and crowded but once you have the first bite you'll ignore any noise... It is just amazingly yummy!
It's a "little over". I wonder why it's NEVER a little UNDER? Oh, the half-pound of salami came out to 2 pounds? Too bad it wasn't very good, to boot. "WHAT ELSE?" "NO CHEESE, TODAY?" Expensive, too.
Amazing sandwiches, super sweet staff who never fails to tell a woman how pretty she is (thats so New York!!!) They keep giving you samples of meats and cheese and say "here try this" never expecting you to buy some of the sample, just wanting you to try and enjoy!!  I love the Al Capone - its a fontina cheese and anchovy sandwich. The first time I went there was so much to choose from that I could not decide so I asked them to make me something, they looked at me and said " I got something for you pretty lady" didn't ask what was in it; and really didn't care ... it was just that damn good!!!
Come here for the BEST Italian food specialties.  If you are on Arthur avenue you can't miss this place!
Went on Sunday when most of Arthur avenue is closed. Fortunately, Mike's deli was open and it did not disappoint. Homemade mozzarella made fresh daily is the BEST I have ever had. My wife wanted a specialty sandwich and the gentleman (KURT) working the deli couldn't have been more helpful. Kurt further asissted me with which meats and cheeses to chose from and they were awesome. I can't wait to go back again and take in the whole experience. If you are in the area Mike's deli is a must go to.
My friends and I pigged out here. It was all awesome. For an app we got a huge salad that was fresh and delicious and this fresh mozzarella thing with this crispy prosciutto on it. Main course was a sharing of penne marinara w/ meatballs, linguini with clam sauce, the reknowed eggplant parm and homemade wine. Good stuff.
If you are in the mood for delicious Italian subs this is the place for you. It's a little out of the way.. my bf and I had to drive all the way from Queens but worth the drive. Friendly staff with no frills. I had an Italian sub that was loaded down with meat and cheese while my bf had something with peppers. Everything on the subs was fresh. Hey it has to be good to be featured on Food Network, right?
Go. Eat. Be enlightened.
LOVE. SO SO SO GOOD! rice balls were great. so were sandwiches. i cant wait to go again. sad that they are closed on sunday...
Ordered an Italian sub and they gave me the pre-made that were in a stack. Tasted bland and no meat and wilted lettuce. I didn't think it was good. 3 stars based on past experience , zero stars based on my latest.
My wife and I came here after a trip to the Bronx zoo. A friend had recommended. I had an Italian combo and my wife had a chicken cutlet. If you have never eaten at an Italian deli in ny then your in for a treat. I have eaten at my share and this one stands alone. I am deducting a star just because the bread was hard but I will cut them some slack because we didn't get there until 5pm. Other than that it was fantastic and the produce and meat market looked fresh and clean. Always a good sign.
Absolutely delicious! We had the "Big Mike's Combo" sandwich, an eggplant parmesan sandwich and a rice ball. I recommend all three, but the rice ball especially was heavenly. Mike's Deli is 100% worth the trip out to the Bronx, we felt like we were on vacation in Italy for the day (the atmosphere is very authentic). Oh and we had a carafe of house red wine with our sandwich which was also delicious. It was chilled (not cold), very light and had a little carbonation, exactly like the table wine that you get in Italy. Cheap too!
You always know what you will get from Mike's.  Worth the trip to the market for a solid and consistent Italian combo or special sandwich with fresh products.
Deep in the Bronx lies an amazing Italian deli.  It is by no means easy to get to, but it is worth every effort to find it.  I heard about the deli from the most dubious of places, Bobby Flay's Throwdown show.  Sometimes that show turns up some gems though, and this was definitely an example of that.  In the episode, they are known for their eggplant parmigiana.  I naturally ordered this.  So delicious, so good!  The sauce is homemade and wonderful.  Better than that though, the mozzarella is homemade and even more wonderful!  I think it is this latter observation that makes the dish so good.  But even the eggplant itself was amazing.  Great texture, excellent flavor.  Everything was absolutely spot on perfect about this dish.  Affordable, informal, and simply fantastic!  After I finished my lunch here, I lingered around to see what else I could buy.  Seriously.  I eventually left with some freshly made cacciatorini.  Fantastic salume!  My goodness, I don't think there is a single miss in this entire deli -- highly recommend!  I really can't wait to go back here!
I can't bring myself to go under 5 stars. I had the eggplant parm hero. Crusty, fresh, luscious bread sprinkled with sesame seeds. The best eggplant parm I have ever had (super thin eggplant, sweet and fresh tomato sauce, creamy homemade mozzarella) and a lovely little vinegary mache side salad. I love it and I would brave any crowd and deal with any weird Arthur Avenue Market seating/bathroom issues to get it again. Oh, yes, I will. It shall be mine.
The best prosciutto and fresh mozzerella hero I ever tasted. Plus the staff is super friendly. If u don't know about this place, it's a must try.
Mike's used to be much better. We would go and order from the counter, take a seat, easy. Now they have waitress service and are trying to be a real restaurant. We waited 40 minutes to get a sandwich and when my husband complained, the guys behind the counter mocked him!! Major attitude problem. We walked out and went to Tino's down the street and got great food with no drama .....
These people at this business are really obnoxious and rude. I tried to place an order but with the attitude of a celebrity, I just walked out. My friends say their food is awesome, but I can't deal with being treated as if they are doing me a favor by letting me in their place.
Yesterday was my last day at work and so my boss and a few co-workers brought in some fresh mozzarella and beautiful prosciutto from a deli in Hoboken New Jersey. I sadly left the office for the last time and FORGOT my deli meat. Needless to say I was not a happy camper last night. I was committed to finding something that is of equal quality in the Bronx......OMG..It has been found. Every single review here is spot on. The mozzarella is so amazing and fresh (milk is leaking from the cheese) and the ham....oh boy...the ham...If you are in the area or even if your not I highly recommend this place. The servers are awesome and Italian all the way. They were so awesome they gave me fresh motz to try to make sure I liked it. I honestly dont know what else to say other than please try this place. Right down the street is Vincent's meat market and that is the freshest meats you will ever find in the Bronx. I know now where to go other than Hoboken.
After sorta getting lost off the subway and walking in some sketchy areas, we finally made it to Arthur Avenue. Heard about Mike's from Throwdown with Bobby Flay and Rachel Ray.  We were really hungry and wanted to go there before the Yankee game.  Boy are we glad we did.  The Big Mike sandwich, fully dressed, on toasted foccacia is pure heaven.  We had a blast just chatting with our waitress (Rosa is so much fun!) and listening to the guys at the counter cracking up and singing.  Can't recommend this place enough.
ya cant beat the Three Tenors sandwich! The platters are really delicious. A staple if your on Authur Ave!
Mikes is a great place with fun deli guys!  At my husband's insistence we ventured to Arthur Ave on our recent visit to NYC. It's way out in the Bronx but to taste the eggplant Parma (outstanding), 2 different types of sandwiches and the antipasto platter it was definitely worth it. Awesome!
Try the Emeril sandwich, simply outrageous, and also try the Monster sandwich, really tasty and filling.
overated--why are they very popular ??? im italian so i know my foods and thre foods are deff not worth it i mean come on the tourist are nuts for this place why??? do they not know better?? the service is horrible too the neighborhood spot is deff tinos deli for there hot food and heros  and casa della mozz for homemade cheese
