Cool atmosphere! Great spot to just kick back and have a couple. Gotta try the buffalo dog! Cant wait to go back.
I just love the ambience. Friendly bartender .... Meatball sliders are excellent. Cheese board as well. Great place for a night cap.
Went this past weekend and just stopped in for drinks so I cannot comment on the food although the stuff I did see prepared looked really good. I will say about the drinks...the fiance had the watermelon drink with the fresh watermelon.  I tasted it and it was really fresh.  i did have a couple of pints from their adequate tap list. Their bottle list is pretty good too.  Best place I've been to for drinks and look forward to trying their food.  The vibe is pretty relaxed as well.  Old movies and some sports. All in all I will be going back soon.  Keep Drinking!!
If you really truly love food you may experience moments like the one I'm about to describe, one that The Tapp delivers on... Sometimes when I'm eating something truly amazing I have this moment when all I can think is "all there is in this world is me and this food". I don't want to be talked to because I'm in a moment. I'm indulging in this experience. Maybe that makes me weird but then I don't want to be normal. Anyway back to the tapp .. Their grilled cheese is one of those moments. There is nothing more to say. Just go there now and eat it. If they're closed wait outside until they're open. Go now.
Amazing beers, great service, chill and quaint vibe, so-so food. I'd probably rate this place closer to a 3.5 because of the food, but Boyfriend and I enjoyed our experience nonetheless. If nothing else, the two beers we had here -- Troegs Nugget Nectar and I believe it was the Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar -- made our visits here entirely worth the experience. We moseyed into the bar at around 4 p.m. on a Saturday to a mostly empty house, which was fine by us. Server was superbly knowledgeable about his beers and more than happy to provide us with tastings of and recommendations for different beers. The food wasn't quite as impressive, although we loved the hummus plate. If you're expecting humdrum chickpea paste, you'll be (pleasantly) overwhelmed by the sun-dried tomatoes and scallions and toasted-on-the-outside, soft-on-the-inside pita. BUt the teriyaki lobster roll could have used more basil and mango to really pull off the Asian fusion effect, and the Mozzarella "French Toast" definitely warranted some maple syrup on the side to really pull off the effect I'm guessing they were going for. Food aside, though, if we were ever back in town, I could definitely see us swinging by this place for a quick beer break again.
Great beers and great food I must say.  However, the service is a bit on the slow side.
I wanted to love The Tapp so much, and if I had gone for only beer, I probably would have. My friend and I came on a Saturday night at 6ish for dinner and a few beers. When we first arrived, the place was pretty empty. The ambiance of the place alone is great - it's small and cozy, with great lighting and a decent amount of seating for a smaller place. The craft beer menu is also fantastic - they had a ton of varieties on the board. We started with the hummus to go along with our beers, which was fantastic. The balsamic reduction on it was a delicious treat, and it made us very excited about the food that we had ordered. Sadly, our excitement was preemptive. The service was pretty awful - a lot of gaps in between placing an order and things actually arriving. Plates and drinks were dropped and then our server disappeared, not noticing if we needed water refills or waiting to see if we had a question on anything. I ordered the Humdinger sandwich with avocado, since it was vegan and sounded fantastic. My friend ordered the pizza with extra cheese. Both were awful - my sandwich bread was tooth-chipping hard; I get toasting bread so it's a little crunchy, but this was rock hard and charred. It said it would arrive toasted, but this was burnt in so many places and unappetizing. My friend is notorious for going on and on about something he's eating when he's enjoying it (I heard about how good the hummus was about 5x while we were eating it). As I asked him how his pizza was, he muttered, "Yeah, it's pretty good." He didn't even finish it - and he said he would have preferred Ellio's frozen pizza - it was that disappointing. We both agreed that we would possibly return for drinks, but not before getting food somewhere else - this is not the place to go to on an empty stomach. The food and service were so incredibly disappointing that I'd almost prefer to just go somewhere with a less impressive beer menu, just so I could experience good food and service.
Good beer selection. Menu was good, and easy to share some plates.
Unimpressed. The place was empty at 4pm on a Sunday. It was very cold inside. My side salad had rotten field greens in it yet we still got charged for it (even after mentioning the rotten salad to our waiter). Will eat elsewhere next time.
My husband and I were really excited about this place. It had decent reviews and we had walked by it before and decided we were going to stop by. We went for his birthday dinner. There was one bartender and one waitress working the entire restaurant. It took us about 15 minutes to get our first drinks and the waitress was so difficult to get a hold of. It WAS busy, yes but during this busy time, the waitress left the restaurant to smoke. So for about 5 minutes, there was NO waitress on the floor. I almost NEVER tip less than 20% but I left her 10%. That is how bad it was. The food was great. But the almost non existent service took away from the experience. We will NEVER return here.
Passed through here for lunch on a drive back to Philly...I had the panini d'umbria which is supposed to have "melted" mozzarella but instead had a lukewarm (or lukecold rather) piece with surprisingly unflavorful prosciutto--didn't really taste the sopressatta (if there was any) or balsamic glaze and the bread was burnt from being overtoasted. I scraped the bread with my knife since the burnt parts overwhelmed the taste of the sandwich so much, and subsequently made a dusty burnt crumb mess all over the place. My friend was drawn to the pickled onions when ordering the Tappan Dill salad but the salad came without them. The waiter was a guy in his late 30s perhaps that seemed nice enough but when my friend asked for the onions he came back from the kitchen only to say they were out of them and "yeah...it was totally insane this week"...Ok, fine, but how about giving her at least a little discount on the salad or at least saying sorry about that, could i get you something else, etc...I tried a bite of it and the cheese tasted spongy. This very well could have been unrepresentative of the normal fare but I was annoyed to have to have paid $10 plus tax and tip for a sandwich that still tasted pretty bad after having a thorough scraping. I should have said something instead of venting through this review which is ultimately pointless. But I will next time.
I don't know what crawled into Tim's shorts to make him so upset, but I thought Piper was great when she waited on me. I normally hit the the Tapp for drinks after work and sit at the bar. The bartenders are attentive enough without being too overbearing and the drinks are phenomenal. Occasionally I'll order one of the specials, all have been awesome and quite inventive. Overall: awesome drinks and food, though it's more of a bar with fancy food than a straight up restaurant. Cool atmosphere too.
Great Beers, good food, and amazing prices The Tapp is a gastropub with a good selection of beers on tap.  I had a great stout and my wife had a cider on tap that was good-ish...it wasn't too sweet (the usual failing of American ciders) but it didn't have the full flavor profile of a cider like Strongbow. We went during happy hour so we are able to order off their $5 menu.  The Tappan Dill Salad was wonderful with lots of lush veggie flavors and the Charcuterie Jr had a fabulous goat cheese, some reasonable prosciutto and some very tasty garlic toast.  The 'olive medley' turned out to be just one kind of black olives - very flavorful but a bit mushy...I loved them but my wife not so much.  We also had the house made hummus off the dinner menu - it was enormous and flavorful.  Lastly, the decor was fun and welcoming and we were very pleased with the service. I've read complaints about the portion size of the happy hour items in other reviews and I must say we didn't find it an issue at all...in fact we brought food home.  In short, though this was our first visit we will be back again (and again and again).
I am really torn about this place. If I hadn't gone back a 2nd time for happy hour I probably would've given this place 5 stars. Overall: very cool hipstery décor - Edison bulbs - chalkboard diverse beer selection - waiters meh. - food very good: bier mac and cheese and flat pizza So why only 3 stars? We went to happy hour. Happy hour is supposed to be a 'cheaper' time to go to a bar after work and then because you're there already and probably had one too many you stay through to the normal price time. Well...apparently they don't get the concept here. HH: beer is only $1 off [ummm isn't it usually half price? like every other bar on the planet?] okay so not really a deal but it's something off I guess. Now the food. The HH food is LAUGHABLY small portions. I got the mac and cheese again [which I believe was about $3 off regular price] only to have them come out with a little bitty baby coffee cup of mac and cheese. I finished it all in 4 bites. The guy next to me got the HH 7' pizza and it was also hysterically small [and if you do the math. you're actually not saving anything in comparison to the large size - it's not a cheaper price ratio] If I come back it'll only be for a random dinner or something. Felt pretty cheated by the happy hour. It's more of a come-here-for-the-atmosphere kind of place.
I'm here on a Friday afternoon. Ordered the Mac and cheese to start. The cheese is heaven, melts in your mouth good. While the scallions on top are a good wake up call, it foreshadows that there is more goodies to come. In between bites, I sipped on a Back to my Roots cocktail--which was strong but subtle in a great way.   Meatball...smooth, creaming, scrumptious. All the while, I'm eying my daughter's pizza. Needless to say, I kinda like this place!
This is our favorite place in town! The beer selection is amazing and the cocktails are unique and expertly crafted. I love starting with the Charcuterie plate. The macaroni and cheese is not to be missed. My boyfriend loves the meatball sliders. The Mexican BLAT (Bacon, Lettuce, Avocado, Tomato) is also a favorite. $5 Happy Hour is also a great deal with food and drink!
In all honesty, I'm not overly impressed with this place and the main reason is the limited selection of beers. Hence the name The Tapp, one would most likely expect a wider ranged beer selection but I didn't find anything about this place that makes it truly stand out. The food menu is mostly appetizers, salads and sides; perhaps The Tappas? In a general sense, with a good beer goes a good burger yet there isn't a single one on their mostly Italian themed menu.
Amazing! My favorite place in Tarrytown hands down. Come on a weekday during the happy hour for some great deals. The chacuterie platter is amazing, great beers that rotate weekly. They allow you to taste the beer before trying which is also nice. Check out their specials too!
I have been going to Brute since it opened in May of 2002!  The place looks great and they recently renovated with a fresh and hip new NYC East Village look which is cool. The beer list is fantastic and the creative drinks they have here are great, and they always seem to be adding and creating new ones. There is now a great new creative menu, so you definitely can get food here, which is something new. Billy Brutes version of Peanut Butter Pie is to die for, if you are not allergic to Peanuts, I don't care if you dislike peanuts as long as you are not allergic to them, You absolutely have to try the Peanut Butter pie.
Great place with friendly management. You have to try their distinctive cocktails especially The Doug and the Smashing Pumpkin. If you like pumpkin, you'll be in a tasty, pumpkiny paradise. I've been a fan ever since it was Brute on 9. Keep up the great work!
Stopped in here on a Fall Sunday for quick snack and a beer. A small bar, but it's got personality. They have a good selection of craft beers on tap. I enjoyed a bowl of mac & cheese w/shrimp while I guzzled two seasonal brews and watched the game.
This place is the perfect spot to go if your looking for a low key night out. Came here on a Saturday night and were seated quickly. Our group ordered a bunch of dishes to share the two that stand out were the meatball sliders and Mac and cheese. Don't go here without ordering these dishes as they are so delicious I am craving it now! Drinks are top notch had the bloodymary that has corona and tequila mixed in.... Such a brilliant concoction would have thought! Again this is a great local bar with awesome drinks and food. I will for sure be returning!
Great little bar that doesn't get unnecessarily rowdy. The drinks are pretty good too and they have a decent beer selection. Only complaint is that there is no food. No bar food either! I guess at least they have Goldfish at the bar. The bartender, Jeremy, will hold a conversation with you if you start one. He tends to pay more attention to his regulars, which makes sense. Just wish this bar was more pub-like and had a more relaxing, home-y feel. We need one of those in Tarrytown.
Just reading the menu descriptions on the website doesn't do their food justice. It was really, really flavorful. With the three of us, we had 3 happy hour plates and a couple of craft beers each, enjoying the charcuterie, the mac & cheese and grecian piada. All had respectable portions for happy hour prices, and all were tasty. For entrees, we did the panini (really outstanding bread!), the BLAT and the mozzarella french toast. Everyone loved their choices, the service was attentive, and the prices were reasonable. Really glad we chose this place as our pre-Sleepy Hollow halloween stop.
I am always careful to read previous reviews, just for balance.  Mortimer was clearly a disgruntled wild card, from Philly.  Enough said right there, no?  I mean, Philly, food critic?  Anyway, The Tapp is a welcome addition to the hip, dining/drinking scene.  Quaint, small, cozy, nice little oasis of brew and chow with no signs of major flaws.  Can't take dining too seriously in small little environs of this kind.  Lighten up MORT!  Beer & food tasting was genius and too bad Morty missed that.  Oskar Blues and yummy small plates, was a great idea and executed well.  One complaint ... open on Mondays!!!
Thank God for good beer! The 7" pizza had 4 miserable pieces of something and the mac & cheese was shells (under cooked) & cheese?? 'We don't got no stinkin' cheese". But the tomato 'sauce' was forgettable! The beer? Now you're talkin'. Carton Decoy Winter Warmer (12.0 ABV) is AWSOME! It's a 'local' brewer (never found out exactly from but not where I can get it at home). The bartender, Ian, was nice & helpful. Good guy. Bottom line.... The place is a hole-in-the-wall (not a bad thing) with tables, high tops, and a bar that's worth the trip for the beer. The food, well that's another story.
Short story: good bottled beer selection, small but well selected tap list (an IPA, a wheat, and one more), more upscale atmosphere than I'd expect in westchester (art on walls, but spare instead of the overdone promotional way). But, the prices match- 7 and 6 for the beers. I was home for the holidays and meeting a friend and this was a good place open late on a Tuesday. Busy enough to be interesting but hardly packed. Others seemed more regular customers. Bartender was nice without being that kind of  fake friendly.
For what it is, pretty good bar food. I dont think they have a full kitchen, I got a glance of it while walking to the restroom. The waiter/bt was very friendly and the hummus was pretty off the hook. That made my 3.5 stars into 4 :)
I think this is going to become my favorite local bar. Great local brews combined with a good selection of regional craft beer. High quality food also, loved the mac and cheese and the hummus sandwich. Servers were really cool, and I loved the atmosphere.
A group of us went in just for drinks before the parade last night, then ended up staying for dinner during and after the parade.  The atmosphere, service, food and selection of pumpkin beers on tap were all fantastic, even during what is probably one of their busiest nights of the year.  I highly recommend this place.  It's also very convenient and right in the middle of everything.
Eight of us had drinks and light fare dinner here last night.  The pumpkin beers on tap were great. 10 beers on tap FYI. The food was delicious and unique and the staff friendly and attentive. Steve was very accommodating to our group.  Next time I'm back in town I would go back for sure.
Update! I returned recently to sample some food on a Thursday night. This bar (with a relatively small dinner menu) has a great energy. Place was busy and most seats taken when I arrived at 7pm. Drank 5 Coors Lights in an hour and had a great time. Service was fast and friendly. Ordered the charcuterie plate and enjoyed the cured meats. I ordered the Tappan Dill Salad as my entree but ended up asking for it to go as I  was having too much fun  getting drunk to be concerned with food (like I said, great atmosphere!). I attacked the salad at home and it was really good. Ingredients were fresh and simple and dressing was tasty. My husband got the sliders and was also happy with his meal.
Not impressed with this place! 3rd time here and the Bartender rude, no buy backs after spending close to 200 at the bar! Waitress Piper was rude and brusque! All the staff, with exception of the chef was unfriendly - sitting around staring at the customers, yet ignoring them!  Music blah every time I have been there! Two stars for the food, the chef and the decor!! My advise: Find a place that apprichiate your business!
I really liked it. Great selection of beer. Quick service. And the mozzarella french toast was so good. I highly recommend it.
The Tapp is an incredible Bar/Eatery! Their food is top notch, as well as their drinks! delicious selection of beers, wines and liquors! The entire staff is friendly and accommodating! I have had a particularly wonderful experience with Piper The Bartender! She finds time to smile and take care of each patron with ease and grace.  I would HIGHLY recommend sitting yourself near or around her! You will be a happier person by the time you are ready to head home! Love Love Love The Tapp!
My friends and I were thoroughly dissatisfied with the service we received. Piper, our waitress was horrible. She wouldn't seat us even though there was an empty table. Finally we were seated and she continued to ignore us. When we got her attention she would just give us attitude. She's awful!! Because of her we'll probably never go again. The food is good. And they have a decent beer selection. This place could really be awesome if she didn't ruin our first and now our last experience. Thanks Piper!
Service mediocre, cheese plate boring. Beer cold, wine good. Nothing to write home about but a good reasonably priced bar.
You can always find a local brew on tap but they also offer other seasonal choices. The Tapp has a nice laid back vibe with vintage photography of its namesake, the local Tappan Zee Bridge. The food menu is well edited with interesting specials. Order the meatball sliders because they are AMAZEBALLZ! Fri/Sat evenings draw a crowd and can get busy. Most other times its a good place to have a pint with friends and converse.  As with just about every bar you go to, you will find ample flatscreen tvs playing your standard bar tv programming.
I stopped by here for a drink the other day the dim lighting is so low that you are not really to sure if they are open or not... Craft beers here are good and im guessing changed whenever they are kicked but im not to sure .Nice atmosphere here friendly staff and what seems to be a local type older crowd here.
The Tapp is a nice addition to the Tarrytown dining scene.  I went with a group on Friday night and the service was good and food offerings were a nice change from the other places in town. Best Cheese plate in town.. ( hint to sweet grass) . I hope the Tapp stays around for a while..
My favorite bar to visit in Tarrytown and surrounding. Good atmosphere, quality craft beers, and now some late night snacks too! The lack of bud light swilling idiots is a distinct bonus.
My wife and I stopped into this place (which is now called The Tapp by the way) after seeing a show at the Tarrytown Music Hall. The bartender was a good guy and my wife loved his drinks (i.e. homemade sangria and martinis...). They had an awesome local beer selection as well. Definitely will feel like more of a real bar once the renovations will be completed. I'm going back to check it out again during football season.
We stumbled on Brute on 9 while scouring Main street for a cool little dark bar before a show at the Tarrytown Music Hall. Finally after asking a Chinese delivery man , we hit pay dirt. Amazing selection of beers, cool music ( old school Chili Peppers), and a knowledgable and attentive bartender. I almost do not want to Yelp it because it needs to stay that cool little bar around the corner.
Great new bar. Loved the dill salad with chicken and hubs loved buffalo chicken. Great homemade hummus appetizer. Half priced drinks for happy hour 5-7 including Saturday.  Please support this place!
Good local bar, nice patrons, quiet, and you can get to the bar and the bartender's attention without a big wait.
Great bar.. love the decor. Elegant and welcoming at the same time.
They now serve small plates of food!  Mostly tasty gourmet hotdogs, but that's all they really needed.  Love their beer list and friendly bar tender / manager (Jeremy).  Great cocktail list for those who are interested.  I also like the renovation.  Long story short, this is my go to place over the other Tarrytown drinking options (e.g. grungy Set Back Inn, packed and younger crowd at Little B's, and tiny bar at Sweet Grass).
Great little place. Staff was very friendly and informative regarding beverage choices  plus a nice little town with many other choices. Don't skip this stop.
I've been coming here since it changed owners and I love it just as much as before.  Good selection of beers, delicious cocktails.  The food is perfect for a pub.  I've mainly been helped by Jeremy and Piper and they are very patient and always help me find a drink that suits my mood, even if it means taking an extra minute to work with me.  Everyone makes sure I leave in a better mood.  I love my local bar.
Great pumpkin beer selection on tapp, service was excellent and the meatball sliders were fantastic. I highly recommend this place if your in the area!!!
Food was great! Wish that waitress was a tad friendlier. I know it's a busy time of year but that's no reason to be rude. Maybe try and smile once in a while, it's not too difficult. So for that, I give three stars.
I moved to Tarrytown about six months ago and the Tapp has become my go-to local bar. The beer selection is very good and although the food menu is not very large, it changes frequently and everything I've ordered has absolutely met or exceeded my expectations. The entire staff rocks and the crowd is typically pretty relaxed. Friday/Saturday can get pretty packed, but it never gets too loud for conversation.
I really like this place and I have kind of a mixed review. I've been here a few times, and it was really great. Creative drink menu, a nice selection of beers, and tasty food. But the last time I went here it was absolutely atrocious. I asked a friend to go out with me for a drink and told her about this place. We met there and grabbed a small table. Our waitress was friendly. We ordered the hummus appetizer to share, the mac and cheese appetizer (for my "main", and some chicken finger sliders. We also ordered two cocktails. We got our hummus dish, and then the waitress asked if we wanted any drinks. We reminded her that we already ordered two cocktails and she was like "Oh yeah. Right." and looked frazzled and ran off to get them. Fine. No harm done there. We're patient and weren't in any rush. The drinks come, and they were good. But they weren't good enough to then wait another 25+ minutes for my mac and cheese. But my friend's chicken finger sliders were no where to be found. We try to flag the waitress down who's running around like a maniac at this point, and she comes over to ask if we "want anything else?" and then she sees I haven't touched my mac and cheese and I explain we are waiting for my friend's meal. Now normally my friend and I wouldn't care about the food and we would tell her to forget it, but this was our dinner for the night and we already invested a good amount of time here so it wouldn't make sense to leave and go somewhere else only to wait there. So the waitress then runs off into the kitchen to go figure out where the food is. We must've waited another 10-15 minutes for her food. It was an absolute nightmare of a night and such a waste of time. It's too bad because I had previously enjoyed my visits there (hence the three stars I'm giving it), but I just think they needed more help that night. The waitress never even offered to comp anything or offer us a free dessert for our troubles. No apology. Nothing. We were so happy to get our check, shove the money in it, and get out of there.
I've been a number of times since they changed from Brute to The Tapp, and honestly...I thought Brute was awesome, but the Tapp is REALLY awesome!  Cocktails and beer haven't changed much (maybe they added a couple taps, which is nice), the atmosphere is a little more rustic, but the food is really awesome.  It was one of the only places open at 11 that was still serving food, so a friend and I came in and ordered a selection off the menu of buffalo chicken and some sliders.  The buffalo chicken was awesome--not tenders, but clearly whole cutlets of chicken, cooked well with great sauce.  The pulled pork sliders were great.  Where this place really blew my mind was the meatball slider.  Burgers are all the rage lately, and rightfully so, but meatballs take the kitsch away from the meat and limit what you can do with it, so a great meatball is a great feat.  These meatballs are ridiculous, and for three meatball sliders for whatever it is they charge (I forget what it is exactly but I remember thinking it's reasonable) is totally worth it.  Essentially, one of my favorite bars started serving one of my favorite meals.  So that really doesn't suck.
Wow! What a bar! Been looking for a place like this for a while. A place to call my regular. The beer selection is awesome, with some great local craft beers. Jeremy the bartender, really I should call him a mixologist, because that is what he is, a creator of cocktails, remembers your order after just one drink. Piper the waitress was fast, accommodating & outgoing. All in all the place makes you feel like you've been coming here for years. I highly recommend it to all!
Wow !  Gave The Tapp a shot after a long reprieve from the previous Brute on 9.   A new menu offers bar bites that are very tasty, quality salads, pizza, soups, and a homemade hummus to die for.  I was also surprised to find that The Tapp lives up to it's new name offering 10 beers on draft...The Shipyard Pumpkin Ale is amazing and the Dogtoberfest was my BF's drink of choice...The vibe of the new place feels similar to Brute with very cool music playing throughout the bar, but The Tapp now has 4 large flat-screens for sports, etc....If you're in the Tarrytown area, I highly recommend you stop in for a bite and a beverage...
I went to this place when it was still Brute, and was excited to hear about some of the impending changes and renovation. Mostly, I felt they could use some reasons to go there--like specials and things. BVT has $4 pints with adventurous selection & half price wings on Monday & the NICEST owner I've ever befriended. Little B's has yummy spicy wings and really friendly staff that got to know us after 2 visits, and has frequent Yelp coupons, etc. Horsefeathers, though only bottles, also rotates often and tries new varieties, and the service behind the bar is super friendly. My point is: I never saw much reason to go to THIS particular bar because beers were the same prices as I get near my office in Manhattan, they didn't really have food, and no one paid much attention to us there besides eventually asking if we wanted a refill. It was also usually very sparse, and none of the other patrons ever said as much as "hello." I was hoping we would see some improvements on these fronts with an injection from new owners and a renovation... but the jury is still out. It's not BAD, but the 3 times I've gone since the change of hands (twice pre-renovation, and once the day after they re-opened), it's not really different. The beer selection is better now, and I do like the mason jar thing. The cinnamon & sugar rim for the pumpkin ale was an awesome touch, and $6 an ok price. The bites I have to reserve some judgment on, as we only tried one and it was... ok. Beyond that... it seems that every time I go in, close friends of the bartender and chef/cook are there and they chat with them, incessantly and very LOUDLY indeed, for the entire 2 or 3 beer stay. Maybe I'm just unlucky with my timing, but regardless they could stand to bring the shout-speak down a notch. If they aren't going to talk to US, they could at least make it so we can have a friendly convo amongst ourselves without having to shout over their stories. This has happened the past 3 times, though, so it seems habitual. I'm personally surprised to see the staff described by everyone as SO friendly, since it's really only been very perfunctory service until it's time to settle up--then there's the "thank you's" and "have a good night." I mean, that's standard and not BAD, but it's also a little underwhelming, especially when we typically have to wait until our glasses have been drained for a few minutes before waving them down for a refill or to cash out. I'd like to get to know these folks, since this bar is a whopping 2 blocks from my house and we could definitely be "regulars"... but just not feeling welcome so far. My last thing about the newest renovations will make me sound like a crotchety old English man but I don't care. The TVs... so many of them. Personally, not a fan, BUT I understand the appeal. My beef is actually with the way they were being utilized. It's football season, and I don't have a problem with that, it's just that they were turned on and the volume was up SO LOUD... during the game play, it's not that big of a deal, but the incessant, irritating commercials were driving me up a wall. I felt like I was in an old man's den, blasting the TV because he forgot to put in the hearing aid. I definitely don't go to a bar to have TVs shouting at me to BUY THIS CAR or DON'T FORGET TO EAT FRIED CHICKEN or whatever other stuff airs during football games. I haven't given up. I think it's fundamentally trying, and I'm still patient because I so desperately want it to be great!
The Tapp (formerly Brute on 9) was always where the Family met on Wednesday night, good drinks, great company, fun tunes and great service.  I've since moved out of state but the first stop on the way home is always to The Tapp - where I'm always warmly greeted by Jeremy, Piper or Clark and made to feel right at home.  The cocktails and beer selection are pretty great too.....
