Looking to see where one's food comes from? This would be a good spot to check out farm to table type of restaurant environment. It's a fully functional working farm that provides ingredients for Dan Barber's Stone Barns restaurants. You'll find a large greenhouse growing all kinds of vegetables and a farm stocked with chickens laying brown eggs, sheep, pigs, and turkeys. We ended up buying some of the eggs which seem standard to me but the pork sausages had wonderful flavor and the breakfast pork steak was tender and flavorful as well which we cooked up for breakfast the next morning. The cafe to me isn't a standout with standard pastries and sandwiches which was a bit overpriced. The soup was delish though which was a butternut squash soup. Wonderful large area to walk around and be outdoors in nature especially in the fall. You can even hike over to the nearby Rockefeller state park as it's all interconnected by trails.
I love Stone Barns. My wife and I go every year for the Harvest Festival, and for the Sheep Shearing Festival. To the people complaining about yuppies..... you are just yuppies in denial. Really, you are paying to go to a farm in Westchester that houses one of the finest restaurants on the east coast. Were you expecting it to be cheap, and there to be farmers in overalls? It is there as a nonprofit to promote and educate, were you expecting it to be free? It is not a working farm - well it is - but that is not the mission, the mission is to promote certain types of agriculture and educate. The grounds at Stone Barns are beautiful. I could walk them all day, even when the farm is crowded it is very peaceful and serene. Take a an hour or so just to mosey and enjoy the scenery and farm animals, the pigs are especially friendly. Harvest Festival - Great time, great food, great little educational demos. You can even place an order for your Thanksgiving turkey. They have live music and we found our favorite local band here, "Le Tappan Ziques". There is always a nice variety of local foods and drink. There is a farmers market as well. It is well worth the price of admission. Sheep Shearing  Festival - Like the harvest festival but smaller, and you can watch them sheer the sheep, and help them herd them to the pasture if you so decide. It is a great and beautiful place to visit. A little tip from someone who has been there repeatedly....... buy some of the herbal tea in the shop. The Basil one is freekin' ridiculous.
This review is just for the cafe. There is a $10 fee just to enter and park on the grounds, so I would recommend the cafe only if you are planning to make a day of visiting the farm. For the cafe itself, it is very small, but they do offer some delicious snacks, such as slices of freshly-made pizza with eggplant and zucchini, a bologna sandwich on whole-grain bread, a tasty green been and tomato salad with watermelon, and a unique whole-grain salad with cilantro. Rounded out with a dense chocolate tart with sandy chocolate crust. Seating is in a shaded outdoor patio - very lovely.
Wonderful place to spend a day learning about agriculture and exploring the grounds' many gardens, farms, greenhouse, woodlands, farmstore, cafe (with an excellently curated book section, cut flowers, frozen meats, local crafts, and more). It's just an hour's drive from the city, and totally worth visiting even if you can't nab a reservation to Blue Hill restaurant at Stone Barns.
A lovely day at a yuppie farm! Stone Barns is a posh, upscale, idealized version of a farm. I saw many dressed up couples (in suit pants, dresses, heels) and the like going to eat at Blue Hills (the fancy onsite restaurant) and then touring the farm afterwards. While there are pigs, sheep, cows, chickens, beehives, and a greenhouse, this is more of a tourist destination farm than your typical working farm. There are trails from the farm that will lead you out to Rockefeller State Park Preserve - a good place for long, rambling walks in nature. Take the train from Grand Central to Tarrytown, then take a taxi to and from Stone Barns. The train ride up to Tarrytown will give you a picturesque view of the Hudson River. My favorite part of the farm was seeing the huge Berkshire pigs rooting around in the mud.
The parking is $5-$10 I forget. I saw so many people parking on the side of the barn literally rows of cars on left and right parked outside. So I followed only to come outside to 2 troopers putting tickets on all cars for $25 fee I didn't see no parking signs .. The barn is not really organized to where the animals are but we had sOme fun Saw cute baby chicks Baby turkeys Pigs Lambs & dogs The cafeteria had reasonable priced treats I'm sad they didn't sell fresh milk . I purchased 6 cookies for my husband and niece in hopes of getting fresh milk being a barn.. Sadly no fresh milk! Haven't been to the restaurant but heard. Nothing but wonderful things ... We came in Mother's Day and it was packed!!!! Still enjoyable and a great day to spend a Sunday afternoon!
If you come with no expectations except to take in the fresh air, then this is place for you. If you've read all the great reviews about Stone Barns from magazines and online articles, then take your expectations down about 10 notches. The "farmer's market" is kind of skimpy with not much being sold. I'd rather go to Union Sq. farmer's market. The store has a few interesting knick knacks but everything tends to be on the expensive side. There are chickens, egg laying hens, pigs, sheep, cows, honeybees and geese. The sheep are definitely the cutest and roam around in a low gated area with shepherd dogs sleeping in their midst. But it's just nice to walk around a nicely kept grounds and farm area...makes for a pleasant Saturday afternoon daytrip.
OK, I am going to tell you how it really is. I may burst some people's bubbles and other may find what I say hard to take but ... Now there are few things I like doing more in the fair weather than going to a Farmers Market and to farm stands. Don't believe me? Look at my list Local Farmers Markets for one. I have gone to dozzzens in the area and a few beyond. I plan on going to as many as I can as often as I can till the last brilliantly colored leaf falls of the last tree to have them. I love Farmers Markets! Why? For one, I prefer to support local businesses. I enjoy speaking with the people who grow and/or make the food I choose to nourish myself with. I am 99% vegan so buying at a FM is easy for me. My husband and I have a little farmette and we like to see what's out there and learn how we may improve and/or expand from what we currently have (full disclosure we have pet hens and theirs are the only eggs I will eat). So when I saw that the Stone Barns had a FM I was all excited to take the scenic drive down and check them out. I know I am never going to eat at their restaurant, I have no interest for reasons that do not belong here so going to their FM is as close as I choose to get. When we arrive and we are stopped at the gate to PAY $5 parking fee! To attend their own market with their stuff and park in their lot which belongs to them and there is no other reason we would be parking there? Great Adventure is not next door! That is ridiculous!! (Even the municipal parking lot in Poughkeepsie waves the parking fee during FM hours!)  I have NEVER EVER been asked to pay for FM parking- Not in Rhinebeck, in Woodstock, in Chappaqua, in Beacon...We are told that we will get it credited if we spend $15 at the Market. Momentarily appeased I figured how hard would that be? I spent twice that that morning in Cold Spring. Onwards! Well we made our way to the area where the market is held and even though we were there just a few minutes past opening the stuff looked picked over, there was not much from which to choose and the baked goods were not something I would eat. There was nothing except a lot of animal parts on coolers and in plastic bags. Not for me. Their prices were also ridiculous! NOT FOR PROFIT my a$$. One does not charge for parking and exorbitant prices for raggedy looking produce, etc and at every other turn in the place which is like a chateau and then say they are not for profit. I bet they make a lotta profit off of people buying into their BS. They charge fees for kids picking eggs. They charge for tours of the little enclosure of bees. They charge for anything and everything and each activity is easy enough to do on one's own. $7 for kids picking eggs? How do they even know those are good eggs to eat? Do they candle them on the spot? I would not take a chance. Yes it is beautiful. Yes it is impressive to be in that setting but so what. We decided to cut our losses and not be coerced into spending more money just to get our five dollars back (!). They can have it if it is so important to them. Whatev. We left to go to another FM where there are actual farmers eking out a living and not living in grandiose Stone Barns. $7 for eggs... City folks. ;))) Well before I digress that is what I have to say. I will leave the rest best unsaid...
Word that encapsulates Stone Barns: "pretentious" To be fair, I went with very high expectations following many o' books covering farm to table businesses and educational centers that noted Stone Barns as being "the" place to go. Sign one that Stone Barns leans on the nose-in-the-air side: **We want to claim that it's great to have farm to table food available for more people, but we want to charge you to park at our luxurious farm. Sign two: **Farm stand with kale that sells for $12/pound. Stupid. Plain stupid. If you know anything about kale, it grows like a weed and takes a hefty pile to make anything. I completely understand that quality cost more, but when you're comparing one farmer's organic kale to another farmer's organic kale, I doubt that you'll find a difference of six times the price... Sign three: **Old money. You can see it all around you. People who think they're saving Mama Nature by dropping a hundred on a handful of heirloom veggies. thoughts after I've stepped down off of my soap box: I can't deny that Stone Barns is a beautiful place with rolling hills, wildflowers and all sorts of high-falutin' agricultural activity.
I guess if you live in NYC this is your escape to a day at the farm. Coming from New England I wasn't all that impressed. In fact, I would go so far as to say, it was the most pretentious "farm" I've been to. The cafe food looked totally gourmet and inviting, but we'd just finished lunch somewhere else so we didn't indulge. The staff were so preoccupied with helping the large and obviously wealthy family in front of us, that I guess it shouldn't have surprised me that at least one of the 3 staff members couldn't help me with the lone jar of jam I was purchasing. The gift shop was cute, but consisted of standard fare. The bathrooms were really hard to find and there wasn't anyone around to even ask. I guess the main attraction is the restaurant. Also, beware of the dogs running around this place. We were nearly attacked by this woman with her out of control ugly black poodle/horse/dog. She seemed "so surprised that buffy muffy was acting this way". I guess that's what happens when he's allowed to roam free from the Manhattan penthouse.
4.18.09 H, M, B, S and I were the youngest people, and I think it may have showed when we pulled out our magnums of wine.  Or when we had racing contests rolling down the hill.  Or when we seesawed on the trailer.  Or when posing with the future dinner meats and poultry. But seriously, this place makes for a pretty awesome day trip.  After a fantastic dinner with the parents, I came back exactly one week later with friends to explore the Stone Barns Center.  The weekend daytime crowd was very Park Slope, the Pocantico Hills version of it, I suppose.  It was a gorgeous day.. we lay out, drank wine, ate sandwiches from the cafe, and enjoyed nature for a day.
I wanted a fall adventure to kick off October, so what better way to start a Saturday morning that catch the Metro-North to Tarrytown to Stone Barns' Harvest Fest? A train and an overpriced taxi ride later, me and my partner-in-crime arrive at the front gates of the Barns. Initial impressions; whoa. The Barns were overlooking the green mountains and valleys that you don't necessarily get to see in my home turfs of Hell's Kitchen and Long Island, so I was taken aback in the best way possible. Even the farms were separated based on hill level. At the top was the Cafe, Restaurant and gift shop, then you descend downwards towards the temporary food vendors, then to the greenhouses and forests, which housed the many bunches of giant pigs and the most adorable piglets you've ever laid eyes on. In between those sections were fields for cows, rebellious sheep, turkeys thriving for attention, and a donkey. The donkey stood out. The programming the Barns had for the day was a real festive treat. I'm a sucker for hayrides, so I was practically freaking out the entire time I was on it. I also sat through a how-to-make-apple-butter workshop in one of the stables. I'm now inspired to make some for everyone I know for Christmas. In terms of the food vendors, thank God I got there as early as I did. I stocked up on Red Barn Bakery's iced molasses cookies and Bobbysue's spicy nuts. I had a rather nice conversation with the CEO of the latter about their non-profit work, so I have to support them now! The Saxelby's Cheesemongers' grilled cheese sandwich was especially boss, due to the Rick's Pick's Corn Relish they dab in between the bread.  By around noon, the lines for the more popular vendors got crazy busy, and families were thisclose to having cat fights over ice cream and pizza. What weirdos. Fun fact: there were a lot of signs in the Barns saying, "Caution: Children". They were the most hilarious things I've seen in a while.
Definitely get the 2 hour tour! Went with my bf on a warmish weekend in Feb and joined in late and still it was sooo worth it! Would not have made the experience the same if we hadn't taken the more intensive tour. Chris is great! He led the tour made up of granola munchers who know alot about sustainability and also newbies who just want to photograph the animals. So he is a great guy to entertain and educate no matter what your interest is. He is super passionate about his work and the care taken to grow food correctly. This is a place that is for adults and kids too. I was thinking we would be the only 30 somethings without kids but there were lots of other adult couples Had lunch at the cafe after tour- great staff, roasted chicken, beef and spinach salad and the carrot lemon soup was amazing- went back and got a second bowl ...love to support this place! Will be back to have dinner and see the farm again on a warmer day. another yelper mentioned a parking fee? there was no fee for parking- maybe because it was off season? went in feb. but i can see how this place could be totally slammed come summertime with kids off from school.
It was okay. I wouldnt recommend the paid tours.  You're better off just walking around yourselves, save your money. What I thought of immediately upon our arrival? Bougie This is the first bougie (newyork.cbslocal.com/201…) farm Ive ever been to and hopefully the last. And welcome to Westchester County, if you are not from around New York. One thing that stood out is the large number of upper class yuppies.  Even as just a normal, average middle class guy, you almost feel out of place. Who wears high priced, designer clothes and shoes to a farm?  May I ask, what is with all the metrosexual males? Wearing scarfs, their sweaters around their necks. There was actually a woman on our tour, wearing expensive high heels and a short skirt. Who are you trying to impress?  Let me guess, the other uppities you know who will be there? Seemed to be a lot of people who remind you of that Barefoot Contessa Hamptons snob from the food network. Some older lady in the expensive gift shop....Ive never seen an older lady with so much jewelry on, carrying herself as if shes Maria Antoinette. They have a restaurant there as well, but from the looks of the clientele, its not for most people. If you arent wearing a suit or dressy, you wont be eating there thats for sure.  They do have a "cafe" though, which  is cheaper but still expensive. If you are among the upper class folks who really want to act like it, the farm has ......valet parking. Seriously, valet parking....at a farm. When you just cant possibly want to be seen as just a regular, average peon, no worries. You dont have to park yourself. I swear, if I were wealthy, I would never carry on, dress, or act like the bougie people in New York.
You could say that Stone Barns Center for Food & Agriculture is a "high-end" farm if there ever was a thing, but I absolutely LOVE it! It is a great place to spend the day. On weekends they have a number of tours going on (I recently took their vegetable tour) and many activities for kids ie. egg collecting. Also, they often host workshops on any number of topics. I've taken a cheese making class (and yes I've made cheese in my own kitchen after the class), a class on olive oil and one on butter! Their Farmer's Markets are great, but you do need to get there early. Everything sells out very fast. In the winter they take place once a month indoors, starting in May it's every Friday, Saturday, & Sunday. Blue Hill has it's home on the farm, but if you don't feel like spending a ton of $ (although completely worth every penny!) you can sample lighter fare at Blue Hill Cafe on premise.
I gave 3 stars but this place is definitely not average, it's actually way way above average. But from my POV, with a toddler, they lose a star because the animals are very spread out with long walks between (some on roads shared with cars) and they lose a star because this place is just too darn fancy and doesn't have a true grit farm feel. If you are a foodie or drive an expensive car, you will be at home here. All others, it's cool to check out but I can't imagine wanting to come here often. There is a $5 parking/entrance fee, that doesn't bother me because most farms we visit accept donations and that's typically what we pay. There are tons of events and classes, and when my son is older we may opt for a few, but they are expensive. An example: an egg collection event today was $10 per child and $10 per adult. So for three of us that would be $30. I'm not saying they shouldn't charge, but holy smokes that is A LOT of money when the activity is geared to the child and the parents are just supervising. There is a cafe, we'd already had coffee in the morning so we got some pretzel bread which is amazing but that was another $6. You will see TONS of people going to the restaurant wearing HEELS. Seriously. At a farm. And dressed very nicely. Driving expensive cars. And there is VALET parking. Yes, this is a farm. But you won't really feel like you're at a farm. It's all very weird to me. So we saw sheep and cows and chickens, opting for the self-guided tour (there are maps and instructions in the gift shop). It was a great way to kill a few hours outdoors with the little ones but the scene was obnoxious. If being part of a scene is for you, you will love it. There was a farmers market today but oddly it opened at 1. I don't know if that's a regular thing but it obviously misses the morning crowd, which was pretty substantial.
This place is a bucolic escape from the concrete madness that is NYC. I went there for three days straight because I couldn't get enough of it. The cafe is fantastic and is home to the BEST egg salad sandwich I've ever had as well as an incredible cup of latte. I've never had coffee that good, no trace of burnt coffee or bitterness. The food can be a little pricey for some but the taste and quality is worth it. My friends brought their little toddlers and the whole family had a blast touring the farm and looking at the animals. It was spring so the baby animals were just born and stretching their legs. So cute! Blue Hill is a wonderful place to spend a few hours whether your are 3, 30, or 60 years old.
I  give this place 5 stars even though I have to say I see the point some of the one star review writers make. But coming from Brooklyn ( newly relocated after 20 years of Manhattan) I guess I can call myself City Folk and both my boyfriend and I had a great day at this storybook place. Yes they charge for parking but then again they do not charge an entry fee and once you are there you are free to pick up a few brochures and roam around on your own, or download the free app for more guidance. So pack 3 friends into your car and for $5.00 you have a decent deal. It's true its a bit of a fairytale place and almost a bit like Disney World but all staff we encountered were extremely friendly and welcoming and we enjoyed our time there. The cafe is too small for the crowds on a Sunday and the line was out the door to get a coffee or some snacks. However the wait was worth it, all things we sampled were delicious and freshly made. We did the 2:30 tour which was great and informative and ended just around 4:00 near the base of the property. By the time  we got back to the main site the market was packing up and we barely were able to buy some garlic. We purchased 3 boxes of eggs in the cafe but that was about my only disappointment. I would have liked to go back with a bit more produce and some flowers. Still I would go back and just recommended it to my neighbors.
Stone Barns is a great place to spend an afternoon. They offer many tours and programs. My friends and I came here for a free tour and had a lot of fun. It was very educational and we learned a lot. Every worker we encountered were extremely nice. They seemed like they were passionate about what they do. I would like to try their cafe sometime.
How wonderful to see uncaged chickens with tons of room to roam in a mansion-sized barn. The pigs looked like they were actually smiling, and the cows looked happy too, mostly because they were getting it on.  The sheep looked indifferent, though, despite their vast acres of high-priced New York real estate. Don't miss the greenhouse, where you can observe the farmers at work. Our Blue Hill Cafe lunch featured yummy soft chocolate chip cookies, a refreshing and not too salty cold asparagus soup,  and a veggie frittata made with smooth, almost creamy eggs.
The lambs were newborn  when I went here around two or three weeks ago and were a joy to see( and probably not long for this world).The pigs were comical and seem bold proud animals. The buildings are like no farm structures I've ever seen before,But then this a Rockefeller farm. It  is a very pleasant place to visit.
I purchased the one hour winter tour. Our tour guide - Jane - was very knowledgeable and you walked away actually learning something. Really beautiful grounds and scenery. I think it's a great place for kids that are old enough to appreciate the animals and tour. I would visit again, but definitely in the Spring. In the winter, it seems alot of the animals are in hiding and not alot of vegetables and fruits are in season. There's also quite a bit of ground to cover so you want to be able to enjoy it!
This place is gorgeous, and well worth the parking fee on weekends (I think parking's free on weekdays?). It used to be that if you ate in the cafe (so good), parking was free, but no longer. No matter, the fee is worth the beautiful grounds and cute animals. You can walk in the fields, and even browse the greenhouses! Do not miss the cafe, everything is made out of the Blue Hill kitchen, is seasonal and local, and mostly grown right on the premises. I've never been here when parking is totally full, so skip the valet and park down the hill. Valet schmalet. When you walk around, don't miss the paths around the pond, I even found a mushroom hut there! (P.S. - the pigs in the woods. Were you really not going to visit the pigs in the woods?)
When it costs $5 to park, it must be worth it, right? Well... I think you can park across the street for free and walk over to the farm. The farm itself had some animals - pigs, sheep, turkeys, geese, chickens, etc and vegetables. It was nice for the kid to run around and see things. The cafe there has a long line and the food is somewhat expensive, but tastes good. Definitely touristy for city folks who haven't been on a real farm before but worth it to see once.
Very nice place to go on the weekend with the kids. Nice place to see animals and greenhouses! They have a nice cafe and gift shops. Great farm overall.
I got a chance to go here a few days ago and was very excited because it was on my list to do in NY. It took arond 45min or so and the place look very nice and clean. We drove in and park our car and walked around to look around. We didn't see anyone there beside us and a few workder so we thought that was very odd. Anyway we kept looking around anyway and finally we asked someone where is everyone and she told us that they were closed for Monday and Tuesday. Great!!!! We came on the day when it was close. It didn't stop us checking everything out. I enjoy being at Blue Hill and I would proably come back in the Spring and hopefully get to try their high end restaurant. TO BE CONTINUE!!
Farm is nice.  What they sell is not.  I guess if your purpose is to walk around a well manicured park with animals that don't stink, then this is an excellent spot.  But if you're here to source produce, cheese, meats, etc, then you're not going to get anything better than what you'd find at Whole Foods.  Nevertheless, Stone Barns is beautiful, but extremely sterile and commercialized.  If you want a taste of the real deal, try something more authentic like Bobolink Dairy in Vernon, NJ.
This is a nice place to roam around.  We go hiking on the trails almost every Sunday.  The "Farm" is not huge but it seems as if they are enlarging it, which is good as the food in the farmers market is very good quality.  It's fun to come upon the pigs in the woods, especially the piglets.  The cafe and restaurant are expensive but for a treat - worth it.  The staff in the cafe are very nice, in the restaurant, well they need to get a grip.  They are very annoying.
Stone Barns is a nice place to get some air, walk around, see some animals, etc.  My favorite was the sheep and the dog that watches them :)  There's a trail where you can walk around and see the cows...I've only been here late winter, must be even nicer in the summer.
Great food at the stone barns cafe. Parking is $5 and they allow dogs to roam around (as long as you leash them). The place is big so you can spend a lot of time walking around the farm. In addition, you can download the app and listen to an audio-recording of a walking tour. THey have lots of animals here as well as awesome produce. You can learn a lot from workshops here and just by asking the employees.
Pretty cool place to go! Be sure to check out their herb garden, you're allowed to rub the leaves lightly so you can sample them w/out having to bend over - I'm sure there's a foodie term for this but I don't know it!! Food at the cafe was good too, can be VERY crowded.
This place is a must visit if you're a new yorker. It was a beautiful sunny day , perfect for a walk through the gardens. I loved the animals running amok. The turkeys, the piglets, chickens. Great place to bring your little ones to. The building is beautifully laid out and quaint. A stunning wedding reception locale, if you have an unlimited budget that is. They lose one star for the farm and grounds tour at $15 per person, personally I felt it was a waste of time and severely overpriced for the little tidbits of information you can find online.
I don't understand the point of this place. I love going to farms and enjoying those kinds of activities, but I found them lacking in so many ways. I agree with another reviewer that it is way too spread out to go with a toddler. Also it is absurd prices to do activities of picking eggs, harvest fest ($40/adult?!). Yes those kinds of things interest me, but not for that ridiculous price. There are plenty of other local places to go that I think are better suited to enjoy animals etc. I also agree that they come off as pretentious. I've been to Blue Hill in the city and thought it was good, but visiting Stone Barns was a huge disappointment. I was in and out within a half hour, that's how "fantastic" it was.
We did the "insiders' tour" today with Dan as the guide. He did a great job and we definitely enjoyed the informative experience.
