The lunch rush isn't as crazy here as it used to be. In years past there used to be a 10-20 minute wait to get a table during lunch time. The most recent time I went, we were seated immediately and there were only four other parties there. I hope that doesn't mean this place is on the verge of befalling the same fate as most of the other business that have occupied this location, because their food is as good as ever. The fish is always prepared well and everything is balanced in relation to everything else- meaning no single component of a dish overwhelms the other flavors. I'm hoping the empty restaurant on the day I came was just a fluke (see what I did there?). Either way, I better try to start coming here more often if that's what it takes to ensure they don't close!
Authentic Japanese Food.. Went here with a close friend as recommended by a Japanese Friend. Cozy little place just with limited chairs & Tables. So it's crowded all the time. The food was great.. Their sushis & sashimi tasted fresh.. I was impressed with the Salmon mango roll.. Loved it. But No time to really enjoy while you relax dining coz at lunch people comes and goes. The staff are friendly and appeared nice. They got parking spaces and municipal parking around the area.. A place I would come back to for lunch. Great deal.. Great food..
Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Amazing lunch specials with a daily changing board of specials. Sushi was incredibly fresh!  Great find!
This place is very authentic, and although I really do not like sushi, I am going to give this establishment a fair review for what it is. My friend, a sushi lover, loved everything we ordered and was very pleasantly surprised at how fresh and delicious everything was. I enjoyed my edamame. The staff is excellent, very helpful and patient. Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and pleasant, which I greatly appreciate. The dining space is small, and a bit crammed which made me a little uncomfortable, but I suppose it suits the restaurant. If you love sushi, this is your place, go for it.
Authentic Japanese food in Westchester.  Shokudo type restaurant with picture menus and daily specials.  They have a sushi bar and a half dozen tables.  Food varies from seafood and meat salads, soups, appetizers, fried entrees, sushi, sashimi, chirashi, teriyaki, ramen, and much more.  Staff speaks Japanese and is very courteous.  Highly recommended.
Had lunch here last week and was very pleased. The atmosphere is very nice and tranquil. the food was fabulous. I had a spider roll and lobster roll and shumai. All 3 were great. the shumai is the best I have ever had. The service was also very good and the prices reasonable. I would definitely recommend just this place a try.
How rude. If they have good food but bad service, who cares? But bad food and bad service? So what they are japanese....their sushi is warm from the sushi chef taking is dear time making them, cupping them I his hand The waitresses are rude and ran out to my car to get more than their 20 percent tip Are you kidding? Crap rice, dilute green tea, no care in their food...gross
I freaking love this place so much I kind of don't want to write a review on how great this place is. The sushi is really fresh and reasonably priced. It can get crowded during lunch time, but dinner is just fine. Also can't beat the $3 Kirin drafts.
Ending 2013 with Japanese, since our first two choices in Hartsdale are both closed on Monday nights, we came to this little gem based on Yelp reviews. Masked by IHOP next door, it seems like a place that's maybe always been there? Now I am a connoisseur of lots of things, but sushi isn't a forte. My friend is also a novice. With very limited seating, we had perfect timing before the storm of customers. The menu is hard to navigate, but Edamame and Gyoza are standard staples. We also shared a Dragon Roll (eel and cucumber topped with avocado), a Spider Roll (soft shell crab tempura), and a layman's Shrimp & Avocado roll. Tea pots are not available and they won't make your sushi with brown rice.This place is serious, so to the California Roll eaters and Haiku lovers, it's not for you. Besides the Gyoza being slightly charred, my only issue is my Dragon Roll didn't look like the Dragon posted in the menu. That's just too bad because that would've been a dope Yelp pic!
Great sushi place in WP! We tried grilled octopus, yakitori and rolls. all very good but I removed 1 star for the mango roll which had I think too much rice in it and so 'crunchy mango parts (could have been more ripe) But I will certainly go back to try the rest of their menu! As others said, it's really small so you may have to wait a bit. they also don't have an alcohol license right now (suspended?) so it's byob!
We went based on an article in Westchester magazine ranking it as a great restaurant.  The place is very small which is fine but I could see it causing super long waits at normal hours.  Some of the employees were very nice, others acted like they were doing us a favor (the teenagers - train them or get rid of them).  The food was decent but I did have either a bone or a bit of super hard rice in one of my rolls that I had to spit out which was a first in all my many years of eating sushi.  The rolls were a bit smaller than most other places but the prices were lower too.  With so many other good places around though, we probably won't return.
Had lunch so far, combining freshness/cuts, price for what you get, selection and service I'm definitely coming back. Authentic place and you can get Ramen as well as Soba here.
Best sushi in westchester!  It is nothing like 'American sushi' places like haiku, ginban, red plum, etc.  This is the real deal.  Clean but no frills dining room sets the stage for sushi perfection.  Fresh, appropriate portion, clean and pure.  We lived in Tokyo for a few years, and this feels like the most authentic sushi / sashimi restaurant we've found near home.  You can sit at the counter or a table, the restaurant isn't big so there's a wait sometimes.  Pricing is moderate but fair.
Stumbled upon this place expecting run of the mill sushi and "Japanese" food run by Chinese chefs and owners. What a nice surprise to find something so authentic on Central Avenue in Westchesterr. It's not Sushi Sasabune or Nobu, but its cheap and the food is good. And its genuinely Japanese and legit. Tried the lobster salad special in a crunchy shell and the hamachi jalapeño. Co-worker had the tekka don and the chirashi. Pretty solid and for what you pay, definitely worth it.
With our favorite Hartsdale sushi joint being closed on Mondays we ventured out of our comfort zone and decided to have lunch at another popular area Japanese restaurant, Fujinoya. We had driven past it countless times but on this day it was our destination. Pulling into its driveway we could see that the parking lot was crowded and the facility was appropriately sized for its parking. We entered to be greeted quickly, but told there would be a 10-20 minute wait for one of the few tables. Fujinoya is apparently a popular lunch spot and rightly so with a special lunch offering which changes daily and can be seen on display at the entrance. That day was a shrimp dish with a side salad but I don't eat shrimp so it was to their regular lunch menu I turned once we found seating at the sushi bar about 15 minutes later after awkwardly milling about the doorway. I love to sit at the sushi bar and watch the chef at his art. At that time he was trimming fish with a gentle grace that belied the razor sharpness of his knife. The food selections were not as rampant as other sushi places which was fine with me. I pretty much like sticking to basics until I get to know a place well, and they had some kitchen dishes, too such as various soba and udon dishes. So with a couple of rolls, a veggie roll (assortment vegetables (lettuce, cucumber, tomato, avocado) and the Fujinoya roll (inside: avocado, cucumber, tuna outside: flying fish roe) and a bowl of Kitsune Soba (Dashi with noodles and fried tofu and fish cake)  which would hit the spot on a cool rainy day. Had it been evening I would have loved to try their $3 house sake, and plenty of it but we had things to do and I did not want to be napping on Central Avenue after lunch... The Vegetable Roll while impressive to see was nothing special and was a bit awkward to eat with its pretty but overwhelming bloom of lettuce and half a grape tomato. I ended up eating it deconstruction style and then it kind of lost its appeal as what it should have been-a roll. The Fujinoya roll was a better choice but too similar to the Veggie one. I should have ordered a yellowtail scallion or similar. But it was tasty and filled that spot which hankered for some sushi. ;))) The Kitsune though I did enjoy. The buckwheat noodles were cooked perfectly and the broth was just salty enough to evoke visions of mermaids and maybe a siren or two. The fish cakes, something I have rarely, were a nice treat. And ignorance is bliss because I am not sure really what they are or what gives them that bit of pink color... And despite the relative smallness of my order I could not finish my soup as it was really filling. Thank you hearty soba! :))) Their tea was a perfect foil for both aspects of our meal. And luckily they were very generous with it. Our two servers were proficient but not particularly warm which just might be the way things are done there. When we go to our usual spot we are treated like dear old friends so the contrast to us was obvious. But this is not a deal breaker as there are times we like to just go and not have to make an effort. Despite these few things we would certainly return to them and try more of their menu items but only on a Monday... 3.5 stars. youtube.com/watch?v=ftJZ…
The best Sushi place in Westchester ! Their sushi is fresh and delicious. Their Udon noodles are good too. I was not impressed with the Fried Oysters, though. It was not crisp, but wet and oily. When at Fujinoya, order their strength, ie sushi.
Best Japanese in Westchester! I've been here a few times and had the opportunity to sample a variety of their items.  All the sushi is fresh, delicious, and masterfully prepared, and the cooked dishes are equally outstanding.  The tempura, katsu, and other fried dishes are crisp and never greasy.  The teriyaki-- a dish I almost always find to be dry, bland, and forgettable-- is charred, tasty, and moist.  Even the miso soup and side salads show an attention to flavour that's lacking in other less authentic Japanese restaurants. This combination of fresh ingredients, perfect seasoning, and expert preparation gives me the confidence to order anything on the menu and know my stomach will be very happy! The portions are more than adequate and the prices, especially considering the quality of the food, are totally reasonable. Don't be surprised if you need to sit at the counter or wait 10 minutes for a table, as this cozy restaurant seems to be swamped at every hour.  Just be assured that the food is worth the wait!  (Once you order, the food leaves the kitchen surprisingly quickly ...  only to disappear even more quickly from my plate!)
This place was a surprise find. I totally relied on Yelp to check out this place. Few weeks back i was car hunting and i badly need to take some food to keep the work going. Pulled over to this place out of just random and was surprised to see a waiting time during lunch. We couldn't wait, so ordered to-go and got couple of dishes for me and my wife. Seriously, the fish quality was top notch and the price was very much affordable. The staff were polite and friendly. Would have wished to dine in, but definitely will consider this place if i drive by again in this area. Recommended.
The shrimp tempura roll and california roll are phenomenal. The gyoza dumplings are also out of this world. The chicken Teriyaki is also great for the entre. It comes with a nice salad with ginger sauce and some miso soup. This place is really small, so you will probably be met with a 10-20 min wait. But it is so worth it! The food is just out of this world and is very fresh!
Decent Japanese Food.nothing more. Weekday lunch set seems cheap.
This is my favorite Westchester restaurant. Best Japanese for the price around these parts. The fish is of excellent quality. The kitchen entrees are traditional and delicious. Some are quite creative. That said, if you come here expecting a home-grown Japanese restaurant, go to Sushi Mikes or something. (Not to knock Sushi Mikes, it is what it is.) Fujinoya is as authentic as any Japanese restaurant I've visited. Sazan, in Ardsley, also feels this way. Have I been to Japan? Nope. How do I know it's authentic? I don't really. What I do know, however, is that you must be an open and adventurous (and patient) American to get the most out of this place. There are all sorts of obscure and interesting things on the menu. Try them all. You won't find them at other Japanese restaurants. Service is prompt and friendly. It's a small space and there are only a couple waiters. The interior is quite lovely, actually. Family-oriented and casual. Oh, and it's really well priced.
Unfortunately, my experience did not mirror that of the other poster.  Granted, I stopped off to grab some takeout, but it was enough to check out the place.  The place is real small (like a dozen tables small) and the heat was on so high I ended up waiting outside the restaurant in 20 degree weather rather sit on the surface of the sun. My takeout was very plain sushi with a handful of rolls, and did not blow me away at all.  If anything, it made me wish that I got takeout at the Quiznos down the street as it was cheaper. All in all, it was a very un-memorable experience and with so many other options in the area, likely the last time I will visit.
The only Japanese restaurant where you can get a real bowl of ramen and the freshest sushi in Westchester.
This place is amazing.  It is small, and the decor is pretty plain, but the atmosphere is very nice.  The service is very friendly (we went in to get take-out once, and they served us tea while we were waiting!).  They have a large variety of cooked food and sushi at very reasonable prices.  They even have one of those wonderful menus with a picture of every dish. The fish is very fresh, and the sushi is tasty and delightful.  I have not tried the cooked food due to my allergy to soy, but my fiance has had cooked dishes each time that we've been there, and he's enjoyed it as much as I have. My favorite thing that is unique to them (as far as I know) is a sushi roll with lettuce and tomato inside--salad in a sushi roll, essentially.  My favorite salad of all time! I have, unfortunately, just had to edit this review to reduce it to 4 stars from 5.  Fujinoya has raised their prices, thereby pricing us out.  We can no longer afford to go to dinner there unless some very kind person decides to pay for our meals.
This place is authentic. Unlike many Japanese restaurants -- which are actually run by Chinese folks -- this is the real deal that attracts Japanese diners. Another reviewer mentioned the much-beloved former Tsuru (under it's prior ownership) and that's a great comparison. Like Tsuru,  Fujinoya has a menu that's actually more like an extensive food photo album, filled with tasty pictures of what's available. Appetizers are mostly in the $5 - $9 range. We had a nice hijiki ($5.50) and agedashi tofu ($6). The sushi starts at $15 and goes up to $30; very fresh and tasty. More than two dozen individual rolls are available ($3.50 - $9). We went for dinner but there's a lunch menu that I want to try some time ($9 - $12). Prices are reasonable for what you get. The room is cozy. Service is attentive. We'll definitely go back!
Superb Japanese cuisine and great Mon-Fri lunch specials. My family's go-to place for Japanese food!
Hard to believe that I'd find a Japanese restaurant that I love so much, in Hartsdale of all places.... but it's true. Most places that do a bit of sushi, a bit of noodles, a bit of teriyaki end up being a whole lotta mediocrity. I've never been a place that does it all and does it all well. I can guarantee that you can blindly pick any single item on that menu and you'll enjoy it: rolls, ramen, donburi. And if the excellent food isn't enough to get you to try it, the $2 Kirin and $3 House Sake should be the nail in the coffin. My only complaint is that there are too few seats! Come on Fujinoya, go ahead and buy that IHOP next door and expand. Those people wouldn't know good food if it hit em in the chin, anyway =X
Best Japanese food I've had in Westchester. My lady friend enjoyed it so much the first time she was begging to go back, so we did. In total we had yakitori, kushi yaki, shumai, anago tempura roll, salmon mango roll, another roll with unagi that I forgot the name of, and yaki udon, and it was all delicious, reasonably priced, and complemented well by hot house sake for only a few bucks. We also tried a cold sake that was kind of milky and it was sort of interesting, but I preferred the warm one. Good service and I noticed only Asian people eating besides us. The one downside was a cold noodle dish, I think it was zaru soba, which was bland. The yaki udon was much better.
We went to Fujinoya shortly after moving to Hartsdale and I'm happy that we did. We arrived on a Tuesday evening around 6:45 and we were told we'd have to wait about ten minutes for a table. The dining area is not very large, the space only has about half a dozen tables plus the sushi bar. We were told that if we wanted to get the bento box we needed to let them know and order it prior to 7:00. We were seated about five minutes prior to 7:00 and my partner and I both opted for the bento box while my friend ordered a noodle dish. In my bento I opted for the spicy California roll, chicken teriyaki, and tempura. My partner opted for the spicy California roll, sashimi, and fried oysters. The bento box costs $15 for dinner and includes your choice of three options, rice, salad, and miso soup. I was very happy with everything we ordered. They also have $2 Kirin Ichiban drafts which is a great deal. My biggest complaint about Fujinoya is that they have a $20 credit card minimum, which just seems unreasonable, especially given the fact that the law allows for credit card minimums of UP TO $10 (Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010).
The new sushi chef in Fujinoya is from the old Tsuru restaurant.  He's the guy with one lazy eye and who would always be the first to yell "irrashaimase!" at Tsuru.  For anyone familiar with how good Tsuru used to before before it changed owners, you know how much win this is! Food, as always, is excellent.  I've added the battered scallops, maguro nutta, shishamo, salmon carpaccio, yamaimo sengiri (grated yams) and the zaru soba to my repertoire.  All are great.
I came here with two coworkers mostly due to the Yelp reviews. But after eating my way through this restaurant, I have to say I give a "Meh" for this place. Starters: Sapporo beers all around. These each came a small platter of crispy rice crackers shaped as seashells. Not very tasty but I love beer with munchies. We were served by a kind Japanese woman who was very cute and had a thick Japanese accent. The state of the restaurant and its menus were a bit dingy. The menu covers needed replacing; they were cracked plastic. Their contents held a great deal of photos of dinner options. I decided to share the $35 mixed sushi boat with a coworker, and the third party ordered shrimp tempura (not a big raw fan). I also ordered a seaweed salad and we each were served a bowl of miso. The seaweed salad was delicious, with a mixture of three types of seaweed and served with a lemon side. Yum! This was the highlight. The shrimp tempura was its usual fried shrimp (I didn't try it; not a fan), and while the presentation of the sushi was pretty, the quality of the fish was pretty low. The normally red tuna was almost browning, the salmon was chewy, and the whitefish was also chewy and cut a little big to comfortably fit in my mouth. Really surprising, when you think about it, and especially as this is a Japanese restaurant. The ice cream was red bean, green tea and vanilla. Large scoops were given and the brand was right out of the freezer. Our total bill came out to about $120, including tax and tip, after ordering two more beers. Not bad, but I have to admit I am spoiled by an all-you-can-eat sushi place in Miami that is just $20 per person. Yes, it's true that White Plains is not a sushi mecca, but at least give me fish that is not chewy.
Best sushi in Westchester in my opinion. Small scale setting. Limited seats. Their ingredients are always the freshest around.
My favorite japanese restaurant in westchester PERIOD.  The comfort food here reminds me so much of the food i had in Tokyo one summer I was teaching there.  The lunch Bento box option lets you pick two entrees.  I picked the salted mackerel fish and deep fried oysters - That ish was BANGING like a gang fight!!  Did i mention it was only $10???  The oysters were tempura battered and were cooked perfectly.  The mackerel fish was salted and broiled - that's it.  it was truly the fish taste from the sea that made it so authentic.  The bento box comes with rice, some pickled vegetaables and miso soup.  Its such a steal for $10, anybody who orders it should be arrested for larceny Wifey had Yakiniku Don (Broiled Beef, Scallion & Onions Marinated In Teriyaki Sauce Over Rice).  Beef was flavorful and tender and definitely hit the spot.  It made me reminisce on the late night drunk eats at Yoshinoya in Tokyo.  I need to the try the other don buri bowls next time i go. This place is awesome and i need to go back soon.
OK, let me explain something to you first...I like the American style of sushi. Those crazy rolls "spicy mayo, a bunch of funkiness going on over here with mangos" types of rolls. Fujinoya is not one of those places. In my opinion, it's the closest thing that I've experienced to authentic sushi in mainland USA...not to mention Hawaii. I spent a summer in downtown Tokyo and this is exactly what I remember the food to taste like. No frills, extremely fresh, very polite service, and lots of cold sake...Yes, folks, cold...not hot. But I like them both. I had the kimpira, the yaki-udon with chicken, a shrimp tempura roll, salmon mango roll, and a rainbow roll. For desert...I had a vanilla mochi ice cream...only because they were out of matcha (green tea). Loved the place!
I went to Fujinoya last night (a Wednesday) and was alerted there'd be a 30 minute wait. I'd never been before so I put my name on the reservation list after scanning the place (small, packed and full of Asian diners). Wanting to check out the competition, I drove to the nearby Trader Joe, did some shopping and scanned the two other Japanese restaurants. Neither of them were as packed so I went back to Fujinoya and was glad I did. The waitress was very pleasant and seemed to drop off our next dish as soon as we put down the chopstick. I ordered salmon teriyaki w/ Fujinoya sushi roll and my boyfriend got the mango salmon roll. Both were divine and we left extremely pleased and full-- for just $25 per person. Can't beat that with a stick.
Totally authentic Japanese restaurant.  Great sushi, Katsu Don and Gyoza.  Super friendly service and a clean, quaint, quiet enviroment to enjoy it in. $2 Kirin Drafts & $3 House Sake deals reported here by others are for real.
The best sushi around this part of westchester. I always come here. Good service and great prices. Always fresh.
One of the better _authentic_  Japanese restaurants in the area.  Whenever I come here most of the guests are Japanese and that's always a positive sign.  Their sushi is good but nothing special.  Actually, I'd say that about everything I've had here.  It's good, solid Japanese food but nothing to go crazy about. The lunch specials are what bring me back time and time again.  I like the rotating specials.
Most authentic Japanese in Westchester. Their menu is HUGE, just pages and pages of detailed pictures (!!) of what they offer. And they do offer items that you probably won't find anywhere else in Westchester. I always get their sushi/sashimi combo, as well as some rolls, and am never disappointed. Fresh and generous cuts of fish. My brother always gets the chicken teriyaki and he likes that it's not charred, but browned just right with a mild sauce. The place is tiny, and pretty intimate and quiet, so I would advise people from going in huge groups. There's only like one-two servers working when my family goes, but they are always attentive and accommodating.
The best customer service. I highly recommend it to all my friends and family. Staff is always courteous and respectful. The only thing I might want to suggest lowering the temperature because the room is so small, that it gets stuffy sometimes. The raw fishes are always fresh and clean. I've never gotten sick from that restaurant because they have highly qualified sushi chefs. This restaurant should expand to a bigger place.
Recently, owner has changed. The quality of food and service has dramatically declined. I used to love this place just have easy lunch with friends. At the entrance, we were greeted by no welcome nor smile. There were 3 of us, 1 person was late, we asked for,the corner table (4 seats), but they said that table is for 4 people and she assigned us another table with 4 chairs..??? What's the difference !? Me and my friends ordered lunch special, man who served us brought us lunch box  and placed randomly on the table, didn't even bother to place on the right order. Of course, no smile no words. I found food quality went down dramatically. I couldn't even eat a half... I would never go back again. Too bad... This place was one of my favorite.
We have dined here around three times a month for the past several years. The food is very solid, which is why we are repeat customers. But the service is very uneven, esp that from the older waiter. Last weekend, he made me and my mother-in-law get up from the table he seated us because my wife had not arrived yet. Both of us had gotten knee surgery a couple weeks ago, and it was obvious we were hobbled. It was not easy getting out of the booth and having to wait in the lobby even though there were only two other diners there at the time. We are seriously reconsidering our continued patronage here.
I've been here numerous times and it has never failed me. It is the most authentic sushi place in the area and their sushi is always fresh. The workers are very attentive and friendly, and their food is reasonably priced. Everything I've tried here has been amazing.
This is a low key Japanese sushi place. They don't have any fancy rolls. They have a menu that consists of authentic Japanese foods. It is so reasonable priced. I eat here about once a week and I am never disappointed. They have lunch special Bento Boxes for 10.00 and dinner ones for 15.00.Japaneses beer on tap for 2.00 a glass. Awesome place with the best sushi around. Many Japanese people dine there which to me is an indication of the food being fresh and authentic too!
I just took the missus here last night even though I was just here a few days ago because that is how awesome I think this place is. Got a sushi platter this time and it was slam-bang! When you get two types of eel (fresh water- unagi and sea eel- anago) plus uni in your sushi assortment...you know the place is the real deal. And they were BIG pices...not the little things you get in the City for over twice as much price. And BTW...since every other table was filled with Asian clientele..thats another reason you know this place is damn good. Seek it out..it's worth it.
Do you really want a Japanese restaurant that offers very good hot foods and sushi, then you must come.  I recommend the bento box for dinner before 7PM.  The ramen is good and you can ask for (and pay) for extra noodles but good for cold weather.  Cold noodles good for summer weather.  Food and service is very good.  We are big fans.
You're all right!  This place is a little piece of Japan!!! Delicious authentic cuisine, excellent service, charming atmosphere.  This place is a must if you are a sushi fan!
My favorite sushi place outside of Manhattan. I live close by in White Plains and have many other choices for Japanese, but, this is my gold standard in Westchester. The food here is consistently superior in quality and presentation. White Plains, unbeknownst to many, has a large expat Japanese community. You will find many of them here at this restaurant on the weekends with their families because it serves the most authentic stuff at the fairest price in all of Westchester. Don't take my word for it, go see for yourself. Also, their 2 waitresses are pleasant, efficient and super hard-working. Tip generously, they deserve it. Only negative is the limited seating because of the small space.
Very authentic, fresh food. Excellent, attentive service. Fun crowd of Japanese locals shooting the breeze. Not cheap! This is definitely in the "spendy" category, even though the atmosphere is not quite fine dining.
Their sushi is so incredibly fresh and delicious! The sashimi just melted in my mouth, the uni especially was so creamy and rich! The miso soup had a very light delicate flavor and the green tea was nice and hand made (thicker viscosity)
Came here with high hopes but was not impressed, particularly when a dead fly poured out of the soy sauce. No Thanks.
An authentic Japanese restaurant with good food, reasonable prices, and good service.  I recommend the lunch box (bento) where you can choose two items from a wide variety of items.  I chose the sashimi and fried oysters which were both excellent.  For $10, I think that it was a very good deal.  I look forward to going again to try their dinner menu.  If you're looking for authentic and reasonably priced Japanese food in Westchester, this place is definitely worth a try.
Maybe my expectations were too high for this place after reading reviews on here.  Very small place, with a very long wait at noon on a Saturday..Everyone in the place was Asian- always a good sign.  Authentic Japanese feel, quaint ambience.  Very nice staff.  Best thing though was the $2 Kirin..., and also the green tea ice cream.  Bento boxes were a flavorless letdown (salmon teriyaki) as were the sushi rolls ...and whatever you try..don't get the eel.
This place is not bad. Everything on the menu is palatable, but what really makes this place great is the discount sake! This is not a bad place, and I LOVE the cute cups they use for tea. Tanuki!!!
Came here for a lunch with one of my customers.  We went their specifically for the box lunch.  We got the mango shrimp, california roll and shrimp shumai.  It was all really good.  They are reasonably priced and I'll definitely be coming back.
A friend that lives in Dutchess County has highly recommended this place. He would often drove down to patronize this place. We finally went after shopping at the new H Mart. Fujinoya has wonderful selections of dishes. We ordered grilled octopus which was wonderful. The sashimi was great but a bit pricy. Of course, we had the Kirin and Sake specials.
Best Japanese in Westchester (no, really). I had pretty much given up on ordering sushi in Westchester after trying too many 'best' Japanese restaurants and finding the fish basically inedible.  But I was in the area, needed to feed the family, and based on the reviews figured that a more or less noodle based dinner would be safe.  So we ordered a mix of items - gyoza, udon, soba, ramen, tempura, and a bit of sushi. And we were just blown away....everything was actually pretty good.  Not NYC (or Tokyo or Honolulu) good...but definitely worth eating.  The soba had a nice tooth to it, the ramen hit all the right notes, the tempura was correctly prepared with vegetables and shrimp that burst with flavor, and most amazingly of all the fish was fresh and tasty.  Woohoo! For those who care they have shochu though do not serve chuhai - the citrus was rather nice.  And my wife considered the house sake to be an amazing deal. Lastly, as others have noted,  the restaurant is a bit small for the demand (at least on a weekend night).   Plan accordingly.
My husband and I are a frequent customer here.  Love their food and changing menus.  If you go there on different days of the week, they have different specials.  Been there many times, never disappointed.
Great food and excellent service.  We went early Friday evening and were seated at the counter.  The restaurant is very small and was very family friendly.  They had a special place setting for our toddler.  Sushi and sashimi were very good, but our favorite was the pork katsu...it was very juicy and crispy.  Most of the clientele were Japanese.  They have a great bento box special before 7pm.  I am looking forward to going back.
So good! Very reasonably priced. Fresh & great service. What a hidden gem.
Purpose of visit: casual weekday lunch. A tiny little restaurant unassuming decor. Very efficient service. We ordered udon noodles and whole salted mackerel and salmon. Mackerel and salmon were crispy with very nice salted flavor. The lunch box additions of salad, rice, pickled cucumbers were a nice complement. We also ordered a mango salmon role. Very interesting with the mango Andy was worth trying. Overall a little gem of a place. Nice for a quiet intimate dinner or lunch.
I think this is an authentic Japanese place. Food is the best japanese in the area by far! The prices are good also. Plus $2 draft beers. I highly reccomend this place!
Very good food. Went last night. Had an eel avocado roll, a salmon roll, and a salmon and mango roll. Everything was very good. The seaweed salad was good. Servers were friendly but they seemed to rush us out. Definitely worth the trip.
Pretty good authentic place.  Lots of Japanese people eat there.  That is the acid test the fish is fresh and the tuna is not gassed with carbon monoxide.  Good value for the money.  The fish at Azuma is more select but at a higher price point.   The other sushi places on Central Ave. are Japanese menu Chinese restaurants.  OK for crazy rolls and kids night out.  If you smear wasabi on top your California rolls and then submerge it in Soy sauce stay with those places.  Like a pastrami sandwich on white bread with mayonnaise.
Only been there once, but this is amazing, authentic Japanese food. We had rolls that were delicious. And I kept eyeing the bowl of yakiniku don at the table next to me. If you like Japanese like they make in Japan, this is your place.
this was the third time i went fujinoya and the first time that i had their sushi.  i was totally missing out.  while i really their cooked japanese food (yaki-udon was great), the sushi tonight was the best i've had in a while.  each piece was a generous slice of fresh fish, making up for what seemed like a bit higher price.  the staff was friendly and it was actually a pleasure to sit by the sushi bar and watch the sushi chef at work.  i'm really excited to go back and have already picked out my next dish.  by the way, did i mention $2 draft kirin and $3 house sake? all in all a cozy little place to have some authentic japanese food.
Discovered this place this past weekend. The food is excellent, and the prices are very reasonable for the amount and quality of food.
This location has had numerous food establishments in for a short time. It seemed that what ever was in it would fail and fail Horribly. Looking at this place, it never seemed to be busy. Boy! was I so wrong!!! Wow!!!This place is amazing. The food was unbelievable. I had Monkfish Liver, Sea Cucumber, Fermented Soy Beans, and a few others things. The prices were right on for what you are getting, service was great.  The place is a little small so please contact me if you are going to this place. I want to get there before you, I hate waiting for tables.
We aren't sushi fans so we hadn't tried Fujinoya.  I totally regret it now!  The food is fabulous and there are lots of cooked items on the menu.  A great place if you like seafood.  The buckwheat noodles are really tasty.  Everything is fresh, the service is quick and friendly.  The sake and beer are inexpensive.  They don't take reservations.
best sushi hands down in the area. but the seating is limited. the restaurant is small. the staff is super friendly and omg the sushi is amazing. haha. yes you get the idea...the sushi is SOOO good. the ramen is okay. i like the grill calamari and mussel appetizers. prices are reasonable. bento boxes available during the week for lunch ahd early dinner. they offer daily specials.
Went for dinner on a Monday night. I was very disappointed, both with the quality of the food and the value for money. The California Rolls were stale tasting, with hardened rice and soggy seaweed. The sashimi in the dinner bento box were paper thin and small, I could barely taste them. I have eaten at many Japanese restaurants throughout the World, but this was one of the more disappointing ones.
Small restaurant. Clean. A "real" japanese restaurant.  Try the different daily lunch specials.  The NYTimes review is right but the monk fish liver is nothing too special.
Really great place, not too expensive. A nice place when you want a casual dinner out. Nice staff.
We catered lunch box from them.  As we were a big group (group of 30), they gave us a bargain price of $10.  They gave us several choices for the main item, which I thought was very nice.  I think it is hard to get a nicer lunch for $10 and they delivered it and that was a good thing.
the best simply the best. if you want to crave sushi again this is the spot. the owner and old chef are kind of snobish to non asian. but the food is off the charts great. anything you order is top notch.
Fantastic sushi, sashimi, tempura, udon, ramen, and other excellent cooked japanese dishes.  Attentive service, top cooking, and the freshest ingredients.  Everything you would expect from a quality restaurant. And very reasonable prices.  Excellent for families as well.  Definitely a find.  Highly recommended!
Great, basic sushi. No fancy rolls that combine 3-4 different fish and are hard to fit in your mouth. They also have many appetizers, noodles, and rice dishes.  Service is quick, waitstaff is very pleasant.   Place is very small (6-7 tables plus sushi bar) so if you are going there on a Thurs-Saturday night for dinner, it's better to call ahead to make a reservation.
Excellent sushi restaurant, fresh fish in the seafood salad, the many appetizers we tried (four people), never hit a wrong note, Yakitori, shumi, etc. main dishes fresh, like teriyaki salmon, superb. I had the tendon, large carefully cut pieces of raw fish, eaten off the chopsticks bit by bit, molded on top of iceberg lettuce with their distinctive dressing, side of pickled cucumber. Would recommend to those who go for more authentic Japanese food than is usually found in sushi restaurants mainly catering to what Asians consider American tastes - blah.
great sushi......had the bento box and got a choice of three outta about 15 choice, mine were the spicy california roll, sushi, and salmon teryaki....all very delicious!!!  def recommend comming here for dinner....
Fujinoya is the best place for sushi in Westchester! Nothing else I've had in the area compares to the taste and quality of their sushi (though, I'm not a fan of raw fish so I only order cooked sushi, i.e. eel avocado, dragon roll). The sushi I've tried was always fresh and delicious. The service is excellent; the wait staff is attentive and polite. There was one hot summer day we were there that really made an impression on me: we had to wait to be seated, so the wait staff offered us chairs by the register and asked us if we wanted two glasses of cold water which we gladly accepted. (And yes, the AC was working). Then, after we ate our meal, they gave us cold slices of watermelon on the house. They made me feel like family. The atmosphere is pleasant and comforting, much like being at home, even though the space is not huge. The wait can be long sometimes, so try to get there early. It will be totally worth the trip.
