I love this restaurant they have the best burgers. Every time i get a bacon burger with blue cheese crumbles and American cheese on top. Friday nights are good also they have 2.50 pitchers till 9. It's a great restaurant i come here all the time good service also have TV's to watch the games. if you're in New Paltz and your trying to choose from one of the many restaurants in the area I would Definitely choose this one every time
Everytime I dare to venture out of the city, I treat each dining experience as a culturally enriching one, an experience where a tiny slice of the townsfolk gather and engage in communal dining. Endemic human behaviors are observed, and mental notes are taken. P&G's appears to be a gathering area for silver foxes who needed a breather from their wives on a Sunday so they can watch football, disturbance-free. It also appears to attract the family with two children, the solo aged diner, and the out-of-town couple. Portions are large and prices are cheap, and service is sparklier than I've been inured to in NYC. The fried chicken I got was, well, fried. There wasn't anything special about it, nor did I expect it to be. But there's a whole lot of greasy, freshly fried calories if that's what you were looking for, and I was.
P&G's, affectionately known as PIGS, is not only a staple in New Paltz, but a must stop. Whether you want a cup of soup (their New England clam chowder is to die for), a steak, or a burger, with everything inbetween, you are in the right place. Their staff is welcoming and their food is top notch. Amber, Jeannine, Marcus, Susan, and everyone else is wonderful!! If it is a little night life you are looking for P&G's has that too. Open until 4 am most nights, you will never be disappointed. Thursday night is Towers, with giant vats of beer lining the bar as you enter. It is a big hit among the younger crowds. Every night of the week has some kind of special. There is literally something for everyone. Even the history buffs have something to do. The back of the menu has the history of the building from the time it was The Casino at the turn of the 20th century to now. Come enjoy dinner in a family friendly atmosphere and then party all night long. You won't regret the visit!!!
I haven't been here in at least 4 years. The food was ok! But the service was really slow and the kitchen was gross! The floor had a thick layer of grease on it! Looked like they never cleaned the place!
I wish i lived closer. The chicken franciase was coated in light and fluffy batter and the ribs were tasty without being overpowering.
Great atmosphere, service and food.  This place has been here for years.  We had wings, turkey burger, chicken sandwich and seafood salad.  All were great and fresh.
Fantastic place for lunch or an early dinner, wait too long and it turns into the boom boom room...aka college kids doing what they do. Wall to wall, shoulder to shoulder meat market. Anyway, the food is always good, the daily specials are great. A couple favorites below: - Salad, great assortment of veggies and croutons (gotta have croutons) - NE clam chowder, so thick it's almost like a stew - steak sandwich, real deal steak on bread, not steak-um - salmon sandwich, real deal salmon filet, not a formed patty - prime rib, it's usually a special on Th and Sat. Just a good cut of meat
At least that's what everyone says! School was out and it was a Wednesday night in the summer, so the place wasn't crazy at all. Still there were a wide variety of people and characters that dropped in. A very comfortable divey sort of roadhouse/pub atmosphere working here. Friendly and good service. Average food. New England Clam Chowder was pretty tasty. Fried Calamari was a tad overcooked and therefore tough. Fried clams were of the frozen supermarket kind. Turkey burger was fresh ground but a bit dry. The batterless fried spanish onions were delicious! Home brewed ice tea was great as well as the Laguanita IPA. Didn't have room for dessert. Next time I'll try the ribs.
Got kicked out by Mark (Mr. P&G'S forever) for a semester for attempting to snag a bottle of vodka with friends. Really a NP landmark and must pop in coming from a bias alumni. Pigs is a big part of NP culture with a relaxed visually dim vibe that has with stood the test of time and must be experienced.
This is a difficult place to review considering I hardly ever ate here... mostly went for the nightlife during college. But I will review the food that I've had the several times I went! Any sandwich/burger is very good here. I have had the regular cheeseburger, turkey burger and chicken sandwich. All great. As for the sides... like another Yelper. The eggplant fries WOW. A must try. So crispy and unexpectedly awesome. And their sweet potato fries aren't too shabby either. P&G's is interesting in the sense that it's a family eatery by day and college student hot-mess by night. Although all the crazies are here... P&G's has brought a lot of great memories. My friends always partied here and it was a blast. Yeah, there's those night you wish you didn't remember but if you were with the right people... there's no worries. The music was good and the drinks were cheap. Tower hour was a blast as well as happy hour. It's fun when there's just enough people to call it a crowd. But on the dancefloor when its body-to-body contact... not always the best. Then that's when you re-locate to pizza parlors. You never know who you're going to meet here.
Food is great, environment is even better. It's always upbeat at P&Gs no matter what time you're there. The burgers are way above bar-burger average and their chefs are quality. I ordered a rare steak and instead of cooking it wrong, like most other bars would do, it came out a perfect rare. Delicious.
Nice place for burgers.  Mine was a bison burger, complete with sweet potato fries, which were excellent. My fiance had a salmon burger, which was disappointing.  It was overcooked, lacked seasoning. My fiance also had a Pilsner style near beer which was not terribly interesting.  I had iced tea.  We skipped dessert. We know better what to order next time.
Ate here with my girlfriend for dinner. Good amount of seating but benches close you in and are fairly uncomfortable. Has a bar type atmosphere. A good place to eat if you are looking for traditional American style dining. Pricing was very fair. While here, we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. Not a creamy traditional dip but it was still tasty. For an entree, I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap with mashed potatoes and I enjoyed my meal very much. My girlfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a baked potato which she liked as well. Service was good and the food came out pretty quickly. Seems like it would be a good place to watch a sporting event as well. Overall, good quality american restaurant.
While this place is famous among students in New Paltz, I found it very mediocre. The food is nothing special.  The only food I remember is their French Onion Soup.  That was good but again nothing spectacular.   At night, depending what day, they have different kinds of music going on.
Wow.  I got the first review for P&Gs aka Pigs?  I'm very shocked.  Let me say that P&Gs has over 10 years of quality memories for me.   When I lived in New Paltz, I lived right around the corner on Church Street.  I was ALWAYS there.  From Weds to Saturday nights, every week.  Weds is Karaoke Night and that is always a great time.  $4 pitchers?  Word bitch! Friday's Happy hour?  It's funny thinking that I would be in that bar with my peeps easily from 5:30pm til 4AM on Fridays!   Technically, it IS a frat bar so it's not uncommon that you walk into this crowded place and no one will talk to you.  Sometimes, membership has its privileges.  It isn't the HOT spot it was 10 years ago though.
We decided to grab a bite at P&G's and it was certainly an.. interesting experience? We arrived in and two waitresses were standing in the middle of the dining room chatting, they stared at us for a moment and then continued chatting. It took a few minutes before the very sweet hostess came along and led us to our table. After a few minutes and two passes, one of the chatting waitresses came over and took our order. Now, one of my pet peeves is how a waitress acts in the view of the diners, this comes from working customer service jobs for 7 years and I know what is expected. The chatting was a little irritating but what came next was really inexcusable. A patron who was waiting on her group whom had called earlier and wanted to grab a table. The other waitress whom was sitting there talking before really didn't want to have that happen and got a bit of an attitude with her. The hostess walked over, sweetly escorted the patron to her group which was on the other side of the room and the waitress walked away and ROLLED HER EYES. I was really peeved after that.. Not professional behavior at all! The only reason I gave P&G's a 2 star rating was the food was excellent. Other than that I will really reconsider eating there unless the staff gets their stuff together.
P&G's is a cornerstone of New Paltz, and they like to remind their customers of this by lining the walls with pictures of horses and buggies and the Huguenots (the immigrant settlers who founded New Paltz) who rode them. If only the Huguenots could see what goes on these days at P&G's on Friday and Saturday nights! P&G's, or 'PIGS,' as many of the college kids refer to it, is a tad divey in appearance, but that doesn't stop both the locals and tourists from stopping in for a bite to eat with their families. Interestingly enough, P&G's caters to just about everyone in the diverse town of New Paltz. The seats at the bar tend to be filled with bikers and locals who frequent the place often, while the dining room tables fill up with families and hungry college students looking for some fried food to go with their beer. On Friday and Saturday nights, however, P&G's turns into Animal House, as musclebound, Jersey Shore wannabes crowd the bar buying rounds of beers and shots for the young, sorority girls who may potentially go home with them. If there's one thing P&G's does well, it's catering to everyone in town, a feat very few places besides them pull off successfully. The menu is varied enough, and the food is serviceable, but it certainly doesn't have any wow-factor. That being said, I've found myself eating there on numerous occasions because the price is right and their specials rotate on a regular basis. They make a solid clam chowder, and when coupled with a house salad, you've got yourself a meal. The grilled vegetable sandwich, while a little sloppy, is satisfying and tastes good. If asked to recommend a restaurant by someone who's visiting New Paltz for the first time, P&G's wouldn't be my first inclination, but where casual bar food is concerned, P&G's does it better than just about anywhere else in town, and there's a lot to be said for that.
I've been going here for years...I'd say it's a local favorite. There's nothing amazing on the menu, although the waffle fries are pretty darn good. Over the years, the service has definitely gotten progressively worse--the last time I was in there, it took quite awhile to flag our waitress down for drink refills and our check. Still has great atmosphere and it's where I lost my karaoke virginity, so it will always hold a special place in my heart!
Eh... I've had much better. Burger's were nearly tasteless.  And what?  you have to pay extra for fries or cheese with it?  Does one free refill on sodas make up for that? Not really clean, bathroom kinda shabby.   Look around Yelp for better reviewed restaurants in New Paltz.  I wish I had.
What can I say... I've been here dozens of times but mainly because my father and his girlfriend used to practically own the bar stools at one end for many years. The food is pretty good and the bartenders have generous pours once you get to know them. It's certainly a NP tradition and institution for the locals. Great place to people watch from the large windows up front on a busy corner. Can get a bit overwhelming on the days/nights when college crowd takes it over although they mainly stick towards the back.
Im not crazy about the food here but when it comes to Tower Hour and Happy hour definitely the place to be in! Fun times here and plenty of bartenders to serve you. Good party bar!
P&Gs really has great food and such an extensive menu- there is no wrong choice! Fantastic restaurant that has been around for at least 35 years!!
A fun place, your typical college hangout with the same college bar food. Portions are large, the wait staff was a lot of fun and the service was fine. If your looking for a casual loud eatery this is the place.
Good food. Good times.
Okay food. Not the best grub in town. Service is good but it does get very loud and crowded at night. Looks like a pretty popular college student hang out spot. If you enjoy watching people get drunk, sing very loud, and spill beer all over the place then this is the place to go. I tried the fried calamari which was pretty standard and the St. Louis style ribs which was a little on the dry side.
We stopped in New Paltz on the way home from the ADK. What a nice surprise to find this restaurant in a quant college town. The service was outstanding in this open well lit pub. You could tell the servers all knew their job and worked together as a team. I ordered the french onion soup and half a BLT sandwich. It was delicious. My husband got the chicken wrap and it he enjoyed it too. The football game was on the tv and the locals enjoyed a cold beer while watching. Although we really liked our meal and the service we would try another place next time just for exploring purposes. Give it a try either for a quick meal on your way home or to Mohonk or just for a cold beer and a friendly crowd.
Food was ok.  Would I come again?  Not really.  Booths are uncomfortable.  Can't spend my lunch hour being uncomfortable.
If you've ever slept in the shadow of the Gunks, it's your birth right to grace this restaurant's door. Your parents ate here, your grandparents ate here, your great grandparents ate here. Your Aunt Millie's best friend's sorority sister partied here and met that guy who dumped her a month later. Everyone has been here. Why? It's a local institution stepped rich in local history dating waaay back to the last century. No, the century BEFORE the last century. The forefathers of the 'Paltz even partied here when it was known as 'The Casino.' This place has stood the test of time for a long, long time and luckily, is consistent with the food. This is really a no frills burger place, with added new additions to the menu, but that's it's charm. The food is tasty, some traditional offerings, some a bit more updated, but good quality and inexpensive. They're known for their Chili, Burgers, and atmosphere. The portions are good and you'll be satisfied with your experience. Again, the food is consistent and has been so over decades, which says alot. A word to diners over the age of 25 - be weary of happy hour on Friday's when college is in session - college kids are busy getting their drink on and making memories....and bad moves. Opt instead for lunch or Sunday through Thursday dinner.
P&Gs was THE bar when I was in college, and I assume still is. 20 years later, who knew they had such good food? And, they have a friendly, attentive wait staff who often help each other out. Now that I live back in the area, I get there frequently, and haven't had a bad experience yet. The specials are creative, the wings are fantastic, and I have a particular love of the potato salad (of all things). P&Gs IS New Paltz and its rustic surroundings and energy have to be experienced.
Oh no.  I hated this place.  Why?  The type of crowd that was always there.  Booooooo.
I've only been here for dinner on a Monday night. I can imagine this place gets rowdy and crowded and probably not too enjoyable for dining. But I'm only going to write a review for the experience I had there... The Service: Outstanding. The waiter was pleasant, attentive and very personable. Knew the menu inside and out and was really great. The food: 1.) Appetizer: Can you say EGGPLANT FRIES??? Holy Moses, one of the best "bar food" appetizers that I have ever had. Fried strips of eggplant with homemade marinara sauce. This is actually a "healthy" alternative to eggplant parmigiana for me [sans the cheese], and I would make the trip across the river just for a basket of these bad boys ANY DAY. 2.) Dinner: I had the veggie burger with alfafa sprouts, fried onions instead of avocado and swiss cheese. It really was one of the best restaurant-made VB I've had in recent memory. For the record, I'm not an officially declared vegetarian but I don't eat bacon and beef [basically cholesterol heavy meats]....and this was just a tasty burger all around. The beau had a regular covered and smotherd burger....P&G lives up to their burger reputation, beef and non-beef. 3.) Dessert: Which was unplanned...but the homemade raspberry cheesecake...so rich and decadent, how could you not? I purposely didn't eat it all so I'd have some to enjoy at home too. All in all, a great, affordable, delicious venue. I can't wait to go back if I'm in New Paltz again sometime soon.
Had a great lunch. Yes it is bar food (after all it is a gin mill) but with a twist the standards are there ie; wings, burgers and the like but also noticed and tried some things that where a step above the usual bar fare. Had the Corn Chowder and a Monterey chicken sandwich both excellent and inventive but familiar and comfort food at the same time.My wife had a burger which was also excellent ,prepared as ordered and a very large portion for a very little woman and would be big for big man. Waffle cut fries were tasty not greasy and service was pleasent and eficient. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere was a blend of local workers , students and families.
This was a great stop after hiking around the Lake Minnewaska area. We were looking for a nice sit down lunch and we found it here. I love nachos and no kidding, of all the places I have been, P&G's had the best nachos yet. Real melted cheese that was plentifully spread around the nachos and fresh toppings. I then had the P&G Dip which was a great lunch sandwich served with a side of choice. My girlfriend had the cobb salad which was a great size and delicious. It was lunch time and they were busy, but our service was awesome and the best part yet...Monday is 2 for $20. We got 2 fountain drinks, the small nachos (which are enough for 3 people) and both entrees all for $20!
I love P&Gs. I've been living in New Paltz for 5 years now and it's always my go-to place (except on Fridays because Happy Hour is earlier than I want my dinner). Thursdays and Saturdays have the prime rib which I really love. Other days of the week I'll get the great specials or the pulled pork sandwich or the open hot steak sandwich. Mashed potatoes are good, not great.  I always get the dinner bread, it's a fresh, warm semolina loaf that butter just melts into. In terms of the night scene, it's very popular and enjoyed. You have to go!
this restaurant is one of my favorite in new paltz.  yes, it's bar food.  but they're oh, so, good at it.  i'd avoid it during the crazy happy hour rush if you're just going for food, but otherwise, you can see why it's one of the most popular places in new paltz.  the portion-to-price ratio is terrific, and if you go on mondays, they have a "two for $20" special which includes 2 entrees, an app, and two drinks.  we've come many MANY times, and i'd say 90% of the time, service has been great.  occasionally, we'll get a bad waitress but it's not something we ever question or worry about since it's so infrequent.  extensive menu as well.  you won't be disappointed!  street parking abounds, and there is a municipal lot across the way on the starbucks/chase side, but there's also some parking in a lot underneath the restaurant, though it's typically pretty full.
We picked this place cold from among the options on this stretch of Main St for a recent lunch purely based on the steady stream of people flocking here. Was P&Gs deserving of the title "Cornerstone of New Paltz" as their sign boasts? We were determined to find out. As it turns out, they serve 3-star run-of-the-mill American pub food (burgers, salads, sandwiches, a chicken quesadilla, etc), but they get an extra star for the prompt, warm, and friendly service.  My "San Francisco" clam chowder had a nicely flavored tomato base, and while my Reuben sandwich was good, I have had better. I appreciated, though, that they didn't treat my side choice of salad as an opportunity to get rid of some wilting greens; a variety of fresh lettuces were served in a separate bowl garnished with grape tomatoes and crunchy croutons. Verdict? Solid, sturdy food, befitting a cornerstone.
totally bar food, and good. not amazing, but fills you up! two things worth trying: reuben & the hot open steak sandwich. chowder is tasty, oh and large portions. grab a beer, do some people watching out the window and chow down. went here for one halloween, and it was completely wild, and over packed. and full of slores.
Its your typical bar food, pretty good but nothing to write home about. The potato skins are pretty awesome!
Good, solid bar food. This place is my default lunch option for New Paltz. I've never had a really memorable meal here, but I've never had a bad one, either. I usually opt for the rueben, with a side of macaroni salad. Both are tasty.
Crazy night life and we turn it back into a family restaurant before lunch time. Amazing.
Good standard pub grub. The service can be fair to good.  Nothing stands out, but it's not bad. A local mainstay, it can get a bit loud.
Cheap beer, friendly bartender, and eggplant fries on the menu.  Eggplant fries were a first for us, but boy were they good.
We have been  eating at P & G for five years now and have always enjoyed the atmosphere, food and service.  Sadly, we were very disappointed on last weeks visit.  We had friends in from KC and chose P & G thinking we would all get a yummy meal in  a fun place.  The service was awful-actually there was none.  No one came over to our table so we finally hailed someone down.  Service improved after that, however, the food was  barely fair.  We will not take people there and we probably will never go back.
Great, cheap bar food!  Nothing fancy, but lots of great option for under $10 as far as burgers and sandwiches go, and a few fancier options for $10-$15.  They give HUGE portions of seasoned waffle fries with the sandwiches and they're some of the best fries I've ever had.  I personally recommend the veggie burger with guacamole!  However, be aware that the drink specials aren't until after 9 PM!
Mediocre bar food.
