Great place to have a casual yet delicious meal. The food was fresh, the service was prompt and the atmosphere was comfortable.  My husband had  oysters that were freshly shucked and grouper with a shrimp sauce which was covered with large shrimp.  I ordered the rack of lamb and it was tender and delicious. It should be mentioned it was a full 9 rib rack!  Unheard of at most fine restaurants.  Each main course was served with fresh vegetables and potatoes, rice and beans. Many classic choices for dessert and coffee. The flan and espresso were both good.  We will definitely return
Excellent choice for a restaurant. I booked here for a bday dinner with the girlfriend and from the moment we sat down until we left I thought this was one of the better experiences I've had at a dining establishments. Firstly the restaurant is located right next to a lake so if you're sitting close to the window you get a really nice view of the street and the lake as the background, they picked a really good spot for location. The decor and furnishing were all very well done and clean and definitely a very intimate dinner as it wasn't jammed packed with people These are what I tried at the restaurant - Jumbo Shrimp Pan - The sauce is tomato based so it feels closer to a shrimp cocktail but not as acidic. Shrimp was really fresh and huge as the menu suggested they were really jumbo shrimps - Little Neck Steamed Clams - The white wine brings out a really nice flavor for the clams and the sauce is good for dipping bread with. - Brook Trout Filet Pan - I think this was the first time I've seen almonds on a fish but they really go well together. At first I thought might be a bit too dry since fillet was covered with almonds but the fish was really flaky and moist that they really go well together. I remember I really like the broccoli too they were really nicely steamed. With the food alone I probably would've given the place 4 stars but it really went above and beyond when I asked them to bring out the cake that I've gotten earlier. I had no idea they were going to actually plate the cake and add sliced fruits to go with it all free of charge. I was very pleasantly surprised and really appreciate they did that for us. Definitely a great place to visit for special occasions or if you have friends in town. i think you'll really enjoy the place as much as I had.
It is a privilege to voluntarily write a review of a restaurant simply because everything about it is top notch.  Thus is the case with Aquario Restaurant in Silver Lake, New York. My parents live a hop, skip and a jump away and became instant fans the day they first stepped foot inside, years ago, and relished their meal with friends.  Since then they've been regularly patronizing the establishment and recommending it to friends and family.  I live five hours away, but, due to their raves, have always wanted to try it when I visit.  Aquario Restaurant became my new favorite venue for seafood!  (In fact, I'm mostly a vegetarian but make the exception for Aquario ... OK, and premier sushi ever so rarely.)   There is a reason people travel long distances for the first rate dining experience Aquario proffers, and Manuel Cabral, the owner, makes everyone feel like family, welcoming customers as we enter the restaurant.   Aquario Restaurant is fine dining's gold standard. It's a privilege to patronize Mr. Cabral's phenomenal restaurant and extend this glowing review!
So I was flying out on a private chartered plane out of westchester county airport and thought to myself.....I am hungry!  Where can I get lunch at a really nice place?  Alas my yelp brothers.....you led me to this restaurant.  What a great lunch we had.  Very relaxed vibe in an authentic portuguese restaurant.  We started with a vinho verde (very reasonable prices) which was excellent.  Did I mention that both our attentive waiters were excellent?  Ok so the place was empty but I have still had questionable service at an empty restaurant.  We decided to order some appetizers sort of tapas style.  The octopus was delicious and perfectly seasoned.  The shrimp was in a tomato based sauce and it was amazing.  Lastly we ordered the sardines which is a classic portuguese dish and it was very tasty.  I will say sardines have tons of small bones in them so be prepared to dig them out.  Very nice ambiance, food and service!  I would highly recommend this place.
Stunningly underwhelming.  I know they have a kitschy rep for being aloof when you walk in, but no matter what you ask or at what point, you are their third priority.  Can I have some water please?  Yes, after I set this table for no one, put some flowers in a vase, and then go get the water pitcher.  Can we please have menus? Yes, after I seat these people, talk to a bus boy about his mother, and then go look for menus.  The paella was flavorful but uneven - the chicken was pretty gross and the shrimp was horribly overcooked.  The crab legs were okay, but tiny.  Kids menu had no vegetables.  Appetizers were uninspired and overpriced.  Didn't do dessert - the meal had gotten so leisurely we had to get out of there. Decor is almost worth the trip, though; it's like eating in the 1950s.
Excellent food!!! Never had a bad meal here - fish is always fresh. Must try the shrimp in cognac sauce appetizer - amazing & addicting. Service can be a bit slow at times, but Manny always goes out of his way for customers - a true gentleman. A guaranteed excellent meal 100% of the time.
Linguine with shrimp in the cognac sauce was really good. No side of veggies were given to is this time, as in the past. Service was quite a bit slower than in the past as well, but it wasn't very busy. Maybe short staffed. Staff was very courteous and food was good
I did not eat here, but wanted to.  I had called for a reservation for two people at 5:00 PM.  I was told by the gentleman answering the phone that no reservations were needed, just come on in. I drove 45 minutes to the restaurant only to be told that no tables were available, try again some other time. When I told the desk man that I was told "come on in", no reservations needed, he responded "I'm sorry, we are full". I then asked, "why would they tell me just 45 minutes ago to come in if you knew that you would be full??" He replied "I'm very sorry, but we can not help you. goodbye". He then walked away. So I could lie and say that I was there to scout out a place for a BIG company event, but in reality, all I wanted was a decent fish dinner.  However, if this is how the staff treats ANY potential customer, I know right away that this place will never get any of my business. One star for having a parking space in front of the restaurant. Zero stars for everything else.
Omg, how to begin. Maddie and staff are great, if you love fresh seafood don't miss this place on a Saturday night. If you just want a quick snack and a drink, the menu is available at the inviting bar. The menu is great! We even had our wedding here, and they could not do enough to accommodate us. Great food, good people, nice atmosphere, great memories, who could ask for more?
Found our entrees to be fairly average here.  I know someone who flips over this place. Perhaps it was an off night.  Salmon entree was okay, as was the octopus app.   I would definitely ask the server next time for what dishes are recommended.  The grilled stuffed calamari did look good!  Portions are pretty huge. Loved the huge bunch of grapes given to us at the end!
Very friendly staff. Food very good Very nice atmosphere inside
We had lunch here on a Saturday and it did not live up to it's 4 star rating on Yelp.  First off, their website which has the dinner menu with prices said that they have similar items for lunch with lunch prices.  But the menu that we were handed at lunch had the same prices as the dinner.  I had intended to ask the waiter if we had been given the dinner menu before we ordered but I forgot.  We did ask for the ceviche that people raved about on the reviews and the waiter said that they didn't have such a dish??  Darn, this was one of the reasons that I chose this place.   Food -  3 stars.  The meat of my roasted duck was quite dry and the sauce was what saved it.  My fiance's salmon similarly had little flavor in the meat, and it was the hollandaise sauce that gave it flavor.  We were only one of 2 tables so the kitchen wasn't busy. Decor - 4 stars.  Nicely decorated with fresh flowers on the tables. Service - 3 stars.  I rate based on the price range, so at inexpensive restaurants I expect to call out to get my water refilled, and at expensive restaurants I expect to have my bread crumbs scraped away for me at the end of each course.  This restaurant's service fell squarely where it should have been for the price.   Value - 3 stars.  I was thinking 2.5 given that lunch was very pricey and nothing amazing (overdone meats with good sauce).  They do have good bread and offer free veggies and rice/beans as a side. I thought that the food was nothing amazing and you could definitely do better for the price.
Hands Down one of the BEST restaurants in Westchester.  Our favorites? We love the steamed clams in cilantro and garlic broth, the jumbo shrimp, the Branzino, the Shrimp with Cognac sauce.  Their wine list is also one of the BEST priced wine lists Ive ever come across.    Don't miss this Gem.
Love this restaurant.  Every time we go, I get the shrimp w/ cognac sauce dish and it is amazing.  Rich and creamy and full of flavors.  Great customer service, too.
OMG!!! I'm still at the restaurant and couldn't wait to write a review. The seafood is fresh and portions are big. The wait staff is attentive and courteous. The sangria is to die for either red or white. The black beans and rice are also a great addition to your meal. I had the butterfly jumbo shrimps with lemon sauce and my boyfriend had the Bronzini with a side of veggies and of course the rice and black beans. Will come back again!
Terrific restaurant with impeccable service. Menu has outstanding variety of fresh fish from Portugese specialties to trout with almonds, along with steaks, chops and poultry. Like Sabrina W., I am crazy for the shrimp in cognac sauce. I've been trying to convince the owner to share the recipe for ten years (a family secret, unfortunately). They offer the largest oysters I've ever seen. Really unusual. I can usually only get through 3 or 4 and I often have to cut them in half. Service always starts with a terrific bread basket and a small plate of sliced chorizo (sometimes crab cakes at night). Dinner and lunch finish with a plate of fresh grapes. Small touches, but incredibly welcoming! It's sometimes enough to wave off the dessert tray, but I recommend the chocolate mousse and flan if you have room. The owner is a real gentleman and remembers his customers (which is part of why you'll need reservations on a weekend) and he or the friendly waiters will occasionally comp an after dinner drink to the table for his regulars (of which, I am sure I can be counted). Nice selection of wines, including Spanish and Portugese specialties, and of course a list of ports. Quiet setting for serious foodies. Someday I will try a lobster out of their large tank, which seems to be a favorite dish of the crowd, but between the oysters and the shrimp, I am very content. My favorite restaurant in Westchester.
This is my first trip and I couldn't be happier. I had the swordfish with sweet balsamic onions and broccoli. The fish was grilled to perfection and the sweet onions complimented the dish perfectly. I added rice and beans on the side. The food is great and the service is friendly. I would recommend this restaurant.
I have coming here since I was young and have been to Countless Wedding and Parties Catered by Aquario Restaurant including my Wedding Rehearsal Dinner. With that said I am a regular and I have to Say this place is truly one of Westchester's best. This place has the Best Quality Portuguese Food in Westchester the Fish  is Fresh because the owner goes to the Fish Market Daily. Some Other recommendations are the Stuffed Grill Calamari, Pork and Clams, Paella. The other Reviewers are all right the service is Top Notch.
Since I've been living upstate, I haven't had much time to enjoy my Portuguese cuisine in Westchester. But as far back as I can remember Aquarios always had great food.. I just came back for a baby shower and everything was awesome. Seafood, Steak, whatever you get it wont do you wrong. I was at a table of 8 and everyone enjoyed their dish and they were all different. From the classic Portuguese Caldo Verde to the sauteed shrimp in brandy sauce down to my Bife a Portuguesa they didn't fail me! The service was good and if I was in the neighborhood more often I'd visit! But I'd have to be honest and say I have enjoyed some Portuguese restaurants a bit more.. but maybe it was because I wasn't going around the restaurant taking pictures and letting my food cool a bit. Obrigado Aquarios and thanks for the matches!
I come here every few months when I'm in the mood for cerviche. It's really fresh and delicious. I like their seafood stews as well. The complimentary roasted Peruvian corn kernels and the spicy cilantro sauce with the bread... I could just eat that for dinner. This place never disappoints and it's very reasonable. Friendly service, too.
love their food and customer service ! Great!
A+!  My mouth is still watering from the exceptional seafood and outstanding flan. The service was impeccable. The waiters were attentive and accommodating. The ambiance was perfect. Unlike many restaurants, we didn't have to scream to hear each other. Overall, we were made to feel like royalty! Keep up the good work, Aquario!
Excellent. This restaurant is a must on anyone's list of top seafood dining in Westchester and beyond; every detail is overseen by the owner, who greets you as you enter, seats you, and is ever present; great professional and friendly staff, even on busy nights, they don't skip a beat; FRESH and perfectly prepared dishes; nothing disappointed us from the moment we entered; BRAVO! I finally found a terrific seafood restaurant in Westchester.
Came here twice - first with a 90th birthday party and then with a girl. At the party I had the ribeye with shrimp which was very good if slightly more cooked than my desired medium-rare. I was envious of my mom's rarer sirloin so I got that the next time, and it was better meat although I missed the accompanying shrimp versus the portobellos. I had my first-ever snails here, sauteed in a cognac sauce with linguini, and I was a big fan. I also really liked the shrimp in cognac sauce they had at the party. At the dinner for 2 they brought out complimentary chorizo which was a nice touch. My lady friend got the oysters. I tried them and I didn't like - too slimy - but she enjoyed them and got 2 more after her initial 3. We also had a bottle of red wine from Argentina or somewhere, which was very good for under $30 and compared favorably with more expensive bottles I've tried.
Had a family celebration here. This is a restaurant featuring Portuguese and Brazilian cuisine.  I had an incredible Jumbo Shrimp Pan Sautéed in Cognac Sauce for starters (Say What???!) and followed that with a main course of a special of the day which was a filet with brocolli rabe mmmm mmmm. Mouth watering. Great wine menu. Luckily this was someone else's treat because the food is a little pricey but is worth it for special occasion. The staff was warm and friendly. I really felt welcome and taken care of while here.
I haven't actually sat down for dinner here but every year my family gets a roasted pig from here as an addition to our Christmas dinner. It is always cooked to perfection and is always a big hit.
If you want really good food and ambiance I would definitely suggest this place. Especially for a special occasion. I've eaten here a few times and haven't had anything I didn't like. Really good wine selection also. Definitely worth the price. You won't regret it!
This is the best seafood restaurant in Westchester. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge. The swordfish alone is worth the trip. And the wines are so reasonably priced you will think the menu is wrong!  Do NOT miss this gem.
the steamed clams are to die for...they come in a white wine, butter and cilantro sauce....a must have!!
I have been to this restaurant twice and both times the food was absolutely fantastic. The first time I went I was with friends who eat here regularly and we were treated like kings and queens. My husband and I recently went for dinner and the service was the worst we have had in years. Our waiter was reasonably friendly but inattentive. He was probably handling too many tables and just unaware of the needs of his customers. We often had to flag him down if we needed anything (as were others all around us). It took at least 15 minutes to finally have someone bring us water and we asked for things that we never received. In a nutshell, I was extremely disappointed with the service.  Had it been at least satisfactory I would eat hear more often and make sure to tell people about it.  But, as it stands, I'm not planning to go back unless we go with our friends who are regulars.
Delicious food, generous portions and fair prices. We have passed Aquario many times and finally decided to try it. Sorry that we didn't try it sooner. We will be going back soonn.
Attended a birthday party for 12 here and had a private room, attentive service and wonderful meals. The shrimp with linguine in cognac sauce was as delicious as others reported.
Aquario is an excellent Portuguese Restuarant.  The owner &amp; staff are wonderful!  The food is delicious &amp; great quality! The ambience is nice.
My favorite Portuguese restaurant in Westchester.  Nice ambiance, authentic portuguese food, reasonable prices and friendly staff.  Must trys includes the Caldo Verde soup, Mariscada, Jumbo scrimp in lemon sauce, Salmon dish.  There are so many wonderful dishes, hard to name them all.  Bom appetito!
Have been here over the years but on Friday nite I had the best seafood platter, the best sangria and the best service in a long time.  I highly recommend this restaurant!
I almost hate writing a review because this restaurant is a jem. Great good, reasonable prices and friendly service. One of the best reasonable finds in Westchester. The green sauce that comes with the bread is addictive and make sure you order the Ceviche sampler.
Had a hankering for seafood and found this yelp listing and figured why not? We had broiled octopus in butter and garlic as appie- though not much too it, the dish came out PIpInG hot (!) and the cephalopod was actually very good - no distinctive flavor, but a nice firm texture. I had the swordfish with carmelized onions which was delicious. Fish was broiled perfectly and onions were a very tasty accompaniment. Husband had sea bass in butter and caper sauce- very light and delicious!  Neither dish was particularly complex, but the favors were great and the service was also super.
I have mixed feelings about posting a superlative review, lest I be crowded out of a table.  I usually start with shrimp in cognac sauce or tomato-based clam chowder, followed by scallops, lobster, or, most often, any of their etherial fish dishes or seafood combos.  My mouth waters at the thought.  For meat lovers, the rack of lamb leaves me licking my fingers.  Aquario is the best value for a restaurant of it's class, and definitely worth a visit... Or three.
Have been coming here for years and the food, service and ambiance are always first rate. The seafood is always very fresh and well prepared. The wait staff is friendly, efficient and always make you feel welcome. If you are looking for authentic Portuguese food this is the place
