This place is the best bbq I've ever had. A couple of weeks ago I went to Fette Sau in Brooklyn and I waited in line for an hour and a half and paid $68 for the most mediocre bbq imaginable.  The next day I had no choice but to cleanse my pallet with the best ribs money can buy. You can literally grab the rib by the bone and the meat will fall off. Incredible flavor, high quality ingredients and very well trimmed. I was never a huge fan of ribs till I tried this place, but now I get from these guys 1-2 times per week.  The staff is polite, the delivery is very quick and the food is fresh. I have dreams about this place. I love you Ribs On The Run
I am so happy to have found this place, so close to home.  Hubby and I had a great meal here.  He went for the Baby Back Ribs & Fries.  I don't eat pork but I know he was living them and the meat fell right off the bone.  I had the Buffalo Wings & Fried Shrimp Combo with Mac & Cheese.  All were yummy but I just wish the wings had a higher degree of hottness.  I love pepper.  Since I couldn't have the entire menu, I opted for an extra order of Buffalo Popcorn Shrimp.  I don't usually like popcorn shrimp but these were well-seasoned and tasted great. Ribs On The Run is a BYOB establishment so feel free to bring some alcohol with you when you come to dine.  I wish I knew that before heading here.  I would have brought a couple of beers with me.  That would have topped the meal off perfectly.  I'll know for next time.
This place is something I drove by a million times and never gave a thought to stopping, then one day I just got hungry for ribs so I gave em a call. I got the BBQ Rib Dinner 7pc to go and it was some freakin good BBQ. The ribs are like fall off the bone tender, sauce amazing and you just don't want to stop eating. More than enough to share with someone or eat for next time. Big fan, will definitely come back again for lunch specials. Place is not exactly fancy but easy parking, the food is quality and done right.
bomb a$$ st louis rack my jeeeeezyyyyyy
Best ribs ever.  Shrimp is good.  Corn fritters are good.  Even the chicken is good.  You cannot go wrong.  Call ahead as you leave the house and bring it home.  If you want to eat there you can BYOB but it is more of a takeout joint.  Seriously, the ribs are so tender, I rarely order ribs anywhere else.
This place is soooo amazing. I was a little skeptical because it's definitely not the fanciest of places. It is one of the few places in White Plains with room for parking, however!! We waited 20 minutes for our food but it was 100% worth the wait! The mac & cheese was delicious, the pulled pork sandwich was perfect, and the bbq chicken my husband ordered was a HUGE amount of food and it was amazing! The ribs were tender, falling off the bone. My kids shared an order of the chicken strips and fries, again a huge amount of food and the chicken strips were amongst the best I've tasted! The cornbread was delicious as well. They have definitely made a return customer out of me... and yes you can BYOB.
I didn't think I liked ribs very much until now. We placed a huge lunch order for our office. I tried the Official  sandwich (fried chicken tenders, cheese sauce, bbq sauce, bacon) and enjoyed it a ton. My coworkers had some extra ribs left over and let me try some. Although I was completely stuffed at that point, I went up for seconds and maybe even thirds. These ribs are great. Like everyone else said, the meat is tender and falls off the bone. The BBQ sauce is delectable. I'm a rib lover now for sure. Also, it's important to note that all the sides we ordered were really good too. I feel at these types of places, the side dishes are usually an after thought but everything I tried was actually really delicious. The mac and cheese was cheesy and gooey, the cornbread was sweet and moist and the mashed potatoes were garlicy and creamy. Also, although we had a huge order, they didn't mess one thing up, were super nice on the phone, packed everything thoughtfully and neatly and delivered right on time.
Went here on a Friday night because my gf brought a $10 certificate on restaurant.com which was a good deal. The place was empty and cold they had portable heaters that were turned on when we came in. The food over all wasn't that bad. I had the fried Mac n cheese, beef brisket (which was really good) and potato wedges. I will be going back again soon
The food was quite excellent.  I brought the whole family.  We ordered st louis style and baby ribs and they were excellent.  The sides were great. my kids enjoyed.  I also enjoyed the friend shrimp.  For desert I would recommend the deep friend cheesecake.  Its a thin layer on the crust and not to overwhelming.  We got it with the chocolate sauce on it.
Both the baby back and St. Louis variety of ribs are delicious at this restaurant. The beans and pulled pork are excellent as well. Overall, a great choice for barbecue in the White Plains area.
Great food, loved the baby back ribs and the fried mac and cheese sticks!  Next time I'll leave room for dessert... fried cheesecake?!?!
Absolutely delicious had the beef ribs the the beef was falling off the bones. My mother ordered the catfish and couldn't stop talking about it. A little pricey but definitely will be eating there again.
Everything here is good. The ribs are good the chicken is good try the onion loaf, it is amazing. And their bbq hot sauce is super good. They even make a fried cheesecake with caramel drizzle that is to die for. Oh and they make corn fritters like the ones that the sizzlers use to make. Try it all. You will not be disappointed.
Great bbq! The baby back ribs fell off of the bone. Beans and corn bread with extra sauce were excellent! I have been back many times.
It doesn't get any better than this. You wont be dissapointed. This is our go to BBQ place. Whether it's the baby back or beef ribs they are 5 star all the way. Sides are killer too. Our family and friends love it here!
Place was fantastic.  The young lady upfront was very helpful being it was my first time.  I got ribs w cole slaw and potato salad.  It was all excellent.  The meat pulled clean off the bone.   Sauce was extra which seemed a little cheap.  50 cents or a cup of BBQ sauce when they don't provide one upfront was a little annoying.  Either way it was well worth the price.  Will be back no doubt.
Decent cheap, quick food, but definitely not the authentic barbecue I was hoping for. Coleslaw was definitely pretty good (creamy and crisp), and the cornbread was too (a classic sweet square). Mashed potatoes and gravy were both bland. Ribs and chicken were both tasty, soft and moist, but fatally oversauced to mask the bland meat.
I happened to stop by TJ Maxx the other day and since their parking lot was full, I parked closer to Ribs on the Run across the way. It smelled so good by their door I started doing double takes until I gave up on TJ Maxx and decided to go in and check out the food. The place is a total hole in the wall, complete with scratched up tables and mismatched chairs. Not that it matters much with that awesome BBQ smell wafting around. As for the food, they have a pretty standard BBQ menu; ribs, pulled pork, brisket, burgers and all the familiar sides like mashed potatoes, slaw, fries, mac and cheese, you name it. We went with the brisket and pulled pork plates along with fries, slaw and pickles. Man, the meat, slathered in their sauce, was really good. Fresh, tender, flavorful, everything you want your BBQ meat to be. Event the sides were outstanding. Prices were very fair, just over $20 to feed 2 people and then some. I actually went back to this place a few days later and it was just as great as the first time. Will undoubtedly be back sometime soon.
BYOB The wings are ok Ribs are tasty Corn fritters are outta this world Hot sauce is slacking Chicken Is bomb
Ribs here are solid. Actually very good. Meat was falling off the bone.  Very tender.   And the BBQ sauce was great too. I'd definitely eat the ribs from here again. Ordered a large rib combo meal with mash potatoes and Mac & cheese. The sides were nothing special. The portion of ribs seemed like a full rack. The guy taking orders behind the counter was helpful. I saw him answer like 25 questions another customer had. The place has a dumpy vibe. I almost got back in my car to leave but glad I didn't since the ribs  were so good.  Lots of special lunch combo signs printed off on a home printer and hung on the walls.  And they have some construction project going in the limited table area ( away from kitchen) with unfinished drywall hanging.   I was ordering take out so I wasn't there long but you're not going to be going here for the decor or ambiance.   See photos
Best bbq spot in the area. Love the wings & the pulled pork sandwhich is a must have ! I usually don't like coleslaw but they always make it fresh and it tastes amazing.
I have had the large rib dinner (St. Louis ribs) twice now and they are super delicious.  I've eaten BBQ of all sorts all over the USA and these ribs are among my all-time favorites.  I live in NJ, over an hour away, but I'd make the drive just to eat these ribs.  They're that good.
I've been coming to Ribs on the Run for years. I never stay in the restaurant. I just get the takeout. They do a great job cooking the ribs so they're always moist. The sauce could be more flavorful and might be disappointing to true BBQ connoisseurs. Once in a while you get a batch of ribs without a lot of meat on the bone but there's nothing they can do about that. I wouldn't go out of my way to get ribs here but I usually end up stopping by when I shop at TJMaxx.
Place looks sketchy at first but after you try the food you will change your mind forever. They don't have the "best wings in town" as advertised but close enough. All the other food (Mac n cheese ribs and chicken, also fried shrimp) are outstanding and they deliver! Check this place out you won't regret it.
