I was staying at the Courtyard Marriott which is pretty much next door.  If you like the dive bar feel than this is a good spot.  Lots of locals and the atmosphere was really chill.  Heather was the bartender and she was great.  Everyone at the bar was open to casual conversation and there was more than enough flat screens to watch whatever sports game you might be looking for.  I had Guinness and buffalo chicken tenders and I was satisfied.  They had a good size menu so there was something for everyone.  If your in the area and you want a nice relaxed spot to hang out at for a few drinks to relax than you honestly can't beat this spot.  I've already committed mentally to going back again tomorrow night.
Good bar, there appetizers are excellent. Ex: wings, quesadillas and etc. Hidden spot, friendly staff. Would have been 5 but been having issues on Saturday with calling in orders no one is picking up and the prices online aren't the same in bar.
Great little hole-in-the-wall bar. It's off the beaten path and fairly small, but that's exactly what I like in a bar. The pizza is great, but toppings are limited. Heather is the best bartender I've been served by in a long time. If I were a local, I'd be a regular. Even so, I'll be stopping in the next time I have to come out here for work.
We called ahead for a reservation and our table was waiting for us when we got there. That's about where the positive aspects of our meal ended. Our party of eight was given four glasses for water and one pitcher when nearly everyone ordered water. I asked what the soup of the day was and was told (in mid-October) that its too hot for soup. We waited half an hour after we were finished with our dinner without seeing our waitress.  As my Reuben sandwich sat in front of me for a long period of time it began to smell more and more like dog food. It was very unsettling.  When we finally flagged our waitress down we asked for our bill and were ignored for another 10 minutes. Another member of our party tried to ask the waitress for our bill again and we were purposefully ignored as she stalked off. Bottom line, the food was nothing spectacular and the service was some of the worst I've ever had. Avoid this place if possible.
Great local pub with delicious food and a good menu selection (mostly American cuisine, WAY better than your average pub food!).  We have tried multiple items on the menu and have never been disappointed.  My top recommendations are the pizza, fish & chips and the buffalo shrimp.
This restaurant would better be named Dementors because our waitress reminded me of the mythical Harry Potter creature that makes you feel you will never feel joy again. Aside from a brusk and gruff interaction to get our order, our party was completely ignored throughout our meal...no refills, no check-ins, no bill when we were ready to leave, no bill half an hour after we were done eating, no bill after we requested one multiple times, no bill after one of us literally walked up to her and tapped her on the shoulder to ask for it. The food was decent bar food, but nothing to write home about. All in all I would say avoid at all costs. If you're looking for good bar food and something resembling friendly and/or timely service, go somewhere else!
If your kind of bar is the place where heterosexual men order banana mudslides and rounds of strawberry daiquiris, this is your place.  The food was on par with a good catering truck.  The only bright spot in this bar was Trish BUT, I would have liked to have been there when she wasn't in such a hurry to get out the door.  If you're looking for a bar with attitude and character, this isn't it!
Nothing new to report here. The food was great the last six, seven or eight times I went here. Don't pass this place up folks. Good people and great food!
Demeters has a great setup and pretty good food. It has way more space than you'd think from the outside, and lots of TVs to watch all the games. Their food isn't exactly "elite" but their pasta dishes and standard game time food are great. The prices are a tad high for some things on the menu, but overall it isn't so bad. The service is pretty much always good with some exceptions. Demeters is great!!
Get the wings with the sauce on the side. Keeps 'em crispy. Real good.  Decent
Had a Guinness & cheesesteak for lunch. Place was hoppin' but still had room. Great service from Heather!
As local sports bars go, this one is tops.  The night of 12-12-12 concert was spot on with a great crowd enjoying the music and still being able to watch a couple of sports events on the televisions.  Heather .. well promoted in the other reviews .. lives up to the top billing.  She's been making it fun for a couple of years.  BUT she's going to Thailand for a few weeks sometime soon.  It won't be the same without her.
Great hangout bar. Small but relaxing dining porch. Delicious burgers and subs, especially the rolls.  Staff is friendly but not to a fault.
The place has a great vibe. As soon as we walked in the door Heather greeted us with a smile and warm welcome. The wings were OK. I had teriyaki with the sauce on the side, and my friend had hot sauce on the side; hot is the way to go. Heather has good beer knowledge and was more than just our bartender; she was part of our conversation. The place is laid back and I'd put money on the Reuben as being good. I will definitely be back next week when I find myself in town.
I went for dinner last night...as soon as Heather the bartender heard I was from Chicago, the Cubs v. Sox game was on a TV right in front of me.  Food is very good, atmosphere awesome.  Heather is the best!
I walked into this bar not knowing what to expect. Im Canadian and not familiar with the area at all, and after spending a few hours I feel like I'm home. Heather the bartender ( beautiful eyes) is absolutely the best bartender. Come down, great burgers and the locals are cool, they love shots and Canadians, nuff said.
Genuine people, great jukebox, hot and tasty food
This place is awesome! The staff is friendly as well as the customers and the food is always great.  It's laid back and relaxed ... Nothing fancy but so down to earth. The owners are both nice people too. It's definitely a great place to bring kids but also fun for late night drinking. I've been there for Sunday football and what a crew that is! We had so much fun. Everyone jokes with each other and just has a great time ... It's like family once you get to know everyone. I absolutely think this is the best bar around.
heather, with a lower case h...went to Demeters on a whim, and on recommendation of this heather person.  Worse than being a Phillies fan, she had a Flyers shirt on.  Luckily the food wasn't as bad as her choice of hockey teams.  Got the Demters burger, wings, and dessert.  Food was good.  Drinks were flowing.  Atmosphere was great.  Good service, good food, and packed crowd for a Monday Night Football game.  I'll return if I'm in the area.
Great local sports bar with good eats and great staff, especially Heather even though she's a Phillies fan. Plus, free shuttle to and from the Sheraton Tarrytown close by.
In the White Plains area for work and stumbled upon this place with the help of Yelp. A short walk from the Sheraton in Tarrytown, I can honestly say that I have never walked into a friendlier or more hospitable place. Bartenders make a sincere effort to know your name, include you in conversations, etc. Had a BLT on Thursday and just some zucchini sticks as an app on Friday. Both good. TV's wherever you look and they know their sports. Great crowd, great staff, great place.
This is a neighborhood dive bar not pretending to be anything else. It was close to my hotel, so I walked over around 6pm on a Monday (you'd never know it was there until you get right up on it. I found it via Google Maps). The two female bartenders were very friendly and they had strong opinions about football that got heated once it was asked who the most over-rated QB is (Eli Manning was the consensus choice). Note, this appears to be a Philly bar as I saw several Eagles and Phillies items behind the bar. The bartender banter is a major plus and the main reason I gave it three stars. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck wish they could write banter this authentic. I wanted to write it down for my own screenplay. It was classic. Atmosphere was casual, as any dive should be. Beer selection was crap. This is one thing I hate about dive bars. I'm a beer snob and that's that. Brooklyn Lager was the *best* beer they had. Ooomph! I liked the friendliness of the people so I looked past this, but it was a mighty effort on my part (pats self on back). I ordered a quesadilla and a Brooklyn. The quesadilla was decent. The Brooklyn was, ya know, it was there. I didn't spit it out, so there's that. It was a light night, but there were enough patrons to keep the banter lively.  The bartenders kept everyone engaged. They were fun and lively and attentive. I would definitely go back, if only to enjoy the personalities. It's like an improv comedy show with no cover.
No matter where you are from, this will feel like your favorite local bar. Always good conversation, decent selection of draft and bottle beers, and great food. The pizza (made to order in a legit pizza oven), crispy hot wings, baked pretzels with spicy mustard, and the classic roast beef sandwich with au jus are a few of my favorites. Lot's of TV's for all the games and once the sports are over, the touch tunes jukebox facilitates an eclectic patron playlist. All of this plus the two of the most awesome bartenders (Matt and Heather) on earth, and this is easily one of the best local bars everyone should plan to visit.
Can't really rate it as we couldn't get in but just wanted to let yelpers know they're closed Sundays in July and August.
I  come here every time I come to Westchester County, been coming here for 15 years... Great owners, great staff... Good times always. If you are in town you have to stop by. Great sports bar with good food...
great classic sports bar vibe. went in for dinner excited (love bar food, also there was nothing else open near the sheraton), couldn't decide what to order (menu was huge which is a plus) so I asked the proprietor what he recommended and he suggested the chicken steak is his favorite. now being from the west coast I'm never entirely sure what a chicken steak is, usually assume it's either a fried piece of chicken, or something grilled of some sort. sandwich came out, and I was excited. first bite left me waiting. and the second. and the third. there was a side of creamy balsamic dressing to dip (?) which made no sense for the dish and didn't really do it any justice. the sandwich tasted and looked and I'm pretty sure was a stack of chicken breast cold cuts cooked on the stove for a few minutes with some onions and mozzarella. it all blended into a relatively tasteless experience where I found myself unexcited to dip my sandwich but left with no other choice. it makes me sad, it really does, because the rest of the menu looked so good. happens to the best of us I guess. alas, at the end of the day, as I lie here in my bed still thinking about how unhappy I am about my decision, I can blame no one but myself. by no means am I calling myself any kind of food conoasouer (sp) of any sort, and I would never have sent it back, but I just feel so let down after spending $15 on something that left me so unsatisfied that I had to buy a butterfinger bar to make myself stop crying (not actually, but I did buy a butterfinger). the fact is, though, that clearly this left enough of an impact on my soul that I got out of bed at 1 AM to share this with the world. friendly folks though, would go back.
I've been here a few times. Service is good but there's usually only 1 bartender/server for the whole place. Only had a problem with the food once..moldy bread on the sliders, but the bartender took it off our bill, along with a round of drinks and also offered us something else. Simple mistake that could happen anywhere. I would come back, the food is good!
I am working in White Plains and a buddy of mine took me to dinner at this hole in the wall bar. It doesn't look like much from the outside but the cast of characters inside and the MLB package make it a great stop for some quality bar food and an enjoyable, friendly atmosphere. Demeter's is a neighborhood tavern where locals go to drink and hang out and watch some baseball. The food isn't bad, I especially like the sweet potato fry option with sandwiches. They have some nice beer selections and every MLB game available on TV. The best part about Demeter's is that I am staying at the Sheraton Tarrytown about a half mile away and they have a free shuttle that will drop you off and pick you up from the bar...what a deal!
Great local bar, with amazing food! I lived in the area for years, but just found out about this place through Yelp! (thank you Yelp!).  The place is an old style bar - nothing fancy - but that is not what matters once you take a seat. The bartenders are amazing - Kristen(sp) and Heather are both amazing - your glass will never be empty for long with one of them behind the bar. The Food - delicious - I've had the wings, the margherita pizza, the hot pretzels - all so good, I'm hungry right now just thinking about them. If you are a Giants fan - this is the place to be during football season - a Giants bar for sure - I watched most of the playoff games and the Superbowl here - and had a blast each time. One down side... Heather is an Eagles Fan - Only Kidding! Can't wait to return here to grab a drink and enjoy some really great food.
Stayed at courtyard next store.  Nice walk to the place but great little local pub.  This is what I need to do in life, open a pub like this and make people happy.   Great local peeps
Food draft selection but the steak sandwich is actually roast beef I left hungry and upset
