They have really turned the Galleria around. It's gotten a lot cleaner and they have opened new stores. Also they replaced the escalators and the elevator. They have a sears and Macy's which I like and there is a large old navy which I also really like. The food court has some good selections too.
Another Westchester mall that has seen much better days. Boring, mundane clothing stores - one mimics the next. Boring mundane jewelry stores - one mimics the next. Spacious food court is the only thing that passes here. Of note - Recent history shows behavior issues among the shoppers. While I've never experienced this - its something that s/b considered when visiting. Best to move along...
A place where guys let their pants sag and females look like they just crawled out of bed and forgot to shower and change. Yes I'm serious! We're talking PJs, hair scarves and even bedroom slippers what a sight to see while you shop!  Even the indoor parking garage looks sketchy.  No thanks I think I'll pass! ***I bypass this mall whenever I'm in White Plains.***
If I could give this mall no stars I would. The stores are a mess, the escalators are perpetually out of service so if you don't want to join the throngs of people waiting for the elevator you have to climb the stairs in the parking ramp to get to the next floor, the air conditioning is spotty. Did I mention the stores are a mess?! And then there are the stores themselves. Hypothetically Macy's and Sears are fine, except they are here. Old Navy, H&M and others are the worst-stocked, messiest stores I've seen. And then you have a fair number of places that sell clothes perfect for a night on the street corner. Yeah. BIG thumbs down.
I love the Galleria because I'm cheap and like the lower priced store options, but if you're looking for a classy mall experience, do not go. It's more for bargain shopping and has a younger crowd. Once in a while, you'll see a fight break out, which can either be horrifying or exciting depending on who you are. Don't eat the food though because they have mice running around the food court. Great location though!
It's White Plain's mall I grew up with.  However, as I grew up, I moved onto the Westchester. It's still good for a quick bite or impulse buy though.
This past Christmas, we literally came here every other week to shop for sneakers for the boyfriend. The trick is, come here as soon as the mall opens, which is at 8am.  That's when those rowdy kids are still sleeping, after 12pm though, make your way to the exits.  From 8am to 12pm, you can do all your shopping peacefully, it's definitely worth waking up early on a Saturday. BTW, there's really nothing special in this mall, just your basic, sears, macys, h&m, forever 21 and then there's the sneaker stores, footaction, foot locker and jimmy jazz.  If you're looking for a "fancier" mall, then you've come to the wrong place.
This is an OK mall and I stop in from time to time. But really I prefer The Westchester. It's a much nicer mall with many more stores, minus the seedy baby thug/food stamp atmosphere. Really, I only came in here last time because I had a box of old cell phones and there's an ecoATM machine on the food court. Otherwise, I can take it or leave it. Once again, you'll usually find me over at The Westchester.
Pros The Food Court Macy's H&M Torrid (the only one in lower New York!...unless you count Staten Island, and who does?) Cons The Food Court Teenagers Stupid stores selling crap merchandise...like leather jackets with 8-balls on them. WTF?! There's a reason you're called 'the Ghetto-ria"
I went to the Galleria Food Court today to get a McDonald's fix (Check the secret in my profile) and while sitting at a table in the upper area overlooking Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, a MOUSE walked (not ran) under my table and took his leisurely tour of the floor and moved on to the next table. YUCK!
If a Walmart were split into a bunch of small stores, then it got together and had a baby with a flea market and a Dollar Tree, you'd have the Galleria. Many of the smaller stores are fly-by-night businesses that have taken over vacant storefronts and done little to change the looks of any of them. You can tell exactly what used to be a Gap, what used to be a Gloria Jean's, etc. None of the vendors plan to stay long enough to bother updating the decor. If you're in the area and absolutely must visit a Sears or an extremely sub-par Macy*s, it'll do. Even then, it's an awful Macy*s. If that store is your main focus, consider taking the trip to Cross County, where the Macy*s has been refurbished and is very well appointed. Anyway, back to The Gonorrhea of White Plains -- er, I mean the Galleria: Given both the roachiness and the non-nutritive nature of the food court, I'd recommend you stay away. Finally, make sure you've allowed ample time on your parking meter. If you're a nanosecond late, the parking gestapos are gonna get'cha. Count on it. (The only reason it gets two stars instead of one? The White Plains Mall, just a block away ... THAT, my friends, is a one-star mall.)
When I was in middle school, I won a small victory-- I was allowed to go to the Galleria Mall without a chaperone. Over a decade later, a lot has changed in White Plains (as it has grown into a bigger city), and after several stabbings and shootings in the parking lot, I will NOT go to the Galleria without a chaperone.  And a blunt object in case of confrontation.
This place was the SHIT back in the 1990s. My sister and I used to beg our parents to drive us up there. There were good restaurants, great stores, and an awesome Santa set up. What the balls happened? Stores are closing one after the other. The Friendly's closed many years ago. A seafood buffet called Todai was short lived. The once sample-laden, prominent food court is merely a shadow of itself. There are barely any good stores. Even the Torrid, the only one in this area, blows. Poor selection, high prices. I will spend hours at this mall to come back with only one or two bags. To make it worse, they CLOSED CINNABON to EXPAND FOREVER 21. WHY WOULD YOU TAKE CINNABON AWAY FROM ME? Are you trying to tell me that if I lay off the 'bons, I'll fit into more clothes? Anyway, my assumption is that they lost business, not to the Westchester, but to Palisades, and Woodbury Commons.
This is like the equivalent to Pearlridge Mall in Hawaii. Kinda ghetto because the people hanging out there act like "thugs". I rather go to Westchester Mall where the people aren't so "thuggish". LoL.
Yeah a mall is a mall.... but i love this mall :-) I spend a lot of time here when i need a distraction from school work! I am a shopaholic so I am allowed to be in this mall a lot because they only have cheap store :-) Forever 21 (my absolute favorite store), H&M, Old Navy, Charade, Charlotte Russe (new addition), Hot Topic, Express, Foot Locker... they have the usual "mall stores". I love it! Food court sucks compared to the Westchester tho :-( !!! but they do have a Dunkin Donuts so whateva!
I remember this place was awesome it had so much, it even had 2 large chain music stores. Now it has none. They do have a store with a bunch of North Face jackets and I think 4 sneaker stores which I like. However . . . The only reason I went there was to kill time. Atleast I got a review out of it.
Ummmm, no.  Should have realized this wouldn't work when the first store I saw was As Seen On TV.  And then it goes down from there.  Food court seems to be the big draw, and there was a store filled with oddly large amounts of jeans - none of which I would buy (think stretchy, acid wash and bleach fade with lace insets) and some weird consumer opinion place that had a mile long line of people. They did have Auntie Anne's which is a thumbs up as I die for one of those pretzels every so often, but definitely won't be a regular.  The ground floor under food court is vacant except for people hanging out down there and staring at you like you walked into their living room.  Not for me.
Typical mall. Food court us only thing worth going to compared to The Westchester. They have a game stop too. Plenty of shoe stores. H&M really sucks at this mall location. In general it's a horrible shopping experience. Save your self go to Manhattan to shop.
This mall is just ok. I like the Macy's, Torrid and Forever 21 stores but I HATE their food court. The tablets and floors are never really clean and several of the food places seem to have poor hygiene standards as well. The mall also has a slightly dirty/trashy feel to it (like the manicure place upstairs - shiver), which is a pity because there are some cute accessories and clothes.
The galleria would be halfway decent without all the loud and obnoxious kids. I work there and on a saturday night, the mall is full of kids; most of whom really shouldn't be allowed out of the house. The stores are decent but the shoppers make it a bit un-enjoyable.
Venturing to the Galleria isn't worth the hassle of all the prep work necessary beforehand: first you have to get your tetanus shots, then lather yourself up in antimicrobacterial sanitizer, and then cover your whole body so you don't actually come in contact with anything there. Just go to the Westchester.
Filthy, disorganized, crowded, and full of stores with clientele of questionable repute. This mall is a great example of why i try to use the internet for the vast majority of my purchases.
Recently visited the mall and was so pleased to see the new store openings. Can't wait for BLINK to open.
The Galleria is White Plains' "discount mall."  In fact, it's a bit of a joke to most of us who've lived here for a long time.  Stores rarely stay there for long.  Apart from the two anchor stores (Sears and Macy's), which keep changing hands (before that, they had Stern's, A&S, JC Penney, and other similar department stores instead), and stores like Old Navy and H&M, there aren't many stores that stick around.  Of course, I only go there to shop at the anchor stores, Old Navy, and H&M, so it doesn't matter to me!  Other than that, the mall is pretty much full of cheaply-made "juniors"-oriented clothing, t-shirt stores, etc.  It is geared toward the people who can't afford to shop at the fancier Westchester Mall, which is just fine with me.
If it wasn't for Forever21 and H&M I would not bother with this mall. I haven't been to this mall in 2 years and i'm not planning on being a regular here, the food court sucks, and let's not even talk about the crowd. We put 2hrs worth $ in the parking meter n left after 45 mins. Next time I'll go to NYC or Cross County.
Two stars for the convenience factor (I live 3 blocks away).  Otherwise, this mall is pretty dingy.  The Macy's is one of the worst I've been to.  I can never find what I'm looking for and always end up getting overwhelmed by the way things are thrown all over the place in some departments.  The food court is kind of lame and there aren't many great stores in the mall.
I'm a fan of the Galleria.  No, it's not as Ritzy as the Westchester or full of the "finest stores," but it has character.  You can go there and pick up some reasonably priced clothes or a hand saw or a sympathy card.  Plus, they have interesting carts where people are living out their dream of owning their own small business and selling "Wacky Magnets" or whatever.  It's cool.  And the Food Court has Wendy's, Taco Bell, McDonald's, Subway, Sbarro, three Asian restaurants and ice cream/cookies!  Like or not, these are the staples of the modern American mall diet!  I recommend the Taco Bell- it's cheap and the people there are generous with toppings.
I was just there today, and was wondering what had happened to the place. I felt myself wishing for the days when there was waterfalls and the bleacher style seating looking down at the other levels. what it is now is a thrown together mall where not a day goes by that one of the store isn't closing or boarded up. Don't get me wrong I do like the Old Navy, but the rest of the place needs a facelift.
Convenient to the train station, and doesn't everyone need a Sears and Marcy's for something at some point? Otherwise, it's just an average mall- sort of low-end.
This mall has really turned around. I returned to the mall after not being there for about a year and they have added some awesome stores. Famous Footwear, Garage, Blink Fitness, StrideRite, iFix and Rapair, Foreverv21 expanded, Rue21, PS by Aero, Vans and Zumiez just to name a few. The environment is much safer and the food court has so many options. If you haven't been there in a while, I suggest you go back as see what has been done. I see that they are also in the process of replacing all of the escalators in the mall.
Just a sub-par mall, with nothing special in it, especially when there is the incredible White Plains Mall right down the road.
Mall is alright if you like low end stores. The food court is pretty lame but has a few decent selections. Mall is pretty clean for the most part.
Wooooof , yes the mall does have a couple places that the westchester does not, but honestly after the string of crazy shootings that have happened in that mall and all of the ghetto fab people always patronizing the place. No shot you would ever see me in the mall, do yourself a favor go to the westchester mall or there's other macys and places you can go. Not worth risking anything
A mall is a mall.
I was in the area, so I decided to stop by. I have to give the Galleria credit. It seemed cleaner than my last visit. Also, there were less hoodrats in the mall (though some kids at the entrance did try to sell me candy). The food court has typical mall food (McDonalds, Wendy's, KFC, miscellaneous Chinese restaurant, etc). They expanded Forever 21 and there's an Old Navy. Still, the mall is lacking. The majority of the stores are hip hop clothing stores. I wouldn't travel all the way from NYC just to visit the Galleria.
I came here back in January (forgot I came here in the first place) because this mall has 3 of my favorite stores (H&M, Aeropostale, Forever 21). What a letdown! This mall is the equivalent to the Staten Island Mall and Newport Centre Mall, meaning not much happening. It's somewhat ghetto too. Wasn't too impressed with the food court as well.
