I like this place! I can't say I'd give it a perfect score but if you go at the right time, you can get in and out with what you needed fairly quickly. The lines are pretty short. The people aren't the best but they are perfectly fine. You do have to search a bit for the quality that you may be looking for but the prices are always good. Even when they aren't on sale. Now if they are, that's awesome and  you can score pretty well. The size of the store is enough so they can carry quite a bit of merchandise but not too large so that you get overwhelmed. (achem. times square f21. achem.)
F21 used to be the place to be to find cute clothes at a decent price...I shopped there for years used to come out of the store with bags and bags full of their clothes and accessories.   However, their clothes have been ridiculously ugly and looking like something straight out of the goodwill as of late.  Almost every time I shop there, I come out empty handed.  Maybe a few accessories here/there and NO clothing @ all.   It's depressing and disappointing at the same time, because this *was* my store for so long.  I hope F21 wakes up from its drab, homely slump and goes back to selling graceful and beautiful clothing.
Stop praying, kneeling and wishing you could be 21 forever! The store Forever 21 transforms your outward appearance to make u look 21 and feel 21. It's a mind thing but it's setting a trend to young girls and older women alike. Innovative designs for everyday casual wear and for dress up. Turn back time and swing into fashion here with helpful friendly staff and seasonal outfits to fit almost any occasion.
95% of the time it's crazy busy. Especially on Friday or Saturday evenings when girls are trying to find outfits for the weekend. You can find great pieces that are often inspired by designer clothes. The prices are right but the quality is not that great...you get what you pay for. If you're looking for a great top or a casual dress for a wedding that you may never wear again, this is your place. It's trendy clothes for cheap. One sucky thing is that you only have 21 days to return your clothes (get it, forever 21...21 days..yeah, cute). Sometimes you have to wait for a dressing room when it's busy and the lines to pay can get insane!  In general, a great place for casual clothes, dressy outfits, work wear and accessories.
I was extremely disappointed with my last visit to this store. I had a few items that I needed to purchase that I have gotten there in the past. I had 3 things in mind: jeans, leggings, and cami tanks. It took me a long time to find jeans in my size. I'm normally a size 8 petite in almost every other brand, but apparently at Forever 21, I'm a 29. I think I saw only 3 pairs of pants my size in their store. However, their 29x29 pants were too long on me (I'm 5'3). I searched around to find a petite pair of pants and again only found about 5 in the store. However, the petite pants my size were all x32, making them longer than the standard pants that are x29 and already too long for me! There was nothing shorter.  I finally settled for the 29x29 and resigned myself with dealing with the length. I then walked over to the cami section and tried to purchase camis that fit me. I'm normally a Medium in their camis. I was shocked to search store wide and to not find a single cami over the size Small. The only other size was XS. There were literally thousands of shirts all the same size with no Mediums or Larges of any kind whatsoever. I know that clothes get picked over, but this store was definitely not short on inventory, in fact, they had over flow sections and were stocking more, all Smalls and XS. I was already skeptical and suspicious based on my failure at finding a single cami my size, but I walked over to the leggings section and found once again that everything was Small and XS, nothing larger. I mentioned this to an employee and she was not able to find anything either. I walked away from the store with the jeans I had settled for and was empty handed on everything else. I would have understood my situation if the store had just completed a sale and was short on inventory, but there were plenty of associates on the floor restocking already full and overflowing racks. I used to like this store for low cost clothing essentials and usually my trips there are quickly in and out. I'm very reluctant to return to this store in the future.
Good store with lots of stuff but they're temporarily closed because they're expanding!
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!!! I never give bad reviews about places because I myself work in retail and I know how hard the job can be. But this place left me no choice. The staff is lazy, they are very rude ESP this African American girl with blonde/brown hair on the ends. I am always pleasant when I go in. Whenever u ask for assistance they always seem bothered. I asked about exchanging something without a receipt.. Something I got as a gift and I was told that I can't exchange the item. I once asked for help to find a certain black pants that I needed for work and all I got was attitude, someone pointed me to upstairs instead of helping me find the item. THEY DON'T HELP YOU!! I have only had one employee help me finding an item. Trust me if I ask for help that means I really need it because I'm usually a find it myself kind of gal. I even called the store recently to find out their sizing in jeans and i was given incorrect info and the person on the phone was rude as well. I wish they would hire better people because I love shopping there I just hate the lack of customer service.
