OH MY GOD! That's all I can say right now...
Outstanding! Had to come back a second time in a week. Snapper with Lime sauce and salad was my favorite. Fresh, nice portion and great value. A Miami favorite for sure!
Fiancé and I were vacationing in Miami and wanted to try something different, I believe the whole point of traveling is to try new things. After reading reviews we decided to give this place a try, when we got there we were a little hesitant, but still open-minded and oh my goodness we were not disappointed! Trust me when I say you will NOT regret going to this restaurant. Not only was the food phenomenal, but the prices are almost too cheap. We were expecting much higher prices for being in a busy, tourist filled area, but we were pleasantly surprised to see everything was under $20. And to top it all off they also have a terrific wine selection. I would go weekly if I could! If you have the chance to try this amazing food for yourself, don't miss it!
My family and I went to Cafe Charlotte on our Miami beach vacation. It was the first restaurant we went to in Miami. My father and I had the skirt steak and we both LOVED IT!  My mother and sister had the pabellon and also enjoyed it very much. The service was friendly and attentive. The place was not very appealing, but it was clean and well maintained. When your in Miami this is a must go place and you must try the skirt steak. You will not regret it.
Had the skirt steak and rice, empanadas (appetizer), and a beer (blue moon on tap). Skirt steak was excellent and the empanadas were very good (beef).  Many locals come here to eat, which Is a sign that the food is good. The only negative was the service. They were understaffed because An employee went to the hospital. The small place was very busy and they had a hard time keeping up. All in all, great place to have an inexpensive awesome meal.
Best Argentinian restaurant in Miami South Beach area.  My wife being Argentine, we set out on a mission to find some great Argentinian food during out vacation at Miami South Beach.  Having tried a few different restaurants, we accidentally stumbled upon this one.  I hesitated at first, but decided, "What the heck, lets try it."   Oh boy was I happy we did try this hidden gem!  The service was good.  We were greeted nicely by the gentleman outside the shop giving out flyers, and inside by the staff with a smile. I ordered the skirt steak sandwich (medium-well cooked).  Just thinking about the experience makes my mouth water.  When I received my skirt steak sandwich, I first took in the aroma.  WoW! Blew me away!  I love the way food aroma can stir up emotions.  Then I took my first bite, and all my taste buds on my tongue exploded with flavor!  Everything about the Skirt Steak Sandwich tasted great!  My sandwich came with fries which were cooked well and made a good compliment to my meal.   The skirt steak sandwich was about ~$10, but don't quote me on this.  It was cheap for the quality.  I don't get this type of quality on meals costing upwards of ~$40!  This gave me a whole new outlook at quality of food vs expense.   My wife had the non sandwich skirt steak meal with mashed potatoes.  This was exquisite as well. You also get a platter of bread with a salsa dipping sauce and bread if you order a meal vs a sandwich.   The prices of the meals I would rate as cheap compared to the food quality.  You are getting ~$40 food quality for the fraction of the price.  Most sandwiches hovered below ~$10 and most meals hovered below ~$20.   Don't miss this gem of South Beach Miami. Oh yes, we did go for seconds during our stay!  Usually we like to explore as many new places as possible, but Cafe Charlotte deserved a second visit! Enjoy!
I simply cannot say enough good stuff about this place.  The food is amazing.  The staff is friendly.  The food is amazing.  Prices are great.  Did I mention that the food is amazing??!? This little hole in the wall would not pop up on your radar if you didn't know to look for it.  If you do seek it out and find it though, you will be rewarded! I wish I could eat the skirt steak and plantains every day!
The best steaks, the pasta plates are really good, the Malbec wine was actually very good and you really need to see the prices, service is also very good, see you soon!
Aye Caramba! I am SO happy to have found this hole in the wall Argentine restaurant, truly AMAZING!!! I came here w my gf yesterday for an early dinner after we came across several great reviews on Yelp. I HIGHLY recommend the skirt steak w rice. The meat was incredibly tender and full of flavor, melts in your mouth!! My gf ordered a grilled chicken and shrimp in a creamy yellow curry sauce, very good. The waiter was prompt and food was served fairly quickly. Won't kill your wallet either, unlike those subpar touristy restaurants you find on Ocean. I shall return! :)
Cafe Charlotte didn't disappoint. Tilapia in  lime cream sauce with a side salad for under $15 with tax & top.
We had the chicken soup. It was so tasty! We could tell it was homemade. Same with the empanadas. We especially liked the beef one. Delicious. It was made even better with the homemade hot sauce that the waitress brought us. Super friendly staff. Family run business. Clean establishment. Great food. Excellent prices. We will go back the next time we are in South Beach for sure!
Everyone is right - this place is awesome. Doesnt look like anything special from the street, but the food and service was fantastic! My husband had the strip steak and I had the tilapia with lime sauce. So good...and cheap!!
This place was a treat. Definitely easy to miss, it's a gem among a lot of so-so places. Staff was super friendly, food was perfect.
This place has an incredible rating record so it was time to try it.  Always nice to find the gems of Miami Beach, and this is one of them.  Quality food, memorable service and reasonable prices.  The Calamari Al Gorgonzola is unique and delicious, with an incredible marinara sauce.  The skirt steak was well prepared, as anticipated. And the Chicken Saltimbocca was moist and bounced with flavor.  Portions are large.  Service was excellent.  Will be back
They didn't open for lunch on time (11 am) so I ended up eating at their bakery next door and loooved it. I finally ate here for dinner a few times and didn't love it as much as other reviewers. Snapper in lime sauce came in what tasted like a creamy cheese sauce. It didn't strike me as anything special. Not bad but I wouldn't recommend it or order it again. Plantains were delicious both times I went. Steak was ok. Much better once the waitress seemed to notice we didn't have the green sauce (chimichurri?). Gorgonzola calamari was ok. Gnocchi were very doughy in the middle and seemed undercooked. Considering how much some reviewers liked the pasta here, I was really disappointed! House red wine was good and they had a large selection of drinks. They seemed pretty nice but I like their bakery next door so much more.
The chicken in lime sauce and the churrasco is AMAZING. And the wine delicious. My boyfriend and I have eaten here several times and we try to change up our orders but we always get the same and we share of how yummy the food is. The prices are also very affordable. Must come.
Had lobster ravioli and some kind of fish both was excellent! And the authentic Italian sparkling rose wine was to die for! Great location and price, can't ask for more :)
Go get your skirt steak for  less than $10. You won't regret it. Oh and the warm bread with the special pureed tomato sauce they give you? AMAZING.
Good food. Nice ribey steak with rice and beans. Very pleasant place. Much better than all the tourist traps.
Great small place with flavors if Argentina and Italy blended together just right. We had mussels in a light parsley and garlic broth, snapper with shrimp and clams in a light tomato sauce with a side if plantains. Great bread and a wonderful salad rounded out a near-perfect lunch.
the empanadas are HEAVENLY!  you can't pass up this place without trying them.  unfortunately, I was unable to try anything else, but the empanadas were all I needed. :)
Small place but awesome food ... The chicken soup brought me back to life & the shirt steak finished me off.... Great place
Good spaghetti and we watched coin toss of Super Bowl 47 there
LOVE this place...and, LOVE Yelp for giving me the courage to walk in for lunch. It's not much to look at from the outside, so I'm sure I would have kept right on walking if Yelp hadn't shown me the light. Cute Cuban guy gave me friendly & attentive service (AND everyone else in the place as well), the price was SO right (i.e., cheap), and my skirt steak & plantains were mouth watering (however, anything that you smothered in the sauce that came with the bread would taste devine). After being introduced to the ecstasy of a Cuban cafe con leche the next day, I wished I would have tried one from here...
AAMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!!!!! Been here 3 times, food is consistently superb! Tilapia w/ lime sauce - perfect! I was concerned about the use of pork for flavoring as some Latin restaurants do. I asked the chef, he said "we don't use pork here!". Brilliant! Thank you. Love this place! Tip the waitress well, she hustles! Considering how close this is to Ocean Dr., you will get much better, much more & more reasonably priced food here! A must when in Miami Beach!
WOW. La gente esta muy loca because this place is ridiculously delicious. Although they dont have the greatest ambiance, great service, good location, and a clean and small restaurant located in SOBE. What we had: Bread/Chimmichurri, The appetizer platter (mussels, empanadas, and fried goods), lomito sandwich, chicken parm, and the rib eye steak (recommended by the server).  Wow. Wow. Wow. So delicious. Everything was made to perfection. I am a connoisseur of fine argentinian cuisine and I was impressed with what they delivered. Will return! Try this place. You won't regret it.
I give this 3.5 starts. Had the Chicken Caccittore, it was good, not fantastic, but definitely worth the price of South Beach. and everything seemed to be prepared fresh which is a plus.
Surprisingly good, and well priced. My girlfriend and I made this place our home base dinner place, since the prices are great!
Just visited cafe Charlotte. Skirt steak was excellent. Great restaurant, great price and really nice friendly staff. Definitely visit if you're in south beach.
Great casual dining experience with excellent food.  The salsa and bread was very good.  Tostones and plantains were cooked perfectly.  I tried the Venezuelan pabellon, which was very tasty.  Rice and beans were average.  The chimmichurri sauce they serve with the skirt steak was awesome.
We found this place on yelp because it had great reviews and it was close to our place. Keep in mind this place is cheap and diner-esque with an international feel. You don't come here for the ambiance, you come for the food. The owner(?) was very accommodating and friendly. I ordered the skirt steak and mashed potatoes. The steak was probably one of the best steaks I've had in awhile and the potatoes were delicious. I tried my friends plantains and fried yucca and they were good as well. This was probably the best meal for the money that I had while in SoBe. Check it out!
Great food for a great price.  The skirt steak was excellente!
Amazong food. It is a little place that is kind of hard to find but it had really really good food for a decent price. I would have loved to have gone there a few more times.
Skirt steak equals win! Hidden gem!  I was walking around in MB and my gf and I were hungry and this place got great reviews.  Like everyone says, I would have never found this place without the help of Yelp.  You need to stop here and have the Skrit Stake!   You won't be disappointed.  Yummmmmy A++++
Visiting from out of town and wanted something local and away from the strip. It's still nearby and has some of the schtick (i.e.,  guy out front waving you in), but also a hole in the wall. I'd call it upscale greasy spoon. Sat at the bar and got calamari, snapper, and skirt steak: all great and reasonable prices. The salsa was great, too. You won't be disappointed.
We came to this place based on yelp reviews and I will say the food was great!  We were served by what seemed to be the owner (a guy who spoke Spanish).  Unfortunately, he is who caused me to give this place 3 stars.  The food was a definite 5 star rating!  We had the pabellon and pasta with shrimp.  The mix platter appetizer was delicious too!!  Overall, the food is worth trying just for expect any friendly or attentive service.
The food here, like in most of the places my group went over spring break, was pretty salty but otherwise very good.  You get a basket with bread and salsa, which I was for some reason unfamiliar with as a combination, but it's very good.  In the two times we went here on our trip, I had the beef ravioli and then half of the skirt steak with plantain side and half of the spaghetti/seafood plate (I was sharing).  I definitely recommend the skirt steak with a side of plantains.  A bit more attention paid to the level of water in my glass would have been nice, though.  The prices are very reasonable!
Decent food. I wouldn't go crazy about it nor would I say it's a must if your are coming through town. However, if you are here for an extended period of time and want to escape the high cost breakfast or lunch joints on the beach, then this might be the place for you. The food is good. Service is fast and friendly. I'm sure it's even better if I knew Spanish or Italian but none the less... Beans were a little sour so they might need to be dumped while the rest of my meal was very fresh. like I said, it's not tourist ready but that's what I like about finding places like this, to hide from the masses.
Pretty darn good food at a reasonable price.  My husband had some crazy large platter of meat, sweat breads and all.  He loved it, except for the blood sausage which was raw. My Pinchos were great, perfectly seasoned.
The skirt steak and lomo saltado were wonderful. Sat at the bar and met some lovely people... would definitely go back. Even though they were packed on a Saturday night, the waitress/chef were able to get our food to us quickly and they were very attentive to detail. Yum!
On my own, I would give this place 5 stars, but my GF disagrees. If there was an option for 4.5 I would use that. We popped in here when we noticed the high reviews and low cost and I was not in the least let down. I ordered the skirt steak with mashed potatoes for $9. Both were absolutely delicious. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp pasta which she said was 'good but not great'. For $9 though, very hard to complain. Like other reviews have mentioned, decor is not fantastic. This is a very small operation. From a value-for-money perspective, however, the joint is a gem.
All I can ask is: "Why can't we have this place in California?!?!?" Their specialty is aregentine/italian deliciousness.  All the food on their menu is freshly made upon ordering.  This is a total hole in the wall joint and we didn't expect anything to surpass normal upon first glance.  But we went because we're on budgets and Yelp had great reviews.   When we walked in, the waitress notified us that the credit card machine was down so it'd be cash only. That wasn't a problem or an inconvenience so we proceeded with ordering. Every person in my group ordered a different plate and we shared.  Man oh man. Every bite and every plate just kept getting better and better. We were all soo happy with our orders and even wanted more from the other plates.  It was gluttony at it's finest. The skirt steak, the chicken with mushrooms, and the beef empanadas are all to die for.  I am also a big fan of their salad.  The dressing is light and delicious, and the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh.   The bruschetta and bread are extremely flavorful and I would've made a meal out of that if I wasn't going out to a club that same night. I returned to the Cafe two other times during my weekend stay in Miami. I wish it was down the street so I could go all the time. I love the feel of homecooked meals.
Don't judge a book by it's cover!!!! This place can definately use a face lift, however the service & food is EXCELLENT. The Talipia w/lemon sauce is great with a house salad. Sounds simple but it's amazingly GOOD. Oh yea it's very affordable as well. I will be returning b4 I return back to Cali
The best bang for the buck in South Beach! Sicilian born, NYC trained Francesco , runs the front and back of the house assuring top quality ingredients come together on a menu that is  sure to please everyone. All of that with a modest bill at the end!
Great! Foods are really good and prices are very reasonable. However 15% tips was added in bill for just two people, normaly it happens for 4 or more people in Chicago. I was going to tip at least 20%. It is understandable since many Chinese do not get use to pay tips.
My friends and I checked out this place for  a late lunch and it was AMAZING. We entered the cafe feeling jet lagged and shitty, but left feeling better our lives. Def get the skirt steak like all the yelpers suggested. Get the large cause its only an additional 4 dollars and you get another piece of large steak.
Very good food for a very comfortable price! Hidden gem among the expensive restaurants. Service was a bit slow, the waitress was also the bartender and answering the phones, so understandable, and it wasn't a big deal to us. Deff a place you want to checkout when you're in Miami Beach.
Not gourmet.  Just really good, and cheap.   I typically went with the Pabellon, but also tried one or two of the fish dishes.  When I lived on South Beach I ate here regularly and never had an experience to complain about. Service was the perfect balance of being around when you need them and not when you don't.  Admittedly I eat at some odd hours, but I never had an issue getting a seat right away.
They claim to be "Italiargentino" which we found to be generally true, but maybe swayed slightly more towards the Latin influence. There was pasta on the menu and many seafood dishes that could be considered Italian, but with some Latin elements like lime sauce. The bread and tomato sauce they serve is really tasty with a nice spicy kick from the fresh garlic. We ordered the mixed platter to start and were disappointed to find they were out of the beef empanadas, but the ham and cheese were delicious with a lighter fried breading which was great. We also had the snapper with lime sauce and plantains on the side, which was large portion and very enjoyable. I especially liked the plantains, cooked just right and paired well with the fish. This is a perfect place for a nice lunch or casual dinner.
Soooo good! Had the penne w/vodka sauce and added shrimp. Owner/waiter was awesome and very attentive
The food portions are pretty big.  We got the grilled meat special and I shared with a friend.  It was very delicious.  We couldn't even finish it for breakfast/lunch.
Honestly, this place served the best lomo saltado I have ever had.  The steak was well seasoned, yet not overwhelming & cooked to perfection.  The price was reasonable for South Beach.  I called for delivery and had my food in about 50 minutes-a bit longer than other places around here, but well worth the wait.
Cafe Charlotte is a gem! My boyfriend and I spent a long weekend in Miami and stumbled upon this quaint restuarant. We both ordered empandas and to our delight they were fresh, and tasted sooooo good. I will definitly see Cafe Charlotte again when I'm visiting the "MIA":)
The Pabellon is fantastic.  Nice local place with an unpretentious atmosphere.  Absolutely fantastic.  This is a little cafe that I would most likely recommend for lunch.
OMG. How could I not have heard of this place the past few times I had been to Miami?! My girlfriends and I just so happened to find this restaurant on yelp while walking down the street on Collins, and BOY am I glad we found it. The signature skirt steak was cooked to PERFECTION. It's just simply served with mashed potatoes and no veggies, but it will make your mouth water. I guarantee. My girlfriends both had fish dishes and they loved their food as well. I would consider this a somewhat hole in the wall (there was a homeless guy sitting out front), but don't let that fool you (:
Great value on SoBe! Decent prices and excellent food. For appetizer we ordered the cachapa and my boyfriend LOVED it; it was a bit too greasy for me though. I had the cheese sticks (which go by another name I can't recall) which were more on my level. For entree, I ordered the beef ravioli and my boyfriend ordered the skirt steak (per other Yelpers' recommendations) and I think he ordered the better dish. The ravioli was good but his steak was incredible. So tender and juicy!!! We had a nice time. One other Yelper said don't go unless you speak Spanish; I must admit that I think we got better service when my boyfriend started speaking in Spanish with the waitress. However, she was pleasant enough with my gringo-self from the start. :)
Average home cooked tasting food unworthy of a meal out with other far more enticing options near by. People raving about the skirt steak need to go to a butcher, buy some skirt steak and throw it in a cast iron pan on the stove top for a few minutes on each side. My butcher even seasons it for me, maybe you could find one that would do the same. Place seems more like a social club
GREAT food.. Great location... Great price NFA :) say Hi to Francisco when u come ;)
Great food, small place. Clams and mussels were amazing, pistachio mousse was out of this world. My daughter said her chicken noodle soup tasted like her grandmothers, delicious. Will be back.
Cafe Charlotte is the definition of average food.  Nothing I've tried here stands out, including the skirt steak that so many rave about.  Seasoning?  What seasoning?  I'll give Cafe Charlotte credit - the menu only says that it's seasoned with salt, and I believe it.  I hate to break it to the other reviewers, but $15 is not a bargain for a plain skirt steak, and I'd rather spend more at a place that knows how to do it right. Don't get me wrong, the food isn't bad, and it's somewhat impressive that they seem to be able to do both Italian and Argentinian food decently, but there are much better examples of both cuisines out there, even without breaking the bank.
Very nice, low key and good food. Skirt steak was good as was another shredded steak with peppers and potatoes. The beef ribs were short ribs tasty but not much to eat, only 2. Pasta w/ vodka sauce good and nice size. Maybe my favorite thing was the fresh bruschetta to top the bread, which I wish was warm. Overall easy dinner and reasonable which is not easy to find in SoBe. I would go back.
Good authentic ethnic food with very friendly service. A hole in the wall but worth the find.
Good Argentinian food, hole in the wall kinda place.  I think the soccer game that always seems to be on in the background gives this place a nice feel.  The skirt steak is awesome.  One of my favorite lunch spots in South Beach
Had a quick dinner on a Saturday night. Family atmosphere. Great snapper dinner great croquettes and lots of pasta dished to chose from. The server was a teenage girl. Friendly but absent minded and more interested in the young single guys that apparently frequent the place. The place was mostly empty so the service was not too much of an issue.  All told great little find.
I went here with high expectations. It has such high ratings. Don't go here unless you can speak spanish. The food was terrible other that the skirt steak. I would have to say the best thing I had there was sprite. I wouldn't recommend it. I payed 40 bucks for crap food.
Had a nice dinner, prices have gone up but it is still cheap and they throw in free bread etc. Decent sized portions too :)
Best Skirt steak ever. Have it with rice and beans.
even thought the interior is not as attractive as wanted, the food is amazingly tasty and has that homemade flavor that you cant compare. i tried the cachapa wich is a cheese filled fat and sweet tortilla...blew mi mind off, wow....after that a skirt steak with rice and beans, i felt at home. great service, very attentive, and the owner is usually there, so extra points for that. will go back for sure!
This is a little cafe with a no frills approach.  Salsa/bruschetta with bread was the best part of the meal.  Service was friendly but not fast.  Good prices.  Food was average to good.
Amazing Argentinian and Sicilian food! Friendly staff. Tilapia with lime sauce is to die for and so is the pabellano. Very satisfied!
The location is on Washington Avenue near 15th and close to everything South Beach has to offer. Very personable staff. Bread served with a very tasty bruschetta type sauce. Unbelievable gorgonzola calamari appetizer. My flank steak was OK, but Ginny's mushroom ravioli was just perfect; pasta was just right and the mushroom flavor just made you crave for the next bite. Prices were half of Ocean Drive one block away.
I seriously do not know how this place is getting so many good reviews.  I was so looking forward to going here with my girlfriend and was so disappointed by the service mostly. My gf found the place here on Yelp.  She's a huge food critic, so I trust her choices in food/restaurants.   We get to Cafe Charlotte (CC) and the only place to sit at is the table next to the entrance/glass windows.  No big deal, just our luck of the draw. We receive menus with silence, just handed them to us and walked away.  Did not even ask us (at the bare minimum) what we wanted to drink. Our "waiter" (not really, more like a lazy manager) comes over and, in a "do-I-really-have-to-do-this" type of attitude asks us if we're ready to order/want something to drink.  He's very unprofessional, walking around in a huge t-shirt, shirt tucked out, jeans, and running shoes. We order the combo appetizer that comes with a couple of empanadas, a stick of cheese (inside bread, croquette?), and some other cheese stick looking (deep fried) items.  I'm excited to try them! Unfortunately, the bread that wrapped around the cheese was still "raw."  Tasted like dough and water.  The outside was perfect, but biting into the inside was like biting into mush, and cheese.  Very disappointed. Gf ordered the skirt steak (as recommended on here) and it was pretty bland.  Nothing to rave (or Yelp) about.  The onions on top were good though.  Mashed potatoes were your regular old mashed potatoes, nothing special. I ordered penne w/ chicken.  Penne was stiff.  Felt like I was in college again learning to cook.  I ate it though. Waiter comes over and asks us if we want any dessert or coffee, we politely say no and he says "okay" (as in "fine") and begins to walk away.  My gf pulls out her phone and immediately gets on Yelp to begin rating the place and, by luck, our waiter (again, more like a lazy manager) happens to see her open Yelp and walks over to our table and yells with a smile on his face "You're giving us a good review right!??" The nerve! Paid and left promptly.  Never again.  I don't understand the good ratings on here, but then again, I am very very fair and maybe I just had a bad experience.  It was a Thursday night, 7/26/2012.
Great food, good price. Get the skirt steak and Chili Lime Chicken!
I don't want to be harsh and it should read 3.5 stars if there was an option. The cachapa was very good, the chicken entree was run of the mill, the wine was average, and the snapper fish was a 7/10. I wouldn't visit the restaurant again. The server was friendly and talkative. Nice location, average ambiance.
What a breath of fresh air!!  This place served as a great escape from the hustle restuarant section of Ocean Drive and seedy area of Washington st.  The place has an updated interior, is very clean, and has very personable waiters.  Our meals were at an excellent price- must try the plaintains, eeee!  This was the #2 top place for overall dining experience we ate at during our 6 day stay in Sobe (#1 was Goyo Cafe).
Pretty tasty, especially the little dish of house salsa they give you with your bread. We where to tired and hungry to be more adventitious with the menu. Settled for Gnocchi w/ meat sauce.
Incredible. Skirt steak is the best. Fast service. Cheap. 5 eat  and just $66.00 with tip Sooooo gooood orange juice
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING,  good food and friendly service! I live in South Beach and can say this is one of our favorite places to eat. Im brazilian and my husband a picky argentinian...  We love Charlotte!! When we dont cook we or go to Cafe Charlotte or get a delivery. The skirt steak is cooked to perfection, always nice and tender... Chicken is also great, steak sandwich, beef stew with rice and eggs. Lets not forget about the Tilapia, yummy!!
Went here on a walking tour.  Had the Empanada.  Wow Wow, Wow.  Did I say it was good.  Will be back before I go back home to California.
This place was ok for the price. The waiter is also the cashier and the cook. I saw him blow his nose and put the used tissue back in his pocket before handling my skirt steak. He's a skinny man, dark hair with gel, looks to be half portuguese or arab. Hard to call. The steak was alright. I asked for it medium rare and he cooked it on the cold side of the grill so it never really browned nor did it have grill marks. It came to me a bland grayish color. The clams were good, but it's hard to mess up fresh clams. You just add a little wine and butter and take them off the fire when they open. Again, i dont understand the 4 star reviews. These tourists must come from terrible places that have disgusting food.
I wanted to go here because the reviews were so good, but after eating here I am not sure why they are so good. Hopefully it was just a bad night to go and it actually is a decent restaurant?!? I got the chicken penne Alfredo which had absolutely no taste. They messed up my friends order so she did not eat her food. The ladies were super friendly but it was pretty poor service. One of the ladies couldn't really speak English so we would ask her for something or to bring us our check or something and she would never do it, not because she was being rude I think she just didn't understand us so she just smiled and nodded. There were three of us that ate here and none of us liked our food. They also messed up my bill. This could be a nice place I suppose but I don't think I will be trying it again.
This place is amazing ! I'm from Argentina and it's really hard to find authentic argentinean food at a reasonable price, and this place is definitely it. We had a plate with mixed meats that was unbelievable (their chimichurri is amazing)and even the complimentary bread with sauce was delicious. I can't wait to go back to Miami and go back to this place!
Perfectly cooked skirt steak with chimichurri , crispy tostones, beans and a couple glasses of wine = happy diner!
Had the Snapper which was totally awesome. The fish was big and the sauce on it was so so good! Would definately come back here again. And it's cheap! Totally worth it!
This was a wonderful find. I had the tilapia with lime sauce with a side of plaintains, and it couldn't have been better. Tilapia is pretty bland, but this was cooked to perfection and the sauce was delicious. My husband loved his skirt steak. We spent three times as much for dinner the night before, but we enjoyed the food at Cafe Charlotte more.
Spent the last several days just exploring the various food offerings in Miami Beach. This little eatery was the most pleasant surprise of all. Simple, functional decore and furnishings. Very casual atmosphere. Clean. Frequented by locals (predominately in fact).  The food was superb. The Lime Chicken was simply prepared, moist, tender, and the Lime Sauce was incredibly tasty. The fried plantains were sweet and tender on the inside and crispy perfection on the outside. The chocolate cake was moist, full flavored,and delicious. The portions were quite generous too. I enjoyed the service as well. No hovering. Just checks at appropriate times to see if you require anything. Don't judge this one from the street and pass on by. Go in and enjoy. You'll be glad you did!
If you're looking for good Argentinian food that won't clean out your wallet, this is the place. The women working there when I went were very nice too. I had the milanesa naplolitana and my friend had the entrana (skirt steak) and both were great. Generous portions, and free bread with chimichurri (salt, garlic, tomato, olive oil, delicious) sauce.
Previous to coming here the best sandwich I've ever had was the roast pork sandwich from Dinics in Philadelphia.. Then I had the Lomito. ... Now I'm not sure
The food is delicius and prices are very low for miami. We've been there twice. And at the evening time place was really busy. We took skirt steak, fish and neopoliran style steak. Desserts are not so tasty as entees, but they are not bad also.
I went here since the Charlotte Bakery is awesome and thought with the great reviews that the Cafe would be just as good. The starter bread was good with the tomato sauce. I got a pasta with bacon pieces which was pretty good although I didn't like the bacon pieces (a little chewy and salty). The presentation was nice though. I probably would try something else next time. Although the staff is friendly, I had to go and seek them out to make my order and pay for the food.
I'm typically a Yelp user rather than a poster, however, I just have to tell everyone about this little gem! Best food in South Beach. Really. We had the curry chicken, the pesto tilapia and the lime chicken. Incredibly fresh, very large portions. So, so good. In fact, we went back again a second night because it was so delicious! and so affordably priced. They serve a wonderful sauce with bread that's worth going for alone. I asked to buy and was told "Oh no... that's our very special and secret recipe!" You will not be disappointed!! Go there tonight!
Great small local lunch/dinner option. Affordable with a variety of menu options. Our nine month old daughter was more than welcome at dinner on a Friday at 7pm. Recommend to all.
Service poor, food mediocre, very expensive- $8.00 for a bottle of Pellegrino, and overall disappointing. Looks cool, but a clone of what a good Italian restaurant should be like. Service intrusive.
I ordered a skirt steak with mashed potatoes and my girl ordered chicken with lime sauce with rice and beans. We tried the beef empanadas. They give u complimentary bread, butter, and salsa. The skirt steak was amazing with chimichurri sauce. The empenadas were mediocre. The service was excellent at the beginning. The chicken with lime sauce was really good as well.
I got Delivered for the First time by Cafe Charlotte last week and ordered the Shrimp Soup and the Snapper with lemon sauce, I was pleasantly surprise, it was excellent!! The mash potatoes and the sauce were very tasty and the fish fresh. Shrimp Soup very good as well but a little too salty for my taste Flan was good as well I will order again soon, I loved it and highly recommend!! Fast Delivery
A great bakery to enjoy different option from South America. The main options are Venezuelans but they offer others such as Pan de queijo from Brazil, Argentinian empanadas, Pan de bono from Colombia, Cuban pastelitos, among others. Love that they label each food with the country information. The drink variety is also from different countries. Colombiana, chicha morada from Peru, frescolita (I'm not going to argue of it's Venezuelan or Colombian, LOL), guaraná and Maltin Polar. The music is also varied and it can go from Depeche Mode to salsa. In summary an awesome place up have breakfast. Last but not least: their coffee is amazing
Great great food. Pasta cooked to perfection and The chicken is really good. Portions could be bigger.
We came here based on reviews seen on Yelp and Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. The place is small but it definitely appears very clean. It smells good, too. Even though they fry certain foods it still smells fresh and clean inside. It doesn't smell like fried foods at all...which was delightful. I hate leaving a restaurant smelling like food. The young man that was working at the time of our visit was an extremely hard worker. He made sure everyone had what they needed at all times. The bread and salsa served were delicious. We ordered tostones as an appetizer and they were delicious dipped into the sauce, as well. My mom got the skirt steak that we read so much about and got a salad as her side. The gentleman suggested she have chimichurri sauce along with her steak. The sauce was a great complement to the dish. It tasted extremely fresh! I got the snapper with a lime cream sauce with plantains as my side. The plantains were extremely delicious! The snapper was good as well, although, I would probably try something different if we returned here on a future trip. They do not have fountain soda but they do have a variety of  canned and bottled beverages. Our waitress suggested an Italian orange club soda which was yummy. This is a great little Mom and Pop restaurant that I would definitely recommend anyone trying out while in South Beach! The prices are reasonable, the ingredients are fresh, the service is great and the food is delicious!
Ok so the food was good, not spectacular, but it was really cheap by sobe standards. Had the skirt steak and it was good, and def good value for money but if you are looking for really great food look elsewhere.
My first Yelp review. Tired of being a taker, so here's my contribution. There are tons of South Beach restaurants trying to draw you in--but this one wins the day. No performers. No sparkling decor. Just 100% quality. As my typical form, I did what I normal do when I dine at an unfamiliar restaurant, I order the top Yep recommendation. This time, the skirt steak. While this typically isn't my favorite dish, I knew Yelp never lets me down. Conclusion: The skirt steak is "the bomb."  I'm just sad I went for the small portion. Cafe Charlotte, I am happy to join the chorus of your supporters. At $12, you made me look like a superstar in front of my skeptical wife. As an aside, I also loved the sweet plantains.
me and my friends were starving. it was like 10pm. one of the guys i was hanging out with said he was on a budget so that kinda reduces your options in south beach, but we just walked on washington ave, see if we could find something good and inexpensive. someone pointed out cafe charlotte. most specials are 8.95$ - mostly argentinian parrilla but theres also some venezuelan dishes. we were the last group of people to come into the restaurant, as soon as we came in, someone locked the door behind . i thought we were going to be rushed out of this place but no. the service was actually pretty outstanding. the waiter was very helpful, good. i dont like to be rushed when im eating. i ordered a 'lomito sandwich."  i recommend you get it if you like meat. it comes with provolone cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and even a fried egg. oh yeah. n.f.a. (no fuckin around) and it was only 8$ - my friends had a milanesa and entraa (2 entraa - we were a party of 4). comes with a side (yuca frita, papas fritas, pure de papa, ensalada o arroz y frijoles) and it sells for 9$. this was a good deal. we ate well, watched a soccer game and even had time for some coffee after our meal. i believe the total was 46$ so yes, inexpensive, nice service and great food. i will come here more often. the only thing was that our waiter didnt offer us any alcohol and they serve wine and beer ....  im always up for some alcohol ... so minus 1/2 a star because of that!
Amazing. Reasonable and great service! We had the snapper with lemon sauce and I had the strip steak - both were perfectly done and amazing!!
Absolutely overrated! I don't know what you ordered guys, but my steak was awful, full of fat parts, I'm not even sure it's made of real beef; mashed potatos taste nothing, like it was made of powder bought in supermarket. After I asked politely to change my plate, waitress became so offended as if I insulted her family...should I say that my plate wasn't changed afterall?Wine is ok though, definitely deserves 1 star.
One of my favourite cheap eats in sobe. 10 buks gets u a large plate n the quality is great. Broad menu, cheap, tasty, quick service. Highly recommended
wow.  great service, they remember your name after a couple visits.  family run.  always soccer on the widescreen.  good french fries. sunkist in a can.  delicious-delicious -delicious steak , fish, salad, rice and beans, free bread,   cheap.  thier best kept secret: the made-fresh-daily red garlic hot sauce that you can smother on everything from bread to steak.  if they would just give me the recipie...
Delicious FRESH food, attentive servers and good prices I live nearby and come here almost every day even though I hate dining out on Washington. Strongly recommended for a casual meal
started with the chicken soup (Delicious!!!) and enjoyed the grilled chicken and skirt steak (black beans and plaintains).  Very flavorful and an abundant amount of food!  will definitely be back
Ahhhhh love at the first sight!!! This place to me is like marriage or dating a super hot guy. You fall in love with him when you first meet, but it all starts going down from there. My first experience at the place is superb. I ordered the signature skirt steak. First, it serves you with a hot bread with the delicious tomato sauce. The tomato sauce is super refreshing and definitely a different experience compare to the traditional bread and butter. Then it comes to the skirt steak, I ordered medium rare. It comes with a special homemade green sauce with garlic in it. It is amazing! The steak is very tender and flavorful and perfectly seasoned. The green sauce also added a special sour and garlic flavor into the play. I am really happy about everything and definitely will give a 95/100 for my first try. The like all the fairytale, I wish it could just stop there. But I came back for a second time. Of course I will come back for a second time! But nope, the steak is over cooked and taste very bloody. How can you overcook the meat while leaves the raw taste?! I looked over into the kitchen and found my waitress happens to be the cook over the weekend. Ah ha! That's why! So to save you time, please come here during busy working hours, by which I mean lunch hour Monday through Friday. Your experience will highly rely on the chef. Overall experience 70/100.
Really good and fresh food with reasonable prices!  A must try when in south beach Miami."
Excellent bruschetta!!!  And for the main course I had the snapper with shrimp and clams. It was fabulous!  And the prices were extremely reasonable!!
The taquenos were delicious! You must try, they look like mozzarella sticks, but really good, believe me.  I had the skirt steak (entrana) really delicious.
I've been in Miami for 6 days. Today is my 5th time here at Cafe Charlotte lol. My hubby & I order the skirt steak every single time because it is so deliciously perfect here!! We order the skirt steak medium rare with plantains...yummy!! Maria, the owner grills them herself so it's consistent every time!! We've tried to order this same skirt steak at other restaurants but none are as good as Cafe Charlotte's! The steak is simply marinated and very tasty! If you're in Miami, this place is a MUST try!!
Great place for lunch. The bread is fresh, the empanadas are flaky and light. Try the lomo saltado!
My husband and I are foodie's. We search near and far for GOOD food. This is where you will find it. Everything was exceptional. Empanadas and the house made ravioli were savored. European atmosphere. A local hot spot. Everyone spoke Spanish. Prices are great! Go...now:)
excellent food, tasty, we had a hard time looking for the cafe because the cafe is small and simple but the food is worth it. good value for south beach. authentic argetinian menu. owner is friendly. try it to believe the reviews.
When I first arrived at Café Charlotte I looked at it and said "Oh no, this can't be right," but I checked my Yelp mobile app again and sure enough this was the place with 249 some reviews along with a 4 star plus rating. Though it certainly didn't look like much, I went in anyway. It's totally casual, not much of a place to look at and without anything stellar on the menu. However, it was clean and the meal prices exceptionally reasonable so we decided to give it a try. Accordingly we placed an order for the snapper with lime sauce, an order for the chicken marsala along with sides of plantain and a house salad.   Prior to being served we were given a small bread dish along with a rather delicious in house made bowl of a salsa type spreading consisting of garlic, tomato and other ingredients that was surprisingly tasty when spooned over the bread. Shortly thereafter our entrees arrived and just the look alone was impressive. The snapper consisted of a large filet, floured, pan done with a nice light cream based lime sauce. The fish itself couldn't have been more perfectly done and the cream based lime sauce served as a perfect enhancement and pairing. Likewise, the chicken marsala, perfectly done with a true mushroom marsala flavor. The side of in house salad though simple couldn't have been better with the tomatoes, onions and greens being fresh to the bite and each thoroughly coated with dressing. The plantain side also nicely done with an ever so slight subtlety of flavor given from having been ever so slightly charred. Though the décor and ambiance of the place isn't much better than that of an average diner bit the food is clearly superior and that fact coupled with the bargain price for what you get is what sets Café Charlotte apart and the basis for me going Four Stars.
Corn cake with cheese and empanadas were delicious.
Great food, very fresh. Service was very good - friendly, attentive and welcoming. Had the cachapa and tequenos as appetizers - yummy! Lomo saltado was awesome and pabellon flavorful and hearty. Kids split a large chicken soup that would have been enough for an adult as a main course. Everything was flavorful and fresh. Will definitely be back next time we are in SoBe!
Best everything!!!!!
This place gets a solid 4 stars. Its not going to blow your socks off with the best food you've ever tried. But for what its worth and its location in South Beach, the food cannot be beat. I ordered the popular skirt steak. It comes in regular and large portions. Get the large, as its double the meat for only a few bucks more. I was surprised a place like this could cook a steak this well with just a little salt. Very simple, tender, and perfectly medium rare....served with a side of fried yucca.  Presentation of the dishes are plain, but who cares when you are paying these prices for the quality. The side of plantains were awesome as well and recommended.  Bread with butter is served while you wait for your meal. The décor is minimal with a TV playing Spanish channels/sports. Not many tables inside and the grill is right there in sight. The staff was very attentive we never felt rushed. You can find patrons in nice clothes getting ready to party it up at Mansion or others like me, coming back from the beach in board shorts. No pretentious SoBe people here! At night, they do not seem to have a lighted sign that says "CAFE CHARLOTTE"......but there is one that says "CHARLOTTE BAKERY". Its right next door. Go in and get your grub on.
Delicious skirt steak. And cheap!
Loved this place!  I'm giving this place 5 stars because everything was good and I have no complaints. The   talapia with lime sauce was very light and cooked well. Spaghetti with clams were very fresh and not gritty which is why I'm usually hesitant to order seafood at a non seafood restaurant.  Special mushroom ravioli surprisingly light even though it was a cream sauce. Grilled beef empanada and fried was equally as good so might as well get the grilled to be healthier lol. They had salsa for the bread which was unique. Cute small place. Nice service.
The food here is DELICIOUS!!!!! My girlfriend and i went here and she absolutely loved the food here. I had the Skirt steak, a must have, and she had Lomo Saltado. We will most definitely will be returning.
Very nice.  Had the tilapia in lime sauce.  The fish was very fresh.  Better than many of the expensive restaurants.
Wonderful "hole-in-the-wall" experience!  The flank steak was amazing: juicy, perfectly marinated and grilled.  The prices were spectacularly cheap when you figure we were only one block from the beach and all of the associated tourist traps populating the strip with overpriced, sub-par fare.  The only issue we had was trying to get our check.  Our waitress was chatting with several of her friends while I repeatedly made eye contact with her and mimed that we were ready to leave.  we were one of only three tables occupied at the time, so I was expecting a slightly more prompt response.  Other than that, everything was amazing...
Delicious delicious food! Empanadas & skirt steak were amazing. Cute little restaurant that fills up fast. Service is a little slow but they bust their butts going around to all the customers. Would highly recommend & come back here again!
A jewel in South Beach. Grilled, fresh fish....delicious. Prices can't be beat. Our 2nd visit and was real quality meal.
Delicious! Had the Mixed grill, Spaghetti al frutto di Mare and the mussels al vino vianco. Everything was great! Check it out!
When ever we go to different cities, we're always looking for real local food that reflects the culture and not the pocketbooks of the tourists. We had the Lime Chicken and the Skirt Steak but the best part were the sides especially the whole flattened fried plantains. Both the chicken and steak were tender and cooked perfectly. Everything tasted fresh and made from scratch. For dessert, try the flan with the caramel sauce. And their espresso will keep you going all night!
This place has quickly become a favorite. I live a few blocks away and hesitated trying it because it's exterior isn't very inviting. The other night I had a craving for pesto and went here because I was swayed by the amount of positive reviews. Pleasantly surprised they were all true! Service was quick and food was tasty. They have this yummy salsa that they serve complementary with bread. I came back today for the skirt steak and actually hesitated adding chimichurri sauce because it tasted so good without it. One of the servers suggested I try some salsa with it and the garlic in it did taste great with the steak. I alternated bites- nothing, chimichurri, nothing, salsa. All versions were tasty in different ways. If you find yourself wandering by Washington ave and debating it, go in! Your belly will be grateful. Much better option than the fast food type places nearby and most likely just as fast. I was in and out in less than a half hour both times. Slowed down just to savor the flavor. I think both times I had a cooked to order plate in front of me less than ten minutes after I made my selection. Kind of feels like you've stumbled into the kitchen of someone's mom who makes simple foods slightly better because of that flavorful touch they add with homemade sauces and fresh ingredients.
The food here is great and considering the price you really can't beat it.  I got the skirt steak.  The steak was flavorful, juicy and cooked medium rare.  When I finished it I was tempted to ask for a second one!  I have to admit that when I mentioned this place to my friends they were kind of skeptical but once we started eating no one could say a bad thing about this place.
After being disappointed with so many restaurants on Ocean Dr I was looking to finally eat something good. After reading all the reviews I decided to give Charlotte a chance!I am so happy that I did! I ordered skirt steak and my friends had pasta (huge portions,hard to finish). Everything was very tasty and fresh. It felt like homemade food! I will definitely be back here when I visit Miami again!
awesome, humble place.  super friendly, attentive service.  the meat empanadas were so delicious i wanted to order 10 more & cancel my main dish order.  i'm glad i didn't.  skirt steak & fish special (snapper) were simple, fresh, natural & super delicious. a truly latin experience.
so thanks to Yelp we found this great little cafe place by looking and walking.  the wife and I ordered the skirt steak, and the beef empanadas and mussels and tomato caprese all were great and I had a glass of white wine ...they give you bread too.....small local place I think we were the only tourist there ....service was quick/friendly and price is very reasonable...the -1 star was from the not so fresh mussels =( we had to send it back but they apologized but everything else was VERY VERY good....the steak was so tender and the empanadas was very similar to a chinese style pastry that we always eat~.....to end dinner we ordered the tiramisu which was great! wasn't too sweet it was very tastefully done. a solid 4 stars! in our book....great place for afternoon snack or dinner date!
Don't let the utilitarian "decor" deceive you (I would have walked right on by if the yelp reviews hadn't been so positive)--the food is amazing and the price is right, especially for South Beach.  The staff was friendly and the homemade tomato dip delicious.  Totally worth the stop, and definitely a good bet for takeout (and they deliver).
THIS is my 10 spot. One of my last meals will be at this place if I were to go to prison for the next 5 years. I was craving a juicy steak, and looked into so many other steakhouses. I saw photos and had this whole fantasy on how the skirt steak would taste. I am soooooo glad I'm not vegetarian because not eating this skirt steak, I woulda missed out on a huge part of my Miami trip and life. The fish in lime cream sauce was a maaaaaaaaazing. This is a must-do on your Miami visit. I give a solid 7 out of 5 stars. Oh, and I thought my steak would disappoint because fantasies are just that, fantasies. But it far exceeded my expectations!!!!! Thank you cafe Charlotte.
great service, comfortable atmosphere, cheap eats. got the special of the day, spaghetti and seafood and it was pretty good.  didn't rock my socks, but i'd go back.
A quiet, hidden restaurant, but the service and food were excellent. I got the snapper, and the portion size was great for the price (especially in Miami Beach). However, my friend's ravioli was quite a small portion. The most unique part was the free appetizer: fresh baked bread and salsa. It was an interesting and tasty combination!
The skirt steak is amazing! Great little place.
Very good value. The food was good, portions large and the price was good. We were spoiled after a week cruise.
Charlottes Cafe was one of Miami Beach's best kepts secrets but not any more!  Simply one of the best and we locals have known it for years now.  You would probably pass this place by without a second look but don't be fooled.  Ask for the specials; chicken Marsala, chicken parmigiana, snapper with shrimps and clams, pasta with seafood or whatever the chef is cooking up.  You can't go wrong with Charlottes Cafe.
Glad we stumble across this place while visiting Miami.  For appetizer we ordered beef empanadas, they were delicious! For our main entree  I ordered the skirt steak and side salad and boyfriend got Pabellon. Both dishes were pretty tasty. The staff was friendly and service was great. Definitely would come back here, Loved it!
Hubby and I thought this place was great. We went for dinner. It was a bit hard to find. We had 2 different chicken dinner plates, fresh pasta and nice generous fresh salad. The service was prompt and presentation nice. The inside decor was quaint, nice, clean. Thanks. When in Miami Beach again we will stop by in the morning to try the bakery side.
Really great! All the reviews were correct! The chicken Marsala was dynamite, perfectly balanced.
skirt steak is good (and very affordable)
It is a small place. The food here is good.
Delicious!!!  We feasted, BIG TIME!  Unbelievable Calamari, Spinach & Cheese Empanada, Beef Empanada, Greek Salad, Bolagnese, and Snapper!!!  WOW, will be back next time on Miami Beach.  Don't miss it and don't be fooled by the casualness of the restaurant, it's stupendous and very fairly priced!!!
The food was average. Nothing special or "to die for". The service was just ok. The indide of the restaurant is as well average. Prices are normal but I expected more.
Seriously, this place is amazing. The skirt steak (didn't see one with chimichurri) was perfect. My date had the carbonara, which was also good. House salad was fantastic! Everything was great. Our server was the only one running the place that night and he was zipping all of the place. 15% tip was added to the check and we added 15% more because it was he was just fantastic!
The ravioli is fresh the best I have had.  The empanadas are fresh and tasty.   The service is outstanding.   What a gem in Miami!   Try the spanish beer.
I tried the skirt stake because it was so highly recomended and I was not disapointed.  Came back the next day and had the chicken and tostones and was equally impressed.  Great value , service and food.
Wow!! Had the Caprese salad, fried calamari & shrimp scampi appetizers! Can you say YUMMY!!! For entrees we had the skirt steak, tilapia in lime sauce & pabellon- wooooow!! We cleaned our plates! The staff is friendly & helpful if you have any questions- definitely coming back! Find your way here before you leave Miami!!
Followed Yelp reviews to this hole in the wall and was nothing but impressed. Delicious food (skirt steak and chicken pan) were succulent and delicious. The salsa/marinara that came with the fresh bread was delicious too. Had great service in a friendly and calm atmosphere for a GREAT price--can't wait to come back the next time we visit Miami!
This was an amazing place. The food is delicious. The churrasco with mashed potatoes was bomb and so was the penne with vodka sauce. Yummy. Can't wait to eat here again
I think it's just one guy who mans the kitchen but boy is he GOOD. Only had 2 days in SoBe: day 1, ate Skirt steak and fried plantains, house red. Perfect. Day 2, went back again, this time the snapper in lime sauce, with yucca fries. Again, perfection. Wish i could go back again and again til i've tried everything on the menu!
It is very delicious and cheap!We have returned to this place two times.))I recommend everyone to try 'Mixed Grill','Mussels Marinara' and 'Seafood soup'!
Went with my wife on a Wednesday night. Interior is plain, but clean. There is a large tv in the front and they were watching a football (soccer) match at a really loud volume, but the staff quickly turned it down when we asked. Looking at the menu, there is a good selection of app, pasta, and entrees. Prices are more than reasonable ($10-20 for entrees), especially for South Beach. Had the plain calamari, which comes with marinara, as a shared appetizer. They were crisp, but cooked a little too long(chewy) and needed salt. The marinara was quite good. My wife had the snapper with lime sauce, which she thought was really good. I had the flank steak which was cooked to my desired doneness, but under-seasoned. The steak came with an interesting potato salad - diced boiled potatoes, diced cooked carrots, mayo and capers. It had a good flavor after, you guessed it, you added some salt. I understand that Cafe Charlotte is not holding itself out as a fine dining establishment, but I do feel there is substantial room for improvement. Having said that, if you are looking for a decent, reasonably priced meal in South Beach, Cafe Charlotte could be worth a shot.
Great service.  They don't make your meal until you order it so it may take a by depending on what you order.  The empanadas are amazing!! Will totally come back.
Great steak
Just in time, when both hunger and opportunity converged, along came this Yelp find. After leaving an Art Basel event, the group I was with ended up hungry, and worse, frustrated that a mid-week art jaunt was ending up near starvation. So we stroll in and find a great warm smile and positive attitude from the staff, only to find their food even better! The six of us were all very happy with our dishes as well as the service. Its now approaching 3:00am and I am forgetting what was ordered by all, but consider going with the other Yelp reviews if you're looking for recommendations. Would definitely revisit again!
we  wandered into cafe charlotte and what a find. the food was super,, the service very friendly and low key. the menu is extensive and the food was delicious.it is a very reasonable restaurant for all that you get.  we kept going back during our week in south beach. couldn't be better. you will love it.
I come here every time I'm in Miami.  Based on the massive amount of over-priced tourist traps in the area, this place is a real find.  The dishes draw heavily from either an Argentinian or Italian background.  I've had dishes from both cuisines here and I preferred the Italian side.  On my last visit, I had mushroom ravioli in a pink sauce with bits of onion and peas.  It was really freaking good.  The prices are great too and shockingly cheaper than most Miami restaurants. The restaurant is more of a cafe than an upscale dining experience.  It's relaxing and comfortable.  If you want a break from the fancy Miami scene, then you will def like this place!  Great food, service and prices!
Based on yelp reviews  we tried this small obscure cafe which I walked past on my many trips to this area.  The reviews were surely high end and quite honestly a well deserved.  It's beyond casual, kinda comes as you are and simply decorated.  As recommended By the server i ordered the skirt steak medium rare. I opted for the larger portion with a small up charge which is well worth it.  It was grilled to perfection and marinated perfectly.  A real winner along  side two scoops  of tasty mashed potatoes.  Real home made flavor.  My wife chose the red snapper in lemon sauce.  The fish tasted like it was just plucked from the ocean. White and flavorful without any fishy taste.  The place is a steal and just another example to avoid the tourist eateries on Lincoln road and ocean drive which are small on taste and high on price.  This place is on par with puerto sagua down on seventh street.  Eat in these places then trot down to Lincoln road for the people watching.  Avoid the lincoln road restaurants!
Bottom line upfront: They could easily double their prices and it would still be a great deal. Ravioli is divine. Skirt steak is amazing. I've been to both Italy and South America and this is an exemplary attempt at fusing both cuisines. I suggest you take advantage now before they realize the error in their ways and increase their prices.
A year and a half later and I am STILL salivating over the meal we had.   Cafe Charlotte is a unique gem in South Beach.  The food is to die for, it's full of locals, and extremely reasonably priced. Per the Yelp recommendations we ordered:   :::Skirt Steak w/plantains Tender, juicy and cooked to PERFECTION :::Tilapia w/lime sauce and a side salad AMAZING!  The Tilapia is fresh.  This might be the best lime sauce I had ever had paired with a fish IF I lived in the area, I'd never cook- no point.  I'd just order from here 5 days a week.
Wow. The skirt steak here is DELICIOUS! So tender and cooked just the way I like it. (Medium Rare) I got it with a side of fries when I probably should've got it with a side of rice and beans.  My gf got the seafood pasta which was good also. The tomato dipping sauce with the bread was so good I ate it with my steak. I also got a beef empanada but wasn't too impressed with it. They had soccer showing but if you ask the waitress they will change the TV.  The Heat vs Lakers was on ABC so they changed it for us. Made my day even better so I didn't have to check my phone while eating. Oh and the Lakers won. WOOT!
This cute place was super easy to find.  It is family owned and the service was OK.  We had to remind them a few times for refills but the taste of the food was AWESOME... Ordered: Mix platter of Argentinian empandas & Venezuelan croquettes:  2 croquettes, 1 ham & cheese empanda, 1 beef empanda, and 1 tequenos.  -  YUM YUM YUM! Gnocchi alla Bolognese (Potato dumplings served with homemade meat sauce): WOW-goodness Tilapia with Lime Sauce (Fillet of tilapia sauteed with white wine, lime juice and a delightful cream sauce):  Excellent!!!
The ravioli is fresh the best I have had.  The empanadas are fresh and tasty.   The service is outstanding.   What a gem in Miami!   Try the spanish beer.
Latin food with an Italian flare.... We saw this cafe next to the Charlotte's Bakery and decided to try it out.  The menu seems to be a mix of Latin food with some Italian touches, ie. Milanese chicken.  This is a simple, no frills restaurant so don't expect your dishes to be presented with parsley or carved flowers.  There was only one waiter but he was attentive and always kept our water glasses filled.  Can't go wrong with cheap, yummy eats! Argentinian skirt steak-  Ordered this bc of the positive yelp reviews and it was under 10 bucks!  But I hate to say I didn't care for it.  It was kinda chewy and didn't have much flavor.  Felt like I was eating a flat piece of blah. Cachapa- Venezuelan dish, corn pancake filled with some sort of cheese.  Visually it looks unappealing but it was so. freakin. good. Milanese chicken...flavorful and loved that the breading was light and not greasy. Pabellon- popular Venezuelan dish-shredded beef with black beans, an egg, rice and plaintains.  Deelish.
It's odd - I've walked by this place countless of times, and mostly to go to Charlotte bakery next door for Venezuelan snacks (hey, as a local, I'm almost never usually tempted to eat on the Beach with parking hassles and tons of mediocre food at elevated prices). But I always felt that I should stop by the restaurant/cafe for several reasons - 1) hearing continuous praise from others via word of mouth for its food and prices, 2) seeing consistent reliability of the bakery next door which is owned by the same people and 3) noticing that the owners put more investment into their establishments by renovating the space. And so I walked in to this renovated space - still by no means a fine dining establishment but it is definitely a lot more cozy than what I remembered. And immediately I'm greeted with friendly service by bilingual staff and given a clean, large menu that offered choices of appetizers, pastas, and beef for the most part with offerings from Peru (lomo saltado) and of course, Argentina (entraña/churrasco/skirt steak y vacio/flap meat) and Venezuela (cachapas, tequeños, and pabellon). And so I ordered the popular items - a regular churrasco cooked medium ($9.99) that comes with one side (picked the house salad). And I also ordered a pannacotta for dessert. And the portions were all a good size. The churrasco was well-marinated and I am accustomed to eating it with either guasacaca or chimichurri and I kept thinking in my mind that I should order it - but I finished eating the churrasco before I even brought myself up to breathe. Honestly, that churrasco was so good on its own - and I haven't had such a tasty churrasco on its own in such a very long time. If you want more beef, you could always order a large instead of the regular, which is what I would recommend carnivores to do. The house salad was more than a house salad (since I look at such house salads with disdain at most Latin restaurants). This was well dressed, fresh greens, red onions, chunks of tomatoes - just overall a tasty and hearty salad. And for dessert, the pannacotta also surprised me. I didn't expect such a tasty pannacotta from a restaurant that was not even pure Italian. But it's worth it here, dressed in berries and caramel. Tip is tacked on automatically in South Beach fashion, at 15%. I can definitely see myself making this restaurant into one of my usual dining spot on the Beach. PROS: + friendly bilingual service + great reasonable prices + clean establishment with expansive menu options + great portions of tasty food + beer and wine
Wow!! Had the Caprese salad, fried calamari & shrimp scampi appetizers! Can you say YUMMY!!! For entrees we had the skirt steak, tilapia in lime sauce & pabellon- wooooow!! We cleaned our plates! The staff is friendly & helpful if you have any questions- definitely coming back! Find your way here before you leave Miami!!
This spot was a great option near Espanola Way.  We could easily have fallen victim to all of the other tourist traps nearby, but Yelp came through for this one. As much as I would like to give it a higher rating, I unfortunately did have some issues with it. 1) I wouldn't quite label it as a single dollar sign, it's definitely a two dollar sign place if you plan on getting full.  I walked in expecting some dirty cheap grub--hey, if it was going to be under ten bucks out the door...you know what those places usually look like.  This pricing incongruity did not factor into my rating, but just a warning for those deal seekers out there. 2) Waiter was operating at a 7,000RPM pace, darting in and darting out too fast, and really with not that many people around.  It wasn't all that busy and seemed like the guy actually just didn't care much about giving any attention to his obviously newbish patrons.  So-so service, but at least it was prompt and undelayed. 3) Ribeye steak was extremely salty with the masala mushroom sauce.  On the positive side, it was cooked to order and was still able to enjoy it by mixing it in with the side.  I would suggest getting the plain ribeye without the extra sauce. 4) Corn cakes with queso were superb and were the highlight of the night. 5) Seating area is pretty limited, I ended up right next to the door. Go back?  Yes, definitely worthwhile.  My compadres enjoyed their food, perhaps more so than I.  I would hope for a better overall experience next time.
This was an amazing place. The food is delicious. The churrasco with mashed potatoes was bomb and so was the penne with vodka sauce. Yummy. Can't wait to eat here again
Excellent food, friendly staff, and a low price make Cafe Charlotte a perfect place to spend a low-key evening.  I recommend the Lime Chicken.  I normally shy from chicken in favor of steak, but the Lime Chicken is moist and perfectly seasoned with a creamy lime sauce. I'll be back with an appetite.
Just in time, when both hunger and opportunity converged, along came this Yelp find. After leaving an Art Basel event, the group I was with ended up hungry, and worse, frustrated that a mid-week art jaunt was ending up near starvation. So we stroll in and find a great warm smile and positive attitude from the staff, only to find their food even better! The six of us were all very happy with our dishes as well as the service. Its now approaching 3:00am and I am forgetting what was ordered by all, but consider going with the other Yelp reviews if you're looking for recommendations. Would definitely revisit again!
It is very delicious and cheap!We have returned to this place two times.))I recommend everyone to try 'Mixed Grill','Mussels Marinara' and 'Seafood soup'!
Great service.  They don't make your meal until you order it so it may take a by depending on what you order.  The empanadas are amazing!! Will totally come back.
My daughter found this place thanks to all the Yelp reviews. If not for Yelp, we would have never found it or just walked right by. Cafe Charlotte serves good Latin (Argentinian/Italian) comfort food. The place is nothing to look at but who cares! We had the Tilapia in lime sauce, Red Snapper and the Rib Eye. All three dishes were really, really good with excellent sauces and came with sides. The service was great, the food was cooked to order and it was pretty reasonable for South Beach. My only regret, I was talked out of the Skirt Steak.
I kind of stretched to 4 on this one because it's a decent place. Argentine-Venezuelan although only 1 or 2 Venezuelan dishes. I had the Pabellon or el plato tipico venezolano. Good authentic food if you want to be cultural and won't bust your budget with almost every dish being $8.95. I passed this place because it doesn't really stand out and all of the tables near the windows were empty so I almost thought they were closed. Lots of people sitting at the counter, soccer game in spanish on the TV. No special decor but they were quick and good service.
This was the best meal we had the whole vacation!! The pabellon was sooooooooooo good!! The skirt steak was also amazing!! The service was friendly!   The interior wasn't impressive, but it was fine, the food held our attention :)
While visiting South beach it started pouring, luckily it was just as we were looking for a place to eat and yelp led us here.  Thanks yelp!   I tried the following: -Cachapa which is a corn pancake stuffed with homemade fresh cheese.  This was a favorite for sure.  right now im tryingto figure out how to get one in San Francisco... -Venezuelan Fried cheese stick- oh yes!  its definitely not health food, but a few bites will hit your cheese fix for the day -Argentinian beef empanada with eggs potatoes and onions- i usually don't eat beef but when on vacation,,,i give in.  I had a bite of this and it made me rethink my Pescetarianism.  Very flavorful and well seasoned. -Tilapia with Mushrooms and a side of friend plantains- this was my entree and even though it was good (especially the plantains :)) the appetizers were the highlight of the meal for me!
Oh Gosh.. probably close to the best fish limone I ever had! Fresh fish, cooked to perfection with that delicate layer of egg on top and then smothered in the yummiest tasting lemon sauce ever! mmm.. yummy!! So glad to find this place in SoBe. Not overrun with tourists (yay), fairly authentic and absolutely finger-lickin' good! The complimentary bread that comes with the salsa and green sauce.. yummmmm too!!  And so moderately priced.. it's my fav place to go to when I'm in Miami! :) Just a note - no matter how small your party, they will add a gratuity of 15% to the check automatically.
Bottom line upfront: They could easily double their prices and it would still be a great deal. Ravioli is divine. Skirt steak is amazing. I've been to both Italy and South America and this is an exemplary attempt at fusing both cuisines. I suggest you take advantage now before they realize the error in their ways and increase their prices.
This place is great! They start by bringing you warm bread, butter, and a very tasty red sauce (kind of like a salsa). I ordered chicken soup, which was huge, fresh and delicious..filled with chicken falling off the bones and lots of veggies, potatoes, and corn. I ordered the Spinach Ravioli Alfredo...delicious! The only 2 things I would say they could change is the tiny can of soda I got...wish it was a big glass with refills. Also, I used the women's bathroom and the light bulb was out and toilet paper dispenser empty. Overall, I would say I am definitely going back there and highly recommend it!
3.5 stars. We actually came here because it was close by us on our walk back to our hotel, but also because it had 4.5 stars on my yelp app and it was inexpensive. Hell yes! I didn't particularly think they had good service, there was about an hour left before they were supposed to close so that wasn't really a reason, but whatever. I ordered the spaghetti in vodka sauce, w/ chicken, which was good. I thought towards the end of it though it was a bit on the vodka side! Kinda strange, but still good. Someone else got a caprese salad with extra stuff (like olives and prosciutto and such) and another friend got the steak sandwich with fries, both people said it was good. But I wasn't amazed by the food. It was good though.
One of my favorite argentine and italian restaurants.  I come here everytime im in Miami.  Empenadas are homemade.  This time was by momma.  Great service and great food
The food, staff, salsa, experience was all perfect! I rarely review, but this place deserves my time to give them 5 stars. I had the pebellon and beef empanadas, both amazing. My favorite was the salsa. It had this great garlic flavor, sooo good. Will definitely be back next time in Miami.
Let me say quickly that the food is a 5 star + . . . the skirt steak - WOW.  I could eat this every day - delicious, simple, tender and ample!  The house salad is so fresh, great combination of greens and huge.  The Talapia with Lime Sauce . . . just beautiful. And, it will not cost you a fortune . . . in fact, it could be your least expensive meal in South Beach . . . The place is filled with Argentinian locals - and that is a good sign . . . authentic, delicious, inexpensive . . . (and if you follow soccer, there's always a game on) . . . The only down side is the service, the guy who waited on us both visits this week seemed a little frazzled, distracted and overwhelmed - so, not particularly attentive.  He completely missed my entire order the first visit - but, frankly, the food is so good that for once, I'm willing to cut them some slack here . . . he was pleasant, he did get our food to us eventually and even finally our check . . . Bottom line:  I love it - and if you're going to be in South Beach, put this on your list of stops for lunch OR dinner . . . and do it early in your visit, because you'll want to stop in again, I'm sure!
I'm not sure how this place is ranked so high among Yelpers.  Cute place but I thought the dishes weren't that great.  I was only in town for an evening but wish I had gone elsewhere to eat for my meal here in Miami.   The best thing here is the cachapa, or a thin crispy corn pancake with this mozzarella-like cheese melted inside.  It was super moist with real bits of corn and super delicious.  I loved this!!!  The salsa in the veginning just tasted like a fresh salsa verde to me, nothing special about it. Their skirt steak (served with fries) was not very good, pretty tough and unflavorful.  My husband who's a huge steak person didn't really like his dish unfortunately. I got the pabellon, which is shredded pork with a side of rice with an egg on top, and beans and plantains.  The plantains was the best part of this dish- fried really crispy and sweet.  The beans had a strong smokey flavor,they tasted like they were almost burnt, while the pork was really dry like it needed some kind of sauce over it.  The rice was good- anything with a runny egg on top of it is good. Their pistachio mousse was gross- it was this dry, dense gelatinous green with a layer of skin on top from being really old.  Do not get this here!!! With so many good places to eat in Miami, I would skip over this place and go elsewhere.
Was in South Beach for a bachelor party and needed a quick place to grab some lunch after a long night partying. All you need to know: - Complimentary bread and amazing salsa.  Our group was tearing through the little cups of salsa...be careful, it would be easy to fill up on this stuff alone. - Skirt steak is so tender and flavorful - layer on some of that nice, oily chimichurri and you're money.  I'd go with some of their fried plantains on the side...perfectly cooked $10 plus tax and tip for a delicious, filling steak at lunch.  Can't get much better than that.
Was beat up my 2nd day in Miami in late May.  Can you believe it?  85 degree weather and I have a cold and feel like crap.  after sleeping 15 hours with the cold flu, I walked thru the hip hop festival crowd at 5pm to Cafe Charlotte.  Luckily, I had the place to myself. Luckily, the place had chicken soup (not hot enough, but good enough).  Cafe Charlotte claims to be an Argentinian Restaurant but half the menu's Italian and the other half is South American Cuisine.  Had an interesting skirt stewed skirt steak dish that was cooked with onions, peppers, and of all things, french fries and tomatos. It was odd, but the quality was there.  I'd definitely come by here because the atmosphere's clean and friendly.  The food quality is pretty good but not memorable.
Beef empanadas. Great mix of ground beef and spices and of course a hard boiled egg. Pair it with their amazing salsa and it's perfect flavor. Skirt steak + chimichurri lived up to the hype! Not the out of this world best skirt steak I've had but it was cooked perfectly and the chimichurri sauce was on point. Pabellon. This was a dish of love. Shredded beef that has been stewed in a tomato based sauce. You can just tell that this was over the heat for a few hours for the flavors to blend like that. It came with sunny side egg-topped rice and beans (meh). Pretty affordable meal and it came out of a hole in the wall spot! Great find, Yelpers! Oh and they have Blue Moon on tap! I enjoy that.
Went here after having seen such great reviews on yelp. Would never have gone in to this little restaurant otherwise. They started us off with bread some yummy tomato sauce. We ordered the mixed platter which includes 2 croquets, 1 ham and cheese empanadas, 1 beef empanadas and a tequenos. All of it was delicious. Husband order the skirt steak. It came with one side (he got the rice).  The skirt steak was delicious and the rice was nicely seasoned. I ordered the penne basil. Taste was too salty, garlicky, and oily. The guy running place knew and spoke with everyone who came in. All regular customers. Wanted to come again the next day before we left,  but they don't open till noon.
Great food, good service at a very reasonable price. Rib eye in a tasty wine sauce with green olives, capers and mushrooms. Spaghetti with tomatoes, ollve oil, garlic with a touch of basil and parmegiano...simple but delicious. This is a small, out of the way, homestyle place to enjoy a great meal.
Overall: 5 stars for the tastiness and the price. Food: Had the Lomito, which is a sandwich of fried eggs, ham, mayo, .... Also tried my friend's Skirt Steak plate. The presentation isn't much to look at, but the steak itself was chock full of salty delicious flavor. Service: Not bad, not great. They were prompt, respectful & curt. You could definitely tell though, that they're good to their local regulars. Location: A bit hard to find if you're following Google, but go to the general vicinity and look for it tucked away next to similarly named, yet unrelated Charlotte Bakery.
This place is simply AMAZING!! So fresh and my food came out in less than 5 minutes! Piping hot!
Decided to write a review since now I'm doing these apparently lol. I like this place, ate here when I first moved from NY a yr ago. Service has always been good and the food equally yummy plus not expensive and in a easy accessible location, would recommend this place
The snapper with lemon sauce was amazing! Also liked the chicken soup very much! The penne a la vodka was just okay. Service was a bit slow (but courteous) and atmosphere is casual. Overall 4 stars for food and service. The prices were so reasonable I am giving 5 stars overall. Would definitely come back again.
I had read the reviews on Yelp, and after a long day of hanging out on Lincoln Rd, going to the movies, etc., decided to come here for a late dinner. They are located in the middle of everything, off Lincoln Rd, though down Washington St. a little ways. They were still open at 10:00 pm. It's a small cafe size space with casual and intimate ambience with low-lighting candlelight for dinner. They had a long diner-type counter, and maybe like no more than a dozen tables tops, so it seems that they make the space work really well for them. There was a TV going on with a soccer game, I think, and a regular customer eating at the counter also. Because of the rapport that he had with the restaurant peeps, I could tell that he was one of the family, friends, part of the restaurant. Things like this - they really build the character of a restaurant. Some guy behind the counter greeted me with a sparkle in his eye, and this was topping on the cake for ambience! I chose to sit myself down at the counter so that I could watch the behind-the-scenes activity. He brought me some bread served with spicy bruschetta-like sauce, and it livened up what otherwise would had been something I would have thrown at someone instead of eating! (a typical baguette). So, this sauce was super good. When asked for my drink order, I ordered an espresso. Wooo-heee! Strong stuff, but I needed that. I ordered - The ribs plate at $13.95. You get one side of choice, so I went with a side salad. The guy asked me how I wanted the meat, and I said, "medium rare". He followed that up with, "Are you sure, cuz the meat 'round the rib is gonna be tough if it's not well done." Actually, this little chat was a good sign for me that they know EXACTLY what they are doing in cooking, cuz being a cook myself, and the son of a butcher, what he said is a little-known fact, and also, spoke the truth. The food was GREAT, and came out exactly the way I like it - right down to the bones that I sucked on! They delivered with the exact style/way that I cook beef - simply grilled, with minimal seasoning, served with simple sauce on the side (Argentinian-style). The side salad was entree-size, and a pretty decent helping of lettuce and tomatoes. Some previous yelper complained about the simple oil and vinegar dressing, though peeps also don't realize that this is also Argentinian style. They packed a punch, and delivered with a wow-factor in my eyes for the price that you pay.
Super authentic. Food was perfectly prepared and cooked by the sweet older woman who seemed to be running the joint
Food was tasty, however, don't think by ither reviews that is is a hidden gem.  It is not.  Not a romantic, clean, or comfortable environment.  The skirt steak that everyone is talking about was good...for the price. I won't come back here.
I've lived in South Beach for six years and Cafe Charlotte was one of the first places I "discovered". I've been back over and over again and bring anyone that is visiting in town. The skirt steaks had me transfixed for the first three or four visits. They are cooked simply and perfectly. Make sure to add a bit of chimichurri (the green cilantro, garlic, vinegar sauce) to each bite. After awhile I moved on to the south american dishes such as the lomo saltado and pabellon. One of my favorite pasta dishes I have ever had is the Penne alla Charlotte. Delicious seared eggplant, prosciutto, caper dish with great flavor. Prices have gone up over the years and they've remodeled, so it doesn't feel so quite hole in the wall anymore. But still a great deal for a great meal!
Chicken soup is 7 out of 10. Spaghetti is 8 out of 10. Waiting time for spaghetti is long. Small restaurant, less people than those on the Lincoln rd.
Loved it!  We had the skirt steak & tilapia with lime sauce.  Great staff, excellent food!!
I agree with most of the reviews here. Food was delicious!!! I had variety of stuff there... mussels were absolutely amazing! Skirt steak was also good as well as the snapper. Service was excellent and guy knew everything on the menu. They have a pretty good small selection of beer: Perroni, Warstiner and blue moon. There is really nothing bad to say about this place. It is very affordable compared to the rest of the places around. I would recommend to anybody visiting South Beach.
Amazing bakery items from across South America - from Venezuelan arepas all the way down to Argentine empanadas.  Great cafe con leche and amazing fresh-squeezed OJ (in the, squeezed to order variety). Friendly, warm service
Was really looking forward to eating here and was so dissapointed with our experience. We visited on Sunday so they were not crowded. We were seated at a two top almond the side wall. We had trouble deciding on an appetizer and our sever, Diego, recommended the mixed sampler. We also ordered a bottle of wine and the snapper with creamy lime sauce. The appetizer came out very quickly and the food was very good. We really enjoyed trying the different items. This is where the evening turned. We had to ask for our wine a couple of times and Diego did not bring it over until we were almost done with our appetizer. And the wait went on. Many people entered, ordered, ate and left without our entrees coming to our table. Diego came no where close to our table. My husband thought he gave our entrees to another table and finally went over to Diego to ask about it since Diego would not come to us and avoided our eyes. Diego confirmed that he had given our meal to others and promised our food soon. After more waiting it came. The food was delicious! The cream sauce was yummy but when I requested more it didn't come until 15 minutes later. Very frustrating. The unbelievable fact was that Diego brought the bill with nothing taken off and a full gratuity added in. My husband objected strongly based on he horrendous service. The manager made Diego take the gratuity off. We still left a few dollars but were very sad about the overall experience.
No Corkage here - and don't even dare ask! Can't really rate this restaurant based on food since I didn't actually get to go there, but may have if the person who had answered the phone not been so incredibly rude! We had a very special bottle of wine we wanted to bring to a restaurant to celebrate new beginnings... so called this restaurant ahead to check if they allowed BYOB, and what their corkage fee would be. Rather than simply saying - sorry, we don't accept outside bottles, the rude man who answered the phone admonished me angrily for even asking such a question - said they had a wonderful selection with wines better than the wine I would bring (presumptuous much?) - and he has to pay for his liquor license after all - how could I be so rude as to expect him to allow me to bring my own wine. I repeated I was willing to pay a corkage fee, but was wondering how much. He again mentioned his expensive liquor license. We went to OLA instead, happily paid $35 in corkage, and had a fabulous meal.
SO GOOD! Love their skirt steak and Tilapia with lime sauce! And it is not pricy at all! Definitely recommended.
This cafe is hidden by all these loud restaurants! It was worth the walk! Ordered the skirt steak and empanadas! You can watch and hear the steak grilling literally right next to you. The service was great. The atmosphere is elegant. Great for big groups and families. The steak was fresh and juicy. The empanadas were not amazing but was delicious. Certainly visit this little gem!
Italian and Latin food. I was so happy to discover this place and I can't wait to go back sometime. The  porcino ravioli was amazing... creamy tender and cooked just right. I tried some of the steak from my friends dish and that was just as good xx five stars for food.
Was looking for italian food ended up having Venezuelan food. It was a pleasant surprise! Strongly recommend!
Cafe Charlotte offers an unexpected quality of simply prepared Argentinian cuisine at very reasonable price.  I don't  order snapper very often, but the quality of their Snapper Livornese  was very high and cooked perfectly.  We also tried the empanada sampler platter, which was quite tasty.  Very highly recommended and a great value.
Stay farrrrr away from the seafood!!! It comes from a frozen bag. I ordered the frutta de mar...yuck and to make matters worse one of the servers gave me an attitude because I told her it was bad and couldn't eat it. She argued with me for a while then I grabbed my fork and pressed down on a scallop..my fork completely bent!!! Luckily another server quickly took the plate and apologized. I will eat here again but will stick to parilla and not frozen seafood.
Tilapia with lime sauce is AH-mazing. I went in looking forward to the skirt steak, which was also great on its own, but the tilapia ended up being the star of the dinner. Very citrusy, but balanced out in a cream sauce. So good! Fried plantains were tasty as fried plantains tend to be. Yucca fries were a bit dry. Service was attentive, but not overbearing. Great restaurant overall!
In Miami, there are beautiful Latina women all over the city. I can never tell where the women originate from. They could be Cuban, or Venezuelan, or Argentinean. But since they look so good, I can't complain. At Café Charlotte, there are wonderful Latin dishes all over the menu. I can never tell where the dishes originate from. They could be Cuban, or Venezuelan, or Argentinean. But since they taste so good, I can't complain. This is a small sit down restaurant, with a friendly staff, and everything is made fresh to order. The food has great presentation, and it's also delicious. For the most part during my work trip, food in Miami was average to terrible. But this place managed to shine. Twice. I highly recommend this joint as it's not a tourist trap. It's a small restaurant that adds some genuine culture to the Miami experience. Plus, when Miami gets a little too crazy for you (and totally it did for me), it's nice to sit down and eat a meal that feels like eating at home. Well, without your overbearing mother telling you to cut your bangs. If you're lucky, you'll enjoy good Latin food surrounded by beautiful Latina women. So order the skirt steak and then go chase some skirts. ¡Vamonos a comer en Cafe Charlotte en Miami! ¡La comida es muy deliciosa y las mujeres son muy caliente!
One of my favorite affordable places to eat in the Beach. It is family run Venezuelan-Argentinian restaurant that doesn't look like anything special when you are walking by.  I go at least once every couple of weeks when I don't feel like cooking dinner.  There is a TV and when there is a soccer game on it actually gets pretty loud and fun with everyone cheering their team. They have a list of regular specials almost all for under $10. My favorite is their entrana or skirt steak with two side dishes for $8.95. Can't beat that.  Service is always great and friendly.  I love, love their garlic sauce. The Milanesa de carne is also fantastic. So if you're looking for quick, cheap and good place to eat on the beach this is it.
I dine here every time I'm in Miami. This is one of the places in South Beach where I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off. I usually order the skirt steak with rice and beans. Your meal comes with complimentary bread and marinara. The bread is soft and marinara is flavored with lots of garlic and parsley. The steak is cooked to your liking and seasoned perfectly. No need for A1. They probably put crack in the beans since I ate everything on my plate before I leave. This place is uh-mazing. Why can't I find a place like this in Vegas???
I love Café Charlotte.  As a Miami Beach resident of 7 years now, I have been coming here regularly since 2007.  Way back before they had the flat screens, before the titles on the walls, before the bottles of wine on the tables... back when the menu was one single page.  Not much has changed except with improvements in the over all atmosphere and variety on the menu.  The food is easily the best priced for the high quality of preparation and taste you can find in all of Miami Beach.  And to my knowledge the menu prices have only gone up once in seven years. It really seems to be the one of the very few spots that really values its locals and provides amazing food at normal, not tourist, not flashy tacky Miami Beach prices.  I love how they serve the bread with that amazing tangy salsa.  My favorite dishes are the Entrana steak with chimichuri and fries as a side, and the Chicken Saltimboca with tostones as a side.  Those are my favorite, but everything I have ever ordered here tastes just like your mom made it with love and attention.  I always take my visiting friends and family here.  Its just wonderful all around.
This one goes out to my boo, who loves their chicken parm.  He gets it with plantains, on the same plate.   This is a clean and decently-priced family operation serving up fresh, delicious food.  From soup to pasta to sides, you really can't go wrong.
For the price and quality of food, Cafe Charlotte gets five starts. As a tourist to Miami Beach, two days of beach front restaurant ripoffs left me wanting a quality meal without the surprise $25 vodka soda. (Yes, that actually happened). Cafe Charlotte is not much for ambiance but you'll get an $8 steak or pulled pork with fried egg and rice and beans that's cooked to perfection. Simple, quality, cheap - a welcome departure from the sobe restaurant "scene".
We got to Cafe Charlotte about 8:30 and, from the outside, it looked like the down and out version of Edward Hopper Nighthawks.  It was brightly light and, with stainless tables and chairs, it seemed a bit intimidating to enter since there was only one more table in the restaurant. However we did and were warmly greeted.   Started off with some requisite empanadas.  Next we had the Ropa ViellaQuality delicious food..... We did not stay for coffee or dessert as it was clear the restaurant was ready to close.  Nothing fancy, just good - and inexpensive - fare.....I would go back.
Order the skirt steak, best I ever had!!!!! Service is efficient, fast and friendly. You cannot beat the prices., 8.99 with a side for lunch & dinner!
This place is great value in a great location. If not necessarily a place that makes you go Wow, it is good solid food at decent prices. They have Argentine meat and pasta dishes with a couple of Venezuelan dishes thrown in. I had the Entraña which was at $8.95 was very good albeit a bit small, It was definitely cheaper than the half Entraña at Parilla Liberty down the road. I have to say thought that Liberty's was better. Otherwise really friendly service, I can't really fault them anything.
Stopped by this little place today and I wish I had seen it earlier in my trip. The food was absolutely phenomenal. I highly recommend the Calamari Gorgonzola. It was so good that me and my friend ordered it twice. For our actual entree we split the Mixed Grill which was more than enough food for 2 maybe even 3 people. Next time I'm in Miami this will be a go to place for me.
We showed up with a group of 14 (we called ahead) and our table(s) was set and ready (even though it just about took up the whole place, they accommodated us well).  We were greeted and welcomed warmly and invited to take a seat. As other reviews have stated it is not much for ambiance, bright blue walls with a counter and some tables. This may be true and it may be a  "Hole in the Wall" kind of place which upon first inspection might get passed by and overlooked.  BIG MISTAKE! We started with the appetizer special and Antipasti Plate that was piled with goodness (olives Grilled Zucchini, and Egg-plant, Olives, Artichoke Hearts, and some of the best Prosciutto I ever had.  I had the skirt steak (as did 4 others) and we all raved about it.  Possibly the best skirt steak I ever had.  I split my steak  (there was plenty) with a co worker that split his Seafood Pasta Dish with me.  This too was fantastic, Clams, mussels, shrimp and Squid all hot tender and flavorful and the spaghetti was perfectly cooked.  Several had Chicken Marsala and they all raved about that as well.   Most had a couple of Beers with Dinner or a glass of wine and feeding 14 with Drinks the Bill was $333.00, now I ask you where can you get a meal like that for that kind of price in Miami?  Find this place and try it out you will not be disappointed!
We made it back last night (there's an updated menu with some new dishes!) and finally tried the meat platter.  I wasn't a fan of the blood sausage (I couldn't get over the texture), but all of the other types of meat (and there were plenty) were juicy and delicious.  The meat platter is recommended for two people, but three could definitely share it and be satisfied. I also tried the Ravioli alla Porcino, since I think it's one of the newer items on the menu.  My husband described it as a squash taste, but I thought it was more mushroomy.  Either way, it was great, and I'd definitely order it again. Once again, though, I have to mention the Chicken in Lime Sauce.  Still by far one of my favorite dishes of all time.
Can't beat the quality of the food for the money.  Prices are beyond reasonable. Service isn't the best, but the eats are genuinely spectacular. My favorite?  Can't beat the skirt steak with rice, black beans, and plantains.  Hands down, currently my favorite meal for the money in South Beach.
Yelp took me here, and was pleasantly surprised.  Good, no frills kind of place with really good customer service.  Has plenty of choices at non-SOBE prices.  Portions were huge.  I can see why it's such a popular place. In short: good food, big portions,  great prices, great service.
Great food, especially the steaks, two night in a raw went there, as mentioned in previous rewievs skirt steak to go for, Service is good and quick.
I'm embarassed, I kept gobbling up every piece of food that they put in front of me.  To be clear, this restaurant is not considered Cuban, but Italioargentine.  A melding of the best from Italy and from South America all in one location. The restaurant is not fancy at all.   I had the red snapper with clams, and prawns with a tomato sauce.  I really wanted the fish with garlic sauce, but the server swayed me to eat this instead.  The fish was so delicious, juicy and flavorful, you could have served it with any sauce and it would have been awesome.  Not exactly sure how they were able to cook it so perfectly and the fish was very fresh.   The accompany the meal with bread at the table and serve a salsa alongside.  I'm not sure what is in this salsa, but once again, it was really, really good and I licked the bowl clean. The black beans were typical, but also very good.  They could have been spiced up a little more, but I ate them alongside with the salsa and it was perfect.  They also served white rice which was made just right. I also had the plantains.  They were sweet and delicious. For desert I had the flan.  It was much lighter than most flans and I felt like it wasn't as  calorie intensive....like they made it from condensed milk and not with cream or whole milk.  It had all the good flavor but once again felt light. I sure hope that I get a chance to go there again.  Next time I will order more food than I can eat so I have left overs to take with me.  By the way, there prices were very reasonable.  I felt like the quality of the food was top notch compared to the price.
Good, efficient no-frills service and delicious offerings make this a solid three-star experience for someone looking to sample Venezuelan and Latin cuisine. We had the tilapia with lime sauce, which was cooked just right and just a little crispy on the outside, moist and delicately flavored on the inside. While I'm not a fan of cream sauces on fish the lime sauce complemented the way the tilapia was cooked perfectly. While the black beans I had were decent they were not very flavorful. Whatever this and the limited selection lacks was made up for in spades by the fried yuca, which was crisped a light-golden to perfection, and utterly delicious. I only wish there was more in terms of offerings, and the takeout was a little leaky. Nevertheless this is a decent dining option for the price, if you're looking to try a little of this sort of cuisine for lunch or dinner. Whatever this guy does, he does it right.
Skirt steak.  Skirt steak.  Skirt steak.  Just get it and thank me later. Great mom & pop place, in a place (SoBe) littered with hundreds (probably thousands) of places to eat, I never would have found/gone into Cafe Charlotte if not for yelp.  So, thanks yelp. Now onto the good stuff.  The place is small and looks ordinary but don't let that fool you.  The service is pretty good, attentive, and friendly.  The skirt steak was pure deliciousness and the prices are very inexpensive.  I ordered sweet plantains with the skirt steak and they are some of the best in Miami. To summarize, get the skirt steak.
I was curious how the Italian and Venezuelan inspiration would blend and I was pleasantly surprised by the combination. I prefer to patronize small businesses and this a hidden gem within South Beach. We were greeted and seated immediately in the coziest spot behind the bar. I started with the cachapa, which is sweet cornbread pancake stuffed with fresh mozzarella. It was good but definitely a large enough portion for two people. I ordered the chicken and shrimp curry dinner with a side of plantain. Again, the entree was large and I only ate a 1/4 of my meal so I had dinner for the next evening. There's not much more to say. I loved it and will visit again when I visit Miami.
If they only picked up the phone it would be great. In Sobe, what good is a good dish at a restaurant if you can't access it. Seriously impossible to get a hold of them at certain times. For the most part the food is good, the churrasco is very very good, and their shrimp scampi appetizer is super yummy
The skirt steak as the reviews had mentioned was very good.  I would have been better off ordering 2 of these, instead of trying to venture out with the chicken dish.  The addition of the plantains provided for additional flavoring.  The chicken dish was a bit dry and not something to consider.
Wow - unexpected.  All the reviews are true - don't miss out on the skirt stake.  Great and friendly service, the atmosphere was very casual.  We went there on a Saturday about 1:30 in the afternoon and had a great lunch.  Took all we had not to go back for dinner. A must do again for sure.
Skirt steak large $15 regular $12, very very tasty....tender and so flavorful, can't really go wrong.  The waitress brought me the chimichurri (that green chili sauce), which goes pretty well with the steak... My daughter ordered vongole (spaghetti with manila clam in white wine sauce), which she liked so much and gobbled every last bit They have plenty of great selection of Italian and Argentinian fares, from seafood to steak and anything in between too.  The best part of this whole thing is that all this delicious food doesn't cost you a fortune either, very reasonably priced for the quality and the taste....great job and keep it up. When in South Beach and you want some really good unpretentious food, than stay off the main drag then walk to Washington ave for this cozy little cafe with great food!
We came in for lunch to grab a bite to eat before our next activity while on vacation. The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. After ordering we received bread with a salsa that was fresh and delicious. We both ordered pastas that were a great price for the location we were in. Amazing. If you're staying in the area, definitely stop by for a bite.
It seems that the ownership may have changed, as has the staff.....BUT this still ranks very high as one of my favorite go-to dinner spots on the beach! This no frills, casual Argentian-Venezuelan family restaurant is a great place to catch a soccer game or the latest South American music videos! More importantly you can have dinner for under $15 (including tax and tip)!  You start your meal with their incredible salsa, which I affectionately refer to as "crack sauce," served with bread.  The skirt steak is always a big hit, but I recommend the Tilapia with Lime Sauce, which is amazing!  You can even mix in some of the "crack sauce" with the lime sauce for a little extra kick!   All the side dish options are really good, but I particularly recommend the salad, mashed potatoes, or the platanos!
Lived in South Beach for a few years and when I first moved there I was frustrated with the quality of the restaurants and the price. Most places are designed to rip off tourists. However, after some time I started discovering well worth it restaurants and Cafe Charlotte is one of them. It's a family owned, simple and casual restaurant, not your typical Miami superficial establishment. Prices are good for Miami and what you are getting . Salads are always really good and fresh..free bread served with a delicious bruschetta type salsa, you can ask the waitress to heat/toast your bread, which I usually do because I love it! I've had the following items and they were all good.. Skirt steak with eggs Calamari al gorgonzola Snapper with lime sauce Pabellon and all time favorite..Rib Eye Steak Al Marsala
This is a nice little place with quality eats, yet easy on the pocket book.  We went here on a Saturday for lunch.  There are several small tables and only one was occupied when we got there a little after noon.  The place never got crowded, when we left there were only a few seats at the counter occupied. I had the entrana/skirt steak and it was delicious.  Great flavor and uber tender.  My wife and my cousin had the specials, two seafood dishes that smelled and tasted great.  Prices for what we got were more than reasonable. The service was very nice, although slow.  There were only two ladies working, but there weren't a lot of customers.  I think they just take their time making the food.  We weren't in a hurry, so it wasn't a big problem.  And the quality of the food was pretty much worth the wait. Given a leisurely afternoon in the area, I would definitely be back for the Wonderful food. Be warned though, the parking in the area isn't always easy to find and the service charge was included in the bill, without us being told, we had to ask what the mysterious charge was.
Found this place on yelp and it didn't disappoint!  Ate here twice during my five day stay since the prices were reasonable and the food was better than average.  Like another reveiwer here said, I would not go crazy and say this is the best I have ever eaten, but it was cozy and there is a nice bar to eat at if you are on your own and want to chat with locals. Still trying to get used to the meat-eating culture here in Miami (compared to LA :) and this restaurant is right there, offering several Italian meat dishes with a kind of a South American twist.  I enjoyed the calamari, polenta, dinner salad, and particularly good was the caprese salad.  I def recommend this place! FYI - all restaurants in SoBe include gratuity, I can only assume to account for all the foreigners?  Anyway, the first couple of times I didn't realize it and tipped an additional 20%!!  So beware....
I'm on a whirlwind tour here to Miami, so when Yelp told me that this restaurant was ranked number one in the proximity, price, and rating near me so it had to be visited.  Let me just tell you simply, GO HERE.  The food is great.  The service is wonderful.  Ricardo, the server was really passionate describing the dishes and was helpful and honest when we asked him questions: Us:  Should we go with the Beef or the Chicken? Ricardo: Go with the chicken, we do that the best.  ITs juicy and tender, the beef is good too, but go with the chicken. We did and we weren't disappointed.
We never would've given this place a second look if it wasn't for yelp. What it lacks in ambiance it more than makes up for in deliciousness. Probably would be a good spot for take out. Pabellon, or shredded beef and beans and rice topped with a fried egg = excellent hangover food. Do not miss the fresh squeezed OJ.
Small and simple restaurant that has delicious food and friendly staff. My skirt steak was delicious! The food was so good we ate there three times!
Do you want great food in South Beach for an amazing price?  Check Cafe Charlotte out!!  This place is awesome.  Its right in the heart of Sobe.  Its a cozy little cafe that has delicious food.  Its definitely different and WAY better than those Ocean Drive restaurants.   I was down in south beach for a long weekend and saw all the great reviews on Yelp so my gf and i checked this place out.  This is a place you go to have a great meal without breaking the bank.  We had the Argentinian empanadas which are DEEELISH!  And we both ordered the Pabellon...AMAZING (for only $10 bucks)!!!
Spent the day wandering around Miami and found this place to eat.  It was a Sunday night at 5:30 and the place was empty but we followed Yelp faithfully and it was good.  Had the shredded beef and snapper with lime sauce.  The lime sauce with anything is good.  It had a light butter, citrisy taste.  Pretty sure the fish was NOT fresh but the sauce made up for that.  What do you want for $11.95?  Reasonably priced and the place was clean.   Always easy to find good eats in Miami.
I was so, so happy to bump into Cafe Charlotte and to get all of my Argentinean cravings squared away in one place:   sandwiches de miga?  check. empanadas?  check. facturas con dulce de leche?  check. The best part?  The prices were totally reasonable, and the staff was friendly.  The only thing better would've been to actually be IN Buenos Aires, but I was happy-go-lucky in my new-found South Beach spot.
The food here was pretty much perfect. My friend and I didn't come here with an empty stomach, but what we did order was delicious. Based on other yelp reviews, I had the red snapper with lime sauce - it was amazing. The filet was incredibly tender and the sauce was super tasty. The lime sauce is rather thick and creamy, but the lime flavor cuts the richness. I had tostones (flattened plantains, battered and fried) as my side dish because I wanted something traditional. I liked how they weren't overly greasy and you can that you can taste plantains in them instead of just a fried battered mess. My friend had their chicken soup - which was visually probably the most appetizing chicken soup I've seen. It had chunks of chicken with veggies and a small cob of corn  - incredibly colorful. The taste did not disappoint either...you can tell that soup was cooking for hours! Also, the sauce they give you with the bread in the beginning is INCREDIBLE. It's a traditional Venezuelan salsa that is quite spicy and definitely the best salsa I've had ever. The service was great and the waitress was friendly. However, since this place is small and they only had one waitress, I could see service getting quite slow when busy. The only downside to this place is that they don't do takeout :( Overall, I love this place and this is a must if you're in Miami Beach. It's also quite inexpensive. We were so lucky this place was so close to where we stayed! I'm giving this place 4/5 because I haven't tried many dishes, but I'll definitely be back the next time I'm here.
3.5 Stars.  Relatively affordable place in SoBe that isn't overrun by tourists, which is a good thing!  The food was fresh and very generous portions.  Of course, at this price point you can't expect very fancy digs or breathtaking presentation. The skirt steak wasn't as amazing as people said.  It was fresh, tender, and nicely grilled.  However, the preparation could have been a little more refined.  I wished that there was a little more to it than just salt and pepper.  I suppose, I was expecting a little more since so many people had recommended it.  But for $15 for a large portion (which is a more than generous amount of steak), I guess I can't complain too much.   The seafood pasta was chock full of fresh seafood, and the sauce was a savory, seafood delight.  The pasta isn't freshly made, but at least they cooked it al dente (some may find it too al dente).   We also had the caprese salad, which I would not recommend.  The mozzarella was cut a little too thick, and the tomatoes were nothing special.  Just not very refined, and I'm pretty sure I could make it better at home myself.
Great restaurant! It is a very casual place with a diner-esque sort of feel that does not represent the exquisite food that they serve. I got a skillet chicken with rice and beans and it was delicious! The location was really convenient too, since it was right across the street from my hotel and near the beach. If you're looking for delicious food, this is the place to go. Very good prices too. However, if you're looking for a fancy sort of ambience or a long sit-down dinner, this might not be the place to go.
Their Pabellon is my go-to comfort food. However, today I had their Gnocchi alla Vodka. Sweet Baby Jesus, it was so wonderful that I am writing about it right now, less than 30 minutes later. The price is amazing for their quality of food. Don't let the Italian food on the Venezuelan menu confuse you - Venezuela itself is named after Venice, Italy and is full of Italians! This is the perfect place in Miami Beach to come for some first class pasta!
I had a Venezuelan beef dish and loved it! The place has a lively Latin vibe and I will definitely come back!
Bottom Line: Great Argentinian comfort food, casual dining, and very affordable.   Pros: Great empanadas, Pabellon (like a ropa vieja), and snapper with clams and shrimps and a tomato based sauce.  It was a casual dining atmosphere and very affordable.  I really liked this place and I'd go back again in a heartbeat. Cons: The ambiance wasn't that great and it's not a place you want to sit all night long.  It's just a place with great food at a good price.
O M G This place is the bomb. Skirt steak? I could eat this every single day. Chicken w lime sauce? Hubs didn't lick the plate clean, but that's only because his momma raised him so well. Best food we had in SoBe. Two dinners, two beers and a soda and we were out the door for like $35. Low prices, amazing food, and the guy who runs the place seems super nice. Check it out.
SAMMY V STAR CERTIFIED SPecial SOBE review for all those who like good food.  Went get into it with the nerds that rate down for 'ambiance,' get a grip and go back to applebees losers. This place legit.  Not an upscale place with white linen tables, but not a taco shop either.  Nice place with a flat screen playing soccer games, wine for lunch with your meal, and laid back atmosphere. Food: Mix platter: croquettes, empanadas, and mozza stick.  beef empanada 5/5.  everything else 3/5. just get a bunch of empanadas. Salsa, bread and butter solid. Mussels marinara: fresh, savory, marinara was straight legit italian/latin/HAM Chicken parm: 5/5 Ribeye 5/5 Lomito sandwich 5/5 fries 5/5 they go ham here and they go ham hard. hard as moos SVS certificate # A8472 9/8/2012
Amazing good and amazing cheap. The place is falling a part and far away from the fancy crowd but if you want to have a quick and very good lunch or dinner, this is the place. Run away from the worst restaurants of the world at Lincoln Road or Española and try this place.
amazing meat(mixed grill). warsteiner beer and real great espresso. this place is great.
Good stuff. I had the skirt steak, sweet banana, and rice/beans. The total with a beer was around $13. Bright (almost blinding) white, sparse diner. I sat by myself at the counter, in front of the grill. Service was pleasant.
Food was delicious, service was good, and prices were low. What else can one ask for?
Very good little restaurant the blends Italian with Latin. Menu consists of many pastas and secondi dishes but also feature local flavors like empanadas and plantains. i got the chimichurri flank steak and it was great. Very tender and grilled nicely. THe sauce was full of flavors consisting of cilantro and garlic. The large portion is definitely a grown man's meal.
Great place for take out... $15 Skirt steak platter is a family sized portion.
Order the mixed grill plate and expand your palate. It comes with sweet bread, blood sausage, sausage, flap meat, skirt steak and ribs. It went two dollars but is still the best value. It comes on a table top heat container. This place is one of the non tourist American influenced places in Miami Beach. Good mix of expats and Americans.
Affordable, yummy, easy. Service? Kind of lackluster. We went for a quick bite and there was only one other couple in there dining (at a table). There were a few guys eating at the bar. Even so, the waiter suggested we sit at a tiny table right behind said bar guys in case it got busy. Er, didn't look like it was going to be busy and it certainly didn't get busy. But we went ahead and complied even though we had to sit inches away from the tushes of strangers. Our minds were totally boggled since there were other tables available (such as the one next to the other couple) which had lots of room. Not a huge deal at all - just weird. Other than that, the food was definitely really good. I had their version of palomilla steak which was cooked in a wine and onion sauce. Talk about melt in your mouth. I am determined to dupe this dish at home. The price was awesome for our meals. Would definitely go back and hopefully get luckier with our table...
It's super basic food. And the atmosphere is super basic also. Like some diner on the side of the road. If you understand this going in, you will be happy, esp if you order the skirt steak. It's very good value for the money especially in this area. We were two girls that dont eat fried crap usually and were satisfied eating here, nothing was too fatty or greasy or old like you'd expect in cheap places.
This place is probably my favorite restaurant of my whole Miami trip. Every single thing we ordered was amazing! We went during lunch so there was no one there but my family. The waitress was so sweet and brought my son a plastic cup of water and extra (plastic not glass) plate without us even asking. We were hungry and ordered a lot. We got the chicken soup. It essentially had everything chicken noodle soup has without the noodles. It was so fresh. I envisioned a big ol pot in the kitchen just sitting there for hours with the chicken in it because it was so tender and juicy. Then we got beef empenadas which were excellent. Then for our main meals we got the Venezuelan and Peruvian beef dishes. I don't remember what either was called, but both were good. I preferred my husband's Venezuelan dish over mine and ended up eating most of it. It comes with French fries stacked in the pile of meat, onions, and peppers. It was very odd, but still very good. My Peruvian dish was basically shredded beef with a seasoning I couldn't figure out. But the menu had so many other things I wanted to try. My biggest regret is finding this place close to the end of my trip.
We had a decent meal here for a good price. Followed the advice of fellow Yelpers and had the skirt steak. My BF had the Venezuelan dish of shredded beef. My gripe: you get one side with the steak. I chose the plantains, which were good, as well as the steak, but it really needed some type of greens. A small mixed salad on the plate would have made it a great experience. Instead, it was just meat and banana. The shredded beef was great. The rice and beans were tasty. Also really liked the 2 salsas on the table, but did worry about the hygienic (or lack there of) nature of it.
Go here! It's worth it!! The good: I can't say enough great things about this place.  They love garlic, just like me :-).  I first had the clam soup which was with a white wine garlic sauce.  It was so tasty, although I must admit the clams were very small.  I kept dipping bread into it, yummy!  I then had the skirt steak sandwich, cooked medium well (which is exactly what I asked for).  The steak was soft and tasty.  Great sandwich to wrap up an excellent lunch.  And it was all very affordable!! There is also a Charlotte bakery next door which I went to take a look at.  Save room for some dessert there if you have time and space.  I have a delicious little alfajore.   The bad: I live too far away to make it my staple! The ugly truth: I would definitely go back here for lunch.  And am angling to go back before my trip is over.  I am not sure how it would be for dinner, but I imagine just as great!
I wouldn't say this was the highlight of my visit to south FL, but when you're walking around South Beach, the neighborhood of $9 beers and inexplicable $50 dinners at places that serve burgers and hot dogs, and you're asking yourself "Is there anywhere to have a decent meal that won't rip the seams out of my wallet?" If that's you, do yourself a favor and duck into this modest storefront on a not-out-of-the-way part of Washington Ave. Highlights: nice people, solid Argentinian dishes, great fresh salsa, cheap booze. Let these guys rescue you too.
Awesome meal awesome options awesome price! Would highly recommend this place if you are looking for tasteful and reasonably priced meals while in south beach.
Tilapia with lime sauce is wonderful. The cream tastes Just right and the fish has a good mixture of sourness and sweetness.
This place is a little hidden along Washington but well worth the search. I had the Flap Steak and potatoes for dinner and the Steak was cooked just right and very tender. Their Chimichurri is very good and a great compliment to the steak.
Came here last year in may 3 times and had to come back. Seriously the prices are awesome for South Beach and the Skirt Steak w/ chimichurri is off the chain. Got it with a side of maduros. Cooked to perfection and flavor... oh man. Bread with a tomato garlic sauce is served while you wait. That sauce is freakin awesome too. Staff is very friendly... I really seriously wanna drive the 45 min to eat there again before I leave. This is experience was as good as the first!!!!!!!!!
I don't understand why everyone is so excited.  The food is rather mediocre.
This is a must at Miami Beach. It's a small cafe off Washington ave. Service is friendly. Food is impeccable. Order medium rare skirt steak. "The don't use anything but salt and butter. I cannot believe it." Straight quote from my boyfriend! Cooked to perfection :)
Hidden gem in South Beach.  Food was tremendous and staff was incredibly nice.  Seems like it's owned and run by a family -- felt right at home.  Started off with complimentary bread with homemade salsa -  both were incredibly fresh and delicious.  For and app we had the mussels and empanadas, which were fantastic.  Entrees were skirt steak and beef napolitana -- incredibly authentic, tender and just plain delicious.  This was all enjoyed over a bottle of wine that was fantastic.  Bill was 70 bucks -- you can't beat that!!!
We went to Cafe Charlotte because of yelp, however, we were very disappointed. The reviews looked like it was going to be amazing. We actually heard the owner? talking about yelp and how some good reviews were taken down. It looks like he has some crowd control on who writes the reviews. The group he was talking to he gave exceptional service to and had food down at their table before we even got water....we were sat before them. It actually took about 25 minutes to get water. We were on vacation and it was our last day. We wanted to spend the rest of the day walking around South Beach, but instead spent it at an "okay" restaurant. The food was alright; well, at least mine was. I got the Venezuelan dish (I don't remember what it was called but remember it was first on the menu), and my boyfriend got the skirt steak. He didn't like his and I got more food with mine. It also isn't expensive. If you have the time, then it might be okay. The person serving obviously cared for other people more than us. Disappointment.
Really good Argentinian food. This whole in a wall place surprised me with awesome spices. Would def come back again. Order the steak.
Very good. Family little place, go for the food , nothing fancy decor wise. It's a very simple little upscale diner type spot.  Wife had the snapper with lime , very good lightly breaded.  I had the skirt steak , silly good.  The "small" is plenty for 1 man especially with the excellent empanadas combo appetizer.   Service was very easy and chill.
I've been here twice, blown away both times! Amazing food! Everything is fresh, including the marinara sauces! Great tomato salsa to spread over the bread. Service is excellent! I had the spaghetti di mare and the spinach ravioli with a bolognese sauce, heavenly! I wish I could take this restaurant with me to LA :)
Tilapia with lime sauce was delicious! Diner feel, but the food tasted amazing. It was also fast and cheap so a perfect lunch/ early dinner by the beach.
If you are interested in great food, freshly prepared without pretentiousness this place is for you. In a low key storefront on Washington Ave. Francesco the owner oversees this small but friendly place. Go for the authentic Italian fare like homemade ravioli, mussels in white wine, calamari, and some killer desserts. The house Chianti while served in the cliched straw covered bottle is a great value and surprisingly good. Skip the gauntlet of tourist traps along Ocean Blvd and walk a couple of blocks over to Cafe Charlotte. No fancy decor but clean, well lit and a great find.
Service and food were very good. Don't be afraid to leave the beaten path at South Beach. This little place is a gem!
Perfect for breakfast! You can pay more than twice for a hearty breakfast in the area - but this place beats them. By a long shot - I had the Chorizo omelette with Cuban bread, nice and crunchy, with just the right amount of butter, plus one of the best cups of coffee, all for $6.95. Other members of my party had the pastries, and can;t get enough.
This is the Second time that we have been here. The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. Ask for Ricardo and he'll take care of you. We are just a couple American tourists that are treated really well. The prices make the food that much better since all of Miami is way overpriced. Awesome place to eat. The atmosphere is average but who cares at these price points with this excellent food. The menu is pretty big as well.
Small hole in the wall restaurant. The food is fresh. We ordered empanadas and they immediately made them there on the spot.  The churrasco is great !
Service was fabulous as are the prices. Food was not too shabby. Had the Tilapia con Lime and my husband enjoyed the special which was lobster ravioli with a vodka sauce. Both were delicious. The chef/owner helped suggest our meals and we were not disappointed. Our $23 bottle of Sauvignon Blanc perfectly paired our meals and wallet.
The food was great! Our waiter Francesco was a cool and funny guy. I highly recommend this place if you are ever in Miami south beach area.
Quite a little hidden gem on Washington Ave. It wasn't too busy, we were there on a Monday night at 7 pm and there were plenty of tables open. Got the skirt steak and muscles appetizer and both were amazing. Everything was so savory and flavorful. Also the cheapest meal during our trip to South Beach. I would love to go back and try the rest of the menu.
Really a hidden gem! Super delicious food: we had ravioli al porcini and ravioli four cheeses - both meals were absolutely amazing! For dessert we had panna cotta - definitely the best panna cotta ever!!
Amazing hole in the wall spot. Near some larger restaurants, but came here for the reviews. Place is awesome.
Tilapia with lime sauce was ahh-mazing! Would come back for seconds.
Made the walk from Lincoln mall, totally worth it. I had the ravioli, very good. My fiance had the famous skirt steak, amazing melt in your mouth goodness. Prices are extremely reasonable. Empanadas were great as well. Thanks for pointing us to this one yelp crowd, you were right.
