I haven't really visited too many bars around Miami, but this one had a very... interesting variety of people. Some 20-somethings. Some 30-somethings. Some 40-somethings. Some 50-somethings. And one grandma, so I guess a 70-something as well... hahaha. It's a pretty impressive-looking place. Cool lighting and tons of seats and tables for you to hang out with friends and chill. The plethora of tables makes it difficult to have a large area to dance in, so just be careful with your salsa spins so you won't spill any drinks. It may just be that I'm used to the cheapness that was almost every place in Gainesville, but the drinks were way out of my unemployed post-undergrad price range. The lovely bartending ladies in lingerie didn't seem very pleased by the fact that my friends and I decided to not get any drinks, but c'est la vie. I promise to give a good tip if I ever do go back and buy a $14 martini. The super cool guys smoking their super cool cigars and blowing their super cool smoke all over the place made most of my night kind of bleh, as did the man who was at least 2.5 times my age asking me to dance. My rejection didn't break his heart, thankfully... he quickly moved on to a fresh rejection a few seconds later. The saving grace of the night for me was the live cover band. They play every Thursday night, and they're AMAZING! So full of energy! It's like a huge megamix of spanish hits, with a couple of english songs mixed in as well. (Journey's "Don't Stop Believing"? Yes please!)
Over-priced drinks, bad music, weird crowd, the bouncers are pricks, stupid dress attire required, can't have an unbuttoned shirt with a shirt under... I think that does it. When we first got there, the music was from a live band, which wasn't that bad. Your typical salsa music that all sounds the same. When that ended, they played the generic pop music you hear on the radio everyday. Boring. If I wasn't with a bunch of friends who wanted to 'experience' the place, I would have packed it up and left. The tab between me and two friends was about $70 for 3-4 beers between the three of us. If there was only one good thing, and that warrants the place two stars instead of one, it'd have to be the servers. They were pretty spot on with our orders, even though the music was obnoxiously loud. I'd say skip this place. Whatever.
Loud, energetic, good service, great (but expensive) Martinis, good looking crowd, excellent appetizers, fun. Ideal place to start the night out. Last time there one of our business partners got about 12 people together for a happy hour there, and it was a lot of fun. Recommended!
Was in town for the big game this past weekend, so was out with the female friends early Sunday evening.  We stumbled upon this place on the second floor in the Brickell Village area.  Bar was indoor/outdoor and was a very nice feel.  Decor was nice.  They had an inside area that was very spacious with two other large bars besides the outdoor one. Crowd was light, but it was around 8pm.   Place had great martinis, and a huge selection as you'd expect.  The best part was, they were half off.  $14 was high, but for $7 we started hammering them.  Manager and door man were very nice and accomidating to us, even offering the girls a job if they decide to move down.  And who knew they sold cigars, which ended my long journey of trying to find one in that area.  And who knew you could smoke in places like this in Miami??  I need to move there...  Bartender, Audra, was a doll!!  This girl is sharp, knows her stuff, and doesn't act all dumb, airheaded or conceited.  But at the same time was very pleasant to us and took care of us.  And a side note... she was the hottest bartender we saw of the 15 or more places we hit during our nights in town.  We even came back at 3am after hitting some clubs on the beach.   Overall, fun time was had here.  Good atmosphere, nice setup, fun vibes.  Only complaint was they needed more female patrons, as it was mostly guys during both of our visits. This made it open season on my friends who were just there for some drinks and good times.  They got very annoyed and finally had to leave because of the constant pick up attempts...
We had a beautiful time sitting on the veranda sipping drinks and meeting people at the Blue Martini in Mary Brickell village.  I didn't like the inside, way too clubby for me.  And as we were leaving, the crowd started to get thick in the main room and live music (cover tunes) was starting to play.  They have a massively long drink and friendly bartenders.  And they allow you to smoke a stogey on the veranda, locals seem to be way more smoke friendly than they are in LA and no one minded our heavy blue smoke.
Like this place a lot. Love the strawberry matini. It is so delicious. It is a good place for happy hour and a good hang out after midnight. The reason I gave it a 3 is because I don't like the live band thing. They never really impress me. I am not into it. The other reason is that they charge a cover charge after a certain hour. I think that is kind of silly considering that it is not a club and their drinks are already expensive enough as it is. There's no reason why they should be charging a cover charge. I have to admit I usually only have a good time here when I come during HH and the drinks are HH price and the live band has not started to play yet. UMMMM I believe that is usually around 5pm.LOL One other thing the DJ who plays on late Saturday nights come on all that house music. You have to mix it up luv. Put a little bit of everything. Sad part is that when you think he is putting something good he converts it into house music. COME ON. Give me a break. Switch it up.
While visiting Miami my family and I went for 50% off drinks. When we got the check the waitress didn't give us the discount , when we questioned her she said the discount was for local business people. So ok no problem. But then it was announced by the band that the 50 % off was going to be over soon, so we questioned the bartender and he said the discount was for everyone. But he couldn't refund our money. Wow what a  racket that place has going on since most of the people in the joint was visitors. Never going there again and I won't recommend it to anyone!
i am NOT a club hopper in any sense of the word. but i sure do love this place. does it play nothing but top 40 hits? yes. does it attract couples and sketchy men in their late 40's? sure. are some of the drinks there overpriced? fine. BUT that sure didn't stop me from having a good time. my first visit was for a bachelorette party where the only thing i remember is giving out beaded necklaces to guys willing to show us their six packs (and sometimes beer guts) and trying to get the bride-to-be as toasted as possible. my second visit was this past New Year's Eve. $40 got me into the awesome Moulin Rouge themed party with a two hour open bar, appetizers, and champagne toast at midnight.  and during the night, my crew and i got an invite to the VIP section by a lovely couple from Naples. this place is fun, trendy and always packed. the crowd is also super polite. every time i've been bumped into...and it's been a lot, the person always stops to scream over the music "excuse me" or apologize. drinks are pricey but good especially the signature Blue Martini. don't forget to try the tapas, too!
Most horrendous experience .   Myself and about 30 friends went to celebrate our birthdays, had a couple tables and   spent a considerable amount of money. Getting ready to leave we walk down to the main bar and a 'friend of the owners' pushes me out of my chair because I guess she wrote her name on it, tells the bouncer and we're told they can't kick her out, but we've got to leave.  What a way to treat your patrons. Thought it was an upstanding place, but obviously not with that kind of trash. Will never see a penny from me again.
I have to say I love Blue Martini. Is just a great atmosphere. The crowd is an older one which is good..no teens here causing trouble. I love the upscale feel to it and the martinis are great!!! Last time I went was 2 months ago and I will sure be back soon. The music is great, just be careful if you want to get a table close to dancing floor, they will be taken if u get there after 11pm. We were lucky to get one last time we went. One of the bouncers was super sweet and got us one! I was so happy!. I can say I had an awesome night.
Being a total snob, in trying not to frequent chain anythings, I thought I would never enter Blue Martini. But I'm new to Miami, and open to new ideas. At least I was. I stopped over at Blue martini for about an hour last thursday night.  The music was a strange medley of pop, latin rock, reggaeton and hip hop. Now usually that's not a bad thing at a club, but literally each song that changed was from a different genre. A little hard to dance to and get your groove on to. As far as the clientele, it was a little too ghetto fabulous for my taste, especially being in Brickell. So I was disappointed to say the least. Not sure I would come here again, unless maybe with a group of friends just to dance and can dress pretty casual. The dress code here seems to be non existent.
The drinks are way, way, way too damm expensive. I'm from New York and just came back from living in DC for a few months, and going from paying $2.00 for a corona on Thursday nights at Dupont in DC (and free tacos) to ten bucks for a beer, that is ridiculous. I spent almost 30 on two glasses of Jack on the rocks here at Blue Martini... never again. The crowd is a little on the older side on Thursday nights, not a big deal, but just and fyi. Mostly looks like singles on the hunt for young prey lol. I don't think I'll be coming back here again. Music is way too loud so don't come here to "socialize" or have a nice chatty dinner with someone, this is mostly a drink, spend and dance kinda place.
I've been to 3 of the Blue Martini's in South Florida so far and this one was my favorite, by far.  They all tend to replicate the same atmosphere of a trendy bar with some good live music til around midnight.   This place is predominantly my favorite because of the location.  It's right in downtown Brickell in the Tobacoo Rd area.   The crowd is predominantly locals and a nice mix of young partiers and mature professionals looking to get LOOSE!  I went on a Thursday night and was pleasantly surprised to see a fair amount of people getting an early start to their weekend :) The location can't be beat, but expect to pay average price for drinks.   Make this one of your stops if your in downtown Brickell, it's always poppin.
I enjoyed the Blue Martini even with the cover and somewhat expensive drinks. Very good looking crowd with a good DJ who knew how to keep the energy high. Also enjoyed the live band that played covers of pop songs. I would recommend this place at least as a one time visit. Everyday Happy Hour runs from 4 to 8 pm with 1/2 off Drinks and Appetizers.
I went to the Brickell location on Thursday night because a friend of mine sings in the the live band. I got there early, at about 9pm.On the positive side, my sister and my mom went with me, and was happy that they dont discriminate or pick people at the door. At that time it wasn't packed, and the service was pretty good, It was easy to find a table. As far as the music goes, It was a night of Gaitas, tambores, and Rumba. all three bands/groups were very good! On the negative side, I noticed that there were a lot of guys, like 5 to 1 girl so it was kind of creepy because I felt like a piece of meat amongst  hungry wolves LOL but I stayed with my group and had a good time. It was getting too crowded by the time we were leaving (12pm) and people were pretty drunk.
no cover, beautiful ambiance, nice crowd, great live band balanced with chill music between sets. drinks were strong and generous (but around $14+) and staff was attractive but at least to us (3 girls) not as attentive as she was to the guys around us. haven't tried the entrees but the desserts are yummy and i'd DEFINITELY come back here! happy hr 4-7pm too. :)
Located on the 2nd fl.  I came here on a Friday night. Tasty drinks (may be a little overpriced but not too bad). Decent dance music but no one really dances here. A bit crowded. Are guys always this aggressive? Cute blue bartender outfits.
This place gets very crowded on a Friday night and the line get busy too. But I wouldn't know cuz we skipped the line and went to VIP with a bottle of champagne for 5, compliments of the club for my birthday! Nice venue, musics great, nice bathroom, and staff is very friendly and helpful.
Ultralounge above Rosa Mexicano.  Great place for a happy hour.  Packed Friday night, music changes as the evening rolls on (also live band).  Expensive cocktails (SOBE style), but very hip crowd.  Crowded but not overcrowded.  Fun times all around.  I think it's a tribute to the increasing popularity of the Mary Brickell Village area. ok it's a bit ridiculous now, so downgraded.
This is one of those places that's awesome for young hot chicks and horrible for anyone with a penis. I showed up alone the other night and skipped the long line and went in for free because I'm a chick. I know that wouldn't have happened if I was with any of my guy friends. The drinks are rather expensive but I find the place to be really pretty once you're inside. The crowd is definitely a mix of young and old - and when I say old I mean the later 50s - but hey, they need a drink too, right? It gets really packed so I suggest getting there a little early to avoid a line. I hear it's 10 bucks to get in and eh. I'm not sure if it's worth that, especially when you can head to Transit or Purdy and not have to pay a cover. The location is appealing if you live within the area, though. Point is, check it out if you have 10 bucks you don't mind spending. It could be a good time if you're with the right people.
'Where do we go?' 'Definitely not south beach, you have to dance in Kukaramakara, Spazio is way too small, and Baru is just awkward.' 'Fiiiine we'll go to blue martini.' I always fell like i'm settling for something when I go to this place. I bought the most expensive miller light ever bought here... I have proof! But don't let the overpriced alcohol full you, it won't deter people from going. But thats not a good thing, Brickell's not-so-spectacular bar selection is the reason why this place is so full all the time. I gave it one more star just because I get lucky there sometimes.
Even with free cover this place is totally crappy!  The bartender and rude and not the best looking? (Come on!  We are in Miami!!! -- And perhaps the 15% mandatory service charge kill any kind of motivation)  I can't believe this place is beaten by the Bellevue, Washington location.  The drink was so, so as well.  Not worth your time, and not worth the $20 cover if you chose to pay.
Blue Martini really surprised me last night. We went there as our first destination of a long night of bachelorette activities in Brickell and I can tell you that it was well worth it. Planning ahead, my friend reserved a table with the coordinator and for $39/person we received a complimentary bottle of Moet, 2 hours of open bar with premium alcohol, a fruit platter, and a large tomato & basil flatbread. The crowd at BM is always a toss up, but last night (Saturday) was pretty good. By 12, the place was full and everyone was dancing and having a great time. The live band was also great! I am hesitant to give BM 5 stars b/c of previous experiences that haven't been so pleasant and also b/c our waitress was not the friendliest person, but for the price, I really can't complain about our little party!
This is not the sort of place I'd usually find myself on a night out. But a friend wanted to check it out, and it was her birthday, so I put on my heels and checked it out. Pros: Nicely designed and decorated space, good appetizers, lots of eye candy (male and female). Cons: Waaayy over priced, snobbish staff, velvet rope shit, cover. First negative was the $10 cover. Later in the evening, I got a free ladies VIP card which will, in the future, enable me to skip the line and the cover with my girlfriends, assuming that I go there in the future. So, if you go, girls, scout out someone with a card. Nothing to be done about line and cover for the guys, sadly. The music was decent, about what you'd expect for a fussy Miami club full of barely twenty-somethings. Decent but nothing special. At some point, a jam band played covers of hip-hop club songs, which sounds awful but was actually pretty fun. The dance floor was jam packed pretty much from the moment the band got off stage to the moment I left around 2:30am. We got there around 11:00, which spared us waiting in line, but my friends who arrived around midnight had to wait. The wait staff was decent, but barely attentive -- like most wait staff in Miami, the general attitude was "I'm too good to be doing THIS." Our cocktail waitress did charge me for two ridiculous overpriced drinks instead of one, but I didn't have the time nor sobriety to argue with her over it. Overall, I had a good time, more for the company than the club.
When left alone, I decided to discover Brickell. And found Blue Martini sitting on the second floor of a quaint mall. The place is stunningly gorgeous inside with an art deco ambiance that's pretty lively with eclectic jazz playing overhead. Happy Hour was pretty dull (no people around). Heard the place picks up late night, especially Thursdays. They have a long speciality drink list with a short menu of finger foods. I ordered the signature Blue Martini. It was a mega-concoction that came with a fresh orchid. Far from your typical martini in looks and taste. Very tropical. Delightful too!
Price - The foremost criticism of blue martini, that it's overpriced, is extremely accurate. You'll drop some cash if you go to this place, even if you are just ordering beers. Add that to the cover, which routinely make was want to punch the owner in the throat, and you have a damn good reason not to go there. Crowd - Like every place, the crowd has some good and bad elements. The good parts are normally female, there are a good number fine looking younger women. There are also pretty hot cougars in the place. Not creepy old cougar, just a little older than most 20 somethings have been with before. More importantly they seem they seem to be comfortable with the idea that they are cougars which is definitely a plus. The bad element to the crowd is male. Just like south beach you get the guys who think they're hard. If in the course of this huge crowd you accidentally bump into one, they will likely push you and try and start a fight. This happened to my friend and it took three of us talking down the guy (and realizing he was severely outnumbered) before he strutted away. The scene - I'm not really a club guy, and this is definitely halfway between a club and a bar, maybe 2/3 the way to a club. I still dug on it though, the music is loud, but not south beach loud. Therefore if you get those of the opposite sex through humor and conversation, that's still possible. If your one of those that get the opposite sex through dance the floor is huge. Overall if it wasn't for the prices I'd be down, but the prices are just too extreme.
It was a girl's night out with my girlfriend and after a very well deserved happy hour at Rosa Mexicano we wanted to go upstairs to Blue Martini as the scene was good. We sat in the bar area where we immediately found an empty table. Great! Our server Cathy was very helpful. We both ordered a Blue Martini which was delicious. It was the night before Christmas Eve and the place was already kicking. A DJ was playing, the young professional crowd was out and the night was just beginning. I was great. We ordered their baked brie plate since we both hadn't had brie in a long time. To my surprise it came covered with honey and surrounded with fruit. OMG! Delish. The brie was crispy on the outside and warm. Perfection. Happy Hour is the place to be and Blue Martini has it! Great Job!!!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!! Totally got ripped off by some guy at the front. He told me and 4 friends we could get a table for $100, then we receive a bill for $240. We specifically asked for the $100 bottle, totally cheated us out of our money.
Half priced drinks and food at happy hour.  Happy hour ends at 7.  Great drinks, food sucked.  Awesome for people watching.   I'm shocked how fast this place filled up.  This place might be worth another look.
I need to give this place another try to get a full feel for the vibe. I went with my friend and her husband on a Weds night after happy hour and I was into hanging with my group and not into any scene. We ordered food and it was YUMMALICIOUS for bar food. Way more upscale and classy than the garbage awful mozerella sticks and nasty velveeta topped doritos being passed off as nachos like you see in other places. Get the flatbread pizza with BBQ chicken so good and the spinach dip is good too (not too salty). Not feeling the whole live band jazz music. Just not my thing. I can see how people could like a 55 year old woman belting out some chaka khan but again maybe cause it was a Wednesday and 10pm the vibe was a bit off. I so need to come for a happy hour but by the time I get off work, feed and walk my doggie then go from the beach to Brickell it's 8pm (IN NYC this is normal happy hour but in Miami not so much). The bartender at the back right bar was so hot I swear it hurt my eyes. And he was wearing Marc Jacobs Men cologne mmmm, man that smells good making me perfect soco and cranberry and such a gent giving me water in between. Heart is a melting. His sidekicks were two lovely ladies very tiny in these corsets WOW!! I'll go back but hopefully the music won't be as lame.
Great night out, fast bartenders, plenty of people, good music!
Have had a few decent times here years ago before the Sunset/Kendall brigades began marching in with their 20 dollar dresses/shirts and 10 dollar shoes.  Recently learned they'll be kicked out of their lease (good thing for Brickell) mid 2014.  The city is trying very hard to get rid of the "short skirt"/drunk guy vibe in the area prior to the opening of the Brickell CitiCentre. Bravo I say, a Bal Harbour vibe will make the area MUCH more money long term.  Really need to price out the "drunk driving" commuters coming into Brickell on the weekends for the very low end locations.  Irish bar is gone now next to Segafredo (joy!), Hoxtons etc closed down.  It's just not a neighborhood for these types of establishments any longer. Brickell needs to be so much more than a skyscraper drunk driving Kendall/Hialeah type area.  Luckily we'll have so much influx of intelligent/educated people that will happen sooner rather than later.  There are already a number of well-funded tech startups beginning to sprout up in Brickell.
I love Blue for happy hour and appetizer's.  The shrimp and crab dip is my favoirte and I've had some many Fly me to the Moon's that I may just take off one day.  I love the crowd and the music. Depending on which live band is there on Friday night you can expect to hear a great blend of music. I've celebrated my birthday and my hubby's birthday and some of our friend's have enjoyed it so much they too have jumped on the bandwagon and booked parties.
Great music, expensive alcohol and always full... as typical as Miami gets!
SOO many dudes for it being ladies night.  Im talking about a 5 to 1 ratio here.  After that fact, it was a pretty cool venue that had a great cover band with live music.  The bottles were 200 dollars each which was pretty good considering we had 9 people.  we all had a good time and would want to check this place out another time if I had the chance.  The venue itself is pretty cool with plenty of tables everywhere to sit and an outside bar.  With 3 different bars and areas to hang out, its no wonder everyone was drunk by the end of the night.
Happy hour on a Monday evening (because who doesn't like a little "Martini Mondays"?) was absolutely on par, although I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here.  The drink specials were nice and our server was on her toes the whole night.  Nothing stands out in my mind as being out-of-this-world-fantastic, it was a great place to catch up with friends and unload those Monday blues.
We had so much fun here. Went 2 nights in a row. Second night was unintentional but was dragged there when we walked by. Met lots of crazy guys but had loads of free drinks. My girls had fun. I did notice there wasn't enough girls there though. Everyone in Miami was super friendly. Oh and I found my new favorite drink, moscato martini. So good. Not so good was the gummi martini. Yuck!
Sugary, pricey martinis. Okay service. Fine to go with a group for happy hour- I would probably never consider going otherwise. The music is so LOUD and that's a big turnoff.
Perfect place for Friday Happy Hour. Live band. Hip after work crowd. Great Happy hour prices. Note: Watch out for the bathroom attendants, one of my least favorite things about this place. After 9/10 pm on a Friday the crowd turns a little younger and less tolerable.
It was a very Happy Hour indeed... Half price everything from their yummy martinis to beer to wine and even appetizers. Their Dirty Martinis need to be a little dirtier, but their pomegranate martini is delicious!  We ordered the flat bread (OK) and the Chicken Skewers (Indian Style and very tender) and their dips and I forgot what else because I was drunk after that. Nonetheless the food and drinks were pretty good but you will not be able to find a seat unless you stand beside a table and gawk for an hour.  Patio seems nice too but just too crowded.
Great bar worth stopping by
The bar was okay.  The cover band was great!  The dance hour was like any other downtown club - a little dirty, lots of near drunk people dancing, groping, and falling on one another.  We stayed for the band, which we loved, (they played 80's, 90's and then some), but then headed for the door once the lights lowered and the dancefloor started thumping.   Cover was $10 on a Saturday night. Drinks were typically Miami expensive $10+ The bartenders are dressed sexy. It was not very crowded early in the evening - many more people arrived at midnight. I might go back but probably not.  Maybe I am just getting old.
This place was just okay Friday night.  A local took us here because "it's a nice place where the locals hang out".  Decent place to grab a drink and chat, but nothing impressive.  One drink (~$10) and we were all bored, so we bounced over to Mango's Tropical Cafe (Yes we are tourists :P). PROS: - Located next to a bunch of restaurants, so ideal for grabbing an after-dinner drink. - Venue is nice and clean, was nice to have a balcony to escape all the suffocating cigarette/cigar smoke. CONS: - Smoke everywhere, indoors and out. - Cover band decent, nothing you could really dance to. Left around 11pm to go to Mango's.  Wish we could get our $10 cover back to spend elsewhere.
Not a club person and the Blue Martini is definitely a club.  But like many, I was bribed by a friend to go.  No desire to go back, but all-in-all it's not a bad place.  The reason for the stars.... - it was easy to get a drink (would have left otherwise) - knew what I was getting into when finally agreeing to go, so I won't bash the place - the waist level islands provide a place to stand/socialize - for the most part, others were tolerable and generally considerate - the latin style band that played up and behind the bar was high energy (not my music, but probably to much to expect a Foo Fighters or Black Keys cover band) The place was packed and the music was so loud you have to lean into and scream at the other person, so make sure to brush your teeth or grab a mint before going.
This place is lots of fun.  Good music, great drinks... awesome people.  And most importanly... hardly no tourists! It doesn't get good until about 1am... If you go at 10 (like most west coasters not used to the late miami nights) you'll hate it.  And hate me for sending you here. This place is definitely latino-centric although they do play pop and what not. Definitely a miami must...
It's just all right! Food was ok the drinks where decent and moderately priced even for happy hour. Yes the place is ok as a last resort  are there better places in the area I'm sure!! The service is however super super slow! It's just all right! Food was ok the drinks where decent and moderately priced even for happy hour. Yes the place is ok as a last resort  are there better places in the area I'm sure!! The service is however super super slow! Be prepared to wait.
I only visit this place during happy hour and I couldn't be happier! It's close to my work, they make good drinks, the price is right and a little background music makes it my fav!  Thanks Blue Martini!
Blue Martini was the first place I began going out to when I first moved to Brickell, and unfortunately I don't make it there too often anymore. The staff is still great, the drinks are still fabulous, but the crowd has gotten way too hit or miss- it's either awesome, or it's weirdos and old (old) people. I don't really know how they can fix that, but I miss the days when you KNEW Blue Martini was a reliable spot for the night.
Do NOT go there! The music sucks and there are much better happy hours in town, plus the food sucks! How do you mess up a pizza?!? The staff is ok but the manager was the worst, what a huge dirt bag. We have never been treated so badly before. You would think if they are trying to sell a "High-end establishment"  they would think of hiring a manager with at least a little bit of class or social skills. We have never had a problem with any establishment! Not to mention a few of us are in the biz, so we know when someone is just trying to take advantage of us.
Was not impressed at all. To me this place is for snobby, arrogant pretentious c@#& suckers. 18 percent gratuity for mediocre service? Come on now. I just didn't see what the fuzz is all about.
Review for happy hour only: Came here with the roomie for happy hour on a Saturday.  Even walking in early between 4-5pm they have the music blasting. The Memorial Day weekend theme was candy/sweets so they had big cakes and candies decor everywhere.  I have to say it was a bit kitschy.   What I did like was that they have "skinny" versions of drinks.  We both ordered the skinny margarita and it was yummy, didn't taste like a diet drink.  And they put a pretty little orchid in it as a garnish which made my day.  =) We also ordered a flat bread pizza for ~$5 which I thought was a really good deal. It's a little forced for me to have an early evening/late afternoon happy hour in really dim lighting with club music playing even in the open air patio but I still enjoyed myself and wouldn't mind going back.
Karaoke here is sick.  I can't wait to come back
This place has a really good live band. They play 70's funk music and top 40. I enjoy the crowd which consist of young professionals and people of mature age. It's a great place to have a drink and listen to music. I don't recall a real dance area. My dancing was next to my table.
This review only gets the four stars because of our bartender.. My husband and I came after dinner one night. We ordered $60 worth of drinks when my hubs decided he needed some fresh air (smoking is allowed and he has asthma). I waited inside the bar while he took a stroll around the area. When he attempted to get back in, they told him he wasn't in dress code and he couldn't go in. He then texted me and I began to attempt to pay the bill and apologize for our un-eaten bar food. Our bartender, Jessica, asked why I was leaving so abruptly. I explained why and she then vouched for my husband to come back in the door. After Jessica explained that my husband had been here for hours, the bouncer allowed him back at the bar. Seriously?! Thank you, Jessica!!
Oh boy, how do I even start... I went there last night, and it was a major disaster! The bartender was extremely rude. I ordered the chocolate martini, but when she made the drink, it came up half full in the martini glass, and tried to tell me a half-empty martini glass was "a perfect pour" lol what a bad joke. Then when I said it wasn't, she just grabbed the grey goose vodka and started pouring in my martini glass, unfortunately a lot of that goose landed on my hand. The truth was, I wasn't complaining about the drink being weak, I was only pointing out at the fact that the glass was half empty. I have never experienced a worse service in my life.
.
oh hoe hoe Blue Martini...you are special indeed... I was just reminded of this place after reading the new thread "top 5 people you hate" and jen r. listed the "come mierdas aka tools aka papi chulos aka guys with popped collar or unbuttoned shirts aka typical Miami douche bags".....well, guess where they ALL hang out? I've only been to Blue Martini a couple of times, and both of them I was inebriated from a previous location and dragged there against my will. That's about the only time anyone in their right mind will be capable of standing this place for longer than 10 minutes. Woah! The service is horrible, probably because they have casting calls, yeah they're hot...but no drink should take more than 20 minutes to make!! (I watched her in front of me as I strongly resisted the urge of hopping over the bar and doing it myself) The music is absolutely awful, but no worries...you wont have the time to truly pay attention to it because you'll be too busy physically fighting these "bros" off of you. I read in one of the reviews that the %50 off happy hour is nice for when you feel like paying regular prices....true story... their staple drink, the Blue Martini ( I don't know what part of that drink is a Martini...but okay) is 23 bucks!! my god, so not worth it...it's so sugary and nasty you'll wake up feeling like a freight train hit you in the back of your head. If you are going to venture into this place I only have two words for you: Good Luck.
Blue Martini is a definite pass in my book.  Service being the reason, there are plenty of bars in the Brickell area which you can receive better service.  The food is very poor in taste and freshness, and my tangueray and tonic was really sour.  As for the crowd that does fill this place up quickly I bet they rely more on themselves to entertain themselves rather then anything the establishment could offer.  I spent 20 minutes waiting for the bill, I spoke with the manager and received a 50% discount on the bill, but I will not return to Blue Martini, I much prefer my metromover accessible Mike's @ The Venetian.
A few years ago, Blue Martini signed a contract with Zoo Miami allowing their excess cougars free reign to hang out. It seems that over the years this agreement has yet to change. Blue Martini consistently looks like a casting call for Desperate Housewives and Sex and the City. I don't frequent this place much. I can honestly say the words "hey, I know, let's go to Blue Martini!" have never left my mouth. It just feels too "chainy" for me. It's like the Chili's of lounges. There's one in Kendall, that's the easiest way for me to explain it. But anyway, it's by no means terrible. If you like martinis then you'll probably be a fan of their flagship drink offerings. I, for one, am not really a fan of martinis because they're just sugar + a color + alcohol. It's like Kool-Aid for non-black adults. That's a hangover recipe, plus if I'm going to be consuming the shit out of all those calories in just one martini I'd rather be eating six Twix bars and sipping on gin for my booze fix. Zeus damn that sounds delicious right now. I wonder how long I can work like Don Draper before my performance slips enough for my boss to can me and probably press charges for putting my balls on the scanner. I can fit about half a liter of Tanqueray in my water bottle. I Googled "how much alcohol can a 6'3, 27-year-old male weighing 184 lbs consume before death tickles his prostate?" Results were inconclusive. I decided to write about Blue Martini because I was there a while ago on a Tuesday night. Why was I there on a Tuesday night? Great question, me pretending to be the reader. My little sister, which happens to be a fully-grown adult with car payments and shit so I should start calling her "younger sister", has a singing voice comparable to the Sirens at Anthemoessa of Greek mythology. No, she won't fuck your shit up, I'm just saying her voice is that good. It turns out they were having some karaoke-off where you could win $200 if you were the least-shitty singer. I think they do it every Tuesday. Anyway, just for singing you get a free drink. I was tempted to give it a go, but then I remembered when I sing I sound like a homeless man having Vietnam flashbacks. Long story short, I ended up leaving early, because it was 12:20 AM and I have a fucking career. But my little sister stayed. She came up as the runner-up and won $100 gift certificate to Blue Martini, which is like winning a $20 gift certificate to any other thing. I asked why the fuck she didn't win, and I was completely ready to call immigration on all their employees, but she explained what happened. They had to sing a song first, and she showcased her awesomeness with an Alicia Keys track which let her do all those black girl "woo woo wooooo" sounds. Then the finalists had to sing another song, but looking through it, their song selection sucks. She pointed this out to the band's singer (oh, right, they had a live band play the songs) and told them their selection blows, and he threatened to kick her off stage. Who could argue their playlist containing Bel Biv Devoe's "Poison" or anything by LMFAO? The first place winner was some fucker that sang Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit", which I guess was fitting since he looked a little like Kurt Cobain after he shot himself. Motherfucker. Gimmicky crap like this will get me to Blue Martini, and maybe that's their goal. To get Orlando Winters to sip a skinny bitch while half-asleep. PEOPLE WHO WOULD ENJOY IT: Any woman who claims to be in her 20s. PEOPLE WHO WOULD NOT ENJOY IT: The opposite of that.
Great food! Great martinis! Service leaves something to be desired. I felt like I was disturbing the waitress everytime she brought us something.
You couldn't get me fast enough out of here.  Horrible looking people, 10 guys to a girl and ridiculously overpriced drinks.  The decor makes you feel like you are in Epcot Center, very cheesy.  This place feels like coco-walk revisited... Ugh!!!
Its a great place if you are looking to meet single people and that's that. No drink is worth the price and the crowed room is just nuts! But after a few over priced drink it could be a blast! Go with low expectations and you won't be disappointed
As this bar/club has been my favorite for a long time now I give it 5 stars. One of the complaints I hear from people are the drink prices but if you didn't know blue martini has some really great specials. Half price drinks and food for happy hour and every night of the week they have additional specials so check out there site. Friday and Saturday nights are my favorite but it gets a good crowd Wednesdays and Thursdays as well. Also if you get there before 8 pm no cover and great live music. Later on they get the dj going and the dance floor explodes with fun! There's even a small stage you can dance on if you are looking for a little more excitement. :-)
I actually enjoy coming to Blue Martini, but I'm a young girl so its easy to get free drinks from all the creepers that hang out there. Waiting in line is tedious and then you pay a cover just to get in I hate that! Brickell is not South Beach & we don't go to South Beach FOR A REASON! So after waiting in line & paying a cover you get inside and its not even crowded (most of the time). I would recommend this as a last stop in your night or as a happy hour beginner spot but not a spot to spend your whole night as you do not get hooked up unless you know the bartender and drinks are QUITE priceyyyyyyy. You also have to bring the group you want to hang out with because you aren't likely to meet cool chill people there.
Personally, I am not a fan of this place. I find it ostentatious, sleezy, and overpriced. The ambiance is similar to the swanky SoBe places where you go there to see and be seen. I'd rather stick my low key places. The only good thing is the music and the location. Other than that, I don't have much else to add.
I would of like to made it for happy hour but i never did, i was here later that night with my best friend .Although i've been here a few times before, it's the typical night club scene. The music wasn't too bad, but the drinks are a bit over priced .  I dont mind too. I just wanted to have a fun night.....They have a great outdoor bar which i kinda liked, but i had a fun time hanging out with my gfriend . I  will  go back to check out the happy hour and more : ).See you soon : ). I've had and will continue to have fun time at this location ..I would like to  visit their location in Ft lauderdale ...: ) sometime in the near future you rock .
I think the only thing that can be said about this ultra lounge in brickell is that it is way out of control. You can hear the music from the bar at Rosa Mexican downstairs! It's just that rowdy... Definately a great addition to the area.
Have been twice on saturday nights and also for happy hour.  The happy hour deal is terrific and although we did not order food --it did look good at the tables beside us. Yes, the drinks on Saturday night are expensive but give me a break--Sushi Siam charges $12.00 for a drink as do most other places on Brickell.  I paid $16.00 for a martini at River Oyster Bar last night and they have NO ambiance at all.     Blue Martini is not  the place I would want to be if I was in my 20's and between the cover, the drink prices and dress code I hope that keeps the group to a more mature crowd.  I have only been at night when there is a band and it was great.   BTW---I lost a ring there a few weeks ago and the assistant manager was very nice and took my number in case the cleaning crew found it.  I left her with reward $$$ for the ring which had no monetary value but was sentimental to me.  The assistant manager called me this week to return my reward $$.   I will definitely go back when I am in the mood for good music and a great martini.
It is appalling that you have to pay a cover to go into a place like Blue Martini @ Brickell. It is not worthy. The cover band (though talented) played terrible cover songs. The crowd is very unhip and unfriendly. Eyecandy is VERY lacking, including server staff.  Drinks are small, expensive, and unoriginal. An older crowd hangs out here. But older is not necessarily bad, but here it definitely is. If you're keen on Blue Martini, try Fort Lauderdale location: light years better. Otherwise, trust someone who gets around, look elsewhere and do not waste your time and money.
Great music, fun crowd.
Consistently a great happy hour with live music throughout the week and always a plan A, B or C spot in Brickell.
I was in town for a week or so and wanted to go out with friends and this place was suggested to me by a lot of people. Wednesday was Ladies Night and was supposedly 1/2 off drinks. NOT THE CASE AT ALL. It was only 1/2 off of one drink when I was ordering 3 for a group of us. What kind of deal is that? False advertisement. Plus I stood at the bar for a good 10-15 minutes waiting to be helped when the 2 bartenders just talked to each other and knew I was waiting to be helped....there was no one else around and nothing for them to do. I was not impressed by the bartenders at all. Obviously it is overpriced and they are paid to stand there and look like hookers. I was however impressed by the music. A++ on that one. So I would recommend Blue Martini if you like to dance to great music, but get drunk somewhere else before you come here to dance! :)
Very mediocre. Not the biggest fan of the crowd that ends up coming here however if you go with friends it's likely to be a shit show and you're going to have a good time
The establishment is a nice place to go after hours and have some drinks and dance. Most people that are there are dressed appropriately, theres no hoodlums or little kids. I had a really good time the few times that I've been to Blue Martini. The only downside is the drinks tend to get pretty pricey. I don't remember the exact amount but a couple of Black Labels ran me upwards to $40. Thats pretty up there even by Miami standards. Oh well...I've still had good times there and I will still go back regardless of the pricey drinks.
Depends on the timing I have been there on several occasions for happy hour. The service is ok, but best of all are the happy hour specials 50% off drinks and appetizers.. I have never really had the food besides a pizza. It reminds me alot of martini bar in Sunset Place same lay out and all!
Loved the music!- visting from Austin, TX- wanted to go and chill where the "locals" hungout- great choice!- The Blue Martini drink was strong! but very good!-
A great place for happy hour in Miami. Everything half price from 4-8pm. The live band is great too.
This is the kind of place I love to go to but I hate to admit it.  Great drink prices and food items during happy hour (which lasts until 8:00pm) but the crowd is ehh!  Lot's of suits and short skirts during HH and then the juice heads and chongas come out at night.  If you ignore the people and how crowded it gets and find yourself a small corner, you'll enjoy the place...the music is great for dancing but watch your wallet after HH because it gets pricey.
I used to go EVERY Wednesday. But now I go here and there and it's always fun, great live music and great DJs after 12. And their drinks=PERFECTION mostly when they are half off on ladies night lol. :P
Not sure i would go back or recommend to anyone. Nothing stellar about this place. Prices are not reasonable at all.
Overhyped and overcrowed are the best descriptions I can give this establishment. The service wasn't bad at all a little pricey though but your in Brickell after all. Not a horrible expirience but def. a one time deal...
Well, the drinks here are overpriced, as is the cover. But the live band on a Saturday night was groovin' and got us dancing. Btw, they need to allocate more space for dancing. Order a blue drink from the corseted bartender, and go with the Miami vibe.
Nice one Night Stand! Blame it on the dam Blue Martini, with the glow stick in it!
This is by far my favorite Happy Hour place currently in all of Miami.  The drinks are always good and not weak at all. Maybe I am a light weight but after 2 drinks I feeling pretty good.  The best part is that from 4-7 the drinks and food are all half off, which makes it very reasonable.  The crowd is great, this place gets packed so get there early so you can get a table.  Oh and there is also a live band later on around 8.  Enjoy
The reason for the 4 stars is because I always have a good time there.  Don't listen to Paula E, even though we are dearest of friends, she just doesn't like that scene, would rather be surrounded by smelly hipsters at transit lounge, which is fine...if that's what you like.  If you like looking at hot girls in dim lighting who are there for the same reason you are, then you'll love blue martini.  Drinks are a little pricey, unless you know a bartender and can get them to hook it up.  Or your like my friends and I who have the Blue Martini card and get in free with discounted drinks.  There's a reason why i keep going back...and it's not because i love to drink blue martinis.
During my most recent visit, I was disappointed. A few friends and I were celebrating a friend's birthday. Upon arrival, I showed my VIP card in order to avoid paying cover. The hostess almost charged my friends, but I showed her the fine print on the card. She let us in. Disclaimer: The server we had later told us that the cards would soon be invalid. The place was packed, but we were fortunate enough to acquire a small table at the back in the outside area. The service declined throughout the night. At first, our server was attentive but by the end of the night, she was barely paying attention. She was busy having fun with her friends who were standing next to our table. At least twice, the drinks she brought back to the table were wrong. However, she would realize it on her own after about a minute each time and would rectify her mistakes. On a positive note, she got the birthday girl a complimentary shot. Upon reviewing the check, I realized she was charging us for an extra drink. After telling her, I thought there were no longer any worries. We paid and were on our way. Little did I know that it was not as I had hoped. Further scrutiny led me to realize that she still overcharged us. And to top it all off, she never returned the credit card used to open the tab.
Blue Martini Brickell  -  Ugh, terrible!  I went 3 times already without success. I left every single time before 1 am  (I got there around 12:15). The ambiance is not good,the  place is extremely packed and a little stinky, I'm only 6.7 feet tall and I'm not sure if is only me but everytime I feel like I'm way taller than most guys in this place (maybe  bad luck)... There is not really a dress code, doesn't matter what you wear, you are in and I'm not kidding I have seen some crazy outfits and people there... 1 star for location.
I have been here many times in the past, I love this night club but the only thing is that they need a bigger building, because when it gets crowdy there is no space to even walk...!!!
Went on a Wednesday night when ladies get half price drinks.  We did not have to pay a cover charge, but supposedly the first drink was free. The bartender said she didn't know anything about this. We then went to sit at a table and the waitress of that table told us we couldn't sit there if we were not ordering cocktails...so we went to order an appetizer and Their menu is smaller than the blue martini in west palm beach and orlando as they did not have several of the items. Thus, we ordered spinach dip with triangular bread. The bread was ridiculously hard.  In the meantime, we had moved to another table where the waitress never said that and was friendly. The Valerie Tyson band was playing but I was very disappointed in how little they played.  They were great though, as was the dj. Great dancing music and the dance floor was packed. I was there from about 10:30 till 1:30. So music and band 4 stars  Drinks overpriced and that one mean waitress 2 stars thus I give it  three :-)
I AM A FAN! well kinda anyway -If for no other reason- The hours and the hours which you can get food while dancing and drinking is priceless and I think they make pretty good drinks in a decent size glass. I can hip 3 places and still land there (late) and find it open and still happening. Their only opportunity is service they need to do a better job with service its kind of slow and sometimes they seem to forget that you may want something additional.
Headed here on a Wednesday for Ladies Night - half off drinks!  Well, I didn't really see a discount, but then again, I'm used to Seattle prices of drinks and Miami can be double that.  Just missed the band, but the highlight of the evening there was Nick Cannon spinning!  He was in town for the Superbowl that weekend.  It was crowded, but the vibe was cool.
This place is okay, definitely for the older crowd. The upside is the crowd and music is live even till late. It's a good place as a last minute resort.
Arrived on a Friday night with friends, had a private catered section selected for us. 2 bottle minimum requirement. Bottles vary in prices of course, we had Crown Royal (350.00) and Grey Goose (400.00) for a group of 10 people. 2 mixers each bottle. Lively crowd, no cover charge for the ladies, 10.00 for the men. Lots of young people, but mixed ages just he same. Dance floor was super crowded and bathrooms are full all the time with chicas, doing their hair in the mirrors, right in front of the sinks to wash hands, that arent considerate of those wanting wash the hands! So annoying. The bathroom maiden of course didnt shoo them away, come'on mama, do your job will ya? Had a good time! But the DJ that night would start playing old stuff from the 80s in between the live entertainment that would kill the mood for the night after midnight. Wanted to leave from the bad music selection at times. Have to say the girl servicing us was helpful and asked often if we needed anything with our party group. Nothing special, but had a good time here just the same. Live music was mediocre. Very crowded. Did not eat here.
This was my first "going out" experience in Miami and I was not disappointed! Obviously their blue martini was fabulous, but besides their signature drink I found their ambience, service and wait time pretty nice. I believe we visited based on a recommendation and I am glad we went. However it did end up getting dull after awhile and it got crowded to the point where it just got to be too much and we decided to go somewhere else. If I had to compare it to a SJ location I would say its a mix between Pearl and Voodoo... if you can imagine that.
Was here last night the ladies are great, Z made me 2 wonderful martini's the T [iced-T] and Bloosom met a lot of the staff and many locals the one thing I did not like was all the cig/cigar smoke however the atmosphere is fun!
So I came here again to meet some people for happy hour.  The happy hour is pretty good price wise.  I didn't even know they had a happy hour so I'm glad I found out.  The place was on the empty side with the few patrons being business people in suits.  Our bartender (JOJO) was really nice, attentive, made the drinks strong, and got our tab to us ASAP.  I HATE waiting forever to pay a bill so this made me very happy.
Nice location, lots of variety in drink selection.  A little pricey, but nice none the less.  Would probably go back
Good live bands. But chessy and smoky crowd...
Talk about the WORST service I have ever received at a bar. The bartender refused to take items off the bill that I did not order. I called the manager over and it took her 15 minutes to get him. When I told him that the items were not mine, he was not helpful at all rolled his eyes and then took them off. I then asked for my corrected bill and she had ADDED 20% gratuity to her. She didn't deserve a penny. Again, asked to speak to the manager and he came back (took 25 minutes again) as the bartender spoke to another bartender about how difficult I was being. I decided to leave and do what I could to scratch off the amount and right the total without gratuity and notified my bank not to charge the other amount (which they didn't). I wrote a letter to the head manager and she was very apologetic gave me free coupons which I still have because I refuse to go to a place to get treated like that.
Avoid this place if at all possible, bar tenders don't know how to make the rounds, drinks are expensive (remember they are force tipping 18% on them too) patrons tend to be older and/or unfriendly.  There are many better places very close by to have a much better time.
You'll find me here somewhere during any given weekend. Great party atmosphere - food is decent and drinks are a bit overpriced but a great place Downtown with a SoBe feel.
Good music, good food, great drinks.
Stopped in for Happy Hour with a friend on our way to an art exhibit. I'm all for a bargain combined with good drinks and good food. This place hit it square on the head. Drinks and appetizers are half off during Happy Hour...SCORE! Enjoyed 4 Blue Martinis, portobello mushrooms and beef flat bread, and spinach and artichoke dip for $38...pretty damned decent. Atmosphere was laid back and comfortable although I hear weekends can get wild but for an after work spot on a Wednesday evening just to take a load off...can't beat it. Enjoy!
Love Blue Martini in Brickell for Friday Happy Hour...the drinks and appetizers are half off, and actually reasonable. If you can try to get a Ladies VIP card, it gets you a free drink everytime you go! It's also the only place you can start dancing before 11pm in Miami...I love it!!
This is a great place to go especially for happy hour.  The drinks are fabulous and reasonable and the people are friendly. The food is also half price during happy hours from 4 til 8.  If you stay until after eight they have live bands and the ones that I have seen have been really good.  A great place to go especially after work.
Great bottle service
Lively spot for weekend live music and entertainment. Eclectic mix of people ages 20s - 50s.
Always a great time and great music
I went with  a friend as part of a group will not return.  On a Sat nite a featured boy band was playing some real lame mainstream music, drinks are $$$ place was hot (temperature) and crowded. The 2 stars are cause the $10 cover charge was waived and we got smiles upon entering the club.
This place is okay. Drinks aren't to expensive and the bar tending staff is always friendly. They usually have good DJ's spinning sometimes even the same Dj's you would find at other well known clubs in Miami. The only problem I find with this place is that they try to run it like a club on certain nights. A $ 10 dollar cover charge if your not on a list having to wait in line to get in, that part makes no sense to me for it being Blue Martini.
I just moved to the Brickell area and was told I HAD to go to Blue Martini. This place seems to always be busy so I stopped by for a drink with some girlfriends.  Drinks and food were reasonably priced.  Not a big fan of the music or crowd however.  Can't say I'll become a regular at this place.
I decided to write a review after reading the surprisingly negative comments about Blue Martini. I went with a group on friends last night (Friday) and really enjoyed the live band and eclectic crowd. Yes, there was a $10 cover but as Ladies we got that waved, and honestly, I don't think it's ridiculous to charge when the place is providing entertainment. Sort of the norm for me. The drinks were pricey at $14-16, but to the bartender's credit they are strong and shakers fill 2 glasses. So, I don't find the prices to be extraordinary by any means. The place isn't exactly chic or trendy, but it's a fun time in a great location with a nice variety of people. Worth a visit!
I've only gone on the weekends and it's always been a good crowd.  Usually diverse and somewhat young.  If you want something more than lounge but less than a club, then this particular Blue is good versus the one in say, Fort Lauderdale.
Love this place, despite the extravagant prices! I'll definitely be coming back, albeit drunk.
Best place in Brickell for music...
they have a happy hour with 50% off all drinks and food.....  so you only pay as much as you would pay in a regular bar by the time you're done! no seriously, i do appreciate the $4 heini and the cheap food (that i wouldn't want to pay full price for anyway).  but is it worth it?? is it???
always have fun here.  good looking people and good drinks.
fun fun fun ...  loud  loud  loud.... but fun  again  dance dance  lol  is  a good  place  to go with a friends, lovers   o a coworker   hmm
I've been to the Blue Martini in Tampa, which is a four star with great bands, good food, excellent service, fun people, and good dancing.  Ummm, the one in Brickell, however, is exactly like the bar in Star Wars.  I've read the other reviews about "meat market," etc.  All I can say is that there must have been a temporal rift when they walked in because none of the stuff they wrote is accurate.  There's no dress code.  There's no haughty people.  Blue Martini is straight up ghetto vis-a-vis the patrons and the staff.  My night consisted of dodging alpha male wannabes and fat chicks rubbing up against me.  Oops, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit writing that as it caused a minor flash back.  People were poorly dressed.  Several women looked like street walking hookers.  Lots of people in old jeans--you know the kind you wear when washing the car, cleaning the pool.  Anyway, you'll love the way the floor and the bar counters stick to ya.  Enjoy.  Oh and the music is really bad; the volume is so high that all night long there was microphone feedback.  It was total amateur hour.  Bring cash as the bartender may try to keep your drivers license with your credit card since they have so many posers walking out on their tab with stolen credit cards.  Like I said--the bar in Star Wars.  Ghetto.
spacious and aesthetically pleasing bar areas abound for inside and outside views.  the crowd is mixed and music follows suit.  drink selection is pretty vast and the prices are reasonable.  look for the random dude outside with the free bands to avoid the lines and the cover charge.  you can even smoke cigars in here.  this place is good for crowds or a spot for your out of town guests.  private dinner seating is available too for those celebratory moments or a little intimacy. check it out for your self!
this place was fun. the best was the live band they had performing an eclectic mix of top hits in english, spanish, and even portuguese (if i remember correctly). the crowd was diverse, like miami itself.
located upstairs this is an ok location. not a huge fan...
I was staying at the Viceroy Miami and Club 50 was pretty dead so we took a cab ( its just 6 blocks away ) but it was happening. We got to this place around 11:30 and it was full with no cover. Drink prices in Miami are all high so nothing to talk about. If you are going out in Miami don't write bad reviews based on prices lol. It was fun for a downtown Miami place.
was there last night.. Great Happy Hour! although they arent to familiar with NY drinks.. but the hunky hottie brazilian bartender made me feel extra special.. RED DEVIL ROCKS!
Sure, good happy hour prices on food and drinks.  But with gratuity AUTOMATICALLY included, where's the incentive for your waitress to provide good service.  Exactly - there isn't any.  As a result, it could take 30 minutes just to close your tab!   You've been warned....
I'm a huge fan of the happy hour.  Great food, amazing drinks, at nearly half the price.  Will come back here again :)
I have been to Blue Martini lounges on more than one occasion, and while my experience hasn't always been the most pleasant, never have I felt compelled to take action until now.  A group of friends and I decided to stop into the Brickell location on a Friday night while celebrating a friend's birthday.  Eleven of us arrived at the door at approximately 11:30 PM.  We were treated in an abrasive manner from the start, with the doorman separating couples and giving an overall attitude to everyone he spoke with.  This was really unnecessary as all of us were dressed more than appropriately and were not rude in any way to the door staff.   Despite this treatment, we decided to carry on with the night and walked in.  After looking at the drink menu and talking with a friend in the group, we walked to bar to order a bottle of champagne which had a list price of $120.  After waiting several minutes for service, the bartender finally arrived and I told him I wanted to order a bottle of champagne from the drink menu.  I pointed to the $120 bottle, the second champagne on the list, and said "I would like this one."   He nodded his head and asked for my credit card, which I provided.   He asked how many glasses I wanted and then walked away. After waiting almost ten minutes, another bartender arrived with a bottle of champagne and put it in a bucket of ice.  The first bartender opened the bottle and began pouring glasses.  When all the glasses were full, he brought me a credit card receipt totaling $649 and walked away.  I motioned for him to come back and asked him why I was being charged $649 for champagne that should have cost about $150 with tax and a 20% tip.  He replied that I had not ordered the $120 bottle, rather, that I had asked for "PJ Rose" which was the first champagne on the menu with a list price of $550.  I explained to the bartender that I did not even say "PJ Rose" as I had clearly pointed to the $120 bottle on the menu and said I wanted "this one."  My friend concurred as he had witnessed me pointing to the $120 bottle.  The bartender continued on, insisting I had asked for "PJ Rose."  I informed him that I have never referred to Perrier Jouet as "PJ" in my life and would like to speak to a manager.   Within a few minutes, a "manager" arrived and before I could even speak he told me that his bartender stated I had ordered "PJ Rose."  I explained to the manager once again that I had not said that, and had, in fact pointed to the Perrier Jouet Balon Rose on the menu.  The manager replied that they don't serve that champagne, to which I responded "then why is it on your menu?"  He did not have an answer.  I continued to press that I had not ordered the more expensive bottle and was willing to pay for what I ordered, the $120 bottle plus tax and tip.  The manager responded "you opened it, and you are not leaving until it is paid."  I explained that his bartender opened it before I even got the check, but the manager continued on that I was not leaving until the receipt was signed and the bottle was paid.  As there were several police officers on site, I felt I had no choice but to sign.  I told the manager that I would be disputing the charge with my bank, but as I am sure he was aware, it is quite difficult to dispute a charge with a signed receipt.   This seems to be an instance of a clear bait and switch, and the out and out fraud I experienced at this location has cost me $500, not to mention a ruined birthday for a good friend.  I am disputing this charge with my bank and will never patronize any Blue Martini location ever again, nor will any of the other ten people that were with me that night.
Great service. The food is good and the drinks are amazing, great looking women what more do you need?
This place is pretty nice. It is normally packed and open late. It's basically just a meat market though, so if that's what you're looking for, then head on over. Drink prices are steep, so your bill goes north very quickly. One thing about the bill though, pay cash. The first time I went there, my buddy paid for the drinks, never uses the card, and it was cloned. Went last Saturday with a buddy, used a seldom-used card, and now mine has been cloned too. I can't say it's management's fault, but someone there is taking care of business...
On Saturday June 22, 2013, I and 8 of my friends attended your Brickell Blue Martini establishment for my friend, Ms. Lynise White's birthday celebration. We had a great evening and our server Chrissy was very nice; however, our wonderful celebration took a turn for the worst once we received our bill. We noticed that we had been over charged; therefore, we immediately informed the manager, Eddie Vidal. Prior to our arrival, Ms. White was sent an email which allowed our party a complimentary VIP table and a free bottle of vodka; however, our bill did not reflect this special. Due to the loud music, Mr. Vidal relocated us outside onto the patio area so we could clear up the matter (which took approximately 30 minutes to resolve).  Although it seemed as though it took endlessly to resolve, we were very patient, polite, and excited about going to our next party location.  During this process, one of our male friends MISTAKENLY stepped on Mr. Vidal's foot, and shortly after this occurred, everyone in the group except two females, were escorted off of the property by 5 or 6 City of Miami Police officers. We would like to know why? When we asked the police why we were being pushed off of the property, they replied that they were just doing their jobs. We need answers NOW. Why was Mr. Vidal was so intimated by us that he would call law enforcement, when we were clearly waiting patiently for him to get our bill right, in which I believe he was unqualified and incompetent to do. Was this a discriminative act towards because we are African Americans and most the customers that night were Caucasian and Latin?  Did he somehow feel threatened by our calm and collected behavior? We are very confused about why we were treated this way at such an establishment? We feel this situation was propelled out of portion and although we were humiliated in front of other customers entering the lounge, we continued to keep our composure, integrity and obeyed the police officer's instructions.
so there is an app called tello for iphone.  it basicly rates customer service.  i went there 2 weeks ago and rated them.  told them who i was and gave them the opertunity to change there customer service, but they chose to keep the service the same.  2 weeks later i come back and even b4 i get into the club they say i cant come in.  wow.  ok, obviously they are angry for what i wrote, but no need to keep me out.  at least take the opportunityto transform my experience there.  i asked for the manager, they refuse to get him/her.  my friend offered 50 $ but they said no.  they left for a moment, yes i was wrong, i probably shouldnt have just walked in  but i did.  30 seconds later, a guy grabbed my arm and twisted it behind my back.  im not a fighter, im a lover.  a nerd with glasses, just an opportunity  for the aggressive man to fuck with someone.  why not me right?  my arm still herts.  even after i was out of the club, this man kept f** with me. i didnt know the escalader was part of their property. Brickell is a great place to come to. i promise the 'owner' will hear from me especially b/c this not only effects me, but many people that will be attending during the South Beach Wine and Food Festival.  msg me for consulting for your own buisness.  (sorry for spelling. not a great speller, but a great consultant.)
This is a horribly dishonest establishment.  My reasoning for leaving such a comment is based upson the lack of professional staff (manager included).  The drinks come with a premium price and the money is not an issue...especially since I'm on vacation.  However, when the bill comes and the gratutity has been added AND the bottom of the receipt says, "*gratuity not included*".  We asked that the gratuity be removed from the bill and the waitress took the bill back and RAN THE BILL THOUGH WITH THE GRATUITY ON IT!!!!  This became the begining of a nightmare.  They then ran ANOTHER ticket though again that doubled the bill!  Then, I asked for the cancelled transaction to make sure that the previous charge was credited back to my card....guess what.......of course, the could not provide me the copy.  I'm not worried about my money because I'll take care of this with American Express.  However, CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!!  *******This is one of many complaints on this website reported against this establishment.********
Loved this place. Hot, sexy, great music and drinks. They just need a bigger dance floor. The signature drink (Blue Martini) packs a punch so be warned! The crowd can get a bit tight and pushy, but you're at a dance club, it happens. If there weren't so many options in Miami we would go back.
This place is ok. Since I work right on Brickell, I usually come during happy hour. There are a lot of professionals that gather here. But, if you're looking to have great conversation, it may be hard to do that over the loud music. The drinks are expensive...but there's a good amount of alcohol in them. I'm not a fan of the food. I've never visited blue martini outside of happy hour times. And, I'd love to be there for the live band. Hopefully, I will soon.
Disappointed!!! Blue Martini is the perfect place to come to if you plan on sitting on an empty stomach for an hour after ordering your appetizers. We ordered the shrimp and crab dip, baked brie, and the pepperoni flatbread. Shrimp and crab dip came out about an hour after ordering. We then had to wait another 30 mins or so to get the baked brie. And then another 10 to get the flatbread. Seriously??? Oh and to get our check, we waited about 20 mins only to find our check sitting at the bar the whole time. The 1 star is for the live band and the shrimp and crab dip which was pretty good but sorry...  not good enough to raise my rating. Terrible customer service! I highly recommend not coming here.
Great happy hour prices, with strong cocktails. You have the option to sit inside or outside (with the smokers). Bartenders are fairly friendly, although it may take them a while to come to you.. I would only come for their happy hours.. During the weekends and late nights, they start charging you cover or won't let you in if you're not dressed appropriately.
They are awful.. I went to this club a few months ago and got treated like garbage.. I went tonight and still got treated horribly..The management is not nice especially the guy at the bar named Paul.. I am calling corporate tomorrow.. They were not helpful when I told them that one of their managers was rude to me.. They are assholes.. Don't waste your time or money here.. I've lived here 18 years and have never seen such bad service.. I left that bar crying cause they were so rude to me.. I suggest spending your money elsewhere.. Where people are civilized and kind..
After several visits I have finally decided to review this place.  In the beginning when they first opened, I did not care for this place at all.  Anytime someone mentioned coming here I was like no way. Times have changed I see. Is it still a bit douche, yes!  Pick up joint, with elderly men wanting to pick up ladies that could be their daughters, Yep. Interesting place to say the least.  We came here with a small group a few weeks ago.  The big bouncers at the front door were doing their carding but it was an easy entrance. This particular evening they had a live band and wow these guys were great! Quite impressed with the stage and performance and patrons were dancing away including our group.  The age group was anywhere from young 20 year olds to 30's, 40's, 50's and yes even 60's and 70 year olds.  Very diverse and most were just trying to have a good time. Our server was slow, somewhat rude, and even the bartenders did not seem very friendly.  Drink prices are on the higher side.  Our group had a lovely evening dancing, drinking and mingling.  If you enjoy people watching, this place is perfect.  People are from all walks of life here. I was glad I gave it another shot as the band was so good, it almost makes me want to visit again but probably only with a group.  Cool place to check out especially if you just want to hang with cool peeps and listen to some good music. Party on.......
While living in Miami this was one of the best places to go to. I never had issues with door staff or wait staff. Music is great and the atmosphere is fun. A few drawbacks is that it does take a little long to get a drink on a busy night but hey there is 30 people for every one bartender so have some patience. I'm taking one star off because of the "working girls" as soon as you come out, but I'm not sure what the club can do about those. The drinks are average price and there are many beautiful people (and a few ugly ones too) but its Miami so thats what one would expect
This is a great place to grab drinks with friends and listen to music. The service, however, is not great. Appetizers take very long and the overall service vibe is very disorganized. Several different people claim they are the waiter for your table, and they often mix up what you ordered. Having said that, it is a very fun place to hang out. The atmosphere is great and they have awesome cocktails.
Disclaimer: I did not eat or drink at this establishment. What then would warrant 5 stars you ask?? AMBIENCE!! From the moment we walked up due to the fun music pumping through the speakers, we were hooked. Top it off with bouncers who cheerfully greet you and wave you through the doors like you are a queen entering court and hosts who look at you like the party didn't start until you arrived and you have Blue Martini in a nutshell. We stayed and partied for about an hour but I was so busy dancing, I couldn't be bothered to get to the bar. And for me, that is complete crazy talk.. So to you Brickell, I say well done on your customer service training. More venues should follow your model. I cannot wait to go back and actually try something!! I hope the food and drink are at the same level although somehow, I have no doubt that they will be!! :)
Came for happy hour with a group of co-workers on a Tuesday and the place was dead, much unlike weekends. If you want to get an idea of the type of crowd you'll see, I won't be offending anyone now. Simply pick up a Brickell magazine and flip through the last pages. Extensive cocktail menu, as the name suggests, as well as some tapas style food. The Hendricks Cucumber Martini was strong but delicious. Don't fall into the "below 200 calorie options" trap however. First, that's still 200 calories of pure sugar. Second, the Skinny Bitch Martini was literally undrinkable. Like blueberry flavored dish detergent. Food is better than expected for bar food. The seared tuna on wakame salad is a nice plate to share, definitely makes you feel better about that 200+ calorie martini. The margarita flatbread was pretty decent also. As for the wait staff, they might be pretty to look at in their turquoise corsets, but they seem somewhat inexperienced, at least as it comes to service. Appetizers would come out without silverware (ever tried eating wakame with your fingers?) and then they'd actually take the clean plates off our table so we were also left eating off a single plate with about 15 co-workers. How's that for a team building exercise? Overall, must agree with Sabrina Anna C. Overpriced and overrated. If they were purposely trying to be cheesy I could actually appreciate it but I think they're serious. What the heck, strong drinks and good company make it all okay.
Came here twice with boyfriend and his friends. The first time the live band was AWESOME. There was a good crowd without it being packed. Our server was really attentive and checked on us several times for drink refills and cigars. There was also some promotional tequila and they brought us two rounds of free shots - another awesome point! The guys had all eaten before I got there, but I ordered some crab cakes which were amazing. We went back again a couple days later. There was a different live band that wasn't great, and the place was jam packed. This second time was definitely not as much fun but we still had a good time. Definitely very smokey inside but to be expected. Sitting inside, you deal with the smoke but you're near the band. Outside is less smokey, so you just have to do your own CBA. Overall, really fun place, would definitely return.
It's Tuesday a year later and this place is packed.Live music great crowd. Can't ask for more.
Love the live bands here!!!  Blue Martini tends to find really great bands with fun lively music!  The bartenders here are awesome too!  Very friendly and attentive! The crowd is good on most nights.  Fridays and Wednesday nights (ladies' night) seem to be best.  If you don't like the live music, there is an outdoor bar where you can chit chat.   As with all locations, Blue Martini has an awesome happy hour from 4-8 everyday which gets you half off all drinks and food.  Ladies get this deal all night on Wednesdays.  Their drinks are nice and strong and all their signature martinis are made with top shelf liquor. This is a great place to unwind and enjoy a nice stiff drink with your fellow Brickellites.
Blue martini's happy hour is great. 1/2 off appetizers and drinks make it a great treat after work (6-8pm). I think blue martini had the best mojitos in Brickell but expect a more mature crowd than the rest of Brickell bars at this location.
Love the live bands here, the bartenders here are awesome, very friendly and attentive! There's great drinks and customer service)
Not a fan of the live bands. I don't know why, I just find it all too cheesy... Or way too loud... Or just not that entertaining. The drinks are good for happy hour, other than that you're looking at $15 a drink. The service is not that great either. We asked her what the pub crawl special was and she told us 50% off all drinks... GREAT!! So, we had a few drinks and when she brought our bill it was about $42 inc. tax. $42!? ....Oh, she hadn't applied the discount off of our drinks... *Phew!* We told her that she forgot to charge our drinks as half-off, so she took the bill and then returned. The bill now said at the bottom *Employee discount 50%:  -$13.50 Now, I am no Math Whiz, but, $13.50 is not half of $42. I don't care if theres a fancy "50%" in the bill, $13.50 is certainly not half of that. What I noticed that she had done was that she removed the most expensive drink from the bill, which was a Jameson Whiskey on the rocks: $13.50, instead of deducting half off of EACH drink. After constant back-and-forth, and the waitress telling me "No, you're wrong" a few times, they finally changed the bill. Saying that this was all annoying was an understatement.
Blue Martini Brickell is the BEST! Blue Martini Happy Hour is where my coworkers and I would go on a Friday night! It was always an amazing time! The drinks are great and the appetizers are yummy! During happy hour, the appetizers are half off. By about 8 the live band starts. Usually live bands aren't my thing, but at Blue Martini they're always really good! They play songs you know and can sing along to! It's the best time and the band always leaves you wanting more. Once the band starts, Blue Martini really gets crowded with people dancing. It's just a really good time!! My husband and I did a party with our friends one Friday night and it was the perfect spot! We had our own area and during happy hour we were able to talk and visit. Also, we were able to get the half off on appetizers and bottle service during happy hour. After happy hour, we still had our own little area and got to hang out and dance once the band started! Blue Martini is a great spot for happy hour or just chilling and dancing! Highly recommend checking it out!
Little known fact, Blue Martini is the douchey, popped-collared cousin of the Blue Oyster (not that there is anything wrong with that just not my scene) I came here recently for Frenchie's going away and was actually pleasantly pleased by the scene. There was some live music by that bearded O'hara guy that I have seen around town several times and his friend and they are quite good. Drinks and apps were half off until 8 which to me is proper happy hour length. My eyebrow has been raised.
Consistently great happy hour. Consistently great live band or mix of live music. The atmosphere is great and people dance a lot when the music gets going. The crowd is usually people aged 30+ which is expected here. Not a bad thing. Everyone always seems to be enjoying themselves and having a great time. We have also come here on Saturday nights. Though it does get crowded the atmosphere is still fun and the bottle service is definitely worth the table and space you get near the dance floor. Great location for some late night fun in Mary Brickell Village.
The bands play songs you know and others can sing along with and the dancing just breaks out.  Service is slow to non-existent and BE SURE TO GET YOUR CREDIT CARD BACK IF YOU USE ONE!!  The wait staff will forget to give it to you almost everytime.  I have been to this location three times and had to request my credit card each time. The drinks are great if you really specify what you want, I have sent a drink back two out of three visits here to date. Back to the music, the bands are always entertaining and stick to playing popular songs that the crowd knows the words to, in the words of a DJ friend, "the more you drink the better the band sounds, period!
It's so hard yo review nightlife in Brickell! I feel bad for the biz owners...it's not their fault the brickell crowd is...blah, not being racist or anything but idk always something missing in Brickell (beach perhaps?!) but this place does try too hard, maybe if they were more accepting of their unfortunate geography and tried to be more laid back like fado I'd give them more stars...A for effort right?!
Good for happy hour , great live music and fun/attractive crowd. Great place to mingle
I came here for my birthday and wasn't thrilled. I have been here a few times before and every time I think it might get better. The drinks are way overpriced. Two shots cost $34.50 then when I got the next round I got 3 shots and they charged me $39 which leads me to believe I was overcharged on the first round. The bartender we got gave me the wrong drink several times and screwed up my friends tab too. I did like the atmosphere and the music was good but bad drinks kinda throw it off for me. Overall I just give it a ehhhhhhh.
Was here for a friend's birthday. It was not my first time, nor it will be my last but this is a place I do not choose to go. Every time I come and every time I will come here is because of some one's else choice. I know better. I like bars, I don't mind to spend money when is deservedly so, but Blue Martini, you do not deserve it. First, cover charge, even for ladies. Really? Second, pricey drinks. They only have to sell 2 Red Bulls and vodka to make up for the entire shipment of Red Bulls and Vodka. Third, the bartenders. Yes, they are cute but man, they look like they would rather be somewhere else. Or maybe is the fact that what they are wearing its so tight they can't barely breath. I would be upset if not enough oxygen was getting to my brain.
Best happy hour in Brickell. GO. The entire menu is half off, no wimpy happy hour menu on greased stained paper that gives you only stomach problems. LOVE, the lobster salad and martinis (duh). If you are a female and you get the VIP card, you can get one martini for free during this time. For the most part, the bartenders are friendly. The only downside is, it seems to attract older men who prey on younger women. I would assume this is because the bartenders all walk around in tiny blue corsets and this establishment promotes bringing in more women at any cost. The music can also get VERY loud. I don't really care about the "douchey" atmosphere. That seems to fade away after a few martinis and a salad anyway. Live on Blue Martini!
Dear Blue Martini, I still despise you.  I still think you are overcrowded and overpriced.  But you managed to redeem a star because I actually enjoyed Happy Hour here last Friday.   For the first time, I was not charged a ridiculous cover to come in.  The drinks were reasonable (I paid $12 for a Mojito and a Black & Tan beer) during this time, which is my usual gripe, and we actually had fun.  I have to say though, that is because some friends of ours arrived early and scored a table outside, which at least got me out of the crowd's way. We were only here for about an hour.  And that's really all I could handle.  But I will at least give you credit where credit is due.  There was a large crowd, lots of people, tables were all full, and it looked like business was doing well.  At least you have that going for you. Will I be back?  I hate to say yes, but probably.  Can you please just stop charging a cover though?  It's really tacky. Thanks for listening, Sabrina*
It's hard to be die-hard fan of the Blue Martini considering that the drinks are noticeably and insultingly overpriced.  The clientele: average-looking women who have that look on their face as if they're smoking hot and the groveling men surrounding them.  The pros: 3 different bars, a balcony, live entertainment, no cover charge (the few times I've been there) , and a somewhat classy decor.  The 3 bar schematic is cool because each bar will cater to a different mood you're in.  The bar in front of the stage is usually packed...but I prefer the balcony bar anyway.  I have never had a martini here and probably will never have one, so I can't comment on that. Blue Martini is rightfully known for it's flash and not it's substance.
Oh, Blue Martini. I have such a love hate relationship with you. I'll start with the love. I always enjoy the live music here. Last time I was there, they had soft jazz and a woman singing Sade. Awesome. I also love their half price martinis at happy hour. a $7 Fly Me to the Moon Martini or the one with the sweet tea vodka? Yes, please. Bring em on. Now for the hate half of this tumultuous relationship. Blue Martini, I think you're a little sleazy. Watching middle aged men in suits hitting on the 27 year old sporting a new boob job in a toddler's clothing is not my idea of fun. It's a meat market. It's pathetic and gross. I understand that nightlife spots will have their fair share of cheesy lady killers and pretty girls that are one drink away from being high class hookers, but this place is packed with these types. I also hate paying cover. I'm a girl. I have boobs. You know, those things that make guys pay cover and buy drinks? I promise to wear a low cut shirt if you promise to let me in for free. Thanks. Blue Martini can get expensive after happy hour, but the martinis are good and the shakers have enough in them for 2-3 drinks. My love hate relationship will continue because the martinis are good, my friends like it, and the music is consistently great.
I find it bizarre that Blue Martini has fewer than 5 stars and this is why: Music: Extremely danceable, and people will actually dance here. So if you are in the mood to dance, this is a great venue. I've seen live music here a couple times (Remix was one awesome band). Note: They'll often start with some oldies, disco, or something like that, but by 11 or so they'll play regular club-ish type music. Events: I've been to 3 events now where free drinks and/or free apps were plentiful.  Free manicures were done the other night at the LBD event! Drinks: Might be just as pricey as any club in MIA, but they are also delicious and plenty strong. A lightweight like me only needs one (this is excellent for my budget). Location: Right in the middle of Mary Brickell Village... go to dinner and end up here! I celebrated Part II of my Bachelorette parties here and we all had an awesome time. The people here are a very decent crowd.... it's a bit older but I prefer that to drunken girls screaming and throwing drinks on your dress. My friend's bachelorette party last year was also here, where we danced the night away and fed her Blue Martinis (signature -- and very sweet -- drink)! We didn't take advantage of their Bachelorette party special, but it seems like a great deal... It's something like $39 per person with open bar and appetizers. They advertise in on the screens in the club. I was also here for this past New Year's Eve, and we all enjoyed ourselves with the open bar, apps, and champagne, all for $40. We were even invited into VIP to share a couple's bottles. Overall, Blue Martini is a great place to celebrate, even if you're just celebrating making it to the weekend.
Too overcrowded for my taste... and overpriced. However, the review on the food from friends of mine seem to be good. But, an average of $15 dollars per drink is too much - I'd expect that in a fancy bar in South Beach. And I don't consider Blue Martini fancy enough for this kind of prices by comparison. If you come for happy hour, you get 2-4-1, but then you're still barely paying it at a decent price (still $2 more than I would have liked, per drink).
Despite the recession, I don't mind spending money in a place that deserves it. You guys know I like my clubbing and I have to get some in about once a month. I do have a major gripe with clubs that make guys pay cover. Where's the ACLU when you need them? :) Blue Martini Brickell had the gall to even ask for a tip in addition to the cover charge! I made sure to scribble a thick line across the tip line. I'm old school in that tips are earned for quality  service, and automatic tips should be banned. Making people stand in line is not service! What redeemed this place? The live band was lively, the singer was a pretty lady and I was with good company.
You wanna talk about weird??? O my!  This place is STRANGE!.  Paula E. hits it right on!  There's a buncha old heads in here trying to scope out a girl who looks like she's got enough of a low self-esteem to let them take her home.   For women, the overall feel is well...awkward, just plain awkward.  It's got the Miami techno music scene and that part isn't bad, but you just feel awkward that there are so many men just sorta standing and watching...Pretty cool ambiance (as in, everything you're left with if you minus the people), but not worth being surrounded by the creeps in there. I won't be back, to say the least. PS. Don't come early, like say, before midnight.  The live band we saw was really out of place compared to the crowd that comes later.  They were doing the Prince song "Kiss."  I mean, I have no issues with Prince, but I dont wanna hear that at a dance club, lounge, or whatever
_                               __/  /=\                               \,/  |-|                               _|___\_/_                              |.        |_                              |.        |:|                              |.        |/                              |_________|                               __|___|__                              [_________]                      ,,,,,      _|//                     , , ;;      ( /                    *    D        =o                    |.   /       /\|                _____|***|_______/o /               / '==| :: |=='  33  /              /  \  8    8  /____/             /  _/\ | :: | /              \  ||_|____|/               |o| |  x  |               ( \ / _'_ \               ////   |   \                 |    |    |                 |    |    |                 |    |    |                 \ _  |  _ /                  \   |   /                   \  |  /                    |_|_|                   /o | o\                  /o _|_ o\                 (__/   \__) I was torn with Blue Martini, happy hour prices were great, I just hate paying $14.00, for a martini, I know South Beach is $19.00, but sooner then you think you have an $80.00 bar tab! The service there was iffy at best, not really fast, and as soon as you got withdrawals from the alcohol, your waiter God would show up. The absolute best thing about Blue Martini is the soft jazz, and the people who show up pretending to be, people they'd actually never want to be. I get's packed and there's an interesting lot of individuals who stand around and lie to each other, always fun, always a challenge. I kinda like this place it's great for people watching, great drinks, and even better music. I wish Yelp did have the halfsee star, as I'd give it 31/2, service knocked it down to a full star.
FML... I did it again. I actually hate this place but I usually get dragged in there after hitting more than a few, and when I am with a group of people that want to dance. The cover is BULLSHIT!!! and the the line guys try to pull a Miami Hook up move. Here is how it goes. "Bro, you are on the list, and you go really??? then they go yeah for $20 bucks you can go by the VIP line. Ok... WTF??? Really... So you go in, BAM Latin Guidos all over the place. All pretending to be Ballers. I actually feel for the single ladies in this joint.  The drinks are pretty FKN good. I have to give them that, hence the 2 stars. When they have a good band, not bad either. So, I will most likely see you again, against my will. But I have to admit, it is the only joint in brickell village you can dance. DALE!!!
It's ok for happy hour - - I love that they have live music - happy hour 1/2 off prices and space to put your drinks down while you are dancing.  I suggest that you eat somewhere else for dinner though - the music and lighting is more about bar/club than restaurant.  Staff were pleasant, but our waitress took her title too serious and made us wait a long time to order drinks.  Overall, it is a good place to meet a few co-workers for after work drinks -- the volume of the music helps deter office gossip :-)
This place had so many old women who had too much plastic surgery who were trying to hit on rich men. The bartenders are super hot women in teeny tiny outfits. Once you get past this, it is a really fun place! The menus are great with a ton of options - martinis available for every single mood and taste. I stuck to my standard pomegranate martini but in hindsight, wish I had been more adventurous and had tried some others. This place was extremely crowded and half nightclub/half loungy but overall had a really fun vibe to it. Definitely a fun place to stop on a bar hopping night out but not a final destination.
Was in town Sunday thru Wednesday, so most places didn't have much going in. Found this place and was no disappointed. Beautiful, classy place with and indoor and outdoor bar. They have live music 7 nights a week. Was there Tuesday and it was a house band with a karaoke contest. I thought that would be lame but there was a cash prize so the singing talent was good, and the band was excellent. I didn't eat, but the drinks were well made, the bartenders were friendly and quick to see you and serve. I also really liked the crowd, which was about 26 on avg but there were a range of ages there, and best of all they were normal, not pretentious, just having a good time without attitude. Go, enjoy, you won't be disappointed. All the other places in Brickell village seemed to be bland , mall-type places. This place was unique and the busiest.
Last Friday, I went to Blue Martini, and as I perused through their leatherbound menu, I thought... "Hello, Blue Martini! One Gummy Tini please!".... I love gummi bears, and this is a serious slice of heaven for any gummi bear fanatic. As I savored every drop, it reminded me of a liquified gummi bear! Overall, the price would be $14 (a bit pricey), but I got it half off during happy hour for $7. My friends and I also tried their flatbreads, and they were delicious. Since we had time to kill, my friends and I decided to wait till 8 pm for their live music while we sat in the back of their open patio area. And I have to admit that although I am a fan of a live performance, the two ladies who were singing sounded like two bats in the heat of night going at it. I thought to myself, "Who would hire these people?" But as my friends and I decided to get closer to the stage, they sounded better. Maybe looking good helps improve the overall quality of a performance, considering the fact that we couldn't see them from all the way in the back. My friends and I danced for a few hours. No pretentiousness- everyone was there for a good time! There were a few interesting looking people--an old man tried to dance with my friend. No success unfortunately! They definitely played the hottest songs of today like Gandam Style and Call Me Maybe. Overall, it was a great night! I highly recommend coming here if anyone is looking for a place to dance, meet new friends, and get a martini. Come here for happy hour--otherwise the price tag is not worth it.
Despite the management acting like they cared about this, I sent another copy of the receipt to the manager who responded to this review and not a word since.  My review stands - this is an accepted practice, the only response I ever got was when I gave a bad Yelp review and even then half-assed.  BEWARE and pay in cash!!!!
Went last night to Blue Martini in Brickell Got there early cause my children where in a party in downtown so we went there while waiting for them We paid no cover charge since we got their early. We left at 11:30. We had a BLAST! They had a group called "Re-Mix". They were outstanding ! Playing oldies all the way to today's music. I hadn't had this much fun in a long time.  Can't wait to go back !
Went last night to Blue Martini in Brickell Got there early cause my children where in a party in downtown so we went there while waiting for them We paid no cover charge since we got their early. We left at 11:30. We had a BLAST! They had a group called "Re-Mix". They were outstanding ! Playing oldies all the way to today's music. I hadn't had this much fun in a long time.  Can't wait to go back !
Despite the management acting like they cared about this, I sent another copy of the receipt to the manager who responded to this review and not a word since.  My review stands - this is an accepted practice, the only response I ever got was when I gave a bad Yelp review and even then half-assed.  BEWARE and pay in cash!!!!
I like Blue Martini's for happy hour and only happy hour. This place is moderately priced at happy hour, but afterwards it is plain expensive. Their service is good. They serve you fast and regularly check up how are things. As for drinks I recommend, I personally enjoy the pomegranate martini. It is flavorful and packs a nice punch. Another drink to try is the Berry-Blue. It tastes fantastic. Word of advice DO NOT TRY the caipirinha. It is by far the worst one I have ever tried at a bar, home, in this world. Stick with the martinis!
Visit very often for Happy hour specials. Ladies receive a free drink before 11 with VIP  Card. Happy  hour specials are half off until 7pm. Appetizer menu is very good as well,  i have ordered the flat bread and the spinach dip. free entrance until 11pm, great band. Fun for dancing and expect large crowd.
This place is a Happy Hour HOT-SPOT with delicious food and drinks!!  Not to mention great service and a wonderful atmosphere. I had just got to Miami, checked into my hotel and was looking for a cool place to grab drinks and a tiny bite to eat.  I was sent over to this plaza area and there were several places to choose from.  Honestly the reason I picked The Blue Martini was because of the name... I love martinis, so why not try one here!  They had just opened and I was able to snag a corner outside patio table.  It was the perfect place to people and luxury car watch! The food menu was not extensive, but it was all 1/2 for Happy Hour.  I ended up ordering the Spinach & Artichoke Dip and a BBQ Chicken Flatbread, both priced at $6.  It was well worth the money.  The flatbread was to die for!!  And the Spinach & Artichoke Dip was extra cheesy so I VERY much enjoyed it! The drink menu on the other hand was quite extensive.  Since they have a full bar, they could pretty much make you whatever you wanted, even if it wasn't on the menu.  I ended up going with the blue martini and it was delicious! The waitress I had was very nice and gave me excellent service. Apparently the nightlife at this bar is amazing and I'm hoping to make it back one day to check it out.  Because if it's as good as the food and drinks, I definitely don't want to miss out on it!
Still not a fan but convenient and good deals for happy hour. Blue Martini has become our regular happy hour between colleagues. Perfect location in Brickell with a nice setting. Great happy hour with  50% off drinks and food  specials like the flatbreads or hummus, chicken skewers... Since I eat more than I drink it is perfect for me! Really like their mojito they also have a lot of cocktail choice which are actually bigger than other bars I have been too. My complains: too loud and the waitresses were ridiculouly tight and exposing corset. They not chic are glamour guys!!
This place has become a staple of Mary Brickell Village. The entertainment and the vibe is always going to be trendy. I recommend hitting up this place for happy hour. Everything is half off and they actually have great appetizers. If you show up after 9pm, prepare to pay a cover charge. Don't worry though, most times it's worth it.
Great drinks, great drinks. The Karaoke is a blast!  I'm never one to sing myself, but I am one to watch and often admire the skills of others. The music is good and the clubbing is great too! I'll be back.
I used to be a huge fan of blue martini literally visiting almost every single location that they have along my various trips. Recently, they have changed the actual liquors that they use to make drinks with and downgraded the brands quite a bit. One would think that it wouldn't make such a big difference but surprisingly it makes a huge difference. We rarely ever visit this location in particular because we never really had that amazing time that one would expect to have here... except for Monday night! We popped by here after dinner on Monday night at around 10:00pm. There was a pretty good crowd, both outside and inside. Then this amazing band (Roky Sofi) came on and we were blown away. We had a ball as this was definitely the best live band we have ever seen in Florida. The music was on par and the drinks were flowing. We really had a great time. The DJ that came on after the band was great as well playing Temper Trap and other favorites. We will definitely be back!
Blue Martini is not a perfect 5-star b/c the Sunday night we went was SUPER DUPER packed!!! There was barely any room to dance or move around! It was stuffy too!! I wish they would regulate the number of ppl in there. The music was great, the ambiance was perfect. Can't complain! Plus, the location is very convenient--great place to drop by after dinner and check out the night scene
To note, we were in Miami for Memorial Day weekend and were forbidden by locals to go to South Beach. It's ghetto fabulous superstar weekend or something gross and all the weirdos come out - face eating zombie, anyone???? I came here twice while in Miami (we did a lot of bar hopping). It is the exact same floor plan as the one in Fort Lauderdale. The crowd is fine but definitely more ghetto than the other places we went. The first night it was fine. There was room, easy to get a drink, and had some random older pervs running around. The second night it was packed, raging and a lot of people were dancing around. I of course joined in. Pretty standard for me after a few drinks... or none. It's a bit hard to find as it's upstairs but just use your smartphone and you'll be there.
By far, above any place I have ever been, this was the best people watching I have partook in. Maybe it was just Miami and I am not privy to the scene? We managed to snag a corner table on the patio in the back bar closest to the street. Live music moved the crowd and gave all the chicas something to shake their ass to. And by crowd, I mean, packed like a night club. It was difficult navigating to the restrooms but doable. I believe there are two bars, plenty of lounge space, and a dance floor. They had a book of martinis, err hence the name, but really isn't my drank. I was happy sipping on beers and occasional shots of Jameson (which were outrageously priced...Miami again?). The service was great and we were well watered. As Sarah M. alluded to this is a great place to stop in at but not a final destination. A dynamic group of people and mash of cultures. I was enthralled I'm not going to lie. In amazement of all the bros hitting on chicks at the bar. First time I stopped in by accident and the second by design. When on travel for work this makes for a entertaining stop after dinner while in the area.
For a place packed full of people I guess they enjoy paying for over priced drinks. I don't often visit Mary Brickell Village and this firms up the stereotypes of people trying too hard to fit in. The music was okay and the food was the same. No stand out dish because it was all "just okay." There is one good thing about this place when I have have only gone because my friend has hosted a charity event here and they let you have a table out front for the organization.
This seems like a nice little hotspot for the locals as we instantly met locals upon our arrival.   From a New Jersey tourist point of view, this place reminded me our lounges where I come from with a nice crowd, great service, and impeccable martinis!! I drank my martini within minutes which can make this a somewhat dangerous place but in a very good way ;) The setting is casual and great to go to just to hang out and have good conversations.
Nice little bar with cozy atmosphere. Very comfortable seating with leather couches. The menu is pretty short but everything tastes great and fresh. Drinks were delicious. You can actually smoke INSIDE, however as a non smoker, i didn't mind because there was no smell of cigarettes. The service is on point. They have different live bands playing behind the bar. Would recommend.
My favorite place to go  great drinks Great customer service Great bartenders friendly absolutely good place to go make some friends
I had a great experience at Blue Martini Lounge Brickell last weekend! I had a large scale event that I put together for a client which was held at Blue Martini on a Saturday afternoon. From start to finish, from planning to execution, the staff was very accommodating to me and my client. The Event Sales Manager, Daniela, is the best. She paid attention to the little details that made our event a success. On the Saturday we had our event, the food and drinks were delicious and all of our guests gave positive feedback to me about the venue and staff. We will look to Blue Martini in the future for event needs.
Blue Martini gets 3 stars based on the sense of humor I have.! It's great for people watching, it's like being at a zoo so many different breeds of people all in one place. Gorgeous bar tenders, cougars, young crowd, and mature crowd. The drinks aren't too bad depending on what you order I suggest just stick with Martini's considering that's what they're known for, there are several types to choose from.
Great time, beautiful women, as expensive as any other place.... recommend you pre-game...
The male population in this place is about 90% prowlers. And by default, as soon as you enter this place, whether you are a man/woman you attain bovine qualities. I hear it's possible to fist pump in this place, but I didn't stay long enough for that.
The Blue Martini in Miami turned out to be more fun than expected. We went there on SAT 8/3 before dinner at Toscana Divino and had a Martini,. Prices are no higher than the Blue Martini in West Palm Beach, drinks were good. Before we left a group starting to play live. 4 guys and 2 beautiful girls. They were doing well, but we had to leave to go to dinner as we had a reservation. However after dinner we went back and guess what...the same group was still playing (we are Italians, our dinner is not 20 minutes, more like an hour and a half at least..). At this time the place started to rock, people dancing and I have to say that group was one of the best I have seen in 15 years of living in Florida. Good instrumental players and great songs interpretation. We ended up spending a few hours in there, and had a good time. Oh, and the two female bartenders were gorgeous, not that I noticed it as I was there with my wife....
So when I moved to New York a while back, a couple of months later I heard about 'The Blue Martini' as one of the new hot spots in Miami, so when I went down, my friends wanted to go there to remind me of the beautiful golddigger eye candy that hangs out in this place, and because we have the hookup.   My friend works the door, so 3 guys coming in was easy (there was a crowd outside), my other friend is a bartender, so we had the hookup there, and all I wanted to do was relax and catch up with my friends after a gruesome 7 months in the north.  We had a table inside by the bar, the place is very "show off what you got" from the moment you park your luxury vehicle outside. But inside there is a main room where people dance followed by a long bar (always crowded), then an open area bar, and then a closed off area bar with booths and tables, the music is top hits of all genres, the crowd is mostly late 20's - 40's+, youll spot the typical tan latin siliconed 27yr old woman in a tight dress hanging with a 40yr+ old dude. As we were discussing life, brotherhood, future plans, women and gossip, we kept being interrupted by random single ladies who were curious what the serious talk was about and why we werent looking around for women (damn attention whores) lol but after brushing them away we enjoyed each others company, the eye candy, the strong drinks by my attractive lady friend and we moved on to pull an all nighter elsewhere.
It probably depends on what you're looking for, but Blue Martini is definitely not for everyone. (My diplomatic way of saying: 'not for most'). We went there for a friend's birthday, but after everyone having to pay $10 cover  (ladies as well), getting the wrong shots b/c the bartender couldn't hear us over the music (either that or he's not that good), getting charged $13/drink for the wrong drinks, lots of people smoking inside and having men outnumber women about 2.5 to 1, I don't think Blue Martini is too impressive. They earned an extra star because they played some kick-ass music and have some yummy martinis.
Blue Martini - just the name should send a red flag so high to any cocktail lover that they'll know to run.  No real cocktails, no remotely precise measuring, no idea how a bar should run.  What does it have? Great bands on some days. Fake Tits Papichulos, discotecos and all around cool guys Women who dig papichulos, discotecos and all around cool guys Glenlivet More fake tits roll the dice for a good time if your friends suck you into it, but be prepared.
While I'm happy to see that there are more places to go in the Brickell/S. Miami Ave. area and that the night life is picking up in this area, I must say Blue Martini isn't a place I'll be going back to often.  For just a night out for drinks with friends, I thought it was way too overpriced.  I went here with a friend, as she was meeting up with some of her co-workers.  We got there at about 9 p.m. (happy hour ended at 7 from what I'm told).  We each paid a $10 cover charge to get in, and each martini was $18.   So the two of us were there for maybe an hour, had only 2 drinks each and blew about $100, not including parking.  It was a fun atmosphere and the place was crowded, but there are too many other places in Miami where you can get dinner + drinks and spend more than an hour in nearly the same surroundings for much less $$.
I've been here a handful of times with coworkers who are big fans, but honestly - I can't stand the place! The crowd is a really WEIRD mix of people, the drinks are overpriced and weak, the bartenders are kind of rude and it gets WAY too crowded at night. Plus, the music is so loud inside, you can't even have a conversation. They have a dress code which they enforce and cover for guys. They try to be really upscale, but most of the people they attract are wannabees. I will not be back willingly!
Ew. That kind of sums up my impressions of this place. Just...ew. Blue Martini is a pretentious meat market bar that serves overpriced mediocre drinks to mobs of sleazy leering poseurs. Contrary to some other reviews, I thought the service was friendly and fast and the location is awesome, which is why I'm giving it two stars. But really this is a one-star joint that reminds me of those loathsome tourist traps that try desperately to be upscale but just come across as desperate. The music was memorably awful. Also, one of the singers in the cover band was wearing sheer pantyhose as pants. I couldn't believe my eyes at first but yes, it was true--we really were staring at her naked vulva during their entire set. I'm not a prude or anything, but come on now. Ew.
It's a 4 if I go with my Jamaican friend cause we dance our ass off :). It's a 3 if I go with my Hispanic friends, all they want to do is look pretty :(. All I want to do is improve my salsa dancing skill.
Blue Martini is one of those places you need to visit at least once. Everyone's experience in Blue will be different, heavily weighing on who you bring with you and what you have in your wallet. I happened to go on a Monday night because my friends were performing on the stage... behind the bar. Clever layout to be honest. Every drink was priced two shelves higher than what it should be. To be honest, the only saving grace that stopped me from giving Blue one star was that the bartender was VERY nice and friendly. I tipped her accordingly. I'd really like to try Blue again on a busier day, but other reviews telling me that there is a cover to let me into an overpriced bar really turns me away. Bottom Line: Try it once, but be ready to spend A LOT --VERY QUICKLY--
Editing my previous (somewhat frustrated) post to simply state they had high drink prices and poor treatment of customers... poor enough to encourage my first review on Yelp. Won't be returning. On the bright side, it got me into Yelp. :-)
After leaving MIA, we hit up Blue Martini. And boy, am I glad we did. NO COVER CHARGE (which apparently is an anomoly in Miami). There was a mixed crowd- everyone just there to have a good time, the DJ was spinning all the hits, and it was a great, casual vibe- perfect for a Sunday night. If in town, I would definitely come back.
As someone who has frequented Blue Martini Kendall many times in the past, I was really excited to finally check out its Brickell counterpart. I live about 2 blocks down the street, and the only reason we go to the Kendall Location is because our friends live in that area and we don't want to inconvenience everyone by making them find parking on Brickell. We finally made our way to the Brickell location last night for the Heat vs Bulls game. First impression walking through the door is, it looks just like the Kendall location. Although I found the Brickell location to be a tad nicer inside. But its basically the same thing. Unlike the Kendall location tho you're surrounded by Mary Brickell Village here, which is definitely nicer. Unfortunately, being in Brickell did not seem to attract a better "crowd". Everyone at the bar last night was ghetto, loud, obnoxious. The typical ghetto douchebag in Ed Hardy clothes you find at the Kendall Location. But thats Miami, its not Blue Martinis fault. Moving on to the pros and cons... Pros: The place is beautiful inside. It has a very nice upscale feel but can also manage to feel relaxed at the same time. Because th eheat game was going on they were having a few specials, 5 beers for $15 (which is just OK, but reasonable). Our waitress was friendly and helpful. When my wife ordered a drink she had never tried before, the waitress cautioned her against it and suggested something better. Which my wife loved! They had a great big TV setup to watch the same, so that was great too. Location is obviously a big plus. Mary Brickell Village continues to transform into one of Miamis best hot spots. Cons: Prices, prices, prices. When is Blue Martini going to realize $16 (or more) for one martini is just ludicrous. They're food is also way overpriced. The crowds - like i mentioned earlier, being in Brickell did not seem to attract a better crowd. Basically, the only way you'll catch me here again is if its Happy Hour. During Happy Hour they slash prices on almost everything in half. Thats STILL too much to pay for a drink when other places have much better happy hour specials. But atleast it makes going to Blue Martini someone feasible. For now we'll be sticking to the Kendall location where our friend knows the owner and we almost always get free drinks. Otherwise, I have no idea why anyone would come to this place.
