I've been looking for a shop around me with with quality ejuice, good prices, and excellent customer service. I had yet to find one until I came across Nyack Vapes in downtown Nyack. This place has everything! Best B&M prices, awesome juice with 40+ flavors, and the customer service is the best around. I've been to almost every shop in my area and haven't quite been impressed. They have everything from starter kits to rebuildables (Carl will build you perfect coils for free). Whether your a beginner who is just looking for information and a starter kit, or an advanced vaper who is looking for great juice and new RBA's/RDA's, Nyack Vapes is the place to go...you won't be disappointed.. They also have a website you can order from and it takes less that 2 days to arrive (and they always throw in extra goodies with your order). Highly recommended!
Great experience! Carl is willing to customize the juices to your preferences and the selection and customer service is always first class.
Awesome place! The staff are very helpful and welcoming/friendly. Definitely recommend this place over any other shop
Loved my experience at this shop! I was clueless walking in but the man behind the counter was very patient and knowledgeable. He basically put together my starter kit and then recommended numerous juices to try. I have been cigarette free for 2 weeks now because of vaping. I'm bringing my mother to this store this weekend to help her quit smoking.
I come here every time I'm upstate; which is at least once a month. The staff treats me like family, the lounge is cozy, the neighborhood is great, the prices are perfect, the juices are spot on and yummy. I've been to a lot of vapor bars/ lounges and majority are over priced with garbage e juices.... This place is a diamond in Nyack :)
Very friendly & knowledgable staff. Everything you need to start & continue to vape.
I went into the shop today and was met by two of the friendliest storeowners. Had a great conversation and this will definitly be a great spot. The set up is good and from the sounds of things it will be a great asset to the vaping community.  Great job guys....I will definitely be frequenting this store
This store is great. The two store owners are the two friendliest and knowledgeable people I have ever met. Great selection of juices and everything else. They have a very welcoming shop. The liquids are the only ones that have ever gave me the fix of a real cigarette. This shop has helped me quit smoking will definitely recommend this shop to anyone looking for a good quality vape shop.
