This place is one of my favorite south Tampa spots... great selection of wine and the best sangria Ive ever had. Also, great fondue... perfect date night. Highly recommended :)
I was greeted right away by the hostess (and server and bartender) and owner as soon  as I walked in. I felt very comfortable from the beginning. I started off with a bottle of wine and ended up ordering the gruyere fondue. I've been to a few fondue places in my life and this was better than any of those. The price was also about 1/3 of what you would pay at a chain. This place is great for happy hour. It's artsy, quiet and intimate. Give it a try!
I've eaten here a few times.  The atmosphere is warm and very comfortable. Clearly geared toward adults who want an intimate, relaxing experience. The food is fresh, creative, and always delicious. Best gazpacho in town by the way. Nice selection of wines too. The service is personal, attentive, and very friendly. Sharon, the owner, and Jessie and Nicki will make you happy to be there.
Last night was our first time here and it was excellent. Sharon and Jesse were so nice we felt like we were at home. The wine selections were wonderful and the Cheese Fondue was so much better than the Melting Pot. We will definitely be back. Thank you for making a not so great day turn into a wonderful evening.
Great place to go almost any night of the week. It sort of looks odd from the outside, but the inside is super cozy and eclectic. I really like all the types of seating arrangements that are available and the chill atmosphere. The service is great and folks are very knowledgeable and honest about the wine and food. I think it's one of the best places in the area to try a bunch of wines, as they have VERY affordable sample pours that you can get. Also, they almost always have deals online that are great. Their food is also decent, but I think the wine really makes this place shine.
Great place. It was a dentist and a doctor office one time.  I enjoyed the quirky decor. My fondue was wonderful. The wine choices covered all the bases, and they had some nice blends. Try the wine flight for a good tasting.
The SO and I weren't sure what to expect from a 50's era, ex-dentist's office building, but I was really impressed by the Wine Studio! The seating is cozy, like someone's living room. In fact, I'd like my crappy living room to look like this wine bar. The exam room walls have been knocked down and replaced with arches so that each section is separated while still being connected. We started with the gruyere fondue...best choice I've made in recent memory. I know what you're thinking, "But Sarah, you generally make horrible decisions." You're right, but trust me, this fondue was a cheesy, Swiss win. Served with grapes, figs, dried apricots, broccoli and French bread we ravenously consumed the lot like Fraggles descending on a Doozer bridge. We didn't really need to order another small plate after the Gorg-sized (by the way, this review is Fraggle Rock themed) fondue, but we were getting tipsy so we ordered the shrimp and crab spread. This small plate was alright, served warm with sesame crackers. I think I should stick to seafood spreads that contain Old Bay and admit to my "trashier part of Maryland" roots. Overall, great experience. Plus there's some coconut Epsom salt hand mush in the bathroom that smells amazing (DO NOT EAT THIS).
This was my first wine bar after moving from Atlanta to St Pete. What makes this place so freakin awesomely versital is the layout and multiple seating options. It has a nice but small bar around the bartendar that seats about 10 people. It has another ledge and stool chairs that acts as a bar (but no bartender there). It has multiple tables and sitting areas to accomodate groups of people. And it has a couple of handsome sofas (and not something that looks like it wasa reject picked up on frat row) that allow for an intimate experience that great for a date where you could actually carry on a conversation. They even have a very small patio area too - only big enough for a small group though. There are waiters assigned to the seating areas, so this is not one of those help-yourself to a wine spout on the wall establishments. They also have beer here if you want to be that way but no open bar. The reason I chose this as the first wine bar was because it did look elegant and not like some hole in the wall but also b/c it was the only one open until Midnight on a Friday. Most of the other wine bars in the area close at 10pm! Wussies. 10pm is a pathetic closing hour for a wine bar on a Friday night. What also makes this place kinda cool and they seem to always have events or specials or something going on here. From the calendars I've seen they seem to consistently have a "SUPER" happy hour every last Friday of the month that last from 4pm to Midnight. My only complaint was the music. No, the volume was fine; it was suicide-inducing theme that ran with every song selction. You know - sad Adel songs, Bruno Mars songs and the like. I'm like - are they purposely playing these depressing tunes to engage you to drown more of your sorrows in more wine? We'd go back though. Hopefully Pandora or whatever they decide to play will be less depressing.
We had a great time at the Wine Studio. Very intimate, romantic atmosphere. Definitely a place to take a date. We had a couple glasses of wine and the Gruyere fondue which was awesome. The Spanish cabernet  I had was $16 a glass which is normally way more than I would pay but I have to say, it was awesome. They have less expensive options as well so you don't have to spend a lot if you don't want to. Overall, a great experience. I want to go back and try more of the food. For those that are not wine drinkers, they have many different craft beers as well.
Three of us visited this Westshore area business while searching for a quiet place to enjoy wine, share food and indulge in lively conversation. This proved to be the perfect place for all three. There is a warmth and intimacy to the interior that is a rarity among commercial establishments and a menu that has been thoughtfully assembled with wine in mind. Lots of sparkling wines and bubbly champagnes are offered, which may make this a perfect place to make a toast or celebrate for any reason or occasion. The menu features a mix of pizzas, spreads and dips and most are more than suitable for sharing. Upon entering, guests can choose to sit at the bar or in a collection of different types of furniture, even an old barbershop chair, or venture further inside to the more traditional restaurant set up.
Awesome place! We only went for drinks but the food menu looked so good. I had a glass of merlot that was described in one word on the menu: delish. And it was! My husband doesn't like wine but he loved the craft beer menu. Pleasantly surprising for a wine bar. The building is neat; it used to be a dentist office. The little rooms are set up very intimately, some areas have comfy chairs and a side table, other areas have normal tables and chairs. The ladies working were so super friendly and I can't wait to go back!
Lovely Saturday evening at the wine studio. Generous  meat and cheese platter, and I enjoyed the Melbac tasting. Really looking forward to my next visit.
Very cool place! Don't judge it by the outside, because it completely transforms to a very "chi" atmosphere as soon as you walk through the doors. The bar is located up front, with friendly employees and daily drink specials (7 wines for $7 until 7pm). I had a glass of sangria which was delicious, and a friend had a red blend that she thoroughly enjoyed. They also serve several craft beers, and a huge selection of wine. We had a large group so we reserved a room in the back, which was very quiet and allowed us to chat and eat without having to shout. But, actually, anywhere in this place would have been great. The seating is casual/comfy and would be a great place to go out with a few friends. Great ambiance, lighting, decor. I had the mixed green salad, which I wasn't very impressed with. It was a spring mix tossed with apples and blue cheese, but the dressing was almost bitter and the blue cheese was blah. I'm curious as to how the other items on the menu taste. They had a few pizzas that looked good and some cheese platters I would've loved to try. Maybe on my next date night. ;) One of my friends is not able to have dairy, and the selections are limited as to what she can have. So if you have food sensitivities, you may want to inquire about the menu ahead of time. Service was great - friendly, and prompt. Will definitely come back!
Great wine.  Great food.  Great atmosphere.
This place was incredible! It felt so comfortable and created such a nostalgic atmosphere with the black and white movies playing. The cheese platter was perfect. The wine list was mouthwatering. The only suggestion I would have for them is to stay open later. I work in a restaurant and would love to come here after work, but most of the time they are closed by the time I get out. Definitely worth driving here on my days of though!
Food was very good.  Service was excellent! Quaint, intimate atmosphere. Would recommend to others.
This is the cutest little place. There's nothing real exciting about this place. It's just a place to chill and relax.
Wonderful experience! Will be returning!
Surprise ....surprise..... Don't judge this place by the outside, stop in and try it. Went with a couple of friends after work, we ordered wine flights, fondue,and a cheese plate all was enjoyed! Owner is very friendly ,  so are the patrons, Will return soon,
A chill spot that you can actually talk and relax with whomever you came with.  Sign makes it seem a bit like a 50+ crowd type of place but it is a great alternative for all ages if you don't mind not being "seen". Great wine selection and very welcoming.
This place is a great new addition to South Tampa! The atmosphere rocks, the food is delicious and the had a great beer selection for my man who isn't a wine person.  We both loved it and will be back.  We tried Carmel's Wine and Cafe the week before...very restauranty, Wine Studio has a much more intimate chill atmosphere.
I am always on the lookout for cute place to enjoy a glass of wine and just relax -- places with a calm atmosphere, friendly people, not too noisy, and, even better, locally owned. The Wine Studio fit that checklist perfectly. I had seen a Crowd Saving for it recently which I missed out on, but since then have been following the Wine Studio on Facebook and finally found an excuse to check it out. Be warned, from the outside it really doesn't look like much. It actually reminded me of an old style hotel entry area with a drop off/drive through by the front door. Turns out it had been and old dentist's office. Once you walk in, though, you completely forget about the outside. We were told they redid everything right down to the electrical and the plumbing. They put in new walls with charming arches and created little nooks a row of seating along a bar, seats by the bar where the drinks are poured and a small outside area. They do daily specials - 7 wines, 7 oz., $7 until 7:00 and included on the list last night was an Argentinian wine that normally goes for $14 for a 7 oz. glass. There was a nice selection of wines for just about any taste and a decent selection of bottled craft beers. Prices were competitive with larger restaurants, ranging, I think, from $8.25 upwards to about $16 or so for a 7 ouncer. I really like that they also offer 3 oz. too for when you want just a little more. The staff was nice as could be and the owner came over to check on us and was sweet and eager to please. My only suggestion to the owner would be that it would be nice to have more couch/love seat type seating as a lot of the seating tends to be chairs that are actually pretty separated and I think couches could give it the more intimate feel they seem to be after. I would love to see business pick up for The Wine Studio and to see them succeed. I know I will be back!
At the Sustany event, we got to meet a variety of vendors. At one table, we were greeted by the smiling faces of The Wine Studio, a new mini bistro and wine bar featuring wine (okay, that was a given), food, and art, all in a cozy, neighborhood setting. They offered us a lovely gazpacho, one of their signature soups at the bistro. It was light and delicious, overflowing with fresh vegetables. It was perfectly balanced, with the brightness from the vinegar base mellowed out with a dollop of crème. They are located on Henderson Boulevard and boast 8o different wines from all over the world, a variety of beers, and a yummy menu of appetizer style dishes, as well as pizzas and sandwiches, all categorized by their perfect drink companions (this is good for novel wine tasters like me; while I know good food, I'm still getting grape legs). All items are ranging from $4 for smaller appetizers to $17 for larger items! If you're in serious need of a refuel, they offer a Chef's dinner special Wednesday-Saturday! For photos and more on the event check on the write up on my blog!
Great prices, atmosphere, selection, and service.  John was a wonderful server, we cannot wait to go back!  Very pleased.
Love this place!
This is a great place to enjoy wine with a group of friends or a special date. The menu is yummy with small appetizers to meals. The staff always knows how to help you find a complimentary wine (or beer) to go with your food selection.
Didn't think I was a wine bar kinda guy but I do enjoy this place. Nice atmosphere good selection and great food :) Ill def be back.
