This is normally for the locals because its hidden but on the water. It can take some locals years to fins it. I love coming here when the weather isn't too hot for food and cold drinks. Its great if you like to party on the weekends too.
Great view, good food, great service from Valerie. Great people watching. We had sushi, sliders, wasabi mashed potatoes, volcano shrimp, bread boards. Went on a Friday night.
Hula Bay is nestled amongst warehouse like structures in a pretty sparse landscape. Just as you thing... "Where is this place?" is about when you find it.  Despite that, Hula Bay is furnished nicely, with a restaurant chain-like feel.  It's on the water with nice outdoor seating. Indoors is pretty nice, with a long nice bar to boot. The service has been good, though it's never been friendly or warm. It gets three stars because I've never been impressed with the food. I've tried several dishes over 5+ visits but nothing has yet to leave me overly impressed. The food is just standard fare with slightly above average prices (you're paying for the experience and the location). If you're in the mood for kicking back on a deck with some apps and a drink... this would  do it. If you want something a little more divey or you're in the mood for a good meal... there's better options.
Hula Bay is one of my favorite boating destinations to grab a bite to eat.  There are many restaurants with docking facilities around Tampa, and Hula Bay is one of the best.  It is also accessible by car, but my biggest draw is being able to go by boat.  The docking facilities are very convenient with concrete floating docks, although you are mostly on your own to dock, as there is rarely any help. I am a sucker for their Cheese Boards.  Cheese and bread, how can you go wrong?  And they also have sush!  Between the Cheese Boards, a cooked sushi roll or two, and the Grouper Bites that makes for an awesome appetizer extravaganza.  And then I'm ready for lunch! They have a pretty extensive menu with sandwiches and regular entrees of fish, chicken, and steak.  I've been here about half a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  The fish and chips is one of my favorites, as is their selection of sides, like yellow rice and black beans and their wasabi mashed potatoes.  Their selection or burgers is very interesting with lots of odd combinations of toppings.  The burgers are good.  My favorite is their signature burger, the Hula Bay, with a big slice of pineapple on top! Service has always been decent, even when packed.  If you are boating in the area, Hula Bay is definitely a must see.  Folks driving have sooooooo many other choices that it makes the decision a bit more difficult.   I would definitely recommend you at least try it once.  I'm a fan.
Bring your dog, as long as it's under 50 pounds... They're also prejudice against certain breeds.
I love how this place makes me feel so relaxed, I wished I live closer I would come more often. Was here years ago for a bachelorette party in the pool area, it was so much fun. I love the sunset here. I should visit more often despite the distance.
I wish there were more places like this on the bay. we usually arrive by boat and most of the time there is someone to help us dock.  The outside dining area is always a great place for lunch and the downstairs bar is a great place for happy hour.  The sushi is usually good, and their burgers are consistently great.  I've never had their seafood dinners but everything else is usually above par.  The service is also really good.  The only real problems are that parking can be tricky and valet can get backed up.  Great place to pull in with the boat and kick back with a beer.
I am a huge fan of Hula Bay.  We have been here 2 times and the service is always on point.  They have a huge outdoor patio that overlooks the boats coming in to dock and you can enjoy your dinner at one of the covered tables there.   Its a nice relaxing spot to go without all the crowds of a bar.  Dinner is always great, I usually get the fish tacos which are served fajita style.  The drinks could be a little stronger, somehow I don't feel like I'm getting my money's worth when I order a mixed drink from the bar.  My only other gripe is there are bathroom attendants (I know, call me weird).  I don't know if this is normal for the area, but I always tend to feel awkward when I enter the bathroom and there is a random lady there telling me where to go. The parking is a mess, but luckily they have valet parking.  It typically either runs for $5.00 (which is worth it) or is free depending on when you go.  We will definitely be back to enjoy the outside scenery!
There was nothing that I didn't like about this place. Great views. The island shrimp was great. I recommend trying that. My boyfriend and I both got burgers, which I can't remember the names of but his had pineapple on it while mine had mushroom and some type of sauce. The Hawaiian rolls that the burger came on was a nice touch. We split a piece of key lime pie, which I usually don't care for and I loved it. The bathrooms here were really clean and seemed to have a sauna and showers in it. I'm not sure why, but it looked nice.
Four stars for the view and the food. Hula Bay is a great place to grab a drink and enjoy Tampa Bay. The Molten Martini is one of my all-time favorite shrimp dishes. I can also vouch for the tasty Hula Bay Burger (it fell apart, but was oh-so-delicious) and the Luau BBQ Pork sandwich.
Had a fine time here for Cinco, and loved their ceviche at first taste at the "Yelptucky Derby" event before coming here, so was armed with a few drink cards which came in handy. Walked next door to a place seemingly called Duke's? They seemed to be owned by the same folks, but due to some strange name fight, it all comes up as Hula Bay, in any case it feels like two different places. Love the food indoor at Hula, and the pool parties, but for a rowdier crowd, the live music and jovial patio seemed more my speed, can't wait to come back and try it again when I have more chill time. Please have a Luau and put a pig in that pit outside. Please!
This place has great food, drinks and atmosphere! Love that it is right on the water and Dude's surfer bar allows dogs.
This is a cute little place on the water. The service here is phenomenal and the workers are very friendly. Good happy hour specials too - certain drafts for $3 and certain apps and sushi rolls for $5. Food here is good as well... Cheesy board, chicken tenders, conch fritters, fried shrimp all very good. Their sushi is okay - not bad but not anything to write home about. The only thing I would not recommend here is the queso, which tasted okay but it had a gloopy, viscous consistency.
Eh it was ok. For a seafood lover you would be in heaven. But for kids or people who don't eat seafood, all you can get it chicken strips. The view is good. But the waiting list needs work. I think they have priority seating for club members, many people came in well after us and were seated first. The wait staff is friendly and courteous. Overall the restaurant is ok, but the food selection for non seafood lovers is very limited.
I really love this place! Met up with a friend for dinner and had a great time. Love the cheesy bread!! Yum! My husband and I split the Tuna Lovers dish but it was pretty small for the price. Service is a bit slow, but the food makes up for it. Wish I lived in the area, because I would definitely be back!
Finally made it here, and they did not disappoint us. Hands down, the best burger I have ever eaten. At a whopping 1/2 pound we decided to split a Hula Bay Burger. My wife and I loved every bite. With Bacon, Teriyaki and garlic spiced beef, grilled pineapple slice and a honey Dijon it was frickin wicked awesome! We chose to also add coleslaw to ours, this was a wise choice. The outside seating was great, as was the service. Parking however was a little too adventurous. I dropped the wife and kids off at the entrance and ended up finding a parking space on the side of the road about an 1/8 of a mile away. If it had been raining I would have not been able to park that close, as I parked perpendicular to the road in the ditch with the back of our suv in the bottom of the ditch. It was worth every foot that I walked to enjoy that burger though. Next time we will go next door to Duke's Retired Surfers Bar and enjoy some live music. Duke's is under the same ownership and serves the same food. Huge fan!
What used to be a fav spot does not have the allure it once had.   It still has a nice View but thats about it. Self-parking is hideous as you have to park 1/5 a mile a way if feels.   Inside is pointless as you're there to sit outside Servers are order takers and do not do much until you ask them. Bread is soaked in butter it seems? The fish sandwiches are not worth the cost.   Fries used to be the best -now they are Just ok Coleslaw the same thing No clearing of plate no "Can i get you anything else?"  just next customer please They allow people to smoke nearby and with the wind it just blows it all In your face.  Nasty! Stay home.
How much do I love Hula Bay? Let me count the ways. Where else in Tampa can you get a great meal in a relaxed atmosphere with a VIEW that Hula Bay offers? Let me help you out: nowhere. That in itself is a shame, really. Walking inside the restaurant, you get a vibe of an upscale Caribbean motif with a dining area and separate bar area featuring tables tops to dine or gather around for drinks. Want to take advantage of the weather and view? Ask to be seated on their large deck with a view of the bay and downtown St. Pete in the distance. The menu really allows Hula Bay to shine (duh, right!) although they don't necessarily HAVE to with the fantastic location/atmosphere. The focus is seafood baskets with a great fresh selection of sushi rolls for those wanting to eat a bit lighter. The burgers and fish/shrimp tacos are also fantastic- I've been fortunate enough to try a bit of everything on the menu and not once have I been disappointed. That is where the review and excitement could end for Hula Bay...but it doesn't. Why not? Because of Duke's Retired Surfers Bar, located directly below and next to Hula Bay. I haven't technically seen any retired surfers yet, but they offer everything Hula Bay does (food, atmosphere, view, etc) with a focus on your party bones. Live music is usually going and they have happy hour specials on drinks and food. It's all outdoors (but covered) and there is a deck lining the outskirts of the uncovered portion. You can also walk out on the docks and look at the yachts you will never be able to afford if you'd like. For a complete time featuring a relaxed dinner with drinks to spice it up, it hardly gets any better to me than Hula Bay & Duke's. My kind of place. P.S. I heard they have some pretty wild pool parties on a certain day of the week during a certain time of the year, but I can't vouch for that as I have never been. Yes, there is a pool- apparently, the property started off in a different direction at one point.
Beautiful views from the patio dining. Reasonable prices and very good food! DH ordered the hamburger with bacon, pineapple, cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato, on a Hawaiian bun and said it was the best burger he's had so far in his life! Nice side of fries came with it. I opted for what I thought would be less messy to eat, chicken tacos. It came with all the fixin's and I assembled them how I liked. They too were very good! Prices right arounf $10 for each of them. I hear their salads are amazing too!
Service is still as consistently awesome as the last times I have been, and the food was yummy as ever. I brought my parents here as well as other people who may be a bit picky with what they eat. They loved it just as much as I do.  You guys are awesome, great view, and pet friendly. This place may be a bit hard to find, but it is totally worth it when you get there.
We always enjoy the food even though the drinks are subpar and it is very loud. We love the location, service and food well enough to occasionally  wait for a table (always a wait, no matter or day). We recently brought out of town family and they were far more impressed than we ever are. Try tacos and seared tuna!
Pretty cool spot to have lunch on the patio because you get to look out on the waterfront and enjoy all of the Tampa goodness! I just tried the smoked fish appetizer which came with tortilla chips, crackers, carrot and celery sticks. It was pretty good, definitely big enough for sharing. I really wanted to try the sushi though because I saw pics on yelp, but I think they only serve it after 4pm. D: The workers were really nice here as well ;p.
I love Hula Bay! It has a fantastic view that is great for enjoying a night out with friends or a date. Great sushi, fun atmosphere too! Make sure to bring some cash for valet and bathroom attendant. It is located right with a downstairs bar that has live music.
A great waterfront view and some good food, easy to miss if you are not looking for it. They have sushi, seafood, burgers, and many other options to choose from for a quite affordable price. The family enjoys the bar there while we spend the day by the ocean. Their California Roll was great and their french fries were pretty crunchy and enjoyable. My Piña colada was a little too watery for my liking, though the other drinks I had there were perfect. Check it out, it's certainly a nice place to lounge about when you want to spend some time just relaxing with some food, drinks, and a nice view.
Okay, it's not 4 starts because of it's fantastic food..though that was fine..or it's luxurious furnishings...high tops and low tops only. It''s 4 stars because when it's 70 degrees or so, very sunny and you have the opportunity to sit on the water in the middle of a marina with the breeze blowing....how could you give it any less?! This is a wonderful spot to take all those family/tourists who come into town and make them green with envy, wondering why the don't live here (I don't know either), or to remind yourself and your friends of one of the real perks to living in Tampa - the water! Oh, and they serve food. There's a decent veggie soft taco that's not on the menu for my fellow vegetarians. My lunch mates seemed happy with the spicy chicken tacos, etc. :)
Holy Bloody Mary! This place has a bartender that works magic with tomato juice, vodka, hot sauce, and green olives. Probably one of the best bloody mary's to date - savory with just the right amount of kick. I dropped by mid Sunday afternoon and sat on their covered patio with a view that would make Picasso cry. It was not overly crowded and had a great laid back vibe. After sucking down my drink, my date and I dined on the grouper bites; huge chunks of fish, lightly battered and served with a key lime tartar. Ummmm....yum! I went with the burger for my dish and this is where I had to take one star away. It was a bit on the bland and dry side and normally, with a patty that large, I want beef juice dripping down my chin. The fries were heaven though. Wide and flat with just the right amount of crispiness. Service was awesome and I will definitely return!
On our first visit we had good service and the food was tasty. Nothing particularly memorable, though, it took us months to go remember to go back. On our second visit, we decided to sit at the bar and have a drink and something light. We never bothered with food because it took the bartender about 5 minutes to notice us sitting there. The only other people at the bar were 2 girls he was flirting with. We finally got our drinks and he went back to flirting. So we ended up just paying for those and leaving. After that poor service, I don't see us heading back again any time soon. There are plenty of great places in Tampa where I'd rather over-pay for my beer. Additionally, the parking situation is embarrassing. If you don't want to pay for valet, you park in the grass next to the train tracks, a good distance from the restaurant.
It's a great place to have dinner and watch the sunset. Service is great, food is good, live band was good.  Highly recommend.
The Hula Bay Club wants to be Duke's on Waikiki, but it simply isn't.  The view is decent, but parking can be a challenge with most of the spaces reserved for people with marina permits.  The food is just average.  If it is a convenient location for you, then it's not bad for a drink after work.  But it definitely is not worth making it a destination to go out of your way for.
I guess if you like horrible food with slow service in a pretty environment then this is the spot for you. They started out with decent quality and i dont know what happened but this place fell off. Cool spot if you are 50-70 and wear Tommy Bahama !
Great waterfront view and a solid burger!  Sushi fans will dig the place too.
My wife and I recently went to Hula Bay for lunch.  I ordered mussels and my wife had chicken tacos.  Her tacos were okay, but my mussels were very cold.  They apologized and brought me another serving, apparently with the same cold cheese bread on top.  The waitress had told me when I ordered that the mussels were her favorite menu item.  She later told me they were having some issues where not all the mussels were opening when served.......not knowing that it is an issue with cooking not defective mussels.  The manager took 25% off the bill, but biting into a cold mussel was just gross!  The sauce was supposed to be a white wine sauce with herbs, but it looked and tasted like Cambell's cream soup with some scallions on top. The view is nice, and I would go back for a drink, but skip the food.
Hula Bay is a little hard to find (we were given directions from a friend, and I half expected them to include, "Talk to the troll under the bridge and answer his three questions..."), but if you can locate it, you will be rewarded with a relaxed atmosphere and some damn fine food. We arrived just after a big rain storm, but Mother Nature held off long enough to let us sit out and have lunch on the lovely deck overlooking the bay. The dining room looked nice too, but the deck, with its pineapple lamps, wicker fans and beautiful views (not to mention the LOUD live music drifting over from Duke's Retired Surfers Island Bar next door) is where it's at. It took a while for our party of four to delve through the large menu. I eventually got the Garlic Shrimp Melt (tasty but heavy for lunch, in a creamy sauce, kind of scampi-esque, and with an unfortunate pool of grease in the middle that I think came from the two pieces of cheese bread that were perched on top initially -- regular bread would have been preferable to sop up the extra sauce). My mom chose grilled fish tacos, which took over the table on two big plates, and she enjoyed them a lot. My brother got BBQ Pork Sliders, also a favorite. Grandma's Coconut shrimp won the award for cutest plating, arriving in an Asian steamer basket. From the cocktail menu I ordered a Lemon Drop Martini, which curiously ended up being not sweet or sour and was thus oddly neutral. For dessert we all split a piece of key lime pie, very tasty but bedecked with a too-limey gelee. The "branding," masses of merch for sale up front and sizable menu made me wonder if this was a chain, but according to the waitress it's a one-and-only. Overall, the food was great and the setting laid back. I think this interaction tells it all: The waitress brought me something, I said thank you and she responded with, "No worries." You're definitely on island time at Hula Bay. Pull up a bar stool, watch the waves and stay for dinner.
What a fun place to come and enjoy the day with some live music!! Checked out Hula Bay on 4th of July weekend and the place had a pretty consistent crowd of people.  I am not too familiar with a sports bar/pool/restaurant/dock for your boat, but I must say it is quite a fabulous idea. The food was really yummy. I enjoyed the fresh oysters and a grilled cheese. The staff is super friendly!! I definitely recommend checking Hula Bay out if you are ever in the area and have some time to lounge out and have fun.
I absolutely love eating here. The food is always fantastic and the view is even better. They have a great happy hour and ladies night (Thursday for ladies night).  The prices are very reasonable even when it is not happy hour. I look forward to eating here on dates with my boyfriend, when its a girls night or when I have family in town and want to take them to a great place with a view. I can't wait to go back.
I am a big fan of good customer service, in fact, it often can make up for a not great meal. In this case, there is good food AND excellent customer service. I've been to Hula Bay quite a few times..almost always get the blackened grouper sandwich, which is always a very nice piece of fish. Today, the blackened seasoning was too heavy on the salt. I was going to eat it anyway, but when the server asked how it was, I was honest. She immediately said she'd have them make a new piece for me....we decided for today, plain grilled might be better. No sooner did she go into the kitchen, than the manager came over to let us know that they would give me a replacement, because they want their customers to be satisfied. A whole new plate soon came out of the kitchen, and the grilled grouper was delicious. I rarely complain about my food, but have noticed that there is a distinct lack of interest on the part of restaurants that customers are completely satisfied. It was refreshing to have a restaurant that heartily invested in customer satisfaction.  (And my husband says his fish tacos were fantastic!!)
It' s nice we can come by boat but that's the only plus here. The food is underwhelming if you can get service at all. The only time we had good service was at the bar. Avoid the sushi at all costs. If you do go, stick to a burger and beer, they can't do too much to that!
Nice place to come via boat, as there are plenty of docks to dock your boat at.  They offer a fair number of beer's on tap, I normally go with Shock top.  Food isn't anything amazing, but you should leave satisfied.  I usually order a chicken sandwich of some sort.  Also, they often will have a live band downstairs.
You can't beat the venue.  I love sunsets over the water and watching the fish swim around the lights in the water with my 4 year old son. The food is really good, though quite expensive.  The atmosphere and wait staff has always been good.  If it were a little cheaper I would give it 5 stars.
Service speed good, noting that is dropped pretty quick once a large group came in - can't fault them for that...just bad timing on my part. If you ask for a fish sandwich and don't like heavy sauce, remember to ask them to not add it.  That said, the blackened group was tasty! Upper deck seating gives a great view of the harbour - lower deck seating view is pretty much blocked - should they do any mods, I'd recommend they replace the wood banister with plexy glass.
I went with some friends and ordered Sushi and tried some of the conch fritters.  The location is beautiful.  The day we went there was a nice cool breeze and it was a lovely evening.  The service was quick and efficient.  The food is nothing amazing or stellar.  It is just alright.  I had the sushi and it was alright but I felt that the roll was cut too thickly and also the shrimp tempura, did not seem like there was any tempura on it.  Also, they sprinkled the sushi with panko crumbs, which were dry and stuck to the back of my throat.  Not the best sensation.  The best part was the dessert, which was quite delicious and nicely done.  That is the main reason I am giving this three stars. Go for the location as the food is so, so.
Hula and Dukes are right next to each other. Dukes is a bar based on a surfer (Duke) way laid back even bring your pooch and watch people and boaters. Grab a beer and listen to the good live band. Although they are a little loud and can be hard to ear if you sit to close. The sunsets here are amazing and you can get some good admiring in of beautiful yachts and also some unique boats such as a boat that is camouflage and looks like a military tank! Cool stuff! The sushi is decent and the bar food is great! So then there's Hula which is a short flight up stairs with indoor/outdoor seating great good and appetizers with the same amazing view as Dukes just below. The staff is great here although sometimes they get very packed so have patience on a weekend or happy hour. They do have valet as a side not bc you can park almost half a mile away when this place gets packed. Keep in mind it's a trio of restaurants mixed with boaters and a boat yard too. Fun spot for family friends dogs and your kiddos!
I have to admit it...  I've always been a little biased against this place.  Not for anything that has ever happened, but because I have missed Rattlefish since they closed and moved out of this location.   I've grown more fond of Hula Bay since, and this last visit sealed the deal for me.  I'm a fan now.  I recommend sitting outside on the deck to take advantage of the nice view of the bay and small marina.   My wife and I started with cocktails.  I had a rum and coke, and she had a pineapple upside-down cake martini.  My drink, as simple as it is, was very good.  Hers wasn't exactly my style (too sweet) but was tasty.  I can highly recommend the Molten Martini appetizer - a pile of fried shrimp tossed in a sauce best described as "buffalo style" served in a large martini glass, with a pretty streak of siracha sauce across the plate, in case you need more spice. Here's where it gets really good.  She had the blackened shrimp tacos, which were good.  I had the crunchy grouper sandwich, which was awesome!  I've had a lot of grouper sandwiches over the years, as they are common on the menus of many Tampa Bay area establishments.  It has literally been years since I've had one as good as what Hula Bay gave me.  We'll start from the outside.  They serve it on a hawaiian style sweet bun, allow you to dress it yourself with onion, tomato, and lettuce, and asked me if I would like tartar sauce before I could ask for it.  Then there's that glorious piece of grouper.  The piece on my sandwich was crunchy fried, but would have been a great piece of fish broiled or blackened.  It was appropriately sized for the bun (it annoys me when the fish is much larger or smaller than the bun), and probably about 3/4 of an inch thick.  It was cooked perfectly, crunchy outside, nice and moist inside, and made for a great sandwich.  I substituted the fries that it comes with for black beans and yellow rice, and there was no up-charge.  Nice touch. I've been here a few times previously, and can't say that I've ever been disappointed by the food or the service.  I've had a few of the appetizers, all were very good, and the sushi, while not very traditional, is good.  This trip was definitely exceptional, the service was prompt, and very friendly, any requests were taken care of like they actually cared.  That's something that doesn't happen nearly enough in our outings.  We'll definitely be back, hopefully more often than we have been going. By the way, Duke's bar next door is fun (especially when they have live music) if you don't mind huge crowds.
Nice place but sort of pricey. Go down to dukes and listen to the live bands. Great views and cold beer.
Good food but a little pricey which is to be expected on the water. All in all it's a fun place to go have drinks and grab a burger! I normally eat downstairs at Dukes. You just can't beat the water front view!
Pretty good food. The grouper sandwich was good. The sushi was good. The citrus salad is excellent. Decent setting with a view of the bay (mostly yachts). Good service
We had a great time at Hula Bay.  After boating to the restaurant and docking for free in front, we had a great lunch and the kids adored the two-man band playing guitar and the steel drum. The Mahi-mahi sandwich was great.  I'll get it again on our next trip.
I stopped in on a Sunday evening by myself. I was greeted warmly, seated immediately, and a waitress was right over to take my drink order. She asked me if I needed any help or had any questions about the menu and then gave me some time to look over to see what I wanted to start with. I had the volcano martini which was fabulous. For my meal I had the Manhattan tempura roll. Also fabulous. The sushi was fresh and satisfying. I'll definitely be back again for some of their lobster dishes which looked amazing.
I love 3 things about the Hula Bay Club: 1) I get to order sushi and seaweed or green salad and my husband gets to order traditional American food, which is what we both want and it's difficult to  find one restaurant that serves both and does them both equally well.  2) we can decide when we arrive whether we prefer to sit indoors or out.  3) they often have live music in evenings.
I went to Hula Bay with a group of 8 and we were initially told that it would be about an hour and a half wait. However they were able to get us in within 20-30 minutes. That is pretty much where the good ends. I ordered sushi there because they seemed to have some fairly unique rolls. Was not impressed at all with freshness or flavor. The waitress also did not refill any drinks until 2 of my friends had to flag her down to get a refill on beers. We sat there for at least 45 minutes with dishes partially cleared and still no bill. I will say that at least it is a great view but if you are coming here expecting quality service or decent food look elsewhere.
No where else this side of the bay you can find a pool bar and more. Great drink specials. Live music and awesome seafood selection. Just disappointed we didn't find it earlier.
Nothing to spectacular. I could get this kind of food closer to home. Water front view was on obstructed by the tall railing. It faces south so you don't see the sun set in the evening.
The only reason I would ever go back is to enjoy the view off the back deck. The food and service are mediocre at best. Everything tastes mass produced. And $8 for bottled beer. Really? Most importantly, the only way to have a conversation with your dinner mates is to scream at each other over the absurdly loud music from the affiliated bar next door. There are too many places in Tampa Bay with great food and atmosphere to waste your time and money here.
Hula Bay Club has great food, professional and friendly staff, and a casual, yet sophisticated beach ambiance. Unless you want to walk to the restaurant ( and most of us ladies in high heels don't ) take advantage of the valet. There's no charge, just tip.
We love Duke's Retired Surfer bar which is right next door to Hula Bay Club and serves the same food. We have so many favorite items on the menu it's really tough to choose when we come in, which is at least once a week!! We like the happy hour specials as we usually eat early anyway, and don't mind a small bill at the end. Super ambiance on the patio, beautiful sunsets and right in our neighborhood. The sushi is quite good and always fresh and beautifully plated plus the servers are always tops, especially the ones that know us. We tell everyone about this gem, and have brought friends with us to experience a lovely evening on Tampa Bay.
Hula Bay is a great place to sit on the waterfront patio for cocktails and Americana fare plus decent sushi.  I recently heard they do Sunday brunch, so I had to check it out.  The Bloody Marys are great.  I had the Shrimp and Grits - which had nicely cooked, blackened seasoned shrimp (although on the small side), some mild Andouille sausage, peppers and onions on a gigantic bowl of grits.  They could have served me half the amount of grits and it still would have been a humongous portion!  My friend had the Deep South Shrimp Hash - which was unlike any hash I have ever seen - it was a gigantic vat of deep fried potatoes with toppings.  But it was tasty.  So if you're into waterfront views, good service, decent food and enormous brunch portions - check out Hula Bay.
After writing roughly sixty reviews on Yelp, this is the second time I've given a place only one star. A friend and I went down for happy hour on a weekday. After driving all the way there (from Downtown), we were told by the bartender to sit wherever because there was no hostess on duty. After sitting on the back deck for about ten minutes, we finally grabbed a waitress from a neighboring table to ask for menus. They were brought to us within five minutes, however she didn't attempt to take our drink order. After sitting for another twenty minutes (and flagging down another waiter to no avail), we finally left, hungry and thirsty. I don't plan on visiting this place again anytime soon, but if I do, I hope to write about a better experience.
Ate here for lunch yesterday. Good service. Bad part is that myself, my brother, and father all had Grouper and tarter sauce from here and have been sick all night with food poisoning. Spewing out of both ends.
The crab cakes and shrimp quesadillas!!!!
View is great.  Beer is cold.  Oysters small and thin.  Total rip off for $16 a dozen.
Excellent happy hour locale - the view doesn't get better than this!  Food is usually pretty decent, but seems to be sliding the wrong way the last few times I've been.
Great view and good service. Food was good, nothing mind blowing. Reasonably priced and tons of options. If you are looking for a quiet place to eat I recommend eating inside--outside was loud due to bar next door. I would come back.
Great menu, great service, great food, great view.  One of too few places you can go to by boat on Tampa Bay.  Pet friendly.  We listened to a live band at Dukes on a Sunday afternoon.
This place is very average. Food is similar to what you would get at a chain, mojito was overly sweet, music was awful and loud, and servers were below average. Our waiter was fine but there was one girl with basically underwear for shorts and another guy whose shirt had stains all over.
great place to stop in by boat.  I've found the food to be good, i tend to lean towards the burgers here which sounds simple but they are very good.
First things first.. The other reviews on here are totally misleading in our opinion. We walked in were greeted by the hostess and promptly sat down at a large booth. Dean-O ((or Dino)) was our waiter.. and was Very friendly and Very attentive. He asked us if it was our first time visiting ((which it was)) so he showed us the different sections of their pretty large menu. We decided on the crab cake appetizer and our 6 year old requested a small Caesar Salad. Both were delicious! The crab cakes came with some very tasty sauces.. and the size of the Small salad was impressive! For our meals.. one of our sons got the fried chicken tenders and the other had an order of fried shrimp. Both of which were VERY good and VERY large portions. We each got a burger. I got the Wipeout and she decided on the 5-0. They are HUGE burgers. The only complaint was that they were a little overcooked, and could have used more blue cheese on mine and jalapeno's on hers. But other then that they were very good. She got the potato cakes instead of fries. Turned out to be a nice switch from the norm. And to top of a great experience we found out they give a 15% Military discount and a 25% Military discount on Tuesdays!!!!! AWESOME. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone, and if you get Dino as your waiter there is NO way you will be disappointed.
The worst service I have ever experience of my life. The food was below avg. which I am fine with but when I have to wait literally and hour and some for the below avg food that upsets me. i walked in when only about 10 people were here and saw people walk in 30 mins after me receive there food. I will not be back and like I said if this was a world renown dinning experience then maybe but not for hula bay. The waitress never even came to the table to explain to us what the hold up was. I'm not mad I'm disappointed!
This place was awesome.  5 of us in our group and everyone left happy and full. Blacked Grouper. Coconut shrimp. I forget the rest (it was last week...) but a great experience. Brittany was our server, she knew the menu well and was great help.  We will go back on our next visit to Tampa.
great time. very relaxing. food was good and the bartenders were nice. The oysters were pretty good too... i had the blackened grouper sandwich- a bit dry but nothing some ketchup couldn't fix. :-) I will def come back here especially in the summer- great atmosphere!
A solid lunch place. The waiter was super attentive and my pulled pork sandwich was solid.
Nice chill bar right on the water.  cold beer, plenty of drinks on the menu.  My only gripe....palmetto bugs running across the bar.
Great live music and drinks. Also if you have a hard time deciding, get the shrimp tacos, they are amazing. Make sure to start off with the coconut shrimp.
The food isn't great and the service is spotty.  It's nice that the nice restaurant is on the water, but there are definitely other more scenic places to dine in Tampa.
The staff was awesome and food was great. Mahi tacos were fantastic. I left something at the table and the waiter went out of his way to find me. The key lime pie and shrimp martini were also good.
Great food and atmosphere.  It is tucked away back behind the boat storage area but truly worth giving this place a visit.
Went here to meet some friends and pleasantly surprised after reading some mixed reviews. Conch fritters and fish tacos were great. Waitress was very friendly and band was one I would come listen to again. Definitely coming back here again.
The most amazing fresh sushi I've ever had. We drive miles for Hula Bay. Great atmosphere and food!!!
The blackened grouper or Mahi fish sandwich is the best I've had.
Great atmosphere, great food. Order seafood. Make sure you ask to sit outside!
Disappointing! The food is mediocre at best and the drinks were weak and overpriced. The oysters were super small....had to put 3-4 oysters on each cracker and it barely covered it. Ridiculous for what you pay per dozen. Another disaapointing seafood joint in Tampa.
If you ever get on a boat in tampa bay, stop by hula bay.  The view is great, atmosphere is laid back, the crowd is diverse, def. something for everyone.  The food was better than average, service pretty good considering how crowded it was.  It is loud though, don't go expecting any conversation.
We sat in the Dukes Bar area. Great view of the harbor, great service, good menu. They had an acoustic style band playing that was really good and the volume was set so you could actually talk to your table. Really great place and we will be back.
I had dinner with my family and close friends at Hula Bay. I am so sorry to say I won't again. With an understanding of how a first come first serve works, our party waited for over an hour without complaint. After being seated, our table ordered our drinks and food.Our drinks were so empty, they became thirsty themselves . I was so OVER it by the time the food got there I can't remember the taste of it, nor can my family.  Due to the fact our food came out at different times some of us didn't get a chance to even eat!! There are to many places in the Tampa area that we will go AND tell other people to go too. Thanks to Hula Bay I know the experience I DON'T want me or my family and friends to EVER have again.
Bar on the water in south Tampa. This place us great for grabbing dinner and watching sunset over tampa bay. Tons of outdoor seating
There is a large selection of meals that range from tacos to sushi.  I ordered the chicken tacos with a side of wasai mashed potaotes.  It was great and had leftovers for lunch.  It was a beuatiful day out so we were able to sit outside and watch the boats.  The fans above helped us stay "cool".
We went here with a party of six on a busy saturday night. Our server was Jolene and she was AWESOME. Very friendly & knowledgable. Kind of loud music, can be hard to hear. Food was good and came out hot. Plan on going back!
First off let me point out that place has one of the best views in Tampa Bay, coupled with a wait staff that rivals any Hooters I've ever been to BUT, that's where it starts to go down hill. I went with a co- worker there for lunch yesterday and we were there at roughly 11:15 am and we were one of the firsts there. We sit out on the patio area to take advantage of the beautiful day, the server came over and took our drink orders promptly and we were given our menus. There menu has lots of glossy pics and looks very appetizing hence why I chose to go with the sushi that looked so delicious, my colleague went for the huge Hula Burger and fries. Food arrived in roughly 20-25 mins which wasn't very conducive for a quick lunch if you are looking for such, when it arrived it looked great with very sizable portions. I began to eat my sushi and after about two or so pieces I noticed an odd taste that I picked up and it being a California roll I assumed that maybe it was just something on the plate or in the soy sauce...... but after picking up another piece and eating it to taste the same flavor I decided to pick apart the roll. Man how I wish I hadn't done that, i found that I had just consumed 4 pieces of sushi that contained CLEARLY rotted avocado chunks, They were black! So I immediately ceased the lunch consumption and set in on pushing away the uneasy feeling that my brain was causing my stomach. I notified the waitress that she might want to tell the sushi chef or (Line Cook) that they might not want to serve any more of that sushi before checking its freshness, who goes "Oh that's not Good" and quickly sweeps my plate away and quickly returns with our bills? OK so I am the first to say that I hate complainers and people who are looking to get a free meal BUT when food is clearly unsat and your customer has CONSUMED that nasty mess the least you could do is APOLOGIZE and take the bad food off the bill. Well this didn't happen and being that I don't like confrontation in public I decided to just pay and shuffle this experience back in the ol mental rolodex. On a good note I tried my buddies potato chip fries that were served with his burger and they were very tasty and the burger was very large and was said to have been very delicious. So in closing, Would I go back?... Absolutely since the sites both in the restaurant ( Waitresses) and outside the restaurant (Tampa Bay) were spectacular and its close to the base! I just wont be looking for culinary (or definitely not sushi for that matter )excellence.
So one night I was craving myself some Fish and Chips! Oh ya, right down the street from me there's his place! Boo Ya I drive right on up and go on in. The inside is quite nice. Very dim.... Lots of TV's, wall-mounted..... Seems like the place to be. I sat inside but I could see that there was some nice outdoor seating. So I ordered up my fish and chips and watched some sports. Meh not really my thing but its that or watch people, but that gets weird when there's not a whole lot of ppl in the bldg to watch. People sometimes get the wrong idea. So the food comes out and I dig in. Well, red lobster has fooled me on this cause I wasn't looking at a basket of fried fishy pieces. It was a fish body, beer-battered and fried. Ugh, we'll I ate it. It was good. Nothing to write home about. But certainly something for yelp! I got some steak fries and asparagus with it. Asparagus was a little limp but I should have known not to order asparagus in a place like that...Again it was ok.... I bet it would have tasted better if I had a couple beers in me but whatev. Taught me I had been accustomed to fish sticks and not the real thing!
We live just a mile away and have been meaning to eat here ever since the old Rattlefish restaurant that was at this location closed.  (5 years ago?  who knows)  We finally made it on a very busy fathers day so the kitchen did seem a little slow, but our food was worth the wait.  I had  the "Paradise" sushi roll (tempura shrimp, crab, cream cheese and asparagus) and my husband had the Chicken Katsu.  He has been looking for good Chicken Katsu since we left Hawaii in '01 and the search is finally over.  Both of these followed the excellent Divers Scallops appetizer.  They have a good draft beer selection and I was tempted to follow the superb Key Lime Martini with a second-but one was plenty for a Sunday evening.  Like most Florida restaurants the indoor seating is over-air conditioned so take a sweater.  The outdoor seating is comfy-but very popular.  Expect a wait to be seated outside during  the weekend dinner rush.  Our server, Rosario, was warm, efficient, and helpful.  Valet parking in what is essentially an industrial/boat storage/marina area is a bit silly-but it is a growing trend in the Tampa area.  I'd say the food is a 3+ but the waterfront location and bar kick it up to a 4.
Awful institution. The bartenders are completely unfriendly and are rude about getting drinks. Even after ordering the first round of drinks, the same bartender proceeded to card us each subsequent time and wouldn't serve us until my boyfriend, who went to the bathroom, produced his ID. Then, he was completely unfriendly and the supervisor came over to make sure he had his ID on him. Everything about this institution screams inadequate. They should be shut down.
This weekend we held my wife's 50th Birthday Party at Hula Bay.  The staff went out of their way to make it a truly special occasion for the 40+ guests in attendance.  You could not ask for a more perfect place...especially with the beautiful bay backdrop.  Most importantly, the food (a la carte menu) and the service was excellent! The My wife, family, and friends truly enjoyed themselves.  Without question I strongly recommend the dining and great beer/wine.
My boyfriend and I visited the Hula Bay Club on what would probably be considered "off hours" of 2:30 PM on a Tuesday, which was his day off.  It's been my experience that no matter what the hour of the day, the food should still be good and fresh.  The food was AWFUL.  The fried shrimp had obviously been sitting there since the lunch hour (it was hard and came out within less than 5 minutes of ordering - a red flag), the clams were saturated in a lemon sauce and they were the size of dimes.  Yuk.  My boyfriend got the mahi sandwich and said it was way over-spiced.  The only good thing were the scallops which, at only 4, were ridiculously priced.  I will give props for the atmosphere but you really can't go wrong when you're on the water.  Overall, won't be back.  What a disappointment!
My last night on a business trip brought me to Tampa. I wanted some good fresh seafood with a view of the water. I went here and lo, my wish was granted. I came on a Tuesday night, the place was busy, but got a seat right away on the patio overlooking the bay and the marina. Rick, my waiter was there within a minute of my seating. While I just ordered water, there looked to be an extensive drink menu. The food menu had fried, grilled, and blackened options. I chose a blackened Mahi in a lemony butter shrimp and crab cream sauce. It was excellent, as was the service. I wrapped it up with a perfectly presented cup of cappuccino. The price was in line with the quality of the food and location. I was not looking for quantity, but quality. They had fried "fisherman's platters" if that is what you want as well. An observation more than a complaint was where I sat (and I chose it) was in the dark. I used my phone to see the menu. A few accent lights sprinkled around the patio would help things. I will definitely go back.
Mixed review.  5 stars for the atmosphere.  3 stars for the food/service.  Averaging it out at 4 stars. This place truly has a magnificent view.  It is a wonderful spot to enjoy a sunset on the water while sipping on delicious cocktails. The service was slow the day I was there.  Granted we were in a big party, but it took a while to get our drinks and what not.  The food was okay.  Not great, not bad.  Some of it was not super flavorful, however, the fried appetizers were quite delicious.  I have been here in the past and have enjoyed the sushi. This will still remain a spot that is on the top of my list for atmosphere.  There is also a swimming pool that is quite fun on the weekends.
A really fun place to hang out, typical bar on the water setting. Tends to be a bit crowded, but maybe that's just because of the times that I am visiting. The food is a bit overpriced for what it is - lots of different types of friend seafood and carbs. Overall, an enjoyable atmosphere but not something that I crave!
We enjoyed a great and relaxing lunch on the dock. It was a beautiful day and we wanted to be outside, so we decided to try Hula Bay!  Between the 10 of us, we had shrimp tacos, magi tacos, burgers, chicken fingers, tuna, smoked fish dip. Everything was very good and tasty. We will definitely be back. On another note, we just went to a fundraiser Thursday night benefiting the Boys & Girls Clubs. They were there with tons of sushi for everyone. It was great to see a local business giving back to the community. Way to go, Hula Bay!
The views here are beautiful! They have a deck downstairs with live music on the weekends. It's nice to relax and watch the boats set sail. It can get loud down on the deck so of you want something quieter, I would suggest sitting in the fancy main dining room. I had a salmon salad which was good, but lacked flavor. It was a salad though, they're just bland period. Dez was our server and she was excellent! Very attentive and even gave my friend another drink when he said he didn't care for the strawberry mojito. I checked in on yelp for a free drink but it's only valid on well drinks and draft beers. Hula Bay provides a great atmosphere for a date and a chill casual time. Ill come back.
Sushi was awesome and the sliders were very tasty and filling.  Our waitress was very fun and attentive even thought it was a busy Friday night :-)  Check in here and you can get a free glass of wine, beer or mixed drink!
Great choice for outdoor dockside dining in the area. I went with their Chicken Hula Bay sandwich which was a garlic teriyaki chicken with honey dijon sauce, swiss and grilled pineapple. I thought the flavors were interesting together and I would order it again.The menu is plentiful and even the pickiest eaters would be able to find something between the sushi and classic american options. Atmosphere was casual, staff was attentive.   Nice place to grab drinks and watch the sunset.
An amazing view awaits you at this waterfront restaurant! The food is fantastic. I ordered the burger and fries, one of my usuals. I love to compare and contrast my burgers. :) This burger was cooked to perfection, juicy, and had a wonderful flavor! There is a check in offer for a free drink on Yelp and they also have a check in offer on Foursquare for another free alcoholic beverage. The margarita was killer and I loved it! My friends were with me and they enjoyed their meals too! The bathrooms were clean and the service was spectacular. Thanks for a great visit!
The location is great, and you can usually get a table quickly, but the food and drink are not great. I recommend this plae for people who care more about sitting by the water than about good food.  Don't get me wrong.  The food is fine.  It's just mostly fried and oily.  I have tried the pork tacos, and they are okay, but you'd do better getting tacos at TacoSon or Acupulco.  I've tried some of their fried seafood, and it was all greasy.  They could do better. Drinks are cheap, and, accordingly, they use fake mixers and water things down.  Again, nothing was horrible, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to get a drink at Hula Bay.
It's Sunday afternoon and you find yourself aimlessly driving around Tampa, wanting to find a nice spot on the water to relax and have a drink. This is your place. It's easy to spend a lot longer here than you intended, just watching the boats come in and out of the marina. I don't have much to say about the food here (not sure if I have ever actually eaten here -- lush) and I usually end up at the downstairs bar, Duke's. Don't be fooled by the parking situation... it always looks like it's packed since there are cars lined up all over the street, but I find that's usually not the case. I think most of the spots in the parking lot are taken early by boaters using the marina, so Hula Bay customers end up parking along the street. P.S. Currently have a Yelp check-in deal for one free drink! P.P.S. They have a pool here which used to be overtaken by STDs (South Tampa Douchebags) but from what I can tell from my most recent visit this is no longer a hot spot.
Great ambiance and pretty good food.  The service was okay, but it was pretty busy on a Sunday afternoon.  This place is very hidden, but easy to find.  It's a nice seafood waterside restaurant!
Tacos are so good, highly recommended and  server Nikki was  even better with her help with menu n suggestions
I still come here often and I'll continue to come here as I love the location, but I hope my experience last night isn't a sign of things going downhill. My girlfriend and I stopped by last night for a couple drinks and some food. We ordered drinks, wings as an app and a couple burgers as entrees. The drinks came right out and the server was friendly, but that's all that came out for awhile. About 30 minutes later our wings came out. Some guy literally dropped the plate on the table and walked away without a word. We were going to ask for more napkins, but that wasn't going to happen. The wings were ok, but not as good as I remember them, plus they had a slight fishy aftertaste, which I'm assuming is from the oil. So, after a 30 minute wait for any food, we got our wings and wouldn't you know it...2 minutes later our entrees arrived. Just as we finished our first wing. So now our burgers were sitting there getting cold as we tried to finish our wings quickly. The burgers were good, but they were smaller than I remember. Also, we both ordered medium rare and they were both almost medium well. The sides were good and I do appreciate that they offer quite a few healthy options to replace the fries. The hostess, Taffy is her name I think, was also really nice. She took it upon herself to clean a high top for us while we waited and we were grateful for that. All in all, Hula Bay is what it is. I'm starting to think of it like another Rick's on the River, but with more sophisticated food. You never know what the service is going to be like, the drinks aren't consistent, and the food has it's ups and downs, but I'll continue to go because the views are spectacular and the atmosphere is always fun.
Stopped here today with some out-of-town family for a few beers. Perfect place right on the water with an awesome patio and a beautiful view. I have eaten here before and the food was delicious, too.
The first time I went here, the food was good but the service was terrible. The location is fantastic so I decided to give it another try. The service was absolutely horrendous and the food was even worse. I will never return. I tried very hard to like this place.
This is a really cool spot and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The food was great, but it was pricey. I guess that is the price for eating at this venue. I had the grouper sandwich and my son had the beach tacos with mahi.. Both were fresh and delicious. The have a great menu. For appetizers that slider are "spot on" and the macadamia encrusted shrimp... Unbelievable! Really cool spot to overlook the bay, listen to beach music, and just chill.
What a treat! After having moved to the Tampa Bay area a little over two weeks ago, I took my girlfriend who I met in Seattle to the Hula Bay Club for some appetizers. We went during the week, so we didn't get to witness the full potential of the establishment when they have the outside pool going and full of locals, so I could only rate 4 stars for now. However, it was worth our 24 mile drive from Indian Rocks Beach. I ordered the Local Smoked Fish dip and my girlfriend ordered the Island Shrimp for appetizers. Additionally, I had a Long Island Iced Tea and she had the Smirnoff Pineapple, both of which was done right. The service was great as we sat on the back patio overlooking the small marina. We will definitely return. The atmosphere is that of a relaxed vibe with a Hawaiian theme. Maybe next time we'll have a full course meal, but even going for appetizers and drinks made for a nice part of the afternoon.
Drive up the boat and park her dockside...They just remodeled their outdoor bar with more seating along the waterfront!  They have 5-top tables now where they used to only have a single bar along the waterfront, makes for a more enjoyable face-to-face dining/drinking experience rather than the old side by side bar type arrangement.   The grouper bites are great and any fish item on the menu is tasty, I preferred the blackened grouper fish sandwich.  This is a must stop for any bar-hopping boating adventure!
Fantastic place for Sunday brunch! They do not have many choices, but they have all the brunch staples: Shrimp and Grits, Omelets, Eggs Benedict, and Chicken and Waffles! I got the Shrimp and Grits and they were fantastic.  The Shrimp had a nice kick to it.  Although even though it says it comes with Texas toast, I'm from Texas, it just comes with toast. My fiance had the Chicken and Waffles and loved them.  When the plate came a person at another table said they wished they had gotten that.  It comes with candied pecans and is absolutely delicious.   I would definitely come back here for brunch.
Great place on the water, with a beautiful view. They have live music on the weekends, and a few TVs around the bar. Food is great. My only complaint is that the service is a little slow.
Best part of my trip to Tampa. Outdoor patio. Stunning views. Sensational bar staff. Im a huge fan! Hula Love!
Parking is a well-known frustration.   Be extra careful when approaching the entrance.  I nearly stepped into the path of a Valet driver moving a vehicle too fast and in reverse! There's a hole in the wood flooring across from the hostess station.  It's patched with napkins and cleverly hidden by a rug, but dangerous, nonetheless.  I backed into the hole wearing tall shoes, mentioned the hazard to the hostess and expected to see a better solution when I left.  Whatever, I guess there's liability insurance to cover. We were in a party of six. First time. Definitely kid friendly based on noise level. Service was slow except for the one waitress we saw running. Gluten free choices were not easy to identify. Island shrimp...over fried, but Yum. Salads and fish sandwiches were nice and fresh. Two of three salad entrees were incorrectly prepared. Two of our three checks were incorrectly prepared. Server was pleasant and appreciated.
Great waterfront atmosphere. Friendly, charming staff. Extensive menu with just about everything. Favorites: peel n eat shrimp and key lime pie
Come for the sunset and drink the night away at Duke's.  The menu is so well varied that you'll be hard pressed to get bored.   The burgers are exactly what you want; meaty,  flavor erupting,  body satiating,  and you get even get fries!  The atmosphere is so laid back.  I've seen dogs at the bar,  looking very relaxed.   As with anywhere, the service is hit and miss.  It's an individual thing but I've not had a bad experience.   Parking does go way out into some foreign place but if you ride your motorcycle you'll always get to park right by the door.   Oh, and did I mention they have great sushi,  and they do a decent brunch.
We stopped here for lunch after we got off our cruise ship in hopes to continue that "vacation" feel. We sat outside on the deck of the main restaurant. The service was awful. My margarita was one of the worst I had ever had. It was served in a regular glass, no salt when I asked for extra, was watered down, and tasted like straight crappy mixer. Our food took a long time considering the 4 tables that were dining. I ordered the tacos, I wanted extra pico and sour cream. The waitress never came back to check on us after she took our order. Sadly, we live 5 min away and We won't be back.
Love this place for afternoon drinks and snacks and also for Sunday brunch and weeknight dinners! The sushi is really good and fresh, I also live the martinis. If you love to sit by the water and eat good food this is the place to be!!
Man, where to start?  I have such mixed feelings about how to write this review because there was a lot of good, and a lot bad with our experience here yesterday.  Everyone likes drama, so let me start with the bad. My chica's sister done got married and is moving to Hawaii, so the thought process was to have their farewell party here since it's Hawaiian-themed.  We reserved two canopy spots by the pool from 12-6PM and had a party of 30.  There were two bartenders manning the bar, and our first problem was one bartender's attitude.  It was painfully obvious that this woman did not want to be working, or at least didn't want to be working the pool bar.  She was forgetful in taking orders, rude and short with most of the people in our party.  At one point, she told a friend of mine who was reiterating someone else's order, "I'm not talking to you.  I'm talking to her."  I also overheard a co-worker ask her how long she was working, to which she unhappily replied, "Whenever this party is over, I guess."  I mean seriously, fire this bitch and send her back to what ever miserable state she moved her from.  Terrible, terrible customer service skills.  We got tired of her shit, and focused on ordering via the other bartender, Hilary, who was awesome, friendly, pleasant and had the short-term memory necessary to remember drink orders.  If it wasn't for her, we might have taken our party of 30 elsewhere.  In fact, it took some convincing at one point for us to get the party girl to stay.  She was ready to relocate her party to another restaurant. Second roadblock was that the pool bar wasn't capable of "making all of the same drinks that can be made inside the restaurant."  On several occasions, folks wanted a frozen drink, at which time they were denied.  So, we had to keep closing our tabs, walking inside, waiting at THAT bar, order frozen drinks, close that tab, go back outside and re-open the pool bar tab.  Seriously, how much does a damn commercial blender cost?  Pain in the fucking ass. Third issue, no bathroom at the pool.  Go inside to use the bathroom?  Nope, it's not permitted if you're wearing a bathing suit.  Ummm, OK.  Guess we will pee in the pool.   Fourth and final gripe, the parking situation here is beyond terrible.  One person in our group did the valet, but everyone else had to literally park a quarter mile down the street on the side of the road.  WTF kind of place doesn't have it's own adequate parking?  If you're in the SOG one day, just drive down Tyson and you'll see what I'm talking about.  It's ridiculous. The good in my review is atmosphere and food.  I've got to say, it's a nice place.  Multiple experiences are waiting to happen, depending on whether people eat inside, outside, down at Duke's or by the pool.  So for that, Hula Bay gets props.  As for the food, we ordered quite a bit and two items stand out.  The burger, which is a little small for the price, but big on flame-grilled flavor.  It's up there with some of the best in the bay.  The other is the kickin' shrimp dish, which is described as "Half pound of shrimp sautéed in in BBQ style butter with garlic and Kona Beer, served with cheese bread for dipping."  This might have become my favortire shrimp dish in the world.  Only thing I'd do differently is order a side of the yellow rice and dump it in there to mix in with that delicious sauce. So because of the good and bad here and the fact that I cannot give a 2.5, I'm going with a very LIBERAL 3 star rating.  We all work hard for our money, and we can choose any place in Tampa to spend that money, so if we land on the shore of your establishment, we should receive some thankful customer service, good food, a proper parking spot and a place to piss.  Hula Bay disappointed us and most of our party, and despite the good food and great customer service from one of the two bartenders, I will never return.
Went there last Sunday. We arrived by boat around noon and had no problems docking it. Four of us sat at Duke's retired surfers part of the establishment. Right by the water. We were only planning on drinks, but lovely smells have convinced us to stay for brunch. I'm so happy that we did! Two of us ordered chicken and waffles and the other two eggs Benedict. Our food arrived promptly and everything was delicious! My waffle was perfectly cooked and had the right amount if gravy and walnuts. Chicken was very good too. I dipped my pieces into maple syrup. What I hear, eggs Benedict were perfect too. I'll definitely come back again!
Loved it! Sweet staff, amazing view, food was great and the price was right. Off the beaten path but worth it.
Three stars for the bartenders. Dana is amazing! The drinks, waterfront deck, and atmosphere were great. The service and food was awful. It took twenty minutes, after being sat, for our orders to be taken. The only apology we received was a complimentary order of soggy chips and tostitos salsa. Overly battered shrimp and fish. My boyfriend ordered the hula burger, which I am pretty sure took a few laps in the teriyaki pool before being cooked. It was overwhelmingly rich. Regardless, the rating is for the bartenders, who know how to pour a wonderful cocktail. Will return for drinks and location only, not for the food or table service.
Loved it! First off, Hula Bay was so generous to give me $200 in vouchers as part of the YELPtucky Derby contest. That's a lot of free food! I am exceptionally broke right now, so I probably wouldn't be dining out otherwise, and I'm glad I had the opportunity to come here. I like the whole concept, laid back outside but kind of nice inside. I didn't know it was dog-friendly outside, so next time I will bring the pupper. Anyways, we ordered a heck of a lot of food and it was all great, albeit a little over-seasoned and salty, but good. I highly recommend the Kapalua Grill seafood plate... skewered shrimp, crab cakes and scallops all together? Yum! We also ordered two desserts... the rum-soaked banana bread and key lime pie. I can't believe I ate so much in one sitting! The service was also good. Our server in particular was very polite and helpful. Like I said, I will certainly be back and next time I'll bring my dog for sure. See ya soon.
Hula Bay Club is located at the end of a small road next to the marina and parking is challenging on the weekend. Seating is ample and open, indoors and out, and the view is fantastic. The staff is very friendly and helpful and your meal comes out reasonably quick. I had the 1/2 lb burger and it was great, more than enough food on its own. Our waitress Velvet was awesome, she was quick to refill drinks and get us what we needed. The price was reasonable and Of course there's Dukes bar next door for keeping the party going. Over all a great meal at a great price, nice surroundings and cheerful staff.
Just average. You go for the view, not the food. We went for brunch. I had the traditional Benedict's and added spinach. Muffins were slightly burnt, eggs slightly over cooked. They came with a potato bake type side. Very bland and overdone. I should have gotten the sushi. I've had that before and it was pretty good. Also had a Bloody Mary. Very average. But you have a good view of boats coming and going. I suggest going for happy hour, not food.
This wasn't my first time eating at Hula Bay but I realized I hadn't previously reviewed it. We went on a Friday night. As we pulled closer, we almost turned around because cars were parked outside of the building all along Tyson Ave.  I really worried it was going to be slammed.   I pulled my husband up to the front to check on the wait. 30 mins for outside overlooking the water and no wait inside.  We definitely wanted outside and 30 mins didn't sound too bad.     Perfect for a cocktail on the water until our table was called.  What I didn't realize was that valet was free and they just work on tips so there is no need to park all the way down Tyson. I entered and ordered two mojitos.  The first two were absolutely perfect. Not too sweet, which is usually why I don't order them often.  They were refreshing on this balmy evening. We bellied up to the outside dock area overlooking the water and the yachts.  No more than 15 mins, our table was called. Sitting outside feels like you are on vacation.  I know,  I live here. I live on the water actually but there is something about a refreshing mojito, conch fritters and a water view that transports the end of the week into something sublime. Onto the food - we ordered a perfectly cooked batch of conch fritters. Crisp, great sauce & lots of the chewy bits of goodness. For dinner I ordered a side chopped salad.  Very fresh and packed with avocado, black olives, feta cheese and a citrus vinaigrette.  It was almost like a tropical greek salad if that makes sense.  I also tacked on an order of perfectly seared scallops.  4 large plump scallops in a very tasty but not overpowering sauce. This was an appetizer but I made it my dinner with the side salad. It was more than enough and I didn't feel overly guilty. My husband ordered grouper grilled with a mango salsa and a side of fries.  The grouper was real and cooked very well.  Usually restaurants have a tendency to overcook fish and it gets dry. It wasn't the case here which was perfect.  His fries were massive hand cut potato spears doused with olive oil and sea salt.  I would lie if I said I wasn't eyeing them all evening.  There wasn't a bite left on his place. We ordered two more mojitos during dinner and they tasted a bit sweeter.  They weren't as perfect as the first two so it seems someone else made them but they were still very refreshing. All of the food around us looked good and fresh and I will definitely be back soon and try some of their other items.
Fun place to kick back and relax. Our relatives took us during late afternoon so it was really nice to see the sun set while having dinner. Sushi here is amazing.
We went there for the first time on Saturday and location was great, food was so-so, restaurant crowd was a mixture of locals and possibly visitors. There is a pool as part of the club and the day I was there, it looked like a Jersey Shore type crowd. Valet guy did say it's normally not busy at the pool but from the looks of it that day, I doubt I would trek there to take my family for a dip in their pool. I would just go for the location which was fun. Other than that, nothing to write home about.
I've been here quite a few times.  Initially when the place was pretty new, my perception was that this was a place full of pretentious, meat-market like folks, but I think after a while and the pool/cabana area got it's act together, it seems a little more laid back and fun than my original thoughts. The food is good, even the sushi - I'm a tough critic on the sushi and this place is pretty darn good. The service has always been good for us. The drinks have always been good for us. If you want some live music, Dick's is just a few steps away, you can move between the 2 sections, eat inside or out, arrive by boat..... An all around great spot on the water in Tampa.
The only thing going for this place is the view and maybe the bar next door. One hour wait for a table plus a one hour wait for over-priced, lack luster sushi. I ordered a Maui sushi roll - it had about a quarter of an ounce of tuna in the whole roll!!!!
The view and tropical drinks are a nice way to relax and feel like you're on vacation. See more info & photos on my food blog: floridafoodlover.com/201…
