I am a long time customer of The Lodge. I first went to the Tampa Palms location back when it was just Ciccio's. If you are visiting TPalms or South Howard go here. It's the only bar on that strip that actually has good food. Awesome American Sushi I don't know what they've changed in the past 2 months, but the staff has gotten SIGNIFICANTLY better, much nicer than before. Prices are fair. It's become a regular place of ours now. Management, Thank you for following up on my previous complaint about that! The only thing that I can think that would make it better is for the valet tix to be good for a discount on food or a dollar amount. Park over at Yard of Ale and get a $5 voucher to spend on whatever there and then walk over... LOVELOVELOVE the Brunch and live music. MM Banana French Toast--delish!
Lines can be a downer but other than that all is good and plenty of fun to be had. Camera man is always taking great fun pix and the brunch is surprisingly yummy!
I love The Lodge. Brunch at the Lodge is a solid 5 stars. It's so damn good - I ordered two breakfasts the last time I was there! Queso Benedict and Banana Stuffed French Toast - holy god. Cooked to perfection, melts in your mouth, I am DROOLING writing about it. I would fly down to Tampa just for this brunch. Live band playing, choice of sitting outside in the sun or in a big plush booth inside. Top it off with $3 Mimosas and $4 Bloody Mary's - this is the definition of Sunday Funday. Friday night out at the Lodge was kinda mehhh, not very crowded, too far of a walk from all of the action further down the street. They do have shotskis - big plus. Reasonably priced drinks and friendly (hot female) bartenders. Solid selection of beers on tap. Crazy number of TVs and projection screen - great place to camp out for Sunday football or to watch your favorite sports team.
The mimosas were delicious but the dog peeing on the table was ridiculous. We went there for Sunday afternoon drinks and had a great time with the live music. Halfway through our stay, the table across from us which had a little Yorkie on the table top moved to the next table because the dog peed on the table. We alerted our waiter. When we told him how disgusting it was, the waiter said, "they are regulars and she [referring to the dog owner] used to work here." The table was eventually cleaned with bleach, but the woman continued to keep her dog on the next table top and nobody confronted her. If they don't keep proper sanitation at their tables, imagine what the kitchen looks like.
It was ok. Went with friends for dinner. Been a few times before for lunch and it is still just so so. Atmosphere is cool, that is probably what keeps us coming back, but they are trying way too hard on the hipster sliders and sushi. Food was just, mehhhhh.
This was my first experience at the Lodge, me and my lady made it out on a Sunday afternoon to enjoy brunch. The crowd was unexpectedly busy but the staff had kept smiles on their faces and were very friendly. After looking over the menu with no help from my stomach in my decision making my brain eventually talked me into trying the French toast pretzel, something completely new to my taste buds. It was quite good, soft, filled with cream cheese, a few dollops of whipped cream and some sliced Strawberries, my server brought me some syrup but it wasn't needed as the pretzel was great just the way it was. My girlfriend took her first dive into the awesomeness that is a burger with an egg on  it, if you have ever had this you know it's amazing and hard to mess up. I can happily say The lodge did a great job with this Burger. Interestingly enough my only beef with the Lodge was that it felt to crowded, but that a personal problem of mine certainly not theirs. It was a great experience and I would happily go back.
I told my friend after picking me up from the airport I just wanted to go somewhere independently owned and relatively cheap. So we drove up to this place, sporting it's "Sorry, We're Open" sign, which tickled my fancy.   For the area it was extremely affordable and decent food.  It was mid-day and not a lot of people and I would like to come back  another time. But I found it a strange restaurant to have sushi... for god sake's it has a moose on it's sign.
Very casual place to get a good draft beer and good food. It attracts a younger crowd and is usually loud inside (esp in the evenings - DJ, loud music). The staff is fun and attentive, no complaints. The inside decor feels a little dated, but it's bright and wide open. The outside seating feels a bit more modern and is usually just as popular, if not more than inside. If you're looking for something romantic and quiet.. don't go here. If you want to meet up with friend or sig other for a casual, relaxing evening, this is the place to go. More likely than not, I bet you'll like it.
Good bar food, good atmosphere. Their buffalo burger is good and so are their pizzas. Their margarona's are great, but anticipate to gain a lb or two after consuming it...
Nice bar. Delicious and interesting Mac and cheese!
This place is definitely busy on the weekends and I can see why. I was super impressed with our friendly waitress and the sushi was really really good. I also sampled their mac and cheese, chips with queso, and sweet potato fries. Very satisfied. I recommend popping over to this casual hangout when in soho.
Went to the Lodge for the second time last night and it was decent. It's too generous to give the entire fourth star, and since I can't do 3.5, a three will have to do. The prices are just ok. Because there was a happy hour on appetizers, our 5-piece wonton plate was an acceptable $4, but the regular $6 would have been too much. I love the TV Dinner option (adding three sides to nearly any entree) so I got the Big Tuna roll and edamame, cheddar mashed potatoes and fried raspberry cheesecake. They make no pretense about their sushi, and even call it "American sushi", so don't go there hoping for some really authentic sushi, but it was still tasty. Overall, the food was the highlight of the evening. Drinks were just ok. Had a pomegranate saketini, which came with a bit of dry ice; it was a nice effect, but not worth the pricetag. The $2 draft Yeungling special came in a tiny plastic cup that failed to impress. The server was so-so, and appeared to be largely disinterested in us. The service was reasonably fast, just not overly friendly. Finally, the atmosphere was just ok as well. Kitschy lodge themed stuff on the walls didn't really match the mod retro white pleather booths. The booth shook horribly my entire meal thanks to the other side's occupant, so it obviously wasn't anchored to the floor. Overall, they just built the place with dark wood and hung a few antlers and called it a lodge.
While visiting Tampa, we hit this place on a lukewarm recommendation from a local friend.  As the name of the place says, it is a Restaurant and Bar, not a bar within a restaurant.  There were about 16 tables there, a long "L" shaped bar, and a front patio with some live music. I realize if I was in my twenties, just out of college and looking for fun on a night out after work, I probably would have loved this place.  Let's just say I'm well past that stage in life and my priorities are different. Let's get to the food.  Around the table we had, chicken quesadillas, California burger, chicken nachos, and fish sandwich.  All were average.  On the good side, I got cucumber salad as one of my three sides and it was cool, crunchy, and very tasty.  On the bad side, my wife got served some ice cold mashed potatoes.  The waitress brought out another bowl of mashed potatoes that was really hot, so it must've been microwaved. If you are there to socialize with a group of friends, hang out at the bar and talk very loudly, you will probably love this place.   If not, head out to somewhere else.
I had to give this place a three because even though the food has been good every time I have gone, and the wait staff has always been (relatively) attentive and pleasant...the majority of the clientele has been a nightmare on the occasions I have been here. Rude, obnoxious, and the definitely the stereotypical "South Tampa" crowd. If I was going to go back it would have to been in the early afternoon, that's usually when the least people are there and I don't normally have to put up with douchebagery.
Lodge is good place to meet up with friends for drinks, but I don't recommend going there if you are looking for a great meal. Their "American Sushi" is pretty boring, and is incredibly over priced. Their service is subpar, and I don't think I have ever had a great server there. They have table topper drinks, which make it fun for a group. It turns into more of a club atmosphere at night, so if you are there on a weekend, expect it to get busy if you are eating a late dinner. I would recommend going to another one of the Ciccio restaurants if you are looking for a yummy meal. Lodge is just nothing to write home about.
Went here on a Friday night around 8:30.   The place was jam packed and really loud!   Really cool decor...feels like your in a lodge!    Love the red chandeliers, the antlers and the white booth seats. Had a martini (think is was called "...Comfort" something martini). Would not recommend that.   Funky tasting!   Ended up drinking my standard... Grey Goose and soda. We ordered several of the sliders... tuna, sirloin, and country chicken.  They all were very good... though a bit expense at $3.25 each.   We also had a basket of the sweet potato fries.  They come with maple syrup and powdered sugar.   So good! If you don't mind the noise level when it gets packed, I would recommend you try this place for an evening out.
Decent food the sliders were good and the wait staffs very attentive and courtesy and have to add definitely not hard on the eyes either. *Update* I returned for a second visit and boy was I wrong,  the sliders the second time were horrid I brought a friend and raved about the place due to my first visit. I was so embarrassed, the service the second time around was poor. We waited for our drinks forever and again to place our order. I will not be back after this past visit.
The food is surprisingly good and the service is excellent. Even the pretty wait staff are very attentive...not so much the case usually in South Tampa.   It does get a bit crowded with few places to stand if there is no table available, but it is a popular dive.
If you're looking for an afforable place with great food!! - The Lodge is where to go!! I've been to both locations (Howard Ave. and Tampa Palms) and I LOVE this place!! Amazing variety of food from yummy pastas, pizzas and burgers to healthy stir frys and california bowls ..and sushi!!! As well as friendly, fast and attractive service LOL :) !!! The one on Howard is in a great location for bar-hopping around S. Tampa - and if you stay late enough on a Friday night - there will be dancing!! Try this place you won't regret it !! :)
This place rocks! Every time I have been there the service has been remarkable, even during their busiest times (i.e. Florida State football games). The food is a-maz-ing...The first time I went there was because Daily Eats was too long of a wait and Lodge had no wait--now thats a no brainer. Especially since they have good mimosa & bloody mary specials! I love their brunch (my favorite being the breakfast pizza) and their appetizers are good too (gringo nachos with bbq chicken...sooo good). The atmosphere is great too, especially yesterday the weather was great so we sat on the outside patio yesterday! I can't rave enough about this place, by far one of my favorite places on South Howard. Although- it can get really loud at night (turns more into a club than a bar). Next time I will be trying the mac n'cheese pizza, now that sounds tasty :) P.S. if you check in, you get a free house shot!
A friend recommended meeting at this place.  I should have known there was a reason - he's a guy.  It's a "Hooter's" type of establishment with the skimpy shorts and low tops.  Not that it bothers me, just saying.  My dining party enjoyed the following:  mahi mahi, salmon and sushi rolls.  The sushi rolls were recommended by the friend.  He's from Ohio so I forgive him for recommending it.  The rolls weren't bad but not something I would recommend to anyone who knows sushi.  The mahi mahi and salmon were great - not overcooked or over-seasoned.  The atmosphere seemed popular for the 20's & early 30's crowd .  It was kind of noisy as we were there on a Friday  night.  There were flat screen TVs and an outdoor seating area.  It's a fun, upbeat place to have drinks or eat.  The service we received was fantastic.  As first-timers, we even received complimentary desserts.
Food was pretty good...service was slow and amateur.  Pretty much a bar scene...prepare to wait and not feel like you are a priority.
Decent place to watch the different pay per views out on the porch
We found this place with Yelp when we were looking for a new place to try for lunch. Well, it was okay. Service was fine; the decor was cool with red chandeliers and lots of TVs. This is a great place to go to if you are looking for a sports bar and don't have high expectations for the food.
BEST BRUNCH EVER.  I had the breakfast pizza which was amazing. the maxmosa was also great but i had a regular size mimosa and it was better! the waiter was friendly the atmosphere is great to relax and have a good time.
Just alright. Been twice and noticed no creativity.  Trying and had a decent time.
The food isn't all that bad. The nightlife crowd is of the fist-pumping variety.  Middle of the road in all aspects.
Food is very good. Service is outstanding.  Great atmosphere and when the weather is nice you have patio service.  Try the sushi. Although limited I. Selection of rolls they are made to order and very fresh.
I like there Americanized sushi rolls . Only problem I really had was service was very slow and we were the only ones there . Good prices for what you get
Great variety, ability to "build your own meal." Great bar. Great atmosphere (young, but not underage) Love (and miss!) the KaTuna Roll (side of queso, cucumber salad, and brownie, where else can you get that?!) Also, AWESOME mac&cheese.
Can get packed, crowd varies, a lot of overflow from Macdintons.
After being to this place several time, I have to say it always proves to be interesting. Depending on the day you go, you could end up having great sushi (they even offer soy paper wrapping vs. nari) and relax watching your favorite sport on the big screens or dance between the tables inside to the DJ playing on the loft area with his very own GO GO dancer. The sushi was fresh and well worth the price. The drinks can be expensive, but a great deal during happy hour.
If we're talking about food, I'm a fan. Probably four stars. My girlfriend's chicken was undercooked one time, but it wouldn't stop us from going again. I'm a bit of a macaroni and cheese aficionado, so the fact that they had a specific menu spot for it scored big points with me. As far as nightlife goes, happy hour is still pretty expensive, and you can get a cheaper drink pretty much anywhere else on Howard. The club scene is the reason I didn't give this place four stars. It's so crowded, I don't see how anyone likes going there after hours. You can't get to the bar, and the structure of the place really amplifies the DJ, so it's super loud. I don't know. Maybe I'm just old.
The food was great.  We went in about noon and they had brunch as well as a limited lunch menu, I got a bacon cheeseburger.  The cheese was grilled and really crispy around the edge, it was amazing, I've never had a burger with the cheese grilled like that, I enjoyed it.  There was no bacon on the burger, that was annoying.  The other two members of my party got brunch (at 12:30) and they really (REALLY) enjoyed it. One thing though, when we ordered drinks there was no drink menu and I just asked for a margarita.  The waitress suggested a certain margarita so I thought sure why not.  She brought out a 2 liter monster of a drink and charged $25 to my tab.  That was REALLY annoying.  I'll subtract a star for that (and she's lucky I don't believe in stiffing on tip).
The Lodge is a very nice bar. Good DJ, nice looking bartenders and not to mention a hot dancer. Very affordable if you're trying to buy drinks. I definitely like the place a lot and it's definitely one of the better places to go on SoHo as well.
Lodge Restaurant & Bar 1) Mongoloid DJ - that like's to "scratch" records like a 13 year old and holler random dumb s#!t.....check 2) Terrible 90's rap music played so loud that you'll have diarrhea the next day, despite the fact that most of the patrons are there to watch (and hear!) a sporting event....check 3) Bleach blond door bimbo, the kind that won't even look you in the eye when you greet her because her job and her stunning good looks have validated her feeling that she truly is special and she is doing you a favor by taking your money (and she is stunning - if your thing is transvestites)....check 4) A 30 or 40 something crowd that acts and dresses like 16 year olds...check 5) 3 dollar cups of coffee (with no free refills)...check All in all an awesome place!
Cool decor, hip area, good drinks, decent food. Would be great with a big group.
The Waitress was very sweet and very attractive that unfortunately was where the good ended. Food was sub par and the drinks were expensive. Very Douche table next to us cursing loudly and being vulgar while we were trying to eat probably didn't help the evening. The waitress almost saved the experience..almost. The 2nd star is for her.
The manager Jeff went out of his way to put on the Bayern Munich Champions League match for me, and several soccer fans came in after and he made sure their team was on as well.  Great Service!  Pot stickers were good as well.
love the mac & cheese options and the tv dinner sides is cute, but not a culinary achievement.  great choice for after work hang out and drinks.
Not sure why I'm rating this 3 stars. Maybe it's because I'm intoxicated from the 2 champagne sangrias? Which were delicious btw... (( plus a shot of dragon berry bacardi )).. Okay I'll change it to 4 stars. Good service.... Pretty good food... Crappy loud music inside.... Lots of outside seating, with fans and mist.. I should write this later. Decent spot... but not too awesome.
The positive: The lodge is a beautiful establishment which incorporates moose/deer heads and chandeliers. The place is quite impressive inside and the outside is pretty neat too. The people are good looking super young and the music is superb. The negative: So... I sat down with my friends to enjoy a few drinks, on my bill it was just my boyfriend and I he had two shots of Hennessey,  I had one vodka and cran, and we ordered 4 shots off apple pie for the table. When I got the bill I was prepared to pay alot but I paid more then our meal at Miguels and we ate and drank like beasts. l looked at the receipt they had charged us 45 dollars just for 2 shots of Hennessey!!! Our bill  came out to 89 and change in total because of that, unless the waitress made a mistake, Our four shots of apple pie were cheaper then that. Listen I'm originally from Chicago where there are gorgeous establishments everywhere and I have NEVER gotten charged 45.00 for two shots!!!! You can buy a whole bottle for that price. The shots weren't even henny xo. So thank you for the experience but i have been to better. What a way to end our vacation. :-(
Had never been to the lodge for brunch but when daily eats had a long wait Saturday we gave it a shot and I'm so happy we did! Live music by a very talented woman that made for a wonderful atmosphere. The pretzel French toast was to die for and my Monterey hash was really good! Our waitress Naya was also really great! Came around to check on us the perfect amount and was really sweet! Wonderful way to start a Saturday! Highly recommend trying it out!
Went in for a week day lunch. Food was good and served hot. Servers were friendly and helpful. The time between ordering and getting food seemed a bit long, especially for not being slam packed. I've been in a few times and this seems to be a common theme. Conversely, the offer a military discount to include a very good rate on Sunday afternoons, or so we were told.
Not for married couples. With a group ready to party to very loud music?.. This is for you!
Saturday afternoon in South Tampa and I was looking for a place to stop and enjoy a nice burger, and that brought me to The Lodge along S. Howard Avenue. The Lodge is a casual restaurant and bar just north of Swann Avenue in the heart of the SoHo watering holes. The Lodge is owned by the same folks who own and operate Ciccio Cali, Ciccio's / Water, Daily Eats, and the Green Lemon here in Tampa. As we all know, parking in South Tampa can be atrocious, especially in this three block stretch along S. Howard, so the folks at The Lodge have solved that problem with $5 valet parking adjacent to the restaurant. You can take your chances looking for a parking space on the street, but the valet service is quick and efficient. You have the choice of sitting outside on their deck across the front of the restaurant, or inside where it's a bit cooler. TVs circle the dining room, and on this day they were focused on the NFL draft and some football highlights. The guitar player / singer out on the patio was quite good, and I really enjoyed his choice of songs while I had my lunch. The inside of the restaurant is decorated to look like a hunting lodge with the skeleton of an elk's head over the bar area. The lady at the table next to me kept pointing at the skeleton and saying "The Moose is Loose" which resulted in great bouts of giggling from her equally inebriated table mates. Make no mistake about it, The Lodge is primarily a bar that also serves food, and most people were consuming plenty of drinks on this sunny afternoon. I'm sure that the crowd gets pretty rowdy in the evenings, but all was well on this Saturday afternoon. The lunch menu has bar appetizers, pizzas, burgers, sandwiches, sushi, salads, and smaller-sized entrées. I ordered the single stack cheeseburger and a spicy tuna roll. The spicy tuna roll was bland -- the sauce was lacking the usual spicy "bite", and I thought that the rice was overcooked. Not something that I would likely re-order. On the other hand, the cheeseburger was excellent. The patty was cooked as ordered on a flat top, and the cheese was this perfect mess of gooey, melted deliciousness. The burger came with lettuce and slices of tomato, and I added chopped onions for some extra flavor. The waitress brought me some spicy mustard, and after the first bite I was seriously in Heaven with this burger. I'll gladly stop back at The Lodge for an afternoon burger and a beer, but I'll likely skip the frat boy crowd in the evenings.
EXPENSIVE for what they offer. Mostly college crowd. Lots of other bar options in the area. Keep walking..
More than just a hot spot in the evenings...The Lodge provides some eclectic dining with the south tampa ambiance we all love, Feel like sushi? They got it, How about buffalo Man n Cheese (yummy!)? What about brunch with mimosa's? How about steak nachos? They literally have it all. Sit outside for a nice quiet lunch or happy hour...or enjoy a drink later for some Soho nightlife.
Drinks were great and staff was awesome! A other pricey but it is Soho. Great atmosphere and a good look. The free drink from yelp was better than expected.
Depending on why you are at the lodge you can either have a positive experience or a negative one. The bar / night club turned food spot for lunch / brunch in heart of Soho has a great location. It sits right on Howard with a large a patio perfect for FL's beautiful weather. My experience at the bar at night has been ok, I just don't understand why people are sitting OR standing on top of chairs & tables. Can't explain that one! Other wise the music is fun & if you are with a good crowd it can be fun night! Brunch and lunch options during the day are just ok. There are so many great restaurants around here that for a foodie like me this doesn't do it justice. I have given them many tries because our friends love the patio & atmosphere but I have never been excited by my omelets, French toast or sandwiches thus far.
I came here for brunch one Saturday around 11 with a big group of friends. I'm pretty picky when it comes to breakfast food but had no problem finding anything to my liking on this menu. Everything looked delicious! I ended up going with the Breakfast Burger ( can't keep me away from red meat apparently.) and have no regrets on my choice. The drinks looks wonderful as well. I went with the Rum Punch ( which was delicious) but next time I'll definitely go with the Slamgria that several members of my party got. Talk about a drink on steroids! Our waiter was great , always one step ahead of us when another drink or anything else was needed. A guitar player was a nice touch as well and really set a nice relaxing mood. I'll be back for sure the next time I have a Brunch craving.
Based on the size of the crowd waiting to get in here at night for the party scene, I had my doubts that they would have a substantively good brunch.  This place truly lives up to The Best of the Bay. My boyfriend suggested to try this place for New Years Day brunch. (this place was the only smart restaurant that brilliantly decided to offer brunch New Years Day. So Lodge gets extra kudos for that idea.) They have a small breakfast menu but every item on it is  awesome. They have inventive entrees you can't find at other places. For example, they have a queso benedict that made me wish it was groundhogs day so I could eat this meal over and over again. My boyfriend ordered their breakfast sliders and if we werent still recovering from the previous night, he might have ordered another round, they were that good. And their potato fries are some of the best I have had: they are thinly sliced potatoes that are oven baked to perfection, not greasy, not overcooked and they have this flavor to them that putting ketchup on them should be a crime. If I go out to breakfast and the home fries are bland, I'm using half a bottle of ketchup bc I love the stuff, but honestly the Lodge's homefries are just that good you could just pop a tray of them down without any condiment. As for atmosphere, as a brunch spot it is hopping. If you're looking for a fun brunch spot with a lively crowd, this is it. They have a great outdoor patio. Part of it, on the right, is covered by a roof. Looks like you're under a gazebo. The inside is pretty cool, but the chairs are not all that comfortable and because it is a condensed spot in there so it gets loud (with people talking, not just the music), it's not easy to carry on a conversation. But you can avoid that by requesting a table at the patio. The only thing I regret about this meal is that I did not try this place sooner. I will definitely try them out for dinner.
Their brunch is my favorite ! There is always a live guitar dude and the staff is really friendly , I like their Maximosas (mimosas that come with a mini champagne bottle ) and their sangria is delicious. They have lots of TVs so you can catch most college or nfl games when you are there. I also would recommend their sushi and my favorite buffalo chicken nachos (not exactly on menu ) . I don't go at night because it gets a little clubby but I always enjoy it during brunch and happy hour.
This is a place - for the most part. First and foremost, the music is amazing.  The Lodge undoubtedly has the best music out of any bar in South Tampa.  My only criticism is that the management/bouncers intentionally make customers wait in lines for no reason.  At least it seems that way.  Often there are 2 lines formed - 1 for ordinary customers and 1 for VIP.   Some of my friends have waited for over an hour to get into the establishment.  That was kind of disappointing.  I will say that I am a loyal Florida State fan and The Lodge is the South Tampa location for our game watching parties.  I went there with a group of my friends and the management is always accommodating of any requests that I had - more seating, a bigger table, etc.  I'm usually not that needy when I go out, but several friends kept joining us.  Every year I have a huge celebration for my Birthday and for the customer service alone, I am thinking about having part of it at The Lodge. Inside there are several tables/sections if you buy a bottle.  The issue is that these areas are not cordoned off, so you have several patrons constantly impeding on the VIP experience.   The food at The Lodge is great as well.  I recommend going for brunch and getting the Maxmosas. B. Major Grade:  A
I've been here twice.  The first time was a weeknight for a casual dinner, it was just OK. Service was slow, sushi was blah, it was really loud. The second time was a Saturday night and holy lord! It was like a meat market...I think I'm getting too old for the whole "get as drunk as you can and barf on a restaurant table" scene.
I found a brunch dish I really enjoy.  The queso benedict with hash browns.  Well, I'm not entirely sure if what I got was hash browns, because they looked more like home fries.  But whatever they were, they were delicious!  It was cut thinly that some were even crisp and had the perfect amount of salt.  The queso benedict was delicious too.  I loved the queso, which really made the dish great. The one weird thing about this visit was there was valet at 11 a.m. on a Sunday.   I asked our waitress about this, since I've never encountered valet there before that early and she said usually they start later.  I don't really see the point of valet, because you pay someone to move your car a couple feet, but oh well.  Just make sure you have cash to pay the valet.
I am limiting my review to their brunch menu - I have no idea if this is a great late night or happy hour spot and I don't know about the rest of their menu.  All of that said, I would probably try eating here again for another meal based solely on my experience with brunch. We came here New Years Day for their brunch, which is typically just a Sunday thing.  Its not a huge menu, but it has something for everyone.  It was a rainy, gloomy day, so we sat inside (their patio has an overhang and heaters for the rare chilly day).  My only complaints, which I'll get out of the way, are (a) it was New Years Day.  Everyone was hung over.  Did your musical guest need to be playing so loudly in such a small enclosed space?  Our headaches didn't appreciate it.  Also, (b), they didn't make much of an effort to clean up from their New Years Eve.  Seats and tables were all really sticky. Onto the good stuff - I got their breakfast sliders (one ham, egg cheese and one bacon egg and cheese...you know, it might have been sausage instead of ham...) which came with the home fries.  My girlfriend got their queso benedict, which is what you think it is, but with queso sauce instead of hollandaise.  They were both delicious.  Don't know what it was about the sliders - something in the eggs, or maybe the type of rolls (Hawaiian sweet rolls, I think), but I could have had 50 of them.  The home fries had some kind of cajun spices on them or something, but those were awesome.  My only complaint on the food was that for $8, I could have gotten a 3rd slider.  They were small.   Its nice to find a place that does a good breakfast and brunch.  They have been few and far between in Tampa, so I'm glad we gave this place a shot.
I stopped by The Lodge last night (Thursday) to meet up with some friends after the Tampa Bay Lightning game and the bouncer at the door was a complete asshole to me, as was the manager. I am 23 years old visiting Tampa from Rochester, NY where I go to school but my license is from  Vancouver, BC where I'm originally from. Often my ID gets over analyzed at the door since people aren't used to seeing it. But this was different. The bouncer took it into the bar and made me wait outside for about 20 minutes to "look it over". He came back and told me my ID was fake (and that he looked that up online.... oh really?) and that I couldn't have it back! I was furious because I need my license to fly back to NY so I demanded to see a manager. The manager was an even MORE ignorant and rude and still didn't believe me that my ID was real! He said "there was no magnetic chip" in the ID. Uhm...what the hell?. He refused to give it back to me until I threatened to bring over a police officer. He finally caved and gave it back to me but STILL refused me service (which makes no sense). I was completely blown away. Never have I experienced such disrespect. The Lodge made a terrible first impression on me. The whole experience really ruined my night. There are other great bars right down the street that are friendly and have no problems letting Canadians inside. Don't waste your time and money at The Lodge. ESPECIALLY if you're from Canada :)
This place is a lot better than I expected.   It was loud, but I guess that's what to expect from a restaurant that turns into a nightclub.   The staff was very friendly and attentive, despite the place being a zoo.  Our waitress was very helpful (she reminded my husband to mix his loaded Corona so that the tequila or rum would be better dispersed), and she gave us the option of a free round of shots or dessert (we got one of each) since this was our first visit. Cocktails were on the sweet side, but they were fine.   We started with the trio of dips and chips.  The guacamole was nice and fresh, the queso was cheesy and rich, and the salsa was okay. I had the buffalo burger, and it was very good.  I love buffalo everything.  The sweet potato fries on the side were very crispy.  I liked that the waitress offered to hold the powdered sugar and honey, since I don't like my sweet potatoes that sweet.  My husband had their crispy cheeseburger, and he liked it. For dessert, we had the fried cheesecake, which was okay, but really not great.  It was too sweet.   This place is fun for drinks and basic foods.  Sit outside if you don't mind cigarette smoke but want to be able to have a conversation because inside is very loud.  Also, this is an FSU restaurant, so it's best if you are an FSU fan if you plan on visiting on a Saturday during football season.
Get the buffalo burger. It's probably the best burger I've had in Tampa. It's cooked perfectly and infused with buffalo sauce flavor but isn't too spicy. Topped with crispy onions and blue cheese, the burger takes you on a trip to heaven. The tots are fairly high quality as well. Mmm, tots. I'd also recommend coming for lunch rather than for dinner because the noise level can get pretty high later on in the day. There are great specials here, and the inside is pretty cool as well. Haven't checked it out on the weekend, but I will definitely keep coming back here for the burger alone.
We came here for trivia on a Tuesday night and had a great time!  We didn't eat but others in our party did and everyone seemed to enjoy their food and drinks.   Definitely a fun place to hang out with friends.  Great patio seating!  Will definitely be back for more trivia and just all around good fun!
I wanted to give the lodge another try for brunch, so I went there this past a Sunday. The service was great...the managers, servers, and bar tenders are very friendly and laid back...but still attentive. Atmosphere- This would be a great place to go with girlfriends if you want to hang out in a fun, casual environment while grabbing food. There's outside seating, TVs and live music.  Prices and portions-Most breakfast  items are about $9. I ordered the banana stuffed French toast and breakfast burger with tots. I also tried the sweet potato fries.  Out of everything, I highly recommend the breakfast burger and the tots. The burger was super tasty. I told my boy friend he could have a bite and by the time I turned around he had eaten half. The French toast had a good flavor but I was expecting it to be stuffed. When I think stuffed I think thick slices loaded with cream cheese and bananas. The pieces looked like flat pieces of bread...I didn't get where the stuffing was...but they were tasty (just don't expect huge pieces of stuffed toast like other places). Sweet pot fries ok...They had honey and powdered sugar, but I liked the tots better. Lastly I had 2 passion fruit maxmosas which were very good and HUGE! Conclusion-Go to the lodge for a fun brunch on Sunday morning, get the breakfast burger, tots and a huge drink, and you'll enjoy yourself.
Having a month of experience serving would make you over qualified to work here.  It's like all the reject hooters girls. Foods ok but expect it to be a long, brutal experience with awful service and empty drinks.
Free shot with Yelp check in!  Woo hoo! Two of the people in out party weren't Yelpers, so they couldn't take advantage of the check-in offer, but the waitress brought them shot anyways!  Now that's a customer service delight! We ordered up some SANGRIA, both red and white, some beers and a MOJITO.  Both the red and white sangria were pretty good. I think I preferred the white over the red though.  The mojito was pretty sorry though.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Tastes like they use a mojito mix and just dump some rum into it. The prices were pretty good as well.  They have a nice happy hour selection, which is cool.  They have food, but we weren't hungry.
I've visited this place for dinner and also after hours on certain occasions.  It has the best central location for any activity or place you would be looking to frequent in the SOHO area.  The food is average for a bar/restaurant but the concept is pretty cool.  A few of my friends have also tried the brunch on weekends, and have raved about the mimosas.  I have not been privy to try that as of yet. It does get a bit clubby after the dinner hours on weekends.  Be prepared to brave the crowds as it gets pretty packed and security is always roving around to clear walkways for the servers.  Drink specials seem pretty decent and the dj/music is pretty good for hanging out.
Strong drinks, good service from gorgeous ladies, nice atmosphere. I ate at salad, it wasn't phenomenal...but it is a great place to start a night out.
I'm semi-bummed that this place wasn't more hoppin' on a Sunday afternoon.  Don't you Florida peeps do all-day brunches like we do in Chicago? ...Crickets... Guess not.  Cuz when my gals and I rolled in early on a Sunday afternoon, there were hardly any people here.  I gladly took advantage of the $3 mimosas special (Orange juice OR cranberry juice? How do decide?  See my current profile pic, no decision necessary!) and we took advantage of the lovely seating outside on the patio to pass the time. Our server was an adorable teenager.  He wasn't really a teenager, but that's what I call boys who I find cute that are way too young for me.  But yes.  Teenager.  Cutie-patootie, indeed.  In any event, he took care of us to the point where he replaced some unsavory nachos for more traditional ones, and always came back with a smile on his face. A little corny, calling it Lodge and making the servers wear Uggs (in Tampa, that's just weird), and throwing up animal heads on the walls inside, but I was alright with it.  A fun time, definitely.   Thumbs up to teenage servers.  Thumbs down to the manager who turned down the music on us when we were having our own private dance party on the patio.
The Lodge is a fun bar at night and a great spot for brunch. For brunch they offer maxmosa mimosa's that are in huge margarita glasses and served with mini upside down champagne bottles (5 stars) for only $9. They also have live music and the guy that plays on Sunday is awesome! I've had tons of different food here but my favorites would have to be for lunch, Carlos' famous grill chicken cobb sandwich... which is like a grilled cheese but with grilled chicken, avocado, bacon and tomato.. if you like spicy I would highly suggest adding jalapenos. Sushi... I would suggest the Baja tuna... its filled with tuna, tempura shrimp and topped with spicy tuna, guacamole and sriracha. The guacamole is kinda weird but surprisingly tasty. For brunch I would try the NYC pretzel French toast.... it's a pretzel stuffed with cream cheese and topped with strawberries and whipped cream (yum).
The Maxmosas are amazing ! I only ordered the tater tots so my food was fantastic. My friend didn't particularly care for her salad but everyone else seemed please with their meal. I like the fact that there is live music on Sunday afternoons. I like their brunch!
I am literally still thinking about my bene from this place...and that was 2 week ago. I stepped into the Lodge per a recommendation from on of my friends, a local, who said this place would probably have a good brunch. I walk in and theres an hour wait for a 2-top, but there was plenty of room at the bar so my friend and I sat right away and ordered a mimosa. Oh, and did I mention, it was the day after GASPARILLA. Aka I was hungover, hungry and not a person. I gasped when I read the menu and saw my two favorite things in the world combined: queso dip and eggs benedict to make the Queso Benedict. TO DIE FOR. As I said, I am still thinking about it wishing I had another. This benedict was an awesome twist on the original. It started out with a english muffin topped with avocado, poached egg, hollandaise and white cheddar queso. And just when you thought it couldn't get any better, it comes with tater tots. Combine this with a "maxi-mosa" (like it says on the menu, dont ask, just order) and you have got a hangover cure my friend!
Great drink menu!  I've been to this restaurant for breakfast and for dinner.  There have been times that I've REALLY liked my food (buffalo chicken pizza) and times when I've been "eh" about my food (mixed salad).  This is a great brunch/hangover spot as they have huge mimosas with an entire mini bottle of champagne included.  Plus, you get a free shot if you check in on Yelp! The atmosphere in this place is good for watching the game or for enjoying a nice day on the outdoor patio.  It does get really busy at night so be prepared for a loud noisy crowd if you go to this place late night.
Went here for Sunday brunch. The server was really friendly, we were seated quickly, and the food was awesome. The mimosas were strong and the atmosphere was cool. There was live music outside that was wayyy too loud, so I"m glad we ended up sitting inside.
Since it's a mix between a bar and a restaurant, the Lodge can get crowded late at night so it's hard to hold conversations at your table if you are there to eat. That being said, their menu serves a good variety of options with reasonable price. I like the variety of cocktails they have on hand. If you aren't sitting, it can be hard to get a drink at peak hours when you have to wrestle your way to the front in the crowd. Last visit, we sat on their outdoor patio since the weather was fairly mild at night. Our server seemed incredibly busy but she tried to check on us every chance she got. Unfortunately, we sat right underneath the speaker so I found myself yelling at my table mates and feeling uncomfortable. I enjoyed my white sangria.
Fun and simple, Our witress was awesome and was on point and was always there just when we needed her. I really enjoy the sporty setup
This place Is amazing. I love it everytime I come here rather it be to drink or eat. We started off with some margarita pizza, trip dip, and chicken quesadilla.  Then we moved strait into the drinks. All 16oz PBR's are $3 dollars and $3 green beers!! This place always has the best DJ's and best looking staff. Would highly recommend coming to this bar and eatery if your in the area! If you come down to Tampa, definitely check it out
Went last night but got there way to early. Doesn't start to pick up until 10 or 11. But when you check in on yelp you get a free shot. I ended up getting three not sure how that happened but I'll take it.
We went with friends last night for the first time and it was a place we all enjoyed! I'm sure we will be back in the future. Between the four of us we ordered a ton of food and pretty much cleared our plates, yeah we are fans. I loved the WTF Wednesday specials, $5 for every roll is an outstanding price!  We split two rolls the Hoang and the Banging Shrimp. I didn't think the Banging Shrimp was spicy enough, but the Hoang roll was delicious. The Thai popcorn chicken was perfect with very tender chicken. Burgers were good, but I would prefer a different bun. We had both the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and chicken parm mac and cheese and the buffalo was the winner, but both were good ,creamy and very cheesy. The only thing I was disappointed with was the sangria. It was not to my liking, very sweet. I think next time I will just stick to their selection of draft beers. I can't wait to go back on another Wednesday and sample more of the sushi!
Stopped in tonight around 6 pm.  The night crowd hadn't filled the place up yet so that made me happy.   Decided on the buffalo burger and a side salad - the burger was superb, the salad was alright.  The house vinaigrette was decent but the salad was just chopped lettuce and carrot shavings. Meh.  My friend had the chicken parm mac and cheese - I enjoyed the bites I had, but it didn't blow me away (in fairness, I'm typically not into mac and cheese when dining out). The service wasn't poor, but I wouldn't call it attentive either.  I wanted to get a draft Woodchuck after ordering our food, but whenever the server would check in with us she seemed to be trying to get away as fast as possible.  Sort of strange and I ended up giving up on the beer.  Overall experience was good and I'd definitely eat at The Lodge again.
The food here is good. Been here a few times for food and drinks.  The burgers are delicious. The drinks are great too.  After dinner this place is a great little night spot. Full bar and decent beer selection.  You should definitely try it out, especially if you want dinner and drinks.
I went to the Lodge with my husband and sister on a Sunday afternoon and was not impressed. The tables were dirty and the floors were sticky. I ordered the sangria and the merlot from the happy hour menu and thought both good. The spring rolls and the buffalo chicken macaroni were ok, but the loaded fries were terrible. (Lose the chilli!) Near the end of our visit I ordered two shots of chocolate cake... when I got the bill I found out they were $8 each! It would have been nice if our waitress had mentioned the price of the shots since we had been drinking $4 wine and $5 sangria! I'd return for drinks, but would skip the food on my next visit.
After visiting the lodge on a Saturday night, I was curious to see what this place was like for bfast. Originally we went to daily eats but their parking lot and the lime's were packed so we drive less than a mile down the road to the lodge. Healthy it is not, but hearty yes. We had a $3 mimosa and a $4 bloody Mary-same price as their coffee so this was a no brainer. We both had the Monterey hash. Think tater tots smothered in cheese, ham, peppers and onions and topped with scrambled eggs and you have the Monterey hash. YUM although my waistline can't afford Monterey hash all the time. For some good comfort bfast food on a Sunday morning, the lodge is where it's at.
Wow! This place on a Saturday night it's very crowded and loud, definitely good for groups. I order sushi and I was not a fan perhaps a burger or something along those lines would have been a better option. Drinks are good and plenty of TV's if watching games also good for Pub crawling.
Super awesome place for a Saturday brunch!!!! Def go with a Max-mosa and Bloody Mary!!! So great and will hit the spot if you are hung over. The food was also amazing the Monterey hash!!! I mean really you can't go wrong with Tatar tots!!! Yummy!!! They were topped with eggs ham cheese onions and peppers!!! Do yourself a favor and check it out on Saturday or Sunday also love music in the patio!!
WTF Wednesday was my first introduction to Lodge Restaurant and Bar.  They have great deals for food and beers (coming out in 1 Liter mugs).  The game was on outside and the service was fast and friendly.  Granted the service was unable to accurately get the checks correct... but what's a few dollars between friends? I would definitely go back for WTF Wednesday to break up the week and celebrate Hump Day!
I have been coming to this place for years, but wasn't sure how to review it. Most recently I showed up on a Saturday morning, they had some live music and misters shooting water around at the outdoor bar, but I was parched and looking for some relief from the heat. Although I didn't exactly find the place too cool, it was still a good time with a large crew. Sorry I was too full to try the variety of breakfast offerings this most recent time, but will always be back. I must admit I was confused by the versatility of this place..Iv'e been there for the bar, the restaurant, the club. My fave : The white champagne sangria with sliced fruit in it. Champagne sangria with strawberries in it is such a simple pleasure!
I'm not a huge fan of visiting this place as a bar, it's too loud and trendy and Tampa-y for my taste. Two things I do enjoy is their sushi on occassion and brunch. The sushi here is not incredibly authentic, a true sushi buff probably wouldn't like it but I'm not that picky. They have one roll that has fried chicken in it (it is surprisingly tasty). Another thing I like about The Lodge is that you can "TV Dinner" your meal where it comes with 3 sides. This gives you a lot of food for a low price! I think my favorite time I've been to The Lodge has been for brunch. I came on a sunday and they had live music (a guy singing and playing guitar on the porch area). I ordered a fish sandwich that was surprisingly fresh and tasty. Not really brunch food, but they have both breakfast and lunch menus available. The mimosa's are available in different flavors. I had the mango which was really yummy. It's nice to sit outside when the weather is great and enjoy the atmosphere.
One of my favorite places in SoHo because it can do so many things. You can get some great food during the day, or you can get a $20 fishbowl of blue booze that will get you absolutely wasted after just one on a Friday or Saturday evening. Don't think because this place becomes a de facto nightclub on weekend evenings that the food isn't excellent during the day or dinner. The menu is massive, and has everything from multiple forms of mac and cheese to sushi to steaks. And everything I've tried is quite good. The pizzas are awesome, and the burgers are really good as well. And go for the tater tots, which win over fries any day. Staff is friendly and fun, and I've always had great service either sitting at the bar or a table. Plus I've watched games there and the TV's are big enough to be seen from multiple places. Even if it's not your favorite place in the area, it's certainly the most versatile, and does so many different things well.
$2.50 Natty Lights on Friday night, with BJ Upton, Evan Longoria, and Matt Garza....The Tampa Bay Rays (for all you non MLB fans). Nightlife here is better than lunch.
I stopped in for the $7 lunch specials and ended up getting the lobster mac which was one of the not $7 daily specials. But it was soooooo worth it! It was hot cheesy and delish!
Accommodating 17 dudes for dinner? No problem! We had a reservation at 8:30 after our 2 hour open bar happy hour at  MacDinton's. Once we arrived, we were seated immediately. The waitresses were INCREDIBLY hot, nice and competent. Can you imagine that? Nice, hot and competent? holy crap i've never seen that before at a restaurant. It's usually one out of three if you're lucky. The other staff was also amazing. I called a few weeks ago and discussed that I was bringing in a huge group of guys for a bachelor party. They didn't have a problem with that at all. They even gave us a few deals and some freebies. Some places were incredibly skeptical when I called to try to make a reservation for 17 ppl. Now onto the food. The food was amazing.. but I might be completely off here. Big disclaimer. We just finished 2 hours of open bar at MacDinton's we were pretty smashed. Our bachelor doesnt even remember eating dinner here. The burger was delicious, sliders- yummy , very interesting "sushI", decent appetizers and DELICIOUS PIZZA We were incredibly rowdy and a fight actually broke out among our group but the lodge rolled with the punches. Im sorry lodge that you had to deal with us, but thank you very much for tolerating us. The Bachelor Party was a huge success.
