Located along the Tampa Riverwalk, the Sail Pavilion is a great place to stop and grab a drink. Last night, we went with my husband's aunt and uncle to "people watch".  There was an anime convention in town and the costumes were very creative. The outside patio area (which I think has been extended) is the perfect place to kick back, enjoy a drink and take in the sights. The bartenders are NOT very quick, but all in all, this is a great place to relax while overlooking the water and the city. I believe they have food trucks 1 Friday a month as well.
This was one of the worst dining experiences that I've ever had. They have just recently started table side service, and to say the least, they need to reconsider this. Our server was very nice, but she seemed very unhappy with the fact that she had to be a server. I came with a group of four, and out of the four of us, three of us wanted burgers. They only serve their burgers well done, all of us preferring them medium rare. One person opted out of the burger because it was only offered well done and had to order something else. They requested no blue cheese but once the meal came it still had the blue cheese on it. Another member of our group ordered shrimp wontons which was a clump of shrimp and mango salsa on a fried wonton wrapper. All of the food that we got was cold, and to top it off, it was so dark that we couldn't read the menu or see our food. All in all, we definitely won't be going back.
The Sail Pavilion on the Riverwalk is just what it sounds like. It's a regular gathering spot to spend time by the water under an umbrella or the pavilion watching the sunset or just enjoying the view of the water and boats etc. They have live music regularly, offer a limited food menu, and have a corn hole game to pace the time. The service is solid. The staff has been there for a while so they have not had much turnover and they try to recognize the regulars.
Great outdoor bar on the water. Its within walking distance of a lot of attractions. It's definitely a gem of the riverwalk and of downtown.
Definitely a nice place to spend an afternoon when it isn't too hot with great views. We had the pleasure of having Cody as our bartender that afternoon. I am more than sure he was shocked about some, if not all, of our conversation topics but took it all in good stride. There is lots of seating and live music. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but it is your typical bar food. The only drawback is parking is limited and you have to pay, but what else can you expect with the City of Tampa?
Sail Pavilion is a little piece of Florida paradise sitting alongside the Hillsborough River. As the name implies, this is an open-air "beach" bar adjacent to the Tampa Convention Center with spectacular views of Harbour Island, the marina behind the Marriott, and the Hillsborough River. The Pavilion sits about midway along the Tampa Riverwalk which makes it a convenient place to stop for a drink as you enjoy some sunshine. The pavilion has a central bar area, open on all sides, with bar stools and lots of covered tables and chairs out on the concrete patio. To order a drink you walk up to the bar, and then bring your drinks back to your table. The drinks are served in clear plastic cups to avoid broken glass on the patio. Since it was a warm, sunny Saturday afternoon there were lots of people (and their dogs) stopped at the pavilion for a drink. In the evenings this would be a great place to sit and watch the lights of the City. I had just gotten off our legendary eBOATS tour of the Hillsborough River, and so I sat for a bit and enjoyed a frozen Adult cocktail while watching the dragon boat crews gliding by. The warm sunshine, the gentle breeze, and the view of the water.... Yup, this is why I live in Florida!
Moderately priced drinks overlooking an exquisite view of the Tampa bay.  Come here to relax and catch up with friends while soaking in some water and sun. They often have food trucks in the parking lot on the weekends.  As for the pavilion itself, it serves a very limited bar menu.   Be prepared to pay parking at one of the nearby downtown garages.   Open starting at 4pm on the weekdays and all day/evening on the weekends.
Thank you God for putting a bar along a hot cement covered stretch of River Walk! An absolute oasis of fun, this little hut offers friendly, but usually swamped service. Sometimes they offer live music, and although parking is limited, the truly Tampanian way to arrive is by bay, foot or bike. After a fun e-boat ride, or bike huff down to this place, it's so refreshing to have a treat to look forward to. You can order food from a variety of spots in the downtown area who deliver straight to this place, or hot a food truck nearby. Kick up those paws and have a cold one in the center of it all!
Only going 3 stars because they need more staff on certain days, like on holidays,  or Saturdays and Sundays when the weather is awesome.  This past weekend, I nearly died of thirst twice waiting for the bartender to make his way around to me.  It was freakin' busy!  Otherwise, the place is fine, especially when there is a breeze outside.  Very relaxing.  No food, but they do "Bites and Brews" sometimes where food trucks come out and offer vittles for hungry customers.  Also, Jimmy John's downtown delivers and can get a sub to this location in about 15 minutes.  Or, thinking outside of the box here, walk right over and rent an e-Boat and take your ass up the river to Rick's.
This is a neat little outdoor bar with live music and trivia throughout the week. Chill out next to the bar and watch boat cruise through the ocean pass. The drinks are pretty reasonable and the staff is quick.
The atmosphere here definitely outshines that of Curtis Hixon Park and the river walk just down the road! Let's just admit it. Not to mention, the beautiful views of Harbor Island fuel jealousy that I can't afford to live in such a gorgeous, upscale area (but at least I can gaze from afar). I came here for "National Dog Day" - a great idea - expecting a dog event with plenty of pooches and fun things to do, but honestly, nothing was going on. It was pretty much dead, but that was okay. We did go on a nice stroll to the nearby playground and they did offer my dog a complimentary shaved ice and biscuit treat. The bartender was super friendly and sweet. I would probably come back here with the dog since they are so dog-friendly, or maybe with friends to enjoy a beer after work. I'm interested to see what it's like on a busier day.
Let's face it the only reason to come her is to sit outside in the breeze relax and have an adult beverage. Great part is there is parking right there or next to Jackson's on Harbor island. It's great to come before a hockey game or event at the Forum. Prices are a bit steep but then again your not paying for anything other than ambiance. It's a great place for after happy hour once the sun has set a bit, so it's not 90 outside. The staff is friendly enough, but then again I go for the ambiance. Great for dogs too!
I would say the views and relaxation factor are pretty great. The service/drinks/specials and parking situation could use a little work. The group I was with brought some of their own drinks and got food delivered from elsewhere. No one mentioned anything, and it just goes to show you go for the friends, view and atmosphere and not too much else.
I really enjoyed the location of the Sail Pavillion more than anything else about it. I stopped by during the most recent Brews & Bites event (2nd Fri of every month). We ordered several draft beers from the Pavillion during our visit, but not mixed drinks or snacks. Others in our party commented that the drinks were mixed okay, but nothing special. As far as beers on draft, there isn't really anything special or craft there. The specials were on Yuengling and Bud Light. We opted for Shock Top, which was $4. They do have what looks like a separate bar on the one side facing the street, which is where the live music was. The band seemed decent, but the acoustics not great. You had to be IN the pavillion to hear much, and we were seated outside. The pavillion has separate bathrooms, which are actual restrooms, which was nice. They have lots of seating available, and a nice dock to walk out on and enjoy the view across the river. They share a small drive with the Convention Center's drop off, but a lot of people were parking here on Friday night. I believe you're supposed to park at the forum or find street parking, which makes it tricky. We actually had some in our party pass it by because the parking situation was hard to figure out. Brews and Bites was pretty cool. There were 5 food trucks (one didn't show) and the weather was due to be awful. It ended up slightly windy and no rain, so the perfect night, especially once the rain died down. The amount of people there was perfect, but I've heard it can get quite busy. I'm thinking the weather evened it out. We'll definitely be back. This would be a great place to visit during the day on a Saturday or Sunday.
Why 3 stars? Because the features average out.   ---   ---   --- The views, scene, and vibe are worth 5-stars across the board. Sail Pavillon is literally a stone's throw from the water, and a very short walk from the Forum for pre/post game/concert fun. For visitors staying at the many of the walking-distance hotels, this is a great snapshot of Tampa. We have perfect weather for outside bar-patronizing almost every night of the year, and there are heaters out for the fifteen days of winter. That being said, Sail Pavillon, you're killin' me on the beer selection. It's definitely a Bud/Miller/Coors bar unfortunately. When I see the same 5 beers on tap that are at every bar in America, I just don't even want to spend the $4 or waste the calories. It's a buzz kill before my buzz even has time to begin. If Sail were to even start carrying a halfway decent selection of brews, this would be one of my favorite bars in Tampa Bay. Until then, I'll just stop by from time to time. Oh... and if you started serving food, or had a food truck out every night... we'd be talking about a whole 'nother level.
Alright... view is great, but we do live in Florida and a great view isn't tnough to get you a good review.   Like I said, its in a nice area.  360 degree bar with tons of sitting space both under the Pavilion and out in a patio area.  Dogs are welcome... and so are kids.  Sounds weird but its not really a closed area so... yeah. Kids are allowed at this "bar."  I am just never comfortable drinking next to someone with a stroller, or a yelling 3 year old.  There is no food. I just can't justify it. They advertise "craft"  but their beer selection is extremely limited, and most of their "craft beers" are suited to the mass consumer who favors malts and all the beers are extremely overpriced.  They also have a full bar but their pours a weak, which may be why a beer is more than a single liquor drink. They do try to hold events like food truck rallies and put out corn hole every once in a while. Honestly, I would never go out of my way or make plans to visit the Sail Pavilion.
When the weather is nice this is the perfect place to grab a drink. This bar is located next to the convention center outside on the water. Enjoy a craft beer and relax at the bar or one of the more private tables. The crowd is usually a mix of tourists and locals. tip 1: park on Harbour Island and walk over. Much cheaper than parking at the convention center or Forum. tip 2: On the second Friday of each month they do a Brews & Bites event. There are about 4 food trucks and live music. It's a great event. I gave this place 4 stars because parking can be tricky if you do not know the area. Beer is also pretty expensive here. You can't beat the view though so it is worth it.
Great location! Awesome drinks. Right next to Jackson's, Tampa general hospital and convention center. Amazing drinks :) I also love that it's on the water
here on business at the Convention Center and staying at the Embassy. Please visit with Simona & Cody. Simona makes a MEAN mango and watermelon mojitos amongst other drinks. The conversation, music and jokes kept me here planted at the bar for HOURS. Very nice group of people. The area was clean and well maintained. Thank you Sail Pavilion for a wonderful experience and I will be back very soon. Josh
I went here for the 'Bites and Brews' event I heard about. There were four food trucks nearby as well as this place hosting a musician and some waterfront seating. I think they were just a tad overwhelmed. The lines were crazy. The event advertised there'd be craft beer specials. When I asked about such specials, I was told the special was $4 tall Bud Lite cans. I wouldn't count Bud Lite as a craft beer. I think I'd like to check this place out again as the view is great and the location is prime. I think it draws a lot of business from the neighboring hotels, my guess for why some of the drinks seem to be a bit pricey.
How has this place not been Yelped yet?? This is a fantastic open air bar located on the water right next to the convention center. If you're visiting Tampa, this is a great spot to take a break and have a few drinks while you're downtown. We spent a gorgeous Saturday afternoon sitting here enjoying the weather and watching the University of Tampa crew team row by while we sipped on our beers (sidenote: crew looks hard). Drinks are pretty cheap. They also have snacks/appetizers, but I don't think they have full meals. It doesn't open until 4 pm during the week, but opens at 11 am on the weekends.
Nice chill spot by the water. Young hip and good drinks. Service so so kinda rude bartenders and food is run from across the street (long wait) however great spot for drinks and people watching.
I love any place in Tampa that manages to capitalize on our spectacular views. The Sail Pavilion is a 360-degree outdoor bar that's close to the Forum and Convention Center and easy to get to from the trolley. Plenty of outdoor seating and benches. On Friday night they had a live band. I noticed a ton of folks with their dogs, and even some kids playing on the grassy area nearby.  We parked in the Harbour Island parking garage which is about a two-minute walk to the pavilion. I've heard the beer selection is just average, but otherwise it's the perfect place to kickback and unwind near the water.
There is no doubt. The scenery in and around this walk-up bar is spectacular; but to NOT have Yuengling at a bar that prides itself on advertising Yuengling all over the place is HYPOCRITICAL. I like the concept but it's inexcusable.
Sail's is in an excellent location on the bay. They have friendly bartenders that know what to do and where to go around town depending on what you are looking for. They allow dogs and provide dog bowls for them to drink from. There is plenty of space - lots of tables. They have a jukebox with good tunes and a few TVs at the bar. The beer selection is adequate, but they specialize in cocktails and mixed drinks. It's a nice place to unwind after working all day. They serve food on Friday, Saturday and Sundays only. Word on the street is that sometimes they have live music, but I haven't seen that yet.
Great for day drinking. On the water with lots of seating and dog friendly. Picture this: public restrooms...no a/c...in Florida...in August. Now that you have that colorful image (and equally interesting aroma) in your head you are aware of my only complaint. The pavilion is right on River Walk but the bathrooms are a detached building, set back from the walkways and clearly open for public use. If I could've "held it" I wouldn't have another complaint about this place. Great drinks, really nice staff, and the patrons were in a chill, laid back mood.  I think this is where grownups "pregame" instead of doing power hours at someone's crappy apartment.
The Sail Pavilion is one of those little gems that only locals and tourists know about.  I can't imagine anyone driving all the way to downtown just to come here. But if you're already in downtown, this is a good place to stop by. It's basically a bar.  It's mostly outdoor seating with a great view of the channel and entrance to the Hillsborough River. It's located right next to the Convention Center.   There's nothing really special about it.  If you want to have a beer while you wait for some friends or want to use it as a meeting spot to go somewhere else downtown,  "let's meet at the Sail Pavilion",  that's really all its good for. They are building some restrooms next to the Pavillion, which is convenient given the heavy drinking that goes on during the weekend. If you are already walking downtown and want to take a load off your feet and drink a cold one,  this is a good spot to sit outside, soak up the nice view,  and hang out.  But make sure you have other plans afterwards, otherwise you may get bored.
Oh how I wished I worked close to this place!  It's a perfect happy hour spot.  It's in the beautiful Riverwalk area and you have a beautiful water view.  I've been here a couple times now and I absolutely love to just sit back, relax, and enjoy the view.   The beer is very reasonable, but here's where my one complaint comes in... I need better beer options!  They do have a lot of options already, but it is not a variety at all.  They have all the usual, crappy, big corporation, American beers.  Yup, I said it.   I would LOVE to see more craft beer, especially local beer.  Show Cigar City some love!  They're so close.  I would be thrilled with just one or two options for craft beers and/or darker beers.
I have mixed feelings about this location. I have been here a couple of times and each time I order a drink and I was told they didn't have it so I'm not sure if they just carry liquor/beer that sales the most.... I returned recently for their "Brews and Bites Food Truck Rally" there were only four trucks with very long lines. They did have a "Craft Beer" station just next to the Pavilion but it was easy to walk by it without realizing that it was the beer stand and not just a stand alone bar. I believe this is the first event of this kind at this location so I think they were testing the water. I'm looking forward to the next event and tasting the beers....the best part is the view. That's the reason we live in FL.
I'm writing this review with a beer in my hand and the sun on my back so, ya, I dig this place. This is one of the rare places in South Tampa that you can enjoy a drink on the water. The staff at Sail Pavilion is great. They also make you feel like a friend even on the first visit. They can get a little overwhelmed on pretty days and it can take some time to get a drink. This doesn't bother me as much because I feel like I'm on island time here but it is one of the reasons I'm not giving this place the elusive 5 star rating. The margaritas are a little too sweet for my tastes. My mom got a bad vodka tonic before and they made her a new drink and removed the vodka tonic from our bill.  They have a new summer drink menu that is good. The blueberry lemonade is delish! They have live music starting Thursday. They have $3 Budlight Tallboys on weekends so I recommend that. The second reason for not giving it 5 stars is the drink prices. I wish they had a locals card or something so people from the area didn't have to pay tourist prices. A beer is $4.50, mixed drinks are about $6. I live in Channelside so I love places that I can get to on my Pomeranian-toting bicycle. This may make me bias. I love it though. It feels like an actual escape from the grind. They are extremely dog friendly. Now, enough yelping! I'm going to enjoy a beer with my pup and watch the boats float by! :)
Don't waste your money. This place sucks for mixed drinks....got a "mojito." It was a tiny cup full of ice with only a couple sips of bitter lime water. Worst drink of my life. Told the bartender and he did absolutely nothing about it... needless to say, left a bad taste in my mouth.
A great place to relax by the water.  The view of Harbour Island and Davis Island is awesome!    They have food trucks there every once in a while!
Nice place to have a drink!!.. Beautiful view and good service!!.. If you enjoy outdoors bars, beside the water. This place would be great for you!!
This place is awesome. There is a really cool vacation vibe right in our hometown. On the second Friday night of each month six different food trucks come for Brews & Bites. Early in the evening it is a family friend events and you never know what type of unique people you will met wandering out of the convention center right next to the Sail Pavilion. It is an enjoyable night outside.
Great view of the water great outside seating only problem is it can get really crowded and take a while to get your drinks. Went on a food truck Friday and the crowd was just too large to enjoy was taking people 15 to 20 minutes to at least order the food and then wait 30 to 40 minutes to get their food.
This is one of my favorite places in all of Tampa.  So, why not five stars then.....well, it's not Sail Pavilion's fault but I really cannot handle cigarette smoke and since this is outdoors you're bound to smell it.  Ok, back to why this place is so great.  It is right on water.  Hold the presses, I know a cool place on the water in Tampa....didn't know those existed.  This is a round pavilion overlooking the water directly across from Jacksons by the Convention Center.  They have their own bathrooms on site, which has been a great addition as you used to have to walk into the convention center to use their facilities.  Don't come here hungry because they don't really serve food, but the drinks are reasonably priced.  If you want to relax and listen to music or play some cornhole this is the place to do it.  Just got done taking the dog for a walk, pull up a chair.  Want a quick drink before you head out on the town, this is also a good spot.  Young and old, dressed up and in sweats this place is just right for all.  We've been known to hang out here for hours during the day or in the evening.  It's just the best!   Not sure where to park...sometimes you can park in the little parking lot next to it, but other times you may just need to park in convention center or Tampa Times Forum lots and make the quick walk.   Oh, and they are going to start having food trucks again on Fridays so walk down for dinner and stay for the great atmosphere!
I agree with Kerry - this place is shockingly awesome... Went with a group of friends a few weeks ago after driving by it for years. This is probably the most casual bar in the area with sweeping views of the bay and Downtown. Drinks were decently priced - $6 for a draft Stella. Parking could be a little confusing, especially for tourists. I had planned on leaving my car in the driveway for the convention center, however they had a late-night event. Their parking attendant directed me to a great space nearby, but make sure you're in a legit spot (and check with their security if someone's outside at their post). Very convenient distance to the local trolley stop too...
This is a great waterfront, outside bar to enjoy our downtown Tampa water views.  We came here during Brews & Bites and it was way too crowded.  I hope it's not that crowded all the time.  There was no where to sit and the lines to get a drink were way too long.  I would like to come back and try it out again when it wasn't so busy and I could actually enjoy it.  Since it's outside it's also dog friendly, which I love!
Perfect place to relax with friends for some drinks and wonderful conversation.  The atmosphere and the location are superb.  Definitely make a stop at this place as it is not deserted and not packed.  Has a laid back nice feeling and perfect for after dinner drinks
AWESOME!  CONVENENT!  Great place to escape during a lul in whatever conference you are attending and grab a beer!  Very friendly staff and awesome location with great water views!
My girlfriend and I used to go there at least two times a week for about 8 months straight. At that point they literally doubled their prices. The prices kept increasing and their drinks kept getting smaller. Great view, but not worth $20 for a pitcher of beer.
Cute outdoor spot for drinks with friends. Lots of outdoor seating, beautiful view and the club nearby provides the background music.
I read the great reviews and decided to check this out last night.  I wish someone had mentioned that there was no food (at all) or table service.  Since I had read all the positive feedback about the staff I assumed there was.  We walked there hoping to grab a drink and a bite at a casual place on the water. The view is nice but there are plenty of other places on the water better.  The live music was so-so and too stuffy to be under the roof even on a balmy evening.  And the place was fairly dead for a Friday "happy hour" time.  We didn't stay even for one drink.
