I am cursed/blessed with blonde hair so I have very light colored eyebrows and eyelashes. I'm going on vacation next week and I don't want to lug a large make up bag with me so I decided to get my eyebrows and lashes tinted at Pia Esthetics Day Spa. Luckily, the spa was able to squeeze me in for a last minute appointment during my lunch break. The moment I stepped inside the spa all of my stress just melted away. The tranquil music and aromatherapy oils really does wonders for the body and soul! Ana did such an amazing job on my eyebrows! She tinted my eyebrows in several stages so we could get the perfect shade. She also did an amazing job of shaping my brows and shaped them so that they were "natural looking". I forgot to bring my glasses with me yesterday so I came back today to get my eyelashes tinted. I admit I was scared to death to have my lashes tinted, but the process was almost pain free. My eyes are very sensitive so it did sting just a little near the end, but my mother taught me as a child that "Pain Equals Beauty". The slight discomfort was well worth it! The eyebrow tinting, eyebrow waxing, and eyelash tinting cost was $54 before tip. At less than $20 a procedure I think this was a great deal and I don't have to use mascara or an eyebrow pencil for the next four weeks! The idea of not dealing with mascara is very appealing so I may be treating myself regularly to this spa service at Pia Esthetics!
Immediately when you walk into Pia, I felt welcomed.  None of the pretentious behavior you sometimes get at other South Tampa businesses!   Szilvia's eyelash extensions are AMAZING!  You can tell she's extremely knowledgeable and has made the whole first time experience comfortable and easy. Very professional and detail oriented.  The results: incredible!  After about a decade of wearing fake eyelashes, I'll definitely be getting extensions/fills regularly.  THANK YOU! Tip:  First time full set fill (synthetic) $200 and took just under 2 hours.  I thought this was very reasonable and the level of service really makes it worth the cost/time.
I have always had a positive experience here! I had a mani & pedi with Sylvia last night. She's an excellent nail tech. Very detail oriented and conscientious.  Atmosphere is relaxing and pleasant and staff is always professional and courteous. Always enjoy my visits.
I go to pias when I really need to relax during a pedicure bc they have zero gravity chairs. They are amazing. I literally will fall asleep immediately in those chairs. It's the ultimate for pedicure relaxation. I want to get the fake eyelash application bc it takes like 3 hours and you get to lay in the zero gravity chair while someone lightly touches your eyes. Looks so relaxing haha. Anyway, they are consistent and all their techs who do waxing are consistently trained and do a great job.
I really wanted to like this place...they are one of few places I have been to that offer Zoya polish, however the selection was very limited....but after a recent visit for a pedicure, I received a large cut on my big toe from the nail file, and a smaller cut on my other big toe. Not only was it very painful but the nail tech added acetone more than once to the cut which exacerbated the pain. She apologized, but it not only hurt bad but looked bad as well. Also, a day after the pedi I noticed my legs were really itchy where she massaged during the pedicure (and no, I did not shave my legs before I went in). I'm not sure if a product they used caused irritation, or what, but I have never had this happen before. All in all I will not be going back.
This place is super cute. It's a house and thus has a very homey and welcoming feel to it. Upon my arrival the front desk girl was very nice and helpful. I had a lip and brow wax done and the woman I had was very good and very nice. She was personable and made an effort to connect with me, which I see a big customer service plus. I love their process as well. After she was done waxing me she took a brush and dusted my face with powder so I didn't look shiny or sticky. She also put lip gloss on my lips. Loved those little touches! I didn't get a chance to look around, but they have a lot of beauty products for sell that looked like good quality. Some things to note...to get to the waxing/massage/facial rooms you have to walk up a flight of stairs. Something to note if you are handicap or don't do stairs very well. I only saw one manicure table and 2 pedicure chairs, so not a good place for groups if that's what you're looking for. They use an intercom system to let the people know their clients have arrived. While I can see how this is efficient to them, I don't think it's a very relaxing experience for the client. Not that big of a deal if you're getting a wax...I just hope they don't have that in the massage/facial rooms. Overall, I had a great experience and will be returning!
I would give this place no stars if I could. I gave this place two tries before I decided I would NEVER go back. I went for a Brazilian with Michelle. When I arrived, I was offered a drink and waited for about 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment time and the receptionist told me she'd be right with me. Ten minutes after that, Michelle came to get me. I felt like she rushed through my wax and when I saw it afterwards, it confirmed she did. Not to be gross, and I know that you can't get everything, but if I can grip it with my fingers, you shouldn't have missed it. I know everyone has their bad days, so I scheduled a second appointment. Again, I got Michelle. When I walked through the door, the receptionist greeted me and asked for my name. She then told me she couldn't find it. Then she asked my name again. We did this about four times before she said "oh, there you are."  She told me to have a seat. She called me Megan and then told me that Michelle was coming down for me. Michelle called me Monica. Again, I had a similar experience with the poor wax job, only this time my skin was bruised and ripped raw. As I was leaving, Michelle said "Thank you Jessica, I hope to see you again." Maybe when they get my name right...
I recently had an appointment for waxing services with Caroline. She was excellent! Very friendly, professional, and made the experience a more comfortable one (which is saying a lot, as getting a Brazilian can be very awkward!). I have had similar waxing services several times in the past, and I am happy to say that it was one of the best- less painful and quick enough that I wasn't lying there in pain, wondering when the end would come! Also, upon checkout, I inquired about skin care products in store. Grace was knowledgable and assisted me in choosing which products were right for me. All of the employees that I have encountered here are friendly and polite. I love this location and am already set up to go back. Keep being fantastic!
I'm very picky about my feet - they are ugly - AILEEN at Pia's is fantastic!  The perfect pedicure!!!  Don't miss out on this great experience.
I heard such great things about Pia's, but I have had two bad experiences with them. I went here to get a pedicure and a shellac on my nails a week before my wedding last year. The girl who did my shellac recommended a new color which ended up being so sheer it looked patchy. She re-did it for me, but it resulted her running out of time for my toes so a girl in training needed to do my pedicure which was fine with me. The girl took a very long time and ended up smudging my big toe twice and stabbing my foot with a tool. I was also a little annoyed that the girls were speaking to each other in Spanish the entire time I was there. I had given my feedback to the spa and they kindly sent me a gift certificate for what I paid to return and try their services again. The second time I took my certificate and went to the Westchase location. I ended up getting that same girl who did my pedicure from the Bay to Bay location which was really awkward. What was I going to say? I just let it slide and gave her a second chance. She was still very shaky with her polish application and cut my cuticle and it started bleeding. She then proceed get a jar of liquid bandaid on me with the regular applicator to put on my cut. Disgusting and unsanitary! I was horrified. I would not return to this spa. Glow Day Spa is MUCH nicer.
I recently visited Tampa and was looking for a massage and a facial, both of which I got at Pia's. I flew in late, and was surprised when I called at 6 on a Friday night and they said they could still get me in that evening for both treatments. The 60 minute massage was nice and the facial was excellent. My masseuse asked a lot of questions trying to ensure my experience was customized to my liking. The Refresher Facial though was the highlight of my visit, as I felt like I got more than what I paid for. The physical location could have been improved with a changing room and a locked place to store personal valuables. I also would have enjoyed a steam room, which is available in larger spas.
I honestly cannot say enough about this place. My boyfriend and I went for a couples massage for his birthday. We've both been to quite a few spas in Tampa, but after discovering Pia, we both agreed there is no place better than this! Upon arriving we were asked if we wanted water, coffee or sangria. The staff was very welcoming, professional and thorough - asking us what areas we wanted concentrated on and the amount of pressure we were comfortable with. The best part was they weren't "chatty" or trying to make conversation during the massage. They let us actually relax and enjoy our time. Unlike others, we didn't have any trouble with parking, and we were there on a Sunday afternoon. I would recommend Pia over any spa in Tampa for a massage!
Let's be real, brazilian waxing hardly ever feels good. But, if anyone can make it tolerable to the point of still smiling whilst hot wax is tugging at delicate hairs, it is Pia Esthetics. I paid a visit here after an awful burn experience at a nearby spa that shall not be named and I left on cloud nine. My technician was superb. Thoughtful, humorous (which is important in these situations), and gentle, she had me in and out in no time. Best part? She used a combination of hard and soft wax, an action that many spas don't do. This lady meant business and knew what she was doing. I have found my new place for this intimate procedure and am actually looking forward to my next appointment...that NEVER happens. I had to take one star away for parking and the size of the rooms. If you are claustrophobic, don't go here. I had to shimmy out of my clothes with the least amount of movement known to man. And their parking lot only fits about seven cars at a time. With a location on Bay to Bay, street parking is out of the question so I do hope they consider expanding somehow. Everything else was fantastico!
My wonderful husband bought me a gift certificate for my birthday after reading some stellar reviews.  He got me a 90 minute deep tissue massage, a 60 minute sugar scrub, and eyebrow shaping.  It was all just perfect.  I love that it is located in a quaint, older house.  It's very warm and inviting.   Everyone there is so nice, from the moment you are greeted as you walk in to the time you say goodbye.  Don did my massage and sugar scrub.  He was very attentive and worked according to my preferences.  I had never had a sugar scrub before, but I loved it.  It was like continuing the massage, but a little more gentle with exfoliation.  My skin was incredibly soft after wards! The eyebrow shaping was the best I've ever had.  I'm constantly guilty of over-tweezing and making my brows look ridiculous.  I needed some help fixing them.  My technician was very helpful and showed me where I needed to let more hair grow and told me to come back in a 2-3 to keep it up.  I was so pleased with the results that I came back exactly 3 weeks later.  I had a different technician who was just as helpful.  She took her time and showed me areas not to pluck and told me to come back in a month to try to get the shape the way I want it.  Needless to say, I'm definitely going back in a month and every month after that.   The next time I need an eyebrow wax or splurge day to relax, I'm calling Pia.
Want to know how to win big points with the special lady in your life?  Send her to Pia Esthetics for their 60-minute Relaxation Massage and just sit back and wait for the praise and gratitude that will follow. Pia Esthetics is located in a charming old, renovated home and it seems like from the other reviews they have a loyal following for their waxing, but I was there for a 60 minute Relaxation Massage today and they certainly didn't disappoint.  I was able to get a same-day appointment when I called this morning and I was seen by Krista, one of two massage therapists there.   Everything about the experience was wonderful:  the serenity and warmth of the dimly lit room, the comfortable massage table and soft linens, the soothing aromatherapy candle and the tranquil music.  The massage itself was pure bliss - Krista started on my neck and shoulders and worked her way down my back, arms and legs all the way to my feet, before having me flip over and working back up towards my head, finishing with a relaxing scalp massage.  She was very professional and had great technique, smoothing out any kinks and knots I had in my muscles while promoting total relaxation.  And I appreciated her use of coconut oil which left my skin baby smooth.  Also worth noting, she didn't try to be overly conversational during the massage, which I appreciated, as I was there to relax.   The price was, I think, reasonable for the service and I have absolutely nothing but positive thoughts of the whole experience.  I will definitely return here the next time I'm in need of relaxation and rejuvenation to face whatever life throws at me.
This was my first visit to Pia, and I was very impressed with everything y'all had to offer.  The reception was warm and inviting, offering me water, margaritas and Sangria for Cinco de Mayo.  I enjoyed the ambiance while waiting for my treatment.   It has been years since I've gotten a bikini wax, and your esthetician made me feel like I've been getting them often.  She was friendly and just the right amount of talkative to keep my mind off the pain.  She did a great job on the wax.   I booked a massage while I was there.  I will be back!   Live well, Carolyn
Pia has a second location in Westchase, which is where I've been going for two years now.  The spa is clean, uncluttered and serene.  You couldn't ask for more from a small place like this. All the services I've had (massage, facial, waxing) have been outstanding and I continue to go back again and again.  Everyone there is very friendly and welcoming.  I definitely recommend Pia to anyone who is looking for a good day spa.
This is the first time I have enjoyed multiple mini spa sessions at a "day spa"  at this Yelp event. The staff was friendly and professional. I had never had my eyebrows waxed and tinted but the technician made it very comfortable for me and gladly answered any questions I had. The nail tech Vivian was as well. She was the one who suggested the eye brow tint. I was very pleased. She also did a wonderful job on my nails. Don gave me the best mini 10 minute chair massage to end my evening. The location on Bay to Bay was fantastic. The comfort of an old two story home with hard wood floors and quiet nooks and crannies make for a relaxing experience. I would recommend this location to my friends and associates.
Two friends and I decided to pamper ourselves a little and decided to make an appointment at Pia's because I'd heard some really nice things about the place.  We went to the location in St. Petersburg and we were all very pleased.  Our appointments were at 4pm, when we arrived they were finishing up with a few people and since we were the last appointment we sort of had the place to ourselves.   Everyone who worked there was very pleasant and friendly.  We were offered beverages as soon as we walked in and throughout our time there.  Our services were done very well and professional.  The whole place was very neat, clean and inviting.  We will definitely be going back for all of our spa treatment needs.
I went to this location because it was closer than the westchase location and i regret it, the employees are very snobby stuck up and are very unprofessional. While i was getting work done i heard a member of management tell another employee not to apologist to customers because it sounds unprofessional. I guess being nice and courteous is not part of the environment at pia spa. And the prices were way to high in this current economy.
Definitely my favorite full service spa in Tampa! They do everything - waxing, massages, nails, facials, etc. They do book up pretty quick, so it is smart to get an appointments ahead of time - especially during the holidays and long weekends! Everyone that I have had there does a good job. I usually go there for waxing, but have received a few manicures and pedicures from there as well. It is a little bit pricy, but well worth it in my opinion!
I was welcomed with 2 glasses of sangria. The place was nice and clean but I'm not sure what was up with the restroom but it smelled funky. Ana was nice funny and thorough. I had a great Brazilian with vajazzle which my husband really liked. Now, I went there Friday night and today Sunday I'm still irritated. I'm not sure if the wax was too hot or was left on my skin too long but my skin is not doing good :( I did receive a phone call from their customer service manager offering me an oitnment for my burn.  This is the first time ever in my life that I have been burned by a brazilian, though I have been receiving this kind of wax since 2005 (in LA though). Other than that I really appreciated the little paper undies.
I need to start this review out by stating I have not been to Pia in almost three years because I sadly no longer live in Tampa.  With that being said the services I experienced here have caused me to compare everything to this day spa.  Yes, Pia is known for their waxing services, but lets first discuss their customer service and the way they treat their customers from the time you walk in the door and even after you leave.  Walking in, I was always greeted warmly from my first visit as a new customer and after I became a regular.  They always also sent emails to follow up on customer satisfaction and sent out gift cards for special occasions and had customer focused events and the spa which was always a classy touch, something I've yet to find since leaving here.  Another thing I loved was when I moved they called me to find out where I had been to see if they had done something wrong to lose my business.  THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE. Moving on past just the customer service.  I had the opportunity to see Pia while I was at the spa, but I typically saw Emmy for my waxing and my facials.  Coming here sadly made me realize that waxing doesn't hurt.  Ladies if you're reading this waxing shouldn't hurt.  If you're in a room and you're screeching during a wax, run don't walk here and schedule yourself a wax.   The facials here are also nothing short of amazing. I hope that my travels one day find us back in Tampa if not just to start enjoying the services here again. People of South Tampa.... you have a gem.  Please keep them in business...  I have a plan to move back here eventually and I'd like my old favorites to still be open :)
I really like Pia's. I've had three Brazillian's so far, each time with a different esthetician. It a little pricier, but the atmosphere is very relaxing, it usually only takes 10-15 minutes and I've been comfortable every time. The only thing to come up so far is that they did "lose" my appointment once. I anticipated it happening as I walked in the door, as I realized I had never gotten a confirmation email. No matter, they squeezed me in and I only had to wait 10 minutes longer than expected.
Clean salon.  Greeted and offered a cool drink right away.  Comfortable waiting area with lots of cushy couches. Wax was pretty much the fastest, cleanest, most efficient job.  The waxer was Michelle -- and i immediately felt comfortable working with her.  I had a full leg, underarm, brow and lip  (which i have been doing about 13 yrs) and all this took less than an hr and i was extremely pleased with the outcome.   Two days after - no stubs, broken hairs or gnarly bumps. I won't say painless --- because we all know that pulling ones hair out with wax is not painless --- but Michelle was very good and did the right amount of area, with the right amount of wax and at the right speed (not too fast or slow).   And she cleaned off any excess wax, which is normally not done. Plenty of parking - just be careful pulling out of parking lot, it can get busy.  Highly suggest an appt, but i think they take walk ins. Service was priced right, within the local market for this type of service. They do everything but hair... so feel free to indulge in other services....
I've been here several times over the past year for waxing. The technicians are always professional and do a great job of distracting me from what they're doing :) I find everything to be very clean, it seems as though everything they use is disposable. I've never had any of the other services there.
Pia is the absolutely best place to go for waxing.  I've had a number of bad waxes at other spas and I have decided never to go anywhere else for a wax.  I usually get a full leg and some kind of bikini wax.  They are so fast and never hurt you.  I've also had facials at the spa and I have been very pleased.  I love their manicures and pedicures, but they are pricey.  However, if money wasn't a problem, I would go there all the time for manis and pedis!
Very cute place, attentive staff...overall excellent service. I love my nails, Vivian did a great job. I'll be back!
I just got my second brazilian wax at Pia (the other one was two years ago, and I was very happy with the results then). I live in NYC and get frequent waxes there, so I know what is good and bad with a wax and what to expect. This was not a good one. I have never felt compelled to write a spa review on Yelp but I felt like this situation deserved it... I was in town visiting my family for Thanksgiving and decided it was a good time to get a wax. However, because of my busy work schedule and a long-distance relationship situation, I had allowed several months to lapse before my last one - and given that I was supposed to see my boyfriend this week, I had no more excuses for waiting. I called and made an appointment and specified to the. receptionist that it had been almost 6 months since my last wax. I showed up for my appointment a few minutes early, enjoyed a complimentary glass of sangria and saw Michelle, who was very nice and concerned about my comfort level throughout the wax. I was thoroughly prepared to give her a generous tip given the extra work involved in waxing someone after almost 6 months from their last wax! Although she was very gentle and conversational, at the end of my wax I was pretty appalled with the results. Without getting graphic, she left a fairly significant amount of "nether region" hair that the brazilian is specifically supposed to cover. She only went about an inch margin into the bikini region, which I had never experencied at a wax before (usually its at least 2 inches) but I suppose could be standard at Pia. The triangle she left was long, untrimmed and totally asymmetrical. She fixed the asymmetry when I pointed it out but it still looks ungroomed compared to the immaculate borders I get in NYC. But worst of all - she didn't touch the happy trail hair. At all. Which to me is one of the most important parts. I would have spoken up, but from the definitive way she ended the wax I thought it must not be included in the price. After my wax, I was confused and thought maybe my expectations as a New Yorker were too much. I actually considered paying extra to get the bikini area and happy trail done later that day just to get it out of the way and was speaking to the receptionist when I saw their waxing menu, which clearly specified that the happy trail area was covered in every bikini wax. The receptionist apologized and said I wouldn't be charged more to "complete the service" if I came back. At that point, I was pretty upset and felt cheated. The receptionist kindly gave me 20% off the wax and apologized again, which deserves pointing out for good customer service. From the place in Tampa that has the reputation as the best waxing spa (which I would have agreed based on my first wax, which for the record was also after a long waxing hiatus), this was an unpleasant surprise. I hope this was a fluke. I gave the second star based on the fact that Michelle was very nice and gentle and because the receptionist didn't hesitate to give me the discount after part of the service was blatantly left off. Also, the spa is cute and clean. Nevertheless, they've lost me as a customer, which is too bad because it was nice having a go-to in Tampa for a wax. I have already made an appointment in NYC to fix this sloppy wax, so I will be paying extra anyways. If anyone has suggestions for Tampa please pass them along!
The only place to get waxed! They specialize in Brazilian, Hollywood and Sphinx waxing and they are shockingly quick and efficient at it. I highly recommend the Papaya Depil Mousse they sell for $25 used to prevent hair growth. You will never stray once tried! The Spa is vibrant and beautiful; bring a friend and if they happen to finish before you they can sit out on the spacious patio deck or bring your lap top and they can hook up to the net while they wait on you.
This is the BEST place in Tampa for waxing services.  I've had services performed by three members of their staff and they were all equally experienced, efficient and personable.  PERFECT!  I highly recommend Pia's.
I went to Pia a few times before I came across a girl who traumatized me with the Brazilian wax service I attempted to receive. She spent 45min trying to wax me switching from hard to soft wax several times before I told her not to worry about it and finally escaped. She also was set on telling me (after the horrible experience) that she just got out of school and was not really experienced. I work in a salon so I understand everyone has to start somewhere but I will never let that be my nether regions EVER again. Normally the spa is great but seriously they need to make these people test out before charging guests full price on a service that I should have been paid to get in. Every other service I have ever received has been wonderful.
Outstanding service and a great atmosphere. I definitely recommend Pia Day Spa, a surefire cure after a long, stressful week.
Very nice place but I wouldn't say it is the best I have ever been too. Facial was very good, but they wouldn't add a eyebrow wax to my services even though I was already laying on the table. I am not a fan of places that make me feel like just another person they are trying to get through the door. All in all, good place but I will keep looking.
Fantastic salon. Can only address the waxing, but Tania was meticulous and a true professional. WIll never go anywhere else, the best I've had.
Pia is one of my top 2 places for brazilian waxes and my number one choice for pedicures! I even drag my fiance' along with me when I get pedicures. Their chairs are comfy, they always have good reading material and they serve sangria and your choice of teas or coffees. The staff is so sweet and friendly. I've taken many friends there with me. The brazilian waxers are great and professional. So far, I've never had any issues or complaints. Love the setting, love the office, love the place.
Love it!! Show up early to enjoy a few glasses of Sangria before your treatment.  ;)
I walked in to Pia last weekend and they got me in right away for a pedi and scheduled me later that day for a massage! tania and don were wonderful, as was the front desk receptionist! thank you, I'll be back!
I have attended several this Pia Esthetics several times for a Brazilian Wax. I was very nervous the first time because of the sensitivity of the service. However, the esthetician Emmy was great. She explained everything and made me feel at ease. I will tell anyone who is nervous about getting a Brazilian wax for the first time, this place to go.
I live out of town, but got married in Tampa. I had to have a Brazillian Bikini wax before the wedding. I've had very good and very bad Brazillians, but this was one of the better ones. It was quick, relatively painless and the results were good. I liked the attention to detail. THANKS! (And thanks from my husband, too)
I went here during my time in Tampa after reading the reviews and I wasn't disappointed.  When I arrived, they offered me a drink while waiting, and the atmosphere was nice and relaxing.  The esthetician was great and made sure I was comfortable. The waxing was quick and efficient, and the prices weren't too bad either.  I'd definately recommend.
Best Brazillian waxers in the city! And by far the cheapest.
I went to the new St. Petersburg location, and it was a great experience. I believe they only do waxing at this location for right now. Reasonable pricing for waxing. I will definitely be going back!!!
The mani and pedi were great.  The waxing was not fantastic.  This is the first place I went once I moved here from a big city.  Now I prefer going to Roma for waxing, and I go to the Grand for nails and spa treatments because their facility is awesome (hello, sauna!).
This is the only place I will go to for waxing and Ana is the BEST.  Enough said..
