Very easy to schedule online. Was greeted right away and offered tea, coffee or water (if you come in the afternoon they also offer wine).  Got in for my pedicure a few minutes early. Paola did a great job taking care of my feet that were long overdue for a pedicure.  She was quiet with none of the idle chatter,  which I enjoyed about her. Gave me a chance to really relax. The pedi was quick, barely 45 mins but she did a great job!  I would recommend her and will definitely be back.   FYI ...this review is written by Dave's wife! Lol!
Terrible with scheduling, I was told I had 1:30pm highlight with a guy named Randy and waited an extra 45 min, after that I showed him a picture of natural highlights and he fried my hair, and then insisted that I had a "toner" to fill it and give it protein. Oh and didn't tell me any extra cost amount which added up to be about 150.00 more!! Next time I will just do it myself. Oh and prepared to be harassed about buying every product under the sun, which I HATE!
The lady leaving seemed pleased which is why I leave the second star. I stayed on the phone waiting for someone to pick up for 14 minutes as I drove to this location. I walk in to see four employees standing around a phone with the line 1 light blinking. As if that wasn't enough, they denied my walk-in stating they were closing earlier than the posted hours on the door. Well I wish I could've known that while holding on the phone for so long.
This review is for if you are considering using Level Salon for day-of wedding services. First, the actual makeup and hair stylists here are wonderful.  Absolutely loved my hair by Josh and makeup by Jeremiah.  Don't be afraid to tell them exactly what you want - they will make sure you are absolutely comfortable with your look. Why only 2 stars then?  Because this salon is very, VERY poorly managed.  I had the displeasure of dealing with Tami, who is the one that coordinates wedding groups.  I worked with her over a period of 6 months as changes to my group were made, services were added, etc.  She is absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to reach.  Every time I called, she was never there.  When she did call me back once, she told me to feel free to email her - so I started to try to contact her via email.  Well, she would either never respond, or take at least a week to respond.  When I would try to call the salon directly to get some answers, I spoke to Victoria, who is extremely friendly and very helpful.  But then, what happened?  I got yelled at by Tami for asking Victoria wedding related questions!! In addition, Tami failed to inform me that my original hair stylist had left the salon (after I had already done a trial session), and unilaterally set me up with another stylist, without ever informing me.  If I hadn't by chance requested a schedule of all the appointments, I would have never known about this change until my wedding day.  I'm not too sure what made her think it was OK to NOT tell a bride that her hair stylist had left the salon!!!  They did make it up by allowing me a free trial with Josh, who I ended up with, but her initial failure to inform me of the change was absolutely unacceptable. After all these issues (there were so many more that popped up, that I won't even get into), the best part is, that Tami was never apologetic. She always acted like everything was fine and that she had never done anything wrong.  Her failure to acknowledge these problems became the theme of my dealings with her. All in all, my hair and makeup for my wedding turned out exactly the way I wanted.  Unfortunately, the amount of stress that Tami caused me was unwarranted and unnecessary.  If I could do it all over again, I would NOT book hair and makeup here because of all the additional stress that was created by having to deal with management.  Out of all the vendors that I dealt with for the wedding, Level Salon caused me the MOST stress.
I have been going to Level for the last year.  The stylists and colorists (they are separate at this salon) are generally quite good, although expensive - I pay more at Level than I paid for comparable quality services in Chicago. The problem is the scheduling.  I have been scheduling my appointments 7 to 8 weeks in advance each time in order to get the stylist and colorist I want at the times and dates I need as I work during the day, and evening / weekend appointments are in demand.  The last 3 appointments, the salon has called me about a week before my visit (one time the day of) to tell me that either my stylist or colorist is unavailable.  It's impossible with that short of notice to rebook for an evening or weekend with the same pair without pushing out the appointment many weeks, and they have been unwilling to accommodate me in any other way, such as by either the colorist or stylist coming in early, staying late or coming in on their day off.  So as much as I've enjoyed the quality of their work, I can't continue to go to a salon where I know that appointments made months in advance won't be honored.
Scheduling the appointment was very easy and they are open all weekend. Overall, great customer service. I was offered a beverage while I waited and a hand massage while my hair was in a mask that was included with the shampoo. Since it was my first time, I also received a little gift bag of trial-sized goodies. I would definitely go back, just need to find a stylist I am comfortable with.
I have been going to Martha's salon for YEARS and love this location. Level 2 Salon and Spa have great service and wonderful services, not to mention amazing products.  Josh is magic with my hair and if I ever move out of Tampa, would return specifically to get my hair done there. I also suggest becoming a fan of their Facebook page, so you can stay up to date on events and deals they are putting on. facebook.com/Level2Salon… Love, LOVE Level 2 Salon and Spa!
Went in for first time a few weeks ago. It's a nice, clean place with good spa-like music. I was offered a drink right away, and I did get the standard treatments like hot towel and hand massage. Overall, I was really pleased. Yen did an amazing job with my color correction and ombre coloring. It took a long time but the results were great, she really got what I wanted. Dave rocked the cut & style. My boyfriend also went recently and saw Olivia, who did a great job on his hair style and teaching him how to style it with the correct products. I also bought an Aveda wooden brush, which has been amazing in comparison with my old plastic one. #worthit. Everyone is very friendly and knew what they were doing. We will definitely be going back, despite the one negative which is high end salon pricing - but for your hair, it's well worth it.  Also, there are levels of pricing for stylists, and possibly for colorists, not sure... finally, I want to try getting makeup done there for a special event.
This salon is alway attentive and generous with offering Aveda tea or water while you process.  The facility is comfortable and clean.  So why did I give it 1 star?  Because this is a salon and the services were sub par with the lack of a manager. My first visit:  I had highlights scheduled.  My stylist decided to use me as a Guinea pig and train someone on my long thick hair. The service was not professional nor was it courteous. She talked to her colleague the entire service. Tip: Don't use my head of hair to train someone then charge me for it.  And ask me if I'm okay with you training someone with my hair before you do. My second visit: My color was very close to Jennifer Anniston, dirty blonde. I told my stylist I wanted some chunky highlights and lowlights.  I ended up with mahogany wood brown hair color all over.  I expressed my concern to my stylist ...that I was not happy with the color and she replied that it will lighten after a couple washes.  It has not. It still resembles 70s furniture.  (Chantelle) After the wash out, the person doing my blow dry commenced to rip through my hair yanking at the tangles that were created in the bowl.  I offered to detangle my own hair to avoid ripping and breaking it.  I start detangling my hair and commented on how disappointed I was with my now dry and tangled locks.   The stylist asked me if they used deep conditioner on my hair when washing it. How would I know?  Ask your colleague.  This is your profession, not mine.  Then he picks up another brush and helps me detangle my hair on the other side only to continue ripping and yanking.   At that point I let him know how disappointed I was in the service and told him I need to take a moment because I was very angry in the treatment of my hair.  I stood up and and went to the restroom to take a second to breath.  I return and there is no manager, no apologies, nothing.  He decides to spray this conditioning treatment in my hair then rinsed.  It didn't work.   (Randy) End result: $265.  I pay for a horrible color, ripped hair and $65 for a nightmare blowout.  Really? $65 for the blowout?  AND they charged me $15 for the spray conditioner!!! I'm calling today to get my money back and I've booked with another salon. ..Update: I just tried to speak with the manager. I learned that the manager is only in the salon a couple days a week and more of an at-home administrator!?!?!
Nanette is the best eye brow artist! I've never thought I cared who did my eyebrows. But she really is the best and really cares about her clients. Highly recommend her!
I have been coming to this place for years and it is great. I've tried other salons but always find myself coming back for the professional staff and overall top-notch experience. It is definitely pricey but after a few lousy experiences at cheaper salons, I decided that if there's one thing worth spending a little more money on, it's my hair. I get cut and color there but they do offer a full suite of spa services including manicures, massages, facials, etc. I go to Chantal for color and Nic for cut, but honestly you're in good hands with any of them. You walk in and are greeted by a friendly host who offers up complimentary tea and coffee, or wine! Level is an Aveda salon so they do all of the standard complimentary treatments like head massage, hand massage and hot towel wrap. The thing I like best about this salon is that in all my years of coming here, I always get exactly what I ask for. There's something to be said for that! Oh and if you refer a friend, you get 20% off your next visit. I believe thei first visit is 20% off as well.
So disappointed!  The last haircut I got was not in the right shape, so it grew out kinda funky and too fast.  When I called to make an appointment for another cut (way too soon, in my opinion), the front desk informed me that my stylist now charges $70.   Yikes.  I stayed with him for the bump from $50 to $60, but that's getting expensive. I tried to negotiate back down to the $60 that I had been paying (for 2 years).  How about a cut with no style (no blowout or flat iron) for a $60 bill?  (i have really long and thick hair, so it takes a good 15-20 minutes just to style it). No deal, said the front desk.   So even if I leave with wet hair and I'm only in the chair half the time you're going to charge me full price?   Yep. Hhhhmmmm.  I'm not great at math, but that just seems wrong somehow. I found another salon.
I am a huge fan of Level. It is pretty easy to schedule a last minute appointment, and they are even open on Sundays. Just be sure to ask when you call what level your stylist is considered. You could be given someone that charges $50, or someone that charges $35 for a cut. Both will do a great job - one will just be less expensive. They use amazing Aveda products, so you know you are in a great place. It is a very nice place to be able to go and relax. You get a hand massage while you are getting your hair washed - I love that little perk! I recommend going to see Stephanie or Faith. Both stylists are amazing!
I had a terrible experience with Yen & the manager Tammy. After Yen dumped black hair dye on my head Tammy refused to refund my money and made me come back- only to be talked into something else I did not want. I left in tears & of course Tammy the manager was nowhere to help- in fact the whole staff was having a meeting at the front and ignored me- while drinking wine! Shame on the owner as well who was there and refused to come over & speak with me. Logging my BBB complaint next...
best haircut I've received in Tampa. Friendly, professional staff. been to two different stylists here and have nothing but good things to say about both of them.
No matter where I live, I always go to Aveda salons for my hair needs. Level is a great spot - nice, relaxing atmosphere with a helpful and friendly staff. My stylist was fantastic - she knew the exact color I needed without much explanation from me. The only bummer was that there was no head/neck massage with essential oils like every Aveda salon I have gone to - but maybe she was short on time? Even that being said, I will for sure be going back! -Jen
I've been going to this salon for over three years and always get a great haircut, facial and nail treatment. If I could this would be 3.5 stars. I didn't give it four or five stars, however, because it seems like the customer service has gone down since they moved into the new downstairs location. The last few times I've been in there's been a mistake in what I was charged (and a lot of confusion to get ti fixed), my scalp got burnt by an apprentice blow-drying me instead of my usually stylist (who used to always dry and style me) and in general felt rushed. I thought it was just me, but when I mentioned it to a friend who also goes here (or used to), she felt the same way. I decided to find another salon where I could get the service I used to get at Level.
I never set hair appointments in advance so thankfully this location is very flexible with last minute appointments. Everyone has always been very professional and they don't push products on you. The head and hand massage you get with a shampoo is top notch and worth every penny. I always leave here feeling completely relaxed which distracts me from realizing my wallet is a lot lighter. They do offer different pricing depending on the level of stylist. If you are looking for a cheaper option that would be something good to look into on the website or call and find out who is available.
This review is for Chaz. He colored my hair and my husbands. He did a fantastic honest job for a reasonable cost. He was very gracious to the fact we were late to our appointment so I highly appreciated that!!!! Will come back to see him if we are ever back in Tampa.
Love, love, LOOOOOOOOOVE this salon! After 3 long months of soul-searching and a sub-par salon experience elsewhere, I've found my hair home in Tampa! Level 2 is my new best friend. Jayne did my color and Rachel did my cut. I've never had my color look as good as it does now. And I'll never look back. Level 2 Salon & Spa...you complete me.
Nannette is an amazing esthetician. She's super friendly and makes you feel extremely comfortable and relaxed. Maggie is my colorist and she's just amazing. I walked in blonde and walked out a brunette again and have never been happier.
I love Level 2 Salon and Spa. It has taken me a couple years to finally find a salon that can do it all and as a bonus they carry Aveda products. I have curly hair and it is really hard to find someone that knows how to cut it. Adriana is that person, she is a fabulous hairstylist and never disappoints. In addition, I also get my hair color done at Level2 by Shantel. She is an amazing colorist and it is so great to finally find someone that understands exactly what I want.   I love this place and would recommend it to anyone!!
I've been getting facials here for the past couple of years and it's so relaxing! Both ladies are great and I would recommend it to anyone!
I've been a client at Level for about 5 years now.  I always see Adriana for my haircuts.  She specializes in curly hair, which I don't have, but I do have some serious natural waves which she always can manage to control.  Adriana has always listened to what I'm requesting and usually delivers on point.  Anytime that I haven't liked something she has been prompt to change it.  What I like is that they encourage continued education and Adriana has often come back with new techniques!  I get my brows done here and wouldn't go anywhere else.  They are perfect every time.  Plus, when I'm not with child I love to sip on the Aveda tea during my appointment.  I've never really had an issue scheduling an appointment and love the convenient location in Hyde Park Village.  I like that Aveda products are naturally derived, but do wish that they would move further to the all-natural, organic stance.
