I am very pleased with this nail salon.  This was my second visit, and this visit was even better than the first.  I love that I can walk in, and they have plenty of people on staff ready to assist.  I also love that they have a price list they give to all their clientele to show the different pedicure options available, and what each option entails.  I have been in too many nail salons where the pricing just seems so random. Everything in the space appeared to be very clean and sanitary.  Plenty of nail color options, in both regular polish and gel.  It's always nice to be offered a bottle of water to drink.  The Owner answers the phone essentially non-stop for people making appointments, and they welcome appointments by text, too. For my most recent visit, a friend referred me to the technician Quinn, who has been with the salon for 8 years.  She was outstanding.  Speedy and precise on my pedicure, and perfect on my gel manicure.  She listened to what I wanted, and proceeded to give me exactly what I asked for.  Courteous, friendly, and fun, I will definitely be making my future appointments with her.
I have been to many nail spots but this one keeps me coming back! They have plenty of spaces for pedicures and manicures and they do great shellac manicures. They accept walk ins and you are also welcome to make appointments. I have received services from several of the nail techs and they have all done a great job with pedicures and shellac manicures. The service is always friendly and the wait is usually none or just a few minutes. I also like the variety of colors they have available for both regular polish and shellac. They offer other services such as waxing but I haven't utilized that. The prices are reasonable compared to other nail salons they're are pretty much average priced. I would definitely recommend this place.
Made an appointment for a Saturday morning mani, pedi, and brow wax. I checked in a few minutes before my appointment and while I was browsing polishes my technician, Cindy, let me know she was ready. All of my services were great and, despite the spa being very busy, it was a relaxing experience and Cindy was very sweet and talented. It only took a little over an hour for a deluxe spa pedicure, gel nails, and a brow wax. This is definitely one of the best gel/shellac polish applications I've ever had and it's even more impressive because she worked so quickly and flawlessly. My pedi looks great too -- I'm 9 months pregnant so I really appreciate her effort to make my swollen feet look presentable. The brow wax was quick but thorough, I just wanted them cleaned up, but I was happy that there was very little redness or swelling after as I had a wedding to attend that evening. Even at very fancy day spas, I've had bad reactions to the wax and have broken out the day after, but no problems here. Will return, for sure. This is now my go-to place for nails and brows!
Thus place is a gem. Visited after reading the reviews and I'm so kaka I did. EVERYONE is friendly and they treat every customer the sane with polite and friendly, comfy service. They even refilled my pedicure water with warmer water without me asking. They are just all out very thoughtful. I've been looking for a good nail salon for quite some time and I have found my mani pedi home.  Definitely going back again.
EMERGENCY!! Had Nails Done 2 days ago corner of gel broke. Going to Wedding Day after Tomorrow! SAILING FOR 10 DAYS EASTERN CARIBBEAN. MY SON IS GETTING MARRIED! Called the Salon. Started To Text Them. They were not opened yet (OH NO!! Only 8:30am). What's a girl to do! Michelle called me back immediately. Thannnk You, Angels. She told me come on over, of course I did. Took great care of me, started to feel better I was a nervous wreck. Too many things to do.FYI: I know my fellow yelpers already noticed Chachi, IS A WORRY wart :-( Like Lady Gaga I would say,"I was born this way". Well... She buffed up all my nails and added another clear coat of gel. Took great care of me. They were not going to charge me anything,Very Nice and Professional. Of Course I Gave her A "Proper Gratuity. LEFT W/A Smile. NOW THIS IS WHAT CREATES, LOYAL CUSTOMERS, AND SUCCESS! Phu,Mgr. And His Staff Are Really. Rising Up Above. In A Very Competitive Business. Yelpers LOVE WHAT WE DO! Give it To YOU STRAIGHT, BECAUSE IT MATTERS:-)
Today was my third visit to Heavenly Nails. I recently moved to Florida and was searching for a great atmosphere with great services. Tanya has gone the extra mile to ensure that I am happy with shape, texture, color, etc etc. I can not stress enough how many gel color selections they have, and gel makes ALL the difference. I am very pleased, and will continue to make appointments.
I have been a loyal customer of Heavenly Nails for over a decade. This is the only nail salon I trust. Phu, Christine, Quinn, and the rest of the staff at Heavenly Nails have become part of my family. The salon is always amazingly sanitary and clean. Heavenly's interior decor is modern contemporary. The equipment the nail techs utilize is usually state of the art technology. Every month when I go in for my monthly fill, there are always changes being made to improve their salon. This is no ordinary salon. They actually care about their customers! You can carry conversations with the staff. They will remember your name and greet you warmly when you walk in. Heavenly Nails offers three essential Ws (not necessarily in order of importance):  wine, water, and wifi. Their services range from your standard manicure to facials and waxing. The staff here has one of the lowest turnover rates I have ever seen. You can tell from the camaraderie within the salon, that the staff is a close knit group. Keep in mind that their peak hours are weeknights and weekends. It still amazes me that some customers will walk in during these hours and expect to be taken care of right away. Seriously, schedule an appointment, it really isn't that difficult!! You can even text the salon to make an appointment, it's that easy. I highly recommend Heavenly Nails. Once you walk in, you will never want visit any other nail salon again.
Very professional, clean and their walls of nail polish colors is very extensive.  Would definitely go back again.
This was the first nail salon I went to when I moved to tampa and will not going anywhere else. They have done an amazing job on my mani and pedi!
This is one of my fav nail salons in S Tampa.  I try to go whenever I can...however one caveat is that they get very busy on weekends or whenever I typically can find time to get my nails done. Today I had the day off and stopped in for a pedicure. I had the Heavenly package with the mandarin oils    . It was combined with hot stone massage  it was Heavenly. :)
I recently visited the salon with my friend while visiting Tampa.  My friend told me that they recently expanded.  Even though it looked very busy they took me right away with no appointment.  I was having my current nails taken off and having a pink and white set put on.  I told her nail tech that I wanted something different and out came a box with several different  colors and types of mixtures.  She was super nice and was going along with my craziness of OMG, i love this one, and yes lets do that one, ah! The one that I ended up getting was fun, and not many people do this one (clear with blue/black rocks and sparkles)  Everyone there was so nice, and even said how sweet I was and really wanted me to come back.  They had Yelp stickers everywhere and I saw that day why, they just are totally a rockstar salon!  I will be back once I am in town.
Outstanding salon. Clean beyond belief.  Enormous selection of colors. Technicians were all professional. Quick courteous service with no wait. Technician named Tiffany was pleasant, skilled, and fast.  This will be my new salon.   Thanks Tiffany!..... Dr Y C Leon
My favorite nail salon in Tampa. Cute, clean, nice staff and tons of choices of gel colors and brands.
Best nail salon I've ever been to. Most importantly, it's clean. They are always cleaning, sweeping, spraying something. And they keep the interior updated and quality. The staff is all nice and everyone looks well put together. It's not the kind of nail salon where no one looks at you, no one speaks English, and they rush to get your nails done. The staff is friendly, talkative, and very attentive to you. They have all sorts of gel polish choices, way more than I've seen anywhere else.  They also have options from a basic pedicure or polish change to hot stones and paraffin waxing. You can call or text ahead to make an appointment, which makes it super convenient.
Nail techs aren't that friendly, but the guy at the front was very nice! Seems that South Tampa nail techs have to act the same as the women who live there. Stuck up.
Been coming here for 10 years. Only place in Tampa I will ever go for my nails. They are professional, clean and always remember me! They have an amazing color selection and always take me as a walk in, unless you have a specified person you want, it's not really necessary to make an appointment.
Always a great experience. I visit this nail salon every two weeks and due to my crazy work schedule, I am not able to book any appointment so I have worked with almost every nail tech. They all are extremely professional, kind and do a very nice job. This salon is well staffed so even on very busy days you normally won't wait more than 10 minutes. I definitely recommend Heavenly Nails over all the other nail salons I have tried in Tampa.
Not in love just yet! GREAT first time experience though. The most important thing to me is that they made sure my friend and I sat next to each other the whole time! Pedicure: My lady Cathy, did a wonderful job, she seemed excited to be there and happy to do my toes. She did a wonderful job, gentle and informative. I let her do a design on my toes, she was so excited about it. I was very pleased. Fill and Polish: she did a good job, didn't talk much, but listened to what I wanted exactly. Was happy, just wish I could find someone that does more nail art! Overall very pleased with my experience, will be returning!
I had a "go to forever" nail place and then I not only moved homes, but also jobs, and needed to find somewhere close to work to get my nails done during lunch. (So quick was essential as well.) I went to Heavenly Nails after a butcher job at another local nail salon the day before. They were super busy (even at 11a on a Thursday; good sign to me), but still got me right in with very anxious hard working nail techs. TRACY was my nail tech and not only was she quick, but she fixed the horrible embarrassing job that was done the day before on my nails without even a worry and made them look absolutely flawless!! I could not be happier and will be going here every 2 weeks from now on for sure!
Went in to have my acrylics (which were in horrible shape) soaked off and have gel nails put on.  Originally went in to have Tim (who I chose because of a picture that had been uploaded by a previous Yelper) and he was not available so I ended up with Tina.  She set me up to soak off my nails and I showed her the design from yelp that I was hoping to have duplicated on my nails, she said she would be able to do this and had me pick out the specific colors I wanted. She did an amazing job. Although she was not able to duplicate the picture exactly, she was still able to give me a super clean fresh mani that made me feel better than the craziness that was going on with my chipped acrylics when I walked in.   I also had her clean up my eyebrows.  I was super happy with both her mani and wax skills. Will definitely be returning if I visit the Tampa area again.
My favorite nail shop. In and out with super quality!!
Go for the VIP package..VIP includes the, 20 mins massage, hot stone and paraffin  This was my 2nd time at Heavenly and Sun was fantastic!  He was so pleasant and professional. It cleanliness meets expectations. . Coming from NY this is the only place I will go to in Tampa.
Had my nails and toes done while traveling.  My gel lasted longer than most places and my pedi looked good two weeks later.  Kathy did my nails and did a great job.  Plan on going back when I am in the area!
I have been going here for three years. The staff is amazing. They are always extremely nice and will go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience. They are constantly updating their salon and have a ton of gel colors. The place is clean and is always busy, a very good sign!  I highly recommend!
Busy salon. But they get you right in. They have tons &&&&&&&&&&&&&& &&&&&&&&&&&of gel colors which is what I loved the most and
I'm doing half marathon training right now which is really hard on my feet. Sometimes they just need some love. Heavenly Nails was right there to show my feet the kindness and care they deserve after my feet have taken me to so many destinations during the week. I walked right into the nail salon and was immediately helped. The place was busy, too. In fact, it was a lot busier than really any other nail salon I've been to, so the fact that I could get in immediately seemed like a good sign. The salon has a lot of stations for pedicures and manicures as well as a wide variety of OPI and Essie polishes. I'm happy they had Essie because it's my favorite polish brand. So I picked a Wizard of Oz style glittery red, clicked my heels three times (not really) and away I went to get my feet pampered. The pedicure was pretty long -- an all around awesome deal for $25. I've been to other salons in the area and they don't have the massage chairs and were more expensive for less treatments. For $25, I got a full leg massage, hot towels, lotion, exfoliation and callus removal. Pretty snazzy deal. They did put a minty scrub on me that has since left my feet tingling. It feels nice and strange all at the same time. I would probably like it more if I wasn't already cold from this weather so now I'm writing this review from the warmth of my bed. My feet are still tingling right now. I hope that is normal? Anyway. Overall I think this place has some good prices -- there's even a Yelp deal and a FourSquare deal for a mani/pedi for $30 -- so I think I will definitely be making regular stops here.
Wow,  I get a pedi every 2-3 weeks. This is my first visit here but will not be my last. Amazing pedi, terrific foot massage, every nail color and most importantly,  clean!
I love this place! Maybe it's only bc I've been once, but first impressions are everything! Three coats of color and two coats of top coat is what you will get here! They clean up the edges nicely which result in the two full weeks everyone else promises! I'm going again before my vaca.
I landed here after searching Yelp for the Best Shellac Manicure. I was pleasantly surprised. The salon is clean and has the largest selection of gel/shellac polishes in the Tampa Bay area. I decided on a shellac manicure and a standard pedicure. Tanya was awesome. She waited patiently while I chose a polish color and was careful not to nip me during the pedicure. I did share with her that I am diabetic. She shaped my fingernails just as I requested making sure that they were as even as possible. The only con is that the chairs are so close together and there is not much space between them and the manicure stations. On a crowded day, it can probably be overwhelming. I will definitely return. As with all salons I tend to go early in the work week.
Yeah I am a guy who goes to a nail salon. I love it. My nails are clean and neat. This isn't a fly by night place, they are clean and professional. They have wifi, and the prices as nail places go are good. I text ahead, and get an appointment. This salon is a great place to go for anyone, but as a guy my perspective is they are welcoming, and professional. I use computers a lot, when I get busy, my hands are gnarled, a manicure an the massage helps relax those muscles. The work professionally and get it done. Since my back injury, I started going for pedicures. I was uneasy, but they worked through it, now I think this is the way to go. I am not the only guy in the place getting his feet done. Give it a shot guys.
NO! NO! NO! I had to wait a week to write this review because I was so angry with this place. I went in, and I expected it to be busy because it was right before the holiday. As others had stated, it's seriously like a factory, and they do NOT clean the pedi stations. I had gone in for a pedi and shellac mani. I picked everything out and the gentleman pointed out where to sit, meanwhile not starting the water. I'm just sitting there. A young woman finally comes over and THEN starts to sort of lazily clean the station. Gross. She starts the water, etc and starts working on my toes and then she says - "I have to go! I have another appointment!" What the..? So a gentleman then comes over and starts on my pedi and asks me where my polish is.. Looks for that for another five minutes... After that he is seriously HURTING my toes.. His hands were all dry and cracked, too. Ick. And every time he wanted me to lift my foot above the water he just splashed around in the water. Not to mention, he was EXTREMELY rude! Finally, I just lost it and said I had somewhere I had to go. I told him I'd pay for whatever just to get the heck out of there. He actually considered charging me until the manager or whomever said no. AWFUL. Period.
A. Maz. Ing. I changed jobs and could no longer travel to my old salon (which was right next to my old job).  I googled a few places and Heavenly Nails had glowing reviews, so I walked in Busy enough I didn't wonder why they had no customers but not so busy I wasn't taken care of. The door was opened for me when I came in. Everyone was so polite and professional. The best pedicure I've had in years. Will definitely be going back.
This is a very popular nail salon. Its larger than most and all the manicurist are dressed up, most in heels which is unique for nail salons. They have a TON of options for manicures and pedicures and someone will always come right up and  offer help with color selection when you walk in, no matter how busy the place is. If you make an appointment, you walk right in (another unique thing for nail salons that normally don't understand what an appointment is). Id highly recommend this place!
I have been to this salon 3 times and I love it! I got a deluxe spa pedi.... Best pedi I have ever had I was so relaxed and fell asleep.... Very well worth what I paid for. I also got my pink and white fill...Cindy took the time to match the pink I had unlike other places who put whatever-She is my go to!. This salon is very clean and does not have that overwhelming "nail salon" smell. It is a very busy spot but they get you in quick!
I would never return to this place or recommend it to any of my friends. I went in intending to get a spa pedicure and shellac polish. The pedicure was adequate, although the massage portion was significantly less than every other salon I've been to. The manicure was the worst part of my experience. I have very thin nails and the technician still tried to use the electric sander tool, though I was able to stop her. Even after explaining how thin my nails are, she still filed the top of the nails so much that they were breaking. She then soaked my nails and then filed the edges, even though soaking first makes them extremely soft and even more prone to breaking. At this point I gave up on the manicure and told her to forget painting or continuing to file my already damaged nails. Despite the incomplete manicure and the fact that I was obviously upset over the state of my nails, she still charged me the full price of the manicure. I found this to be terrible customer service since I will now have to wait for my nails to grow out several weeks before being able to go back to a nail salon (it definitely won't be this one!). I would absolutely never recommend this salon. Save your nails, go anywhere else!
Got my nails done here by Tony a few days ago.  He was very nice and easy to talk to.  Had a gel french manicure done for $35, which is also the going rate for LA.  He used all the right gel shellacs which included the seashell pink and the whipped creme.  In LA, I have gotten my nails done only with the whipped creme....which is absurd, since you're paying for a gel french manicure... Overall, great service and prices aren't cheap, but if you want your nails done right, come here.  They take their time in their work and I noticed that they do sanitize their equipment with alcohol.
Its taken me a while to find a nail salon that I really like in the downtown Tampa area. And well, I think I found it! This place is very nice, clean, reasonable, efficient and accommodating  .. what more can you really ask for?
I've been going here for quite some time now. I love the service, the staff, and the results every time i go. I highly recommend this place and will continue to go here for all my spa needs .
I stopped in to get a pedicure. It was super busy but was helped right away. The service was good and the pedicure was good. The price I thought was great! I got just a simple spa pedicure and it was only $20.
Excellent service and attitudes at heavenly nails.  Tiffany is awesome.  I don't have a complaint...and I've been going for about a year now.
Excellent service and attitudes at heavenly nails.  Tiffany is awesome.  I don't have a complaint...and I've been going for about a year now.
I love love love amy... she is the best.. I eft the nail salon on south Dale Mabry across from plant high school just to come to her. I'm officially spoiled. She's the best...
I went to this business to kill sometime before an evening flight. Although, the staff is professional; I did not appreciate that the majority of the time the two (2) technicans were speaking with each other. My pedicure (polish) was a little messy but the services leading up to the polish were very pleasant. I am giving them a slighltly higher rating due to the fact they treated the other person I was with really well. It was their first time getting a pedicure; and, they didn't know what to expect. The staff did a good job calming their nerves (so, they could enjoy the experience).
Love this place! I had Quinn and she was fun, chatty, and light hearted. She did a great job on my gel manicure. I will not go anywhere else but here from here on out. Love this place!
Worst Brazilian wax I've ever had. It took an hour and they used the same waxing stick the whole time. The waxing professional stopped when it was half way done and I had to ask twice to please continue. Worst part of all I got a horrible rash after. AVOID GETTING WAXED HERE AT ALL COSTS.
Excellent service! Everyone was very friendly and courteous.  Extremely neat and clean. As busy as they are, they treat you like you are the only client there. I will most definitely be back!!
I love this place. Love it. But I only go to Quinn. She is VERY good at what she does. I have very thin cuticles and she never cuts me but is always able to get a perfect edge on my nails. I get acrylic nails, pedicures, and facial waxing with Quinn. She is very popular, you'll need to make an appt in advance
My friend and I went for a pedicure.... Not so heavenly - this place is more like a factory. They are rude, unsanitary (don't clean out the tubs with cleaner after use, use tools with out cleaning / switching blades, ect) and the quality is terrible. I got a French tip which they only painted the center of my nails leaving the edges un touched, didn't complexly remove my previous polish and no effort was made through the process to take anytime on message or otherwise. My friend got the standard paint job where they left polish all over the surrounding toes. I would never ever recommend this place.
After moving from Brandon to South Tampa I was so happy to find Cathy at Heavenly Nails. She is the first nail technician that I see religiously, every two weeks for a gel manicure and pedicure. She goes above and beyond to make sure that I am comfortable and relaxed, and not only that - my polish lasts up until my next appointment looking perfect. I wouldn't go anywhere else or see anyone but Cathy since I've found her!
I have finally found my favorite nail place!  First off when you walk in the salon is very bright and clean - which is a great start.  They have a great deal Tues- Thurs for gels nails for $25 (if you check in with Yelp) and the pedicure prices are awesome.  A basic pedicure starts at $20, which is great for me because sometimes I just need a quick pedicure to keep my toes looking in tip top shape.  They were great and offered me a beverage.  Great color choices - I ended up doing the gel nails and a deluxe pedicure and was in the salon for probably just under two hours.  Which it perfect and I didn't feel like I spent so much money.  My gel nails only lasted me about a week and a half (but I am hard on my nails - beach, pool, camping, wedding, etc all in the week and half) and my pedicure has lasted 2 weeks so far (and still in great shape).  I definitely recommend this place for price and quality/service.
I don't mean to be dramatic, but I don't think I could be more dissatisfied after visiting twice for two different services. My first visit was for a shellac manicure. The nail tech removed my previous gel with a drill file. She damaged my nails so badly, I haven't been able to get them to grow past the quick for nearly 6 weeks as the damaged part grows out and breaks off. The manicure itself was great - solid coat, long lasting and fantastic massage, but not worth the damage. However, I figured with so many glowing reviews, my experience must have been a fluke, so I gave then another shot. Huge mistake. I went in for a pedicure and upgraded to the $35 citrus massage. The first part went reasonably well. When we got to the hot stone massage, the tech dropped one of the stones as soon as he started my second leg and simply substituted a cold stone from my first leg rather than getting a new hot stone. Then, the real trouble began. I had selected a bright pink base with a glitter top coat. I've done this a hundred times elsewhere, but apparently it is an odd request at Heavenly Nails. The tech put the glitter top coat on two nails and asked if that is what I wanted. The pinky and ring toe on my right foot looked decent, so I said yes. Then he took a phone call. I watched in horror as he gooped the remaining 8 toes with glitter, not bothering to coat the entire nail and not even attempting to put the glitter on evenly. It is a disaster. THEN he put my sandals on and hit the second toe on my left foot. It was marred pretty badly so he just gooped more glitter on that toe. Now, that nail is all glitter except for around the edges, which he didn't bother to paint on either the first or second coat. I posted a photo. Absolute waste of time and money and a team of Clydesdales could not drag me back there.
Went here for the first time ever, and i have to say i enjoyed it a lot. I had Laura who was quick and did a perfect job. They seemed to be clean since they are always sweeping and cleaning the glass tops. I also love how the nail polish were divided in brands that is a big plus for me!!! The only reason why they did not get 5 stars was the placed seemed a little out dated they need new decor and for being in South Tampa it is a must!
I get my nails done with Tracy, she's amazing! Now I have my best friend coming to her and I refer my clients to her as well. The place is clean, and I can even have a glass of wine if I really want to relax! I recommend Tracy 100% (I can't speak about the other nail techs)
I was very happy with my gel manicure and signature pedicure. However, I wasn't able to relax or have any quiet time because the employees were very busy talking to each other and not quietly. It took away from the ambiance I expect from a nail salon. But like I said, I was happy with the quality and the friendliness of my nail technicians, when they were paying attention to me. They also ran out of the color I had chosen for my manicure so that was a little disappointing. They were very busy for a weekday and obviously very popular among Tampa residents. I would come back again, but I may need headphones to keep the noise out and be able to relax.
Have had several pedicures & gel manicures here with several different technicians & everyone does a fantastic job. All of the staff are very friendly. Clean salon. Great polish selection. As a mani pedi lover, I will continue to treat myself here & recommend it to everyone!
I got my nails done by Phu ( manager) today, very nice and affordable.  Just make an appointment first cuz it will get pretty busy around 5pm.
Laura is amazing!! She always does a amazing job and she is so pleasant ! I love this place.
I've been here 2 times since moving to Tampa.  I am overall very happy with the service and all the nail technicians seem very nice.  The prices are very reasonable and for a gel fill and basic pedi I paid about $36.00.
I've been here a few times now and each time I come the staff members are always polite. They are very detail oriented. They have smooth jazz playing. It is very peaceful. You would be hard pressed to find anyone yelling in this place. They treat each customer as family and not just another dollar, which is refreshing. I've been here a few times and I will be back.
This is quite possibly the best nail salon I've been to that charges these prices. $35 for a gel manicure and $20 for a regular pedicure, which are probably average prices - but the service is amazing!! I did my gel manicure with Hanh, who even gave me a neck and shoulder massage while I waited for my nails to dry. My pedicure was with Tony, who was the sweetest ever and did a great job! I'm definitely coming back here!!
Found this place from Yelp while in town on business. We totally know why this place keeps getting five stars-- 'cause they're awesome and we're giving them the same (even more if we could!) A friend and I went in for a mani/pedi and shellac manicure. My shellac was great, paint job perfect. My friend thoroughly enjoyed both his pedicure and manicure... Tina was so sweet and accommodating. I'm absolutely going to go back next time I'm in Tampa.
I love to pamper my feet, and Heavenly Nails has the greatest pedicure selection.  VIP Spa Pedicure is my fav, sugar scrub, masque, and the best part is the hot stone massage with oil, an overall awesome 1 hour retreat for your feet.  Today I opted for the Lavender Therapeutic Pedi which is also amazing. They have a pretty big polish selection from brands that I love such as OPI and Essie.  They also have one of the bigger shellac polish selections I've seen around.  Great prices, would most def recommend  this salon to anyone looking for a heavenly nail salon experience! =)
This nail salon is awesome! I get shellac and go to Tina, she does an AMAZING job and also does a shoulder and neck massage while she's finishing your nails.  Everyone is really nice and they do the most to accommodate you while you're in the salon.  I recommend making an appointment because they get really busy, especially around prime times!
This is an awesome nail salon! Christine, Phu, and the crew are great. I will continue to get my shellac manicure done here. The quality of service is superb and i enjoy the relaxing music. Thanks again for the best manicure ever!
I had my pedicure here, very nice and fancy place and it's a big nail salon. The workers here were extremely nice. But one advice from me is to call in and set an appointment if you plan to go here on a Saturday. Of course a place with good business have a lot of customers on a weekend. There are also reasons why the business is that big. This place made me felt like a millionaire.
This is Steve's girlfriend, Moriah, hijacking his Yelp to write this... lol... I have never had a pedicure before, and so I scoped out different places on Yelp before deciding on one... The reviews for Heavenly Nails were a very mixed bag, with some being outstanding and others saying to run away. I had a great experience, so I wanted to come on here and describe it for posterity. First of all, they closed at 7:00, and I showed up at 6:50. They were still happy to see me and said they would be glad to do a pedicure. I picked out my polish, and sat down. I observed them cleaning another chair after the lady next to me had left, and they did a very thorough job. Their utensils also looked very clean, and the nice lady who did my toes, Lee, went through about 5 towels during the experience, just to keep everything clean and dry. The polish was other-worldly perfect, and the massage on my calves and feet felt great. Also, they were fine with adding a tip onto a total when paying with a card, so I gladly left her an extra five bucks. For $25, (the pedi and tip) the experience was well worth it, and I would definitely go back. I didn't see validation for claims about rude staff or unclean facilities, as everything was super clean, and the staff very, very pleasant. In fact, I think I need a manicure for the new year... :)
This place is located right by International Plaza AND West Shore Plaza so you could only imagine the foot traffic that this place gets. Nevertheless, they always have enough nail techs to cater to everyone within 10 mins of wait. I usually go in for a standard gel mani, pedi and maybe wax. The color selection is amazing, even for the gel lacquer lines (Shellac, Axxium, Gelish, etc). Moreover, there's a weekday special that runs from Mon-Wed where you can get a gel mani for only 20 bucks (a total steal if you ask me!). It entails the standard procedure of soaking, cutting cuticles and finally the massage. The only beef I have w/ the whole mani is that they only use lavender lotion and I hate that scent. The pedi is the signature service that the spa offers. There's an abundance of chairs inside, and even some in the back in case you are bringing in a new group of friends. There are several options to choose from. Usually I'd choose the regular pedi but sometimes when I feel like making an extra splurge, I will choose their signature Heavenly Pedi, which comes w/ an extended massage and extra exfoliation. The massage is splendid and the ladies are very meticulous in both cleaning up your cuticles and painting your nails. May I also add that the nail techs are all very friendly and are accommodating to the customers' demands. The reason why I'm giving it only 4 stars is because their waxing services is somewhat subpar--the whole process was very slapdash. When I was getting my brows waxed, my brows weren't trimmed and groomed beforehand, which of course  resulted in a bad wax job. To top it all off, they didn't put enough aloe on me afterwards to soothe the irritation. I would recommend this place nonetheless, for everything other than waxing..
This place is perfect! Super clean, friendly and well it's just perfect! I got a French mani and peri along with my eye brows. Lily was very quick and friendly. This is definitely going to be my to go place now.
Excellent mani-pedis.   My husband and I came and were very pleased.  Tracy and Jenny are the best.  They both stayed late for us.   I highly recommend.
