When you walk in you feel at home. Cool air and comfortable couches with live entertainment and yummy food. You can literally fall asleep on the couches if you sit too long :) The staff here is friendly and you can enjoy yourself either by yourself or with a group of friends.
Since Winter Park's revival, Plant Street has become a wonderland of interesting bars and restaurants with live music. Of all the bars, The Attic Door has my favorite ambience, like being in someone's living room. Lot's of funky tables, chairs and couches, all mismatched, moderate lighting and noise levels, and talented singer/guitarists create a wonderful place to spend an hour or the whole evening. The only downside is the food, which is pretty limited and not that great. In particular, the pretzels and beer cheese dip is a secret family recipe that should have remained a secret. Skip the food an enjoy the very reasonably priced wines and beers while enjoying the cozy atmosphere.
Attic Door is a very nice wine bar in downtown Winter Garden. Good drink menu, good specials, and excellent atmosphere. I really wish I could rate it higher, but recently they stopped carrying the PHENOMENAL menu they had had for a short time. The food was amazing, the chef was passionate, and it was an all around great place for dinner. Unfortunately, on return visits we were told that the owners felt that paying the new chef was too expensive, and they dropped the new menu. Attic Door really is a nice place for a drink late at night, but we are incredibly disappointed that the wonderful menu is gone. Bring back the lobster mac and cheese!
Great place for a wine or beer stop, but definitely not to eat. Their Bruschetta is amazing, the rest of the menu is ehh. For 2 fish tacos, which are pretty small you will pay $9 which screams winter park prices but its not suitable for Winter Garden. Overall this a great place to get a drink and enjoy live music, but not to eat
This is a great little wine bar. Very romantic and cozy. Definitely bring a date if you can. The live music was a nice touch too. Fairly priced menu with wine and beer. They also have small bites that looked delicious. Will return.
NEW OWNERS SINCE JANUARY 2013! I've been here before, a couple of years ago, and was really disappointed. Such a great location with a cool and comfortable atmosphere and crappy service and just ok food BUT NOW... ...now the food and service are outstanding - at least they were this past Saturday afternoon. After a hot twirl around the farmer's market we stopped off with the pooch for lunch. Since we had the pooch it was the patio for us but under the roof it was much cooler. White and red sangria were refreshing and we split the bowl of clam chowder (easily in the top 5 I have ever had) and the pressed white cheddar, turkey, and granny smith sandwich and house salad. The pooch got his own little water bowl and the 3 of us had a very enjoyable lunch for under $30. If you have been disappointed here in the past I think you'll be pleasantly surprised at what the new owner(s?) have accomplished. Live music Wed-Sat (or maybe through Sunday). We'll be back - looking forward to trying the evening menu and hopefully enjoying some great live music.
My friends and I were lucky enough to find a Groupon for the Attic Door, and since one of the couples in our little group live in Winter Garden, we decided to give this place a try.  The Groupon we had was for a bottle of wine, appetizer and dessert.   So with two Groupons, we were able to get two bottles for the table (I don't remember what they were, but the waitress recommended them, and they were both VERY good), two appetizers: a cheese plate (because it's hard to go wrong there) and spinach-artichoke dip.  The spinach dip was AWESOME!  Between the 4 of us, I think we would have licked the plate if the others wouldn't have gotten upset.  And for dessert...chocolate lava cake and cheesecake.  Now I am not a dessert person, but I tried both and they were both delicious.   We had the added bonus of going on the 3rd Saturday of the month, which just happens to be when the City of Winter Garden has a classic car show on Plant St.  So the boys were happy that they were able to walk around a be macho, and I have to admit that I was excited to see the cars too (although disappointed that a '57 Corvette was not in attendance, as that will be the first thing I buy when I win the lotto)
Great location right on Plant st in downtown Winter Garden and its a go-to when im craving wine, small bites and live music.  When my husband and i first started visiting the food options were just small bites and some specials here and there but the times they offered food itself was limited so we had to eat somewhere else first and stop here for dinner.  This is no longer the case!  The Attic Door now has a full food menu plus daily specials and it is a welcome and much needed change.  Keeping in mind the full food menu is relatively new for the restaurant i think they still have some kinks to work out so be patient and understand its a local business and should be supported since they genuinely want to provide a great experience. Favorite thing to get at Attic Door? SANGRIA! yum i love the Sangria here and its only $4 so what's not to love about that too?  Give this place a try...if you haven't been since they got the food menu then try it again, everyone will find something they would like to try.
My best friend and stumbled on this place by chance and I'm super glad we did. Loved loved LOVED the ambiance. The wine selection was great and the service was better. They had great specials, for girls on a budget like me, so I was won over even more with this. I'll definitely go back and enjoy one or four more glasses of wine.
I have walked passed this place many times over the past few years but never had the urge to go inside. Now I know why... My husband belongs to Living Social and found a deal for the Attic Door... a bottle of wine and two appetizers for $15... so he bought it and we decided to try it out on a Friday night.  He called to make sure we could use the coupon that night and there would be room.  The person on the phone said we would need a reservation so he made it for 7pm.  When we got there, the place was just about empty.  A few people at the bar... a few groups at tables but not full at all.  We walked around a bit to check things out and a nice lady told us to have a seat anywhere we wanted.  Never asked if we had a reservation.  We found a table in the back that gave us a good overview of the place and sat down.   The place has a very artistic feel... lots of fabrics hanging from the ceiling... rich brown tones... they are trying to create a cozy warm feeling to the place.  But my eye was distracted by something behind the bar... a huge white side by side refrigerator!  All this nice atmosphere is broken up by this white whale in the middle of it all.  Distracting... A few min later, a cute perky server named Courtney came up and introduced herself. She was very nice and told us our options with the coupon.  The bottle of wine would be the house wine and we could have a choice of the basic types.  We went for a white Zinfandel and ordered the spinach dip and the bruschetta.   We could tell it was a very local crowd.  Everybody seemed to know each other. At one point, a man who I thought was a customer came in and then went behind the bar.  I soon realized that this must be one of the owners.  Courtney brought us our wine and opened it up for us.  I have to say, it was okay wine but your basic $5 bottle value at publix.  After looking at the menu, I noticed that they were charging $22 for this wine... yikes!  About 5 min later, she brought out the appetizers.  Everything tasted okay but it all tasted like it was from Cosco.   Nothing seemed 'freshly made'... everything was from a box, jar or bag. Soon it was getting close to 8 pm and a small group of musicians were getting ready for some entertainment.  Another couple of ladies were seated next to us and that man who I thought was a customer came up and took their order.  He was not as pleasant at Courtney was.  They also had the Living Social deal and were told that if they wanted to they could 'upgrade' the offer and have a better bottle of wine.  We were never told that.  Not sure if we would have done it but it seemed like a way to get more money out of us coupon people...    We ended up having a fun conversation with these ladies and shared our feelings with them.   All in all, the place is okay and I will have to give it one more try but I am not sure if it would get any better.  Since we were sitting in the back right in front of a wall of wine bottles, three times during our stay a server came up to get a bottle of wine from behind us... "don't worry... I won't hit you in the head with a bottle..." was the message I was told three times...   Why would you put a table in front of this area if you keep going to it and disturbing the customer?    The bill came to 98 cents (due to tax) and we left a 5 dollar bill with the check.  Courtney was nice and made it fun but it was just an okay experience.  I will say the band that started playing was actually good.  I could see us coming a bit later and enjoying the music.  The place did fill up a bit more over the hour and was almost full by the time we left at 8:15pm.   (1 to 10 points...) Food = 4 Service = 5 Atmosphere = 6 It was not the worst place I have ever been to but it was not the best.  Not sure if I will try it again... Enjoy at your own risk.
Food is not good.  Service is not good.  We come in here for wine and live music on the weekends.  We almost always order a bottle, and unfortunately it is opened back in some nether-region of the bar, not opened in front of you with a servers corkscrew like it should be.  I agree with another reviewer's comment that a couple nice microbrews would be a wonderful addition.  Also I wish the food was decent because I love to snack. The place has possibilities, but needs some work.  I have high hopes and will keep checking back in.
Never inconsistent. .... I love the atmosphere,  Sangria and entertainment!  One of the reasons I do not move out of Winter Garden !!
The story you are about to read is true. This is downtown, Winter Garden, Florida. My name is Skacey. I carry a creative spirit. 9:12 pm. Friday. I am returning from my trip to Music City and venture out with my partner for some local nightlife. For a while on Yelp, Jr's Attic Door was tops for nightlife and I had never ventured in. Tonight is the first experience... Upon walking in the door, the vibe was extremely artistic and eclectic. There were several groups of people lounging around tables and in smaller groups at the small bar. The back room had some open tables and another, yet unattended bar. With no hostess, we head for the open tables where we find a note which says "order at the bar". We wander back to the bar but after 10 minutes, we fail to get anyone's attention, and we go unnoticed. Finally, my partner asked if I was as uncomfortable to which I agreed. It felt like being at a private party where you were a crasher. Your jokes fall flat, your gaze only returned with suspicion. Perhaps this beatnic bistro is a wonderful revitalization long needed in the Winter Garden downtown. I found it to be secluded in the open, hard to reach, yet easy to find. I may yet again try to crack the shell - hell, I'm a creative director, I work with artsy fartsy types. I shouldn't have to try so hard to have a good time. - For now though, I'll pass.
This is a combination of a hookah lounge with a coffee shop and a bar. If you are not thinking 'This is awesome!' then you need to rethink your life. The happy hour deals are not the greatest but it will save you some money. They do have a great wine selection but it's pricey. We went in a group of four people and shared a bottle of cabernet with 4 appetizers: the fruit and cheese, cheese beer dip, chips and spinach, and the mediterranean combo. We had a fabulous time and it was quite cozy, particularly because we were enjoying all this comfort with dim lights and sitting on a couch. That's good life. Our server was really nice too and everything seemed to be aligned in the perfect way, so this is a spot to check out while in Winter Garden.
One of my best amigos lives in Clermont, a pretty decent area outside of Orlando, and we visited the downtown area - the city made a big effort a few years ago to revitalize the area, and I am all about supporting local business. The proprietor (esses) of this place are two very nice ladies, and seem to love their business. Its a small place, and was full on a Saturday night. 'Hip' I guess would be relative, its comfortable, and kinda decorated like an old southern home. Its a good wine place, great service. We came from dinner so didn't try any of the apps. I'd like to see 1-2 better microbrews - but thats a bit of a challenge in many places around here. Glad to see it was busy, and hopefully locals will continue to support it...places like this need patronage to stay afloat, and this is a find for a burb like this. Go drink! :) (coffees too ;))
. I'm so disappointed(and embarrassed) tonight. I just came home after using my living social deals. My friends and I were treated like second class citizens. Took over an hour door the server to get food to us which came BEFORE wine and water. Oops. I've been here before and have had ditzy service before  but this took the cake.  Get you act together please! The attic doo has so much potential to be so more more but it's so inconsistent known that I won't chance it until I they've made a 180.
The Attic Door is a somewhat pricey but decent place to go for date night. Upon entering, it immediately reminded me of another restaurant, The Living Room, in Boynton Beach that my girlfriend and I have been to a handful of times. The restaurant is filled with couches and 'homey" decorations; it's actually quite inviting and cozy. Our server, while good, never introduced himself, which I thought was kind of odd. We made reservations prior to our visit, as our Living Social coupon required us to do so in the fine print, but the server really didn't seem to care; he just instructed us to sit wherever and, coincidentally, we ended up picking the table they had reserved for us. The restaurant was surprisingly empty for a Saturday night (maybe 3 other tables had patrons). The chicken bruschetta and gouda platters were delicious and of average appetizer size. The white zinfandel we chose was good, though I have seen the same bottle at Total Wine for $5-10 and The Attic Door charges $25. Overall, it's a decent wine and cheese place in lovely downtown Winter Garden. Judging from some of the other reviews on here, I was kind of alarmed prior to visiting but was pleasantly surprised by the time I left. If they bulked up their menu and dropped the monstrous prices on their cheap wine, I think I'd visit again.
Very eclectic place. Laid back place with a nice balance of beverages; everything from espresso to wine to imported brew.  Nice live music. We did not have any good.
JR's Attic Door is not what you may think it is based on the name. It's not a clothing store or a hobby shop, in fact, it's a rather hip coffee house and wine bar. Located in historic downtown Winter Garden this is said to be the place to hang out during the day and night. The interior is designed to look and feel like a living room with it's plush couches, bar stools and neutral, modern colors splashed throughout. The atmosphere is very relaxed and laid back, perfect for studying, reading or chatting your gang of friends. At night, on the weekend JR's features live music from great local artists. They also have an open mic night on the second Tuesday of every month and everyone is welcome. As far as specials go, this place features quite a few good ones. All day every Tuesday you can purchase select wines and beers at 2 for $6, which isn't bad at all...plus you get one appetizer from a select few for free! You say free in regards to food and I'm there. Even better, you can join their wine club which entitles you to all kinds of wine goodies each month. Yes please! This joint also serves some yummy grub, which is a step above what you'll normally find in a coffee shop. Most of it is sweets and lite bites, but it does the job if you're hungry. They call their food "gourmet," but I can't say I agree with this label. While the food is good and is presented well, gourmet is not the word to describe it. Delicious is more like it. Overall, I'm a fan
The service was horrible, understaffed and the food was of very poor quality. I'll never step foot in the door of this place again.
5 star coffee, 4 star environment, 1 star store hours. Coffee is awesome, music is too, and interesting wines... just shiitty hours. Close early on Sat?  You serve alcohol and have live music... what the hell are you thinking? Closed sundays too?! wtf?  Thats fine, Axum coffee is less than 100 yards away on the same side of the street, and coffee is almost as good.  I've been there 2 sundays now... mix in a clue guys.
Being a Winter Garden resident, I have often rode/walked by the Attic Door and wondered what it was like inside.  But with my husband being more of a beer/pub type of guy, I never dared suggest it. However, this past Saturday night I decided to take the plunge and suggest we give the Attic Door a try.  To my delight my husband agreed so off we went. Three words that immediately cam to mind when we entered the Attic Door were "dark, cool and funky".  The bohemian atmosphere immediately spoke to my artiistic soul!  I loved the tent-like ceiling and the painted wine bottle lamps on the bar.   Having just eaten, we didn't order any food but we DID order a bottle of merlot which set us back about 20 bucks.  But it was well worth it.  We spent the hour listening to the live entertainment (accoustic guitarist) and amiably chatting.  The demographic of the patrons was pretty varied - from young 20-somethings to elderly couples. The young servers behind the bar were all very nice and attentive.  (I was shocked to hear about the bad experiences other Yelp posters have had at this establishment.) I'll definitely be going back.
A new Neighborhood Gem!  New ownership, new chef and it was fantastic.  Had a large group, the food was awesome, live entertainment and love the atmosphere.  Cannot wait to go back.  The prices were super reasonable with full dinners being under $20 plus a great bar menu.  Thanks for making our evening so wonderful!
Went on Friday night...sat outside and took in the ambiance.  They have some good craft beers and my friend had a yummy white sangria.  The salad was just fine, the flat bread was delicious!  Will definitely be back.
Been there twice and both times it was fantastic, had a chicken sandwich first time -- great ! The second visit I had the ruben and that was even better.  The potatoe salad was awesome ! This place is right on the street in Winter Garden center area (Plant Street) and it is a great for people watching.
What a wonderful experience! Beautiful place, great food, excellent service and fabulous live music! We look forward to our next visit.
Was in town visting family they took me and my family there for dinner food was great will be going back next time Iam in flordia
My husband and I have been to Attic Door twice and both times the staff was rude. I really wanted to like this place because I'm all about shopping and eating local but they don't deserve our business. We went there on a Friday night and wanted decaf and they only had regular coffee and didn't offer to make decaf. Really? On a Friday night at 7pm you don't offer decaf? Thank God for Axum who has amazing coffee and great service. They have pour over coffee! A true coffee shop unlike Attic Door.
Diners beware! I won't be back to try this place out ever again. If you're looking for quality, you won't find it here. Slow service and terrible food. Everything tasted store bought and pre-made. If you're thinking about getting the fondue as an appetizer, think again. You'll receive store bought pretzel sticks and cheap melted cheddar cheese with tons of oil floating on top. Absolutely disgusting. I ordered the pork for dinner which was ice cold when it got to the table. My gf ordered the crab stuffed portabella, which was drenched in balsamic vinegar. The server didn't seem too concerned and apparently nor did management as no manager asked us about our experience after we told our server about the blunders with the food. I will not waste another penny in that place. Maybe they were just having a bad night but I'm definitely not going to risk it by returning. Oh, the dinner salad was fine.
