I love Eola park!!  Lake Eola is a wonderful place right in the heart of down town where you can take a breath, slow down and just enjoy yourself.  The walk around the lake takes about 10 minutes and is well worth it.  There are ducks and swans and other water birds a plenty.  In the spring all the hatchlings are out.  It is precious.  You can rent a swan boat and paddle around the lake, lie in the sun or have a great picnic lunch.  My three year old would heartily agree that the play ground is super fun. It is colorful and shady.   Most weekends the park is a- buzz with various festivals.  Also, check out the farmers market every Sunday.  It's a wonderful place to people watch.  Though not working at the moment, the fountain in the middle of the lake is gorgeous at night.  I try to fit in at least on trip to Eola a week.
Loving Lake Eola! Lake Eola Park is one of my favorite, not really because of their generous amenities  or playground equipment. No, I love Lake Eola because it is the PERFECT walking park. I am a huge fan of just going to a nice place away from the noisy city and walking around. Especially when the park has a great lake view, and lights up with the city lights during the evening. Ah, so beautiful! The Good: A beautiful lake view!: Lake Eola is just the perfect spot to walk around. The cityscape looks awesome, and it's just very conducive to a romantic and intimate date night destination. Lots to do: Generally if you go to Lake Eola park on the weekends there is some sort of interesting festival or celebration going on, and it's a great place to go on the weekends for a guaranteed good times. The Bad: 4th of July: Okay, the Fourth of July festival here may be awesome, but this place fills up quite quickly, and honestly, I like to stay away from the crowds. And that goes for some of the bigger festivals as well. Overall, I just love Lake Eola park, but most of all when it is secluded. This place is a great go-to place for couples, and it's one of the safer places in the city to go as well. Overall 8,7/10= Love the Lake!
I remember going to Lake Eola Park for field trips when I was in elementary school and loving every minute of it. Although it's very simple in nature, this well-known park located in the heart of Downtown Orlando has a lot offer. If you haven't guessed based on the name, there is a big lake in the center of this park that is perfect for taking a stroll, running or simply sitting on a patch of grass and catching some rays, reading a book or feeding the ducks. This is my favorite place to people watch and observe not only how people choose to dress and present themselves, but also how they interact with other people whether it be their children, significant other or friends. There's always a good laugh to be had and a good story to tell one way or the other at the end of the day. In one corner of this park is a fairly modern playground that is fenced in, perfect for kids to burn off all that excess energy before going home for the day. Bathrooms are placed at either end and kept up pretty well for being open to the public for more than half of the day. If you're looking for something fun to do, you can hop a ride on one of the swan boats and peddle your way around the infamous fountain that sits in the center of Lake Eola. Make sure you have time to spare though because this could take you awhile depending on how strong your legs are and how fast you're able to peddle. Lake Eola is also home to several events that take place throughout the year, Fourth of July being one of the biggest. People come from all over Central Florida to participate in the activities, indulge in the yummy fair foods and watch the fire works. However, if you ever plan on coming to this event, make sure you get there early and plan to be hot, sweaty and squished by people all day. A few races start and end at this park as well, with the after party of food and beer taking place here as well. Plus, there is a farmer's market on the weekend featuring all kinds of fresh produce and many local vendors selling everything from baked goods to accessories to treats and clothes for your pet. There are many dining establishment located around Lake Eola making it a good place to sit and have picnic or to go walk off that big meal afterward. My favorite time of day to go here is when the sun is setting or rising....it's just so beautiful when blended among the tall buildings, tress and water from the lake. There is also a huge stage where lots of plays and musical concerts take place throughout the year. As always, there are a few negatives about this place. First, it is locate downtown, which means there is usually a lot of traffic all around the park during the week making it hard to find a parking spot nearby and also dangerous to cross the streets. Second, bums are known to frequent and hang out here which can make things uncomfortable at times. Lastly, when events take place at this park it's very hard to get in and around the downtown area because of all of the congestion and lack of nearby parking. Overall, I'm a fan and hope to bring my kids here someday.
Ok, I live right across the street and look at this park all day. This makes me an expert on Lake Eola Park! First of all it has a track that is .9 miles around the park. I run this everyday and pass all different kinds of people based on the time of day I run. There are usually homeless people all around but they stay to themselves if you can handle their smell. The Disney Theater has local things going on almost every Sat. Never anything cool or worth getting out of bed on a Sat at 8am (that's when they start, trust me). The fountain has been fixed and is pretty sweet (esp since it took them 2 mil to fix). Finally on Sundays you have to check out the farmers market (until 4pm). It's fun and there will be tons of junk you might want to buy. That's the low down on the Lake. If they kicked out the bums and had a short hunting season on the birds it would be a bit better. Tip: STOP FEEDING THE BIRDS!!
Must go if you are in orlando for a quick walk or boat ride. We enjoyed seeing the vistas and the black swans. A bit of a rough crowd around so we were not too keen to walk around much after dark.
Nice walking path around pretty lake and fountain.  Safe and friendly with live swans.  Doggie friendly.
This is a great park like everyone says. I went to the park at night, and these are my only negative comments. There were a group of homeless people hanging out. (Expected at this hour.) But also, while I was sitting on a bench, I saw two big rats running across the grass into the bushes. This happened twice more when I started walking around. Gave me the heebie jeebies. The only other thing is that you should be aware of the bugs. It is a lake for goodness sakes, but make sure to get the repellant if you have it. The playground is great, and they have activities going on all of the time. I would recommend anyone to just come visit and walk around this park. :)
What a wonderful little secret tucked away in the heart of Orlando! My husband and I were truly blown away since we've mode here. You don't see many swans in Miami that's for sure. It's a picturesque view of the city and they have boat rentals and a wonderful little restaurant right on the lake. For sure this is gonna be our new spot.
Tis a nice small park in the downtown area, obviously at lovely Lake Eola.  I really like how beautiful and nice the scenery is around this part of dt.  We really enjoyed coming here when they hosted the Chill Lounge event a few months ago.  The park is really small so don't expect to have a secluded romantic picnic or anything. I usually gauge how great a park is by how secluded my picnic can be. Almost lost a star, but I can't be doing that to the parks in my town. Go walk around, get some excercise, and don't chase the swans.
Fireworks at the Fountain. Excellent!!! Man, was it hot on the 4th. We got there around eight and it was packed then. What a great place for fireworks. Right there on great Lake Eola and over the skyline of downtown Orlando. I love July 4th when it is shortly before the Olympics begin. I'm getting so fired up for our competitors this year. We have a great team. USA!!! Great event. Great company. Great day.
Every time I head into the city, my trip isn't complete until I have made a lap around the lake...(i'm talking about during the day...especially on my SundayFundays!!!  phahaha, don't look for me there when i'm rocking down Orange Ave. by night)   I know it has been said before and seems pretty cliche...but it is the central park of the south!  Set in the center of the city.  And like Lisa D. said, It brings the city together as a tight knit community!   I want to bring my picnic basket with me and a blanket and just sit by the lake all day.  Watch all the people, ride a swan boat, and then when the sun goes down I can head right on up to Spice for some delish drinks or fab food.   Thornton park is just a short walk away.  Orange Ave. in the other direction.  It is perfect!   And every time I head home...I say to my friends...I will one day live in the Vue at Lake Eola, just so I can spend more time by the lake...well...and everything else that make me looovvvveeee Orlando!
A beautiful lake where you can relax, people watch, picnic, run, walk.. basically just come and enjoy the scenery! For an added bonus, stop by on a Sunday between 10 AM and 4 PM to support and pick up goodies from the farmers market!
Love Lake Eola! Great for the kids to play, great for the runners, great for long walks, dog Friendly and when I was pregnant I would walk around the park all the time. Glad they finally got the Fountain fix and the Swans back! Recently saw some Swans taking care its little babies, that just hatched... it was so cute and the kids enjoyed it. Proud of this park! and the Events they have for the city.
Great for events and good place to chill and hangout with friends! Saturday its full of excitement and people and Sunday is easy breezy. Sundays there's also the farmers market, that in its self is a riot. I've yet to attend a concert at the Walt Disney Amphitheater but I bets and experience. Its definitely a staples for Downtown Orlando.
I have been coming to Lake Eola for 26 yrs now... I love coming down to the park just to walk around and let my little one play in the park. I also love to come to the park's cafe for lunch or dinner, great food a bit pricey but very good. They also have bands playing at the cafe on the weekends. I love all the festivals the park hosts including the weekend farmers market. There is plenty of room to play Frisbee, etc or have a picnic. Lots of trees with shade. The city of Orlando also put in bird food dispensers for a couple quarters so you can "feed the birds".
Lake Eola is just simply amazing! It's a very peaceful park especially being located in the middle of downtown Orlando. I went to this park on vacation with my girlfriend about a week ago and we both enjoyed the beatiful scenery and those huge swan & ducks the park had, I was totally amaze by the amount of animals that were at the park! Lake Eola is a beatiful park not only for sight seeing but the park has a trail that wraps around the  park which is about 1mile roughly. If u like to run/joggs then This is definitly the park for u and. I wanted to rent one the paddle boat but we didn't get the chance Togo on it but next time I'm definitely renting a boat
Lake Eola is a beautiful park in the evening time, good for taking a walk after dinner and a great place for enjoying special time with a friend. Many rest areas are located around the 1 mile track around the lake where you can hang out and relax. The white and black swans that patrol the waters and shore are beautifully impressive. If you go anywhere for outside activity while in the downtown Orlando area, go here.
Your park is an unmitigated joke.  The Lake is a glorified sinkhole.  The water is disgusting and overflowing with geese turd.  You cannot take a bicycle in the park.  There is no basketball, tennis, or a place to barbecue.  What exactly is the definition of a park in these parts?  Also watch your back at night because there is always a steady stream of purse snatchers and rapists.
Gotta love those $15 half an hour swan boat rides!
Beautiful park in the middle of downtown orlando! Playground, swans, pretty fountain, paddle boats, benches, Asian gazebo, etc. Beautiful and unique spot to take kids. Picnic, walk the dog, have a date.
My in laws live at the VUE. SO nice to be able to park there and walk over to the park. I would love to move to downtown Orlando just to be near this park. @tarajroth and I come here for the farmers market and used to come here to Shakespeare in the park. We love watching the fireworks for the Fourth of July. Heard many stories about the Swan rides but have never done it. Although there is a good story here. @tarajroth and I were having a nice romantic walk in the park. It was about 11am and we bumped in to our sister in law. We talked a bit and went on our way. A swan was walking towards my wife and i told her to keep on walking. The swan tried to attack my wife. Thought it was hilarious cuz we both jumped when it happened. After that we saw the swan attacking other dogs and people walking by. Now, that was weird. haha. The Publix right there is a nice touch. Have a friend at the Waverly and she loves being able to get groceries at anytime she wants. Love this area. Havent had any of the food nearby. Need to stop by and do that. The fountain is gorgeous. Love coming here for the food and wine festival. WOW! Just all around great place to walk and hang out and even exercise if you want.
This lake is a blessing to Orlando. What more can I say. I love this place.
The grill resembles a German beergarden. Good food and conversations here.
This lake was originally a sink hole. They filled it with water, put a fountain in the middle (sometimes it actually works) and paved a walking path around it. There are swans and ducks all over and some paddle boats that no one ever seems to use. Homeless people use Lake Eola as a meeting spot to discuss things.  Events happen here every so often. There is a Japanese Pagoda that seems very out of place but still looks ok. Kinda like a movie prop that was left behind.  The Disney shell is used once in a while for performances but the benches are so uncomfortable, you are better off standing for any shows here. The park is clean and really the only park we have downtown.  Yay for parks!
Walking around Lake Eola Park provides a pleasant and cheap alternative activity.  The lake itself usually (not always) has a beautiful fountain in the center of it, which is illuminated at night.  Also in the lake are some gigantic dino-like swans (be warned:  they aren't friendly).  The park hosts a farmer's market every Sunday, as well as other various events.  There is also an outdoor stage which houses small concerts and shows.  There is a playground, which is seemingly always packed with excited kiddies and parents.   A lot of people complain about parking, especially for special events.  There is not a designated parking garage or lot for events like this, but it is not usually too terribly hard to find a place to park a few blocks away in the Thornton Park area.  The 4th of July events are always fun there, as well as the different arts and crafts festivals and the pride parade.  If you are in the mood for some outdoor fun, check out Lake Eola park!
We rented a condo near Lake Eola on our recent trip to Orlando. Great place to stroll, relax and people watch. Lots of people out at all hours of the day. We went for a nice sunset walk on a weekday and then hit the farmers market on Sunday morning where we picked up some great bread, cheese, pasta and veggies. Lots of families enjoying the kids play areas and feeding ducks. We enjoyed watching the swans, cranes, ducks and other birds that hang out at the lake. This is such a wonderful amenity for the City. If I lived in the area, I would be here several times a week.
Spent many days in this park. Sadly I've moved out of my apartment just across the street from Lake Eola, but I still visit on occasion. Great for running, jogging or any type of exercise. I've seen groups on the weekends meet up here and hold class. Lovely for dog walks or just walking and talking with friends or loved ones. Every weekend you can find the Farmers Market here, and on holidays you can always catch special events. I loved just sitting in the park and watching the swans, or the people in the swan boats! haha. But also some nights my roommate and i would grab something from Starbucks down the street and then just walk through the park. It's a lovely park. There are benches around and plenty of room to just sit in the grass and also there is seating at the theatre. Plenty of room for picnics and fun in this park.
Pros: Relaxing walks along a beautiful lake and excellent people watching. Panera is close by to grab coffee.  You dog will love it and they provide pet clean-up stations. The Sunday market is a pleasant experience and you can venture into some if the close-by city venues of you feel like doing a little extra walking.  Great exercise, sun and cool city views.    Cons:  Sometimes you have to deal with the droves of homeless folks. But for the most part they stay in specific parts of the park and rarely engage other folks. But it does happen. You may have to deal with them, generally not a hassle.
I love lake Eola.   I can walk there and get some exercise to break up the work day,  and the sidewalk is big enough that I can pass slower groups.  I also love the grumpy swans, geese and ducks... from a distance.  They will chase you if you aren't careful!
We come to Lake Eola a lot for races, walking, picnics, events, etc....great place to bring the dogs as well.
This park is nice but be careful for dog shit!
Lake Eola, as long as I've been to and lived in Orlando, has been a cornerstone of the area. It's the center where everything that is Orlando collides; the hobos and the hipsters and the rich yuppies and the suits and the tourists and the families all in one spot. You can usually find a festival or show on any given weekend, and everything is near Lake Eola.
This was probably my favorite part of the trip. We decided to take a day off every now and then to explore the area. This park was definetly beautiful and large. I loved all the geeze, swans and egrets that walked about unafraid of humans. I was able to get within inches of them and got really great shots. This was the first area in Florida where I actually saw people with DOGS. I was missing seeing our domesticated animals as in the bay area, especially SF, it's rare not to see dogs everywhere, including shopping malls and grocery stores. It made me feel a bit more at home. I definetly enjoyed downtown Orlando more than I did Kissimmi and surrounding suburbs. I definetly recommend a stoll down here for at least one of the days you're staying. They even have weekly events, farmers markets, live jazz music and festivals here. Also, go on one of the swan or gondola rides they have on the lake. It's pricey $15 for each 30min but its a great way to get in a good photo session without having to actually walk around the park. Just watch out for those winds as it makes it a lot harder to peddle back to shore.
Awesome park to visit. Right in the heart of downtown Orlando. Lots of swans and ducks, so there's crap all over the sidewalks sometimes. Bathrooms are not that clean, but for being in downtown, its not that bad. They have a bar/restaurant right in the park that has good food, and attracts a lot of walkers. They have a lot of events here, and have an amazing Farmers Market on the weekend. They have a Panera Bread right on the corner of the park. Lots of benches for you to relax at. About a $5 cab ride to the clubs, movie theater, and restaurants on Orange Ave. in downtown Orlando. There are cops that ride their bikes in the area, so its a little safe, besides the fact that the park gets flooded with homeless people in the evening hours. Playground for children gets packed and seems safe.
Day or Night just a great park, Orlando should be proud!
Great park for walking, pets or running. Great to hang out and check out all the people!
What a charming city park! I loved the bandshell and the swans, alive and in paddleboat form. Tons of activities occurring during my short trip here - I think there was a race, some sort of rally, and a Christmas concert. My friend told me that the fountain had been struck by lightning - I'm sure it will be impressive once it's up and running.
One of my favorite spots in all of Orlando. An easy walk to/from downtown, Thorntorn Park, as well as several restaurants/bars around the lake. The often host festivals here as well as the weekly farmer's market. A great place to walk around and relax.
My nephew votes Lake Eola the best playground in Orlando.  It has your normal playground equipment, except all of it is new so it also has a modern twist.  The ground, covered in rubber, prevents injuries; while the entire area is covered with shade and lined with benches for on-lookers.  Also, the playground is divided into two separate areas with age appropriate equipment, and the whole thing is fenced in while maintaining an open feel throughout.  This well-designed playground gets my vote for best playground because the planners thought of everything and accommodate both kids and parents! Job well-done Orlando!
Because so many events, walks, festivals, etc. occur around the Lake, it's hard to keep up with all the dates and goings on.  But if you happen to be down there already, check the poles at two ends of the park (they're blue and have 4 bulletin board cases surrounding them).  Each month park employees update what events are coming up and place them in the cases.  It's also a place for other flyers and formal posters.  It's a nice service for people who frequent the walking path in order to stay updated.
An energetic, well manicured, urban oasis that's home to wildlife yet surrounded by restaurants, condos, stores, office buildings, historic homes, etc. I don't understand why it's not rated 5 stars...what's not to like?
This is a favorite place to go for a walk or enjoy one of the many events held there. The biggest drawback is trying to find a free parking spot. Now you are pretty much relegated to paying for parking in a garage or using a meter. Other than that, take a swan ride and enjoy.
The great thing about this park is that it is around a lake...with water and swans...it's also a park
Beautiful Park, I love running around the lake.
Beautiful park. The lake is big enough for a fun exercising walk or run around. I love all the events they do all year long. I've taken some wonderful photos there and keep coming back.
Great for running and people watching.
Beautiful Park......Relax...Unwind....chill
Lake eola park isn't bad.  I've spend many a afternoon with my gf sitting and staring at the lake.  You have to ride one ducks once in your life!  Its really quite fun peddling around in a little duck.  It nice to have a little place to chill outdoors in the heart of downtown.  But damn it I should be allow to swing eventhough I don't have a kid!  Thats why I love Azalea park.  Its across the street from another park that I love, Avalon I think.  Theres actual trails to walk and a full playground that anyone can play on.  There this great little area that looks it used to be an outdoor theater.  These are much better parks than lake eola.
Best park in town
Big firework display at 9pm
Lake Eola is a beautiful calm oasis located smack dab in the middle downtown Orlando. The park is lovely, with sidewalks lined with trees that shadow the pathways, making it easier to walk on summer days. It's a fairly small park, about a mile around, and it seemed to be very popular with joggers and pet owners. It was cool how there was randomly a pagoda in the park. There was also a playground nearby. We went to see the Russian ballet give a free performance at the amphitheater. While waiting for it to begin we went out in the swan boats (paddleboats) which were $15 for  1/2 an hour. The gentleman at the stand was very helpful. There were a fair amount of swans gracing the lake and there's a strict no-feeding policy (it was nice how they had feeding stations set up in the lake for the swans). At night the fountain lights up different colors and as we walked around the lake they were playing rat pack music through the speakers. There are public restrooms as well as a small medium priced restaurant (typically $9-$15 per person), the Relax Grill. There are parking garages about a five minute walk away from the park (we chose one in Thornton Park that was $4 for 2 hours).
as calm as calm still so on AllSTuck weekend.  A break from the chaos of atlantean flood and i mean atlanters. had a stroll and noticed there seemed to be fewer wildlife as i onli spotted  two ducks.
This is a beautiful place to walk and enjoy scenery during the daytime before it gets too crowded in the evening. Plenty of places to grab a bite, seating areas, and animals to feed. Very close walking distance to local shops and Publix grocery store if you're in the mood for an afternoon picnic.
walking around lake eola on a warm, sunny day is awesome enough.  add in the numerous places to eat nearby and the awesomeness escalates.  add in the sunday flea/farmers market and lake eola becomes one of the nicer things places to go in orlando.  if you can get the guy to pay attention to you, be sure to rent a swan boat and go for a ride (foot powered) around the lake.  also don't be a moron and try to pet the pretty black geese....they don't take to kindly to it.  actually it is kind of fun to watch them chase people so go ahead and try!  :)
Lake Eola Park is one of the reasons I decided I wanted to move to Orlando. It is a beautiful oasis in the middle of downtown. A perfect mix of nature in an urban setting. Bottom line- I love it. The path that winds its way around the fountain adorned lake is the main attraction. And many things can be found along it, as if a miniature yellow brick road. The new playground is amazing, I wish I was 5 again and I'd be a permanent resident.  When did playground equipment become so high tech? Its no wonder its always busy sometimes until 10:00 at night. Travel further down around the lake and you'll run into the oriental gazebo. Its a fun little observation deck and always looks cute in pictures. Across the way are smaller pools with bridges and exciting plant life making an outdoor gathering area picturesque. Many a wedding was held here, up until the city stopped allowing them this summer.  It was free to reserve which as the price of weddings go, was an exceptional plan. Keep traveling down the path and you'll pass more wooden decks for keeping up with the geese and swans multiplying before our very eyes. As well as a turtle or two. Speaking of swans, be sure to take a ride on a paddle boat swan, my favorite activity of the park. And if you're lazy hop on a motorized one and cruise along the lake in style. Across from the swan rental is Eric's on Eola. A little bar/restaurant with buckets of beer and snacks. Popular during happy hour on nights when the heat isn't undeniable. Watch out for bird droppings in spring along the south end of the park. But don't take my word for it, you can't miss the signs warning of this and the, ahem, interesting smell. You can always find people spread out on blankets enjoying the weather and each others company. Exercisers jogging, walking, or running Ipod or bluetooth clad some with dogs or baby strollers. On Sundays you can even catch the farmers market on the south east corner of the park.  If you don't live in walking distance parking may be a pain but its so worth it to visit this park. And be sure to check it out at night too- the lights of the city are gorgeous.
Gorgeous place to visit and I always look forward to taking my kids back. One bit of advise is to bring lots of bread and crackers :) The swans will love you! They eat right out of your hand too. The kids always get a kick out of this. Great relaxing walk around the lake with the most gorgeous view of the city. You are right downtown but you sure don't feel like it. They have a great play area for the kids as well!
As another reviewer said, the parking does suck (especially since I'm horrible at parallel parking), and the bathrooms are few and far between, but Lake Eola is one of my favorite places in Orlando. I love stopping by the local Panera for breakfast or lunch and then just going and sitting on a bench and staring out over the lake. Lake Eola also has a playground, a pagoda, and boat rides (including swan boats!).  My church actually holds services at Lake Eola once a year, and it is the most amazing thing. So beautiful, and so peaceful, even in the middle of downtown Orlando.
A lovely spot for a walk, a run, and an escape from the traffic and tourists. There are many swans, both black and white, lots of other birds of many sizes, fish, and loads of turtles. The fountain is pretty, the swan boats shiny, and the benches are inviting. Stay as long as you like for a relaxing respite.
For years we  have enjoyed Lake Eola Park.  A beautiful walking tour right in the midst of downtown Orlando, this park has relaxation in mind!  From the geese to the little concession stand, to well-manicured lawns and small gardens, to the duck-boat rentals and awesome fountain (you should see this at night), Lake Eola is our must-stop whenever we're in the neighborhood.  Don't miss this one!
I have lived in Orlando for about 2 years, and in that time I have been lucky enough to live so close to this downtown park. Morning runs, evening strolls accompanied by a lovely tune, a Saturday discovering swans/other wildlife, or a Sunday enjoying free Yoga at 11 AM or the Farmers Market. No matter what the day or the time, there is something to enjoy at this park. So...go enjoy it!
Very nice park with plenty of space to walk and it and even drink,Publix near by for food or bathroom. At night the lights come up and the park looks incredible. Lots of ducks to feed and people to watch with kids playing around or adults doing there daily routines. I like this park the best out of most parks in Orlando,awesome park to bring your date.
No other park in the world captures the beauty and elegance of Orlando quite like Lake Eola. Where else can one glimpse at the Orlando Skyline while laying in the plush fertilized grass beside a vagabond and a gypsy whilst being serenaded by a gaggle of geese? The farmer's market is highly recommended, and please do make sure to try some of the locally grown produce and the artisan breads. Once a month there's also a Thursday night wine walk, which allows patrons to sample various wines within the plethora of eateries and taverns surrounding the park.
Thank you Orlando! Thank you taxpayers! This IS the place in Orlando to GO!  GO to get some exercise, GO to people watch, GO for the Farmer's Market on Sundays (lots of vendors and a Beer Garden), Just GO! The City has really made this the centerpiece of Orlando.  The fountain is beautiful at night.  During the day you can go for rides on the ubiquitous Swan Boats. You can pack a basket and have a Picnic in the park or make it even easier and just stop in at the Publix right across the street and grab a bottle of wine and some subs.  There's also a Panera right there for a quick "to go" bite that you can bring across the street and park yourself on a bench and watch the people go by.  And many other options that line the street that the lake is on.  A few of them have outside seating with lake views seperated only by the promenade.  There is even an all outdoor venue, Relax Grill,  over by the swan boats. You are still in the park when you sit there! If there is an event in town - 9 times out of 10 it is going to be at Lake Eola.  Parades, Street Fairs, Art Shows, Activist Rallys', Concerts, Plays, 4th of July fireworks, you name it.  There is also a playground for the kids on those quiet weekends when there are no events happening. We paid for it through our taxes and I think this is one of the things that the City Of Orlando did as good stewards.  They took our money and gave us this centerpiece for all to enjoy. Go!
What a friggin' awesome park! We hit up Lake Eola Park for a nice walk and sightseeing on a cloudy Sunday afternoon. Here are the highlights: 1) The are installations: There are various installations along the trail, great for snapping photos. My favorite one was probably the chinese pagoda - close second was the flying birds. 2) The wildlife: There's swans. YES, SWANS! How awesome right? Plus, there is ducks, fish and turtles. We say a few box turtles sunbathing and then we saw a massive Florida Turtle (with the weird snorkel like nose). Pretty awesome to see that dude swimming around. 3) Everyone's active: Now, if you know me...you know I'm not the most fit person in the world, but man, these people made me want to work out. What an awesome run to do this loop a few times - dodging the swans who are just chillin' on the side walk. 4) It's so darn nice: Plenty of places to grab a seat and take in the views or snap photos. There's a little ledge over the lake with a great shot of the fountain. A ton of picnic tables too. 5) It's not the usual Orlando destination: I can't believe I've been to Orlando about 100 times and never even heard about this place till this go around. I'd recommend it to everyone visiting to check it out! Parking was pretty easy for us - they have meters all around the perimeter of the park. They also have a restaurant/bar - I considered getting an icy-cold beer, maybe next time.
Full disclosure - I love Orlando tourists. However, that does not mean that I enjoy being around them all the time. Having said that, Lake Eola Park, is my go to place to feel like a local in Orlando. I am quite fortunate to live fairly close, and relish the Saturday morning when this becomes part of my long runs. I enjoy walking around the lake or just chilling while watching the colors of the sky change and seeing the fountain come to life in the evenings. Plenty of activities around the lake or even taking a boat ride as well. We really enjoy the Sunday Farmer's Market and during the cooler months, it is nice to catch any given concert in the amphitheater. Great Public space, nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the theme parks. I am quite lucky that I live close to the place, and such, we get to enjoy it quite often.
Great place to sit and watch the world go by. Noon and weekends great people watching spot. Weekends free Yoga in the park and other activities.
Amazing spot to enjoy downtown Orlando's Skyline as the sun sets. The park's open expanse seems like paradise with it's beautiful lake and the famous Eola Fountain. I come here on 4th of July whenever I'm in Orlando. It's festivities draw a nice crowd all sitting picnic style with blankets awaiting the fireworks spectacular. There are also many unique birds that occupy the park that I don't see much of in NYC. Other activities include paddle boat rentals, you can run the park's 1 mile circumference, chill out around the flower beads and even check out scheduled concerts at the Amphitheater. I've even see weddings occur here. @ night, the fountain is beautifully lit with the signature Florida colors. Orlando has many gems, this is one of the diamonds.
Was looking for parking early around this park. Ended up at the Orlando Library Parking Garage 4 Orlando library garage $10 bucks. YIKES!
I come here every Sunday to enjoy the farmers market, they also have nice drinks here with beautiful people, its nice to take a walk on a good weather day. After the farmers market i take a walk around the lake and take my son to the kids park and he loves it
So we went to this park in September it was a Sunday and we really really liked it ! The scenery was awesome ( the huge lake with the modern buildings sky etc) the swans! the park is very clean and have a kids area a place where to eat and get some drinks with a beautiful view.. everybody at the park was having a great time. the boats ( swan shaped ) is a must.  loved this park. we will be back !
This is an awesome park! First time at Lake Eola Park and will be returning frequently now that I'm an Orlando resident.The park features a 0.9 mile walking path, Walt Disney Amphitheater,  swan - shaped paddle boats to ride, and Relax Grill (restaurant -bar). Took a few laps around Lake Eola. The bird life to be encountered there is incredible.  The swans are huge but surprising friendly. They allowed me to get really close to take pics without attacking me or running away. The 30 minute paddle boat ride was relaxing (only $15 for up to 5 people) and a great way to get an inside view of the park. Highly recommend checkin' it out, just remember to bring sunscreen.
This is an Orlando park they keep on putting improvements into. I've come here for different events or just to walk/jog around. There are a couple of bathrooms at each corner, and a restaurant off the path that goes around it. There's also at least a couple of restaurant across the street, plus you're less than a couple of blocks from downtown and Thorton Park restaurants. Recently I noticed art sculptures installed in various areas of the park. The one at the Northeast corner was large and tall enough to sit under. I had done the OUC half marathon, which started and finished here, and after it, I and other runners were sitting and relaxing under it. The only issue I have with the park, and downtown Orlando in general, is the city has a big homeless problem. I used to live in NYC and I see more homeless in downtown and around Lake Eola in one day, than I've seen in NYC my whole life.
I've visited Lake Eola Park many times and it is by far my favorite park in Orlando.It's absolutely beautiful, and for the most part, the people who frequent it do a solid job of keeping it that way.  Be forewarned, there is a lot of dog walking that goes on here, so it's best to watch your step.  There's also a farmer's market on Sundays that makes for some good browsing, shopping and general people watching.
I love Lake Eola! There is always a bicycle cop or two during operation hours, and the whole sidewalk is well-lit. These facts alone make it a great running destination, but you also can't beat the view. There is yoga most Sundays and a farmers market every Sunday. The farmers market might not be the best place to do all of your grocery shopping, but it is a great place to grab some lunch and have a picnic by the lake.
Lake Eola park is one of the best parks in the city.   While it can definitely get crowded when there are events, it is generally a nice area to relax, take a walk or jog, or grab a drink from one of the local joints.   The farmers market on Sundays is also nice but can also get crowded. Overall, Lake Eola is a nice place to take a break from the hustle and bustle of downtown.
A nice long trail around the lake in the heart of downtown, this park is always busy with walkers, joggers, and a sizable population of homeless people.  The newer art additions are nice, stroll your way around and check out all 4.  This is a great place to bring visiting family for a stroll downtown, particularly on Sundays when the farmers market is in full swing.
I love Lake Eola Park. I've done a few volunteer activities there as well as visited on my own and I love it every time. The atmosphere is quaint and romantic. The swans in the water are absolutely gorgeous, and it is a great place to go and read a book or take a date for a picnic on the grass. A natural beauty in Orlando for sure.
I've visited Lake Eola Park many times and walked my dog here before. Its a pretty peaceful park on most weekends and weekdays. There are lots of events held here as well so just be wary because those gets packed! Depending on the event - you can try to find parking on the streets but near by parking garages are pretty decent at like 5 bucks and up. Generally its pretty clean and there are signs and trash cans for people walking around. Do most people follow these rules? Mostly but gotta watch where you step. Remember I said lots of dogs walk here. It is in downtown Orlando, so do take steps to be aware of your surroundings. There is a farmer markets set up on Sundays so for those cooler days that are coming up, it be neat for a stroll and get some food along the way. Also pretty swans :)
Lovely park that's ideal for a walk and some bird/ people watching. The market here is fun too and I ran into the parrot guy. Very close to downtown. Enjoy.
This is a nice park but definitely wouldn't come here unless I'm in the area. Not nearly enough of the playground is shaded. There is nothing plenty of seating but again a lot of it is directly in the sun. And because it's downtown there is only street parking. There is a parking garage semi close but not unless you have a stroller to push your kid. The park only has one area for older kids to climb so I would say it's more of a park for littler kids.
Great Park to relax or people watch  feed the various ducks walking bye. Have many restaurants and eateries around the lake and park.   Street parking can be very limited especially on weekends. Sunday they host a Farmers market that offers a fresh produce, food, jewelry, sculptors, plants any other items for sale. Pros : Many eateries, events like Farmers market on weekend. Cons : Parking is limited, at times homeless people congrate around the area( not as much on weekend and nights)
I love Lake Eola! This is the perfect spot in downtown Orlando to take a stroll, go on a date, practice yoga in the grass or have a play date with your kids.   Pros: Beautiful spot away from the "city life" Great Sunday Farmers Market which often brings out a few street performers Swan feeding (don't bring bread, that could make them sick and even kill them.  You can purchase food for a quarter) Frequent events (check out their Facebook page for updates) including live music, rallies, cultural festivals, etc Playground for children Art sculptures Great place to enjoy a sunset Cons: No bikes allowed (unless you are one of the security guys riding your bike telling others, "No bikes allowed!") No alcohol while walking the lake unless there is a special event Parking can be limited Bathrooms aren't often clean
This place it just beautiful. It is a must see if you visit Orlando. Go to Sunday Yoga!
On a whim, the girlfriend and I decided to drive up to Orlando to enjoy a mini getaway. It was a beautiful sunny day out so, we decided to take a stroll in this amazingly beautiful, romantic & serene park. We enjoyed walking the park hand in hand where we got to see many beautiful swans and turtles in their habitat. Also, highly recommended is the electric swan gondola boats for a deal of $15 per 1/2 hour. Once you've enjoyed your day in the park, sit back and enjoy good food in great company at "Relax Grill at Eola Park". Their brushetta was tasty & their beef stir fry was packed with flavor and veggies! Lake Eola is an all in one!!
I have travled to 3 (Spain, Mexico and Canada) countries 35 states and nothing comes close to my love for LAKE EOLA PARK! -You will often find love birds on pickin blankets and activist wanting you to change the world. Its intimate yet, big enough to never get bored. There is ALWAYS something to do at the park from a running, yoga, festivals and farmers markets. DOG FRIENDLY PARK with numerous restaurants with outside seating to bring your four legged child to. The fountain and Swain lake are fun activities to do with your lover, friends, children or parents..
Beautiful gem hidden inside Orlando's concrete jungle.  Having grown up in Orlando originally, I always knew about the lake.  It's definitely an attraction that not many out of town tourists know about (i.e. - make sure you stop by).  The lake has a fountain that is always shown on typical Orlando tourist magnets.   There are swans, turtles, fish, and other birds that call Lake Eola home.  It provides a nice contrast to the tall Orlando skyline.   There are swan boats for rental so you can travel around the Lake.  An outdoor amphitheater serves as venues for various musical performances throughout the year.   Parking is conveniently located on the street by parking coin meters.  It's $0.25 for 15 minutes with a maximum time of an hour.
Great atmosphere, plenty of events throughout the year. I love running the lake early Saturday mornings. Several people do not pick up after their pets and without the numerous swans and ducks on site, just watch your step! Especially in any of the grassy spaces.  Other than that very relaxing park with easy access to downtown. A must try is the swan boat rentals!
I visited the Lake Eola Farmer's Market yesterday morning. There were a lot fewer vendors than I was expecting, however the vendors that were there were great. They had one produce vendor, all locally grown with outstanding quality and prices. I was able to get a weeks worth of vegetables for $12. Huge variety as well. Indian River Fruit also has a stand. I've purchased from them at other farmer's markets, and continue to love their selection and quality. I got 2 small containers and one large container of mixed fruit including grapes, watermelon, pineapple, kiwi and mango. This set me back $13 and would have cost me around at least $18 if I had bought the same at Publix. They also had various booths selling home made soaps, baked goods, wood crafts, clothing, etc. They had about 3 or 4 food vendors, a burger stand, a hot dog stand, a lemonade stand, and  the Crepe food truck was out as well. Definitely a nice way to spend your morning and get great deals for the week.
So pretty!  I love our lake that is downtown and just embodies the character and mood of Orlando in general.  So pretty, laid back and just chill!   They always have awesome events around the lake but even if they don't, what an awesome spot to sit back and lounge on the grass, walk your pup around the lake or just grab a drink on one of the spots set up near there and just take in the scenery.   Why 4 stars? Because the fountain in the middle is old and not working.  They are currently raising money to do so and I know they will improve it!   The surrounding area of this entire lake just rocks. Everything is within walking distance that you would need.  You can always do some great people watching here too! The farmer's market happens every Sunday and it draws great crowds. There is also a small amphitheater pavilion and this summer, Rockin' Lake Eola will take place there, can't wait to check that out. So glad Orlando has such gems, makes me love this city more and more!
Lake Eola is Orlando's quintessential park. Whenever you see pictures of downtown it will most likely include Lake Eola. The large fountain is unmistakable. Shoot, we even had our wedding pictures taken with the fountain as a backdrop. I remember back in the day when you entered at your own risk. Since then city has done a great job of cleaning it up. Even though there are a smidge more homeless here than at some other city's parks you still feel safe and overall the park is clean and well-maintained. You'll see lots of people enjoying the walk around the lake, paddling a swan boat, watching the fountain change colors at night, playing on the playground, playing a game in the open grass, feeding the ducks, reading or enjoying one of the many festivals and activities held here throughout the year. They even have a band shell which is used for theatre, movies and special events. Some downsides is that the bathrooms, like most open to the public, are less than stellar and parking can be a pain. Special events, like fourth of July are usually a madhouse and it'll take you 3 hours to get to your car and get home.
Lake Eola is Orlando's gem!  This beautiful park is a great haven for old and young alike, offering some beautiful Orlando scenery and fresh air for those enjoying either a brisk jog or a leisure stroll around the lake.   Each corner of the park has something to offer from the amphitheater, (which houses periodic concerts/ performances in the park), to the outdoor dinning cafes, to the romantic swan peddle boats (for rent), to the exciting park/ play area for children.  The park is lush with lots of greenery and wildlife which includes a thriving population of ducks, geese, swans and squirrels.  Expect to encounter lots of pedestrians, canine friends, and a small homeless population in this wonderful downtown park.
This review is for mainly the swan boats. We came on the Sat of Labor Day weekend around 10:30am and we found ample parking (metered, only $1 for an hour, 2 hour limit) easily and also found the clean public restrooms easily, too. We had seen an article about renting swan shaped paddle boats in The Southern Living magazine and got excited. We thought ALL the boats would be rented out first thing in the morning because who wouldn't think renting swan boats would be cool, cause we did. Anyways, we got there at 11am and were the first ones to rent a swan boat. But I have to say that once we were on the water, 2 other groups rented boats, too. They must have seen how much fun we were having. There's no store front, you pretty much walk towards the swan boat dock and then you will see a gal or guy in a blue shirt who will take care of you, help you into and out of the boat, and take your money. It was $15 for 30 mins. Make sure to go to the swan boats you see that are on the other side of the lake from the Panera and large playground cause we went there first and then had to get back into the car and drive around the lake again to the correct place. Even for around 11am, it was freaking hot outside. The gal told us what time we would have to be back and that most people don't end up staying out for all 30 mins. We laughed at that, of course we would stay out for the 30 mins we just paid for. We were both paddling and sweating like crazy since you're in the middle of the lake with no shade. We had big dreams of paddling to the other side of the lake to the other swan boats, which we did. But then we were all sweaty and suddenly really tired after only 10 mins of paddling and instead of doing this crazy loop around the rest of the lake, we ended up bee lining it back to the dock where the gal was nice enough to let us goof around, safely, and take some pics with these cool boats. They work just like a normal paddle boat, both paddle things on each side are connected to each other with one knob in the center to steer. But when can you say you paddled on a swan boat? The lake itself is very nice, it was a peaceful calm day, and there are lots of real life white and black swans to see while you are out on the water. Maybe it would be better in the winter or in the afternoon when it's less hot but it was  a great, not too expensive experience that you should go try, too.
Lake Eola is strategically placed in Orlando's downtown and provides a nice break to the meagre concrete jungle around it.  The sidewalk around the lake is just under a mile in length, so if exercise is your goal and you live around the area, you can easily measure your ability (or lack thereof) and also be surrounded by "nature". They also have plenty of real swans that you shouldn't feed bread but people do anyway. And fake (paddle) swans that you can rent to ride around the lake on. I have never actually done this, but according to the website, it is $15 for 1/2 hour. I personally don't think that that's worth it, hence the lack of having experienced it. There are certain landmarks around the lake that makes it "interesting" - the newly-renovated and colorful fountain, an odd Japanese pagoda, a war memorial, a playground for the little kids (no such equivalent for the older kids, bummer!), and other seemingly out of place randomness. I find myself mainly in Lake Eola for photo-shoots or for special events. As great of a place as it is for events, the worst part of trying to enjoy it is the lack of convenient parking. You will either have to pay in order to park in private lots or claustrophobic parking garages, or roam the tiny, side streets to find free parking and walk up to 10 blocks. Side effect #1 of being in the downtown area. Another side effect is its inability to maintain cleanliness, negatively impacting anyone's enjoyment when doing any sort of activity. It is not a large impact, but enough to make me a little leery and extra careful when there, especially at night. Overall, though, it is not the most pleasant "Central Park" but sufficient for the size of Orlando (is that a good thing or a bad thing?).
This lovely gem is located in the heart of downtown.  Lake Eola is a beautiful escape amongst the daily urban hustle and bustle. Many people dont know this, but Lake Eola is actually a sink hole with depths of up to 80 feet!  That is why the ornate fountain is situated to the south side of the lake. The lake is home to numerous swans, geese, and ducks. The swans are great to look at but some of them are a little snippy.  The geese on the other hand tend to be quite gentle. This is a great place to a quick escape or to get in the long overdue jog as it provides a beautiful backdrop. I have yet to venture out into the lake, but I know there are large swan-shaped paddle boats that can be rented if you wish to explore further.
Reviewing a park is cheating.  Most parks are nice, otherwise they really wouldn't be there and people wouldn't want them.  But this one has swan pedal boats. There's also a food establishment here that I did not partake in.  I may in the future, if I ever come back around.
Beautiful and iconic, Lake Eola Park is Orlando's signature park.  Thousands of people visit the park regularly for recreation and exercise, as well as for community events.  People are often walking/running, feeding the birds or just hanging out.  There is a weekly farmer's market, yoga in the park and a fountain with a light show at night.  I have even seen weddings take place there.  There are also several restaurants/bars that surround the park and it is located in downtown Orlando.
Very nice urban park - I should know as I've lived across the street from it (corner of Central and Eola) for over 5 years and use it all the time.  It's a wonderful park.  If you google Orlando on their map search, it basically dead centers on this lake, and it's pretty accurate in that is our city's "Central Park." I run around the lake in the morning  (it's just under a mile per lap) and it's a great downtown "sunrise" view over by the band shell if you can catch it.  Very enjoyable. The farmer's Market is pretty damn good and I hit it up very often.  Every Sunday 10a-4p... Evening jogs/walks/strolls are the BEST, especially after a nice dinner from one of the many places around.  They just installed the new fountain after the iconic older one was hit by lightening and destroyed (Notice the fountain logo on the street signs in the neighborhood?).  The new fountain is like "Bellagio Jr." with music and all every so often.  It's cool and totally Orlando. Social/Holiday/Pride/etc... events around this park always a total zoo.  Parking downtown is pretty rough as is and the streets are often closed off and I'm just glad I don't have to drive.  I'd have a plan if attending the 4th fireworks or some other major park event. Watch out for duck/goose/dog/etc. crap.  The park is very well kept, but I've been in the park enough to learn - brink a good thick blanket to chill on.  Hey, it's a busy park with lots of big birds in the lake.  What are you gonna do? Enjoy one of Orlando's non-touristy free things!
This is a nice park to walk around, get some fresh air and visit the waterfowl (please don't feed the swans :)) It also has an amphitheater, and plays host to regular cultural events, as well as a weekly farmers' market on Sundays, at which you'll find everything from vino to arts and crafts. It is not my favorite place to run though - it's a little too crowded for a run for my tastes, at least on weekends.   If you don't know the history of how the park came to be, here's a little bit I learned while researching downtown homes: Jacob Summerlin (cattleman extraordinare, who also built a dope courthouse to keep the seat of the county from being put in freakin' Sanford) donated the land to the city of Orlando in the late 1800s, on the condition that the city create a well-landscaped park (with a "driveway" around the lake - lol). Summerlin also put a clause in the deed to the land that would let his kids take the land back if the city ever failed to do so. Hmm, maybe that's why Buddy Dyer was so adamant that we fix the Lake Eola fountain...
Don't say you have been to Orlando unless you have been to Eola Park! This place is rich in history and its subtle charm wins everyone over. Complete with a shady playground, bandshell, and other park amenities this location is perfect for hosting events from weddings to concerts. The park is dog friendly but watch out for the swans! Do also rent a Swan Gondola and get a closer look at the fountain. Do avoid this park at night; especially on the weekends unless going to a special event. The police do their best to patrol however the park can be a little sketchy when the sun goes down (as most parks in big cities can be). The festival events here must also be visited. The streets are closed and plenty of deals are to be found!
Nature, with food and drinks.  I think I've found heaven!  Lake Eola Park is that place.  In a city filled with theme parks, this natural playground is refreshing.  Located in downtown Orlando, this 43 acre park is a place where you will find families having a picnic, kids laughing on the playground, couples walking hand in hand, friends having a drink and grandparents feeding the swans. I enjoy going to the park on Sundays.  I can take advantage of the Orlando Farmer's Market that takes place from 10:00-4:00.   If you don't happen to visit the park when the farmer's market is running, there is a Publix across the street on East Central Blvd where you can grab some picnic fixins.  There's also a restaurant located on the NW corner of the park. There are two public restrooms located on opposite ends.  One is conveniently located next to the playground.  While parking can be a challenge since there isn't much on street parking in the area.  You can go a block or two for a spot or hit one of the parking garages nearby. One of my other favorite times to visit the park is at night.  The fountain has been repaired and the water show is fantastic.  The colors on the fountain change along with the different sprays of water.  There are times when it seems as if the fountain is in rhythm with the music overhead on the speakers throughout the park.  It's a nice walk along the well lit trail.  You'll find others out enjoying the atmosphere too. I look forward to exploring Lake Eola Park and it's beauty as much as I can!
How can one not like Lake Eola. Smack dab in the middle of downtown Orlando, this place is a tiny refuge from the banks and law offices that dominate the area. It's only 9/10 mile around the lake, so it's perfect for jogging, walking, photo ops and just hanging out. The fountain in the middle was struck by lightning and not working for a awhile, but now it's back (YAY) It's just so pretty here! Nice plants and landscaping, a Buddha temple, statues, and even live swans. The coolest thing is when a swan is carrying eggs (is that what it's called?)  the park folk will build a little screened enclosure to protect the nest. They Lake holds numerous events year round, from culture heritage events to art shows to 5k runs so sometimes parking is hard, but know what? It's in a great area so don't be afraid to park several blocks away and enjoy the walk.
Lake Eola Park is a centerpiece for Orlando, having grown up in the Orlando area I feel the park deserves more fame then it gets. The park features beautiful scenery, landmarks, great views of the downtown skyline, and of course the iconic fountain.. I make a point to take a stroll around the lake anytime I find myself in downtown and highly recommend it to anyone. Great place to take a jog, walk, have lunch at Relax Grill, read a book, just chill, or all of the above.. I also enjoy the easy convenience of parking, there is metered parking (which is free after 6pm and all day Sundays and holidays) on all four major streets surrounding the park which allows for easy direct access to the park without the hassle of having the park in expensive garages and crossing busy intersections.. Furthermore, alot of events happen at the park, there are frequent festivals, farmers market on Sundays, musical performances in the amphitheater, and a great firework dislplay every 4th of july.. I highly recommend this park to both locals and visitors alike..
Nothing beats a Sunday stroll round this lovely lake!  The people watching is great too =) There are swan boats... I'm dying to take a ride!  There is also a small play area for children which is a saver for me when my nieces are in town.   I love everything about Lake Eola and feel incomplete if I don't go at least once a week!  Is that weird?  ...
I love this park! I bring my daughter here to play and feed the swans. The playground is unique and fun. It encourages the kids to use their arms and legs, teaches them balance. I think it's a lot better climbing stairs and crawling around in tubes. It's a beautiful place to come jog or take a stroll and enjoy the different birds. Ducks, Geese, Swans etc. Once the fountain is back up and running it will only make this place even more enjoyable to come visit.
I have not reviewed this place--are you kidding me?!!  It's so beautiful  that the fountain is fixed.  I really love the walking area, the playground area and the swans. . .well, the swan boats. There are so many events held here--walks for all types of causes like breast cancer and Alzheimer's.  I also love outdoor yoga in the park as well.  It's just a great place to walk, on Sundays look at all the vendors at the farmer's market. . . You don't really go to the farmer's market looking for produce though--it's mainly food (arepas, juices, ice cream, italian ice, kettle popcorn), and a lot of other foods and bohemian like jewlery and other objects. Especially beautiful is the view at night for walking around, sitting, or if you happen to get a great table at Spice.   In the midst of all this will be some homeless people as well.  Give them a smile. . .you may get one back.
Ahh, beautiful Lake Eola. There's really nothing quite like a quiet oasis in the middle of a bustling metropolis like Orlando. In order to get here, you must first fight for a free parking spot on tiny Eola Drive. This usually takes a few u-turns, a lot of swearing, and a terrible parallel parking job. Once you make your way in, you're surrounded by trees, tall buildings, and swans. I wouldn't recommend getting too close to the swans as they're kind of mean. I think it's because Lake Eola used to have large swan boats that you could rent, and now that they're gone the real swans don't have a sense of purpose. Still, the white swans are lovely. In the middle of Lake Eola is a fountain that resembles the mothership. It is huge, tacky, and changes colors at night. It also shoots water 50 feet into the air. Orlando paid $2.3 million to have this fountain restored, so you must bask in its glory for at least 30 seconds. Walking around the lake is a calming experience. It's about 1.5 miles around so you can get a decent workout and take in the fresh smoggy air. The bathrooms show Orlando's sense of humor. There are signs inside that read: "Please do not shave or bathe in our sinks." At first you wonder, "Why would I do that? I mean, I'm sweaty, but my legs are silky smooth." Then you start to realize they're telling homeless people to get out. Ahh, yes, the homeless. They've always been a blister on the butt of Lake Eola's history. Up until recently, many used to call this home. They're no longer allowed to bathe here, it's illegal to feed them, and it's also illegal for you to have a nap in the grass. The city has done a pretty good job of kicking them out, so you should only be asked for change about five times on an average visit. If you can ignore the mean history of this park's past, it's still a nice place to sit still, write, and contemplate life, questions such as: "Why are Orlando's skyscrapers so short?"
This is Orlando!  I don't think there is a symbol greater than Lake Eola that represents the real Orlando and not the touristy Orlando.  More toursists should actually leave I-Drive and take a trip to see it!   There's nothing better than getting up on a weekend morning and going for a walk around the lake.  Even better if it's a farmer's market or festival day.  Then walk over to Thornton Park for some brunch.  I love it!  I wish we had more places like this.
Lake Eola Park is a popular destination in the downtown Orlando area. The lake was within view of my Embassy Suites downtown Orlando hotel so I visited several times during my recent business stay. This is a beautiful area to take advantage of the beautiful surroundings to walk at lunch or the evenings. The sidewalk that circles the lake is about 1 mile in length, making it easy for visitors to keep track of their walking and/or running distances. You should not feed the swans unless you use the local feeders to feed the live swans and other birds inhabiting the park. There are many relaxing beautiful flower beds and scenery to enjoy.
Great place to walk your dog or jog around. I absolutely love lake eola and wish that I lived closer to it, but it's worth the drive every time, great weekend activity, and there's a farmers market on Sundays. Can't be beat.
Lake Eola has it merits. I wish it was bigger because it is usually very busy with lots of people walking their dogs, running, eating lunch, taking photos or strolling. There are lots of huge swans, a small play ground, an amphitheatre and the relatively newly renovated fountain. They also added a bunch of unusual sculptures around the park, it is debatable whether these are an enhancement. Some of nice, but some of somewhat out of place..
Lake Eola is a great spot to go if you work or live downtown after work. Get a few walking or running laps around the lake, feed the swans, or people watch. There's plenty of sights to take in, plus finding parking isn't too difficult. There's a spot to grab a beverage and some cheap eats, too. If I lived nearby, I would walk my dog here often, as it is very per friendly.
This is one of my favorite places to walk around in Orlando, especially with my doggy (doggy bags are provided at several points along the path).  The path around the lake is very wide and there are lots of different decorated areas with fountains, a pagoda, playground and recently installed art pieces.  Some of the areas are more run-down but it seems they are doing a lot of work to improve it.  There are also lots of swans and turtles in the lake and walking on the path which is cute but also makes for a mess so watch your step! They also have swan boats you can rent that I think would make for a really cute date!! The large fountain is lit up at night and there are lights all along the path as well.  Be sure to check online for any events going on as it seems there is one every weekend and can be more crowded then relaxing.  There are lots of restaurants, paid parking garages or metered parking within walking distance.
I used to flock here every year for 4th of July....well, me and a billion other people. Parking sucks! Over crowded! No easy access to bathrooms! Ah, but nothing beats laying out on a blanket in the warm summer air during a huge fireworks display. It pretty much makes up for everything else.
I love this park.  It has changed so much since I grew up around the area.  The fountian is still there, but the park and the gardens are so well kept.  We enjoy seeing the swans around the lake.  It is very busy but also a good park to exercise around.  Plenty of shops and restaurants around to enjoy as well.  We enjoy going there to play and hit up the library nearby.
NYC has central park, Orlando has lake eola!! Love the park and everytime I go, it seems there are always things going on. Sunday farmers market around the whole lake. there was some running events during the week. This is the place people come to relax, chill, people watching, get inspired. What a beautiful park!
I visited this park during a business trip on a Sunday, December 15, 2013, when they had their annual Christmas parade that marched around the lake.  Located right in the middle of the city, Lake Eola Park is an astonishingly beautiful gem that anyone visiting the area needs to visit.  It is a great way to soak up the culture, environment, and atmosphere of Orlando.  Speaking to some of the locals here, I learned that events are always taking place at this location at the amphitheater, on the water, or around the lake at the nearby businesses.  Although I am not from the area, I could imagine that this is an excellent place to take a daily morning jog.
Well color me surprised. As much as we talk about Lake Eola peripherally in our reviews of restaurants and such, there's no Yelp entry for the park itself. Well let me sing its praises. Lake Eola is my go-to park; it's everything a city park should be. The mile-long sidewalk around the lake goes through nicely varied scenery and makes for excellent walking or jogging. The lake itself is lovely, and you can watch people on the rented swan boats paddle up to the fountain, then madly back out as the wind shifts the spray toward them. There are a few wide-open fields for frisbee or touch football. This place has the best people-watching in Orlando, hands down. The downtown condo boom has brought lots of pretty people with fancy little dogs who have nothing better to do than walk them around the park. While the best times to go are evenings or weekend afternoons, it's never deserted. There's a bit of a homeless presence, but really nothing that should make you uncomfortable. There's a playground for your kids, and a couple restaurants to get a glass of wine for mom and dad. Walking distance to anywhere downtown--tag team the park and Urban Think Bookstore or a drink at The Beacon. A Panera Bread is at the corner of Robinson and Eola, if you need your fix. Parking is a bit tight; the only free spots are on Eola Dr., but there are meters on Rosalind and Central, and the Central Garage is only a few blocks away. To all the tourists looking for a little Real Orlando Culture, this would be my first recommendation.
Still love Lake Eola! This park is the heart of the city, and it shows.  It's well kept, the playground is huge, bathrooms are kept pretty clean, and on any given morning or afternoon there are people walking or running around the lake for leisure or exercise.   Yes, the homeless hang here too.  If you'd like to help, check out this link ourm.org For the exercise minded, the inner sidewalk is .8 of a mile, the exterior sidewalk around the lake is a full mile. In Back to the Future like fashion, lightning struck the old fountain in the center of the lake.  If you buy tickets to Phantom of the Opera in October (the show is actually running Jan\Feb at Bob Carr), they will donate $5 per ticket to fix the fountain.  See Phantom, and Save the Fountain!
Definitely one of my favorite places in Orlando. Especially at night. It's a great place to walk around, chat, watch the ducks, geese and swans and to play on the playground!! Haha (you can't do that unless you are accompanying a child ... so we went at around 11pm). Haha. It's a great place for jogging, biking, rollerblading. People walk their dogs there. It's just a perfect little spot in the center of our little downtown area. I like looking up at the buildings surrounding the lake and I like that it's right near Thornton Park. Awesome, awesome park. So glad we have it ... can't wait for the fountain to be done. It's an icon in Orlando, the lake ... if you haven't been... GO.
If I could I would give this Park 10 stars, I would... The park is soo soo soo beautiful... Well planned, Well thought out.  Its perfect a perfect place for everyone, kids, seniors, couples, first dates, ect.   You can have a picnic, exercise, or just stroll along and you will leave feeling good... Downtown Orlando is equally beautiful with tons to do...  Around the corner from the park is a huge public library.... If you're ever in the area I highly recommend you check out this park its Orlando"s best kept secret....
Absolutely LOVE Lake Eola!!! It is my favorite park in Orlando. Its placed smack in the middle of downtown. The sidewalk around the lake is about 1 mile, so its great for exercise. Although my favorite time to go is at Sunset or at Night. Its very romantic and beautiful. $15 for half an hour swan ride on the lake is a MUST! and they really dont time you unless they are very busy. So you dont feel rushed or like you need to be checking your watch every couple of minutes. Nice restaurant surrounding the lake, by the where you rent the swans called RELAX (Review to follow) if your looking for a romantic lake area this is the Perfect Date Night option!
Beautiful park with a huge lake in the middle. Very peaceful and relaxing. Great for taking walks. Gorgeous swans swimming in the lake or resting on the grass. There are a couple of places to stop and eat or drink.
Lake Eola is so beautiful. I had many fun and romantic experiences here. I could walk around the lake a hundred times and not get sick of it. Great long relaxing conversations with people you care about. Sundays they have a mini farmers market. Various produce stands and gift stands occupy the south west part of the lake. I have a few friends who have a few of the lake. I need to pay them a visit.
I love Lake Eola Park. I find it the most peaceful and relaxing park to walk around. Its also very clean. I visit the park every Sunday for the Farmers Market from 10am until 4pm. They have live music, local produce, food and more..
A great park with wonder views of downtown Orlando. Plenty of birds around to watch and feed. ~Rent the swan boats so you can see the center fountain up close and truly see the "art" of it. =]
Lake eola park is a real gem. The fireworks show was fabulous and attended by a great crowd and managed to include a beer garden with no apparent troubles. On any non holiday/event day it is a great place to walk, jog or relax. We try to take all our out of town visitors here and everyone seems to enjoy it.
I always look forward to going there when I go to Orlando! Right smack in Downtown Orlando. When I first saw this park, I fell in love! Wonderful park to walk around and take pictures of the Mute Swans. I haven't been to Orlando in years but I'm reviewing of what i remember that stood out about this beautiful place!
Oh Lake Eola, you have changed my life. Coming from a very small town, where parks are just filled with a basketball court, swings, and the neighborhood kids, this place make my heart happy. The skyline is beautiful, the lake and fountain are gorgeous, and the homeless folk intrigue me. Some people think the homeless people detract from it, I think they add to the charm. For instance, the other day I was exercising and the homeless people were having a chess tournament! Seriously, I couldn't make this stuff up! I was fascinated, because it was intense, they were so into it. The fact that I don't have the slightest idea how to play chess, just made me appreciate these people even more and want to get to know them. Sundays seem to be the go to day. There is always a farmers market and something else going on, whether it be at the amphitheater or just around the lake. This is the one place that makes Orlando actually feel like a tight knit community.
There are firsts everywhere. Feed the ducks until their bellies swell, until you can pick through what is left of them and read which first will be yours. Sink the swans after. Watch what grows.
Loved the cool breeze you get under the shady parts by the small ponds. Checked out the Farmer's market, not as big as I thought but not too bad for a quick snack. Pass on the swan paddle boats, $15 for 30 min is steep even for Chicago standards! Saw some guy blowing up his own boat...lolz...think  we might have to go that route. Parking not bad Sat. afternoon, found a free spot!
Beautiful, breathtaking, relax, exercise, romantic, family, kids playground, gazebo, pet friendly, bars, everything for everybody. Great for wedding pictures, love story, sixteen candles or any occasion. Excellent affordable happy hours at Relax Grill and Spice, you can bring and carry all your own picnic but you can also buy wine, cheese, etc at Publix in front of the park or 7 eleven less than one block away...
Lake Eola Park is really the icon of the city of Orlando.  It's beautiful.  It's historical.  Perhaps it's not the precise geographical center of Orlando, but it certainly is the understood social center of Orlando.  It is from this beautiful and prodigious park that the rest of the city radiates.  They have a Disney amphitheatre, a big path for walking, historical memorials, and swan boats to take you to the giant fountain.  They also have many events there.  I love to take my dogs there and they love it even more.
This park is wonderful. It's quiet and relaxing despite being in the middle of the city. There are lots of ducks/swans/ibis to feed and the sidewalk around the lake is a great place to run/jog/walk around. It has swan paddle boats, a little restaurant, and a weekly farmer's market. It's also very well kept. If I lived in the immediate area I'd be here all the time.
