All in all this place was nice. Friendly, clean, and a spa like setting with ornate decor. My friend and I shared the double room for their groupon special: massage, facial, pedicure. The double room adjoined to a private dressing room with its own shower and bathroom. The gave us water when we arrived and we were able to take it with us to our room, but perhaps cold water waiting in that room would make it a bit nicer. Robes were hanging and waiting for us. The massage room was nice, beds are standard. My massage therapist was skilled. I'm very particular about the pressure and thoroughness of a therapist treating knots and particularly tight areas. While my therapist found spots, she didn't take a moment to help completely relax them. It was a 50 minute massage and yet she could have take a minute to do that. The facial was a bit clumsy in its preparation with all the filling of the water and clanking of bowls and items around the room. It was the same room as the massage room so we didn't have to get up which I thought was nice. The products they used made my sensitive skin break out on the hour long drive home following the pedicure portion. They should ask about your skin prior to applying their products. The pedicure was very basic. Warm water bath file, clip, clean, foot scrub, lotion, warm towel wrap, clear polish coat, color coat, done. They did serve us olives and cheese while we waited for the pedicure to being with fresh water. The room was relaxing and the chairs were decent massage chairs - clean and quiet with good setting options for massage. Personally, I get better pedicures from the Asian places near my house than I did here. But I'll be gracious and think that it was short because it was in combination with a massage which had already covered my legs and feet (but only just). The ladies were friendly, the road the place is on is busy but you can't hear it from inside. The AC is loud, the music is standard spa. For the package deal is was a great way to spend the afternoon. However, even if I lived near by I wouldn't go for a facial or pedicure just based on this visit, but night go back for a massage.
Very nice place with great massage services and nice ambiance. I had bought a Groupon for a 90 minutes couples massage (for $95) and it was well worth it! I went together with my boyfriend and we both enjoyed the experience very much. We were greeted warmly and not treated any differently although we had paid a discounted price (some places treat you like a lower-grade customer when you have a Groupon, not this one!). We were offered a glass of wine and then guided to a private room where cheese and crackers were waiting for us. You have a private bathroom and can take a shower and/or wash your feet prior to your massage (FYI: they spent quite some time massaging our feet during the 90 min massage - it's great!). The room of the massage was lit with candle light, they played relaxing music, and filled the room with a nice aroma. The massage girls were very skilled, friendly, asked your preferences regarding pressure etc. but otherwise they stayed quiet and let us enjoy the relaxing peaceful and zen treatment. All in all this was a very relaxing and nice experience. FYI: parking is free in the back. Do not judge the place from its curb appearance on SR 50. It's updated and very nice inside.
I discovered this place through Groupon and since it wasn't too far from my job, I decided to give it a try. I purchased a package that included a facial, massage, and mani/pedi...all I can say is WOW!  It was an amazing, relaxing, wonderful experience. I dealt with three different employees and each of them was great. I will definitely be back here again.
The words "extremely disappointed" and "total rip-off" are what I would associate with this spa. I came into Venchi on a Saturday for the first time ever because of a Groupon. This deal included a 30 min massage, 30 min facial, and spa mani/pedi, all for $69. Keep in mind that the point of any Groupon is not to offer a discount, but to impress and win over a customer and encourage return clientele. And Venchi completely failed in this aspect. The massage I received was horrible. My masseuse barely applied any pressure, to the point that it felt like she was just running her fingers across my back. That's not even a back scratch, let alone a back massage. In fact, my masseuse spent more time going around my table than actually massaging my back. She'd "massage" one tiny part of my back, then go around the table and repeat the same action, to the same part of the back, and then come back around again. I didn't even understand the point of this behavior. Finally, when we got to facial, she simply rubbed in a couple lotions into my face, and then put a hot cloth over my face. And that was it. That's not a facial. That's just moisturizing me. I laid there for a while until the time was up, and was confused at what just happened. The pedi was ok, and so was the mani, but it was not the spa mani/pedi that was promised. There was no additional massage of the legs or anything. It was essentially their basic package, which was not part of the deal. I left here really disappointed, but I'm a nice guy and didnt want to start a fuss. I even tipped. My sister complained at lengths, but the only recourse offered was to share our opinions on Yelp, so here I am. Not even an offer to help fix the problem, speak to their employees, or anything. Just a no-care attitude. Venchi, and especially Yunia, if you're reading this, listen to this advice: a Groupon deal is meant to attract customers and to encourage return clientele at full price, not offer sub-standard "you get what you pay for" service. Because if you don't impress your customers, move over. There are over a hundred day-spas in the Orlando area that are hungry for our business. For everyone else, don't waste your time or money. I wouldn't come back here for the Groupon price, let alone the full price. I wouldn't even come back here for free, it would just be a waste of my time. There are plenty of day-spas in the Orlando area that offer FAR superior service at a similar price. Check livingsocial for those deals. The only highlight of this spa was the awesome, bubbly young woman working the front desk. If you're reading this, we think you're really sweet, and you have a great smile. You were the only positive to our experience.
I had a great experience here today! I purchased a Groupon for a pedicure, massage and facial. All three were wonderful! I felt so relaxed and comfortable during the whole process! I will definitely go back - and ask for Valerie! She was great!
How do you ruin a couples massage that you were so looking forward to? Go to Venchi Day Spa, they'll ruin it for you! I received a 60 minute couple's spa Groupon as a gift. Our appointment was at 4pm. We arrived a little earlier and filled out paperwork.  Another couple arrived after us. At 410pm we were told that they were running late and that the couple that just walked in had their appointment before us but she said she called them to re-schedule their appointment now. So I asked her how long is going to be, another half hour? She checked and said yes. So I asked her why weren't we called and asked to re-schedule. We ended up waiting for more than an hour! When we finally got in the massage room, 2 massage therapists were rubbing lotion on us so fast as if it was a race! They kept mentioning not to buy the Groupon next time that they would give us the same deal. That's not relaxing at all! When they finished I checked the time it was 545pm. We weren't even in the room for 45 minutes! We were stunned! I get massages about once a month so I know this was terrible and unprofessional!
My boyfriend and I received a couples massage at Venchi yesterday after a long week of moving and packing. We were in desperate need of some relaxation, so I bought a Groupon for their 60 minute massage. On the way there, I typed the wrong address into my GPS and ended up on the other side of Colonial all the way by UCF! I called the spa and spoke to Brian at the front desk to let him know we would be late (I mean, really late, like 45 min. Late) and he was very friendly and accommodating. When my boyfriend and I finally arrived, I was frazzled and embarrassed at our tardiness, but Brian was very sweet and let us know not to worry and that it didn't cause any problems.  Immediately we received drinks from who I assumed was the spa manager, and we had some pleasant conversation with her before we went back for our massages. The massage room was clean and organized and after we undressed we were greeted by our friendly therapists. Like some other Yelpers mentioned, there was not much conversation about the type of pressure we wanted, but we were both asked what we wanted to achieve from the treatment, which was nice. Additionally, we both agreed to the up-sold deep tissue massage which they recommended for our sore backs. Overall, my massage was amazing. My therapist, Luc, was very thorough and even did some foot reflexology on me to try and release some pressure and tension in my back (I feel amazing this morning). They DO spend a lot of time on your feet, which not a lot of spas do, so that is a real perk. Her pressure was great, she was really sweet, and she constantly asked me how I was doing comfort-wise (especially during some more sore areas). I would highly recommend her to anyone going to this spa!!! Ask for her by name and you won't be disappointed. My boyfriend's experience was a little bit different, which is why I can't give this spa a 5 star review. Like other Yelpers, it seems as if he received a therapist they could not apply the type of pressure that he needed. He said his therapist didn't have a good sense of time management, and spent more time on some areas than others, leaving his massage feeling a little lopsided. This was his first massage experience and unfortunately he was pretty disappointed. I wish he could go back for a re-do with Luc. There were also a few minor problems with noise level--we were there at the end of the day, so I understand that they were probably cleaning up and getting ready to close, but we heard some rather loud clamoring outside our room several times that distracted me and interrupted the mood a little bit. Overall, I felt that this place is great. The staff is friendly and talkative, the atmosphere is clean and inviting, and the customer service was great. I can't speak for my boyfriend, but I would definitely go back for another massage with Luc.
This salon actually requires a credit card in advance of an appointment!!   Who does that?  Anyway beware that their "classic" mani/ pedi advertised on the menu in the front is not on their "spa" menu once they take you back to the spa area.  (Spa prices are higher) I had a mani/pedi one week ago.  My feet still look great but the polish on my hands looks awful.
A day of pampering was given to me as a gift recently at this day spa which included a 50 minute facial, pedicure and a manicure.  I had a day to myself recently and decided it was time to enjoy it. This spa is located on 50 situated amongst many restaurants in a very busy area.  I was concerned at first when I entered the parking lot behind the spa.   Seemed sort of run down and the spaces were very tight.  I must say though the spa itself was very updated, welcoming and of course, relaxing .   I was greeted by a very friendly staff member who immediately offered me something to drink while I waited for my appointment to begin.   Promptly at my appointment time I was introduced to my Technician, Valerie who brought me back to the facial room.  I have to admit I had never been a fan of facials, mostly because I have sensitive skin so I wasn't sure if I would like it.  I must admit, it was the best facial I have ever had.  Valerie took her time and even massaged my head, shoulders and hands as part of the facial experience.  I was in heaven.  When she was finished, I was makeup free but my skin was glowing and radiant.  I felt and looked refreshed. Next was the relaxing pedicure where my feet and toes were pampered while I relaxed in the massage chair and enjoyed wine, olives and cheese.  A soothing manicure followed my pedicure. I didn't pay for my spa day but after glancing at the salon's price list believe Venchi to be very competitive with other salons and possibly even more reasonable priced for the services they offer.  I would definitely go back!
I have been to this Spa a few times already and the reason I keep coming back is because of the great service and the quality they offer!  The therapists are very attentive and courteous! I've had facials done with Ana, waxing done by Ositis, pedi done by Andrea, mani done by Hayli, etc. We have celebrated special occasions here and have pretty much taken over the spa with a while bunch of our friends a couple if times as it is a great way to have a relaxing and fun time among friends in a very soothing type of gathering and environment! I recommend Venchi any day, anytime to anybody!
This was the worst non-massage I had ever received. I got the full body massage and basically just had the masseuse run her fingers over my skin. I asked her to increase the pressure 5 times but she barely did. She said that she would when it came to the deep tissue massage, but I never noticed a difference. On the other hand, my sister had a pretty good experience. I guess it depends on who you get as a masseuse.
I was really excited to visit Venchi Day Spa because of all of the great reviews here on Yelp. Unfortunately, I am so disappointed with my experience here. I attended this day spa with my mom, brother, and sister to celebrate my mom's birthday. We had a Groupon deal: $69 for a 30 minute massage, 30 minute facial, and spa mani/pedi. We were all really excited to go (especially since my mom has never been to a spa before, so I was really excited for her). First, my sister and I both received massages in the same room from two different therapists. My sister didn't have any complaints about hers, but my therapist was horrible. She was not doing anything even closely resembling to a real massage. She was essentially just glistening her hands over my back. I kept asking her to apply more pressure (about ten times during the massage), but I promise you, her pressure never changed. She also spent most of her time switching sides of the table than actually paying attention to any areas of my body. I was so disappointed. Also, at one point during the massage, the therapists SWITCHED PLACES on us, so my sister had my therapist and I had hers for about 5 minutes. I have never experienced anything like this before. I was not even that upset because my sister's therapist was significantly better than mine, but it was just weird. I asked my sister's therapist why they switched, and she told me it is because she is better at applying pressure. Well then, I wish I did not have the horrible therapist for the majority of my massage. Shouldn't all therapists at least be adequate at delivering decent services? I am not even sure how to feel about this. Then, after our massage was over, my mom and brother met up with us in the mani/pedi room. It was at this time that my brother also told me about his horrible massage experience, but I will not speak on his behalf. I will wait for him to write a review. The mani/pedi was once again very disappointing. The Groupon deal and the spa services brochure both explain that the mani/pedi comes with additional massaging of the feet and hands, but this did not happen. Furthermore, all of us had different nail technicians working on us, but mine and my mom's did not start until 20 minutes after my sister's and brother's, so we were kind of just sitting there waiting and staring at them getting pampered, which was weird. Then, even though my mani/pedi started 20 minutes late, it was over about 20 minutes before everyone else's. What? When I looked at the finish product, it was clear why mine was so much shorter: there was still dirt under my fingernails and toenails, and the polish was poorly painted on my nails. I had so many bubbles and creases in the polish. When I asked the nail technician why it was like this, she said it is because of my nail texture. I have had so many mani/pedis in the past and not once was it such poor quality. Since my mani/pedi was done almost a half hour before the rest of my family's treatment, I had some time to observe the place. I noticed that every other customer that came in was offered wine as soon as they came in. I don't even really drink, but I was already aggravated with the poor service so I decided to finally say something. I asked the owner if they had any wine, since we were not offered any. She immediately looked like a deer in headlights and said that the last glass they gave out was all they had left, and started making up some other excuses. It was obvious that she was lying--she also noticed her failed lie and eventually went to the back room and came out with a small glass of wine just as I was about to leave. Honestly, I could care less about the wine that I practically had to force out of her: instead, I was mostly offended that we were never offered any wine to begin with. When I asked her why we were never offered any wine, she said that they do not want to offer wine to customers before massages, only afterwards, due to health reasons. I said "well, this makes sense, but we were not offered any after our massages either." Then she started making up more excuses about why this happened. I was over it. The worst part about all of this is that I actually had the chance to speak to both the owner and the manager at the end of my visit to express my grievances, but neither of them asked how they could help or make things right. They just accepted my complaints. I was really pleasant while sharing my concerns, so I do not believe I was being offensive...they just didn't seem to care. I understand that Groupon customers are not paying as much for services upfront, but companies value these promotions because it increases the chance for return customers. Groupon promotions are meant to increase company exposure. I must say that after visiting this day spa, I would NEVER pay full price for those services NOR would I pay the Groupon price for these services. It was a waste of $70. I will never return to Venchi day spa.
My boyfriend bought me a spa massage, facial and mani-pedi. The staff was very friendly and the woman who did the services was very nice. I felt welcomed and left feeling very relaxed. They are very clean and use clean tools for everything. I highly recommend for the girl who loves everything on a budget! I loved that it was it viet-town. You can grab bahn mi afterwards:)
I came to Venchi Day Spa the day before Valentine's Day to enjoy a couple's massage with my boyfriend. The spa was clean and spa staff were very friendly and attentive. My boyfriend hates to have his feet touched, but I communicated this to the masseuse before the treatment and it was not an issue. Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our massages and I would definitely recommend Venchi Day Spa to anyone looking for a relaxing treatment with excellent service.
I read all the reviews before I chose this spa and I admit the negative reviews had me a bit nervous. After going in today for my massage I knew I had to write a review...and I never write reviews, I just read them :) I booked a couples massage for our 5 year anniversary and the staff on the phone were great. The groupon had sold out so they told me they would honor the groupon price...Awesome!!!!! So we arrived 15 minutes before our scheduled appointment and completed the necessary paperwork within 5 minutes and were taken back to the couples massage room. The room was clean and they even had a private couples room where we could change, have a drink and prepare for the massage. We did the 90 minute massage and it was absolutely THE BEST massage. I had read in previous reviews that someone had trouble with the massage therapist who was pregnant and not able to apply pressure during the massage. This simply was not true for my experience. She was amazing and was definitely able to apply great pressure during the massage.  I can't say enough great things about this place! We received 90 minutes of pure bliss. The staff was friendly and you can really tell they care about the feedback they receive. Thank you also to the manager who was also very nice! We will definitely be back!!!
Don't let the scary outside fool you. This place is great. I had a wonderful massage, followed by a facial and relaxing pedicure. Definitely check it out. They had a great package special.
I haven't been to Venchi yet and I'm loving it already. I found Venchi Day Spa on Groupon, I am not a local, I am coming in to Orlando to vacation with my husband for our anniversary.  This is our first "adult vacation" since we've been married, I figured what a better way to relax than going to a spa? I called beforehand to make sure they had availability for the weekend we are coming in. The person I spoke to was very polite, she told me the Groupon offer had expired but they would still honor the rate for our visit. How awesome is that!? Contrary to other reviews I saw we were not required to give a credit card (although from experience that's pretty standard). They took the time to explain other services I was curious about and she made sure we knew to come in early, etc. (again, standard). We are all set! Coming in next weekend! It will be my husband's first time so I am really excited. Will update after our visit but so far, so good!
Among my friends, I am considered the groupon/livingsocial queen.  I get spa services regularly, almost always on a discount voucher from one of these sites and this is the only one I've been to that I plan to pay full price to return to!
I am shocked by all the negative reviews. I came to Venchi Spa with a few of my girlfriends and all recieved various services. I had a mini facial, massage and Pedicure. Everything was wonderful! The outside of the spa is very deceiving, because the inside is absolutely beautiful. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door and was given some wine and cheese and throughout my entire visit was pampered. I've been to many different Spas in Orlando area and this was by far the best experience and wayyyyy less money spent!!
Get it together Venchi Day Spa. Worst Experience, I know I can't expect Ritz Carlton treatment but I still expect good customer service.
I purchased a Groupon for a 60 minute couples massage about a month ago. I called and made an appointment at least 3 weeks ahead of time. Our appointment was at 11:30 but we arrived at 11:15 as requested to fill out the paperwork beforehand. It only took us a minute to sign the papers then we waited until shortly after 11:30 when they took us back. Neither of the girls introduced themselves. They didn't ask either of us if there was anything specific we wanted them to work on. They just said they'd be back in a few minutes and shut the door. After we laid down on our beds I noticed it was taking a while so I looked around for a clock and saw that it was 11:48 before the girls came back in. As soon as the massage was over my boyfriend said "That was an hour?" I looked and it wasn't even 12:30 yet. I paid for 60 minutes and only got 40. I understand that the 60 minutes usually includes the time it takes to get dressed and undressed. But 20 minutes short? So I asked the girl when we came out why it was cut short and she argued with me that we were taken back on time and she didn't take 20 minutes to come back in the room. Fortunately for me the owner happened to be there. After she spoke up, the girl changed her tone and told me that I was the customer and she wanted me to leave happy. They took us back for the second time and massaged us for another 20 minutes. I appreciated the effort to make it right, but it's not nearly as relaxing to have your hour massage split in half. This spa is very nice (the location isn't the best, but the inside is nice) and I have to say my massage was good (minus the fact that I could tell it was being rushed - and I don't know the girl's name to recommend her to anyone) but I was dissatisfied with the way we were treated. I'm also disappointed that this was my boyfriend's first massage experience. I don't know if they treat all of their customers this way or of they were just having a bad day, but I probably won't return here.
