Best donuts and coffee bar none! My 2 favorite donuts are the maple bacon and the plane glazed! The columbian supremo bold is great coffee! Get here early because they sell out of items and have long lines! This is another hidden gem!!!
Great doughnuts and coffee! Get their early otherwise you will be waiting in a long line. It's nice to see that they opened up another location. The other spot is on Sanibel. Although it's very clean and also delicious, I would recommend the original location to get the true experience.
No other donuts in the area compare! Say goodbye to Dunkin Donuts, Publix Bakery, and store bought donuts. Bennett's Fresh Roast is making these babies fresh and hot each day with style. Although I am a raving fan for their Glazed and Cinnamon Sugar, I recommend trying their Peanut Butter and Maple Walnut. Soft, warm, and always delectably sweet! Their coffee does not fall short of supreme either. My favorite being the Biscoff Latte with hazelnut flavoring! A bit pricier than your average Starbucks cup of joe, but the quality is well worth it. Along with Bennett's delicious coffee & donuts combo, the service is outstanding. The mornings can bring in a high volume of guests. (I have seen a line go out the door). Employees remain sincerely polite, calm and patient. I have never seen anything like it for a coffee joint. All in all, Bennett's breaks the mold of donut-making and coffee-crafting. I will continue to spread the word of this little diamond in the rough!
Great donut.....terrible espresso. The espresso tasted exactly like drip coffee. If I were rating on the donut alone they would have had 4 stars. 0 stars for the fake espresso......interesting that the premise is coffee roasting. Hmmm
Best donuts and coffee I've had since moving to Fort Myers! No joke. You won't be disappointed leaving this building and their customer service is great. Zero complaints and I'm telling everybody about it.
Great coffee, oatmeal and donuts! Absolutely loved the key lime donut! Staff was very nice and the place is really clean and nicely decorated.
Best doughnuts around, great service and better than Krispy creams and Dunkin donuts.  Not greasy and the filling doughnuts are not oozing with imitation cream filling.
STILL THE BEST Donuts and coffee in the area. Without question. We have been here many times, but wanted to try their "new to the menu" Lobster Rolls. I must say they were quite good, but not great. Certainly not anywhere as good as the Lobster Rolls at Cape Cod Fish Company on Old McGregor. The lobster was watery and, while sufficient, not what you would call abundant. The slaw that came with it had been thrashed into miniscule bits and orange and sugar had been added. An acquired taste. Location - 5 STARS Donuts - 5 STARS Coffee - 5 STARS Service - 4 STARS (getting a bit tired, old & brusque) Lobster Roll - 3 1/2 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 5 STARS Value - 4 1/2 STARS
This place is delicious from their coffee to the homemade donuts! But by any means they are not priced as one $ more like $$.  A cup if coffee here cost about25 cents more  than Starbucks. I love all coffee from bold to mild and over all they are better than Starbucks.  As with their food it's OK and that is why they don't get 5 stars.  I've been there twice,  first time I had chicken bacon Ranch and it was good but just about same as Panera Bread the second time I tried a chicken pot pie and it was cold  so I took it back and it came back cold again. Coffee here gets a perfect 5 star and food maybe a 3.
Dunkin Donuts who?  Why ever get a donut anywhere but Bennett's?!  And don't get me wrong, I lurve DD coffee, but Bennett's does everything right. The friendly staff, donut selections, smooth tasting coffee.. A real treat in SWFL. Some favorites are the cinnamon bun donut and the orange coconut. I didn't care for the maple bacon, the bacon has the taste of liquid smoke which is very unappealing.
Maple bacon doughnuts...need I say more?  Nice little place to get a coffee and doughnuts, but not great if you have kids.
Dropped by to try out their coffee this morning.  Server Jacqueline was very pleasant to chat with, but double espresso she served was basically a mug of strong coffee.  Better than starbucks but no where near as good as Spirits of Bacchus for espresso.  Server was among the best and she gave me a maple glazed donut topped in bacon to sample.  It was fresh and tasty, but sweetness of the glaze overwhelmed the bacon--extra salt would have helped and would have encompassed all 4 food groups for proper Deep South food (sugar, fat, refined flour and salt).
My favorite coffee and breakfast spot.  Beans are roasted in home, so it's fresh. Great donut shop as well which are make in home.  Wifi and nice atmosphere.
Donuts were out of this world!  I tried the peanut butter and s'mores. Both were great!  Hubby had a cinnamon roll and a glazed donut (which one of the staff brought over as an "on the house/just because" treasure) ...  hubs said they were right on the money.  But the real gem at this place is the coffee..... Move over Starbucks, this place is the real deal!  I had a cafe mocha and hubs has a latte.  The coffee is strong and the flavoring is an add on instead of a cover up. Only wish we didn't move to NC or we'd be coming here every morning for our java!  Dear owners... Please open one in the Raleigh area!  :)  I can't say enough good things. Decor is comfortable and modern. The people are nice. This is a must stop next time you're near downtown FM!
We had the orange donuts and maple bacon.  (I hear the maple bacon sometimes sell-out so get 'em while you can) Homemade and yummy!
This has become a requirement any time I'm in Fort Myers visiting the boy's family. I can't speak to the beverages, not being a coffee drinker, but we're all here for the donuts so let's cut to the chase: these are the real deal. There will most likely be lines here when you come, as there should be, with donuts this amazing. Offering a wide variety from the regular glazed, to cinnamon sugar, to maple bacon, strawberry sprinkle and beyond. The donuts are light, yeasty, and utterly delicious. They also have some other pastries, breakfast sandwiches and the like if you want to stray from the path. With plenty of seating indoors in addition to the small deck to the side with bistro seating, you can eat in or grab a half dozen to take home. Although if you can actually get these bad boys home without demolishing them in the car then you are a stronger person than me.
Great spot whether you're a tourist or a local! We went early on a Sunday and there was no line, but there was definitely one forming when we left at 8:30 so get there early!! All of the donuts look amazing, but of the four we got my favorites were definitely the chocolate peanut butter and caramel toffee crunch...next time we'll probably only get one each because they're big! Try it if you're in the area!
This place is outstanding. The staff are courteous, friendly, and efficient. The coffee is pretty darn good. They're famous for their donuts, so that's what I'll focus the rest of this review on: Glazed - If you don't enjoy this donut there's something horribly wrong with you. Maybe you're diabetic. Cinnamon sugar - Like the glazed, soft and delicious. Chocolate chip - Large white and milk chocolate chips. This one has awesome flavor and texture thanks to the chips. I had another one that was like a cinnamon roll. It was awesome but my girlfriend only let me have a few bites. Very selfish. Did I mention their coffee is great? Two thumbs up for Bennett's.
If you are tired of mass produced donuts like Dunkin or Krispy Kreme then this is the place for you. These are top notch, fresh, made from scratch, HUGE, tasty donuts. If you don't live in Fort Myers or have a place like this near you, then you will forever be disappointed with sad reality that you will not have these donuts at your disposal. They also have a nice coffee selection if you're into that. I tried d a Maple Bacon, Cinnamon Sugar, Glazed, and Maple Walnut donut. All were excellent.
I think I'll update my review here with every new donut I try. Saturday morning I got lucky and as I walked in to order, a fresh batch of Maple Bacon was put out. I asked for one of those and then the Boston Creme, which was recommended by a fellow yelper. I must say, the Boston Creme was absolutely phenomenal! The donut held together great and wasn't overly sweet how a lot of cream filled donuts tend to be. I also had their coffee for the first time and it was one of the best cups of coffee I think I've ever had. The Colombian Bold was strong but not overly dark. Perfectly roasted and delicious.  My fiance went with her normal hot tea and the cinnamon bun. The bun was still amazing and the outside ring of dough was a lot better this time around as well. This place just gets better and better every weekend.
This place never disappoints. Absolutely the best maple bacon donuts, not to mention all their other donuts. The caprese sandwich was amazing. The owner is great and so is the staff, very friendly.
Just ask and you shall receive! I I stopped by this morning and asked if they would be willing to make a fresh breakfast sandwich. The answer was a resounding yes. This is the way a business owner should approach guest service. You have created a raving fan.
In order of my favorites: 1. Bacon Maple 2. Coconut Almond 3. Glazed 4. Cinnamon Sugar 5. Boston Creme . People were very nice and the service was great. The only donut that I didn't care for was the peanut butter chocolate. Coffee was good as well.
I had 5 donuts from here this past weekend, I can NOT get enough. It's Peter M. and I's treat when we visit his family in Cape Coral. YUM! I have to update because we tried the new Frozen Orange drink made with fresh squeezed Florida OJ and a few other secret ingredients... DO IT! I am not addicted to that. I sorta want to swim in a mixture of this while eating the mouth-watering donuts. They also let us bring our pup in to order and then brought dog treats outside... SO NICE!!!
Ever wished you had a case of facial hemorrhoids? Two bites of Bennett's yeasty, lard-laden maple bacon doughnut and you WILL rest your pretty little kisser on that puppy all day, every day. The earthy sweetness of the maple icing with properly cooked, thick cut bacon on a beautifully fried, non-cake doughnut. This is the fucking Voltron of breakfast, okay; it's the Captain Planet and your sweet tooth/morning stomach growls are those wack-ass pollution beasts he thumb-squished (Duke Nukem! He's that yellow dude lookin' like a poor man's Thing. Whatta maroon.) Iced tea is fresh brewed, and I'm sure if I liked coffee even one iota, I'd have tried Bennett's house roasted blends. But for now, my cholesterol-logged heart is pulling me towards those fresh rings of Olympic gold. Even the Slovakian judge gave them a 9.8 and he's tough. PS - The strawberry frosted tastes like actual strawberries. It's madness! PSS - Bennett's has a loyalty program. Normally, I'd say it's the doughnut, but then I saw cards and figured it went beyond. Grab me one next time your DTF(tMyers).
Awesome coffee and best donuts I've eaten in my life!!  That's saying a lot because I'm from Chicago and we know good food!  Donuts Rock!  Coffee is very good.  Loved the atmosphere sitting outside.  I'll be back!
Great donuts! Very good coffee and even better atmosphere. Service is prompt and friendly.
Six months ago when my mom moved to Fort Myers, I made a list of a few places (based on yelp reviews) that I definitely wanted to try.  Bennett's was first on my list and remained untouched after several subsequent visits; I never found the time to get down here. Well, it just so happens that last time I flew down we were doing a few late afternoon errands somewhere downtown and I wanted some lunch - grabbed my phone, yelp yelp, and saw that Bennett's was .7 miles away. Yes, my original intent was to head there in the morning for their critically acclaimed coffee and donuts, but I did see that they were also a deli, so I figured their lunch food had to be as good as their breakfast food.  Oh, it was. Despite the fact it was late in the day and they were a few hours from closing, I ordered and subsequently downed several cups of their specialty (hot) coffee of the day.  Bold roast, slightly nutty, and slightly sweet.  I could have sat there all day and drank that even though it was 86 degrees outside. For lunch I had tuna salad on a croissant, which came with sun chips.  I killed the sandwich - everything was fresh, and you know the tuna is good when it overflows from the sandwich as you take a bite.  Chips came in handy at the end to mop up what dropped. Got another coffee refill on my way out, and I figured since I was there I would grab a donut (chocolate frosted) for later...annnd I ended up eating it in the car about 5 minutes after I left.  I couldn't help myself.  It wasn't even super fresh by their standards and it still melted in my mouth.  Next time I visit, I'm definitely headed back.
(I do this thing where I will run around a city for several miles to "earn" my doughnut...and I did that at Bennett's and showed up to a "Sold Out" sign.  I left chapped, but returned the following morning to fully stocked cases. ) Those cases are a thing of beauty. I'm not going to lie...When I dropped my coconut donut, I literally started to cry.   And when my beau tried to buy me another one I responded with something like, "NO!!!  I don't deserve nice things!!!" Luckily the guy behind the counter felt sorry for me and gave me a fresh one on the house.   These doughnuts are amazing.  The best I've ever had....and this girl can eat some doughnuts.  They are fresh with really good ingredients.  Nothing crazy like Voodoo.  Just good honest hardworking Joe doughnuts.
There is usually a long line, but the staff who work here are very quick and efficient. They get the line moving quick. Good team work! If only I can get there early enough for a strawberry glazed, ugh! I keep missing it :-( I WANT A STRAWBERRY GLAZED! Maybe, make double since it's popular . Just a suggestion. I chose Lemon Filled which turned out to be a great replacement. I love love love the cinnamon sugar donut.. Probably my favorite, tastes like loukomades .
Bennett's was the first place I stopped in Ft. Myers, after my red-eye landed and nothing else aside from chains were open at nearly 6am.  The turned on their "Open" sign when I pulled into their lot and were still cutting/frying donuts when I was ordering. Very cool to see in person! I had a coffee (very strong..almost too strong) and the maple-bacon donut.  Wow.  I've never had a donut so soft in all my life!  It all but melted in my mouth.  The icing was sweet and definitely fresh; it hadn't hardened at all like the chain kind.  The bacon?  Thick-cut and cooked perfectly.  Mmm, what a great sweet-savory combination.   I wanted a second donut, but somehow resisted.  Ovehearing the chatter at the counter, the strawberry donuts were popular, and the "orange one" apparently tastes like a Creamsicle.  My only regret is that I never made it back to try their sandwiches for lunch. If you stay and enjoy your eats at Bennett's, the coffee is "bottomless" and they have complimentary WiFi.
We were disappointed by our experience here. I read so many marvelous reviews about their donuts and we were excited to try them! When we got there at around 1pm we asked about the donuts and the whole pastry case was completely sold out/cleared out empty- so no donuts for us. We still ordered an extremely expensive ameriano (an americano is just espresso and water, come on now) and while we were waiting for our drink another couple came in for donuts as well BUT when the staff told them that their donuts were sold out they offered the couple a coupon to say they were sorry, why didn't we get a courtesy coupon?? Not cool.
My favorite breakfast in Fort Myers.  I love the Maple Bacon Doughnuts, Strata, and Bold Coffee.
Hands down BEST Donuts!!!  Ok so don't judge but we started with a 1/2 dozen:) and then went back for round two and ordered three more!!! HeeHee  After reading all the Yelp reviews we had to try a little of each.  Our favs. and must try were the Maple Bacon!!!  I know it doesn't sound wonderful but something about the salty-sweet...reminded me of pancakes with syrup and bacon.  The Glaze donut was the best that I have ever had!!  We also loved the Almond Coconut(my favorite!!!) and the Cinnamon Sugar tasted like an elephant ear that you would get a carnival!!!  Which by the way we ate you would think that we were!!! :))  Coffee was delish too!!  Staff were friendly and offered great customer service.  Love this place!!!.....needless to say I experienced a sugar crash about an hour later and was good for nothing the rest of the afternoon but that's ok totally worth it! :)  Must Try!!!
wow ... absolutely awestruck! I was searching for a Starbucks on the way to a clients while on a business trip and happened to see this place with 8+ five star reviews and had to stop by. Can't believe what I walked into. The owners have done a great job with creating an intimate family atmosphere while offering up some amazing homemade donuts with FRESH roasted coffee. I wouldn't say that I'm a coffee aficionado but I do recognize good coffee when I come across some. Hurry up and go if you're reading this and are within driving distance! GO :)
Try their oatmeal! I've been making this a part of my Bennett's breakfasts lately. "Loaded", it comes with raisins, granola crumbles, and brown sugar. Ask for a shot of milk on the side to complete it! The serving is plentiful enough to be its own meal. Adding a doughnut is almost too much. *Almost*. It still happens though. Got a dog or a little baby pygmy goat? Well, keep that thing outside! They usually have a couple water bowls outside for your four-legged fur baby. (Yeah, I've seen a goat here!) Try each type of doughnut, each roasted-in-house coffee, each tea. Just not all at once, that would be insane or something. You'll keep coming back, I'll guarantee it. There's a reason why the owner, Bob, has been on the Cooking Channel! Surprisingly affordable. Even though it looks kickin' busy, the staff is always on top of it, the line moves smoothly, and you can always find a seat.
Good coffee and great freakin doughnuts. I am not a doughnut guy, but those were so tasty. End up going back three times
Love the doughnuts here! Unique flavors and soft! Staff here is friendly! Make sure to add your name to the preferred customer list for discounts!!!
I don't even like donuts and I tried the coconut orange glaze donut and it was AMAZING
I can't love this place more! It's so amazing, cozy, unique, and the food is delish! I typically get the glazed donut and the Thai green tea, but really whatever you order will be awesome! It's always busy but it adds to the atmosphere!
Ah, Bennett's - you're pretty, pretty, pretty good! I was in desperate need of wifi on my recent trip to Fort Myers (my grandmother still has dial up!) and Bennett's came right up in my local search. So off we went for a (hopeful) hour of sweets and caffeine. Unfortunately for us, the day we stopped in there was some kind of accident (a fire/loss of their natural gas or something) and there were no donuts. Sooo sad! I was ready to chow down on their maple/bacon variety. We consoled ourselves with the thought that we'd stop by once more before leaving town, and then downed a French press pot and one of their delicious frozen fresh squeezed oj concoctions. Yumm. Apparently they roast their beans fresh every day, and you just can't go wrong with that. Based on their menu, this is definitely a great little spot for breakfast, lunch, a quick coffee or event a beer/wine stop. I love the rounded bar/kitchen area, and the bright colors are pleasing to the eye. There's also a little patio, in case you want fresh air, and in tucked away in the back corner on the way to the restrooms is a comfy little couch. The only neg for me was the super-slow wifi. I wasn't able to get much done in the way of work because it was so sluggish, but believe me I was sure happy to have some kind of internet connection. I'll be back down to Ft. M in a few weeks, and I'll definitely be stopping by again for some delicious donuts!
Get a bacon doughnut, and a cup of (hot, hawt, hooooot! haaaaaat!) coffee and set aside about an hour to yourself with a book or your computer to watch Youtube Videos (free coffee refills) wow! Wild, I know! This is the best place in SWFL to get a doughnut and coffee, and the service is spectacular. when you walk in, you imagine that this place is a chain, but after seeing how responsive and accommodating Bennett & his staff are- you know it's got home cookin' written all over it. Plus this gives a great atmosphere to talk, read, sit, work, or sit Indian style in the bathroom while you unroll their toilet paper. (I wouldn't do that last one)
Artisans are hard to find in Fort Myers, which is why it's so important to support a place like this. The coffee has become a staple in my house. Anyone who takes the time to roast their own beans to their specifications is worthy of driving a few extra miles for every week. Plus those visits allow for me to indulge in the other thing they do so well well - a glazed donut. I'd put these up against any glazed in the world. Better than a Krispy Kreme when the "hot" button's lit. Better than the Superior in Flint, Michigan which was my standard as a child. If you can make a donut that replaces the favorite donut from someone's elementary school years, it must be pretty damn special.
Great local place for coffee and donuts. I love coffee and theirs is super strong! They have excellent home made donuts made fresh each morning and their breakfast and lunch items are equally as good. We have been coming here for 2 years now and will continue to come back!
So I am quite happy that Bennett's is fairly far away from me considering if I lived any closer I would be in trouble of having a doughnut induced stomach ache more than I would like. With that said I live in S. Ft Myers and I have only known about this place for a little over a week and have been back 3 times. waking up early on my days off just so I can come get some sweet sweet treats and a fantastic cup of coffee. I probably dont need to mention that they are slightly more expensive than other doughnuts you may get at a lesser shop but they are miles above others and way worth it. The thing I truly love about the dnuts here is the fact that they have some substance! While I do enjoy a Krispy Kreme every once in a while I would much rather have a big fresh Bennett's! Top picks include : Almond glazed raspberry filled, Boston creme, almond coconut, maple bacon, and cinnamon twists. Not to mention the amazing coffee they roast daily. Not unlike their doughnuts the coffee has some substance and an amazing mouthfeel kind of creaminess that is surprisingly missing some of the burnt and bitter flavors most other dark roasts have. Stop by, sit on the patio and enjoy yourself.
Not that I'm a doughnut afficionado, well I sort of am. I love this place.  Seriously some of the best yeast doughnuts I've ever had.  Dare I say it, the doughnuts here are as good or better than the Doughnut plant in NY?  I think they might be.   The Coffee is pretty good too. I do appreciate that they roast the beans themselves.  I haven't been in a while so I don't know what kind of beans they have now.  The beans are available by the pound which I love.
Guess who mastered Coffee House and Donutz?!  Bennett's enjoys a quiet corner near Ft Myers' downtown marina, and actually provides a lot of parking for its clientele.  You have to know you're in the right place when the local police cruiser is idling at the door while the second officer bellies up to the divinely lit pastry case inside.  Donuts are heavenly, melt-in-your-mouth sins.  Coffees are studied and vast, with offerings ranging from fresh press to civet doused.  Choose bench or chair seats, tables on the porch, or a cushy couch.  Read the menu from a techy LCD, and definitely cruise the wall plaques showing discs and pictures of music celebs from the owner' s radio days, pre coffee shop.  This place is awesome.  I'd be proud to own one of their mugs, conveniently sold to anyone moved by the same whim.  Come often.  Run laps later.
Homemade, fresh donuts made right before your very own eyes - what's not to love?! Obsessed with this little coffee shop. Definitely is nice to know there is somewhere else to go for breakfast other than First Watch. Will be back for sure!  Nice friendly staff too!
Oh how we wanted to love this place.  My wife wanted to get the frequent customer card when we first got there because we believed that we would end up returning a few more times before we left the area. There were about 15 types of raised donuts there so you had a pretty good selection but it was not donut mecca. Well, good donuts but not great, and definitely not phenomenal.     -Service was great.    The breakfast sandwich was very good.   For a great raised donut is light and fluffy when fresh.  Not very greasy - yes it is donut but the guilt is limited to the fact that you downed a couple of calorie laden beauties.  Not that your mouth is coated with grease.  By 5 pm the left overs were very chewy and even more grease.  (the great ones are even good at the end of the day and somewhat decent the next morning - Not these) Normally would not write a review but there were so many raving reviews that we made it a must stop on vacation.
Our son and his girlfriend suggested stopping at Bennett's after reading a Yelp review. My oh my! The donuts are to die for! We chose several different types and sat outside at a patio table passing them around and devouring them in speedy fashion. They also have breakfast sandwiches, etc. I haven't had an opportunity to go back there yet, but all their food looked great! And...very good coffee!
This is just one of the best places on the planet. Donuts and coffee done right, then redone, then done even righter. Down side: Tough (and somewhat dangerous for your car) to get parking, gets super crowded, runs out of the top-donuts pretty quickly. All of that, though is a testament to its quality. Pro-tip from an employee on how to score the best donuts: "Don't come on the weekends."
Well I finally found a place in SWFL that deserves a high praise from me. This is the best place  to get donuts and coffee. If you even think Dumkin and doonuts is good then you REALLY must get a lobotomy. once you try Bennett's.  When you do you 'll never be satisfied again with other places I found only two minor flaws. A small parking lot and a weeeee bit out of the way. The size, flavor and freshness for the price is OUTSTANDING.  Coffee smooth and strong. A great atmosphere to relax and chat in. If you are from Califonia or New York you will feel like you are back in familar surroundings Having a great cup of joe and a fine pastry.
I've visited Bennett's Fresh Roast three times and will be coming back many more.   The coffee in a word is prefect, and when you dine in you can have as much as you like, awesome.  The food is just as good, fresh donuts every morning, and the lunch menu is great too. Those donuts are some of the best I've ever had, I'm not usually a fan of the raised style but Bennett's are great!  I tried a tuna salad on croissant, my sister had the chicken salad on croissant, mom had a salad; again, fresh and delicious.  The staff is great too, very friendly.  These are the kind of small businesses communities need.
I went in for lunch and while they didn't have a lot of offerings what they did have was REALLY good. I had the turkey  breast panini and the tomato basil soup. The panini was delicious it was real, like cut off the turkey turkey breast, not like lunch meat turkey breast. The bread was tasty and nice and crunchy on the outside. Mom had the chicken salad croissant she gave me a bite it was also delicious  I'm not a huge tomato soup fan but it was very good. Oddly enough, we didn't have any coffee but we did come home with a couple doughnuts and they're the real deal.  I did buy some coffee beans and made myself a cup this morning and it was very good.  The service was very friendly and as fast as could be expected given they were making the food as you ordered it. They'll bring pressed coffee to your table... .heck I think I saw a thing where you can get a coffee press to go. So yeah give them a try they're awesome. It is a little on the expensive side but it's not outrageous and I'm all for supporting local people who are doing things well.
Donuts are great. When I went there was a bit of line, but it was well worth the wait!
Ahhhh, Bennett's Fresh Roast...where to begin? Location:  Not terribly hard to find, yet, sufficiently tucked away enough that it's your special 'treasure' when/if you decide to bring your friends.  And you SHOULD.  We drive to downtown Ft. Myers from Punta Gorda a few times a month to have brekkies here!  It is so cozy and surreptitiously snarky at the same time; clean and an absolute perfect use of space. Selection:  The coffee is roasted fresh throughout the day, in fact, many times we have arrived and smelled the roasting in action...*drool*.  The coffee is brewed to perfection and bringing home a bag is totally worth it.  The menu selection is filled with cafe favorites, and freshly made, I might add...no rip open a bag a throw it on a plate, all you taste is salt nonsense.  They actually cook everything that you eat!  Imagine!  And then there's the DOUGHNUTS!  My inner Homer Simpson comes out every time that we are there, and I'm not at all embarrassed.  My absolute favorite is the Maple Bacon Doughnut, and my ONLY complaint is that there is NOT ENOUGH BACON.  I love bacon.  I am so in love with the fact that they mix, proof, fry and finish the doughnuts in house...not the usual way to go, and thank God they do! Summation:  They have free wi-fi.  They have freshly-fried doughnuts.  They have freshly made cafe menu items.  They roast their coffee throughout the day.  They deserve your continued support.  Get in there!
I love coffee and doughnuts and this place makes some of the best of both I have ever tasted. They make fresh doughnuts from scratch every day, and you can watch them do it. Their coffee is perfect, with many types to choose from and its fairly priced. Less expensive then Starbucks up the street and 10x better. There Strata is delicious but was a bit expensive for the portion size I received, though I suspect this was due to me getting it to go. Lunch there is also fantastic. I am not a huge salad eater but the Chefs salad with roast beef and garlic vinaigrette was killer. Def. not your typical salad. Go and support an excellent local business! DOUGHNUTS!!!
Fantastic. Sophistication and melt in your mouth heaven meets down south Fort Myers. Incredible donuts, coffee and more. Wonderful atmosphere and delightful owners are followed by their appreciative clientele. Polite, professional, and gracious staff. Great lunch menu too. 5 stars.
Wow! This place makes the BEST donuts I've ever had. Better than Krispy Kreme! The glazed doughnuts are my favorite, but all of them were wonderful. The coffee is a little strong for my taste, but I did enjoy it. But I know my coffee connoisseur father-in-law would love it. We plan to visit Bennett's regularly and get our friends to go too. We need more places like this in Fort Myers!
Bennett's is a haven in an otherwise rather bleak area.  I wandered in after several friend's had touted Bennett's as having the best home-made doughnuts ever.  I'm not particularly a doughnut fan myself... come on, fried dough and sugar, with a gooey sugar coating!?  All flavor and no substance... yet I digress.  The decor is charming and colorful.  One can sit at the counter and experience an old fashioned diner feel, sit at the banquets with cute, colorfully tiled tables, or enjoy a coffee in the cozy back room on the couch. The home-made soup and panini were delectable and the service friendly.  I can't wait to return and experience Bennett's once more.  My only regret is that I was too late to order the strata.  Hey, any place that serves strata is a keeper in my book.
Even having relocated to Chicago, this is by far, my FAVORITE donut in the world. I seriously cannot wait to come back this winter to come here again. While thier specialty donuts are awesome, the regular glazed is my absolute favorite.
She said..."Okay, so I have been craving a good homemade doughnut for a while. My boyfriend found this place; it's a small, cute quaint coffee shop. We only got their glazed doughnuts, which are huge and delicious! They definitely tasted homemade and they were still warm when we got them. Being there, they also sold lunch and other breakfast items, they are famous for their coffee and doughnuts, being a non-coffee drinker I did not try the coffee but if you are craving doughnuts I would go there!" He said..."If you like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts...don't go here...because these are real doughnuts. Very good. I couldn't keep my kids from eating them all. Party in the mouth doughnuts...very very good. Location was odd since it was next to small dingy houses but whatever..."
I. Love. This. Place. Did I say I love this place? Because I really love this place. If you want a fresh breakfast, forget going to starbucks or really, anywhere else in downtown Fort Myers. Bennett's has the best coffee in town (They have a french press to go. No lie) and their donuts are incredible. They sling dough by hand and cut the dough by hand, so when that delectable morsel hits your mouth, you can taste the love. From inventive flavors (Key Lime Pie and Orange-Coconut, a personal favorite) to your standard donut shop fare (Boston Cream = TO DIE FOR, Plain Glazed, Sprinkled in their signature colors) the spread at Bennett's is distinctive, fresh and always changing. They do breakfast sandwiches and brunch foods too, but honestly, I'm too hooked on their donuts to try anything else. Join the frequent rewards club. Use your rewards to get your mom a Maple Bacon Donut and a French Press to go; you won't regret it!
My husband and I stopped here today, unfortunately the donuts were almost wiped out by then so we ordered lunch and shared a cinnamon twist.  I had a turkey pita, very good.  My husband had a panini which was also very good.  I have to mention the orange juice though...it is out of this world!  I ordered a small and still have half of it in our fridge, saving it for later.  It was so fresh and pulpy that I had to chew it while drinking it! While we were eating an elderly lady came in, she had a lot of questions about the menu, ordered something and sat down a couple of seats away from us at the bar.  The guys working in there were very young, early 20's if that I'd say.  While she was waiting for her food one of the guys walked over and engaged her in conversation, asked her how she was spending her day.  She'd been yard sale shopping and he asked her what she'd bought...it was so nice to see a young man like that with so much respect for the elderly.  She talked his ear off and I'm it made her day having someone listen so intently to her!  As the mom of 3 sons, I hope that's how my young men behave when I'm not around!  It pushed them from a 4 star to a 5 for me.
Here's a recipe for success: roast your own coffee and make the best donuts! You would never find this place if you didn't know where it was. It's quaint, clean, has lots of cool gold records on the wall-the owner was in the radio bizz. The coffee is bold but smooth, just what any level-headed coffee drinker would want. The donuts are exceptional. They have all kinds, but start with the glazed and work your way into the wilder stuff. A note: The earlier you get there the better as far as selection. If it's past 11:00 you may have to get the glazed or, worse yet, go without. Worth the very slight detour to try this place!
Such yummy donuts and coffee! The donut I had was probably sitting out for a few hours but it was still amazing.
Fresh donuts, made from scratch, on-site? Yes please! We tried a variety of the donuts -- double chocolate, maple bacon, plain glazed, and maple walnut. Delicious, all of them, and well worth the price ($1-$1.50 per doughnut). We liked it so much that we bought a bag to bring home... S'more, another plain, and 2 of the pumpkin pie filled. They toasted the marshmallows on the S'more. I mean, how well-thought-out is that! The pumpkin pie was absolutely delicious (plain doughnut, vanilla frosting, dusted with nutmeg, and pumpkin pie filling). This place has to be the definitive stop for a doughnut lover in Fort Myers. I'm just glad that it's a haul from where we live, otherwise I could see it becoming a part of my daily routine... which, although tasty, would mean that I'd have to run an extra 4 miles a day to offset the caloric intake.
Awesome!
Amazing. They may be the best donuts I've ever eaten. If you're a fan of krispy kreme, these are better. The latte is fantastic. They roast their own beans on site so the coffee is fresh and strong with amazing flavor. The chicken salad on a croissant has fresh grapes in it. Delicious! I try to go every weekend. They're that good.
A wise man once told me, "you can charge as much as you want, but make sure your work is good. That way the only thing people can complain about is the price". I'm sure Bennetts is a hit with the well heeled tourists, but we found the prices high. The coffee was good, the doughnuts interesting, (saw one with bacon embedded in the iceing) but the "breakfast sandwich" was a disappointment. It's just a piece of sausage flattened between some kind of muffin. Bleh. If we lived here Bennetts might be a regular stop for a good cuppa joe, but that's about it.
The coffee is good, but not great.  The dark roast is a good coffee, but more of a medium roast.   The special the days I went there the best choice.   I really like that its a bottomless cup on eat in. The donuts are really really good.   Tried a few different kinds and all were impressive. If you are looking for a light sweet breakfast, this is definitely a place that should be on your list.
Have been there three times in the past month.  We always get donuts and coffee.  We have only tried three kinds of donuts, coconut orange, coconut almond and plain glazed.  They are so awesome that we can't force ourselves to try anything else.  They also have terrific coffee,  friendly service and a pleasant atmosphere which we find conducive to conversation, quiet contemplation, reading or using electronic media.
Oh man sooooooo goooooooood.  If there's a negative it's probably the parking but oh well no big deal. Wish it was closer to our house.
The homemade doughnuts are the best. They roast their own coffee which is good. My only mark down would be the fact that they way over extracted the espresso. Two shots was about 8 ounces not the customary 2 ounces so it was over extracted and bitter coupled with their dark roast it was almost undrinkable. Hoping that is was just poor training on the machine.
Best donuts ever! Good coffee too.
Incredible donuts! We were down in Fort Myers visiting and we had a craving for donuts, but we wanted more than the run-of-the-mill Dunkin Donuts.  Boy, did Bennett's deliver.  The donuts were outstanding.  We loved it so much we came back the next day for breakfast, too!  We had the orange donut and the maple bacon donut.  Both were fantastic.  Highly recommended.
These are the best doughnuts I've had in a long time.  The cinnamon is a must have and all the other doughnuts we had were amazingly good
Best fresh doughnuts! Great coffee, it's very strong, but good taste. This place is a hidden secret in town. I recommend! I love to support a great local business.
The donuts here are aaaaaahhhhmazing. As long as you get them while they're hot, they're the best! I've had lunch there once, had a chicken salad sandwich, served on a croissant. It was yummy. Probably will just go back for more donuts though :)
Literally the perfect donut.
I'm not a donut expert, but these donuts are AMAZING. Bacon Maple Donut is the best invention ever, its delicious.  That and a cup of coffee, its just heaven.  I have also had the cinnamon roll which was also good. But the donuts, just great! Its usually busy and there is a wait and sometimes hard to find a seat, but its worth it!
Had the Maple Bacon Doughnuts... ate 3... need I say more? =) I have to admit, when I first saw them, I was disgusted! But then I realized that they probably tasted similar to when your pancake syrup mixes with your bacon... amazing
I have to agree, this was the best glazed donut I've ever eaten. I cant remember in my 31 years of walking planet Earth, ever tasting a glazed donut to this soft and tasty perfection!
I love food.. and I will just say Bennett's makes the best tasting donut I have ever tried. It is soft and tasty and absolutely amazing. I only got to go to this place twice while visiting Ft Myers but I sit here many a mornings craving a Bennett's donut.
Absolutely lives up to its hype.. Best doughnuts I've ever had. GREAT coffee too!
Bennett's is the only place where I will purchase donuts. These days donuts have become a treat-so now I ride my bike there so I'll enjoy them guilt-free. :-)...and I bet you can't stop at just one.
Pretty good donuts but could have been a tad lighter. Coffee was great. Presentation was great. The day I went they had a mommy and me group and were slammed. They needed more staff but it could have been from this group arriving. There was not enough parking nor seats inside. I suppose that means business is good but it might be time to expand a bit. I was also here for an art show. It was great...they should do more evening events.
Must of hit this place on an off day. Had a breakfast sandwich which was tasty and priced very affordable. However, the donut I tried was a little doughy. Maybe there was too much humidity during this batch.  The topping was very good. I will try again, but I wouldn't quite rave about them at this point.
Bennett's has the best donuts you'll EVER eat, hands down! They also serve good, strong, fresh in-house roasted coffee! I've ate lunch here a time or two and it was pretty good as well. As for breakfast (donuts), it can't be beat!
Went to Bennett's yesterday. Absolutely the best donuts. Light and ever so good. You'll definately eat more than you probably should, but oh we'll, you only live once. Great coffee too.  Definately a great local find. Don't miss this one.
I've never had the doughnuts but the coffee is phenomenal.
Wow - great little place for coffee. & donuts - out of the way but worth it!
Best donuts in the world!
Best donuts and coffee on the west coast of Florida.  service is very nice and helpful.  Even the breakfast sandwich and quiche are very good not to mention the home made oatmeal.  it is a great place to go to start your day.
Their donuts are to die for. Homemade and fresh, fresh, fresh. Coffee's delicious too. Was a little bummed they didn't really have an iced coffee, but they iced a hot one down for me with a quickness.  Love the porch for long chats with good friends.
Best donut you'll ever eat! Coffee is great, lunch is great, atmosphere and owners are great!
Awesome doughnuts and cinnamon rolls!! Nothing better, go check it out
I ordered the dozen and tried Maple Bacon, key lime, cinn. sugar, choc. covered, and glazed donuts. They were OK. Texture is a soft doughy texture... The cost is ridiculous. A little more than a dollar a piece. Decaf coffee was STRONG. Orange juice poured from a store bought gallon carton. Krispy kreme glazed are better. sorry. I am a donut expert. lol . So, I just think they are OK. They are alot better than Dunkin Donuts, but Dunkins coffee is better. Krispy Kreme has the WHOLE PACKAGE, Better Glazed and better coffee. Also ordered the Praline Bread pudding, it was pretty good.  They serve it cold. But it was good.
This small cafe tucked away in a residential section of downtown has delicious doughnuts. Many assorted varieties including maple glazed topped with bacon. The staff is very friendly and helpful. It's a popular and small place so expect maybe a wait if you want a seat.
Nice place , coffee was only fair 9 (a little burnt),kids liked the donuts however the reason for the 3 stars is the service was very quick and Mr Bennett was very nice but the lady running registrar needs to find a job outside of customer service... Very unfriendly.
Awesome place. Maple bacon donut is great. Breakfast sandwich is great. Yogurt cup is good. Coffee is excellent. I'll be back every time I'm in town.
Couldn't be better. My best friend just moved here and I was visiting. Found them on yelp and the reviews are true. Doughnuts were super fresh. I had some jelly filled goodness. Glazed dounghnut was perfect. But order fast before they disappear. This place run like well oiled machine and staff friendly as could be. Place hidden gem. She drove past everyday and had no idea they were there. We both will be back. I want to visit her just so we can get breakfast there! So worth visiting here.
Heading there right now for another five star morning with my lover!  The date is not correct but they are always great!
Delicious and lovely atmosphere!
Great doughnuts! The maple bacon rocks! Super busy - at least the day we went. Incredible customer service. I had an issue with the hot chocolate, and they made it right.
Very good. Lived up to the reviews.
Very good coffee and donuts...how can you really mess that up:)
Yummy!!!! Great Coffee and Fabulous donuts. Love the atmosphere, but get there early as the donuts sell out quick!
Best donuts in SWFL.  Be careful, this place gets PACKED!
Wow it's like I remember back home, quality off the scale have to go back and try the food. Don't miss the orange crunch !
Great little place with the best donuts anyone could ever ask for!
Best doughnuts I've ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Best orange juice too!!!!!!!!!!!  Super Favorite Best doughnuts in Florida!!!!!!!!!!!!!MMMMMMMMMMMM!!!  Try the Almond Coconut and the Key Lime.........those are the best!!!!!!!!!  YUUUMMMMMM
Love the atmosphere, coffee, teas, and service! The staff is always super friendly and even with my family's infrequent visits, they always remember us.
I heard the donuts were great; however I ordered the breakfast sandwich which was pretty sad. Barely enough egg to cover a quarter of the bread (maybe 1/4 of an egg)
This place is fantastic!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Best doughnuts EVER and great coffee! Breakfast sandwiches are nothing special, stick with the sweets. Great atmosphere, back patio is so quaint and lovely when the weather is pleasant.
we dont go to fort myers without going here a few times.  anxious to visit the new sanibel store in the spring
We went to Bennett's on the recommendation of our neighbor and I must tell you we were not disappointed! The doughnuts are the best that I have ever had in my life! They are not too heavy or greasy like Krispy Kreme and they are home made....fantastic. We will go there anytime we eat out for breakfast!
Went to Bennett's twice in one week while in Ft Myers.  Really love the atmosphere, the vibe and the easy to find location.  The freshly made glazed donuts are by far the best I've tasted - light, fluffy, warm and addictive!   Plenty of nice seating, indoors and out, a friendly crowd and great staff.  But ... I have to admit that I am not a fan of the coffee and really, really wanted to be.  The two cups I had were so incredibly strong I couldn't finish either one of them.  I've drunk coffee all over the world but I've never had anything as strong as this brew.  I tried my best to finish it, but both times I wound up throwing more than half of it out.  It seemed very bitter (almost burned) to me.  I am hoping there may be a secret to asking for a cup that is milder - and will do so the next time I'm there.  I will definitely be a return customer because of the phenominal donuts, but I really hope I can get a good cup of Java to go with it.
