The wings here are amazing. Pizza is fantastic. Screw these negative reviewers. Yelp is not the place for political BS.
We stopped by yesterday, on Labor Day, and were pleased to learn that the Monday-Tuesday special (a large pie for $8.49) was in effect even on a holiday. We added artichokes as a topping for $1.75, and between the two of us we very nearly finished the 16-inch pie. That's especially impressive considering that my wife doesn't usually like pizza. This one she liked. She remembered the place from the early 2000s, back when the restaurant's most famous guest was still in the Illinois State Senate, when she was going to IRCC. (Kids, that's what your mother called IRSC back in the day. She pronounced it 'irk'.) Since then, the Big Apple has gotten bigger, and has completely redecorated. We weren't quite sure whether to expect table service or counter service, since there was an 'order here' sign above the register but we were invited to choose a table and our server brought menus and took our order. Later, I refilled my own diet Pepsi from the fountain, but we also had refills brought to us. Maybe that's because it was dinnertime; maybe it's because my wife was using her crutches. When the pizza arrived, we dug in. The crust was thin and crackled a little bit, like you'd expect from a New York style pie. Artichokes were scattered lightly around, but as my wife pointed out, the amount of artichokes you'd hope for is charged in most other places as a double topping -- so we got a reasonable value for the money. If you want lots of artichoke, you can always order your 16" pizza with double artichokes for an extra $3.50 instead of $1.75. Easy enough. We were saddened that there was no lemon for the freshly brewed iced tea, not even packets of lemon juice. And when it was time to pile back into our car (which we just bought this weekend, and have not yet ruined), we hoped to have a plastic grocery sack to put our clamshell of leftovers into. A place that serves garlic knots really should have a leakproof takeout solution. But even missing those two things, we enjoyed ourselves and heard a great retelling of Big Apple's big day. Our server told the story well for someone who had just barely missed coming in on the day the Secret Service arrived to secure the place. She says the owner himself had even scolded the employee for interrupting his golf game, until he realized he really *did* need to get back to the store within an hour for the photo op of his life. I might not come in off the links just for Big Apple Pizza, especially if I was only shooting 10 above par (per hole -- hey, everyone starts somewhere). But I sure would return the next time I'm hungry in Fort Pierce.
Stopped here for a Pepperoni pizza for the kids and I while driving south on I95 headed for the Keys.  We got it to go and WOW!  Worth the detour.   Best Pizza I've had in a long time.
I stopped by on my summer family vacation this year. I was surprised to find a pizza joint that actually has the new york flavor and being from the Bronx, I know what am taking about... Pizza was good, staff equally and prices were affordable. A family of 4 bill came to $25 and we were all stuff... Will definitely recommend it and return next time am in town..
Coming back from a weekend road trip Fort Pierce was the right distance in which to stop to get some grub.    Kinda of in the mood for some tasty pizza, we launched Yelp and it pointed us to Big Apple Pizza.     It was just ok.    Here's the run down... We ordered a large pizza, 1/2 mushroom and 1/2 sausage.     We ordered a small Antipasto salad. 1)  2 garlic rolls came with the salad.   They weren't fully baked and in fact almost cold.   2)  Salad was decent, and we ordered the house dressing (which was good).  What threw me for a bit was that it was a pre packaged (ie commercial type) dressing, but it had big apple pizza's name on it.   This made sense now that I remember seeing on the menu that you could take a bottle of dressing home.  The impression it left me however was that stuff was made a long time ago, not fresh in the kitchen today or yesterday.    Just my perception, but not a good one however. 3)  They used canned mushrooms.     We are a bit of stickler on this.     Mushrooms shouldn't be green'ish. 4) I liked the sauce on the pizza.   Sauce to me is the most important factor.     5)  The cleanliness and upkeep of the restaurant was so so.    Bathroom was decently clean, yet no soap.  The soda machine was a bit broken.    The buffet serving center looked a little run down.   Good enough for the pass through.
Best Pizza around.  Great service, staff, atmosphere, and owner.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Best Pizza in the Port St Lucie West area by far!
I stopped in during a drive from Miami to Orlando for lunch and found that the food was pretty good and the service was prompt. I got a classic italian sandwich with a drink.  They use Boars Head meat which is always good stuff.  The drink only came in one size, it was a 16oz I think.  Which to me isn't a big deal cause I don't drink a lot of soda and never refill for the road so I thought that was a great. When I stopped in, it was lunch time and the place was PACKED! So much so that I had to wait for a table to eat my food.  I understood why though, it was right after the owner hugged the President and brought in all that hate and it was obvious to me that the town was galvanizing around this small business owner in the face of all that unnecessary controversy.
Forget politics.  Big Apple Pizza is all about food.  When it comes to NY style pizza and calzones, this place nails it. We visit the Fort Pierce area a lot and fell in love with Big Apple Pizza. Now, we go at least 2 times on every visit. Don't forget to try the garlic knots and their salad with special dressing.  Amazing.  Perfect additions to any order.
Delicious. Loved the pizza, the atmosphere and the service.
This place is amazing! The food is good. The staff is great. And so is the owner. Decided to go there after seeing the president being hugged by the owner. For me it epitomized America..two individuals with maybe some different political opinions huggin it out in a pizza place. For all the haters and extreme ideologues out there who are giving this place a negative review because the owner is a friendly, good-natured, affable man...get a life. You are what is wrong with today's politics. Your terrible reviews not based on facts is hurting this man's income and family. So stop the vileness.
Decent food with a typical pizza shoppe look. Maybe it's because of the time we came to eat or the dishes that we ordered, but it wasn't exactly what we expected when going by the yelp reviews. The egg plant was definitely fresh but it was not cooked all the way through and my girlfriends chicken was somewhat chewy. Aside from the food, I respect what the owner is for his local community though! I give him two thumbs up for that!
Stopped in on the way up 95 south. Heard about it, tried it. Good pizza. There was even a bounce house in the parking lot for the kids.
The best!
Stunning pizza. Crispy, cheesy, awesome service and great location. I will certainly return again and again
We ordered delivery from here for an office meeting. The crust was very very chewy and it did not taste homemade. Nothing special at all. In addition, the amount of mushrooms on my pizza was lacking. I will be heading back to my favorite pizza on the Treasure Coast...Tavola Pizza in PSL.
Really great pies and fantastic service all for a great price.  I'd highly recommend it - terribly and tragically this place pulled out of Philly,  what a loss
Awesome food, awesome people!
Excellent all around! Great service.  Clean. Wonderful pizza!
Great pizza and environment!!!
Great atmosphere, good service, price is right. I've enjoyed lunch here a few times. Keep doing what you do, Big Apple Pizza!  I've never met the owner, but I hear he runs some kind of charitable blood drive. Sounds like a great guy. (How discouraging to see childish, angry partisans try to destroy one man's livelihood because they don't agree with him. Shame, shame, shame).
Delicious!  Friendly place and outstanding food; Italian sausage is fantastic.
Great Pizza for a reasonable price.  Tried it a few years back and enjoy hitting it up when back in the area.
I was visiting family who live close to this place and they took me here.  Wow, excellent.  I lived in Brooklyn for four years of my life and thought I would never find authentic New York Pizza in Florida, but seriously, if you haven't been here, you need to go.  I wish them all the best.  Big Apple Pizza, love you guys.  Best pizza in Florida, IMHO.  Staff were extremely friendly as well.  Thank you.
I went here while on vacation and now I have to say that I give this place ZERO stars!  DON'T EAT HERE!
Great pizza!
For what is essentially a franchise, even if a localized one, the food has always been of a high quality and the service always prompt and attentive. This particular location has come under some scrutiny lately, proving no good deed goes unpunished, but just go eat the food and leave the politics alone. The strombolis are excellent, you can taste each individual ingredient as they are all fresh, it is not an undistinguishable mix of presliced who knows what going into the food. The pizzas all get the same attention to detail and it shows in the taste. If there is a downside it is that they seem to run out of Sicilian pizzas by the time I normally order. However, that lead to the discovery of the Mama Linos pizza which has become a new favorite of mine. I have to point out the good customer service as well. I normally use the excellent, detailed online ordering service to place my orders. Other than two minor hiccups, that service has been exceptional and if there is a problem with the order, or if they won't make the promised delivery time, they call you up to remedy the situation. Put any agendas aside and just go enjoy a good meal, you're not supposed to talk with your mouthful anyway.
Great pizza.  Great business.
Great pizza!  It's like giving yourself a giant bear hug :)
Very good balance of sauce to cheese to ingredient ratio and not  a very good tasting pizza with great ingredients.  I will come again!
The old man and I were traveling through the area and stopped here. We don't often get to have NY style pizza in our hometown as the big thing here is Neapolitan style. Sometimes you don't want the foodie stuff. The pizza was amazing. Piping hot, cheesy and generally awesome. Service was swift and friendly. Try the Sicilian Style Pizza - thick crust. You won't be disappointed.
This is the most unusual review I have written. After reading the completely unfair, untrue and viscous  lies posted by some Yelp members from around the country, I decided to take some action. Free speech is a cherished gift under our constitution, but liable and slander is a crime. I decided I would try it for myself so I got into my car and drove over 125 miles just to eat lunch at Big Apple Pizza and meet the owner. Based upon my experience and being formerly from New Jersey/New York, home of thousands of Pizza places, I would give Big Apple Pizza 5 stars. I know what good pizza is and Big Apple makes GREAT pizza. Their sandwiches are tasty and the prices are reasonable. I was honored to have eaten in restaurant where our president chose to dine and honor the owner. People may not agree with the President's politics or how things are going in Washington, but  our President was voted into office by the American people. He deserves the respect of each and every American. If you don't like him, then you can vote against him during the elections. Just don't ever attack a business or anyone else out of hate. When you do that we are all embarrassed as Americans.
