I found Rumba by following Yelp reviews and I was very well rewarded!. Wow! You must go if you appreciate excellent, authentic Cuban cuisine. First, Rumba doesn't take reservations. It is a fluid environment focused on the overall experience and not on adherence to a schedule. However, I emailed them via Yelp asking for a table for 3 to celebrate my wife's birthday. I received a reply saying we will have a table for, despite our philosophy on reservations. the table was waiting when we arrived early. Second, remember that good food is only one component of great dinner, albeit a critical one. It is about the total experience - food, drink, hospitality, service, presentation, ambiance, energy, vibe, etc. All of these are well in place at Rumba. The front of the house sets the tone for the experience and the back of the house delivers on key component - the food! Jorge and his team know the menu - I mean they really KNOW it. They aren't reading daily specials from crib notes, they understand the different flavors of their food, how appetizers, entrees, desserts and drinks all intertwine to create a fantastic flavor voyage. And they do all this within in the context of understanding each customer's unique food, flavor and texture preferences. Third, time. Jorge and the front of house staff take time to talk to you, interact and ask questions with genuine interest. He also knows how to talk to kids, make them smile and help them also enjoy the experience. Jorge has 2 kids and if you get him started, he will talk about them, maybe show you a picture of them playing soccer. So, feel free to ask him about "the big one and the little one". I think those are his kids' names because that what he calls them!! Fourth, timing. Ya know, some places just don't get it that when you go out to dinner, the timing of things is important. We want a drink and time to ponder the menu. We want an appetizer and salad to begin exploring the gastronomy, then we want an entree and time to savor, sample and live in the moment of why we are there. Dessert, if you have room left, should be the denoument. Jorge and Rumba inherently "get" this. Go, you will see for yourself. Finally, Cafe Cubano. Perfecto.
Get the Mariquitas. Bathe in the garlic sauce they come with. Never fear another vampire. Ever. This aside - this place is legit Cuban goodness.
OH THIS PLACE IS TERRIFIC! Service, Food, Restaurant, Bathroom, Bar, ALL Terrific... Must Eat Palomina Steak, Chicken Churassaco. Very Very Tasty. They will give complimentary bread with HOT Sauce and it is HOT!
Rumba is a treat, we ate outside which is a parking lot, but they make up for the lack of ambience with super friendly service, the rumba chips with pork were soo good that I know any of the other roast pork dishes would be great as well. The steak churrasco salad was fresh and bright and the meat very tender. Tres leches for dessert, nice and wet like it should be! Not cheap, but worth the price, a good value for quality and great service!
Unbelievable service and the food was phenomenal!! You HAVE to make room for dessert and Cuban coffee after dinner. The flan and tres leches are out of this world!
We were on vacation an just loved the food in this place. Very good service and delicious fish.
The New York Times was dead-on about Rumba Cuban Cafe. The food is some of best in Naples -- inexpensive and intensely flavorful. My wife got the Chicken Churrasco, a paillard that was really juicy and tasty. I got the Masitas de Puerco, marinated chunks of pork with onions. Awesome, especially with the mojo and hot sauces. Don't miss the tostones! And get the Flan de la Casa with coconut sauce. Out of this world! The room is very informal, in a strip mall, so dress down. But the experience is memorable. Also, they don't take reservations. But don't let that deter you.
In Naples for the week. Heard this was one of the best restaurants in town.  So glad we went tonight.  The food was sooooo delicious and the service was excellent!  We will be town for the week and plan on going back again before we leave.  In our opinion, it is with good reason that the Rumba Cuban Cafe is so highly recommended - it is simply the BEST!!!  We had the Lechon Asado w/yellow rice & boiled yuca and the Masitas De Puerco w/yelliow rice & black beans - both pork dishes - both wonderful!  If you are in the area, you have to try it.  Bet you will love it just like we did - enjoy!
This place has it all! Great food & service. Our server picked our dishes choosing the shredded pork & chicken dish. Everything was tasty and tasted home made. Our server kept refilling our glasses and the manager stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our lunch. Amazing!
The food was absolutely delicious!! The server was very friendly and courteous. I would recommend the pulled pork, beans and rice! Buen provecho!
Excellent food, service, and very friendly staff. The teenager ordered something he was not satisfied with and they did not hesitate to replace it and void his original order. We would definitely return.
The reviews took me here and they are dead on.  Best Cuban sandwich I have ever had.  Nice friendly hardworking staff.  I am glad Yelp led us here and so will you be.
Does this place really need another rave review?!? Service: great Food: great Value: good I can't say I'm a Cuban foodie but I can say my dinner was very satisfying.  I couldn't finish my pollo a la Cubana.
The food here is delicious!  We love Cuban food and this is the best that we have had yet! If you are in Naples,  make sure you check this restaurant out! The Rumba Chips are a must have!!
Not a drop left on the plate. ... not a drop! The meat was so well seasoned and the plantains were perfect and the bread is to die for.  It was lunch on a Monday and wasn't going to drink but had to finish off a perfect Spanish mean with a Corona! And the service was as good as the food.  Looking forward to my next trip to this side of town! Be sure to have the Rumba chips with pulled pork for the appetizer and yellow rice and maduros and perni as the main :)
Great find! Clean, excellent food, very friendly service. Nice family owned restaurant. We will definitely go back!
Friendly staff and quaint atmosphere! Quite impressive for a strip mall restaurant! The food was delicious! Sweet plantains were wonderful! And more than enough to take home for a second meal! I will definitely return! Can't wait to explore more of the menu!
This place is absolutely fantastic!  Best Cuban sandwich ever!  Will definitely be back!  Super friendly service!
Full disclosure - at least one person in the family is 100% Cuban. So, vacationing in Florida means we find a good Cuban restaurant where we can get our fix. This was one place we did not allow the kids to order from the kids menu. For dinner we shared Vaca Frita, Picadillo A La Criolla, the Cuban Sandwhich, Maduros, & Tostones. Because I take my Yelp reviewing seriously, we followed that up with Flan and Tres Leches Cake. The Cuban thoroughly enjoyed it all as did the rest of us. Service was super friendly and quick. We visited with the owner while our 2 year old & teenagers got a mad sugar rush from the (best I've ever had) Tres Leches Cake. Good thing we finished our meal off with some Cuban Coffee (aka, jet fuel). We'll need it after this to keep up with the (now extremely energetic) toddler and burn off the calories we consumed.
First time here...In and out for lunch in 30 with delicious food and friendly service.  I agree with the reviews - the best Cubana sandwich in town!
Read all the great reviews,not wrong at all. My dh had Cuban sandwich which was great,I had the beef ,muoy Buena. Started with appetizer of plantain chips with the peccadilloes.  So good. Can't wait until US opens travel to Cuba and I can check out Yelp reviews in Havanna!
Had lunch with my daughter today and what a warm welcome as you walk in the door. They make you feel right at home and they WANT you there We had the pulled pork lunch special with black beans and rice.  DELISH. Also the chicken salad which was seasoned perfectly with their house dressing on side tasting of mint oil and other special spices.   What a great atmosphere and excellent food. Have not had better Cuban food in this area. And the server was just so so friendly.  Not always already to come by in naples.  Run don't walk to check out this restaurant.
Really good place!! The food is DELICIOUS!! And the people are super nice! They do not serve breakfast and they do not have orange juice or any other natural juices which is the only thing that i didn't like. Other than that its a small nice little place with amazing cuban food!
This is a beyond fabulous restaurant.  We had never gone to a Cuban restaurant before and our waitress, Jessica, very warmly and knowledgeably walked us through the menu.  The food was delicious, service impeccable, warm, casual ambience.  We will definitely go again and again!!!
Only one word can describe my experience Friday night @ Rumba,"Outstanding". Food, sevice, decor and price. From the moment you walk in you're made to feel like your the most important customer in the restaurant. Service was superb. Fast, friendly and always with a smiles. Menu offered a  full array of choices. Food, I have never had a finer Cuban meal!!! Good size portions, so I'm looking forward to heating up the left overs for lunch. Yum... No rush to get us out after our meal and when the check was presented my eyes popped, extremely reasonably and needless to say worth every dollar. Can't wait to go back, Rumba's is at the top of my list of Cuban spots , but now it's also on my list of spots  to go and enjoy good food and excellent service. Rich R. 6/13/14
OMG! We walked in and the waiter acknowledges us and was seated us immediately. Then I had the half chicken with black beans and yellow rice. I also ordered the sweet fried plantains.    The chicken. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM... Where do I start? It was crispy (the skin) and the meat was slightly moist. The highlight of the half chicken is the sauce. The chicken is marinated in a savory lime sauce.  It has a distinctive lime flavor. Just writing about it does it an injustice. The flavor was in every bite. One would have to try it once and you'll fall in love. The only reason it recieved 4 stars (I wish I can give it a 4 1/2) is because the chicken was cooked very well and sometimes it was dry. Side dishes helped with the lime taste. The rice and beans were nice, creamy and cooked properly. The plantains had a sweet note and complimented the meal. .    After everything was said and done, I ordered the double shot espresso. YUM. I like mine with half and half and a packet of Splenda. It hit the spot, only because I didn't want to go to siesta mode. .    The whole time, my waiter was very attentive. He filled up my water, offered more Cuban bread, and more espresso. At the same time our food came out, it started to become busy. The waiter didn't miss a beat. I highly recommend this to my friends who'll be visiting Naples in the near future.
Took family here for the first time tonight.  Excellent food and great, attentive service.    Not a huge menu, but had all the usual entrees found in most Cuban restaurants, but the execution was a cut above.   Entree prices ran around $13-$20, with a few a bit higher.    We will definitely return.
Incredible Cuban food, super friendly staff, local joint. Highly recommend the Cuban sandwich and black beans.
Gorgeous! Probably best Cuban food in Naples. Nice atmosphere and staff. I had a Palomilla Steak with rice and Plantains. Great in taste as well as in size. But I wish it had been jucier. Unfortunately, they charged additional Chimichuri Sauce - however delicious! The nice server recommanded us their famous Flan topped with coffee. It was delicious but way too small. They charged approx. 5-6 dollars for a little plate. Even if it was mouthwatering, it wasn't worth it. Good food and quality But expensive if you compare to other places in florida. Make the flan cheaper and we can't wait to return. Thumps up!
The best Cuban sandwiches I have ever had and I have had many, my wife thinks the same and she should know because she is 100% Cuban. Seriously you need to go there and get one. You won't regret it!
The garbanzo bean soup was AMAZING! Great Cuban sandwich. The flan was fantastic and so was my Cuban coffee.
Just ate here. I had the palomilla steak with white rice and black beans and a side order of tostones. Food was delicious. The bread they bring out before the meal was nice and hot and sooooo good. Just like I would make at home. Staff was very friendly and service was great. Will be coming back again.
The steak and traditional sandwiches were amazing. The bread was crispy and the meat was full of flavor. The service was quick and our server Jorge was charismatic and helpful with his suggestions. You will leave this place feeling happy after eating delicious food!
Ate here in August on a trip. I agree with everything I read in all the previous positive reviews, but would just add that this is so much better than Fernandez The Bull. We ate at both places in spite of a local's warning that Rumba was so much better. Let me say that Rumba was so awesome that I wish our only memory of Cuban food in Naples was of Rumba. It is that good.
The waitstaff was as wonderful as our meal! Their passion for their country's cuisine was evident when we told them it was our first visit to Rumba. Started with the mariquitas.  Followed by Cuban pork sandwich, beans and rice, yuca (amazing!) and tostones.  Too full for dessert so we finished with Cuban jet fuel (cafe Cubano). This was the best way to end vacation....sad there is nothing comparable to this back home..sigh....
Absolutely one of the best!  The pulled pork is unbelievable!  Even their black beans are incredible.  I have not been able to try anything else because the pork is so wonderful but I am going to keep going back to try different entrees!   The staff is extremely pleasant.  They make you feel welcome! I love this place and can't wait to go back again soon!
Rumba has the best coupon food I've ever had, hands down. The area was clean, service was amazing, and the atmosphere was very calming as they had salsa music playing in the background. If you're really hungry and you want to eat some authentic Hispanic food, come here. It's the best.
We came here yesterday while on vacation and it was so good that we had to come back again for lunch. I had the chicken sandwich and my husband had the tacos and both were delicious. We had the same waiter both times and he is awesome.
My husband and I had lunch at Rumba today. I have to say we were so happy we found the restaurant. We got lost getting there from our hotel, I called and got directed by Jorge. He stayed on the phone tlll we got there.( Thank you , Jorge) We started with pulled pork dish with plantain chips. Wow, the pork was so good, so flavorful. My husband said he hated plantains... well I guess he never has ones that were this good. I had the half Cuban sandwich with rice and beans. I liked it that the rice was separate from the beans. It was good that I could add as much rice as I would like. The rice was so good I enjoyed eating it by itself.John, my husband ordered the wings which he loved.They were so crispy and the sauces were amazing! The sandwich was one of the best I have ever had. The cuban beer went with it wonderfully. It was nice that it was served in a tall chilled glass. Jorge is fun and seems to love what he is doing working with his Dad. We enoyed talking to him about Cuba. The place is very clean and has nice decor. The large pictures on the wall make you think that you are in Cuba. If you are in Naples you must go there! You will love it!
MASITAS DE PUERCO, that's all I need to say. We found this place on Yelp, looking for something different and new. Just four years underway, the Cafe is a wonderful new cuisine for most Americans,and a wonderful new culinary experience. I had the Masita de Puerco, pork, marinated & slow cooked then fried and topped with Mojo Sauce and sliced onions. It was wonderful, and new to my palate. My wife ordered the pulled marinated pork and loved it. I also ordered, on another occasion, the shrimp and scallops al ajillo, which was good, but a little heavy on the lemon. We definitely recommend this restaurant - it's authetic and commited to good cuisine and service.
If you love great food and a wonderful atmosphere Rumba will not disappoint! We ate here while on a stay-cation from Tampa and left very satisfied! The paella is delicious and filled with generous portions of seafood, chicken and chorizo! We sat at the bar and talked with Gorge the owner, who is extremely passionate and proud of his restaurant! You can't go wrong eating here- we will definitely be back!
Best Cuban sandwich I have had. Ask for the hot sauce! Excellent service and I would recommend the cafe con leche after your meal. Will definitely come back!
Excellent Cuban food!! Been here twice during my vacation. If only I could bring this place back to Vegas.
This place is GREAT and good food.
Best Cuban restaurant!!! Awesome food and very clean restaurant! I will usually travel to Miami to get Cuban food while I am in Florida...not anymore!
We had a wonderful lunch that my husband even bought lunch for the next day.  The waiter/owner helped pick his favorite lunch which became mine the pork, my husband had the flat steak salad which he loved then order the chicken.  The chicken became our dinner he couldn't wait for lunch. Highly recommend this Cuban restaurant to everyone.
Saw Rumba driving by a couple times and thought I'd look at the menu.... At first I wasn't sure if I wanted to try something new, I've never had Cuban food, but the staff was so helpful and had such wonderful recommendations we decided to stay.... So happy we did!!! Jorge recommended two perfect dishes for me and my boyfriend. It was plenty of food, with some to spare. I will absolutely be coming back!!!
Here from Colorado on vacation and found this amazing place. Growing up in Miami I am affection towards cuban food and I've have to say, this is as good as it gets.  The highest compliment I can give it is that it's as good as my Abuela's (Grandmother) cooking. Great staff, very friendly. Will be back here for lunch each day of our vacation!!!
Our party of 4 was greeted with very friendly, welcoming staff.  We ordered the Media Noche sandwich, Pollo a la Cubana, Surf n Turf & Shrimp Al Ajillo.  Everyone was happy with their entrees and sangria. Great service, delicious food.  It's very hard to find that, let alone authentic ethnic food in Southwest FL!  We will be coming back for more!!
Oh my goodness this was so good. I could eat here every day. The menu had so many tempting dishes. We were here for lunch (steaksnd + avocado, Cuban sandwich, tostones rice and beans). Vey big portions and fair prices. Check it out.
We were vacationing in the area and decided to stop by. It wasn't in the best area and the restaurant was small. The food made up for it though. As lovers of cuban food we weren't let down. We had a wide variety of entrees and pretty much everything was amazing. The waiter said he had trouble getting our order in so it took awhile but he made up for it with an amazing flan. A must try in Naples or anywhere in SW Florida.
We had lunch there today w 3 kids. One kid got mini burger and they brought it out w cheese even though we ordered without cheese. She didn't like. Other got grilled chicken and chicken was dry. We enjoyed the Cuban beer. My husband got fish sandwich  and it was fishy. Yuca was served with bottled lemon juice which was horrible. I had the palomillo steak which was delicious. Cafe con Leche and coconut flan was very good though.
Amazing food! One of the best resturants I have eaten at in a long time. Rumba might not look like much on the outside but inside is clean and cute. the staff is extreamly friendly and both dishes my friend and I ordered were amazing. ( I am new to cuban food and cant remember the names) we had a pulled pork and a pulled beef dish. The sangria was so so but that was the only down side but the food made up for it!
This is Cuban food at its best. Everything too notch
We ate there yesterday and loved it. The Cuban Sandwich is the best! This restaurant used to be Fernando The Bull but now is owned by Rumba Cuban Cafe. Nothing in the menu has changed and the food as exquisite as always. Thanks to the staff for their excellent service.
