Tapatio's is as consistent as the sunrise and sunset with what to expect: great authentic mexican food, ridiculously huge portions, and lightning fast friendly service. I don't each Mexican food much these days, but when I do, I choose Tapatios. (Cue Dos Equis commercial). Prepare to have your mind blown at how fast your order comes out and it will be blazing hot. I think even Jimmy John's might raise some eyebrows with their Mexican competition. Tapatios chips and salsa are just top notch, and you can always get an idea of how good the Mexican food is going to be by examining the chips and salsa given to you to munch on while waiting for your food. If you like hot salsa, ask for the picante salsa; it has a nice bite to it. The only complaints I have with Tapatios on the North side of Lakeland is the booths. They look like they came out of a pre-school lunch room and are incredibly tiny, so if you are a "person of size," you can forget about wedging yourself in there. I just wish those things would disappear, or call it what it is: The Kids Section. The menu size is pretty daunting, and it seems like some of the items on the menu are re-branded re-creations of other dishes with a slight tweak, but I suppose that could be said for all Mexican food. After all, it is just beef, lettuce, cheese and some re-frieds when it comes down to it. ;-) I'm not going to review the South Lakeland Tapatios because it is the identical same restaurant with the identical same quality. 4 stars for Tapatios. Definitely check them out. A gem in Lakeland.
Nice rice. Solid service. Good but not amazing Mexican food. Would definitely return to explore more items on the menu. Good value for the money. Lunch specials are the best deal...amazing!
My wife & I went based on the word of mouth we'd received. But it didn't live up to the hype. I had a beef chimichanga and she a chicken enchilada & burrito combo. The beef was very ground out burger and her chicken was dry. On the bright side, while waiting for our food, it sure was funny when my wife grabbed up the brown salsa and gave it a try. Her expression changed quickly when she found out the salsa was wicked hot. Better to go with the red salsa if you're not into nuclear meltdowns.
Very tasty food, large portions, friendly service, good prices, and good chairs, too. We came here pretty famished on a Saturday afternoon on our way back to Tampa. We ordered carne asada and milanesa, each about $11, each at least a lunch and a half. Very few people can finish either of those in one sitting, I think. We also ordered burrito tapatio($8), which was delicious. They have a TV and nice enough, cushioned chairs, as opposed to many "nice" restaurants (and coffeehouses) that have hard, uncomfortable chairs. The service was really nice and friendly, the waitress explained to us what some of the Mexican dishes were like. The food comes out quickly. A very welcoming place all around. When these guys say "Bienvenidos", they mean it!
Large portions,  fast and friendly service,  free chips and salsa (mild and hot).   Minor complaints would be outdated decor (northside location) and the food is a bit bland.   Otherwise a pretty good place overall.
We came here based on yelp reviews. The service was fine. The food mediocre. The margaritas tasted cheap and watery. It just wasn't worth it.
Decent food, fresh chips/salsa.  The carne asada torta wasn't to bad, the meat was a little tough, but not bad.   The portion was just right, I had a side of rice and an al pastor taco, with all the fixings.  It was lacking some flavor but all in all it wasn't too bad for the price.   I would go here again and try another option, more of a dinner instead of lunch.
Great value, delicious food and friendly service. Tapatios is one of my favorite places in lakeland. I go here about once or twice a week for lunch and always leave happy. They have great lunch specials and get you in and out very fast.
There are two Tapatios now - #1 is on E. Memorial Blvd. & #2 is on S. Fla. Ave. almost in Mulberry.  Both feature the same menu and, as far as I can tell, the food is equally good, and a good value, at both locations.  We've had virtually everything on the menu.  My favorites are Chile Verde, any of the enchiladas, and the Veracruz seafood.  Fajitas are good here as well.   You can get away with casual, but it's better to be respectful and dress nicely.  The owners and managers are very engaging.  The servers are well-trained and back each other up well, helping to bring large platters of steaming food to diners.   Bring the kids, as it's bright and noisy pretty much all the time; several big screen TVs feature futbol or motorsports, and there's plenty of finger foods, also every table gets chips and fresh homemade salsa to start the meal. #1 is a bit tighter, but I think a wheelchair or power chair should be okay in either location.   Saturdays & Sundays, they often bring in a norteno or mariachi group that plays for tips; they are generally fun, often poking fun with diners, and talented. Parking is easy - #1 used to be a fast-food joint with a huge parking area, #2 is in a brand-new strip mall just north of Shepard Road with plenty of parking, although there are other outfits to compete with - a Subway and a Champs; we've never had a problem parking. I've never gone on a reservation, but I think they would appreciate a call ahead to accomodate a large group.
The chips & salsa was good the Food awful!!!  My husband and I went last night 4/5/2014 for the 1st time and it will be the last!!!! We both have been sick I had the mixed fajitas maybe it was the seasonings and I will add the portions of the meat were very tiny I had to fight through the onions and peppers to find the meat, my hubby had the 5 supreme enchiladas he didn't eat but 2 of them and has been sick ever since.  I   will stick with Abuelo's Mexican Restaurant on the south side for now on.
Love the chips & salsa and their chicken taco salad
We were on the way back to Orlando from Naples. After experiencing an awesome vacation and amazing food, I guess stopping in Lakeland to try a new restaurant for lunch was a bad idea. It wasn't the best area and gave us a bad taste of Lakeland (never been before). But uh, let me focus on the food here. Two mini carafes of homemade salsa were available, one was mild and the other spicy. Loved the spicy one so much that I put it on all of my food. I liked how they left the bottles there so we could have as much as we wanted. Smarhhht! I got the Miguel Special and it was very good. Kind of greasy (even the rice was greasy and not fluffy), but still good. It was a huge portion and I wasn't able to finish it. My husband got Enchiladas Tapatias, basically enchiladas verdes, and they were good as well. But again, kinda greasy on top. You'll need to be in the mood for this specific style of Mexican food. A special food mood. The booths were a little uncomfortable, I felt like I was sitting on Playskool equipment. Servers were very nice, and the food came out really quick. Almost scary quick.
Delish! Some of the best salsa verde I've ever had. Pork just fell apart it was so tender. Wife had mixed fajitas- great grill flavor. $1 for extra sour cream? That's my only complaint--- but not really complaining. I'd go back in a heartbeat!
This is a great place to get true authentic mexican food
Really enjoyed the homemade chips and Salsa!  Very reasonable cost for lunch and generous portions.  I had the chicken burrito  and beef taco.  It was a great meal!
Great, authentic Mexican restaurant. The salsa is great and they just keep it coming. The 2 for 1 beer special is always good too. They always have coupons in the local flyers, so you can always save some dough.
Great food. Fast. Friendly. Will definitely come again. I had the chapala platter it was excellent.
Both this and the South Florida location are authentic deliciosa Mexican restaurants.  Originally opened by Guadalaharans, decor is fun, prices are reasonable, salsa is perfect.  Great cerveza and margaritas. A la carte to combination platters, not a bad thing on the menu.  Many Hispanics eat here--a sign to its authenticity.  (The Memorial Ave location has some intimidating panhandlers who occasionally pester guests crossing the parking lot, so do be careful.)
Used to love going here. Until we learned they keep your entire credit card info including the security code and your name and address. We asked them and they didn't think it was a big deal. The manager admitted they don't even shred it. Horrible business, will never go there again.
The only reason I can figure this place gets good reviews is because of the oversize, cheap portions of food. My husband had the chef's special and he is now complaining of feeling nauseated. The special was a non-descript steak smothered in a sauce with refried beans and rice. Everything sort of ran together and there were no distinct flavors. I had the chicken burrito and tamale. The chicken was the cheapest, greasiest meat you could possibly find on a chicken. It was not flavorful but just nasty. The refried beans should be renamed pureed brown stuff that loosely resembled refried beans. Like my husband's meal, everything just kind of ran together. The only redeeming quality was the excellent waitstaff. We will definitely not recommend this place or return for a future meal.
this place is truly a great place to eat I love coming here with my family a must eat if you want true Mexican food
I travel very often and when I get home I always want to go to Tapatios. The food is very good but the service is the real star here. The owner is nearly always there and there are members of the staff that have been there for a long time. They keep everything impeccably clean. I also remember eating in this building as a kid when it was a burger king so it is a walk down memory lane as well.
In town on Biz and hit this place for dinner at the end of a long day.  The decoration is basic, and the tables are covered in vinyl tablecloths topped with plastic.  Several TVs hang around the place playing DVDs of Mexican Telenovelas with the sound off. The music consists of standard mexican music as imagined by a typical american audience. The majority is Mariachi music, which is fine but did not originally inspire confidence in the authenticity of the cuisine.  The volume was not so loud to be intrusive, and the background noise level was not excessive, though the place was 2/3s full. I was pleasantly surprised, the menu contains a lot of common tex-mex dishes with a few more classic pure Mexican items.  I don't go for the hot stuff, but my co-worker said the hot salsa they brought for the chips was "so hot my tongue is trying to secede from my head". (This is a complement.  He LIKES that sort of thing.) We shared an order of nachos with ground beef, and I had a Burrito Grande. (Which is actually the SECOND largest Burrito, after the "MACHO".)  Both were excellent and filling. The Burrito was served with a generous supply of lettuce, tomatoes and guac (optional, they asked if I wanted it). The wait-staff was pleasant and attentive.  The prices were low for what you receive. I would definitely eat here again, and recommend it to others.
Went there on a whim. It was great! The served our group of 7 well and fast. A lot of food came out on my plate. I'll be back
The best Mexican food in Lakeland. Excellent service, extremely fast. The free chips and salsa are excellent, the food is cheap and comes in huge portions. There's nothing bad about tapatios.
I visited Lakeland recently, and had a coupon for this place from Restaurant.com. I wasn't too sure what to expect, but the food was seriously fantastic!  This was an authentic Mexican restaurant, not your typical "chain" type of gringo food. I had shrimp fajitas, my friend had carnitas. Both were very large portions, and cooked perfectly. It came with a side order of refried beans (with cheese), sour cream, lettuce, salsa etc.  Chips and mild/hot sauces were on the table and often refilled if we asked.  We also had guacamole (on the appetizer menu for $2.50), and fried ice cream for dessert (we took half of the food with us in a take-out container!)   The service was excellent, I never had an empty drink without a refill on the table promptly.  People were friendly, the atmosphere was good and somewhat quiet.  The only complaint I have is the plastic booths were somewhat uncomfortable, but that's a minor issue. The decor was very bright. Overall, it was a very quaint little restaurant that I enjoyed. If I'm ever in town again, I will definitely stop in here.
Very bland Mexican food. I probably need to try again, but I have not been in a hurry to go back.  I might be in the only person in Lakeland who doesn't like this restaurant. My suggestion...go to Abuelo's.
The decor is pleasant and engulfing and the food is as good as I've ever had outside of Texas. Their salsa might easily be the best I've ever tasted, and my wife and I routinely grab a large container of it to keep at home. Treat yourself to an order of chilaquiles just once and you'll be hooked.
If you have 3-4 people order the Botana platter, it's really good and worth the money. It's all you'll need (maybe with rice and beans). Though, a few things were obviously from a bag and then unfrozen, and others were made fresh. Doesn't look entirely authentic and the chips and salsa were mediocre. If I lived here I miiiight go again. It's good if you want a lot of food for a cheap price
Very good authentic Mexican food.  Nice ambience, can accommodate big groups. Chips and salsa (free) alone is worth the visit.  Can get pretty busy during the work week lunch hour but the wait is never more than a few minutes. Prices are very reasonable.
Best authentic mex in lakeland
Awesome food and healthy portions! Miguel special is my favorite, but I also like the chicken quesadillas. The special dinner is also very good, and gives you a sampling of many different foods.
