Alright.  I have been to Busch Gardens many times since living in Tampa Bay and always a good experience. Let me start by prefacing that I am a chicken.  The Sheikra is NOT my thing.  I would prefer to stay on the ground and gnaw on a turkey leg while drinking a beer and watch the monkeys play.  Now that that information is out of the way, here is my review: Great theme park at a good price.  There is a lil sumpin sumpin for everyone at Busch Gardens.  If you are a thrill seeker, there are several roller coasters.  My favorite is Montu (because I'm a wimp and this one doesn't have a big drop), but I've been on all of them at one time or another.  Cheetah Hunt is a very smooth and awesome ride, too. If you are into animals, there are quite a few.  I was bummed that they shut down the African Safari ride last time I went there (yes, I know it was a kids ride, but I LIKED it). The shows are really great, too.  Last time we were there we checked out the sing off show and the Sesame Street show (am I a child?). All in all...  BG is where it's at for an inexpensive and fun day at a theme park.
Great park.....loved riding SheiKra. That coaster is amazing!
Rides are great IF they are running.  They don't run if there are thunderstorms nearby, which is extremely common in Tampa in the summer.   The park attendant said that most days the rides shut down for 30 minutes to 90 minutes.  Many times they close more than once.   I spent $100 a ticket and have ridden one ride during the brief time there was no weather.   If you come in and can't ride any rides, sorry, no refunds.  I feel pretty ripped off.   I do know that Busch Gardens can't control the weather but there should be some consolation for the people when rides are down practically the whole day.   Next time I'll check the weather but I'm sure about 10,000 more people will have the same experience as me so it's too bad.   It is a great park normally, though very expensive.  The rides are top quality though. Today just was a very bad day and left a bad taste in my mouth.
This place is extremely family friendly.  I have lots and lots of little ones in my family, and the kids areas are great! There's a sesame street section, and a dino section, and the zoo is just wonderful, especially now that they've added in Jungala.  It's fun for older people too, the rides are fun and there's a lot of really entertaining, educational shows and services.
Fun amusement park, especially if you're into thrill rides as this park has very little in the way of rides for kids under 48" or those adults who have back, neck issues, fear of heights or roller coasters. With that being said, we took our 14 year old and two of her friends and they loved it! Positives: -excellent variety of roller coasters - all fast with lots of twists, turns, loops etc. - they have 3 major water rides - great opportunity to see a large variety of animals - they have beer and in a few places, full bar - they offer all day dining plan which allows for unlimited meals and soft drinks/bottled water/snacks at about 5 restaurants and buy one get one food and drinks at other spots (we learned this applies to shots of alcohol as well so if you order a drink it upgrades to a double for free) - Zambia smokehouse food is great for an amusement park - and best bang for your buck on the meal plan (ribs not included) - you can buy a fast queue pass either for a 1 time use at their most popular rides or an unlimited use. Negatives: - the rides are really far apart from each other which makes for LOTS of walking with little reward in between - the restaurants that take the meal plan all close at 7 or 7:30 except for one. So if you're not on line by say, 8:15 at the Zagora cafe, you'll be lucky to get your food by 9:00 when the park closes. And the lines at the places that close are just CRAZY starting at about 6pm. - SLOW SLOW SLOW service in many restaurant spots - especially Zagora Cafe. The workers here have zero enthusiasm - it's like they're walking through mud when they move. It's chicken fingers and hamburgers for goodness sake - why should it take so long? - because there aren't that many rides, the lines are incredibly long - many times even on the fast queue line so paying $60 per PERSON for the unlimited  fast queue was not exactly worth it since there was really only enough time to go on all of those rides once with maybe 2 roller coasters a couple of times. - the food, with the exception of the smokehouse, is not great. - very little shades spots to sit. The sun blared all day long - it was hot and really not much relief - not even in the gift shops - they all felt like they were unairconditioned (except for the one in the area with the birds). All in all a fun day but I still prefer Universal and Disney parks over this one as there is much more variety and much better customer service.
Clean, and the animals seemed well taken care of.And in the Bengal cafe they had veggie options..Thankyou Busch for taking care of us military types
I miss Disney, but the wife said 2 years of Disney passes was enough. So this year we will be at Busch Gardens a lot. This place has changed so much in my ten plus years absence. I miss the brewery and the Clydesdales, oh and Mick and Bud. Why would they get rid of Mick and Bud the dolphins?  Stadium priced beers suck! Two bottles of Budweiser for $14??? The animal exhibits are good, my favorite being the Tigers. The park is tidy, and the employees are nice. New for me is the "Bands, Brews, and BBQ" which is fricken wicked awesome. Last Sunday we enjoyed craft beers while watching Bret Michaels Band perform. It is a great outdoor stage for bands. Next we will see ZZ Top (for our 2nd time),and The Steve Miller Band. Smokey Bones BBQ was there making great BBQ. The ribs and chicken were fantastic.
Havent been to this place in nearly 20 years.. and WOW.. what a huge differnce in the place.  From the live petting zoo areas to the interactive animal tours and then all of those AMAZING roller coasters.. this was a great family vacation!  Highly recommend going when the gates first open - and pass up all of the rides to head straight for the kangaroo petting / feeding area first... most people are rushing to be first ont he rides - and you will get a very private one on one feeding with these remarkable animals..
If you love roller coasters than Tampa, Florida has a park for you.  I don't get the thrill unless you are in town and have an annual pass or love love love coasters.  That's all this park really is...and there's nothing wrong with that. It doesn't appeal to me but if you don't get enough thrills from the other parks Florida has to offer definitely go. Unfortunately there is no place on premises to get something decent to eat. No matter where you go it's all just standard fair fare. That can really dampen your day to have a lousy burger or tasteless salad. But to redundantly repeat myself - go for the roller coasters.
Really nice park, lots of space in the park. Its a real white knuckle day. The park is in a weird location, in the middle of tampa bay.
Busch Gardens truly has something for everyone, whether you're a thrill seeker, animal lover, or theater buff (I happen to be all three). Some park highlights for me: Sheikra. This is the scariest rollercoaster I've ever been on (yet I still always go on it, and I'm still just as scared every time). The coaster cart is 3 rows of "stadium" seating. This ride is short, but it is really about one 7 second stretch that seems to last forever : when you're precariously hung over the edge of a very high 90 degree drop before the cart drops. Sitting in the front for this one ups the scary factor by a million. Lion exhibit. They are usually lounging right by the observation window, so this is probably the closest you will ever get to a lion without losing a limb. Iceploration. An ice show featuring figure skaters, pair skaters,  incredible puppetry, and animals. It's a really cute story with some beautiful set and costuming. A nice 30 minute break from the heat, too! I typically feel overwhelmed at theme parks but since I have a season pass I don't feel pressured to fit a ton of stuff in every time I come. Sometimes I just go to see shows, other times I just ride rollercoasters. I actually think this is the best way to enjoy the park. Don't try to do everything, but instead just pick a few must-dos and fit in whatever extra activities you can.
Well out the way of the other theme parks in Florida but if you have a car and like thrill rides definately devout a day to going down and giving it a vist. The newest rollercoaster Sheikra is hands down the most thrilling ride i have ever been on. Mix in a handfull of other big coasters and water rides along with the many animals on display and its great day out. Just a shame its not a bit closer to the rest of Florida atteactions.
Came here for the 1st time ever on New Years Eve with the wife and child(4 yr old girl). We thought it was really cool to combine a zoo & theme park, as we've never been to or seen anything like it. So as not to restate what the previous 200+ reviews have said, I'll simply list the highlights and what we liked. 1. Having a four year old is tough at some parks because they're usually too small for everything. We loved the Sesame Street area because it was just her size and there was plenty to do. This is where we spent a lot of our day. There were a few other rides in a couple of other places in the park for the 42in & under visitors as well. 2. You're closer to the animals here than I've ever been at ANY zoo(to include San Diego). The tigers(white & regular) came up to the glass and stared down the guests, and they also paced back & forth right in front of the nets outside(I could hear their breathing and footsteps). I also liked the little space where you climbed up the ladder into the glass box that they were sitting on and around. We also saw the giraffes and elephants too, but missed the other creatures(lions, gorillas, etc) because we didn't think to go see them before it got dark. The safari train during the day probably would have been cooler than when we went at night(we saw nothing). 3. The food at the BBQ place(Zambia Smokehouse) was GOOD! I actually wrote a separate review on that page for it. The short version is lots of food & delicious! We didn't ride any of the coasters, but ended up spending a full day between shows(the Madagascar one is HILARIOUS!!) and the rides for the little one. We also got a caricature drawing and saw part of the band performance featuring LSU & Iowa. And did I mention this was all free(for military with dependents once per year)! We are actually looking at getting annual passes here, because I can think of way worse ways to spend a Saturday. If you've never been here, you've got to check this place out at least once.
Great amusement park! Even better to go during Halloween for the special scary stuff. The Sheikra ride is awesome! I think the "pay for one day, go for the whole year" still exists, doesn't it?
We went on a Monday in July. We hadn't visited a Busch Gardens park in 3 years and a lot has changed. It took over 90 min. just to get in the park. You have to: pay for parking, park, take a tram, get in line for tickets, get in line to get your bags checked (this really took forever), and finally, get in line to get your ticket scanned so you can actually enter the park. I carried a small, zipped, cross shoulder purse. This is no longer allowed on rides. You have to either have someone hold your things or pay for a locker. I would have planned differently. This proved to be very inconvenient. Once we got past these obstacles, the park is clean and beautiful. Lots of big coasters. Great staff. We paid for the quick que passes and we were very thankful for them. They allowed us to ride all the big rides with no wait before the afternoon FL thunderstorms started and all rides were shut down.
Not the best park... But possibly the most expensive. The roller coasters were fair...the sherika was lame after being intimidated all day by it's 90 degree face first drop...the kumba was the fast scary surprise of the day...ummm...won't be back..
Can't remember the last time I had so much fun! Loved the shows, rides and animals and the wait times for the rides weren't too bad. Will definitely go again if I ever find myself back in FL.
We live in the Orlando area so we have passes to all the parks. I would recommend Busch Gardens to adults or teens who like roller coasters and are on a budget. The food is really bad, though. Even worse than Universal for food. Which is saying something. The Sesame Street area is good for kids over about 3. They don't allow really young kids to go on anything, even in the kids area! For kids under 3ish, pay the extra and go to Disney so the youngsters can ride.
This is a great place to come a visit. The rides are pretty good, there are at least 3 good rides and another one coming on the way. But beyond the rides there are some great events here. For Halloween they have howloscream , for Christmas they have Christmas town, and they also have BBB(bands, brew, and BBQ). Lots of fun the have here at all times of the year. I you have some time off the rides you should try some of the tours, they are pretty cool here. If you come during howloscream than you can go on one of the guided tours. It's a lot of fun because you get to skip in front of the line and you have some drink stops as well. I come back here all the time. Fun place. Always something new.
This place is amazing! It is a zoo and amusement park, you can't beat that. If you plan on eating I would suggest getting the all you can eat wrist band.  I would also highly suggest the safari where you feed the giraffes, it is very worth the $33!
I'm going to keep this review brief. There's not much I can write on here other than I had a great time. This is one of their major theme park locations. They have already built enough of a reputation for themselves to where I need not say more.
Excellent day out, lots of rides to go on including an enormous roller coaster! Also lots of animals and birds to see and learn about. There's a train ride that will take you around the park. Fun for the whole family!
This is the first visit to a Florida theme park that I was able to relax.  Usually you are in a hurry to get there and then in a hurry to complete everything in the park to find out you were exhausted for your efforts and possibly frustrated that you did not get to something.  This time I had an annual pass and would so recommend this option because I realized once I got into the park I did not have to worry about lines or getting to everything.  If something was busy or I got stuck in an area I could always come back the next time I felt like it.  I purchased a two year annual pass that includes parking and everywhere I went in the park I was offered an additional discount on my purchases.  I figured that in the two years I needed to attend the park 3 times to beat the regular admission price.  Which means I can treat it like a park and visit when I want. The blessing of the day was it was still relatively cool for Florida and the animals were out and about all day.  In the past I had always really considered Busch Gardens a rollercoaster theme park.  The animal exhibits both in the animal area and the ones mixed in the park near the rides really provides a top notch zoo experience with a wide range of animals.  One future event that I have in mind is they offer an encounter with the animals where you get to go out in a truck and get up close  with some of the bigger animals for an extra fee. This is definitely a side of Busch Gardens you need to experience.
A while ago, I went to Busch Gardens on a school field trip. I enjoyed my stay. Even though it rained, and it was still pretty fun. The rides were exhilarating and the live shows were excellent. The park was not the cleanest, as I could tell it was a little old. But, otherwise, a very wonderful experience.
I made the trip to Tampa specifically for Busch Gardens.  I used to come here frequently when in college but haven't been here in a while. What a great time we had, and it is nice to see many of the same qualities still are existent today.  The park has wonderful staff, a clean park, and offers something for everyone. It is also nice to see that they continue to invest in unique quality thrill rides. Anytime I visit Florida I will always try to make some time to visit the park!
Awesome Park, and if you're a Florida resident then the 'pay for a day and go all year' deal is just the best. Today we rode all the coasters and I'd have to say that Sheikra is awesome. It takes you to the edge and holds there about 3-4 seconds and then it drops you STRAIGHT down. And the thing is, is that you can't see the track so you get the feeling that you are free falling with no net. It's an unbelievable rush. Kumba is very fast and is one of the longest lasting coasters around. No real quick ride here. Montu is really cool. Your feet are just hanging in the wide open (the coaster is railed from the top, instead of the bottom. The shows are world class., literally. Most of the performers are from different countries from around the world. Sesame Street section is great for the kids. They get to meet the Sesame Street crew and there are different rides for kids to ride on, 2yrs and up. Our daughter loves the Grover Roller Coaster. every time we go there we have to ride it at least 3 times in a row. They have animals, mainly themed after Africa. Gorillas, Giraffes, Lions, Zebras, and the tigers that are in the Jungala section are really cool to watch. The Tiger Tail Trail really allows you to get close to the tigers, including 2 white tigers. Of course you are separated by glass or some type of netting.
We took at family vacation to Florida and spent 1.5 days at Busch Gardens. Overall, the experience was disorganized and many rides were not opened. Falcon Fury was supposed to open earlier this year & it has yet to open. The wooden roller coaster was closed both days we went to the park. When rides were open, the organization was lacking. Workers would let you through the entrance and this is where the organization ended. Riders went into whichever rows they felt like and people had to figure out how to manage riding with family members in different lines. If workers didn't allow so many people through at once, the system would work much better. My favorite ride was the Cheetah. It did not make one queasy but had quick bursts or speed with a few loops. Another exhilarating ride was the Sheikra. This ride takes you up, hangs you off the side, then drops you at 90 degrees!
Best theme park in Florida! Very up to date with new roller coasters and very friendly staff.
As annual pass members, we visit Busch Gardens quite regularly.  My three children (ages 12, 8, 3) love it there. The Sesame Safari offers a safe place for the younger ones with preschool friendly rides and play area. There are two splash pads "spray grounds" located in Sesame Safari and Jungala which are great ways to cool off on hot days.  Pack swimsuits and towels! For the thrill-seeker, the rides at Busch Gardens are like no other. Cheetah Hunt will blow your spots off!  Sheikra will make your shreik with delight as you dangle from high above.  With one swooping drop, your stomach will be left behind.  Of course, Busch Gardens is also known for its amazing animal habitats and shows. Season passes are the best deal by far but you can also purchase a Fun Card, pay once and visit the rest of the year.  If you buy a Fun Card, buy one annual pass to save on money.
Have to say this place is still one of the best there parks in this part of the country.  I'm a roller coaster fanatic, and was happy they are still adding rides, including the new Cheetah Hunt coaster-- it's suprisingly fast and long track. Sheikra is nuts also!!  We went early in the morning and didn't have to wait at all really, we rode the good coasters over and over. Compared to Islands of Adventure in Orlando, the Busch Gardens Tampa coasters are most intense and more of them.  The food was a bit better at Busch Gardens as well, if you are going to be there all day get the all day food and drink pass to save money. The Quick Queue premium pass is worth it on busy days. I can't wait to go back!!
It had been awhile since my last visit to Busch Gardens and almost forgot how great it is. As with many of the themed attractions in Florida, it can get pricey--be sure to check for online and advanced purchase savings. Having done so, we were able to bypass the lines and enter the park without much wait. Our first stop was the Cheetah Hunt! One of the newest attractions at the park and with a wait of 50 mins, it was still well worth it. My favorite of the rides-- Sheikra, definitely on another level of heart-stopping fun! I was not ready for the adrenaline rush this ride provided! I enjoyed seeing the animals: the lions, the tigers, the dancing elephant, all super cute!
We liked the rides and most of the animals were great.  We were devastated when we saw the kangaroo park though.  There are about 2 dozen kangaroos and wallabies  in a sliver of the park with no grass or space to rome.  Maybe two of them were standing up.  We just told ourselves that they had a big space in the back for frolicking.  This is a common problem for us when we go out to zoos and similar places.  Busch Gardens seemed like it was a safe bet with the funding that they have so we were shocked when we saw it. They charge $7 for beers that the company makes for ten cents so you would think that they could get the kangaroos some grass and not charge people $5 for a hand full of food pellets.
Halloween theme event, best for mature audiences only. Opportunity to ride roller coasters at night, exciting Halloween themed shows, walkthrough haunted houses, the street come alive with DJ's , you never know where or when you made have someone or something try and scare you.
Great park with tons of animals and rides for all ages. First time here and we bought tickets ONLINE ONLY for 50.00 each for a weekday visit. We went on monday and the lines were very short, my kids waited no more then 10-15 mins for the roller coasters. Seeing all the animals were great and up close too. We ate at the nicest restaurant they have and used the counter service. The upstairs has sit down service. My shrimp salad was fresh and great for a amusement park. We really enjoyed our day here and would go back if we are Tampa again. We saw two shows, one ice skating type and one madagascar and both were great espically to get out of the 90+ weather or rain. We ate dinner at the smoke house and the food was really good. I would recommend this place to everyone. A lot of young/teens people here and it can be a little ghetto at times but over all we enjoyed our time here. ""One tip"...... it can rain/thunder around 3:00pm so go on any roller coasters before that. They do close them when it rains/thunders as all the parks do in florida even Walt Disney World. See a show during the rain/thunder or eat at the closed in restaurants. The rain actually cools down the high heat which can be great once it stops raining.
Wow. Forgot how great this park is, and so close to home. They do it right . For the Veterans Day weekend they offered half price admission for veterans and their family. Active duty personnel got free admission, families included. Combine our great Florida weather, great rides, great attractions, and the all day dining pass, which includes 2 for 1 beers and u have a super fun day. By the way u never know who you'll bump into at this great place, remember El Duque. He was there enjoying this great park.
DON'T GET THE ALL DAY MEAL VOUCHER.  Busch Gardens clearly is only interested in taking as much of your money as they possibly can.  With a great roller coaster, Sheikra, and a so-so one Cheetah, the rest are lack luster and aging.  We have multiple annual passes to several of the Orlando area parks and thought we'd venture out to Tampa for a day in Busch Gardens.  Desiring a hassle-free experience, we bought the passes, the line hopper ultimate passes, along with the all day meal plan (Unlimited food and beverage).  The meal plan, we mostly wanted so we didn't have to drop $5 an hour on bottled waters or cokes.  Well, after several failed attempts to find a kiosk or stand that would honor the voucher, we eventually learn that you can only use it in the actual cafeteria/restaurants which are limited to one per park area.  These cafeterias have the longest lines because they serve full meals.  ...so for refreshments, this $30 option is a total waste.  We saw one such cafeteria with a twenty minute wait in the food area, but no one in the refreshment section, nor at the checkout counter; we proceeded to grab a bottle of water and see the cashier - but were immediately 'SCOLDED' in front of everyone and told we needed to wait in the food line.  The amount of time they spent trying to dominate us and embarrass us in front of others, they could have just said, have a great day!  --- there's no transaction that takes place otherwise, you simply show your band and walk out.  -- but instead, the cashier and the manager seemingly got off on a power trip by forcing us to put down the water and smirkingly instructed us to follow their rules for no other purpose than there being 'rules'.  What a joke.  Worst customer service I've experienced in ANY theme park.
I liked Busch Gardens when visited. It offers a variety of attractions, animal attractions, and good food. It was bust, but still a fun visit. We took the train ride across the Serengeti and enjoyed the scenery. If you are with a season pass holder then you can get tickets for 50% off. It was definitely worth the $50 we paid with friends. We tried the all you can eat option and enjoyed grabbing water as we traveled the roller coasters. The food options are plenty and they were good. I enjoyed the ribs and chicken salad options. Busch Gardens is definitely an all day adventure.
Great theme park the employees are very helpful and nice.  The rides range from not intense and family friendly to off the charts petrifying there is something to do for everyone there.  Most people don't know this but there are also a lot of animals there go to mambo junction and curiosity caverns they are between Cheetah hunt and Timbuktu close to rhino rally they are by the tortoises.
We go to Busch Gardens every year and LOVE IT! This is one thing that my kids never stop talking about. The employees are kind and helpful. We love that there is a variety of things to do for everyone. The safari train, roller coasters and the 2 kid areas! The kids love the great kid rides and their favorite is Sesame Street place. The people working in the children's areas are extremely kind. I was blown away by the way they treat the Kids and families. The people dressed as the SS characters were so kind as well! Honestly, the SS experience is one My kids don't ever stop talking about! Our last visit we did the food plan too - and that was a great addition! I do wish there were more places spread throughout the park on the meal plan, and that they all were open the same times. Overall, busch gardens is a great place! Great value, tons to do (you need multiple days to finish everything), and tons of fun! So many great family memories made here! Thank you Busch Gardens!
The prompt response to a customer complaint was refreshing
Very fun time was had by all here. I never had a desire to go to this Busch Gardens as I am a huge fan of the one in Williamsburg, but this place gets it right. From being able to feed the parrots and kangaroos to watching all sorts of amazing animals, this place is much more than a regular theme park. The kids wanted to go on all the rides, but the animals held their attention just as much. The rides were fun, but if that's all you want to do, there are other place in Florida for that. I would come back again. This place was a lot of fun.
this is a must stop in a central florida (orlando) vacation if youre a thrill seeker (although the rollercoasters arent bad). cheetah hunt just opened up and its a very smooth and fun ride that was longer than i thought it would be. for a lim coaster i was surprised it flipped but that was cool. there are a bunch of other cool rollercoasters especially shiekra which is the first vertical roller coaster ive been on. we probably should have waited for the front row but whatever. lots of interesting animals also but damn we missed the train by a minute and it takes an hour for it to come back.
Very fun time was had by all here. I never had a desire to go to this Busch Gardens as I am a huge fan of the one in Williamsburg, but this place gets it right. From being able to feed the parrots and kangaroos to watching all sorts of amazing animals, this place is much more than a regular theme park. The kids wanted to go on all the rides, but the animals held their attention just as much. The rides were fun, but if that's all you want to do, there are other place in Florida for that. I would come back again. This place was a lot of fun.
Busch Gardens rocks!  We went on a day that it rained early which was great because the park was extremely slow.  We did all the shopping during the first hour during the sprinkling rain.  Don't miss the garden decor/plants for sale when you first enter.  The gift shops had a lot of really nice gifts that were resonably priced.            One thing I don't recommend doing is the All Day Food for $30.  We did it and felt obligated to eat.  Even when we weren't hungry.  The only place I would recommend eating is the BBQ place.            We did the day Sarengeti Safari for an extra charge that we enjoyed so much that we came back for the Saturday night Safari tour.  The night tour is a small group with tour guides( Go Mori, Charles and Gabe you guys were awesome)  who take you to various animals.  The keepers are there feeding them so they're right up front.  The lions were my absolute favorite.  The night tour is 21yrs+.  You start with FREE beer and a picture with the tour guides.  Take the picture that comes with your package too!  There is also a camp fire that everyone gets around to tell stories.  At the end of the tour you get desserts and hot chocolate.               There is also a bird/animal show that has scheduled hours.  If you can make it go!  It's free and a lot of fun.
I might be a little biased in my review.  I grew up only a few miles away from Busch Gardens and have always enjoyed the park for its thrill rides and zoo animals.   With the recent updates to the children's area, this park has officially taken the place of favorite amongst my family.   The Sesame Street play area offers plenty of activities for children.  From a splash park (Burt and Ernie's Watering Hole) to the Tree Top Climbing nets, there's enough activities to keep the kids content with adventures of their own.   Meanwhile, rides like Sheikra and Cheetah Hunt will have age appropriate guests screaming with excitement as they experience some of the best coasters available in the United States. Their zoo exhibits are some of the best I've experienced.  The Myombe Reserve features all the fascinating primates in a walk thru experience and the Serengeti  hosts the African Lions, Giraffes, Antelope, Elephants, Hyenas and more.  There are even additional tours available to guests who want an up close adventure.   The food in most areas is typical theme park fare.  However, the Smoke House near Sheikra has some great BBQ.  I definitely recommend scheduling your lunch stops at that eatery.   The shows are entertaining and engaging.  Our two favorites are the Madagascar show (for kids) and the animal show. With new attractions and themed events added every so often, this park guarantees to impress and provide entertainment for patrons of every age.
I recently went back to Busch Garden's for the first time in 20+ years so naturally it was all new to me.  It's like a giant zoo with animals from mainly Africa with a few roller coasters thrown.  I went on 2 of the roller coasters and maybe it was because it was only in the upper 60s/low 70s but the wait for both rides was less than 10 minutes!  Loved it!!!  Also paid extra for a Safari which included a ride on a flat bed truck out to see the antelope, zebras, rhinos, giraffes, and plenty other animals I now cannot name.  The highlight of this safari was getting to feed "Becca" the giraffe lettuce.  Plenty of Budweiser influence in the park with the Clydesdale's and the Bud & BBQ area.  I tried some BBQ ribs and they smelled better than they tasted.  If you are over 21, you get 2 free drinks (Bud products naturally).  They do not give you tickets or punch a card or anything so if you don't have much of a conscious, you could probably drink your admission (there is only a sign asking you to adhere to the 2 drink policy).
Great for kids & adults, but not for toddlers. This isn't the park for you if you've got toddlers (below 56" tall). The only ride for them is the merry go round in the Sesame's Street area. You basically spent almost $100 for a zoo. (Save $67 a head by going to the Tampa Lowry Park Zoo). Also the service, grounds, amenities don't stack up to Disney standards.
This is a great amusement park! The giraffe safari tour is worth the extra $30! Everyone gets to feed the giraffes multiple times on the safari. The tour guides are very informative and enthusiastic! Only limitation is you have to be able to stand while the truck is going over bumpy roads, so this may not be suitable for all.
Amazing amusement park great for all ages the best ride I went on was the Sheikra also the cheeta was really fun! My only advice would be to make sure you go on a day where it's not to hot or thundering, because if you go on a hot day you will melt when waiting for the ride, and they might close the rides when it's thundering
We took our daughters 18 and 15 there for MLK holiday from school.  We live 2 hours away.  They have season passes to Universal but love Busch the best for the roller coasters. They rode them all and said they loved them - their only complaint (and that was mild) is the wait time for some rides.  Most were only 15 minutes or so but the Cheetah coaster wait was 90 mins (it would've been 15 mins shorter but it broke down so they had to wait through that). They convinced me (and I don't do roller coasters) to go on the Montu.  It was my 18 yo's bday so I had to give in.  Scared the living day lights out of me.  But it was kinda fun too.  It is said to be one of the world's longest inverted rides.  You go upside down through 3 loops.  I survived.  My husband and I mostly like the animals which is another great thing about Busch Gardens. Kids get to do what they want and there's still something for us oldsters.  There was a great cheetah demo where we got to watch one of the young cheetah's chase some bait along with her "brother" which is a dog!  Also a MUST see is the Cast-a-way Critters show.  We saw it and then had our daughters meet us for another one.  The animal trainers have taken pets from shelters along with some exotic animals and trained them in an amazing way!  Absolutely amazing.  And cute.  And fun. There's even an opp at the end to pet an owl and the other animals.  I love the way the zoo part of the park is.  If I were an animal, I'd want to live at Busch Gardens.  It is beautiful.  The animal settings are idyllic.  Other things we got to do: pet a kangaroo and a wallaby, watch the ape family and about a hundred pink flamingo, ride the train where we saw (up close) the new baby zebras, see the alligators and the funny little otters, see a replica of King Tut's tomb (very nicely done). I have read other reviews of unfriendly staff.  Didn't see that.  Staff was smiling and friendly. Except on one occasion in a cafeteria line when the oblivious and annoying teens in front of us didn't notice it was time to order because they were screwing around with their friends too much-I was all for it when she yelled "It is time to order now!"  Ha ha.  Hints: Definitely buy the meal pass if you are going to be there all day and if you plan on 3 meals (it makes it worth it and very convenient for not having to pull out money or the credit card every time you want to eat or drink).  Wear comfortable shoes that have been broken in because there is a LOT of walking.  If you don't buy the meal deal, buy the refillable fountain drink cup for 99 cent refills. Download the free app for a map - it takes you there, gps style.  Now the complaints: 1) How I hate people that don't pay attention to where they are walking! They don't seem to realize that you walk on one side if you're headed one way and walk on the other if you're headed the other way.  You don't form a huge group and take up the entire path! You don't walk backward while talking.  So, so annoying.  2) The rides that are down all day!  We didn't get to ride the sky ride because it was shut down.  I don't know why.  And I love the sky ride.  3) The food wasn't that great.  The hamburgers tasted like fish and you don't get the choice of onion on your burger.  Everything was just so-so otherwise.  We ate at Zygora Cafe twice and Bengal Bistro.  I think they're run by the same company.  Don't get the burger.  The cheesecake was great.  The orange slices kind of dried out.  The chicken and fish strips overcooked. A meal will cost you about $12 with a drink.  That's the adult price.  That's without a side - just the platter and a drink.  4) Shopping is probably best not done there.  It is expensive and for some of the same things you could get at the Walgreens down the street.  Yes, local Walgreens and CVS usually carry the themed t-shirts, sweat shirts that they sell at the parks.  Much cheaper.  For example, a Busch Gardens sweat shirt is $60.  I guess if you're a tourist and you want a remembrance, that's ok.  But for me, I wouldn't pay that much when you could get the same thing without the logo for $30 or $40.  All and all, Busch Gardens is a good deal for the money and a great family park.  There are designated smoking areas and so you don't have to walk through second-hand smoke everywhere.  I didn't hear much cursing at all.  No make-out sessions like you sometimes see at Magic Kingdom.  Busch Gardens is a nice family park.
I honestly can't complain about a theme park that offers Florida resident passes for the price of a one-day admission and is located DIRECTLY ACROSS THE STREET FROM MY APARTMENT. Shizzz, I'm a fan! Yeah, it's kinda small. But that's what's nice about BG. It's got a small-time, not too commercialized, not overwhelming feel. I can go here, spend two or three hours walking around and be happy. And then come back the next day. And the next. And.... you get the picture. I have no life. That's okay. My favorite ride is SheiKra (duh) but I also love the beautiful animals and African theme. This place is a must for animal lovers. I do feel a little bad that they have to be surrounded by annoying tourists and ear-splitting "theme" music all day... but I do know they are well cared-for and that's most important. Sometimes this place is hit-or-miss. Most recently, we came on a Thursday afternoon and the place was dead and all the vendors were closed. They closed the rides when it started raining. AKA absolutely nothing to do. We spent most of our time at the Crown Colony restaurant, which is one of my favorite food places along with the candy store. Despite everything else being closed I still just liked being there. Where else can you say that? So, in conclusion: buy a resident pass and go here. Ride the rides. Spend money (Florida's economy needs it, and BG is one of the best things Tampa's got going for itself let's be honest). Have fun. Take pictures of the animals, get some exercise walking around and learn something new. Don't take it all too seriously, just enjoy!
We had an extra day after our cruise in Tampa so we decided to the park.  We got there around noon and the park was packed with school bus kids.  Getting in the park was a pain.  it had scanners that were self service that took forever.  There were 25 people in front of us and it took about 30 mins to get in.  This is why it only gets 4 stars not five because of the worst front gate of any park i have ever been to.  Once in though it was great.  The lines for the ride were really long so we paid the extra money to get the quick passes.  It is well worth it if it is a busy day and you only have half a day to do the park.  The park has several really good coasters and then others that are ok.  I would still recommend you do them all at least once.  The train is a must do to see all of the animals.  We had a fun day at the park and i would go back again to get the rest of the stuff done we couldn't during that trip.
I have so many memories as a child - and adult - at Busch Gardens. Even though I never got to sample the free beer...it still ranks highly on my theme park list. Looking forward to attending one of the Hallow Scream events one of these years..... The animals are nice, but you come here for roller coasters. Montu - Probably one of my favorite coasters - of all time. Feet dangling, couple inversions - great ride. My wife actually went on it twice, and I think this is the coaster that got her to like (read: tolerate) coasters. I remember me and a buddy got to go on it like 8 times straight, front row back at a field trip in high school. Sheikra - I'll admit I am scared of heights and this one goes high, but the biggest shock is the 90 degree (or nearly 90) drop down. That little pause at the top, then the drop. I hate it in a: man, I love it kinda way. Kumba - My favorite....when I was in 5th grade. The old timer is still doing good and is still super fast even in today's "super coaster" world. Fond memories of Kumba. Gwazi - The only wooden coaster in the park will do a number on your neck as it whips your head back and fourth faster than Willow Smith. Haven't done cheetah yet, but I will next time. Then there's the non-coasters that really round it out: Congo River Rapids - Will leave you SOAKED! Make sure you have a change of clothes, or don't mind being dripping wet after riding this one. Tidal Wave - So much fun here as a kid. We literally stood on the bridge for an hour, getting wave after wave to the face. Skip the ride, enjoy the bridge - especially for the kiddies. Rhino Rally - A little boring, but still able to get somewhat close to some animals. It's worth it if there isn't a long wait.
I liked Bush Gardens, but did not love it. Having gone to both Tampa and VA, I prefer the one in VA. The train is out as they appear to be building new track. The aerial tram is quite nice, but unlike the one in VA, this one is not a loop. Rhino Rally was a big dissapointment, even before I rode the same type of ride at Disney Animal kingdom (Disney does do it better). I enjoyed the shows most of all at the park. The power stilt carnival workers were very colorful. The Tiger enclosure was quite spectacular and were were able to insert our heads into a glass enclosure next to which a white tiger was sleeping (very cool!) The Africa walk was ok, but seemed to lack something I can't quite put my finger on. The three water rides were fun, and I noticed that outside one of them is the equivalent of a person size dryer where you could step into the middle of it and get dry. While it was hot enough we felt good being wet, that was a nice option I have not seen at other parks.
Love busch gardens! It is so pretty and fun, way better than your average theme parks. It is a combination of garden, zoo and adventure park. There are only two in the US, the other one is in VA. Had an awesome time there from watching the animals, shows to riding the roller coasters. I was told they had the larggest wooden roller coaster in the country. Note most roller coasters are made of steel but this one was built with all wood. I had so much fun riding, very unique experience. You get discount if you are a Florida resident. Wish I visited it more often when I lived there.
Yippppeeee!  It was physics day here!  Kids happy to be doing physics homework in the park.
Love love love this park. I have a yearly pass and get so many benefits with it. This park has entertainment for all ages. Animals, roller coasters, gaming area, shows. Always have a great time!
If you want thrills, wildlife, great food and a fabulous time then make sure you don't miss visiting Busch Gardens in Tampa Bay. Great place for all the family, as there is much to do for young and old, couples, singles and those with children. Enjoyable time was had by all and the bbq food makes me feel like Homer Simpson, drool!
Very cool park with lots of animals.  I like how you were able to get a lot closer to the animals than at Disney's Animal Kingdom.  Really great rollercoasters but there aren't too many "normal" rides; it's nice to have something educational when you are looking for a bit of a break. The food is also better here than at Islands of Adventure or Universal Studios.  Makes the all you can eat day pass that much more worth it.
Not quite as good as Disney but cheaper with awesome coasters.
From the parking to the rides, every employee was professional and very friendly! The Sheikra was the scariest and fastest ride I have ever been on, definitely not for the faint of heart! And, unlike Six Flags, I really liked how even if you didn't have the extra time or money for the safari, you could view the animals from all over the park.
I always enjoy my trips to Busch Gardens! A little expensive if your not a Florida resident though, but it does offer some amazing thrill rides! Kumba, Montu, Gwazi and Sheikra, excellent rides, not for the faint of heart! PS to Florida residents, Pay for one day and come back the whole year for free!
I hadn't been to Busch Gardens in over a decade, but a friend wanted to hit the coaster circuit for his 39th birthday. So our gang of seven guys, ranging from late 30s to early 50s, trekked over to Tampa for the day. I tend to think of Busch Gardens as more of an "amusement" park and less of a "theme" park. While it has themed areas in terms of the design of the buildings, it's not as full-on thematically as areas at Disney or Universal can be. But that's not why you visit here: you visit here for the rides. We were in the park about eight hours, with a couple of leisurely cocktail stops along the way. In that time, we got on seven rides, on a day with extremely short waits. (Our second-longest wait was to get off of SheiKra, which apparently was on the verge of breaking down just as we were second-in-line to return to the loading platform.) I can't imagine getting much more done in a full-length, fully packed summer day. We had a good time, but we also noticed a little "run-down" look in many areas of the park -- most notably Gwazi, which has had one half shuttered (this being the "new thing" last time I went), with its whole structure looking really aged. And regrettably, age has caught up with my equilibrium, too, so I ended up a spectator as others went on what used to be my favorite coaster in Florida,  Kumba. Sigh. Part of me would like to go back to do the half of the park we essentially skipped in our quest to hit all the coasters -- take a slower pace, take in the shows, all that. But I figure we'll wait for the next new big thing to open to justify the drive, the time and the cost.
I am a fan of the zoo/theme park combo. It gives you a little bit of everything! Being a frequent zoo/theme park goer Bush Gardens is one of my favorites, if not my ultimate favorite! There is something for everyone, and there is a little more for the adults then just coasters. It is as pricey as every other theme park - but I find myself enjoying it a lot more here than anywhere else. Went on the Giraffe Safari for a birthday present, and that was great. The people who worked with it were wonderful, it was everything I thought it would be.
Love Busch Gardens but I went there yesterday, my app said it was open til 9pm, but they closed at 6pm!  I wouldn't have minded that much if there wasn't a four hour ride delay from a big storm. We spent a ton of money on beer and only got to ride two rides!  Plus I'm still upset that they keep the depressed looking kangaroos in such a small area. Poor little guys. But yeah, it's a fun place for sure.
a nice park, not as good as williamsburg though.  this park is africa-themed, and it has some great rides as well.  went there after christmas for my bday and it was tons of fun!
I like Busch Gardens, but the park is pretty small compared to other amusement parks so that is why I would only rate it three stars.  That said, Busch Gardens has vastly improved over the years. While Disney ticket prices have increased Busch Garden tickets have decreased dramatically.  You can now get a season pass for practically the same price as a day pass!  Busch Gardens most recent additions have been the Shiekra roller coaster, Cheetah Hunt roller coaster, Rhino Ralley, more shows, and more animals. My favorite roller coasters are the Kumba and the Montu so I always try to ride them at the beginning of the day so I can avoid the long lines.  As I get older the Shiekra gives me panic attacks and I can no longer ride it, but if you are a thrill seeker you will love it!  The Cheetah Hunt is one of the more tame roller coasters and I can usually convince my mom to ride with me.  AVOID THE GWAZI!!!!  This is the worst ride in the park and will toss you around until you either get a headache or throw up.  Chiropractic adjustments are required after you ride!!!!  If you must ride this roller coaster save it for the end of the day or you will feel terrible for the rest of the day at the park. For the 21+ adults there is a fun Busch beer class.  The class is about an hour long and you get to try a ton of free beer samples.   I only think Busch Gardens will get better over the years.  They own a ton of land that they haven't developed yet so they can easily double the size of the park when they are ready.
the best thrill park in the world it has all the rollercoasters you can get from the worlds longest inverted coaster to the worlds firstlooping floorles vertical 200ft drop tower!!!!! it isnt much for the kids but teens love the thrills. some rides are for the littluns but its got the thrills more it is a must do at florida and i recomend it anyday to anyone. you should really consider going there
Love Busch Gardens! Been coming here for years. Being Florida resident, I feel like I get a good deal for my money. Because of the variety of things the park offers, one can have fun every time. Today, for example, we were in the area, so popped in for a stroll and looked at the animals. Spent a couple of hours and had a pleasant day. When we have more time or feeling up to it, we'll come back and ride the coasters. Speaking of, they are building a new ride at the moment. I feel, like they are always adding more rides or updating/improving the old ones. Good times every time. We don't have kids, but we see many families with small children. There's a whole area dedicated just for them. Small kids friendly rides and all.
the most best theme park iv been to that has the biggest rides any where. it has the classic woodys and the biggest looping floorless vertical drop coaster in the world. the place is very clean and the staff are really freindly and it is a must go in florida
Pretty chill amusement park and Zoo combined. I really wish they had the fastpass program here, you can buy a fastpass but we aren't staying that long. They sell a lot of amusement park fare and being Busch a lot of alcohol too.  Too bad I gave up beer for lent. You can get very interactive with the animals by feeding them and talking to the keepers. Either way you can't beat the weather right now.
had a great time but there are lots of groups of minors just walking around .no adults to supervise. looks like parents drop there kids off . like they did at the mall years ago.
It was a great experience. The reason I gave it four stars is due some areas that require improvements. Requires restrooms away from the theme areas. Once you approach each section everyone is going to the same restroom making it busy and not clean after 50 people have used it. Requires additional eating restaurants/sitting areas. The rides were awesome and the children area is for every age which was great. The animals were awesome for everyone to see. I will come back and tell others to visit.
the best thrill theme park in the world it has the best of the best rides there it will give the needed adreniline rush to anyone. they arent that many small rides but enough to keep them happy. the animals are funny and cool there. the place is clean and the staff are nice and the place is werll maintained.
This is a theme park, so be prepared to get just that! It's pretty fake, with lots of tall roller coasters, some of them quite fun, and many themed areas. The real selling point for people of all ages here, are the interactive animal experiences. From having birds land on me to petting and feeding wallabies and kangaroos to just watching the more exotic apes, tigers, lions etc. play in their very well crafted and maintained environments; this place is hard not to fall in love with. There are all kinds of shows there, as well. From street shows with break dancing and magic to free live shows (like their jungle on ice skates show which is super weird and fake but beautiful) you will probably find something you enjoy. I went on a mildly rainy day, which in my experience is the best day for any theme park. 5 minute waits on rides, little lines and not too crowded everywhere, which is really nice. Don't miss Sheikra!
this park has the biggest and wettest thrills you can imagine! the highlight of the park is the massive 200ft floorless looping vertical drop coaster (thats a mouthfull!!). it has the rides for younger children. the place is very clean and and the staff are freindly. the animals there are spectacular aswell. recomended for people who likes big thrills
I recently visited Busch Gardens (BG) after a 5 year absence Last time I visited, it was in 2008 with a Mallu priest. lol. I used the 50 dollar special for me and my gf. I really love all the animal exhibits, especially the elephants, apes, giraffes, flamingos . And who doesn't love the Coasters? (except MI patients and my gf)? Coasters: Cheetah Hunt and Sheikra were the two new coasters added since my last sojourn. I loved Cheetah Hunt even if it was a bit short. Sheikra scared me away for the moment. My Favorite coaster is Montu. I like the feeling of your feet dangling through the air, and I feel safer with the steel harness over the body. It has a lot of inversions, but It's very fun. Kumba is a little old , but solid. Scorpion is decent for smaller kids or families. I cannot recommend Gwazi. the wooden construction gives it a jerky quality, and it does put strain on your neck area. I rode it once circa 2004 but never again. BG is a great place , but I have  some nitpicks: Parking is 15, which is standard for Disney. but BG isnt that big. I think they could knock it down to 10 honestly. BG is 1/2 zoo, 1/2 amusement park. Many people , like my parents or gf, dont enjoy the coasters, and wont go on them. I tend to favor the rides more than the animals. Honestly the optimal thing would be if you like both and go with people who like both. For people shy of death-defying coasters, the value of a standard ticket (85-90 approx) is a lot less. I would recommend getting a Fun pass if youre from FL. One full ticket , and you can go repeatedly throughout the year --I went at an atypical time, but be wary of going during Tampas "rainy season" - July-Sept)  BG turns off rides at the first drizzle and may not reopen them that for hours. -- The park closed at 5pm (in December), Universal  and Epcot closed at 7pm. Try and get there early if possible. The park was very beautifully decorated for the Xmas season, which was nice. The employees were friendly, and the park was clean. I had a fun time overall. Maybe I can take anti-emetic meds before going on Sheikra.
Busch Gardens makes me feel happy. It's a reminder of my first ever foray to the USA. I came to Orlando to sate my appetite for roller coasters. I had been based in Orlando and enjoyed the Disney and Universal parks but was looking for bigger coasters to ride. I had planned a day trip to Tampa to Busch Gardens and at the time, it was my longest drive in the USA The parking lot is huge and a little confusing at first but I've since got the hang of it. Busch Gardens has a nice feel to it. Slightly less corporate than Disney though that may just be an illusion. I wasn't disappointed by my wish for larger coasters. On my first trip, I truly my brain truly scrambled by multiple rides on Kumba, Montu and Gwazi. Since then, I've also returned to ride the awesome drop coaster Sheikra, which is probably now my favourite ride in the park as I love that drop sensation. There are also gentler rides and I love Rhino Rally, which is a cross between a safari jeep ride and..... SPOILER ALERT...... a section where the jeep is swept away down a river by a flash flood. Great fun. Besides the rides, there's also an interesting zoo, which is well worth a visit as well as shows. It's a nice family park but with some big rides to interest coaster addicts like me.
I went to Busch Gardens for the first time with my friend last month.  I had a blast! The zoo portion of the park is really cool and there are all sorts of neat animals to look at.  I think the best part was the kangaroo area, where you can feed and pet the 'roos!  So much fun!  Also make sure you go to the tiger enclosure - there is a tiger there that will ham it up for the camera all day long!  We got some great photos because of that. The roller coasters here are awesome!  Shiekra is probably the one I found the scariest - the drop is literally 90 degrees straight down.  Extremely intense!  I also liked the Kumba coaster a lot.  The new Cheetah Hunt is pretty neat, though not as fast as I was expecting.  It does, however, cover a lot of land, which is cool! If roller coasters are your thing, make sure that you get Quick Passes - and get them early in the day, as the price goes up as the day continues.  They are WELL worth the money and you are easily able to skip the majority of the long lines.  We never regretted buying them for a second. The skyride is fun - be sure to check that out!  The train is also neat.  Both rides give you some really cool views of the park. I would definitely recommend a visit to Busch Gardens!
Coasters!!!! This is the best park I have been to if you want to hit up awesome coaster after awesome coaster. SheiKra is AHHHHmazing! The most thrilling, terrifying, awesome coaster ever. When you are ascending to the drop you are literrally looking up at the sky. The climb is a 47-degree 200-foot lift hill but it feels like 80-degrees. The train then makes a U-turn and approaches the holding brake, which suspends the train for about 6 seconds at 90-degrees... it's crazy!!! And it def feels more than 6 seconds. Cheetah Hunt is the newest of coasters and is okay. Not my favorite. Montu was my favorite, so smooth and floor less. You get to enjoy the excitement in its entirety because it's not jerky in the least. Love it!!! Skyride is a nice relaxing ride that taps you along the sky of the park so you get a nice bird's eye view of all surroundings. Rhino Rally has gone down hill. I feel like the tour guides take it a little too far with the jokes and are basically laughing at how lame the ride it. I used to like it but they made it a bit smaller due to some construction. SandSerpent is a kid roller coaster but Oh. My. Word. We felt like we were going to go over the edge at any moment. It definitely has the feel of a boardwalk coaster and going from being secured in shoulder straps to a lap bar, it's just a little frightening. Nice adrenaline rush though! Oh, and they have Woodchuck on tap in the pub, Done!
I have been living in Florida for twelve years, and had never been. I know.. you are thinking "WHAT?" but I love, love, love Orlando and its parks, Disney, Universal, Sea World... but I have a new found love for roller coasters (who knew?) and was told this was the mecca. Finally we made it here. We got in late - an hour before closing, so we got the tickets for the rest of the season and decided to roam around to get to know the park so we could hit it early the next morning. OK, call me an idiot, but I was walking around going "Busch?" and pointing out to my hubby that the logo to Anhauser - Busch logo was on the faucets in the bathroom (bear with me, we had been driving for hours, were tired and it was 8PM). We saw the documentary "Beer Wars" recently and I was like dude, is this an AB park? As I walk around with my Stone Brewery t-shirt that says "Fizzy Yellow Beer Is For Wussies".. I swore I was going to get kicked out. Who knew? Not me. So next day I carefully avoided said tshirt..... man, this place rocks. On Tuesday night we did try out Gwazi (not a fan, I realized I HATE wooden coasters) and Montu. Which is now on my top 2. LOVE IT! The park is very nice, you don't feel like you are in a 'park' most of the time. More like a zoo. Unfortunately the next day there was a tropical storm in the morning and flooded a couple of things so we couldn't go on the train or the Rhino ride, but hey - NO PROBLEM. I got to see the Clydesdales (they are soooo sweet), the animals, and we rode SheiKra, Montu (YAY), Kumba (awesomeness) and the sky ride. The park is virtually spotless, and the attitude of the employees is for the most part very good. The food as in any park is overpriced but hey, what do you expect. I do love a park that encourages beer drinking! The few cons though, getting around is a bit confusing and long, and the decor is very kitch Lion King 90's. Otherwise, I AM A FAN! I will be back very soon to ride Montu and Kumba.
I've gone to Busch Gardens once a year for the past several years and I love it! The park is beautiful and well maintained. Staff is friendly. The prices are a lot less exorbitant than prices at Disney and the park and atmosphere is more laid back. You can walk around and enjoy the animals and exhibits or go crazy on the roller coasters if you're into the rides. There's a tram to take you from the parking lot to the park. There used to be free beer school and unlimited beer if you were smart to hit up a variety of the bartenders but I believe you now have to pay. Darn! At least now I'm not running to the bathroom every 10 minutes from all the free beer. :) Fun park for adults and kids. A lot less crowded than Disney and overall more enjoyable in my opinion. Fun decorations around Christmastime, too!
A true gem for the Bay area. World class amenities right here in west central Florida. Top-tier roller coasters, an African zoo, well organized, and properly maintained. If you skip the Orlando park scene, then give Busch Gardens a day. On the other hand, if you do visit the Orlando theme park machine, Busch Gardens deserves your opinion. Either way, you won't regret it. Born and raised in Tampa. I've watched this park grow and evolve. From literally a garden on the grounds of a now defunct brewery, to a world-class roller coaster theme park, Busch Gardens has always entertained every age, class, creed and taste. There is way more to do at the park then you can fit into a day, which is one reason why locals like me keep coming back. The roller coasters are a blast, but if the place is busy go see the animals or a show. Bring the young kids to the sesame street themed kids park or treat the family to a meal at the crown colony house with it's safari based decor. Albeit expensive, but even the shops have unique gifts for the folks back home. Whether you're in town for the weekend or live a couple miles away, the park does a fantastic job of mixing it up and keeping the entertainment fresh for families of any size. Don't hesitate to give them a try if you're thinking about having a great day of fun!
From the POV of a tourist / parent of two girls, ages 7 & 8: we had a *great* day at Busch Gardens. Jungala was a BIG hit with my kids. They easily spent 2.5 hours climbing around. They rode the treetop zip line gliders a dozen times. And the animal experiences in this area are *amazing*: Get face-to-face - literally - with a tiger, just inches away behind a thick plate of glass. Ditto for a gharial (like a crocodile), flying foxes (huge bats), gibbons. Really, really cool. TIP: if it's hot and you have kids, have them wear bathing suits under their clothes. There are two water play areas in Jungala - one for tots and one for older kids. The park was really quiet overall, especially (I have to guess) for spring break. Granted, we weren't going on big rollercoasters, but our longest wait for anything was under 10 minutes. Many things we just walked right on. My advice would be to arrive later (10-11ish) and stay til close. Ride operators indicated that the crush of "Orlando people" tend to come at open and leave by 4. There was literally " -0- minutes wait" for even the big roller coasters toward the end of the day. OTHER TIP: Safari experiences cost extra, and they didn't look worth it. After having spent $300 on admissions & parking, we were not interested in dropping another $50 on a jeep ride. No one in our party had a lesser time because of it. We felt we got good peeks at the "Serengeti" animals via the skyride & train. Only downside was that the entrance to each "land" is not super-obvious, and the wayfinding leaves a bit to be desired. Pay good attention to your park map, or you could really miss a lot or waste tons of time seeking out bathrooms. Great overall. Clean, well maintained, beautiful greenery & lots of shade, Jungala area fills the bill for ages 6-10. Yay, BG! PS: Yeah, brewery appears to be gone, and your no-longer-free Bud will cost you $7. The Clydesdales are still there, though, which are the only bits of the Busch legacy that my family was interested in.
I love this park...  Oh how I love thee. Let me count the ways. 1. I love you because you are not afraid to shake up or scare your guests The Howl O Scream is so much scarier than Universal it is scary.  The roller coasters are fantastic unlike the wimpy things at Disney and the few somewhat anemic ones at Universal.  And they serve beer and liquor all over. 2. I love you because there are no cutsy singing animals.   You have real lions, and tigers, and well no bears but almost.  And I stared one in the eye and it tried to eat me.  Awesomeness!  And don't worry, there was a fence in the way.  Now the rhinos chasing the train is another story. 3.  I love you because of the free concerts. And they get some good bands too.  Real classic rock banks like Lynard Skynard (sorry for the spelling if it is wrong) are there all the time.  And did I mention that they don't cost any more? 4. I love you for being reasonably priced.   Unlike any other amusement park, I can get an anual pass for a reasonable price.  As a local it makes sense because I get discounts of food, beer, booze, souvineers, and get in any time I want.  When going to the Park to drink and look at the African Savannah costs me less than going to Ybor or Hyde Park, they are definately doing something right. 5.  I love you because of the coasters. Did I mention that they are not afraid to shake you up?  The coasters are awesome.  Even the wooden one will make you want to kiss the ground and then hop back on for another ride.  And frankly the only one I don't love is the new Cheetah Hunt.  It is BORING since it is long and fast with few turns, drops, or loops.   Really it is hard not to like.  It lacks the polish of Disney and Universal but that is actually what makes it fun.  It is not antiseptic like other places.  This is real and raw and, well, fun. I had an annual pass last year.  I will get another this year.  I think that it is money well spent.
I grew up going to Busch Gardens... We almost always had season passes, and I began to take it for granted. I went a couple times during college and fell in love with it allll over again. BG is pretty much like an above-average zoo that also has roller coasters. It definitely feels quite a bit less "fake" than the parks in Orlando. I DO have to get on a soap box for a minute: There used to be an actual Anheuser Busch brewery in the middle of the park! I have found memories of smelling the sweet malt exiting the smokestacks and taking the tour and watching the tremendous canning/bottling lines. Then they closed it to save money. You could still get 2 free samples of beer at the park though, which was quite nice. Now, as of a few weeks before this writing...that too, has ceased. Anheuser Busch's new owners (InBev, a Belgian brewing conglomerate) saw too it that the free beer samples were nixed. The "beer school" is over now too :( I hear they are now looking to sell Busch Gardens. What a sad story of what used to be the biggest American brewery. They used to have notices posted throughout the park reminding you that they were the only 100% American-owned large brewery in the US.
One of my favorite theme parks in the South!! Family friendly, loads of animals and tons of thrills to be found. If visiting during the summer, be prepared for Florida's daily afternoon showers. It's always wise to pack a poncho just in case. Also, I'm not one for roller coasters, and I love this park because while I'm waiting for my friends to ride there is always something to see or watch close by their attractions. Also, great entertainment within the park as well. Make sure you take the time to catch the shows.
I'm told that, according to the Travel Channel, the ShieKra is the #1 roller coaster in the country.  I must say that IT...WAS...AWESOME!!!  Pretty scary to look at, with the 90 degree drop I almost wussed out, but after some name calling by my supportive friend, I had to give it a shot! The rest of the park is almost like a zoo...lots and lots of animals (turtles...YAY!!!) to look at and learn about.  You also have the opportunity to look at the famous Budweiser Clydesdales and Sprint, the Budweiser donkey from the commercials.   The other couple roller coasters that I went on were really fun, as well.  They rode very smoothly, which is always a plus in my book.  You also have a chance (which I missed) to sample beer...for free...and become and Anheiser Busch Brewmaster.  I was really looking forward to this, but the timing was all off.  And we had a really small child with our group.  It makes me sad. Food is expensive and not great, so be prepared to sacrifice an arm, leg, and some other valued body part perhaps.  Or, snack throughout the day so you don't have to go for the full meal. I'd visit again, even if only for the free beer!
I have never been to a Busch Gardens before, but I LOVE amusement parks and roller coasters. My husband and I were lucky enough to go on an overcast day, so we basically walked right into the park and onto every ride. The first ride we went on - SheiKra - was by far the best of the day, and possibly the best roller coaster I've ever been on! The first drop, where you're basically hanging vertically at the top? Whoa Nelly!!! We didn't get to go on every ride, as it started raining about an hour and a half before the park closed and one or two were closed for maintenance anyway (note to park employees: do NOT tell guests that a ride is having technically difficulties and that it will probably be open later in the day!). Beware the River Rapids: we thought we'd get a bit soaked but ended up DRENCHED. We looked as if we jumped in. We were so uncomfortable, we ended up buying a change of clothes at the park! (Only to then get rained on...) Our biggest complaint was the employees. You could tell that most of them did not want to be there/did not care about their job/were just waiting for the day to end. No one was mean, but most of them were just very nonchalant and sort of brushed us off and went back to their cell phones/friends. Our other complaint was that there's no quick way to get around. When it started pouring, we had to run back to the locker where we'd stored our stuff. Yet to get to the locker and back to the exit, we basically had to walk the ENTIRE park. There should be one or two "shortcut" trails for situations like this. I wouldn't have minded the long walk - it's good to get exercise - but it was annoying in this situation. Another complaint: you can't bring bags on ANY rides, so you need to pay for a locker. If you don't want to pay 50 cents every time you go on another ride, you can keep your stuff in the same locker, but then you are without everything and have to run back to it every time you need something. VERY annoying. Ultimately we had a great time and the rides were good (one or two were great), but we don't feel the need to ever go back.
Analogy time!  Busch Gardens Tampa is to Busch Gardens Williamsburg as Danny Devito is to Arnold Schwarzenegger in Twins.  It's Frank Stallone.  It's the hot chick's younger sister who's got a peg leg and a lazy eye. The coasters looked interesting, but either hurt like hell (Gwazi, and I like the Cyclone in Coney Island), made me and my boy sick (Kumba) or were just boring (Sheikra).  Even on an empty empty Monday, it wasn't worth it as so many of the rides were just bad.   Never to mentioned in the same sentence as Cedar Point or BG Williamsburg, even Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson NJ is a bit better.  This park is just older, massively laid out with long walks from ride to ride, and the rides themselves are just less than good.  Sheikra looks cool and is great in concept, but once the first drop happens after the hang, it's very pedestrian.  Montu, on the other side of the world, is almost identical to Batman at Six Flags Great Adventure, which first came out in 1993.   When entering Rhino Rally, the driver said "Lower your heads and your expectations"  I wish I had done more than that for the entire park.
Love Busch Gardens! I used to work here 20 years ago, and wow has it ever changed over the years. I miss the "Python" roller coaster, but the new coasters will definitely rock your world! Seeing all the animals is great, and the new show in the Moroccan Palace Theater, Iceploration, looks like it belongs in Las Vegas -- very polished and professional. My only complaint is that one day just isn't enough time to see and do everything. I would like to see them stay open a little later than 6:00. On the bright side, they sell beer at several locations throughout the park, and although $6 is rather steep for a Bud, a few of those make the screaming kids a lot easier to bear!
I just don't care for Busch Gardens. Probably because I'm so spoiled as disney passholder, but maybe not. Gwazi, as others have said, will beat the hell out of you during the ride. This is really shotty workmanship. Shiekra, I don't do, I'm too scared and Yes I will readily admit it. The animal exhbits are always nice to see but the politcally correct side of me screams out "what are those poor cheetahs doing out at 11 at night under a roller coaster of screaming people?!" "how many antelope died during transporatation here?" Oh..the horrors to be found when one looks. So put that aside, the food is disgusting here, The drinks limited, although better then they used to be. The price, way too much for a small adventure like this. I suppose if your a coaster fanatic and want to ride them all day it might do, but really not more than that.
Busch Gardens is a very unique theme park and a must see for any family visiting Tampa. We got a two day ticket to Busch Gardens and visited on a Friday and Monday in early May.   The park was pretty crowded with students on field trips on Friday, but Monday's crowd was extremely light.   On of the park employees told us said they were only expecting 5000 people and the weather was beautiful. There is really something for everyone here - very thrilling roller coasters (maybe 6 of them - not sure because we didn't ride them).   A good third of the park is a big open park area with all the usual zoo animals.  The grounds are very well kept snd it seems to be a pretty decent setting for the animals.  We were esoecially impressed with the space set aside for chimps and gorillas, but it was all pretty impressive and comparable to the best zoos I've been to (including Sand Diego, St. Louis and Omaha, all pretty well-regarded zoo's).
Busch Gardens Tampa earned a new level of respect from my last visit last November - see, I had always looked upon it as a theme park not quite themed as well as its sibling in Williamsburg, VA, but not quite as lowly as say, a run-of-the-mill amusement park.  However, as I exited the skyway ride, we came upon a covered area that detailed the history of the park, through the years (I am always a sucker for retro stuff) which showed its progression and changes - bascially, the park it is today is a result of changing attitudes, tourist cycles and ownership - it's almost like an evolutionary canvas that is yet to be complete. While that might sound new-agey and weird, it did give me a better understanding and made me look beyond the sometimes forced-feeling as you pass from the different 'African' themes in the park.  I had never realized how old the park was, and when I learned that, it actually made me appreciate it a lot more. Sure, most visitors are going to just sprint past the smaller details en route to Sheikra (which is pretty neat in itself) - if you have the time and patience to really tour the park, you'll see the love that's in the construction and landscaping...I mean, I had thought of the giant Plantation house as ostentascious, but when I looked further into its history, it didn't seem quite so random! As other area attractions go, don't be disuaded by nonchalant theme park workers - they're good and bad ones, all not paid enough to do the hard work they have to do - and just go and enjoy!
We mainly went to Busch Gardens for the Lunch with Elmo that they offer. We hurried threw the park to find the Elmo and friends area and then realized that we had scheduled the previous Thursday, we talked to the manager and they had no problem getting us in to the lunch that day. I felt like they helped out really well in our time of need. The lunch with Elmo and friends was incredible, Both my daughter wife and I loved it tremendously. The food was great and the characters were awesome. They really took a long time in the heat and everything to spend time with all the kids. On to the rest of the park, I love roller coasters and this place has plenty of them. Unfortunately I didn't ride any, I had a serious headache from a sinus infection, but the ride looked totally awesome. The one great thing we did was ride the Train ride around the park. I think the one thing I was not into was the lack of merchandising, the lack of things to look through was ridiculous. Other than that I loved Busch Gardens and would definitely go back.
Great park!  There is a coaster here that takes your breath away out of fear.  I loved it!!  Sheikra!  This thing is a floorless coaster that takes you on the craziest ride.  Possibly the scariest part is the first hill.  That is one huge drop and right up into a loop.  Check it out on You Tube if you want a glipse... youtube.com/watch?v=DFZ_… The other coaster that is worth riding is Cheetah Run.  Smooth!   We opted for the all you can eat along with the day pass and i do think it was worth it.   It's been a couple of weeks now but I believe it was about $10 extra for the all you can eat wrist band.  Parking was another cost- again it's been a couple weeks but I think it was about $15.  Book your tickets online and there is a small savings and skip the lines at the gate go to the quick print on the right side of the gates.   FUN DAY!!
If you like roller coasters this is the place for you.  Lots of em.  Fast ones. I'm not too much of a roller coaster person, so I really come for the ambiance and the animals.  I like being up close to them and being around the scenery. You know what, I cannot write about the food right now. . .too upsetting.  Maybe another time when I'm not as affected.  It's just not right. I will just have to visit again and re-write this some other time.  More than one ride was shut down when we tried to ride.  It was super cold the day I went, and did not ride much because I did not want to be on anything that would create wind. I had to get used to paying for things here too.  I mean, the tickets are not cheap, and it seems you have to keep paying to ride certain things too.  IDK, I just need a do over for this park.
The roller coasters are quite exhilarating here at the gardens of Busch.  That's about it though.  The Sheikra coaster is my fave, as it dives 90 degrees down.  Love it! This is definitely a second rate amusement park as the service is lacking.  Every employee looks miserable here and they let you know it!  Huge difference between the attitudes displayed here and with a Disney World/Universal Studios.  Turn off! The food is boring and simplistic as you would expect a second rate amusement park's food to be.  Nothing new, nothing exciting, just blah!   If you're looking for a full theme park experience, go to Universal Studios or Walt Disney World.  If you're just looking to kill some time with some cool coasters, come to Busch Gardens for one day @ $74.99 and get the rest of the year free.  Although, they do make you wait in line before you leave to get the rest of the year free.
I love Busch Gardens amusement park. Tampa's best known attraction I would say. Great place to go make memories, enjoy your families, and have a thrilling time with your friends. Rides, Animals, and Food! What else can you ask for? Simply when from personal experience every time I go to Busch Gardens I walk out with a smile on my face.
Awesome!  Even in the rain!  We got a great deal on annual passes.  10% off everything In the park as well!
Busch Gardens is a great tourist attraction, with enough roller coasters and lines to keep you occupied for most of the day. The theme park experiences a very different number of visitors each day, so some days you may not have to wait at all for rides, then other days you may be waiting for an hour or maybe more time than that. The season passes are a pretty good deal, but you will get tired of the rides pretty quick, and it's hot everywhere around this park, it's mostly outdoors. There's a big section for little kids to play in, the biggest playground I have ever seen. Service is pretty decent in the park and you really do not need to interact with workers too much, unless you are buying something to eat. The shows that they have are great for tourists or if you need to cool down under the air conditioning. The food is delicious, but you'll have to fork over a ton of money for it. My favorite thing to get is the corn dogs and french fries in Timbuktu with a drink, which can total seven to ten dollars. They also have a restaurant inside this huge establishment that is pretty good, though still pretty expensive. They adopted an awesome buffet about a year ago. The biggest attraction is the fairly new ride Sheikra. It is pretty exciting the first couple of times you ride it, especially the first time so don't miss it. Kumba and Montu follow in ride quality. The main thing people like about Montu is your feet hang so it feels different.
I looooove roller coasters so I was excited that husby and I had the opportunity to come here during our recent trip to Florida.  I am not sure what it is like normally but since it was around the holidays and a bit chilly, the park was pretty empty! They do have a good number of roller coasters and my favorite was Shreikra.  I also enjoyed Kumba and the other newer loop-de-loop roller coaster.  It was too cold for the water rides but we did see some brave souls on them.  However, they absolutely need to get rid of the wooden roller coaster!  I literally was afraid we were going to fly off the track and it was so bouncy, I thought my head was going to snap right off the top of my spine.  I used to love American Eagle at Six Flags in IL and that was made of wood so I am not sure what is going on with this one. They also had animals and a ski-lift type ride, as well as a "safari" ride.  I saw some bands play and they even had an ice skating show that was Christmas themed, which was pretty good! The park was very clean and well kept.  I think this is definitely a good place to spend the day!
Great roller coasters here! Lots of locals. I purchased a safari (+ ~30$) in addition to our day at Busch Gardens and it was amazing. We got VERY close to giraffes, fed them, and they even kissed some of us :) Unfortunately we lost our camera at this theme park. We filed a claim and if they find the camera, they would send it back to us for free, which is really nice of them. They ended up finding it, but it was smashed and the memory card and battery was missing :( All I wanted was the memory card because my entire trip was on there. Their "fast pass" system can use some improvement though. For about 30 (I think , I kinda forgot the price) you get to cut the line to all their major rides just once and if you want to cut the line an unlimited amount of times you have to pay more. I visited in early June and arrived when it opened. We purchased the fast pass thinking it was going to be extremely crowded. It was a waste of money. It did seem crowded but the lines were of no wait (barely any) for most of the rides. The only ride you would REALLY need it for is Shreika which  had the longest line. Should probably ride that one first :)
I'm super lucky to be so close to this gem. I love coasters, and it's great to have em so close to home. Yea, three of em suck bad. So? Have some more beer and ride again, it gets better. You pansy. For a parkful of better rides,head to Ohio. Our Florida weather, and  Southern Hospitality make this place great. Oh, and turkey legs and BBQ dont hurt either.
Coming from CA, I couldn't help but compare Busch Gardens to Great America. Both parks have: - relatively cheap tickets, and with Busch Gardens, military get in for free once a year! - short lines during low season - Top Gun = Montu = favorite rides - Rip Roaring Rapids = Congo River Rapids - expensive food - cheesy themed kids zones Busch Gardens does have the zoo aspect, but I feel Great America has more roller coasters. Overall great fun for roller coaster thrill seekers.
Came with my non-ride oriented family. It was OK. Part of a package, so no major loss, but would probably not do it again. We lapped the place in about three hours. Here's some random thoughts. Busch gardens Tampa is squeezed into the middle of suburbia. Be aware that you will park in another block, due to the roads, and take a tram in. Allow for the time and be aware of the impact if you want to lunch away from the $10 fried meals. In the off season, one tram worked back and forth, so it took a while. The park had a lot of great animal enclosures. The cheetah run was awesome. They really run! Most standard zoo fare is there. Did the rhino run which was pretty cheesy. Way too many scripted puns with little enthusiasm, way short, not much wildlife. They cut out parts some of the riders enjoyed a few years back. The kids loved the rapids, but again nothing new there. Little maniacs also enjoyed putting in quarters to squirt the riders. However, they don't mark the jets to the buttons so watch someone first or plan to waste your first investment. The advice here about the maze is really true. They make a significant effort that you don't easily find your way. Forget about even trying to find your way by map. The map will show one thoroughfare which is really a series of different paths. Go ahead and download a GPS Busch Gardens Guide. There's a free one that was amazing. The GPS enabled map was a god send. Even tracked ride times. Not really helpful to us, but maybe for you.
The overall park was nice and clean maintained park. What I liked was that it incorporated shows, zoo, and rides into one theme park. The staff friendly that you can speak to to ask for help or places to go. Some places have rude staff or staff that did want to be there. Not Busch Gardens, most if them greet you. We took the train ride that was relaxing and took a break from walking. Had lunch there which was expensive but that was expected at any heme park. The Pantopia Grill had entertainment and air conditioning. It was the nice park to visit in he Tampa area or if you want to take a ride from Orlando. The rise was 1-1.5 hour drive which was not too bad.
My family and I went to Busch Gardens over Christmas. We got our tickets through AAA, which included a free meal one day and an extra day for free. We actually went on both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, trying to gauge when it would be the least crowded. Despite the time of year, the weather was nice and definitely doable- not scorching. The good: - Roller coasters. Sheikra and Jungala are probably the best coasters in the park. Sheikra is definitely terrifying, but the front row is worth the wait!! Same on Jungala- which was my favorite by far. It's less flashy, but definitely a very intense ride- do NOT ride it if you are prone to getting sick on rides, it is not forgiving. The Cheetah Hunt is the newest, and the longest wait. Try it to experience it, but you'll find others that are better. Walk over into Egypt and ride Montu. There is almost no wait, and it is a better coaster, though not as good as the first two. - Foliage. I know it's Busch "Gardens" but the entire park is LUSH. It is very well done, and if you stop to notice once in a while, you'll see carefully done scapes featuring exotic plants and some very creative displays. Overall, it's just nice to walk through an amusement park that features such opulent, well-planned and well-taken care of landscaping. - Serengeti train ride. It's awesome to see captive animals live this way and most animal attractions should feature this imo. The train ride through the park takes about 30 minutes, but the best part is riding through the open enclosure, African Serengeti plains habitat. Herds of different varieties of antelope, giraffes and even some rhino roam free in a beautifully designed exhibit. There's even a pond with some hippo, I believe, but they weren't out when we rode through. The bad: - The zoo. The enclosures are nice, and well-planned for the most part, but I question the placement of exotic animals right next to massive roller coaster machines that do nothing but zoom around full of screaming people all day. The animals seem not to care anymore, but it doesn't seem like a calm environment. Wildlife should not be thought of as a theme park attraction, and Busch Gardens isn't doing much to dispel this idea. One thing that stuck out at me was the gorilla enclosure. It's WRONG to keep animals that share more than 97% of our DNA as captives for our viewing pleasure. Wrong. There's the argument that this is the only way people will see these animals and care about them, but these exhibits aren't educating the public about these animals. (I watched people bang on the glass walls of the enclosure like they do on the outside of a fish tank, and a girl ran up to the glass and screamed "monkey!") There are a few plaques on the walls with some facts about the animals that obviously no one reads. There's no biologist, no handler around to provide information. Nothing. People walk on through on their way to the next ride. Busch Gardens also makes a few mentions of its dedication to wildlife conservation, and while that may be true, keep in mind this is the same theme park conglomerate that owns SeaWorld. And the same corporate methodology of profiting off of captive killer whales (if you saw Blackfish), applies to profiting off of captive cheetahs, tigers, gibbons, gorillas, and so on. - The food. Busch Gardens is hands-down the WORST food experience at an amusement park I have ever had. On both days! Almost every food vendor features a cafeteria-style eatery that will take an enormous amount of time to wait through. Even with plenty of hands on deck, the staff are incredibly slow and apathetic. The food sucks obviously, it's an amusement park (!), but I would avoid the big eateries if at all possible and try to grab lunch at a stall. Better to spend your time enjoying the park you came to have fun in, than in one of its mismanaged, shitty cafeterias.
So, here's the thing. If you have grown up in Southern California and been a frequent visitor of the San Diego Zoo and the San Diego Wild Animal park, then the "zoo" aspect of Busch Gardens is pretty lacking. And if you have grown up going to Disneyland and Magic Mountain, then the roller coaster aspect of Busch Gardens is also pretty lame, as nothing is "themed" out at all and the coasters aren't as good. So, compared to these other parks, Busch Gardens is mediocre at best. If you have NOT been to these other parks, then it will probably seem pretty cool. I was also little surprised at the cost (especially considering the fact that this park is so mediocre) - $77 per adult ticket, plus a $5 fee per person (WTF?). That is on top of the $13 for parking. That puts them at $6 more per ticket than Disneyland and $43 MORE per ticket than the San Diego Zoo. WAY overpriced. And the park isn't even that big. So, we were pretty disappointed.
Busch Gardens, there's a reason Disney makes more money than you. Just spent an extremely hot day at Busch Gardens.  Let me get the good out of the way. Trams to ge to/from the parking lot are very efficient. There are a fair amount of animals to look at. We saw the male gorilla cuddle with one of the females as she tried to bite him. It was quite the soap opera.  The roller coasters also made for some really funny pictures (that we did not buy due to the ridiculous pricing). Now the bad, a lunch that consisted of 2 cheeseburger platters & 2 beer was almost $40. That is just outrageous.  Kangaroo food is only sold at certain times. Cheetah Run isn't all that great. Don't even think if taking a picture with your phone of one if the roller coaster pics, not allowed. Misters? For what? Still hot as Satan's balls. From now on Disney it is!
Ok!!! Where do I starts??? I have been to Busch Garden many times but this was my first time to Busch Garden for the Christmas Town event!!! My hubby n I planned the whole weekend trip with our children.. We got room at the Hyatt place.. We were really excited to see some cool Christmas stuff.. We were willing to paid the full price too but glad we didn't.( groupon offered half off tickets) thanks groupon:). I loved the lights!!! It was really pretty!! My children was looking forward to some snow fun but was disappointed in how small the actual area really were.. The waiting was crazy.. You get a beeper.. Most waiting time was 45 to 1 hour n 20 mins..the event itself was 5 hours!!!.. So you can imagine there is not much to do if you have to wait around!!! After 20 mins, we left snow play area.. Didn't have time.. We also bypassed the Santa house cuz over an hour wait!!! Other people was complaining as they waited over an hour n not been call in to see Santa himself:(. Other than that the roller coaster.. No waiting time.. My 12 years old son got on n off rather fast.. He got to go on all the rides that he couldn't during normal hours.. He was happy:) We took family pictures with those photographers.. Only one was in the system.. How disappointing!!! N we left at closing time!!! Not worth it if you are paying full price!!!
We went here during Christmastown so our experience isn't the full experience.  It was dark so when we rode the train around the park we could only see silhouettes of the zebras and giraffes.  It was pretty neat to see the silhouettes against the dark sky with the moon in the background.  To make up for the lack of animal sightings, they had everyone sing Christmas carols as they rode.  FUN! We also rode three roller coasters.  I'll start with the worst one: Gwazi...  I knew when I heard the 'clank, clank clank' of the track that I was going to hate it and I was right on!  Talk about Whip Lash. My body hurt when I exited the ride! Shiekra...be ready to scream!  The hills are very tall and you go straight down a couple of times.  I'm pretty sure my heart was in my head a few times!  I was shaking when I exited this one. Cheetah Hunt...my favorite.  Right when you get on the ride you hear the sound of air being pressurized and then it shoots the cars out like a cannon.  After that is one large hill and then the rest are tons of small hills closer to the ground and an underground tunnel.  I would much rather ride this than any of the others.  It's fast, and I felt like a Cheetah for the whole minute I was on the ride!
I was excited to go to Busch Gardens because I'd gotten tired of riding kiddie rides at Disney World. It's time for some roller coaster actions!! Yeah!!! I didn't mind having to drive about an hour from my hotel in Orlando into Tampa Bay.  I went on a Monday so the park would be open by 9:00 AM and close by 7:00 PM. My plan of attack was to get there as early as possible so I wouldn't have to stand so long in lines because roller coaster lines are ALWAYS long, mmkay?   I had purchased my tickets online because it's actually cheaper by $10 per ticket. Also, you get a 2nd day entry ticket for free. However, I didn't opt for the 2nd day ticket. Instead, I decided to pay an additional $10 per ticket to get the "All Day dining" deal.  I checked inside the park and the all day dining coupon would cost you $32.95 + tax per person. So this was pretty awesome. You. Yes, you. Take note. Check online first before buying tickets at the gate. Anyway... me being me, and my sister being her... we left our hotel kind of late. So we didn't get to the park until around 9:30 AM. No problem, right?? We paid $14.00 to park, and then we took the tram to the gate. We redeemed our tickets and on we went into the park!! FUN TIME!  I (tried to) ran to the first ride, Cheetah hunt. But my sister kind of slowed me down because... well, she's slow... so by the time we got there at around 10:00 Am, the wait time was approximately 70 minutes. No worries... I knew I was going to be waiting in lines. However... after around 20 minutes waiting in line, I heard that dreaded announcement over the loud speaker, "Cheetah Hunt is experiencing technical difficulties and will be temporarily closed. We don't know how long it will take until the problem is resolved. Yada, yada, yada, blah, blah, blah" Dissapointed, we decided to ride something else... so we went to the closest coaster from there, Scorpion. We waited in lines for 10 minutes... and then we heard  the announcement, "due to incoming weather, Scorpion is temporarily shut down" At this point I was like, "WTF?!?!?! Seriously?!?!?!" while looking up to see perfectly clear skies with the sun shining down on me, giving me a butt-ugly tan line on my arms and on my face in the shape of my sunglasses!! Anyway, this weather crap goes on for around, hmmm let's see, FOUR HOURS!!!!!!! Yes, I had to wait for four hours before I actually got to ride anything!!! Yes, it finally drizzled a little bit, but there was no storm, no high wind, no nothing.  Okay, just to be fair, there were some lightnings, but I didn't think I was going to get zapped on the ride. We didn't get to ride our first ride, Scorpion, until around 2:00 PM. And at this point, I knew that if I wanted to ride all the roller coasters, I'd have to get the quick queue pass. Another $35 for each rider.  However, after this point, everything was great. No more waiting in lines. Each ride took us maybe 10 - 20 minutes max. However the park was pretty big, and the sun was scorching. We stayed until closing time. Of course, I wanted to make sure that we took advantage of the dining deal so we had carrot cakes, lots of bottled water, chicken strips, grilled chicken sandwich, etc.  The dining deal also gives you 50% off the food vendors all over the park. But I only wanted free food so no, I didn't get a churro even though I wanted one. A half price churro would still cost you $2!! It's only $1 at Costco, mmkay? Anyway, except for the rides being shut down and the fact that I had to wait four hours before my first ride. Tampa is pretty fun for roller coaster rides. It's no Cedar Point, but it's goof for now. P.S. The wet rides WILL get you SOAKED!!!! I'd save these rides for last.
We've gone to Florida for family vacations a number of times over the last 12 years.  We have always been true to the Mouse and never ventured elsewhere.  Now that we have become new Florida residents we thought it was time to try some of the other theme parks.   I was a little less than impressed when we first got there.  There isn't a very good flow by the entrance/exit.  At first the park seemed kinda cheesy to me.  Then we made our way back and got to explore everything and I was changing my mind.  I was starting to like the look and feel of it. It was hard when you have Disney standards.  I just accepted it for what it was.  It's not a theme park, but an amusement park. Plus it was late in the evening and it doesn't have that fresh feel as it did when we went the next morning. There are things at Busch Gardens that you just can't get at Disney and if you want roller coasters this is where you go.  I enjoy coasters, but these are too extreme for me.  I did love Montu and road it a few times.  I did not get the courage to ride SheiKra.  Though my kids road it three times and loved it. When we went the next morning it was a much nicer experience. Walking in with the morning sun with few people is nice.  The park was clean and we had a good sense of where everything was.   All in all we had a nice day at Busch Gardens.  We hit the coasters and got to ride on them a number of times.  The weather was perfect for going on the water rides.  We all enjoyed the Cirque Dreams performance and our animal experiences.  We enjoyed learning about elephants. I would say the things that really impressed us were the coasters, the train ride around the savannah, the performance, the amount of shade, the music, and the animals. While my kids are tweens & teens it did seem like what they offered for families with young children was really nice. I do wish a few things were different including the lay out.  Once I got the hang of it, it wasn't a problem.  You couldn't cut through the park; rather you had to walk around to get to where you are going.  The crowd can be interesting at times, but you know it is what it is.  It seemed as if the majority of the seating that I saw was designated for smokers.  It would be nice if there was as much shaded seating for those who don't smoke. Our family really enjoyed our day and we will probably go a handful of times throughout the year.  The new Cheetah Hunt Coaster coming looks amazing!  We can't wait to try it.
A little pricy for entrance and food and drink, but what amusement park isn't? Busch Gardens has a handful of exceptional roller coasters, a scattering of water rides, and several options for children--especially the new Sesame Street themed section. The staff is friendly and accommodating.  There are several food options, including restaurants and concession stands.   The park has most of your standard amusement park attractions--though I don't recall seeing a Ferris Wheel.  In addition, they have Safari options and several shows. There is a train that circles the entire park with several stops to make getting around the park a bit easier.  They also have a sky ride that will take you from one end of the park to another. Unfortunately, the brewery is long since gone, and they don't seem to have the beer school anymore either.
I don't remember when was the last time I had this much fun at a theme park.  But ok, I think we were EXTREMELY lucky.  First of all, my husband and I have annual passes.  So we basically know that we can walk out of the park if the line was too long, gets too hot... start raining etc.  Anyways, we went the weekend that the weather forecasting a huge storm coming lol... but it didn't bother us cause we were gonna be in Tampa that weekend anyway, and we figured, it it starts to storm, we'll just leave the park and come back another time. Ok, that out of the way, the day we went, the weather was BEAUTIFUL.  We got there when the park opened its doors, so we were among the first to go in and get on any rides we want.  And with the weather forecast and school just started, there were hardly anyone there.  The line was less than 20 min at most! We are both huge roller coaster fans, so we, of course, went on all the major rides and then went on them multiple times.  The roller coasters were soooo much fun.   Our two favs were the Cheetah (for it's smooth and quick speed ups) and SheiKra (hanging and dropping straight 90 degrees).  We must have gone on both rides about 3-4 times each.  For both rides, especially the SheiKra, it's well worth the wait to sit first row/cart. Our annual passes ran out, but I think we'll have to revisit Busch Garden in the future.
I will preface this review by saying I may be slightly biased, I receive two free annual passes every year because my father works at the park. Busch Gardens is one of my favorite parks. There is a great assortment of rides, animal attractions, and shows. As far as rides go, BG is a must for roller coaster fans. I'd rate it as probable having the best roller coasters in the southeast, and BG gives the rest of the parks in the country a run for their money. The best part about the coasters is they have varying degrees. You can start out on one of the older slower coasters, giving new riders a taste of the fun, and work your way up to faster, more intense experiences. The rest of the rides in the park are all fun, wait times are fairly short, and most importantly, the rides all appear clean and upkept. I love BG for the animal attractions. The Edge of Africa area has some really unique animal exhibits, and you can really get up close to some of the animals. The new animal nursery/surgery area is really neat also, and again, its fun to get right up near the animals. The variety of animals at the park have decreased over the years, but for the past several years, BG has maintained the animal exhibits at a fairly steady level. The only reason that I am not giving BG five stars, is for the restaurant selection. Like any theme park, there is your selection of quick walk through lines if you want to just grab lunch and go. Sadly, there is only one really sit down option, the Crown Colony House. Now don't get me wrong, the Crown Colony House is great, and the family style meal option is perfect for big families. I would like maybe one or two more options though, just for some variety. Overall BG is an excellent park and I make sure to visit several times a year.
Busch gardens, while clean and organized, is not at all what it used to be. We went on a Tuesday during February school vacation with the kids. We looked online for discounted tickets and we're not able to find any, so we used our AAA card for $5 off each ticket. Sadly, that didn't make much of a dent in the price - we paid approximately $370 for a day of disappointments. First off, while this sounds petty, it became important throughout our day, the map sucked. It was not designed to actually help navigate the park. I won't go into detail, but just be prepared to spend a lot of time staring at it and not really knowing which way to turn to get where you want to go. We were with our two kids, age 4 and 10. We were really looking forward to a ride we could go on together, which was almost impossible to find, unless you want to ride the little kid rides in the Sesame Street area over and over again. The Congo River Rapids was closed, which was one of the few rides we would have been able to go on together. Apparently it had been closed for several weeks, and they did not know when it would open again. My husband made a good point: we paid a ton of money -- and they can't fix their rides more efficiently? This is their business, it should be top priority to fix the rides that are broken. There were quite a few incredible looking roller coasters - though we would have to ride those separately, since the kids couldn't go on them... But that was to be expected.   Sesame Street was good, and it was nice that they had the characters available to take pictures with. In all, we spent $370 for the four of us, which was just the tip of the iceberg. They get you for every cent you have when you are in there. They charge for every little thing - beers are $8, a slice of pizza (ONE slice) was $8, and slushy drinks for the kids (NOT in one of their super expensive Busch Gardens plastic tumblers) was $4. Oh, and you can't get a lid for the kids cups. Apparently this is due to the wild life. But it makes no sense, because they have plenty of other items that could be dangerous to the wildlife. How about straws, or beer bottle tops? It just all seemed like a ploy to get you to buy the reusable, and much more expensive, memorabilia cups, which, oh yeah, did I mention they were all out of the kid size at both locations we visited to get one? So it was either an adult size cup - you guessed it - for $8, or a plastic cup without a lid for $4. Caught between wanting to have fun and get a few cups for the kids to bring home and not wanting to feed into their ridiculous money making scam. There were other rides that were closed, but we weren't as sad about those as we were about the Congo river ride. One last point: if you do end up going and you have the time, at least buy the tickets so you can return again (they were the exact same price as the one day tickets - which makes sense I guess because they make so much money off of everyone when they are stuck there to eat and drink away all of their money). You will find that one day isn't really quite enough time to get to a lot of the rides. Especially if it's busy, the wait in line will eat up a lot of your day. And also: the train ride was actually quite good. You could see a lot of the animals - pretty close up. The sky ride was fun for all of us, but you weren't able to see many of the animals from there. The "air Grover" ride in Sesame Street was fun, and it surprised me that it was actually quite fast and a bit scary for smaller kids. Thankfully, our 4 year old is more if a daredevil, when it comes to rides, than our 10 year old.
Fantastic theme park. Amazing roller coasters and pretty awesome safari attractions. Definitely go on an off day for short line waits. Also double check the weather. They will shut down everything at the sight of rain.
Busch Gardens is a blast! The lines are not always too bad and if they are you can purchase a fast pass, skip the lines! Fun family shows although they are mostly for ages 10 and under I'd say. One complaint is I specifically asked at the entrance parking gate, are the rides ready to go based on some hovering clouds and the lady said "yes, the clouds have been hovering all say" well...while taking the tram to the park entrance we noticed no coasters in motion...NOPE rides closed due to weather until further notice! What?!? They really should communicate better at the parking gates. So we grabbed an ice cream watched Madagascar and got soaked coming back to our car. We checked weather channel ap and said cloudy, we had to laugh! Other than that BG is a clean park with great animals to visit. We love the bird area, kangaroos and the fast Cheetahs!
Wow.  How do I begin ?  I grew up near Cedar Point, OH so I know a thrill ride when I see one.  My wife and her family live near Disneyland in CA.  We have been to Disney World and Universal.  Busch Garden is by far the most enjoyable everyday park that I've been to.  We are member pass holders so we get to go anytime we want.  We have developed a relationship with the trainers and staff and got to see the lion and tiger cubs grow up from the day they got there.  We truly love going each week.
Another example of how Busch Gardens produces theme parks far above the national average. Every one of their parks is beautiful, convincingly themed, and packed with amazing rides. The roller coasters are all first-rate: Kumba, Montu, Gwazi, Scorpion, and the newest (which, alas, was added after my last visit) Cheetah Hunt. I found all of them to be thrilling, not too rough on the head or neck (as some coasters can tend to be), and well run (keeping lines to a minimum). Outside of the roller coasters, there are dozens of other thrill rides from the usual suspects you'll find everywhere else to unique safari-like rides you'll only experience here. There's a really cool safari-gone-awry ride that I enjoyed a lot. The African theme is well handled and carried throughout the entire park, and actually turns this into a dual theme park/animal reserve. That ensures that even those who aren't fans of thrill rides will have plenty to do and see. Busch Gardens Tampa is a great park with great rides, definitely worth a visit any time you're in the area or in the mood for an amusement park outing.
My Home Town theme park. What's not to love? You've got a world class zoo, you've got excellent song and dance show. You've got killer rides like Sheikra, Cheetah Hunt and Montu.. All of this and then you've got the special events that they have all year round: Musica Latina, Bands, Brews and BBQ, Summer Nights & Kinetics and of course Howl-O-Scream.  There's nothing like this park in the world. I LOVE IT!
A few decent rides when they're not broken (multiple were down during our visit). Most of the stores/concession stands were closed when we were there. The place is just downright depressing and is in dire need of an update. The service was pretty awful as well. Whoever runs this place should be seriously embarrassed. Despite the few decent rides, not anywhere near worth the money.
We go here about once per month and love all the family fun things to do. The annual pass for this, combined with SeaWorld Orlando is very affordable and there's always something going on. The animal keepers really know their stuff and take great care of the animals!
hands down best rollercoaster rides @ FL...only drawback is the Busch Garden employees don't warn u that at times, "handicapped" children (i.e. those who can't wait in a regular line) will be able to go thru rides 2 times successively (despite ur preferential queue line pass)! so u may be bumped outta line MORE THAN ONCE/miss rides when inclement weather shuts rides down, etc...still a great collection of rides tho'
Went for my sons bday. It was a wonderful day. The only downside iis if you go in summer, there are a lot of thunderstorms, thus, they shut all rides down due to lighting. They monitor the weather like crazy. Our day was washed out unfortunately but still enjoyable. The park is beautifully landscaped and kept clean. Food was decent as well. Our favorite exhibit was the gorillas. They come right up to the window. We will go again but not in thunderstorm season!
I always love walking around this park...I was sad that the skyride and half if he railroad was out of commission at the same time, so we did some real looking around this time...thank goodness! You MUST do the safari (19.00 per person) that will take you out and around by the gazelle , rhinos and finally the GIraffe!!! We hand fed them pets then and took tons of pics with them- it was awesome!! I love the bird area ( feed the beautiful lorries) and would recommend the kangaroo feeding as well! I just loved to pet these animals:)
I'd have to say out of all the amusement parks in North America, this would have to be my favorite just for the scenery. It is mainly a roller coaster park. What makes this place stand out for me, is that as you walk between rides, it feels as if they put a roller coaster park, inside of a zoo. As you walk between rides, you actually have something nice to look at, and not just concrete walls and/or fences that have been painted goofy colors/designs.
We just love this place.  If you play your cards right you can cash in on the fun.  I would definitely recommend an annual pass.    A one day ticket here is $80 pp.  apparently there is no such thing as a child ticket lol.  It's $80 3 and up.  Value days for families with a few members on Wednesdays it is 65 if that will help.  See I promise an annual pass is a better value $99 at Costco.  You can go to Aqaitica and Seaworld or miss and match parks or get a pass for all three parks.  Of course we have all three.  The best thing about that is we go all the time.  The meal pass is $49 for three kids but $32 pp for adults.  It's all you care to eat and works at select restaurants throughout the parks.  The fun is unlimited but don't let the prices kick you running.  Any family can afford to come to Bush Gardens.  You can also take advantage of their ez pay and pay less than $20 a month pp. for an annual pass.  Now if that doesn't grab you just save up and come any way.  You will love it.!
This is a fun place to spend the day, but I could only give an overall rating of Four to to the food quality at the park restaurants. Unless you wanted to pay exorbitant prices for better quality food you were stuck eating less than desirable tasting food. However the Ice show is a must see.
What other theme park let's Florida residents "pay for a day and play all year"?!  Purchase your one-day theme park ticket by May 31st and you can come to the park for free for the rest of the year. I'm a theme park junkie and will never get sick of Busch Garden's roller coasters!  They actually have more roller coasters than most of the big theme parks in Orlando.  One of my all-time favorite roller coasters is Sheikra, which is a floorless, thrill ride that takes you over the edge of a 90-degree drop then stops for a few seconds as you stare straight down before dropping.  I wait in the extra long line for the front row because I love that "I can't breathe" feeling from the top of the coaster!   This park has it all... it's like a mini zoo with a safari ride, zebras and tigers... shows for both the young and old... a kid's area with kiddie rides and games... and all-you-can-eat-and-drink for $29.99 (adults). Minus one star for Anheuser-Busch no longer owning the park and doing away with free beer and beer school.  Party pooper.
Great place, very clean, animals were amazing. Fun day for my family.
Not as good as it used to be in recent memory when Anheuser Busch was running the show. The Entertainment alone is worth a visit, the rides are overall fun as well. But I have become very disappointed in how they are running things, the vibe has changed dramatically. Not only have they been nickel and dimming the public but the customer service has taken a dive. They used to hand out free beer to the adults, those days are over... The food quality is not up to par considering the hefty price tag. I recently called customer service to verify when my annual card would expire, they provide me with the date making me believe they would stop charging my account, two months go by and I realize my account was still be charged, I call customer service thinking this was just an honest mistake I'm sure they'll reimburse me. Lol, never happened, they just said I should've been aware of the change after signing up, sorry. So what was the point of my original call??? Doesn't matter anymore, I felt misled and promised myself I'd never get the pass again. Bring the kids, I'm sure they'll love it. Just feel that the magic that used to be Busch Gardens is no longer there. My two cents.
Busch gardens!! Personally, I love animals and natural-looking/natural surroundings over fake man-made colorful buildings. This place is so beautiful! The rides here are far better than the rides at Disney. Disney is AWESOME of course. Each park is great in its own way. This park is more geared towards wildlife, animals, and ROLLER COASTERS. There are different themes in this park such as Morocco, Egypt/desert, jungle, African, etc. Now, ROLLER COASTERS!! If you are a thrill-seeker like me, here is a list of rides you need to go on: Sheikra (must go at least twice lol), Kumba, Gwazi (awesome wooden coaster), and Montu. Those are my faves in that order. Yes there are more rides to choose from, but those were my faves. Scorpian was alright...I went on that last and after the rides prior, it was nothing. Another ride I would recommend is more laid back compared to those coasters...Congo River Rapids. Expect to get a little wet or maybe a lot..depends on where you sit and how lucky you are haha. There was an area in the "Edge of Africa" section of the park where you could go to the large glass window, and tigers would come right up to you as if they wanted to take a picture with you lol. There are several areas in the park where there are animals around you as if you were at a zoo. You can go on safari rides (one for an additional cost). There was a show we watched --I think it was at the Marrakesh Theater--not sure...but it was spectacular! So many different costumes and settings, colors were amazing, music was great, dancing and singing performances were beautiful. I think they change their shows every so often, but the show we watched was about old folk tales. We also watched a 4D movie at the Timbuktu Theater. It was cute. 4D=3D movie with glasses and getting lightly sprayed/misted with water. We ate at the Desert Grill. There were live singing and dancing performances here. It's basically a huge place with a stage for shows and picnic tables for the audience to eat and watch. There is a section for choosing/ordering/buying your food...kind of like a cafeteria. If you are sick of Disney and want to shake things up a bit, this is a great place to go to! I really enjoyed this place and I've been to all the Disney parks..this place is refreshing! =) Oh and here's a tip...this place has sister parks: SeaWorld, Aquatica, Discovery Cove, and Adventure Island. Go find discounts if you plan on going to more than one of these parks!! =)
Immaculate park, gorgeous animals and buildings, plus the MOST FRIGGIN AWESOME ROLLERCOASTERS!  The day we were there it was not busy at all, so we were able to go on a few more than once.  And while they were all good, SHEIKRA (or Shakira, as we called it) and the wooden rollercoaster (I forget the name) were by far the best.  I was just sad the "safari train" wasnt running that day and so we didnt get a chance to take advantage of that.  Food is decent but typically overpriced as most amusement parks are. Seriously, you like rollercoasters, this is the place for you.  I almost cried coming off of Sheikra it was that flippin bad-ass.
It's been years since I've gone, but I remember it as an overall pleasant experience. I mean, animals and roller coasters in one park? I'm there! Up until X opened at Six Flags Magic Mountain, Montu had been my favorite roller coaster of all time. It's such a smooth ride. As many have pointed out, ones like Gwazi aren't as smooth. If it's still the same, they've got a tent where you can get free samples Busch beverages: spanning from Bud to O'Doul's. I was underage at the time, but not being much of a fan of Busch's drinks these days, I don't think I was missing out. The zoo aspect was OK, but I remember there weren't many animals out on the summer day we were there. Since hoof-and-mouth disease was a concern at the time, they frequently made patrons wipe their feet before getting on certain attractions. Overall I liked Busch Gardens more than Disney's Animal Kingdom, specifically when it came to rides and how many animals we saw.
Our family wanted to do something different this Thanksgiving, and Busch Gardens, as we were told at the parking gate, is open 365 days a week (now you know why she was a parking attendant). My kids loved Busch Gardens Williamsburgh, but we all agreed that the Tampa one was even better. Not only did it have some of the best coasters we've ever been on (Skeikra and Montu), it is also a dynamite zoo. The Critter show in the bird aviary was the best trained animal show I've seen anywhere, with lots of exotics and a humorous and funny musical. They had a parrot that loved to play football. Guess what position? The ball! You can pay 25 cents to feed the long billed birds, who eat out of your hand, or you can pay $5 or so for a tray full of food, and have the gull swarm you when you leave the checkout stand. That made the kids uproar with laughter. The people were all nice but not sickly sweet. They were sort of self-deprecatory in a funny way. On one ride, the Rhino Rally, the driver said "Lower your heads, and lower your expectations." Then "If anyone drops anything, raise their right hand. Then, I'll raise my right hand. Then we'll both wave goodbye to it, because we don't stop to pick up anything. See all those big animals to your left, those are called people. Then we'll come up on some elephants." With killer roller coasters, wonderful shows, great kiddie rides, lots of exotic animals that seemed well cared for,  beer served everywhere (and a full bar at one of the places on the right when you first go in), there's something for everyone here.
Going to Busch Gardens really wasn't a priority for this trip.  The only other time I've been to Tampa was on a day trip to go to Busch Gardens back in 2000 so I didn't feel the urge to return. My ever-so-charming host and Tampa native lives literally next door to Busch Gardens.  After breakfast at Waffle House, it was 9:30am on Sunday morning and I didn't want to kill time until noon when stores opened up in Hyde Park.  Since Busch Gardens was open, we figured we should spend at least part of our day there.  It was great that we could just walk 4 blocks to the park entrance. Tickets are $65 but they're like a season pass.  I get free entry no matter how many times I return between now and the rest of the year.  It's a nice added-value in case I do return to Tampa this year. I love rollercoasters and Busch Gardens has some of the best.  The SheiKra features a 90 degree, 200 foot drop.  The car stops right on the curve for 10 seconds so you're looking straight down and then you plummet.  This is one of the best rollercoasters ever. I loved riding the Montu back in 2000 and got to go twice this time.  You get to go really fast in inverted loops and your feet get to dangle.  The Gwazi is an intertwined, double wooden rollercoaster - shaky as hell but that's part of the fun.  The Kumba has a few long drops and a huge 360 degree spiral.  The adrenaline was pumping after going on all these rides. My favorite water ride here is the Congo River Rapids.  You're on a 12 person circular raft and you're hit by water cannons, huge rapids and go under a waterfall.  It's bumpy and you'll get drenched. I really only wanted to go on the thrill rides but I was convinced to go on the Rhino Rally.  It's set up as a safari ride in a land rover and we drive around looking at the different animals.  In the middle there are some theatrics where we've steered of course and then we're floating in a river.  It's cute and a good option for families. The park was busy but there didn't seem to be much of a wait for many of the rides.  Maybe 15-20 minutes at most.  It also helps when you can navigate the park with ease when your host knows Busch Gardens like the back of his hand. I couldn't leave the park without having me some Dippin' Dots.  I do love those Dippin' Dots.
We have been to the gardens and adventure island before but this year me and my wife got season passes.  I'm kinda glad we did considering when there is nothing to do its a short drive and not too busy yet and i say yet hahaha.  We also enjoyed adventure island very clean water park with plenty to do.  Being from Arizona you would think lots of water parks well hardly and the ones they do have are very sad compared to what Florida has to offer.  I have heard that some of the food if not most of it is not good but the restaurant near cheetah hunt is good.  I have never really been a fan of amusement park food I've always made it a tradition to go out some where afterwards that is very tasty.  Our last visit we stop at the red lobster and got filled up on cheddar bay biscuits lol.
Best to go Early AM If you are going to the park to see the animals it is best to arrive early and head straight to the serengeti portion of hte park. All of the animals are more active in the early am and late day (usually after the park closes) Staff at the park starts arriving at 4 AM so these critters are up early to. By 11-noon they are all ready for their naps and you will find many just bing lazy and napping. Not always fun for the kids. Best time of year to visit is the winter as there are less crowds (except during holidays).
I'm giving it four stars because we didn't get to ride any roller coasters because we were traveling with little kids who were too small to do them with their parents... and we only had about 6 hrs at the park. I think the kids area, Land of the Dragons, was incredible for the itty-bitty set!  My three yr old LOVED every minute there.  If your traveling with little ones, make sure you bring their bathing suits with, there's a little water park in there too... we didn't know that so our little ones didn't get to partake... Anyway, this is a great park to visit and we do plan on going back!  The most disappointing part was that one of the ride we could actually take both of our kids on, Rhino Rally, was in part broken down... the water wasn't working on it so we didn't get the full effect.  But the kids loved seeing all the animals on the rides! We will totally go again when the kids are older and can enjoy much more of it!
Park was ok. Roller coasters are definitely the highlight. All day food is a total rip off and falsely advertised. They limit food to only a few places that are thinly staffed and therefore time consuming. Even soda and water, which is available at those venues costs extra money (buy one get one free with all you can eat wristband). Definitely not worth $33.
Wonderful place for kids ages infant to 99!  Park attendants visible and accessible throughout the park for advice, help and directions.  Activities and lines are shaded in places which is a plus, not having to be in the hot Florida sun 100% of the time.  Wonderful opportunities to take in the beautiful plants, animals, gentle rides and thrill rides.
We always go here when visiting the grandparents in Florida.  It's never been out of control crowded but we always go during the week.  The highlight is the safari ride for the whole family.  My 7 year old got to sit in the front seat this time and I'm sure he'll remember this ride for his whole life.  Too fun.  This is probably the cleanest, prettiest amusement park we've ever been to.  Except maybe the Disney parks.  But very clean and well maintained nonetheless. There are BIG roller coasters for my older 2 kids but they still enjoy going to the little kids' area with my 3 year old.  The animals are fun to look at.  All in all a good time.
Let me tell you how frustrating it can be to be a "customer" of Busch Gardens! I had an annual pass that I bought in May of last year.  My credit card was stolen and in the meantime a payment was missed for my easypay for my annual passes. (3 of them!) The next time I went to the park I paid the outstanding balance. I called today to cancel my passes as this should be my last month and was told that they had extended my contract until November!!!!   Absolutely insane customer service people wouldn't let me speak to a supervisor to try to resolve this- I am absolutely horrified at this level of "customer service".  Be warned!!  Do not get these passes they are a total ripoff!
OMMGGG this place is uhhhhhmazzzzzing.  We did the Giraffe feeding and got to use my Sea World, CA pass to get 10% discount and we got to go on the "safari" and see the animals up close.  It was pretty unreal.  There was a zebra following our truck right behind us and the giraffes are literally up in your face!!!  I'd totally recommend this place if you are ever in Orlando, Tampa area.   Didn't ride the rides because they're rollercoasters and my kid's only 5, but they looked pretty fast =P Ps.  I read reviews comparing this place to Disney's Animal Kingdom, but it is SO different, IMO.
Come on. It's Busch Gardens. Get yourself a ticket and come back all year for no additional cost. The coasters are pretty good overall and the best in central florida.
Took my son and boyfriend here yesterday for thier birthdays and had a great time. Of course it was pretty empty due to being on a week day. The lines for the rides were less than 10 mins. Love seeing all the animals they have there. I have passes and it's a great way to spend a day just roaming.
I was born in Florida, and spent a lot of time at this park. It was a great loss to leave it behind for the snow ridden lands of northern Michigan, let me tell you. But upon my return some fifteen years later I realize it has not lost any of its magic. The shows that they run around the clock are wonderful from the bird shows to the Celtic dancers. I wouldn't have had it any other way. There is a train that chugs you around the grounds, gondola that shows you the animals from the a bird's eye view, and roller coasters that will blow your mind. I spent a lot of time waiting in the lines, but trust me, they were worth it. Make sure you go with some friends, especially ones that will wait in lines with you (my brother bailed quite early), so you don't get bored, but other than that, it's a fun filled time. (P.S. They're day to day prices are great, but their season passes are even better!)
If I were to choose between Disney and this place, you would know the answer. It was nice to be in the train to see the animals and then get off one stop and walk around. I remember trying to pet a horse, but I haven't seen one that up close. It was a nice looking one! If you hate the hay smell, you'd probably skip this part. I was kind of scared of roller coasters.. it was all in my head till I got on those rides. My fave was Kumba. My legs felt so free, and it was good to experience the rush through my body. I didn't like Gwazi at all.. pretty rocky ride -- my neck and back started hurting. So did Ralph's. I am totally agreeing on drinking lots of water. If you buy a big cup with Busch Gardens, you can get free re-fills, even the next time you go there. If someone gives you a hard time about refilling it, go to the next one. We did and had to tell the person about the last person. She said that wasn't supposed to happen to us, but it did. I would definitely come back here again... and get there early next time!
Absolutely loved this place. So did my bf and 2 kids aged 19 and 10. Seeing the animals up close was so cool! We also paid an extra $20 per person to feed the giraffes. Such an amazing experience to be that close to a giraffe and be able to feed and pet them. Now the rides, loved them too. We were there for 6 hrs and that wasn't enough time. Highly recommend Busch Gardens.
Ah...my old friend Busch Gardens.  I loved it here.  The lines were short on a weekend!  We rode a ton of rides!  I don't think that has happened in the existence of theme parks.  The weather was terrific, the crowds weren't obnoxious and I saw other Asians in Florida!  I didn't think they made it that far down south.   The ride, which I call Shakira, was awesome, shakira, sharika, what a beautiful liar!  Just kidding.  We paid $50 for the season pass and went twice in a month and the rides were still awesome.  And how about the animal reserve.  Well....I did fall asleep on that one from drinking the night before, but it was a nice nap.
I have not been to Busch Gardens during the day in about 6 years, every year I go to Howl o scream. They have really made this place into a top amusement park. My sons first trip and he loved it, from seeing all the animals to riding some of the child rides he had a blast! I recommend this place hands down! Do not miss out on all the great animals.
Best park I have been too. I am not that much of a "park person" but we went on a good day hardly any lines the rides were awesome, especially the roller costers! I am usually not one for animal sancuarys because it makes me feel terrible seeing animals caged, but their set up is wonderful it seems as all the animals have tons of space and clean enclosures its wonderful, i got great views of the tigers, lions, and orangatans which are all my favs to watch! The best part was I got to feed and pet kangeroos! it was awesome I will never forget it, they are soo soft!:) one complaint which im sure is a give away, the food is overpriced and its not good! dont get the pizza by the lion king stadum...its yuckayyyy! :)
Spring break at Busch Gardens is packed. Even Florida residents are out for the Sun and fun. Everything is expensive so bring lots of money and patience. Fun for everyone
I have been to Busch Gardens quite a few times, however this past weekend was the first time I decided to suck it up and brave the roller coasters. My partner in crime is a coaster fanatic, while I am unfortunately very susceptible to motion sickness. So I armed myself with Sea Bands, non-drowsy Dramamine and lots of courage and decided that I was not going to get sick.  For roller coaster enthusiasts, Busch Gardens is hands down the best amusement park in the Central Florida area. No other park, not even Islands of Adventure, can top the sheer amount of coasters Busch has. With that said, this weekend was either a really bad weekend for Busch or the economy is getting to their maintenance team. The brand new coaster, Cheetah, was malfunctioning half the day, as were Montu (we couldn't even ride it, it was always broken) and several of the other coasters were having issues. We arrived promptly at 8:30 AM (the park opened at 9:30 AM) expecting to beat the crowds to the rides, heading straight for Cheetah as soon as the doors were opened (which, by the way, they don't do until exactly on time...more on this later). Cheetah was not working from the beginning, we waited an hour at the front of the line, which hundreds lined up behind us, waiting for them to fix it. We finally did, and it was worth every second of wait. Me, the anti-coaster half of our team, was smiling and loving every second of the ride. I did end up feeling dizzy after, but Cheetah really is smooth and enjoyable. Plus it is LLLOOOONNNNGGG! If you look at the map, Cheetah snakes through almost a quarter of the park. The other coasters were a little too rough for me, especially the wooden coaster, Sheikra. That one was the beginning of the end for me. If there is one thing I learned from our day, it is that no amount of Sea Bands and Dramamine can keep away motion sickness when you're being jostled around at insane speeds. But I maintain that Cheetah is a great ride for just about everyone. #1 Tip: Arrive early, really early...like an hour before the park opens. You will have to wait the entire hour, but you'll be in front of all the other people waiting much farther behind you. The parking lot doesn't open until 30 minutes before park opening, but a line of cars forms in front of the entrance. We had a lot of fun people and car watching while waiting. And we got an amazing parking spot. #2 Tip: Print your tickets at home. Make sure you have a clear barcode to scan at the self-service turnstiles and you'll easily get your tickets and get into the park as quickly as possible. The turnstiles open early, they just rope off the actual front of the park until opening time. Make sure to get a little pushy and get as far front as possible. Have a gameplan in place and go directly to your #1 attraction, especially if choosing one of the newer coasters. 20 minutes after park opening and Cheetah already had a two hour wait. #3 Tip: If you have the extra money, the passes that allow you to skip the line are absolutely worth it. Instead of a 2 hour wait, you'll have maybe a 15-20 minute wait. #4 Tip: The Zambia Smokehouse has the best smoked chicken and macaroni n'cheese I've had in a very long time. Delicious.
I really love this theme park. They have some of the best roller coasters and a fair amount of them too. Although  it isn't  Disney World or as big as it,  I still had tons of fun. The food is pretty expensive but tastey, and not to mention a good portion. We ate at the Zambia Smokehouse and i had the brisket sandwich. The ribs and chicken are also very good. Aside from the rollercoasters you can go on a safari, observe the animals, pet kangaroos (one actually licked my hand :) , watch their cute little 4-D pirate show, etc. This is definitely a must if you are in the Tampa area.
A fun place to hang out for a day or two.  I'm not really much of a coaster person, I'm more of a slower paced kind of rides guy, and they had these here too.  I had no desire to do the cheetah hunt, but my bride gave me "The Look" that said I'd better do it.  So, fair being fair, the skyride was next.  The animal attractions were pretty cool, but the train not working on the day we visited was not cool.
Busch Gardens: Hear me roar!  Ok, you won't really hear me roar but you might hear a lion roar. This place is awesome.  The best two things about this park: the all-day-dining deal and the animals including the safari.   If you are planning on going to Busch Gardens this summer, purchase the all-day-dining deal.  It's totally worth it and not only can you eat all you want all day long, you get 50% off of the outdoor vendor kiosks.  So a bottle of water for $1.25, not bad, huh?  The other thing I suggest is the quick queue unlimited or what I like to call: the skip the line pass.  This works on just about every ride and is only $55/person.  You just show the attendant your wrist band and you walk right up to the front of the line.  The most I waited all day was approx. 15 min. in the Montu line and this was b/c I wanted to sit in the front for this free form coaster.  Which, by the way, was sick!  If you are going to ride the Montu, sit in the front.  I also suggest sitting in the front for the Cheetah Hunt.  I sat in the middle the first time and then sat in the front the second time.  Have you ever had key lime pie from a diner and key lime pie from Key West?  If so, you know what I am talking about.  If not, your life is not yet complete and please  visit Key West immediately.  Now back to the quick queue...the pass pays for itself just by not waiting in the Cheetah Hunt line.  That line was almost an hour long and I walked right up and rode it both times waiting no more than 5 min. and that was to stil in the front.  Just buy the pass.  Enough said. As for the animals and the safari, absolutely incredible.  My wife and I took part in the sunset safari which was phenomenal and the guide (Kelsey, I think) was so knowledgable and friendly.  You get to see the animals up close and personal not to mention you pretty much have a beer in your hand the entire time since you have to be 21 to book this safari and they give you 2-3 beers per person depending on if others want their beer, how many they bring, etc.  Just an incredibly fun experience and nothing like I have ever done before. As for the rides, the Momtu was the best coaster and the rolling rapids was the best water ride.  For the rapids, remember to bring a bar of soap b/c you will get soaked so you might as well get clean all at the same time. If you live in Florida and haven't been to this park yet, go now!  Spend a weekend in the Tampa area and experience all that Busch Gardens has to offer.  You won't be disappointed.
It is expensive but the quick que is worth it!
It's awesome that they have a zoo, but let's face it you hear bout the rides and on a non crowded day you can do all the thrill rides multiple times in maybe 2-3 hours. The water rides are ok, but that's not why you go to Busch Gardens. The zoo is really cool way to beat the heat but the overall lack in thrill rides keeps it from beating any 6 flags in my opinion.
Sheikra - scary, cheetah hunt- fun, kumba - fun, montu - underrated. Whole park atmosphere was sweet. Animals mixed with coasters , and there were minimal lines day we went. Recommended
Busch Gardens is not exactly conducive to families with little kids, despite it's many zoo attractions, simply because almost all of the rides are rollercoasters. However if you are a thrill master (or have a bunch of teenage kids) this place is a must visit! The Good: Thrills not found anywhere else: This place has some amazing rollercoasters, including the most amazing SheiKra. This rollercoaster simply cannot be described. It has a completely 180 degree drop where you can't even see the track. It is truly exhilarating, and I have been to several thrill parks in my day. Trust me, this one ride is worth the ticket price for thrill seekers. Great Zoo attractions: Although this place is primarily known as a thrill destination, their animal attractions are equally amazing, especially the new Jungala attraction, which features monkeys, alligators, and tigers, oh my! Free Beer: Go to the hospitality center, check out the horses and knock back a cold one. What more could you ask for?? I love going to Busch Gardens, and even though my daughter is not tall enough for most of the thrills, she still enjoys the different zoo attraction, and I love tag teaming with the husband on the rollercoasters. Overall 8.9/10= Busch is Best!!
We had a blast this past weekend at Busch Gardens. It was my boyfriend's birthday so we decided to take the kids and check it out. We ended up getting the Busch Gardens and Adventure Island Florida Residents pay for a day pass. How great is it that we can now go anytime we want! What a great deal! We also opted to purchase the fast passes. It was so much better to have the passes because the park was really crowded.  Even though a few rides were shut down, it was still a great day!
Although I live in Orlando, this is one of my favorite theme parks. It is great fun for children and adults. A great balance of the African wildlife and thrilling rides.
We got the multi-park pass (unlimited visit for 14 days) to Busch Gardens, SeaWorld and Aquatica. It was a good deal. We ended up visited each park twice and enjoy every bit of it. Busch Gardens has a lot of awesome rides. The crazy roller-coasters are the most fun in the park... and there are so many of them. So, plan in advance -- especially in peak season when the lines are line. The park also has a lot of animals. So, if you have a teenager and a pre-schooler, you'll still be fine. Dinning in the park is pretty limited. Check the show schedule. They offer shows AT dinning area. I also love the turkey legs. They are classic! Though Busch Garden is a great amusement park, I think the single day ticket price is way too much. I believe they set it so high to encourage you to get multi-day and multi-park passes -- which are much more reasonable.
Way better than the crowded and overdone magic kingdom. We drove here twice from orlando in a week (an hour or so drive) as this was better than disney and sea world. Not much of a wait for anything (a bit more on Sunday as compared to the weekday).  You can bring in food/etc, which saves on money.  Buy the plastic small spray bottles ahead of time and fill with water - target sells them for $1 each, which is way better than the 2 for $20 deal they have in the park!
We go to Busch Gardens ALL.THE.TIME. It is our favorite Florida park. Tonight we went to the brand new Christmastown, and BG did not let us down! The lights were fantastic, our favorite rides were open (Cheetah Hunt in the dark is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.) and our 6, 7, and 8 yo kids got to touch snow for the first time ever!  And there were virtually NO LINES! I'd certainly go back! @BuschGardens
Busch Gardens is owned by SeaWorld, so if you care about animals you might want to avoid these parks!
This is an amazing park and the best in Florida with some of the biggest and fastest roller coasters around i been coming here sense i was a kid and always love to come here and ride the roller coaster plus this park is owned by Anheuser-Bush the makers of Budweiser and other beer's you want to ride some good roller coasters and scream allot this is the place, i recommended it to anyone.
Hadn't been to BG for about 14 years and will probably not make the trip again.  Animal habitats all looked average which was sad. It was actually depressing. Don't bother paying for all the add ons, just not worth it. Maps are a complete joke!  Hard to follow and very little information about what's in each area. Plus the print is so small! All about the roller coasters and not the animals anymore. Tram and train were good but that's all we ride. We had lunch at the barbecue  place and it was very good but you had to yell to get your order heard and condiments ( salad dressing and barbecue sauce were impossible get. Staff was very friendly throughout the park and very polite. Trash cans were overflowing by 1:00 and got worse throughout the day. Highlight of the day was seeing the Frankie Avalon show. He was very interactive with the audience and still has great moves for a 70 year old man.   Truly had it not been for his show I would have felt the day was overpriced. If you like Roller coasters then try it but anything else, save your money.
The hubby and I went to BG the day after Valentine's Day without the kids. We just happen to go during the Beer and BBQ Festival. Needless to say I was stoked! They had over 100 different beers to try from local brewers to imports. I especially enjoyed the Woodchuck tent with hard cider! My hubby loved the Shocktop tent. My only complaint about the beer is that it was only available 12-5. They had a variety of BBQ and the places they had were Smokey Bones and Outback. We chose Smokey Bones and basically got a sampler for $10! It was enough food for both of us! It was delicious which is what I would expect from Smokey Bones. The entertainment was not bad either! Earth, Wind and Fire! We will definitely go again next year when they have it.
There are a lot of great amusement parks out there, but for so many reasons, this is my #1 all time super greatest most favorite one of all.  Why is it so great?  In no particular order: (1) the rides (2) the atmosphere (3) the animals (4) the food (5) you can go all year long! (1) The rides: Montu (one of my top 10 steel coasters - when there's no line, it's like heaven for me) Sheikra (awesome thrills and theming - even better than its big brother, Griffon at BGE) Gwazi (lion and tiger and rumble rumble rumble rumble until you've gone silly) Kumba (one of lots of people's favorites - great layout and so smooth) Python (RIP) Cheetah Chase!! (I love wild mouse rides!!!!!!!) Water rides - Congo River Rapids, Stanley Falls, Tidal Wave (that cold water feels so good during the summer) Scorpion (a little rough but fun) Rhino Rally (the drivers are sort of cheesy, but I love this ride through the animal habitat) (2) The atmosphere: this park (along with its sister park in Williamsburg) is so well-kept.  The trees and plants are gorgeous, the walkways are clean, the bathrooms are as clean as you can expect when thousands of people are using them, the animals and coasters are well cared for, the staff is generally friendly, there are lots of shows, etc. - happy happy happy (3) The animals: these little (and big) guys are probably why this is my favorite park - combining two of my favorite things (roller coasters and animals) was GENIUS.  The habitats are really nice - you don't feel sorry for any of the animals at this park - and there are lots of learning opportunities for the little (and big) ones in your group. (4) The food: man I don't know what it is about the Desert Grill, but that turkey sandwich with potato salad drives me crazy!  It's the greatest thing to keep you going during a long day at the park.  The food isn't cheap, but you get A LOT.  Other food in the park is also really solid, but I usually hit that smorgasboard (and avoid the Crown Colony) for lunch. (5) You can go all year long!: I was born and raised in Florida, so I love some warm winter weather - especially if it means more time to ride coasters!  Almost every time we're visiting family in Florida, we make the short trip to Tampa - it's always worth it!
This review is for people who don't like roller coasters. I had a good time at Busch Gardens watching other people have fun.  I'm not a roller coaster person.  Feeling my stomach in my throat and being dizzy all day just doesn't do it for me.  If you like crazy rides, this is the park for you. I went on three rides at the park and here's the scoop.... 1.  Congo River Rapids = LOVE on a hot day.  My clothes were soaked, my purse was soaked, and my sneakers were sloshy AND I loved it. 2.  Montu- I finally got the courage to go on a stupid roller coaster.  This ride will make you dizzy. 3.  Family Safari - don't waste your time.  If I waited an hour for this ride, I'd be pissed.  The ride is a small circle, looks at a few animals, and then you finish up.  Do yourself a favor and check out the animals on the walking path. I ate lunch at a table where I could watch Shekira.  I loved watching the roller coaster while enjoying ribs, coleslaw, and a salad.  I split a meal with my boyfriend and we were both satisfied.  Oh and ask for tap water if you're cheap, they'll give it to you.   The animals were great.  If you're an animal lover, you'll enjoy walking through the animal exhibits.  My favorites were the elephants and flamingos.
This place has gotten a lot better over the years.  Admission for adults vary depending on the discounts you can find. AAA, Florida resident or Season passes are the best deals if you're into it.  They also hold special events like Howl-O-Scream for Halloween.  I've been a couple times after hours when they close the park for private corporate employee, friends and family. Now filled with some great rollercoasters, it is definitely a local attraction. Sheikra, Kumba, Gwazi, and Montu being some of the newer ones. All giving you a different kind of roller coaster thrill.   The zoo portion it fairly attractive and strange to  have in the middle of Tampa, but what the hey?  Its a very kid friendly park with great shows. The only complaint I ever had was how bad the area smelled late at night (3-4amish) when they are brewing the beer. eew.
As a true Floridian I am not about the touristy venues that this sunny state has to offer...I just know better than to venture out near outlets and amusement parks during summer.  Well I decided to take my partner and niece here for a day and ride some coasters.  I actually am a platinum pass holder and used to frequent here and Sea World quite often.  The pass entitles me to many benefits including free preferred parking, discounted admission for friends and family, discount on food and merchandise, and ride again privelages on certain coasters. We went mainly due to the opening of the new roller coaster Cheetah Chase.  This new coaster is amazing!  It shoots you out at around 60 mph, gives you loops and turns, and does some crazy zig and zag maneuvers.  It is a smooth ride from beginning to end and is all around another great addition to the theme park.  Before this addition was Sheikra, the 90 drop coaster, and I was okay with that.  Cheetah Chase is crazy good in comparison.  It was definitely worth the wait.  All in all we managed to ride all the coasters and get soaked on the Congo River Rapids...we totally needed it though due to how hot it was that day.   My only advice is to steer clear during summer months...we had half of all Brazilian citizens in the park with us chanting, screaming, clapping, and singing...it did not make for pleasant waits in lines.  That is not the park's fault though so it does not take their rating down for me. Oh...definitely buy a souvenier cup for 99 cent refills!  It is worth it for a day in the park.
My brother and I finally decided to go to Busch Gardens because our friend was visiting from NY. The drive to Tampa was not as bad as I thought it would be. We purchased our tickets online. Our tickets included the all day dining deal, which was great because it felt like we were thirsty every 10 minutes. The food was decent, some places better than others (Desert Grill was cool, good food and live entertainment). The park was not too crowded. The rides were not that great but the wait times were no more than 25 minutes. I was so excited about all of the roller coasters that Busch Gardens had to offer, but not many made me excited when I rode them. I guess my expectations were too high. Congo River Rapids was closed for improvements, so only two open water rides and it was a really hot day! The "Iceploration" show was really nice. The best part for me was all the animals! One orangutan was trying to tighten the net he was resting on, it was so cute. The other orangutan seemed so sad which in turn made me sad. One elephant was having an awesome time cooling off under the water sprinklers. I won't keep going on and on about the animals, but that is the reason I gave this park 4 (4.5) stars.
Rides were fun...but they planned poorly...they have every restaurant shut down...and none of the employees know this.  They keep telling us such and such is still open...we rush over and they're closed.  It's almost like a big joke being played on the park's guests
Sheikra was an amazing rollercoaster! That was definitely the favorite of the day. I really enjoyed this park. It was pretty and neat. Like other reviewers, I thought the rollercoasters didn't really fit with the rest of the park, but I guess that's what gets people to come. And I do love me some rollercoasters, anyway. My only complaint? I waited in a lot of long lines.
great coasters, great animal experiences, but the park itself and those who work there aren't worth any more stars. I'm sorry, but this park needs some serious help. The employees are unprofessional and cynical, the layout of the park is ridiculous and subjects walkers to long stretches of nothing and in the summer sun in TAMPA, the last thing you want is to exert a lot of energy getting from place to place. There are NO themed restaurants that serve African food. The food they do serve is horrid and bland. The whole park shuts down in the rain, and I don't know if they know this, but tampa averages 104 days of rain a year. Poll the people in line on any given day and they are all locals. BG will never be able to compete with the big guys until they get their act together and start hiring better employees (they share the tendency to have great staff for the animal care and entertainment positions and leave the operations, food, and merchandise to people who stopped caring the moment they got the job with Sea World) and work on the layout of the park a bit and get some INDOOR rides so people will have something to do in the rain and do it up Epcot -style with a couple of good restaurants so locals with passes can come again and again to eat dinner and spend some extra money in the park.
I give it five-stars at this disclaimer - I wen to the park as a "friends and family" member, so I not only got in for free but I also got a 30% discount on everything. That made my visit all that much better! I never knew Busch Gardens Tampa was a mix of zoo AND theme park the best of both worlds! You go on a coaster then you see elephants! How cool! My favorite ride was the coaster "Cheetah" it moved liked you were an actual cheetah moving through the jungle. 3 1/2 minutes long! Awesome! Almost all the rides were open when we went (middle of the week, last week of September) so we easily got to the front of every line and rode all the coasters in a matter of a few hours. The park is not very big, so it was easy to go through it all a few times over. Even though it was a slow day there were plenty of concessions and other shops open. Very nice! Busch Gardens has a very "African" feel to it, and really makes the guest feel welcomed! One of the best theme parks I have been to and I will most certainly be back!
Best rides cheetah hunt and montu!! lots of walking which its ok.
I did not wanted to leave this review but here it goes. Got to bush gardens with the kids at 11am, we were super excited, before going to the rides we got some food. After lunch all the rides were shut down due to lightning, so we decided to wait and see if it passed however after two hours with no rides the sky got darker and lighting started with a heavy downpour, we said ok, this was bad enough so let's go out, on our way out there was a huge line on the customer service area which was not covered except the part close to the cashier, I knew they were giving rain checks there but with a heavy downpour and a lightning show on the sky, it was obvious standing there was not the best use of my time, in addition, I was with a 4 and 6 year old so this was really not an option for me. We got to our hotel and we called Bush Gardens and I was amazed that they don't do anything unless you do stop at the park customer service, really very impractical for people and on our case very dangerous, sorry to say but I did not feel like a wanted customer.... would likely not come back.... They need to change this ridiculous policy, is not like they cannot just verify what time we got into the park and that all the rides were down.
Busch Gardens is a nice change from Universal Studios, which is where I go every single time I visit Florida. Definitely in my top 3 theme parks in terms of rides and attractions. All of their rollercoasters were unique, so I didn't feel like I was wasting my time by going on all of them. When I got bored of rollercoasters, I visited the zoo components of the park. I'd say this is the best zoo I've been to, just an outstanding variety of animals. The train tour around the park is definitely worth it, if you have 45 minutes to spare. Staff was friendly, and food was decently prices at $3 for an order of French fries, and $5.50 (or so) for a funnel cake. However, BEWARE: The only concern I do have is the following. I purchased my ticket for Busch Gardens & Adventure Island before actually visiting, It was a two parks for one deal. I just printed them out. I purchased these tickets from the Busch Gardens website. I assumed that by "Adventure Island" they meant the park in Universal Studios, but when I got to Universal Studios (before I went to Busch Gardens), they told me that Adventure Island is in Busch Gardens, and the Universal Studios Park is called "Island of Adventure." I had purchased Busch Gardens and Adventure Island tickets under the assumption that both parks had collaborated to offer some outstanding deal, and the deal was just too good to be true (and it was). So I called Busch Gardens before actually purchasing, and asked them if this deal was in fact for Busch Gardens + Islands of Adventure in Universal Studios (at the time I didn't know that Busch Gardens also had an "Adventure Island" park. The Busch Gardens representative told me that the deal is exactly as it sounds, so I went with it. As I stated before, however, I later realized that Adventure Island (The Busch Gardens park) and Islands of Adventure (Universal Park, what I thought my ticket was for) were two very different parks. I can't help but feel that I've been ripped off. First of all, there's the fact that the Busch Gardens representative didn't properly answer my question, "The deal is exactly as it sounds." Second of all, I find that it's a bit coincidental that Universal Studios already had "Island of Adventure," and Busch Gardens conveniently named their other park "Adventure Island." Feels like sort of a scam, to get people to believe that the deal is too good to be true. So I wasn't sure if it was just me or not, but like I said, beware.
I love spending having a day at Busch Gardens! Living in Orlando it isn't that far to travel every few weekends or so...plus the deal I got was great. $15 a month for Sea World and Busch Gardens which included free parking and disocunts off merchandise and food. This I believe was the 1-year passport paid by EZ Pay. When I went I bought the all day dining deal for $30 per person and $15 for kids. My fiance and I definitely got our moneys worth from this. We had lunch, a snack, and later on a dinner....just a lunch and drink for two people is already $22 or so. Not to mention in other places like the ice cream shop, Dip N Dots, and other stands you'll receive 50% off the bill! Thats a bargain. My new favorite roller coaster here at Busch G is the Cheetah! I have been waiting a whie to go on this and I had such a good time. The wait was about 30-40 minutes but definitely worth it. I believe the fill up 3 coasters at a time so the line movies quite fast. The best part was the first hill you go up when it just shoots you up. The other best coaster I have always loved is Gwazi, even though I think over the past couple of years its gotten a lot more intense and rough. It really slings you around and has you all over the place. There wasn't any line for the longest time so we kept going on about 3 times. Sheikra is also amazing. The thrill just to stop just as your about to go down you see everything beneath and see yourself drop seconds later. Short coaster but still FUN! Loading time is fast as well because of the 8 people per row. Next is the animal exibits which I LOVE!! I believe they added a new part which features kangaroo's. This was one of my favourites because I was able to reach in and touch them..surprisingly they are very soft. The elephants are absolutely beautiful along with the lions and tigers, its amazing to see these animals with only a glass wall separating you.
Hmmm....ride roller coasters all day or go to lame-ass Disney...is there really a question of what you'd rather do? Busch Garden is hands-down the best amusement park I've been to. It is far superior to Six Flags. All of the Six Flags locations I have visited seem to have this underlying theme of "wholesome redneck family fun," and they always seem to have either obscure country stars or former American Idol contestants playing in the park on the day I visit. Busch Gardens doesn't rely on crappy singers...why? Because they have a collection of top-notch roller coasters, water rides featuring the finest of   Tampa Bay area's teenage girls in wet t-shirts and lots of beer. It's true...you know those old men hanging out by the Tidal Wave have an ulterior motive. The food offered here is also surprisingly good for a theme park...they actually have a very nice restaurant where you can sit down and pretend to be classy. Oh, and I think they have something to do with animals...like a zoo or something? But, really, who cares about that....roller coasters rock!
I Like Busch Gardens. I am a huge roller-coaster fan. I am a huge amusement park fan. I even like the scary corner carnivals and state fairs. So it would follow that I like an amusement park with 4 large Coasters. I am also from Miami, so I am used to and know how to dress/what to bring to deal with the heat and humidity. (They also sell hand-held "squirt fans" which are awesome.) Good Stuffs: If you buy their "Souvenir Cup," you can get cheap refills in it, even if you bring it back another day. Cool animal attractions, where you will actually SEE animals. Both walk-through and Safari-Type rides. (Rhino Rally)  You can also see the animals from the Montu and Kumba coasters, and from the park-wide train. Decent food. For a park. Expensive? Yes. But edible. Specifics: The Skeik'Ra coaster is amazing. It has a full 90 degree drop. Sit up front. It's amazing and terrifying. It's floorless, so your feet are dangling and you are held to your seat at that first drop only by the shoulder bar, staring STRAIGHT DOWN before the drop. Whooooosh. To the Max. The Montu is an Egyptian-themed inverted coaster. It's smooth and twisting, looping through landscaped grounds and with killer views of the "Safari" animals to the north. The first climb and drop are killer. This is a coaster you can ride again and again. The Kumba is one of Bush Gardens' first "legendary" coasters. It's a steel track, with loops, barrel rolls, and corkscrews. It, too, is a must. The Gwazi. I am not a fan of wooden coasters.  At all. But this one seems bumpier and rougher than most. I generally skip it. Congo River Rapids: You'll get soaked. It's fun.  But try to hit it at the end of your visit, and have towels in the car. (Always have towels in the car for a Florida Theme Park visit anyway. It rains at 3:30 pm every day in the Wet Season. The "Dry Season" is "Winter" 3 months out of the 9.) The Scorpion: A cute kiddie-style coaster. Not a true Kiddie Coaster but much gentler than the others. There are exhibits and shows, too. The Clydsedales are impressively massive. (And smelly) But still a sight to see. The Tiggers (ahem. "Tigers") are gorgeous. There's Elephants, Hippos, Lions, Hyenas and more in the "Edge of Africa." And they are usually OUT. VISIBLE. It's great. The Serengeti Plain has free-roaming Zebras, Girraffes, and other African Animals which you may observe from an aerial tram or the Serengeti Express Train. Alligators in the Pond. They're HUGE. And they're RIGHT THERE. Very Cool. The Monkeys. (Apes?) (Gorillas?) Whatever. Walk through. It's neat. The Tips: It's Florida. Bring Sunscreen. Have towels in the car or in a locker. Perhaps a change of shirt and socks as well, in case of rain or sweat. I usually wear a bathing suit under my shorts and tank top. If you'll be in the area for an extended time, consider their multi-park pass for Sea World in Orlando as well. (And don't miss the Kracken Coaster. OMG!) Bring Ponytail Bands. Crazy Coasters can turn long hair into a birdsnest very quickly. Also it can help you cool down. Drink lots of water. Bring a disposable camera, or hold on to yours REALLY tight. There are no lockers at the rides, and they're pay-per-use in the park. Get there early. Remember: It rains at 3:30pm in Florida. They WILL close rides if lightning is in the area. Wear COMFORTABLE SHOES. Flip Flops tend to fly off on roller coasters, and they often make you take them off. Keep that in mind. Oh, and the ICE CREAM PARLOR near the FRONT GATE?  Yeah, It's AIR CONDITIONED! Sit there for a bit if it's sweltering. Lastly, HAVE FUN! It's an AMUSEMENT PARK and there's lots to do, but the experience is what you make it. Enjoy what Busch Gardens has to offer. It's a great place, with something to amuse everyone, from the kidlets to the crazy coaster enthusiast and everyone in between.
I hate amusement parks but I've been to way worse.
We hadn't been to Busch Gardens in close to 5 years and we were amazed on how much it has changed. We loved it and we plan on going back more often. Its only about 1 hour and 15 minutes away from Orlando and its worth it. For me, Sheikra is the best roller coaster I have ever been on and I have been to many amusement parks across the country. Even though its a short coaster, its amazing and original in every sense. I can go on Sheikra 10 times in one day and it doesn't get old. Every row is good but the First row is great and it will give you a crazy sensation when you look down the 90 degree drop. The new coaster Cheetah was very good and I enjoyed it. Its different than other coasters because its very smooth and it reaches high speeds. It's a long ride compared to Sheikra and the other coaster's this park has to offer. If you dont like roller coaster's, they have a great safari with many animals to enjoy. I am a big Disney fan but I preferred this Safari to The Animal Kingdom. The Animal Kingdom is limited in terms of Animal attractions. Sesame Place is a great place for kids and has rides for 2 and 3 year olds. My son who is 2 had a great time. Big Bird, Cookie Monster and other characters were present and they took pictures and were very friendly. We had Christmas pictures taken inside a blowup snow globe and we were shocked as to how cheap it is to get pictures developed there. At Disney, they charge $14.00 for one 4x6 picture. Here you get the Adventure package for $16.00 and we got like 10 pictures for that price. GO TO SHEIKRA!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED, I PROMISE!
(I'm writing this as a Universal Studios' biggest fan) The coasters at Busch Gardens are top-notch! All the other rides are so-so... You'll see the typical splash rides, bumper cars, 4-D shows, rope climbs... the best part is that the park is actually good for the entire family. There are two great sections for kids (with rides and other ways to spend their energy), thrill seekers, and casual observers-- don't forget, half of Busch Gardens is a zoo with some excellent animal exhibits. In addition to the entire east area, smaller animal exhibits are scattered throughout the western side. the entire park loosely fits under an "African" theme... but don't expect well-done themes that surround entire rides (like Disney). This place also has some well-done shows. PRICE: Ticket value is best of any Florida park. A pass good for the year is the SAME PRICE as a full-paid one-day ticket. No blockout dates. Normally, the lines are also 30 minutes or less everywhere (BG doesn't get as much love).
This is the best amusement park. PERIOD. There is something for everyone. There aren't many places you can go with a kid, adult, and senior citizen, and everyone have a blast. There are great, I mean GREAT roller coasters. There's a zoo and safari ride. There is FREE BEER. Yup, free beer. There are amazing grounds, and the price is less expensive than most of the other parks in Fla. This place has figured out how to add value to fun and that's awesome in my book.
Having an amusement park near by? There's nothing better than that! Amazing roller coasters and events. Lines can be long during the peak seasons but it's not bad if you go when it's not so busy. Besides all the rides there's also animal sight seeings and shows to watch. It's great for kids and also fun for adults. They have a lot of different places to eat at inside the park too!
I would say that 3 roller coasters are worth repeat visits.   They are: Sheikra, Kumba, & Cheetah Hunt.   The Least Thrilling: Montu The Hidden Gem: Sand Serpent The Most Dangerous: Gwazi The Most Relaxing: Sky Ride Hint: Pay the extra $10 to get the All-Day dining if ordering online.  It cost $35 at the park.  I probably grabbed 8 drinks the 8 hours I was there.  It was over 90 degrees and humid. The Iceploration 30 minute show was beautifully choreographed with sharp and stunning bright colors and lighting.  I Loved it!
Given that I cut my roller coaster teeth at THE best park, Cedar Point, I was less than blown away by the rides offered.  However we did have a nice family day here. Plus they offer an amazing $12 deal where you can dine all day at specific restaurants throughout the park. I know you're thinking " I bet the food was garbage and there is only one participating restaurant" and you would be wrong! There were plenty of places to choose from, the food was actually very good, and the portions were plentiful. I don't know how they make money off this deal, but it was worth every dime.  My teenage son who will consume as much food as he can get his hands on, ate pizza, ribs, 2 bacon cheeseburgers, fries, watermelon, Oreo cupcake dessert, plus I can't even recall how many bottles of water he consumed! As much as I love Cedar Point, I would have spent well over $100 to feed this kid and I only spent $12. The kids had a good time, I left with money in my pocket, and Sheikra is a pretty cool ride for the coaster enthusiast!
I love this park. I went for Thanksgiving weekend and had so much fun. We went for today passes and paid for the safari trip to feed the giraffes and see the rhinos up close. It was amazing. The weather was great, the parking was easy, even the food was good for a theme park. We took great pictures of the animals and did the beer tasting. My favorite exhibit was the Lori's Landing. Those birds are crazy for nectar. They were all over my head arms and shoulders. I am an animal lover so this was a dream come true...I recommend coming here it's lots of fun!
Good times. We got the annual pass - good for entry to the park all year long. We upgraded to free parking too. The coasters are fantastic! The park was fairly empty for both days we were there. We ate at the Zambia Smokehouse. For $13 and change I had ribs, chicken, and beef brisket. More than I could eat, and it was delicious! Buy the souvenir cup, and get free Ice-water, or .99 refills all day of sodas, or icees. The park was easy to get into, and easy to get out of. Sheikra was the best coaster. She won't disappoint. Looking forwar to booking the specialty tours. Theres enough of them to last me all year. Check them out before you come. As several of these require a reservation. See you there!
I have the 2yr pass.. I had it for a lil over 6 months... and I've been there 3 times or so. I love theme parks.. and I think Busch Gardens is a GREAT place! It has everything to do! IF YOU WANT JUST A ZOO... BG is not the answer. This place is more than that... It has world known roller coaster, and it's always growing. It has a kid section.. smokers sections.. great shows... I love it! Specially when I have nothing to do... Its a great place to just walk around and chill... Food is pricey like all theme parks, but you can find ur regular theme park snacks.. Alcohol is ok.. (Duh its owned by a brewery) A beer is really good when its hot. The rides are all nice, if you love roller coaster THIS IS THE PLACE. You are gonna find super smooth ones, and rough ones specially Gwazi. Overall I love it here.. and they have Christmas, Halloween, Winter and Summer theme days/nights !
We just come back from Busch Garden We spent the entire day , we had a blast. On a busy day ,buy the Quick Queue it saved our day. I liked the refill policy for the soft drinks and popcorn.
Great rides.....the big coasters will make any enthusiast happy. The addition of the animals here just adds to the amusement park experience. Keep your eyes peeled because ther are big animals tucked away everywhere. My only advice is to stay away from the old wooden coaster. It will rattle your teeth out and leave you begging for your chiropractor.
This is one of the best amusement parks ever.   Mostly because it is home to my favorite rollercoaster: SheiKra I love rollercoasters, (the bigger the better), and I have a sister that won't go near them.  Busch Gardens is a great place for the both of us.  It doesn't disappoint.   The wildlife is really well "displayed", if you will.  Habitats look nicely maintained.   Speaking of well-maintained, their bathrooms are also pretty clean, which is a major plus for places like these. If you are in the Tampa area, definitely hit up busch gardens. Oh yea, and I didn't even mention the FREE BEER.  It's owned by busch, what else would you expect?  (go to the hospitality center)
Why do I love Busch Gardens/ Adventure Island? I am biased, it is close to my house, this is true. My sister comes down from Chicago once a year and we always spend the week at BG. She and her kids love BC head over heals over 6 flags. I would agree the park is big, but that is because of the zoo aspect. They have large areas, including a huge plain, for animals to roam. The rides are grouped in clumps for the most part, making each section a destination in itself. Be prepared to do some walking, or take the train or sky ride. I can go all year for $99.00, including parking. That doesn't pay for a meal at Disney. If you are going to be here more than a few days, get fun card, it is a steal. It is Six Flags Great America as far as rides go? No, but then I have never waited 3 hours for a ride at BG either. Often there is no line at all (except on weekends, naturally). At 6 Flags you can never even get to the rides, you spend all day waiting in line. Summer nights are awesome. The park stays open later, the night is cooler and the lines are shorter. It is much cleaner than any 6 flags I have ever been too. The one near Chgo is filthy. It is not as spotless as Disney, but no place is. Is it hot? Well, it is Florida duh. Complaints about this aspect are really ridiculous lol. The food at Busch is a notch above amusement park food, better than Disney. The animals are fun and a great diversion. They have expanded the animal exhibits greatly over the last few years. You can get up excellent up close views. The help is no where near as friendly as Disney, but that is standard anywhere outside the Magic Kingdom. All that being said, the Busch family is gone, the parks are up for sale and who knows what the new owners may pull. Let's all hope nothing changes.
Very fun! When we first got there it was freezing! After getting off the first roller coaster I thought my hands and face were frozen. Things warmed up and I enjoyed myself very much. Although a lot of things were closed in the park. Half the park was empty. So I didn't have to wait to get on or wait to see any animals. The gorillas were amazing : ) Loved it! Great place.
I loved this place. The rides are awesome and wild. If i had something to criticize it might be that the madagascar show was a little dull. I wouldn't recommend watching it even though the actors seem very talented. Check out the cheeta, but make sure not to eat too much before you ride it.
After you outgrow Disneyland/world, you come here. The coasters are sweet and all have their redeeming points. I believe I did them all and had a great time. Lines get long starting in early afternoon, but we didn't wait longer than 30min during peak time. I suggest getting there early, doing as much as you can, and when things get crowded do the gondola, and or enjoy some food. I like that you can walk around drinking a beer. Speaking of beer, I would also suggest signing up early for the beer tasting class offered. This caps out later in the day and you usually have to sign up on session in advance, but free beer! Also, at the main hub you can get 2 free mini beers. Careful hitting the coasters after both of those...
Surprisingly really good! We could not believe that we were eating this quality of food at a park. I had a chicken plate and my husband had a combo of chicken and ribs. The smokehouse flavors are excellent. This could be a franchise!
Super fun! My favorite time of year to go to Busch Gardens is for Howl-o-Scream. You can ride all the roller coasters at night, and still hit up the haunted houses for a bit of extra scary. And their roller coasters are awesome! They have probably the best group of coasters in Florida. I could ride Shiekra all day.
Nice to go back again !
EZ Pay Scam!!! Do not sign up for their EZ pay service!!! They continued to charge me monthly after sending me an email stating my passes were going to expire. I did not renew and they continued to charge my credit card monthly from september of last year until 3 days ago. They never sent me new passes, emailed me a confirmation of renewal, sent me a receipt for the new charges or otherwise indicate at all that they will keep billing my card. Even after I emailed them they waited 7 day to reply so they could charge my card one last time!!! I called to have them refund the money and they refused even though I never went to the park after my passes expired. They are hoping you will forget to call to stop them from charging your account after the year pass expires and probably make a ton of money with this shady practice of peoples oversights. It makes me sick that a family orientated company of this size would resort to this kind of snake-like behavior to make an extra buck off the backs of working people trying to do something nice for their kids. Boycott this place and let them know they are crooks!!! Spread the word to your friends and family.
The beer tasting was fun, very professional, informative and the selection of beers actually surprised me (and my taste buds). Likewise, the complimentary beers from the Hospitality House were great (Bare Knuckle Stout was my favorite). The rest of my park experience (sky train, safari train, bumper cars, water rapids, ANIMALS!) was also neat. I went on a weekday, in May (considered to be off-season). I'm fairly sure that my experience would have been much different had there been more traffic in the Busch Gardens.
EXCELLENT. Perfect. I rode every single roller coaster they have and i just loved it. The "Sheikra", with a 90 degree fall, is absolutely frightening. i also love the animals they have ( tigers, crocodiles...) It REALLY is a nice place to visit with a group of friends or with family members. You'll definitely have a lot of fun. I suggest you get the "fast pass" .The regular line lasts about 90 min. With the pass you get ahead of the line and it takes you only about 10 min.
Great place to visit big and scary roller costars must go if in Tampa area
This park totally deserves 5 stars! The selection of rides when I visited around 8 years ago was vast and the sheer size of the coasters was amazing. I really enjoyed the animal part of the theme park, but the rides are even better Just beware that it gets really really busy, even during September term-time.
We visited Busch Garden's on our last but one visit to Orlando. We took the coach which only cost $10 roundtrip to Busch Gardens, and had pickup points along the International Drive area. As with most of Orlando's parks, it was very well maintained, and enjoyable to look around. We had a fun (yet tiring day), and would certainly go back to this one again in the future.
Fun time! Great Value! We got a special on-line meal deal when we visited with a bunch of family members and it was awesome! We got to drink and eat all day - anytime for FREE! There were a few things that were excluded but it really didn't matter. Ordinarily when you go to a big amusement place like this you pay through the nose to get in and then double that to eat. This was a welcome surprise and much appreciated! As for the park and rides! Great fun for all ages, something for everyone. I agree with Steve B. stay away from Gwazi...looked easy hurt like crazy! Sheikra on the other hand our party rode it 3 times!!!! AND I want to give a special shout out to the park staff, they were spectacular...We lost are car at the end of the night in the monster size parking lot and they calmed our fears and found it for us! I highly recommend a visit - but check on-line for discounts before you go!
Christmas time @ Busch Gardens is a mad house.... Parking lot full, you have to park in water parks parking lot on next block & take a tram.
Theme park and zoo heaven! This is hands down one of the best zoos in the country and I've been to several top flight zoos including the National Zoo and Cincinnati Zoo. The rides here are GREAT. I may be biased because I lived in Tampa, and my boyfriend's dad works here, and am a pass-holder...hummm   Love Montu, my favorite ride of all time. Ride this in the front at night. I dare you not to duck your legs or scream! Sheikra always gives me butterflies in my stomach and I've ridden it about 50 times. It is always a rush and always awesome. Kumba never get old either and is a pure ge force giant! Cheetah Hunt is quite fun, and is even better at night! Gwazi is rough, but personally I like it. The Phoenix is a crazy looping Viking ship that I personally love. I always think I'm going to get stuck up-side-down, which is part of the fun! You will get WET on the Tilalwave water ride. The log flume ride is good ol classic fun, and Kongo river rapids is a classic tube ride (warning, you can get very wet on this too. This one is a real gamble). The animal exhibits are beautiful, and very up close and personal. You can pet kangaroos and wallabies! if you go on the Sunset safari tour you get a cold beer and can feed the giraffes! This was an amazing experience. It was on the pricey side, but worth the money!The Jungala tiger enclosure is crazy insane and you can walk into a dome and usually there is a tiger next to it or sitting on top if it!  Lots of tropical landscaping, waterfalls, and even performers on stilts! The scenery is great. There is always something to look at. This park beats Disney's Animal Kingdom hands down! The Kinetics Summer Nights show is cirque du soleil worthy and the music is great. Iceplorations is a lovely and top-flight ice skating show and a must see. Madagascar Live is so cute and great if you love the movies as I do! You can get your picture with the characters after the show. The Holiday events Howl-O-Scream and Christmas Town are very good as well, and a great way to get in the spirit. I enjoy both of them for different reasons, but riding the coasters at night is the highlight of both events! Lots of kiddie rides and things to do for kids. All in all a beautiful park, and a must do if you are one of the following; in the Tampa area, a coaster fan, an animal lover, a show lover. On your next Orlando vacation, it may be  an hour out of the way but is totally worth the drive and the theme park price! I'll always be a huge Busch baby!
best theam park in florida, if you like roller coasters and beer, this place is awesome, variety of animals as well. Mon tu is the besttt, definitely coming back
I have wanted to visit Busch Gardens for a very long time. Finally for my birthday, the treat was to visit Busch Gardens. We drove 7 hours down I-75 from Atlanta to visit Busch Gardens. The drive was worth it. We had a great time, mostly riding coasters, but we did get to see some animals. I love the roller coasters. Sheikra was my favorite. Then Cheetah Hunt, along with Gwazi. Montu made me and my friends nausea. We didn't get to ride Kumba and Scorpion. Kumba was closed and Scorpion didn't have the quick queve and the line was long. We did Rhino Rally and that was cool. I was a little disappointed that it was very short. Speaking of Quick Queve, Quick Queve is something I would purchase, you can bypass the lines with it. Also get the food special deal, or diner deal (what ever they call it) you can go inside the restaurant and get whatever you want, and you could always go back to get more food. Quick Queve will come in handy for Cheetah Hunt. When we went back in February, the lines were very long. Also the reason I like Gwazi was that was the first ride we rode, because it was the closest to the entrance. It wasn't the painful bumps you have on some wooden coasters. So ride this one first. Finally, don't ride the river rapids during the winter time. We went in February and it was breezy and 65 degrees. So the water was freezing. So the lowest temperature, that is good to ride the rapids would be 75 degrees. That's about. Busch Gardens is a must place to visit in the Tampa area. So have fun and enjoy Busch Gardens like we did. I hope to return to Busch Gardens again very soon.
Excellent day out, so much to do and see. Went on Sheikra firstwhy!! Didnt know what to expect, but couldnt wait to go on again. It is a very fast and exciting ride. They hold you for what feels like 5 mins above a vertical drop before pushing you off the top.Brilliant! Went straight back on and got on the front row.well worth it, very scary. Other rides very good too, but this was the best. Enjoyed the train ride through the animals, nice commentary all the way round. Bit of a long wait between trains though. Very long queue for Log flume, and as you cant take anything on the ride, one of our party fainted from the heat, so take a bottle of water and throw it away before getting on the ride. First Aid people were excellent though, very nice, polite and helpful.
Word of warning to all here, this is not a dig at Bush Gardens as that was a great day out however terrential rain and thunder storms the day we meant closed all the rides so we went for a bite to eat hung around managed to get on a few rides, (the rides close when it thunders for obvious reasons) then thunder storms again so hung around a bit more then the park was closed. They gave people a free day pass to return but as with most people holidaying in florida your days are mapped out like a military operation which doesn't allow for a return in the hoe of a less thundery day. I'm just glad we managed to get on a few rides and I am glad that I went as it was worth it, I do wonder how much business they must loose especially in the rainy season.
Great coasters!   If you go on a rainy (drizzling, not pouring) day, then skip the Quick Que pass.   Otherwise, the pass is well worth the money so you can jump to the front of the line!
If I could give no stars I most definitely would. Let me start by saying I'm a veterinary student and my fiancée, a nursing student. We both go to school and work full time and never have time for each other. This week we finally had some time and decided to try Busch gardens out...yeah garbage. We got into park and already the rides shut down due to weather so we waited and decided to buy the quick pass so we don't have to wait in line too long when everything finally opens. We waited around, sitting in the rain , for two hours when they finally announced that the rides have opened. We decided to go to one ride and I asked some attendant if I could take my bag with me and she said yes at my own risk of losing it so I went in line as I was walking up some girl that is working the line yells out loudly that I have to go pay for a locker that I can't get on the ride didn't even take that joke of a pass. We didn't use it once. And in order to get money to pay for that freaking locker was at the front of the park to then carry change around. We just paid to sit in the rain and get scolded at in a embarrassing nasty way. I got my money back and will NEVER be returning. This place is a joke and a horrible time. I rather go to Santa's enchanted freaking forest than stepping into this place ever again and that is hard to say. But it's cool go at your own risk people. You will regret it.
My home park is the Busch Gardens in Williamsburg, VA, but I recently went to the park while in Tampa for a few days.  The landscaping in some parts of the park are outstanding, but in other areas (like beside Montu) it doesn't live up to the standards set in my mind by it's sister park in WBurg. What this park lacks in landscaping in some areas is made up by the great attractions they have.  Kumba is a ride not to be missed.  It continues to retain it's smoothness while also being one of the most forceful coasters you'll ever experience.  It's fast and it keeps it's speed through the terrain. One thing I can tell you is that the loaded cheese fries are awesome, but make sure you don't eat them near any birds, they will dive bomb your snack. All in all, if you get a chance to make a trip here, do it, you won't be disappointed.
What you really have to look forward to is the four huge roller coasters here- the best part.  The mix of animals is such a cool and different concept. My kids went nuts when they got to feed baby kangaroos and tropical birds. What a unique experience! So much more shade and ways to stay cool than at Disney.
We love this place. Military gets in free once a year. There was so much to do we only was only on one side of the park. So much Entertainment. We will go back.
Not as epic as Orlando, but a coaster is a coaster is a coaster. The water park next door brings many welcomed slides and that lazzyyyyyy river is always a must have! Blizzard beach has my heart though with that monster tall slide!!!!!!!
some of my fondest memories are of riding roller caosters and visiting zoos and here at Busch Gardens you can do both! I was amazed at well decorated the grounds were during Christmas time and now spring time. This place is amazing can't stress enough that this is one of my favorite places in Tampa! Great prices fun fro the whole family!
Hey, not a bad place to chill for a day in Tampa.  No where near as colorful and big as Disneyworld, but its a good (and cheaper) alternative.   Check-in gates should be shaded because the lines can be long and the sun can be brutal.  We give Busch Gardens a little hug, not a big juicy hug.  Verdict: 3 stars.
Busch Gardens is always a good time!  We went on a Wednesday & still busy.  Best rides are the Shiekra & Montu.  Best deal for a 1 day ticket is online for $50.  Have been also in Williamsburg..will be back
Great experience! Sesame Street Safari was PERFECT for our 17 month old.  The parent swap option at the roller coasters allowed me and my husband to enjoy the roller coasters. Lunch with Elmo was AMAZING! The food was yummy and our son had a great time, including our picture with Elmo and Zoe, which was included in the cost for the lunch.   The "Zoo" portion was beautiful and I really feel we got our money's worth.  Can't wait to go back!
Buy the All Day Dining Plan, even if you only eat one meal here. Read more about it at the bottom of my review. Came on July 5th. Arrived at 9am. parked slowly filled up through the day. By 1 or 2 pm we started feeling the press of people. All the staff, including the food service staff was very friendly. We ate at three different restaurants, Colony House, Zambia Smokehouse and the Desert Grill. Unlike a lot of parks, the food at each restaurant was good. Not OMG Great! but good - much better than I expected. Each place offers a different dining atmosphere. Zambia Smokehouse - says it has A/C. If they did it wasn't working. Desert Grill - Great A/C! Large open area with picnic tables lined up in front of a stage. We escaped to here when the rain came. Colony House - This has the best view. You can look out onto the grazing range and watch the Giraffes, zebras...etc. Good A/C and it has a full bar. For the most part they are pretty effficient at moving people through ride lines, but it is what it is. They tout that the Cheetah rollercoaster can move almost 1400 people an hour. The line does move quick. The Montu coaster (in the Egypt area) is hard to get to because of the inefficient way the park is laid out, but it is well worth it. It is my favorite coaster in the park. The log flume ride is one of the longest waits - tight, cramped line and hot. Not worth the wait if you ask me. I think the MOST IMPRESSIVE part of this park is their animal exhibits. I'm not a big fan of zoos but I have to say I am impressed with the focus on the the animals and the habitats they have for them. It is obvious they love and care for their animals as well as the best of zoos. DO NOT PASS UP the opportunity to take in any of the "animal closeups" where the keepers come out and tell you intimate details about their animals. Not just information about the species but about the animals, their names and their individual personalities. The Elephants, Cheetahs, tiger and ape exhibits offer multiple points of view of the animals. The bad. The layout of the park. There is no shortcut through the middle of the park. You do A LOT of walking. The Egyptian area where the MONTU coaster is (about the only thing there really) is more or less a spur off the main park loop. ALL DAY DINING. For an extra $10 dollars a ticket you eat free as much as you want at all the major restaurants in the park AND HALF PRICE at all other food vendors in the park. When water is $2.50 a bottle, you save quick. For 4 us us, we spent maybe an extra $20 on food-drink and that was out of convenience. We could have spent less. BEER IS HALF PRICE TOO. We paid $6.00 for two 20oz. beers intead of $12.
A thoroughly enjoyable family experience.  I suggest getting the season pass as the park has too many things to enjoy in one visit. Birds, wildlife, safari by jeep in the outback not to be missed.  For day trip, I recommend getting the day admission plus the "Eat all day" option.  Well worth it and all food is free at select restaurants during the day.  Save your appetite though to fhe BBQ restaurant at the far side of the park. Also there is a yellow form that permits you to skip forward to the front of the line.  Inquire about this at guest relations.  Suggest you take a fanny pack and enclose your wallet and cell phone in a Ziploc bag.  Why. So you can ride the water drenching ride of the Tidal wave and Rapids. Total Total fun and there is a drying station next to the ride to dry you off for $5. Adventure and fun for the entire family.
Some of the best, most thrilling, make-me-scream roller coasters I've ever ridden have been here. Plus, there's a wildlife refuge so when you don't feel like roller-coastering you can go look at hippos.
If you like rides, you need to go here!  Always clean and nice employees. The animal exhibits are nice and lines for most rides are long. The newer Jungala area is nice.
Pretty good park.  I'm spoiled in California with 6 Flags, but this isn't too far of a step behind.  They just need that 1 super big coaster to seal the deal.  A lot of pretty good rides tho.
We love Busch Gardens because they have something for everyone. Extensive fun for kids of every age, from seeing animals to kids rides that keep them entertained. Nice, friendly staff. The food is actually pretty good for an amusement park and there are tons of different options. The annual pass makes it worthwhile for us to go when we have a free day - ask for stroller parking if you have small kids, it's the equivalent of free preferred parking.
Adult friendly indeed. Lots of cool roller coasters that help you lose your stomach. Shared lots of laughs with the very friendly giraffes. For $36 bucks you can go on a safari adventure and explore many endangered species. Short lines and not bombarded with impatient tourists. Busch Gardens was a breath of fresh after braving Walt Disney World. Also happy that Busch was open on Christmas day. Beer was very fresh. I did expect more beer stands around the park but can understand why there wasn't because Busch no longer owns it. Overall two late twenty-somethings had a blast!
Kids had very good time alot of new roller coasters and plenty animal exhibits. Iceploration show was very entertaining. Great place to take your kids.
I've always loved this park.  I've been here plenty of times, and this last one was a little disappointing.  It's still a great park, but after paying $77 to get my three-year-old in, I wish there were more that a three-year-old could do.  I was also a little disappointed that I couldn't find the free beer they used to have.  It's possible that I missed it, but I looked pretty hard.  It was pretty expensive to buy beer (you'd think it would be cheaper, you're basically buying it at an outlet store, although maybe that's different now that they don't have the brewery anymore), so I went without.  Food was also expensive.  It felt like they were nickel-and-diming me after I had already paid $250 to get in.  Next time, I'll find a Florida resident to go with me.
Since I am from California and have Disneyland so close to home, I would go to Busch Gardens any day over Disneyland. The park is clean, beautiful and so much to do! My family and I had a great day there with short lines for rides. You can get up close to many animals at the park. We did get the all day dining and was well worth it! You can also get free bottles of water at different locations instead of having to get soda. Enjoyable park to visit!
My family and I, we go to Orlando a few times a year since we have a 5 year old that always wants Disney Disney Disney! Well, the last 2 times we decided to jump to Tampa and go to Busch Gardens for a little change. Best decision ever! We ended up buying the Annual Pass. The park is so complete with things to do for kids and adults! The playground for the kids is amazing! The little roller coasters are awesome too! It gives them a chance to experience the "adult thrills" but for their age. And as an adult, you won't get bored with so many rides to choose from! I think is the perfect combination for the price you pay so that the entire family can have fun. And the prices inside the park are ok, not cheap, but not overly expensive like Disney. :-)
This was my first visit to Busch Gardens.  Nothing can compare to a Disney park, but this one is pretty close.  I visited with my daughter and her boyfriend, and our mission was to ride all of the roller coasters. February is a great time to go as there are very few lines and hardly more than a 10 minute wait.  The first roller coaster we rode was the wooden roller coaster Gwazi.  It was literally the best wooden roller coaster I have ever been on, it is fast and rickety!  We also rode Montu, Kumba, Cheetah Hunt and Sheikra.  Because there are no lines, we rode in the front seat and back seat of most of them. The park is huge and involves a LOT of walking.  The animal habitats are some of the best I have seen.  The tiger exhibit has a box you can climb up into, and the tiger is sitting on top!  That was so fantastic!! We turned our ticket in at the end of the day for a free one, but we were so exhausted by the end of the week (and all the other parks) that we just couldn't do the hour drive again.  This park gets a 4 compared to a Disney park because the employees are unfriendly and act as if they do not wish to be there, and the park is nowhere near as clean or well maintained as a Disney park.  But the roller coasters are excellent!
A great deal to get the year pass in the beginning of the year when its the regular ticket price. A nice location and venue to just pop over for an afternoon taking a half day at work or something. Go over on a hot afternoon and hit the water rides. :)
We have a home in Florida that we vacation every year. This was our first trip to Busch Gardens. Glad we went it was awesome. We did the Sunset Safari and got to feed giraffes. There is lots to do in Florida. Go to Busch Gardens you will Not be disappointed. The park was nice and clean and far less crowded than Disney World. Good food also we all enjoyed it a lot.
I have come here before and of course if u know the rides it pretty much speaks for itself. There's no way u can't have a good time. I came here on christmas day for the second time with my son for the first time but this time I went to the animal side, it was awesome! My 1 yr old son loved the birds since they were much more active compare to the other animals lol. I would say he's favorite was the sesame street show (his favorite elmo of course). To our luck, elmo was the only character who even came up to him, even though my son froze lol, it was awesome, I even teared, it was his first show. Above all, good walk, good sight seeing, great experience!
Had a good time. Great idea in having a full zoo in the theme park. The elephant walk and obstacle course was great as the trainers were very knowledgeable and interactive. Did not venture on to the roller coasters as was with two infants but they looked awesome. Will definitely come back.
Just got season passes for the family. We haven't been in years, but still had our souviner cups and popcorn bucket.. If you have one, bring it! It will save you alot of money! .99 cent refills!! Awesome! It just sucks that they closed down the hospitality bar years ago, I really miss that... They did add a lot more stuff since if been. Cheetah hunt, jungala and Sesame Street.. It was a lot of fun, the kids love it.. That's all that matters..
It was just ok but that shakiera ride is awesome.  This is one of those places if you are in Tampa I would venture too.  If you are military you and your family get in for free.
We went because the admission was included in the package we got with Discovery Cove.  We were there for only about 3 or 4 hours before we got bored and left.  Certainly not worth the 2 hour drive from Orlando. One good thing about Busch Gardens is that if you have a mix of rollercoaster enthusiasts and chickens in your group, everyone will have something to do.  The downside is that everyone will only have something to do for a few hours.  There are only a handful of rollercoasters, all of which are pretty tame compared to 6 Flags Great America and are REALLY short.  Then, once you've taken the Serengeti Express to see the animals, you've pretty much done it all.  There's an aviary and a cave and a few other exhibits tucked around the park, but definitely not enough to fill up the entire day.   This park is HUGE, but most of it is filled up with carnival games and souvenir booths.  So you have to walk forever through the sweltering heat to get to anything of any consequence.  There's a 4-D theater, but it's cheesy and the sound didn't work half the time. Whatever you do, DO NOT go in May.  This place was SWARMING with school groups... you know, 30 kids supervised by 2 adults, hopped up on sugar and excitement, running around with giant carnival prizes, cutting you off, screaming, jumping around, running into you...   This place is probably a blast if you have little ones and want to play with them in Busch Garden's giant (and really cool looking) kiddie play areas.  But if you want to ride rollercoasters, just go to 6 Flags... there will be more and better rides, and you won't get bored so quickly.  If you want to see animals, go to a zoo... you'll see more animals and you won't have to walk around such a sprawling park to see them and you'll be far more comfortable. Bottom line:  Do it once, if you must (just not in May).  But otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it.  There are better theme parks out there.
I love this place because the people there are nice and that's is important considering its a tourist attraction. Though I live in Chicago, I've taken my 2 year old to BG 3 times in 2010 alone! There is a lot of construction going on, but there is still lots to do. I'm not giving it 5 stars because there were one too many downed rides EVERY time we were there. Other than that, it's a nice place to visit...go to the shows and return the next day if you can because it adds to the experience by helping you to feel that the park fee you paid is worth it. BTW, the parking is extra of course but if you attend sister parks the same day, you don't pay for parking there if you show your receipt.
Busch Gardens has some of the best roller coasters in the world.  Gwazi is the most underestimated and underrated roller coaster.  Riding it at night is absolutely thrilling.  It's the only wooden roller coaster and it really offers big thrills.  It's the most thrilling aside from Sheikra.  Montu is well renowned for being a great floorless coaster with alot of twists and turns.  Scorpion and Kumba are solid coasters also. Sheikra is the most terrifying thing I've ever been on, especially at night.  Hanging with your face down 200 feet in the air waiting to be dropped is very intimidating.  It happens twice by the way.  The park is very large and one of the more difficult parks to navigate around.  I highly recommend Rhino Rally or the safaris.  They also have a whitewater rafting ride and a flume ride.  The railroad can take you from one side of the park to the other and offer great views.  Busch Gardens is one of the greatest parks ever especially if you love roller coasters. Not as much as a reality turning special effects festival as Universal or Disney but definitely scarier more intense rides.
Nice place. Didnt ride roller coasters.  I didnt feel like having a heart attack. Like all other parks, its expensive but what the hell, youre not doing this everyday.   Spend money on the meal plan, the express pass for the rides....its worth it....
Forget the Zoo...Come here to witness wildlife in action.
I love and have always loved the mix of thrill rides and animals in this park.  My only real complaint is that the rides tend to break down quite a bit which leads me to believe they need better maintenance.
Busch Gardens is always a great place to spend the day.  They really have some great entertainment. But the thing that really upset me was NO PEPSI PRODUCTS. They took away our free beer tears ago. Now PEPSI ? Whats next ????. The good news is you can bring your Pepsi and they will even give you a cup of ice.. How nice
I do not recommend using their monthly EZ pass - if you have any billing issues their phone doesn't work and they just keep emailing you to cal the phone number that says... Sorry our system is busy call back another day. Spent 2 full days getting issues resolved and had to do complete work around to get it - their phone # never worked. Very frustrated
Great park. Better coasters than Disney, and better prices. I went in October, the off-season, but enjoyed perfect weather and zero crowds. The only line we stood in all day was 15 minutes for lunch at Bengal Bistro. Disney moves people much better, and passengers wait for too long to board rides...but the rides themselves are so much better. Two days later, my shoulders and collarbones are still sore from riding the coasters and being tossed upside down. I must have ridden 30+ times. Sheikra is amazing, Cheetah Hunt and Mantu are world-class. Do Disney if your kids are all under 7-8 or so. Do Busch Gardens if the kids are bigger.
Quarter and dollar you to death
The first thing we did was sit on the Gwazi!  I had never been on a roller coaster before.  It was a horrible experience for me.  I felt my heart would stop and closed my eyes till the end.  Never rode a big roller coaster after that.  They have a lot of thrilling rides like Montu - you hear people screaming for their lives at every corner.  The smaller ones like cheetah chaser, 2 water rides and the trolley that passes over the zoo were fun.   I enjoyed the little safari and we got pretty close to the rear end of a rhino on that one.  Its a big area and they have lots of species of birds and animals.  Food and water is a tad expensive like at other amusement parks.
I love spending the day here, especially since I live a few miles away.  The park has some amazing roller coasters including Sheikra and Montu.  My favorite ride, as funny as it is, is the Sandstorm.  Great mixture of rides and animals.
Maybe it was because we went there on the 4th of July but our experience was less than thrilling. The staff seem to not want to be there and it showed. There was a few concession stands where they were training new hires (on the 4th!?) Other concession stands had 4 or 5 people standing around when there was maybe 1 person in front of us and we waited 5 minutes to pay for gouge priced drinks. One person was actually making believe she was drying the counter when in fact she was just moving a wet rag around  in slow motion! The park dfid not have clear signs and we spent the majority of the day running around in circles always stopping and ask directions. The wooden roller coaster was the worst ride ever! The sky ride was not working Falcon Fury should have been open and even finding the parking area was confusing. Between me and my wife paying $600 between gas, hotel, admission, guik queue, parking, and concessions to spend one day here was not worth it! We were so disgusted and disappointed we left before the fireworks show!!
Busch Gardens has great deals for admission. It's a great place to see some cool animals, drink beer and waste a lazy afternoon; however, if you're not a little guy, don't expect to ride the roller coasters! We took advantage of their annual pass promotion, so the ticket price was fairly inexpensive. We have found their meal plan to be a great deal if you're planning to spend the entire day at the park. For about $25/person, you can enjoy unlimited food and beverages at designated restaurants and eateries.  It was worth the $25 alone just for unlimited bottles of water! The animals in the park are kinda cool to see and if you're a beer drinker there's a vendor on every corner, but the shows are kinda lame - I found the pirate show to be a joke. The roller coasters are very plentiful, but they are NOT designed to fit everyone. In fact, while I looked around the park, there were MANY, MANY people who did not fit in the seats of the roller coasters - Disney needs to give them some tips on designing rides! The wooden roller coaster hurt to ride - roller coasters shouldn't hurt. I had several bruises on my legs from the wooden coaster. Overall, I am really not impressed with Busch Gardens....but Disney on the otherhand, now there's a park!
I love this place.  It's expensive, but the animals are in very nice habitats.  Rides are decent, not great, but fun.  It's kind of like a zoo plus, the animals are really the main attraction, rides are just extra.
Got some nice animal shots at Busch Gardens yesterday.  Overall the experience there was horrible and my phone was stolen.  One of the big advertisements of Busch Gardens is the Safari experience, little did I know if was an additional $40 per person to do it, it's not part of the entrance fee.  Not that it mattered much because they wouldn't let the kids go so we couldn't go.  As we contemplated want to do next they have a little covered seating area right next to it so we went there to sit down.  Because we didn't pay for the Safari they kicked us out, they wanted to charge us more money to get the kids out of the heat. Last year we went to Animal Kingdom and that Safari ride wasn't an additional cost and the overall experience was much nicer.  We still have a trip to Sea World which is part of the family of parks that includes Busch Gardens, Sea World and Aquatica.  I have a feeling everything is going to cost extra. I'm sure teenagers will love the coasters (which I was kicked off because I had a camera) but next time we come down we will stick to the Disney Parks.
I'm absolutely crazy about Busch Gardens.  As a Florida resident living in the ultimate theme park state, I would have to say Busch Gardens is one of my top favorites of all the theme parks, if not my number one favorite.  I like it, because in my opinion, it's just the right size- it's not too huge that it can't be conquered in one day, but there is just enough to keep you on your toes.  I think it has the perfect mix of everything that anyone would be looking for/ expecting in a theme park!  They have plenty of high intensity roller coasters for those, like me, who love the rush that comes with such rides.  They have plenty of activities, games, arcades, rides and attractions for children of all ages.  They have animal habitats, plus viewing and petting areas so it provides that zoo feel.  They have beautifullly manicured grounds and lush gardens that add to the overall appeal of the park.  There are also a good handful of water rides so it also has that water park feel as well.  There is also no shortage of bathrooms, stores/ shops, concessions and dinning areas, which to me is also just as important as the big attractions.  To me it has all the elements of a good theme park.  P.S. Sheikra is the BEST roller coaster!!!
I went to Busch Gardens as a kid about 3-4 times. I loved the environment and I like how wide open the areas felt. I didn't feel like a sardine in the amusement park, which sounds insane, I know. It's no Disney World but it is a great place to bring your kids or to spend an evening with your hot date. Also, I don't like Busch beer. Just throwing that out there.
Awesome amusement park! Rollercoasters,water rides, safari! Great selection of things to do. Awesome kids area!! Howl O Scream is fun also!
Busch Gardens is a nice and fun theme park. They have lots of rides and fun roller coasters. They also have shows for the people who don't ride rides. Another thing that makes this park unique is the wildlife. They have all diffeent kinds of animals and shows that you can learn more about them. There are games and the food is good. Even though it ks a little pricey just for the day, it is still definitly somewhere you'd want to check out if you haven't been.
Imagine (for you Chicagoans) Lincoln Park Zoo with roller coasters and you have Busch Gardens.  Better than Santa's Village, worse than Six Flags.  Since there's not much in Tampa entertainment wise, I give Busch a rather lukewarm 'Thumbs Up'.
If you haven't you should go... remember if you have a florida resident with you you can get an annual pass for the price of a day pass and it's like 60-70 instead of the hundreds for disney. great for children with the zoo section and the kid's section with tike rides as well. Definitely has some good roller coasters as well. Go mid week and ride he ride with almost no lines.
Busch Gardens is great.  I love their dedication to not only animals and educating the public, but their awesome array of rollercoasters.  You will not find a theme park with more roller coasters than Busch Gardens in the Orlando/Tampa area. I felt that I would need a solid 2 days to see everything, but we also went during Christmas break so the place was packed.  We only went on one rollercoaster since the lines were so long but it was definitely worth the wait. Cheetah Run is totally badass. Sheikra looks really scary too and was one we wanted to go on when we returned. If I was here on vacation I would seriously consider paying for the quick passes because the lines were so long.  Since we have annual passes we will be back but in the off season when we won't have to sit in lines all day.
Go on Shekira!!!
Best amusement park ever.  Animals + Beer + Rollercasters = Good Times.  FYI- they let veterans and family in free.
Freak yeah! Busch Gardens is by far the best theme park and concept in the US. Don't get me wrong, it does not have the quantity like your Six Flags but definatly the quality. For those who haven't been there its a Six Flags mixed with the Zoo. There are animal exibits in between walking from attraction to attraction. The rides are awesome and intense. The price is no as bad as Disney parks but are more fun IMO. This location used to have a albino alligator in captivity that was probably the coolest thing ever!
I grew up in Orlando and, oddly, Busch Gardens was the theme park with the most cache and that my friends and I loved.  Maybe it was because it was more of an adventure driving over to Tampa than to the other side of town or maybe it was because Orlando-Metro schoolkids went to every Orlando theme park on field trips all the time.  For me personally, I think it was the animals and rollercoasters. Long before Islands of Adventure or Animal Kindgom, Busch Gardens was THE place to go.  I celebrated a birthday here circa 1986, came over on day trips in high school, had an annual pass all through my college career in Sarasota, and have continued to love this park after settling in the Tampa area.  I think there are three or four main reasons Busch Gardens has withstood the test of time and why it has been a solid FIVE star experience for me for nearly 30 years. #1 - The Animals - Busch Gardens Tampa is African themed and has an amazing collection of animals from around the world.  The animal exhibits are immersive and tucked into the Florida landscape making the park experience one of exploration and discovery for guests.  The park is laid out in winding paths and little nooks and around every corner there is a new exhibit or animal showcase.  I had a lovely day at the park with my (then 80-something) Grandfather where the only things we did were the animal exhibits and shows.  It was a full and fun day and we really enjoyed checking out all the exhibits.  One of my favorites has always been the "caves" - an area near Crown Colony with bats, snakes, and all sorts of awesome creepy crawlies.  I also really appreciate Busch Gardens commitment to education and conversation.  They had natural and large exhibit spaces long before that became the standard and the animal shows have always been very well done. #2 - The Rides - While there are other parks with roller coasters now, Busch Gardens still has the claim to fame with the most varied and largest number of coasters in Florida.  Many may not remember it now, but Kumba was the first monster steel coaster in Florida, Montu was the first inverted, and SheiKra was the first with that thrilling death drop.  As time has gone on, Busch Gardens has phased out some of the more carnival-type rides (which makes me sad) and the amazing monorail (not so much a ride as a great way to see the Serengeti animals but still awesome).  But they still have the SkyWay buckets, the train, and a few other classics.  Timbuktu still has a number of cool, smaller rides like the Phoenix (the upside down ship) and cool, spinny things (the Sandstorm?).   #3 - Great Deals for Locals - Busch Gardens has kept their pricing competitive against the big boys in Orlando, but more importantly, they have offered the absolute best deals for Florida Residents and locals of any of the parks for over 20 years.  With Annual Passes only $10-20 more than a 1 Day Admission, BG has kept me coming back again and again for special events like their concerts and amazing entertainment options.  (Can I mention how mad I am at myself that I never caught the Dance/Tango show before it departed for a still continuing run on Broadway?)  It seems like Disney, Universal and the rest draw so many tourists that they have not always been good about offering great deals to keep locals coming back throughout the year.  Sure, there are whole collections of parks up there, but I still don't have $400+ per person to blow on passes with tons of exclusions and blackout dates and no good options for free parking.   #4  - Smart Park Design - Busch Gardens is a compact little gem but the best thing about the park design is that it is NOT a sea of endless concrete.  Florida only has 2 temperatures - hot and "OMG, I'm dying it's so hot".  Unlike any of the other parks I can think of, BG has always had trees, shaded spots, and the cooling help of water rides and misters.  It seems odd to wax poetic about the beauty of smart Florida landscaping, but BG does a great job of presenting a living, breathing, growing park experience with lovely flowering plants, trees, and native foliage.  I've found it to be the most pleasant of the parks when it comes to walking around all day. Overall - BG is still my top pick of all the parks.  Good rides, wonderful animal exhibits and pretty good food for a theme park.  Word to the wise - Always eat at the Crown Colony Restaurant (not the cafeteria downstairs).  Sure, lunch for one will run you $16-20 with tip, but two words make it worth it - FREE REFILLS.  After a few times of sitting on the shady verandah overlooking the Serengeti exhibit, guzzling glass after glass of iced tea while giraffes wandered by - I was hooked.
This is a superb theme park with something for all ages. High octane rollercoaster rides, great water drenching rides, high quality entertainment  and an animal park too. Did I forget to mention that smokers are treated as tax paying human beings in designated smoking areas and not pushed to the edges of the park hidden behind a small forest of bushes?
Busch Gardens has the best of all worlds.  I love how there are shows, games, animals, rides and roller coasters. Enough entertainment for the whole family or even a date weekend. The food options are far from gourmet but it gets you through the day.  The price for a one day admission is the same as the Fun Pass which allows you to go back multiple times until 12/31. It is definitely one of the best valued parks around. Sometimes there are even groupon deals as well.  You can't beat that!! My favorite roller coaster is Montu.  I also enjoy the newer coaster Cheetah Hunt.  I love seeing the different animals. There is a cool app that even tells you wait times and an interactive map. Make sure your phone is charged :) Overall it's a fun time for all and well worth it!
When I was in high school I used to work at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in Virginia. This is not nearly as good. Don't get me wrong its still nice just not as good as it's Virginia counterpart. I did have a good time overall though and they run a great deal with the pay for a day and get the whole year.
Spent 8 years in New Tampa, ten minutes from the park, so I bought the platinum family pass which includes free parking near the entrance to the park, and discounts on food, souvenirs, and special events like Howl-O-Scream.  Easily saved the extra cost in parking fees and time wasted waiting for the tram. I've done all the theme parks in Florida, but with the exception of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Busch Gardens is my favorite as a Florida resident. If you are willing to go on non-peak times, it's a quick walk to the front of the line for most rides, and the Halloween event is much more user friendly and affordable than the Universal Studios event which is way too crowded. The food, particularly the Zambia Smokehouse is very good, and you get a lot of it for the price--only Dollywood in Tennessee has better values. Love feeding the Kangaroos in the Australian section, and if you arrive in a slow day, you can get up close and personal with the various animals in Jamba Junction.
Wow! My family and I loved Busch Gardens. The combination of rides and animal attractions means you never get bored walking around. The rollercoasters were all fun, especially the Cheetah, which uses magnets to shoot you down the track super-fast. The kangaroo exhibit was adorable (who knew that kangaroos had soft fuzzy noses?) and the other animal exhibits, like the tigers and elephants let you see the animals clearly and looked well-maintained, clean, and interesting for the animals. We bought a package from AAA that included 1 meal for $69.99 and ate BBQ at the Zambia Smokehouse. The food was better than the average amusement park stuff, although if you wanted anything other than the 1 included entree, the prices got steep quickly.  We didn't even have time to ride the train or do the Safari excursion, so I can definitely imagine going back.
I've been a Busch Gardens pass holder for several years and have not regretted it one bit. There's always so much to do there! Somedays, I just go to grab a beer and watch giraffes if I'm not feeling in a mega coaster mood. And when I am experiencing coastermania, they have so many types of coasters for me to get my fix. In addition to coasters, they also have some cool shows. I ran into Iceploration to hide from the rain once, and it was quite good. The skaters were very talented. The concerts are also really good and included with your admission. They plan so many different events that I feel like there's always something new to do. In terms of food, it's generally pretty affordable. I think the best bets are the Smokehouse, pretzel place, Crown Colony, or the other restaurant in Pantopia. The one in Pantopia is a great place to take a breather, as they have lots of seating and entertainment, too. Overall, it's a great park, and I will miss having it super nearby. BG treats annual pass holders well and provide lots of nice discounts/promotions. I look forward to seeing what they come up with next.
A decent amusement park similar to Disney, Universal or even Alton Towers in England. It also has the dubious honour of having the Budweiser museum, tasting and shire horses.
Ohhhh Busch gardens... I have been here about 6 times this year because the season ticket fun pass was only 10 more dollars than the one day ticket. You should come here for one reason and one reason only- ROLLER COASTERS! They have some of the top roller coasters such as cheetah hunt, SHIEKRA, and Falcons fury! Cheetah hunt is the most fun in my opinion, but for thrills-falcons fury and sheikra are the scariest coasters in florida! These coasters are really what makes the park fun and different from the rest. And then comes.. The animal/zoo part of the park....... The Nile crocodile sits in a small tank about the size of my bedroom, the hippos are In a tank about the size of my backyard, and the tigers and lions are being antagonized by little kids screaming at them and banging on the glass. It's typical for any zoo, but I hate seeing animals in any environment other than their own. It really isn't fair to them and I wish that Busch gardens was a regular theme park without the use of wild animals. Take notes from islands of adventure and universal Busch! Their parks are still amazing with a theme and rides, and no animals. Anyways.. Besides the coasters, the park is pretty boring. It always seems like no one is there and that I am in the miami metro zoo. The park is so quiet, no excitement really. It kind of downs my vibe. I rate their coasters a 5 and everything else a 2. Maybe it's just the location of Tampa, I don't really know. They need to spice it up a little.
One of my favorite theme parks to go to.  They have many great coasters.  If you need a breather between rides, they have animals here too. This place is well maintained.  Of you love animals and coasters, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!
I am a Florida Girl and this is my main park for fun and thrills. I know it may not compare to the top 10 coasters you see on the travel channel and stuff, but I don't like those crazy rides all the time, so the roller coasters here are a nice ride. So what do I love about Busch Gardens...1. They have animals and coasters. 2. They have howl o scream 3.Their prices are reasonable. 1. I like the fact that I can see animals and ride rides for one price. The animals you may find include alligators, flamingos, primates, cheetahs, tigers, rhinos, hippos(I think) and giraffes. They also have a cool bird area where you can feed these pretty colorful birds, I forgot their names. My favorite rides are cheetah hunt and sheikra. They also have an ice skating show, but I never have time to watch it. 2. Howl o scream is their Halloween themed nights. There are zombies walking around, people hiding trying to scare you, and haunted houses. I hate hunted houses...I scream and laugh with my eyes closed the entire time. I hate things popping out even though I know its not real. I don't know why I even torture myself with them. You can also ride the rides during howl o scream and there are discounted prices on certain nights. It's really fun. 3. You can pay less than $100 and get in the rest of the year free. have you been to Disney or Universal lately? If you have, you know that less than $100 for a year pass is GREAT! BTW: Parking is around $17
The new Cheetah ride is  smooth. I loved it! I felt like I was 8 again.  They have 3 cheetah cats on exhibit. the park is well manicured and the lines are not too long.
I keep forgetting how many times I've been to Busch Gardens and am surprised it took me this long to review it, but here I am, finally. Busch Gardens provides the stomach-dropping fun of several roller coasters. Some are better than others -- AKA don't put me on the rickety wooden coasters (those really hurt, actually) but instead put me on Cheetah Hunt! Woo hoo. Montu is also great. Sheikra has to be the most terrifying ride I've ever been on in my entire life, and I consider myself a bit of a thrillseeker in theme park land. Those few seconds seem to last forever when you're at the very top of the coaster, looking down at Tampa. The park also boasts a lot of animals, which is really cool. You can hop on the tram and jet across the park and see all the elephants and other animals just hanging out. Prices are good, the entertainment is great. Busch Gardens also has really fun events like Howl-O-Scream and Christmas Town, which lights up the whole park and is one of the coolest events I've been to at a theme park.
I liked it. It was less pressure than Disney and did not seem as expensive. Military families get in for free!! At 80 dollars per person that is a great and much appreciated discount. The animal displays were amazing....I have never been so close to lions and hyenas before. Did not do the rides because we were with our small child.  Unfortunately he was a bit too short to thoroughly enjoy the sesame portion of the park. Overall it was a very enjoyable experience.
If you plan to visit Tampa, I HIGHLY recommend getting the city pass. For roughly $120 per person you get admission to five main attractions, one of them being Busch Gardens. My boyfriend and I knew we made an excellent choice getting the city pass when we arrived at BG and saw that general admission was $95. And parking is $17. Yeah, it's expensive but the park needs to be maintained somehow. I think it's worth paying that much to go to Bush Gardens. It's like a zoo and amusement combined together. It's huge and it has an African theme. My boyfriend and I had a blast here. The lines were short and the longest we waited in line was 20 minutes. I really had fun feeding the kangaroos and birds. Food is expensive, so we got one entree and split it. Busch Gardens isn't just for kids- it's for everybody! There is a lot to see and do. It's too bad BG closes early!
Loved the rides. No complaints.
For roller coaster and thrill ride enthusiasts there is no place better in Florida and certainly not at such a reasonable price for annual passes.  The park is laid out in a somewhat mazelike circle so be sure to bring a map or you may end up back at the beginning without having experienced everything it has to offer. The reason I only give 4 stars is because the animals on site always seem a bit depressed.  Their enclosures are small and seem cramped especially the elephants which never seem happy.  On specialty nights like Howl O Scream especially the animals don't seem to understand what is happening and seem upset. The rides and food are 5 stars but they should either get rid of the animals by sending them to places where they can have bigger enclosures or build a separate park. I highly recommend Busch Gardens for the thrill seeker visiting Tampa Bay.
Busch Gardens is a great park/zoo.  Busch Gardens parks always have great roller coasters.  They have plenty of rides to go on both for young kids and adults.  The zoo part of the park is nice also for younger kids.  The major roller coasters, Shiekra and Cheetah Run you may want to try to hit those first because the always have long lines.  I love Shiekra it is by far one of the best rides in the park, Cheetah Run on the other had is long and pretty fast but if you like thrills loops and cork screws then you would get bored of this ride.  Overall this is a great park and I love coming here.
Why 4 stars? Because my first review was unfair.   ---   ---   --- I think I was just too used to living near a park that's known for super thrill rides. 2 stars, Busch Gardens does not deserve, though. When you compare it to all of the other parks in Florida, and most around the country, BG is great, and probably the best value in Florida. A one day pass at Disney costs $95. $95 at BG lets you come back all year. BG is also significantly more fun than Disney. BG doesn't have the amount of thrill rides that Cedar Point does, but no park in the country can claim that. BG also has a freakin zoo, and cool events like Howl-O-Scream and Christmas Town. I don't really know what I was thinking with my original review.
Park is starting to look aged, animal area starting to feel too old zoo-ish.  Rides are good but several not working every time i go.  OK food to be found, typical theme park fair at best.  I miss the free beer line, thanks inbev lol.
So this is my first time back here in 30+ years and wow have things changed. So much to do and enjoy. Rides, arcades, safaris, lots of food options and shops. Surprised at the prices being lower than most amusement type parks. Food fairly reasonable and not charged $4 for bottled water. Lockers everywhere to access as needed and certainly before going on some rides where you cannot have anything that you carry. Lockers only 50 cents which is really cheap for some sense of security. Parking was $17 which I thought was kind of steep. I found this park to have many more attendants around always asking if you need  help or directions. Guides placed strategically throughout the park with microphones giving directions. Makes it easy when you are looking for directions. Live music and dancing engaging the audience so people feel part of the shows. The one big drawback is the signage. If there is any suggestion for improvement would be better signs and directions. We walked past the same kiosks 3 times trying to find the exit. No exit signs in the park till you get closer to it. Well darn it I needed to know a lot sooner than that as it was starting to rain heavy and frustration was setting in. Small thing with all the good things but definitely an easy improvement to make life easier for the customer. Definitely will be back as we just couldn't see and do everything we wanted. Buy weekday tickets online as much cheaper and just print them off so no lines to stand in. Need 24-48 hours so tickets can be sent via email. I decided to call for the deal and got them sent within 1 hour so best way to get them if you leave it to the last minute.
We had a fantastic time. I absolutely recommend it.
I have had an annual pass to Busch Gardens for most of my life. I think that says a lot about Busch Gardens that a person can go there several times per year & still have a great time. The park has change drastically over the years, which is part of the reason why I still have an annual pass. They are constantly changing & improving. The Reasons Why Busch Gardens Rocks... 1. The roller-coasters are fun. SheiKra is a 90 degree drop roller coaster that is awesome & so much fun. The Montu is an inverted roller coaster with a lot of twists & flip. Kumba is a traditional roller coaster, but don't think traditional means boring. It is fast & has plenty of corkscrews & flips. I haven't been on Cheetah Hunt yet, which opened in 2011. There is also a new roller coaster I'm very excited about called Falcon's Fury. It just opened a few days ago & sound insane. It is like Tower of Terror in the sense that it drops quickly, but the cool part is that the riders are tilted 90 degrees facing straight down...Can't Wait! Gwazi is the only one that I'm not a huge fan of. Seats are too small & it bounces my head around. 2. The zoo portion is great. I sometimes go for a couple hours & just look at the animals. The hippos, lions, and gorillas are cool because you can get up-close & personal thanks to some very thick glass. The Skyride gives a holistic view of all of the animals & the entire park. The have a wide variety of animals. 3. They have a good mix of roller coasters, animals, & shows. They have water rides too. It is great for big groups with friends & family. It is also great to pop into for an hour or two. Parking is never an issue. 4. It is centrally located in Tampa & very close to the interstate. It is surrounded by numerous restaurants. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­----------- They used to have a brewery on site that you could tour. They also used to give free samples of beer (2 per person). No more free beer is kind of a bummer. Bottom Line: BG is amazing. Every time you go you will have fun. If you live in Tampa, you should definitely get an annual pass.
This place is great! We love the roller coasters and all the animals.  We went this past weekend and the crowds were low and really no waits for any of the rides.  If you have a large family like mine(five people) It pays to get the meal deal if your doing to be in the park all day.  We defintely got our moneys worth there.  With the meal deal you can also get bottles of water which were great to walk around the park with.  Plus before we left we got several bottles to take home.   The entire family had a great time and we all look forward to going back.  There is a huge kiddy Elmo area where the small kids can play.  My four year old had a great time.   We cant wait to go back!
Went to Howl-O-Scream last night (Halloween) and had a BLAST!! There were zero line...zero wait...tons of fun. It was scary when random "dead people" jumped out of the bushes to scare you - but not overly scary. The haunted houses weren't too scary either. I would say anyone over 13 could enjoy the haunted houses. The rides were AWESOME and Cheetah was my favorite.
First Time visiting this park.  Got the military discount here which means Myself and kids got in for free.  Wonderful day in Florida for under 50 bucks.  Lots of fun to be had on all the rides and shows.  The Pirate 4D show is very old but still enjoyable. (No respect, No repect at all line worked well for Rodney Dangerfield in the 80's and Early 90's but he's been gone for a long while. No young kid or parents of Young ones understood it and didn't laugh)
I really enjoy bringing my family here. They have wildlife and rides all in one.  I'm not a roller coaster enthusiast. But my husband loves all the rides they offer. (I enjoy the craft beers and carny food more.) Bush gardens is opening up their new ride called the Falcons fury which is Americas highest free  standing drop tower. Lifts up to 300 feet and drops at a 90 angle at 60mph. I think I'll pass on this one as well and head to the toddler Sesame Street play area while enjoying a fresh made waffle cone filled with mint chocolate chip ice cream. Even though I'm not a thrill seeker you can see there is still always something for everyone to enjoy here.  FL residents can pay a flex pass and it breaks down to $10 a month per person for a year. Unlimited admission, free parking and 10% off food and beverages.
Great park!! I have been to the one in Williamsburg, Va (as I am from there originally), and this one is a lot better!!! Some rides are the same but the theme is more exciting here. The only drawback is the extreme heat during the summer. In the "cool zones", the water evaporated before the mist could even reach your head!!! But, the park can't control that so obviously I don't hold that against them!! Great rides, friendly staff, and just an overall good time!!
Loved the roller coasters, great animals, friendly staff. My only complaint is you spend $95 for a ticket to get in and they have a hero safari ride that is really cool, but it's not included in your ticket. You have to pay an additional $39 to take the safari ride, and I think that's absurd. Needless to say, I want spending the additional money after already throwing out over $250 on tickets and lunch. Disney's Animal Kingdom had a jeep safari ride that's a lot longer and is included in the ticket price!
Great animal displays and interactions. Fantastic roller-coaster and water rides. My only negatives are a few areas of the park are a bit dull and showing their age and there are some long walks between attractions. Some of the shows like the ice skating show  'IcePloration' are horrible, only go see it if you want to get out of the hot sun. If you're going in October check out Howl-O-Scream! Great scary fun.
Since I am moving out of the state pretty soon, I thought I should take advantage of the free military admission at Busch Gardens.   First, I noticed the parking fee went up to 17 dollars.  Seriously??    The regular admission is 90 dollars.  Then we waited over 30 min in line at the ticket booths.   There are many roller coasters but they frequently stop for a while or are shut down completely for maintenance.  The lines are pretty slow because there are not enough staffs working and it is inefficient.   Thank god for the military  passes.  I certainly don't wanna pay 100 dollars for this place. So for that, I give Busch Gardens an extra star.
i think that this park has gone downhill in the past 10 years.  i've purchased yearly passes a few times and the last time i said that i am finally done with giving them any more of my money.  because of the "buy one day and come all year" is used by many of the areas residents, it really has ruined the park for many of the out of state visitors.  if i was from out of state, i would be so upset.  the place on the weekends (especially) is like a zoo within a zoo.  people yelling at their kids and its totally crowded and you have to walk long distances from one place to another.  they play really loud rap music in the elephant cage...poor elephants!  its just all wrong..smh
The park has only 4 good roller coasters. It's a good place to go with little kids but not teenagers. I think it is ridiculous that the park closes at six. The best time to go there would be early in the morning. Really hard to find a park map even when you ask for help.  Hate the time, but you can have fun.
Busch gardens is a them park in tampa. it is wuite a drive if you are staying in the orlando area - about an hour+ but it is well worth the journey. They have a lot of reall exciting rides as well as a safari trail with lots of animals to see. They have some of the biggest turtles I have ever seen. plenty parking with the usual trams to take you right to the gates. Quesues here are not al long as the ones at disney but the park is still busy.
I love this park.  There are several great coasters.  There is also enough good stuff to do with the smaller kids.  My daughter loved it. This park has something for everyone.   Overall, worth the trip from Orlando to hang out.  Great for kids of all ages.
3 killer coasters! We got free entry with our discovery cove pass, so the price was right. Sheikra is the craziest coaster I've ever ridden with a true 90 degree drop; get on the front row!! The animal exhibits were surprisingly pretty neat also, which made for nice walks between the coasters.
With 2 young kids I've frequented all the local parks from Orlando to Tampa. Typically what's assumed is a lousy overpriced lunch. However at Bush Gardens I finally found a good park lunch. Although pricey(expected) the Beef Brisket at the Smokehouse restauraunt next to Sheikra was very good.  I will be back on my next visit.
Our family took a vacation to Tampa for Labor Day weekend. The main reason for going was to take our 16 month old to Busch Gardens. This was our second time taking our daughter to a theme park since she has been able to walk. The park itself has a lot to offer. I think my husband and I would have enjoyed it more if either it would have been just the two of us or if our daughter was a little older. She wanted to walk everywhere. It was difficult trying to make sure she didn't run into people. We started her off in the kid section but most of the activities were a little older for her. We were going to let her play in the water but forgot to bring her ear plugs. She wasn't interested in the animals or characters. My husband and I were grateful for the parent swap. We were able to ride two roller coasters a piece. We both rode the SheiKra and the Kumba. The SheiKra will take your breath away. My husband rode it first. All I asked when he got off was how it was. I didn't ask what it did. I was able to get right on the ride with the parent swap. I didn't realize it had the 90-degree drop until the ride started. I must say that was the scariest ride I had been on in a long time. The Kumba was okay. It couldn't out do the SheiKra. For lunch, we ate at the Orang Café. We both had the turkey wrap. It had a lot of meat in the wrap, along with tomato and ranch dressing. My husband got fries and I had carrots. There were three different fruits to choose from and three of us shared grapes. We decided we needed to sit in the A/C to cool off. We found the Pirates 4-D theater. Believe the sign outside when it says there are things that will startle young children. My daughter was sitting in my lap when we got sprayed with the water. She was just at the right height to get the water in the face. It scared her to death. I think Busch Gardens is a great amusement park. It is a lot to do whether you enjoy roller coaster rides or seeing animals. I think we might wait until our daughter is a little older to take her back so she can really enjoy everything.
