THEY ARE SUPER NICE :D It's harder to see than the other businesses on Tennessee St, but even though is slightly less accessible than the other Greek place, Little Athens Gyro is definitely worth a detour. I ordered a simple ham and cheese grilled sandwich and got more than I bargained for. It is the best ham and grilled sandwich I've had in Tallahassee so far! Smothered in creamy sauce and filled with veggies. It tastes fresh and scrumptious! For a larger appetite, the three meat trio meal is sure to satisfy! With rice and three types of meat, you are sure to leave fulfilled and satisfied. I'd definitely recommend  it over the other Greek places around.
I just devoured the best Gyro I have ever had! I want another but I'm full. I ordered the Big Athens Gyro. Yum! I've  been craving greek and this was spot on. Well worth the 5min detour from i-10. The actual place is a small diner style tucked in the corner by mcdonalds...but who cares? The food is ahhhmazing.
Best gyro in town, hands down! Owner is really nice and everything is very fresh. Give them a try!
May be the best gyro in town. The only real controversy would be between Little Athens and Sahara. These would be followed by Pitaria and then Pita Pit. Not included in this list is Capt. Pete's on the NE Capital Circle, as I have never been there. Little Athens is a humble, family-run restaurant, something of a hole-in-the-wall, easy to miss as it is located off of the street adjacent to McDonald's and Momma Goldberg's. My choice menu item is the Little Athens gyro, which is your basic (but big!) gyro sandwich with a healthy heap of Kronos gyro meat, feta cheese, lettuce and tomato. It's absolutely delicious. I like to get the combo with (among other options) pita fries. The combo is kind of pricey, at about $10.00, but comes with a drink, the side, and a little hunk of balaclava. Everything is delicious, the tea is flavored, the family/owners are nice folks, service is fast...What are you waiting for?! Go try Little Athens and tell me if you disagree about its rank as one of the best gyros in Tallahassee. Oh, and if I missed a good gyro place, let me know that too!
Since I went to Greece a couple of years ago I have been desperately seeking out authentic, delicious Greek food. I finally found it at Little Athens! The first clue that I noticed when I walked in what that there were only two people working, an older Greek couple (aw!). The line was also almost to the door (a good sign that this place is delicious). You order at a counter, the wife takes your order, and then you sit down. No numbers, nothing. Then, amazingly, my food always comes within the next 5 minutes. WOW. AND they always remember who ordered what. I've been sitting at a table, chatting away, and all of a sudden my food is in front of me. That's so amazing considering there is always a crowd there. I've been there several times now, and I've ordered the pastitsio, meat gyro, vegetarian dolmades, greek salad, falafel, wedding cookies, and baklava. SO GOOD. Hands down authentic flavors and recipes, the absolute best Greek food I've had in the states.
Excellent value for fresh fast food. Tabouli was just right, pita bread was soft and fresh. My friend's gyro and couscous was topped with a fragrant tomato sauce with chick peas -next time!
We set out on a mission to find Cafe Annapurna, a Tibetan and Nepali restaurant, but instead was disappointed to find that it no longer exists!  I have since then updated Yelp to indicate that it has closed. Since we were starved, in the parking lot of where Cafe Annapurna used to exist, and love Greek/Mediterranean food, we decided to try Little Athens Gyro.  I ordered the lentil soup and The Rocket wrap mixed with baba ganoush, falafel, whole chickpeas, lettuce, and tomato.  My fiancee got the Foul Deluxe which is a fava bean puree in a wrap with other ingredients.   The lentil soup was fine but the falafel was the worst I've ever had as the coriander overpowered the flavors.  It was downright inedible for me as it was perfumy and left a bad taste in my mouth that I could not get rid of for the rest of the night.  I sampled the pita fries as well which is pita bread that's sliced thin then deep-fried.  They were okay but I much prefer fries made out of potatoes. The falafel left such a horrible taste in my mouth that I would never want to return.
Nothing would stop me from having a falafel that day when I had a craving and thought I would try this place. My gf and I both had the falafel sandwich. The falafel had far too much bread crumbs on it, inside was not moist. It was chopped up on my sandwich and pretty small, didn't seem like they were fresh. Felt like I was inhaling bread crumbs. The tehina sauce and tomato/onion mix were flavorful though. The place looked like it was authentic but makes a pretty poor falafel sandwich esp considering the price of it at 6 bucks after tax. Falafel is supposed to be cheap street food and fresh out of a deep fryer. It's just chick peas and some bread. After looking at the rest of their menu which includes a ham and cheese sandwich, a philly sandwich, and a cuban sandwich... Confirmed this place is definitely not authentic. update: Slightly better, only so many falafel places in town. My recommendation, get the rocket instead.
This place is the absolute best when it comes to Greek food! I've been all over the world (literally) and I have yet to find better.  The meat Domades are a MUST!!!!  Locally owned and super friendly.
I am still not over the loss of Cafe Annapurna. The last time I came to Little Athens Gyro was when they first opened. I had the Lhasa noodles with tofu, and while it was a good lunch, it was basically just bad lo mein, so I didn't come back. I may have been lamenting Cafe Annapurna in my sleep because my boyfriend suggested we try Little Athens Gyro for lunch. We've been to pita places on West Tennessee with friends and he's never enjoyed them much so we don't ever get Greek food on our own. Well he had the meat gyro and promptly told me he's been missing out. I had the paratha plate. The paratha and lentil soup were good but the chickpeas were strange. Looking at their online menu, I now realize that I wasn't served the achar or chhole, which is completely disappointing as I'm a big fan of both. (Unless their idea of chhole is the chickpeas in sour liquid they give you.) I forget if that was on the menu they have in the store, though. I'm not sure if the same couple are still running the restaurant as when they first opened. The woman who took my order last time was soft spoken and very helpful. I was in a vegetarian mood and she basically suggested that their Lhasa noodles weren't the best option and I should try something else next time. The woman who served us this time was just really... vibrant... and louder than any of the customers. Also our food wasn't brought to the table as it was the time before, and as it was for other customers. It's hard to decide between a 2 and a 3 on this because of my bad experiences. If not for that, it would probably be a solid 3 because the food is good and the atmosphere is actually really nice. It's dark in the restaurant and I'm not sure I even heard anyone else talk, which is great for a break during a stressful day.
Best falafel in Tallahassee, other vegetarian sandwiches are great too! Cheap, close to campus, all around a pleasure every time.
This place was so good! The pitas were AMAZING and sooooo fresh. It was by far the best bak lava I've ever had. The shop is empty a lot but it's because it's in a corner and not as well known as pitaria right across the street. The man who owns the restaurant is so sweet as well.
Great gyro and sauce.  The cheese was a bit salty, but if you can get a full bite, it will balance.  The staff is so polite and friendly, it really makes up for the poor atmosphere.
The owners here used to run Captain Pete's on Capital Circle and then I believe they sold it. My mother used to take me there when I was little and we'd have George's Roasted Chicken, rice, and Greek salad for dinner. I was really missing those meals for years and lamenting the lack of good Greek/Middle Eastern food in this town. Then  I heard about Little Athens so i went to try it one day and find that it was the same cute Egyptian couple who used to have Capt Petes! I was so happy! Little Athens is the best place in town for Gyros. They have excellent, well spiced gyro meat, sliced really thin. You can get a gyro, side item, drink, and a little piece of baklava for $10. I think that's an incredible deal because the food is so good. The roasted chicken is really delicious too. I keep meaning to try other items but I can never tear myself away from the gyros or chicken.
Oh how I wish they were closer to my side of town instead of the dreaded College side. By far the best gyro in town (I'm sorry Sahara, don't hit me) that positively overflows with fillings. Great staff and wonderful service. I'm mildly concerned by the floor lamps that extend out of the ceiling and make me think my orientation is about 180 degrees from norm but hey, what else is new? Please please please come on over to the 32301 zipcode Little Athens... we will welcome you and worship you as our saviors.
This place was great! Inexpensive falafels with stuffed grape leaves and a piece of baklava - all for about $10! What's not to love? Definitely not fine dining but if you are looking for authentic Greek food from a diner-type restaurant, then this is the place to go. The owners are really nice too!
I love this place. The menu has a nice selection of different food items. I would recommend trying a gyro, chicken or meat, before anything else. It will be piping hot with fresh diced tomatoes and onions - delicious. And the owner, George, is extremely gracious and will always be smiling. A must go-to place with great prices and food.
I have been going here since they opened. The owners are really nice. The food prep may take longer than most places college kids are used to but it is well worth the wait. The big Athens is amazing. Try the meat dolmades, and also the pasticio! Best Greek I have ever had.
The owners are really nice, and for about 10 bucks you can get a gyro, some baclava, and a side, I usually get pita fries cuz they're crispy and delicious. Make sure to ask them to do your gyro all the way. Definitely the best Greek food I've had in Tallahassee.
Great prices and the best gyros in town. Also a lot of vegetarian options. Sometimes I just go there for the pita fries because they are delicious! Owners and staff are also very nice.
Delicious gyro; superior to the Pitaria across the street.  Owned & operated by an adorable Egyptian couple.  Very sweet people, very good food!
I have had Gyros/Heros/Kebabs at a number of places in my life (both domestic and international), and I have to say that the gyros at Little Athens are scrumptious.  My wife and I usually get the combos with Greek fries and salad, and it's a great meal.  Each time we've been it, it's been a one-man shop (the owner is very nice), so that means you sometimes have to wait a bit longer then normal, but it's worth the wait.  You just have to try it - best in town!
THE BEST HANDS DOWN. The big athens gyro is amazing. I can't believe people who chose to eat Piteria over this. I go to this place twice a week it's so delicious.
This restaurant in Tallahassee definitely thrives off from word of mouth. On graduation weekend I took my family here before graduation. It definitely was a great meal to keep me full during graduation. I got the Olympus Gyro Combo which includes a greek salad, fries, a drink, and their amazing baklava; all for less than $10. It is not authentic Greek to me but pretty close. The people there are also really friendly.
This place definitely seems to have authentic gyros! It is super delicious and their greek fries are good! Their pita fries are good too, but I don't like it as much as other places. But, this place definitely has the best gyros in Tallahassee. Their sauce is AMAZING!
Absolutely the best gyros I have tasted since I went to Athens herself!  My mate and I love to go here at least two or three times a month for lunch.  The gyros are always fresh, hot and loaded with ripe tomato and thinly sliced fresh onion, nice tangy feta and fresh shredded lettuce with a nice dusting of herbs.  The pita is warm and just the right thickness to hold the meat.  Oh, joy!  I am not a fries eater, but I steal some of my mate's.  They are fresh, crisp and potato-y with a seasoning I have yet to identify.  It isn't overwhelming, it is just very nice.  The restaurant is always clean and pleasant, and the staff is helpful and nice.  We have never had a bad meal here, and George is often working the grill himself.
Simple awesome, by far the best Gyro I have ever had
I love the falafals. The gyros did not have enough meat for the price. Brought my two little girls and they split a gyro meal. Furthmore, the lady wouldn't give us an extra cup for them to split the soda. Told us they could share the same cup. Anyway, just little things. The food was overall good. Also they were really pushing for me to post a good comment on urbanspoon.com        ----- Whatever.
What a gem. The older couple running this place were super nice - food was delicious and cheap. Got the falafel burger - yummy! Loved the french fries!
Closed on sundays.
Well, my Dad wanted the fresh squeezed lemonade that they had listed, but they didn't have it. Same with the mint tea and no tea at all. But besides that, there was service with a smile. The pita fries were the best I've ever had but the big athens gyro was no better than Pitaria's. I give the gyro an 8/10. My Dad said his ham and cheese pita was a 7.5 out of 10. Overall, my experience with Little Athen's Gyro was an 8 out of 10.
So much better than Pitaria down the street. So far, I've had the big Athens gyro, the meat dolmades, and the regular as well as pita fries and everything was delicious. The owners are really nice also.
Best Greek in town; and much improved over the Tibetan place which used to occupy the location.
BEST gyro I have ever eaten. Absolutely delicious food all the way around. The owner was also such a wonderful guy and very nice to us.
