UPDATE!  - the service at the dinner (see below) was very unprofessional and childish.  However, the Japanese female wait staff in the lunch time really improved our view.  She was friendly and extremely CAPABLE!! Here is my review from June (birthday dinner with 5 of us) Gyu Kaku is a popular yakiniku restaurant chain in Japan. I had lunch here one day and it was great. Two dishes of meat, miso soup, salad, and rice under $10 (above $10 including taxes and tip). So I came back for dinner with the family and friends. Made reservation through Opentable, which emailed the reminder every other day. Got a call from the restaurant on the day of reservation to confirm. Call them back to confirm and whoever picked up the phone did not seem to be very happy that I called back to confirm. I guess the reservation via Opentable is not reliable for the restaurant?? Pros: 1.You do not need to have a huge steak. You eat as you cook, and you get satisfied with small amount of meat. 2. Good quality of meat, and the appetizers are very good. Cons: 1. We were a party of 5, and we only had one fire grill - the same grill that was sufficient for 2 at the lunch time. That means that each of us could cook a slice of meat and a veggie, and one of us had to sit too far away from the fire to reach. Definitely not enough cooking surface. A round table and a larger fire grill would have been a better design to accommodate a party of larger than 4. 2. Some of us ordered a dinner for 2, while others ordered a la carte. Meat dishes come at the same time, and unless you know what you order, it just become a chaos. I ordered two meat dishes, and one came, but the other one never did. I asked the wait staff, who claimed that she had brought it out, but the two portions (one a la carte, one from the "dinner for 2") had been combined. She never explained that when she bought that combined portion, and why combined two portions - one from a la carte, and one from the "Dinner for 2"?? Also she kind of whined "don't you remember??" No I do not! When your orders come out, make sure you remember what you ordered and count what you ordered. 3. Service was generally good. But nobody came to pick up our credit card, one of us brought it to the manager's desk out in front. She gave the bill and the credit card to another person, who brought the credit card receipt back to us and threw it on the table, without saying anything. So here and there, I could not help but noticing that the service lacked, just like the person who answered my phone when I called them back - kind of immature. 4. I wish there are more seafood items. So all in all, the food was great. Service needs to be improved. It almost like a bunch of young people working without much supervision.
This place is good for happy hour, as long as you're not going with a large crowd because the bar is not that spacious. The drinks and apps are VERY reasonably priced. Order a co-co mo or a strawberry co-co mo (the latter is not on the menu but if you ask for it, they will make one) if you like fruity, tropical drinks but don't want something overly sweet. I enjoyed their edamame, seaweed salad, spicy miso chili wings, and shrimp dumplings. However, my experience with the table service left much to be desired. It's been almost a year since I went there for anything other than happy hour but I remember slow, impersonal service at lunch during a weekday (it wasn't even crowded at the time) and if you aren't interested in the experience of cooking your own food at the table and do not eat red meat, you might as well skip this place or order from the bar menu.
I have been to this restaurant several times for drinks, lunch and dinner since it opened, because I love the Japanese BBQ concept. While I love the idea, I no longer enjoy the execution at this location. The service has become simply unbearable, as the newly hired waiter repeats the same script, even after you have informed them that you are a regular and are familiar with the concept, not to mention trying to make conversation when it is neither welcome nor appreciated. The quality of meat has declined drastically as well for no apparent reason. On my last visit I noticed some very stale looking raw meat, which is totally unacceptable for a place like this. You must "shape up or ship out"!
This place is amazing! I love all types of grilled meats, and this is by far one of the better quality, best priced locations I have gone to.  THEY HAVE HAPPY HOUR FOR MEAT!  How wonderful is that?! The meats were marinated well and had lots of flavor.  I went with a party of 5 and we all got the lunch special combo - 3 different (or same) meats for $11.95!!! I was afraid that it must be a small portion but it was not. I was full on two meats.  It also comes with soup and salad and a HUGE bowl of rice. Bistro Hanger Steak Miso - THIS WAS THE BEST ONE!!! Beef Tongue - Not a fan, but I think some people might like it Toro Beef Tare - Pretty good! Spicy Pork - Also pretty good, not crazy spicy but very flavorful Pork Belly - Pretty good! Chicken Basil - I didn't get to try this, but someone else got it and said it was good. When I return I will likely get the same lunch combo but two meats only ($8.95).  I will rotate between two hanger steak miso or one hanger streak and one toro beef or the pork belly! Dessert:  THE GREEN TEA ICE CREAM - is the authentic flavor one!! Very hard to find now a days. They also serve the Lady M crepe cakes (which I thought tasted a little off from the ones I normally get at the Lady M stores.  Not as much flavor). All in all.  LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
I went here mainly because of a 50% off deal chicken deal available (Don't buy one of those coupons the same day you're planning on using it) So we had to pay the full whammy. Anyhow, because of featured deals we had very satisfying bbq for a reasonable amount. Tab was $51 for 3 people- no drinkers-- Some people had complaints about the staff, so I had some trepidation, but my fears proved to be unfounded. They have a group staff, so there is always someone paying attention, and we were never without plates to bbq or attention for very long. Doing your own cooking adds a fun experience to it, and you cook it exactly how you want it-As long as you're paying attention. Parking across from the Galleria mall is not the easiest to find, so parking at the mall is recommended. We're a fairly discerning group when it comes to quality, and it met our expectations. I would consider it a keeper
Price is not bad at all if you get the group special.. The servings are good. The only complain I have is they don't serve your meat so fast and you won't know if the last plate is your final meat.. I guess maybe we have a big group ? I wish they gave the option if we want everything in one serving.. The place is great! Great to hang out with friends
Love it! First time here and everything hit the spot! Drinks were amazing. Best Mai Tai's I've had in a long time. Strong n fruity. The coco Our server was super nice and helpful. Very attentive without being annoying. We started with the steamed shrimp dumplings and the oil seared salmon. They were just perfect. The bistro hanger steak miso n Hirami Miso was just awesome. I preferred the hanger steak for the flavor and taste but they were both great. The garlic rice was good. The salmon lettuce Bibimbap I mean I can go on n on but this place is just phenomenal in my opinion. Just start to finish great time. Definitely give it a try.
Overall a very disappointing experience.  We have been to the Gyu-kaku in the city many times and always had a great experience there.  We came to this one with the expectation of at least a similar experience. The main disappointment as other people mentioned was the service.  It was bad and way too slow.  Things took forever to come and came out in pretty random order.  Drinks came 20 minutes after we ordered them and we had to ask twice about them before they finally came.  White rice came without anything else and sat for a while.  The bus boy acted annoyed when my wife wanted to exchange for a clean plate after eating our salad.  The waitress always seemed rushed.  All these little things kept adding up. And I can deal with some bad service if the food is very good but that wasn't the case either.  The meat was pretty low quality.  We had a certain level of expectation based on Gyu-kaku in the city and could tell this meat was a much lower quality that frankly wasn't very good.  It was tough and tasteless.  We were barely interested in finishing it. The only good part of the meal which at least made it 2 stars were the deserts.  The meal set we had came with a S'mores desert which the kids really enjoyed making and eating.  And my wife an I shared the green tea cake with ice cream which was really good! (although very expensive at $9) Based on this experience, it looks like if we're ever in the mood for Gyu-kaku again it will be worth taking the trip to the city...
I went here for lunch recently.  I've been to the one in Midtown and the one in Hollywood.  Let me tell you why to avoid this place: 1. They seemingly have ten different menus and the pricing in all the menus is different.  While sitting at the bar, the bar menu shows the very first item "volcano tuna rice" for a price of $7.  Then you browse the regular menu and it's listed at $5. So we ask if one comes with more than the other, the answer is no.  After further question, the bar menu is more expensive cause you sit at the bar.... how does this make sense if we aren't initializing a table and grill?  There are many more variances in the menus, making you wonder if you are being cheated on every item you order..then making you further want to actually itemize the final check. 2. You may think the $3 beer Happy Hour is a deal...don't be tricked.  Don't get draft beers.  They serve you in a 10oz glass.  Only get the beer by the bottle if you are going for the $3 special.   3. Skip any of the raw fish (what they seem to call sushi grade).  It went through me quicker than a line of bugger-sugar through the Wolf of WS. 4. Don't wear a jacket; chair backs at the bar are so low, you might as well just throw it on the floor.   On a positive note, the garlic fried rice is good.  But why go out to just eat fried rice?
I am so in love with this place! Staff is friendly and food is soooooo good. Everything I eat here was nice, especially green tea crepe, it's heavenly for all the green tea lovers out there. I will definitely be returning! BTW :) bar tender is so cute;)
I've been to the one in the city and this one is alright. The sukiyaki bibimbap is my fave!! It tasted a little different from the one in the city. I love the hirami skirt steak. I forgot the other names of the meats.... I like the shrimp dumplings. The mushroom medley is ok, I could've done without that. The green tea crepe and fried banana spring roll with cheesecake is soooo good!!! A must try. The taiyaki with ice cream was ok. They served it to us and we had to grill it for it to be warm. It came with ice cream but I don't think it was as amazing as the fried banana spring roll and green tea crepe. Go when it's happy hour! Saves you more money.
Great fun and food. Go during happy hour,  totally worth it. Good selection of meat. Had steak, liver, tongue, shrimp and salmon. The plum wine was some of the best I've had in a restaurant.
I had my reservations about going to Gyu Kaku because initially I thought it would be mostly raw foods. However, my husband was excited to try this spot so I obliged. The experience was so much fun, tasty, and decently priced. It was so much fun cooking our meats at our table. The chefs prepared everything and all you do is grill your meats and veggies. I know some folks might say that they don't want to pay to cook their own food, but it's definitely worth experiencing. Btw, the drinks aren't included in the course packages, but they only run from $5-$8 during happy hour.
After going to both the Gyu-Kakus in Manhattan, I was curious to see whether this one in White Plains would differ. FIve of us sat for the Fuyu menu, which had an assortment of mostly beef and one chicken-basil dish, as well as miso, garlic rice, two veggie side dishes, and edamame (no dessert). It was meant for six but all of us just fine and were pretty stuffed. The menu was $155 for that set. The meats were marinated beautifully and tasted amazing. There are three sauces to choose from and they're all wonderful to have. The only gripes I had with the food itself was that the corn was frozen (if you've ever had frozen corn on the cob, which is very popular in Chinese supermarkets), they have a chewy consistency that is really evident on the cob - less noticible when its kernel by kernel). The service was pretty helpful aside from some confusions about the reservation. No complaints there. We ordered some sake for the table and the bill was around $255 inclusive of tip. It's a little pricy but you cannot deny how amazing the cuts of meat were. It's always a treat.
Parking can be tricky in this area not worst than the city. We went around once and found a spot. This was our first experience here and I must say we left stuffed and with a big smile. Arrived around 8 on a Saturday no reservation we waited 5 minutes our waiter was very nice (forgot his name) DELISH!!!! We were in food heaven. My new favorite restaurant. Best bibimbap I have ever had. Quick service, really nice wait staff. Can't wait to go back.
The gimmick here may be fun - that is, if you don't overly char and/or undercook your food (even when following their suggested cooking times). Still, the food is mediocre and overpriced, at best. What really killed things for us was the service. After our first round of food, we realized we hadn't ordered enough and were still hungry. We ordered a few more dishes, and our server said he'd be right back with a clean grill surface. Well, he never returned to our table. In fact, he didn't even bring the rest of our food. We waited over 40 minutes before soliciting another server and asking for the bill from a manager. She offered us 10% off our next meal there - how presumptuous of her. Our server continued to frequent his other tables nearby. He didn't even apologize for his bizarre behavior, and neither did the manager. Even ignoring the service issues, though, we probably wouldn't be returning. The food just isn't memorable. At all.
Parking is tricky in this area, and had to park 2 blocks away. It was raining so that didn't help. We ordered the Seared Salmon appetizer to start. It was delicious. I loved the slivers of ginger on top. For the BBQ portion we ordered the Harami Miso skirt steak, the Prime Rib, pork belly, and the mushroom medley. The skirt steak was delicious and our favorite. The marinade was flavorful. The Prime Rib was bland. They do offer marinades/sauces on the side for an extra cost and might recommend trying one if you order a meat that's not pre-marinaded. For dessert we had the Fried Banana cheesecake with ice cream. It was perfect and I'd go back for just this. must try! Staff was friendly and answered all our questions thoroughly.
Overall, pleasant experience. May return for a second trial. Unique ambience and presentation of food, with your own hibachi grill in the middle of every table. I've been to some very, very expensive Korean grills like this in NYC and have always left disappointed with experience compared to cost. In this case, the environment was comfortable and delightful. Quality of food (ingredients) was very good. Cost reasonable. So, why not a "5"? * STAFF - Disorganized, randomly assigned, confused... One server said, "We are very well trained." My experience said otherwise. Because the menu is small-plate oriented, it requires constant and consistent attention from table staff. They were not handling it. We had to ask for delivery of drinks (first thing we ordered), WATER and menu selections more than once. It seemed we were more aware than staff. * SAUCES - Believe it or not. The quality of the food (ingredients, remember, you are your own cook) was very good. It's an adventure. Let's make it... ummm... an adventure? Sauces (3) provided from Regular to Spicy were absolutely MUNDANE. Completely uninspiring and even unappetizing. Certainly not measuring up to the environment or the ingredients. Here's an idea: Ask your server to describe the sauces, then say, "What else do you have?" Or, bring your own! Gyu-Kaku: Pump it up. Your "default" sauces should be adventurous and exciting to describe. Let your servers offer ordinary alternatives. After all, anyone who walks in is looking for something different. So, 4 out of 5. This could be a problem with Franchises, like this one, where "rules are rules." P.S. Correct pronunciation (according to our confused server) would be, "Gyoo Kah-Koo"
Good food which you cook yourself at the table.  We ordered the pre-set dinner for 6, which was mostly beef, but delicious and filling.  It was only $120 for food for 6 before tax and tip and without drinks.  Pitchers were cheap too.  Highly recommend if looking for something fun and interesting.
I was never a big fan of Japanese Barbecue. Political issues aside, I just always thought that the Koreans did it better for a lower price. This restaurant proved me wrong on both points. Full disclosure: I have good friends who are shareholders of this place. Food: the meats were my favorite. We ordered many different types of beef, and they were all very impressive. As an overweight individual, it might already be obvious that I like large pieces of cow on my plate. Heck, marinate and age a tenth of an entire cow, grill it to medium-rare perfection; then put it on my plate. I'll eat it. However, this restaurant makes it clear that it places quality before quantity. Each bite was scrumptious! I savored the flavor with the sauces that were available. The avocado salad, fresh salmon sashimi in sauce, stone pot rice, fried sweet potato, and steamed dumplings were really very good. Each dish was, in addition to being aesthetically pleasing, filled with a mix of flavors that is very difficult to describe but still very impressive. Allow me to talk about dessert in a separate paragraph: they served green tea Lady M crepe cake with vanilla ice cream! The green tea ice cream was unique in that it had a slightly bitter taste to it, raising its authenticity (yes, we asked for a green tea ice cream in addition to our vanilla ice cream; yes, I'm fat). Service: It's difficult to overstate the importance of an energetic staff ready to get the job done. This was the restaurant's "soft opening" and not everything was fully ready to go yet, but the team really does a great job at earning that 20% tip. Decor: My family is from the far east city of Hong Kong, so we love bright lights at the dinner table. I am glad that this place is so refreshing in that regard - the lighting allowed me to ensure that my food was cooked the way I liked. Note: there's mouthwash in the restroom! Kinda cool.
Been to the Gyu-Kaku locations in Manhattan. Decided to go to this one to avoid Manhattan parking... didn't work out the way I'd hope. Will go back to Manhattan locations from now on. No parking lot - pay for street or parking deck. Food is good, as usual. Problem is the service. Went on a Sat afternoon - Hostess was not friendly. She sounded bored at her job. No smile on her face. Didn't say goodbye when we left and was in fact giving someone an attitude over the phone who was trying to make a reservation. We had a reservation and we were seated late. Our waitress was nice, but not completely competent. She took a long time to get things and would forget to oil the grill when it's replaced. At the end, she also rang up our check wrong (charging full price for our drinks and putting in an extra meat dish that we did not order). The manager was great and ran around helping with waitressing - however she should not need to do this and should have the time to do her job as a manager. The service is just not up to par with what's at Manhattan. it hurts me to say this since the manager clearly cares, but that's the truth. P.S. We heard about a Groupon deal - looked it up - actually not a good deal if you know what you're doing. Go for happy hour a la carte and you'd actually save more $$ than if you bought the Groupon with all its limitations.
One of the best places for food, drink, sweet and much more! I used to be quite a vegetarian and don't really enjoy having meat - really not a meat-lover! But Gyu-kaku changed me!!!! All the meat are dressed with authentic japanese bbq source and it was AMAZING!!!! I tried out every Gyu-kaku in NYC and usually go there every week or two. And they have excellent beer and dessert - what else could I barely ask for??? And I came to this one because I wanna to try it out with my boyfriend. This is the cheapest Gyu-kaku but by far the BEST I've had. Meat are very very juicy and fresh and they are just slaying it! Highly recommend list: Kirin beer, Addicting Cabbage, BBQ Checken Wings, Any meat item, Green Tea Crepe Definitely, I will come back again and again and again.
The food was great but the wait. Are you kidding me? I had a 7:45 reservation, wasn't sat till 8:20 this was absolutely ridiculous I only recommend this if you have lots of time to spare
over booked us onValentines day. Waited for almost 2 hours and tell us no seating. Totally ruined our first valentines day after we got married.
Yeah!  A Gyu-Kaku in white plains!  Nothing wrong with grilling your own Japanese BBQ at the table!  Good ventilation - love that I don't leave the restaurant reeking of food and smoke. We got the aki special for four and below were my favorites: Tofu chigae - delicious but this was definitely not enough to serve a party of 4 though Garlic noodles Harami Miso - very flavorful and well marinated; my favorite Chateaubriand - very well seasoned and tender S'mores! I've been going to the city locations for years and if ordering a la carte, would definitely add the Kalbi short rib tare to the dishes mentioned above. Also, I LOVE their spicy/sweet sauce. I put it over EVERYTHING. Service: Giving exception that the restaurant was still in its soft opening stage, service was friendly and enthusiastic that more than made up for having to request items multiple times or not having full knowledge of the menu.
The Location is very easy to find. Parking could be a little challenging, so we decided to park nearby. The interior is very modern. The booths are impressive. You can have your own little privacy with the curtain hanging down in your booth. There is a grill in the middle, (All right, this is my first time in Gyu Kaku and i bought a Groupon). We came in with no reservation and the hostess was actually nice. We are seated right away. We decided to order from the HH instead of using our Groupon, thinking its a better deal. Everything is cheaper  (Cheap Ass!!!) The server are actually really friendly and very nice. For the food, we ordered: Miso Chili Wings ( which I am disappointed) Bistro Hanger Steak Miso (so-so, Bland flavor, chewy) Chateubrand Ponzu (Bland flavor but tender) prime Rib Eye Ponzu ( recommended) kalbi Chuck garlic (chewy) 2 steamed rice and 2 Kirin Ichiban. They all come in small portions, but we are filled all ready. Also, you grill your own meat. I just wish that there is a bit an extra of brush and oil for the grill since the meat started to stick in the grill. Our bill without the Groupon is around $70 plus tip. I will use my Groupon next time.
The chain gyu kaku is overall good quality, but the service I've experienced at this particular one has been terrible. I've eaten here 2 times around a hour and half before closing. Both times the staff rushed me to finish. The last time he was in such a rush he shattered a drinking glass at my table cleaned it off without even apologizing.  To top it off he never brought me my rice, don't ever mess with an Asians rice. Needless to say I'm not going back to this gyu kaku. If anyone decides to make sure you don't arrive anytime near closing time.
I'm not a big fan of table-top BBQ, which is why once at this place was enough for me. But for anyone who likes this sort of thing, there's a Groupon providing $40 worth of food for $20.
Power hour is the best value in town. Been here 3 or 4 times and can't wait to go back. Everything is super tasty and staff is very friendly.
AMAZING meat here.  i was one of the zillions who used a groupon, and the only thing i regret was being able to afford more.  seriously awesome japanese-bbq-style steaks, the best i've had in a long, long while.  typically, imo, it's hard to beat korean bbq, but this one really was fantastic.  be careful if you've got young kids, as the stove is in close proximity to guests.
I heard that this place was very good and I have to admit that I was pretty disappointed. The service was great but I did not find the food to be good at all. I had a terrible stomach ache an hour after eating. Hopefully I just went on a bad night but I'm not sure I'm willing to give this place another try.
Not my thing! I don't enjoy cooking my own food when I go out to eat. Isn't the whole point! On top if it the portions are so tiny. I won't be returning. The only thing I liked was the crepes cake. Wish I took it to go.
THe food is ok, Nothing memorable . The happy hour is good , and go during power hour
Great addition to the White Plains area, which is continually improving in the restaurant area. Had a set meal, which included soup, a very tasty salad, kobe bacon fried rice, shrimp, and 3 varieties of kobe beef. All that for two- $70. Pretty decent value, even though you don't get that much meat, only a few ounces each. We went during happy hour also, so drinks were discounted. It was a nice experience, it was a bit of a pain in the ass to grill your own meat, but I could deal with it once in a while..it was good quality. Service was very good and I liked the ambience.
So happy that there is a gyu kaku in WP.  Cheaper than the city. Go during happy hour for some savings.  Parking is hard on the street, but park in the Galleria mall and walk thru Macy's.  Get ready to grill some meat!
I have always been a big fan of Gyu-Kaku chain. I went to the white plain location for dinner with my families last night. Decent food, great location. We ordered 5 different kinds of beef. The food came out maintaining the same standard with the Gyu Kakus in the City. Now residents in White Plains don't have to go all the way to the city when they are craving for some Japanese BBQ:)
Delicious. Delicious.  Group of 6, we had one of the BBQ specials for 4 plus added some sides! Lychee martini was yummy and the amount of food for 4 is plentiful.  The ambiance was very NYC, which was fabulous!  We came out full of food and laughter and will definitely be returning.  One negative, if you are using a groupon you cannot use it on the "party" meal options which I didn't like, and it can't be used for all drinks has to be more food outside of a party special (meals for 2/4/6 etc,..)
Green Tea Mille Crepe is phenomenal!!
Great service, great food. Cook everything you order yourself at your table. The only thing that's tough is the heat blasting from the mini stove on the table gets intense on your face after a while. Came here with a groupon, left with a smile
First, I thougt they need sometime to get close to city standard, but after I tried this place with my girl friends last sunday, i was surprised. you dont event know it just opened for three days. Great Service with Great Foood. This is what White Plains people will talk about for a while. They offer 20% off whole bill, but dont know if they are still doing that.... My second yelp rating and I gave 5 stars!
Really enjoyed Gyu-Kaku, and a new favorite for White Plains.  Everything is head and shoulders above what you get at other places with similar eating structures like Melting Pot.  Staff is also doing better than when it opened so this is a keeper!
ALL beef is great. love the lamp chop. A lot of yummy vegetable choices also - carefully wrapped in foil paper so that the juice and sauce is kept inside.  Last but not the least, DO save room for desert - lady M green crepe cake is the must-go!!!! Service is very nice too. They will tell you how long to cook each side.
Great concept, fun and very affordable... the taste and quality of the food was just OK.  Would I go back again - only if I am entertaining folks that have never been.
Fun and good quality. Try to get one of special tables, below grade seating. Great for families, food is straight forward and service is helpful. Grilled meats and shrimp were very flavorful as was seared salmon app --garlic noodles were a low-light. Noisy ambience but an all around good time. It's the asian american " Melting Pot" complete with s smores finale
Came here for my bday dinner on Monday night. It's a small place but the ambience was nice. Japanese BBQ is yummy. The thing that stands out the most was the service. Service here was excellent!!! Gratuity was included because we had a large party and I gave an extra $20. Service is what makes the experience stand out. Great job guys!
Yummy!!! The kobe beef and the ladym green tea cake are my favourites!One of the best restaurants in white plains !! Will definitely go again.
I've been here twice. The first time the service was not too good. Additionally, the portions are skimpy for the prices. (At first things look inexpensive, but everything is ala carte, so you end up spending a lot on a little.)  Despite this, however, I returned because my friend had a groupon to use.  As soon as she walked in, they asked if she was using a groupon. What difference does it make? Anyway... this time the service was just terrible. Despite the restaurant being pretty empty, our waitress would disappear for lengths at a time, leaving us to wave our hands at anyone who walked by for service. We had to send the bibimbap back, as it was as mushy as mashed potatoes. (It was good the first time, so not sure what happened on this occasion.) They definitely need to concentrate on training staff better, and they should provide bigger portions of food (or lower the prices). I do NOT intend to return.
Parking around white plains is a pain. There is a municipal parking lot right across the street from the restaurants, but we didn't try it so I don't know how much it is. Came here with a $40 groupon, which does not apply to the happy hour prices. We didn't make a reservation and it was clearly crowded so we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 2 - I think everyone was using their groupon. Everything we ordered was delicious and flavorful. Our waitress Marie was very nice and helpful. Between the two of us, we ordered about 7 plates of meat (each plate is like a tapas size - about 3-4 pieces of marinaded meat) and the vegetable sampler (corn, mushrooms, onions, peppers). The plates are around $7-$10 each. We ordered multiple plates of the bistro hanger steak miso, kalbi, basil chicken, harami miso skirt steak and lettuce wrap with miso. You cook everything yourself, so pay attention to how long everything needs to be grilled. For dessert we got the green tea crepe layer cake. SO GOOD. Would definitely come back here again. The food and service were excellent.  it's nice to have a good bbq place without having to go into NYC.
we returned recently - same great food and service, and for dessert the fried banana cheesecake is  reeeeaallly memorable.
Food was okay.  It sort of reminded me of the melting pot for hibachi
I'm giving 4 stars for the meal but it would have been 5 if the service had been better. Our meal was wonderful but our server, Melanie, was terrible. I don't know if she wasn't familiar with customer service or if she was just rude but it kind of ruined the meal for us. Having been to Gyu in NY several times, we asked if she was going to oil our grill. Her response was "well the food isn't on the table yet." Oh really, I couldn't tell by looking at the table..  I also asked about an item on the menu because I wasn't sure what it was. She told me it was beef and that it was thinly sliced but she didn't know the cut of meat.. I pressed her again and no response just "sorry I don't know".  I even asked another server who also didn't know and apologized.  I then asked a third server who FINALLY checked with the kitchen for me. I wish he had been our server... She also misheard our drink order and when we questioned it, instead of apologizing, she defended herself like it was our fault.  I will definitely return to Gyu but I'm not sure it will be the one in White Plains.
Delicious and not your every day Japanese food. Enjoyed lunch there recently and looking forward to going back there for dinner.
We had made reservation with Gyu Kaku White Plains for the dinner.  Although we dined at the restaurant as reserved, its reservation record appeared to be canceled.  I complained to the restaurant manager, and she promised that she would reregister and reclaim the points. However, its reservation and point has not been recovered. Its service will need more improvement, not yet catching up with other Gyu Kaku branches in Manhatttan.
First time for us here - hibachi yummy and affordable, especially during happy hour special.   Family of 5, we ordered the Aki course for 4 with 4 additional meat dishes plus some appetizers -  steamed shrimp dumpling, tuna volcano, and chili wings.  Plenty of variety in the course and plenty of food.   Kids especially loved the smores for dessert.   While the wait staff was very friendly they did not stop or check on the table for drinks except to bring out the dishes.
It is so delicious! Like all the meat and lady M as a desert! Like the decoration and waiters are very energetic ! Would go very often!
I went to this restaurant last week for dinner with friends, we ordered beef ribs, various beef and belly, all of them were good! I will definitely go next time. :)
