For my 100th review I had to pick someplace that has special meaning to me. I have come here every other year for over 20 yrs now and still think it is the best theme park in the world. It truly is the happiest place I know of and makes everyone smile and laugh all day long. Let me say that one of the main reasons Disney makes people happy are because of the Disney employees. They are all smiles all the time. They truly love working here. Here are some of my favorite things to do/see in each park. **Magic Kingdom** - Main Street: You see some characters (literally) all over Main Street. You might see the Barbershop Quartet, the Mayor of Main Street, or even Mickey or Minnie! You can ride down Main St in a horseless carriage, horse drawn trolley, or even a fire engine. Make sure to catch a parade that goes down Main Street. - Cinderella's Castle: The most breathtaking castle even to adults! - Have breakfast while getting a visit from Cinderella, Snow White, and many others at Cinderella's Royal Table. You must get priority seating (reserved seating) by calling 407-WDW-DINE (This is the most popular character breakfast so it is hard to book and a credit card deposit is required). - Wishes: The best fireworks display you probably will ever see! - Haunted Mansion: a classic and probably one of the top 3 rides in any of the parks. - Splash Mountain: a fun water-filled ride in a log with a big drop at the end that is certain to get everyone wet. - Space Mountain: This is the first roller coaster I ever remember riding as a young kid. This ride is a dimly lit ride full of strobe lights, colors, dips, and twists as you zoom by shooting stars and glowing planets! This is the ride most ppl run to as the gates open :) - It's a Small World: a leisurely boat ride that goes through many themed rooms representing different areas of the world. A little much for some people with all the dolls and such in there but it is a sight to behold. **Epcot** - World Showcase: A huge lagoon surrounds this place full of pavilions representing different countries of the world. One of my fave restaurants is here. It is the San Angel located in the Mexico Pavilion. Great atmosphere and great food! The restaurant is decorated like a mexican marketplace at night. - IllumiNations: an amazing firework display over the lagoon. - The restaurants here are more plentiful and varied than the other parks! You can have Mexican, Italian, French, Chinese, British, Norwegian, Japanese, Mediterranean, or American food here. - Soarin: It is a simulated hang glider ride. The scenery and special effects make it seem like you are really gliding over the Golden Gate Bridge, a ski resort, a desert, etc. - Test Track: I personally love the Test Track b/c I'm a car aficionado and this is the fastest ride Disney has to offer. 65mph around a track :D **Animal Kingdom** - I love animals and I go here just to see the many animals here. - Yak and Yeti: Probably my favorite restaurant at Disney. I usually get the Crispy Mahi Mahi (love it!). The duck, ribs, and the Lo Mein are also very good. - Expedition Everest: It is one of the best roller coasters at Disney! The train will stop, switch tracks, change directions, etc, making for a very wild experience. **Hollywood Studios** - Tower of Terror: Probably the most enjoyment you can get from a single ride comes courtesy of Tower of Terror. - Rock n Roller Coaster: It's set up to look like L.A. and you zip through L.A. highways and landmarks at high speeds! - Lots of fun shows for the kids to do at Hollywood Studios including the Beauty and the Beast show, Fantasmic show, and Muppet Vision 3-D. Don't forget to check out the BoardWalk. It is a beautiful area that has lots more restaurants and other attractions including a club and live entertainment at night. If you could only do some of Disney I would say go to Magic Kingdom first. Save Animal Kingdom for last b/c it just doesn't have as much to offer as the other parks. For the kids, there is also over a dozen restaurants where you can dine with your favorite Disney characters. They come around while you eat so you will have plenty of chances to take pics with all of them. Overall this is the best vacation spot in the world! It's great for small kids, teens, and adults. It has lots of things for any age group to enjoy. Nothing can compete with Disney!! There is a reason it is the most visited theme park in the world every year.
Ah, come on!  Is a review really necessary?
-Overpriced, Overcrowded, and Overrated!!! -ANIMAL KINGDOM: very few rides and tons of walking forever. You can easily do this park in a 1/2 day or less...in fact, just skip it all together. It's an overpriced zoo, but way BORING! -HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS: YAWN! A wannabe Universal Studios. Not many rides either, mostly boring shows that start about the same time as other shows. A few decent rides - Toy Story Mania & Tower of Terror. You can easily do this park in 1/2 a day too. -MAGIC KINGDOM: Had the most rides of the four theme parks, but lacked the "magical essence" of Anaheim Disneyland. Tomorrowland is way better here...MINUS the ridiculous Stitch attraction (a total waste of space at the park and time). -EPCOT: My personal favorite of the four parks. Diverse attractions and fantastic rides. It sucked that some attractions closed earlier than others. World Showcase was so packed with CROWDS in mid-January during the middle of the week, it was just too frustrating waiting in lines for the restroom, for a snack, for the Viking ride in Norway (there's a FAST PASS for this? Really? Why?)...and dodging too many strollers and scooters. Ugh! TIP: Don't visit WDW during a promotion or during the January marathon, esp during the so-called "slow season"...it was so crowded!
Just finished first day visit here. Excited, exhausted and still looking for tomorrow's return. The Animimal Kingdom is much more interesting than expected, and Safari and the Musical Find Nemo is quite enjoyable. The Magic Kingdom is much crowded, but very worthy the price. We saw the parade, the 9 pm fireworks, Splashing Mountains and other activities, and we wore basically broken down. The major headache is inter-parks transportations, especially to and from Magic Kingdom. What a mess. Sometimes you had to wait 20 minutes to get the express monorail from the park lot to the entrance. Unbearable.
My wife and I took our Daughter to Disney World to celebrate her third birthday. We purchased the four day park hopper passes, and we still have two days left on them. I honestly do not understand how people have fun here. There were some good things, but they were severely outweighed by the bad. Positives: The parades were awesome and the scenery was beautiful. Magic Kingdom definitely visually outmatched every theme park I've been to. Negatives: The lines were completely out of control, and even with a fastpass we still had a 30-45 minute wait. Disney doesn't understand personal space! Yelling and complaining to get people to stand 5" away from each other isn't going to help me get anywhere faster. All it does is create a dangerous situation for younger children. My daughter was almost trampled twice before we even got into the park. It took two hours to park and get into the park at 9am! It cost me $14 to park, and another $14 to come back later in the evening when we left to eat food that wasn't horrible. The parks seemed to bring out the worst in everyone. Most of the staff was rude, and I even saw a fight break out behind me at the electric parade
Have been there almost every year.... some times, I would go twice in a year! Finally I am sick of going after the trip last week. ;-) Not that anything went wrong.... but just simply sick of going.  I totally lost track how many times I have been there for the past 15 year! (Actually, I am moving on to Disney Cruise Line... lol) Regardless .... it's a wonderful place... I totally agree it's the happiest place on earth.   Once you check in your luggage at airport... they take care of everything.... It's absolutely a vacation time.... just chill, relax and enjoy!   I don't mind getting on a kiddie ride because I appreciate how they operate this place and what they have accomplished. Inside the park... from formal dinning experience to kiddie rides.... look around.... it's simply amazing. I admire all their employees.... no matter what happens.. they always have great smiles.  Everyone was very well trained and professional. I admire and I appreciate what they have accomplished, what they can offer, and how they operate only because of one man's dream!!! Well, please do let me know if you have experienced better in any other amusement park close to what they offer in Disney!  I am not talking about simply just the rides (and please do ignore the weather because it's mother nature)... but the overall package ... who can give you a better total customer experience ...
This was our first time here, it was an amazing family vacation. Disney puts an amazing attention to detail.  The bus system is awesome to and from the resorts.  We had a rental car for a few days (to head  to the beach and do grocery shopping), but the buses were always more convenient to the parks. We visited all the parks (with the exception of the water parks and Epcot) and each had something special.  If you are traveling with kids I highly recommend the "The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World with Kids" guidebook, the touring plans are great. All the cast members are so helpful and friendly and really help make the experience magical. Our tips for enjoying your time here (especially in the summer with little ones): Pack frozen water bottles (buy cases of water and save $$) You will want a misting fan! Pack lunches (you'll save $$ and time) Go early or late for popular rides (Peter Pan's Flight and Dumbo can get insane and don't have fastpass) and make a plan before you go as far as what rides you really want to get on and get fastpasses if needed.
Disneyworld has to be my greatest ever holiday. It was a tremendous experience filled with happines and fun. I especially recommend you go to mgm studios.
Hell. Absolute Hell.   If I ever have offspring I'm not taking them here.  I don't care.  Call DCFS.  I'm not putting myself through a week of Disney-induced nausea just to see their little toothless faces light up at the sight of an obnoxious giant mouse. Wisconsin Dells it is, kids.  Just like your fellow middle class neighbor friends with overworked and underpaid parents, The Waterpark Capital of The World will have to do.
Disneyworld was definitley the best holiday i have ever been on. To fully appriciate the magic of classic disney (NB. Classic Disney as in Before 1999) You have to visit all 4 parks. The rides based on films are breathtakingly spectacualar, and the Great Movie ride in MGM is a must see. Some parts of Disneyland make you feel as if HSM and HM never really existed, however in others you see them everywhere. Totally magical, go if you have the chance.
I love Disney World. I usually go to Disneyland in California, and the experience in Florida is so much different. You definitely need more time! I would recommend not getting the park hopper. The parks are just too spread out for it to be practical. Plus, each park really does need it's own day. All four of the parks are great. I would also recommend spending a little extra to stay at a Disney hotel. With it being so spread out, it is vital to have access to their transport system and not have to rely on the very sparse shuttles at hotels off property. Also, go during winter. I have been in December, April and May. December was amazingly better. The weather was perfect and it made the trip so much more enjoyable. April and May are just way too hot and humid, and nothing is indoors!
Who doesn't love Disney World?!?!?!  Havent been there since i was a kid.  Wish i can go back!
It's really as good as it gets. No other place makes me sad I'm not there anymore once I get back home. I went last week with my wife and two kids. It was fantastic. We went with some of our friends and they had some things they did that I had never done (I've been a lot since I was a kid.) The people who work their try so hard to make you forget the outside world. No other amusement park in the world does it like Disney. If you don't like Disney World, your soul may be hardening. You might want to see a doctor. Yes, it's crowded, and some things are expensive, but at least nothing their is cheap and lame. And the attitude of everyone from the check out person to the garbage collector is great. I'm smiling just writing this review.
Disney world is incredible. It really is the most magical place on earth for both children and adults alike. I have been 4 times and am going again in December. Disneyworld is the place to meet all your favourite characters from films such as The Lion King, Finding Nemo and Toy Story. The Iconic symbol of Disney World Is Cinderella's Castle which is located at the end of Main Street USA. There are some brilliant rides here such as Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, Small World and Big Thunder Mountain. If your in Florida this is a must visit!
Seriously, if you are giving WDW anything less than 4 or 5 stars there is something wrong with you. It is the happiest place on earth...Disneyland doesn't even compare (I live in So Cal). And for people who complain "it's too big", these are probably the same people who complain when there's more than a few people in line in front of them at a grocery store. People who can be miserable at WDW are just miserable overall. I have lived in So Cal my whole life and have gone to D-Land several times. I was never a Disney fanatic nor obsessed with Disney all these years. Then in June 2008, my bf & I went to WDW. In short, we had one of the best times of our lives during those 6 days. We became "Disneyfied" and it was the first time we really appreciated Walt's creation and dream. Everyone was so happy and friendly...cast members & other guests! I have never experienced this kind of joy at D-Land. It is an affordable vacation and well worth the money! Our last day of WDW, my 30 year old bf teared up having to leave. Apparently lots of adults & kids feel sadness having to leave this magical place. Why is WDW 5 stars? Because this is the one place where no matter if you are 8,18,or 80, you can always be that eternal child, and nobody there will knock you for it.
There is no better place in the world for a fun packed family holiday. You are guaranteed a good time and the kids will never be bored. Guaranteed it is not the cheaoest place in the word but after you have paid the park entry everything apart from food and shops are free. You can choose the length of ticket you buy and on certain tickets can also visit several parks on one day. Something for every member of the family whatever their age.
Walt Disney World, I have a bone to pick with you.  Seriously.   WTF is up with you?  For real?  Look, I know I sound like a snob, coming from the SoCal zone where D-land reigns supreme, but...it sort of reigns supreme for a reason. Things made of suck about D-land: nothing Things made of suck about WDW: many 1.  Why are you so dirty, WDW? 2.  Why do the people who work for you seem so unhappy, WDW? 3.  Most importantly, WHERE IS THE MAGIC IN YOUR MAGIC KINGDOM?  I find the 'magic' part of the kingdom to be lacking in the extreme.  Also, why did you make Pirates boring?  HOW do you make Pirates of the OC boring, is the question.  I don't know, but you managed somehow.  Your castle is too damned big and I feel like I'm walking around in a mall with rides.  How declasse. I visited WDW back in the late nineties and thought it was the bomb.  I'm curious to know what's happened between now and then.  Methinks some of that Disney Co. moolah needs to be spent upgrading the Magic Kingdom here, at the very least. Epcot is fun, because you can get trashed in reasonable facsimiles of other nations that use racist stereotypes of what those other nations 'are' to sell stuff in the shops, LIKE OMG YAY I'M IN MEXICO LET ME BUY A SOMBRERO but at least there's the booze.  Hollywood Studios (which was MGM back in the day when I was there) has the excellent Tower of Terror, which in presentation is far more hype than its counterpart at California Adventure, and Animal Kingdom has...animals? Seriously, WDW get your act together and get fun and stop being suck.  I want to buy a yearly pass to you anyhow, even though you seem mostly suck to me and I can't do that in good faith unless you stop sucking so much. P.S.  Your Haunted Mansion is actually better than the D-Land one.  A point of win!
I love Disney and have been there many many times. Every year there is something new and exciting to see. While it may be expensive to visit, there is a lot to do and ways to stick to a budget. Plan your trip well in advance and look for deals, they pop up all the time. I would suggest spending a day at every park except for The Magic Kingdom which usually needs two days to see everything. Also visit the water parks and Downtown Disney for an added bonus to your trip. There are always things going on for kids and adults alike. Holidays always bring an additional sites and sounds to the already amazing landscape. The Christmas Parade was fabulous, its great to be in shorts on Christmas day (coming from someone in the North East where it snows).
I was forced to enter this PLASTIC HELL when I lived in Florida and now I don't even want to go anywhere near Orlando and the stinking cesspool that is RATLAND...I will never go back, you can't make me... Also a word of warning taking acid and riding the We are the World ride is NOT a good idea...Not saying I've done it but I've heard the stories...that's some scary ass shit...Oh and watch out for those costumed characters they'll hump you like a Jack Russell Terrier if you're not careful... That was very cleansing I feel much better now...never realized I had that much pent up Disney related trauma...
If I could give Disney World more than 5 stars, I definitely would. It doesn't matter what age you are, you can still enjoy Disney World. You don't have to go on any rides if you don't want to, and there is always something going on for families to do. Also, it's not only a family vacation. If you're traveling with one other person it would still be a blast to go. The rides are great though, and I can't wait to go back. I don't know if they still offer them but the first time I went, we got these things called "hopper" passes and they never expire and they allow you to come and go as you please to whichever park you want to spend the day at. Downtown Disney is also great for adults and kids to hang out at night or during the day. Disney is quite expensive but you're having the time of your life so it's definitely worth it!
The Greatest Place on Earth. Just go to one park per day, don't try more.  You'll die of exhaustion. And you may want to just schedule one park in a day and then a day off to rest, and then move on to another park the third day, etc. If you stay in the park, which you should, you should sign up for a character breakfast if you brought kids.  Get a Mickey Mouse shaped pancake.  They claim these are just for kids, but they'll give 'em to adults if you act like a kid about it.  Breakfast at Boma near the Animal Kingdom is fantastic, including various African grain cereals.  I ate like an 18 year old football player there with no guilt. If you only have time for one park, go to the Animal Kingdom and take the Safari ride. If the park tickets are beyond your reach, Downtown Disney provides oodles of fun without having to pay admisison. All the hotels are well maintained and have pools (many with bars) to entertain the whole family during time outside the parks. One more thing not to be missed: The Luau in the Hawaiian Village for dinner.  Fire juggling.  How can you not love fire jugglers?
The Happiest Place on Earth!!! I've been here two times and I still love it lol
Disney world is amazing. I am a huge Disney fan. As an adult I still really enjoy theme parks for some reason. I guess I really buy into it all. Yes it can be very expensive, maybe even overpriced. But it is something that one has to experience. Best advice is to save up so there will be no stress about money ruining the trip. The park hopper is great. And you got to give yourself a day for each park. Maybe you can cram 2 of your least favorite parks in one day. But their is truly so much to do. Only thing I regret is a year ago we tried to do it around new years and on New Years Eve. I knew what I was getting myself into, but we were going to be in Orlando anyways for the Capital One College Bowl Game, so we figured we would make it a trip. If you think you got the heart to handle it, you will realize it is a once in a lifetime type deal. It is the busiest day of the year for them. And tickets are more expensive as well. The parks will reach capacity around 11am-6pm. It depends on the park, as you can imagine, Magic Kingdom will hit capacity very early, and Epcot being so huge will be later if it reaches. Parks close in stages. Phase 1. Anyone who doesn't have a ticket will not be allowed past the parking booth. Phase 2. Only resort guests, annual passholders and park-hoppers (from another park) as well as those using resort transportation or taxi transportation are allowed in. (They are smart though and start to shut down and limit park transportation. They make it hard to get to where you want to go, giving them a little more control of the crowds) Phase 3. Only resort guests using Disney transportation, annual passholders, Shades of Green guests and Downtown Disney resort guests using provided transportation are admitted. Phase 4. Park is closed to everyone. You really got to be prepared mentally and physically because it is all about endurance. It will be the longest day of your life. The parks are ridiculously packed. You will not get to ride any rides if you don't play smart. The fastpasses will run out super early!  It will be packed.  Expect super long lines at the bathrooms. Super long lines for food. You might wonder if it is a fire code violation. You might curse Disney for even allowing that so many people in.   We ended up in Epcot since Magic Kingdom reached capacity and Epcot would be the roomiest. The parties at all the different worlds were very cool. Unfortunately me and my g.f were so tired and ill, but I will acknowledge that each world was really throwing down with music and DJs and crazy laser light shows. Once 12 rolled around. I figured it was all worth it. Best fireworks display I have ever seen. And I am confident that It will be the best I ever will see because no one has a budget like Disney.  Also got to give credit to Disney for still functioning despite how crowded it was. Don't get me wrong, it was miserable, but the castmembers were still nice as can be!
Fun for adults too. We were lucky with perfect weather and manageable crowds. We bought park hopper and deluxe meal plan. We spent a lot of time eating and did not use our snack credits until the last full day. We used them at downtown Disney at goofy's candy store.
The best time of my life! Stayed for a week, but could have totally stayed longer! I could not believe how friendly everyone was including guests, despite the really warm and muggy weather! We were able to do all four parks, went to downtown disney to experience DisneyQuest, and were able to visit and ENVY the Polynisian, Animal Kingdom Lodge, Contemporary, and the Grand Floridian as well! Such a nice place to come with or without kids! I'm already planning my next trip with my brother and his girlfriend for next year! Yay!
5 stars!!!  Wouldve given it more.  Love it.  Ive been about 15 times and cant wait to go back!!!!
Magic Kingdom = downsized Disneyland It's terrible!  Space Mountain only moves at about 5 mph, Star Tours is so jerky and lacks that fluid realistic movement of the original, and strollers!  OMG, STROLLERS EVERYWHERE!!!  Why do you people bring your children to an amusement park if they can't even stand yet!  Ever hear of a babysitter! The only thing that saves it from getting 1 star are MGM Studios with the "Tower of Terror" and Aerosmith's "Lock & Roll" rides.  Epcot can be a lot of fun too, but the ride through that giant silver ball thingy is the lamest thing ever, basically a giant AT&T commercial.
Getting old at Disney World's Magic Kingdom. The night show is great, but I'm glad they are updating Fantasy Land in 2012.
Skip going to Disneyland in LA...yeah I said it. I can't believe that they have how many parks in Florida?! I am a kid at heart and I want to go back....great birthday gift from my one and only mom! I got the chance to have a great time from day one until a week into my stay...I hated that I had to go home and say bye to Mickey and friends. No worries! I'm coming back here someday. Maybe with a few kids of my own...if not, I'll take a few friends for fun!
It's hard to ever have a bad time at Disney World just beause of the nature of what they do.   I guess most people go there for the first time as kids, but as the years roll along and multiple visits occur, it is never quite like you remember it as a kid. Disney seems to be pushing the bottom line more than an interest in you having a good time.  In our last visit, it was far too over-crowded at the Magic Kingdom to be enjoyable.  There are very long lines and hard to navigate your way around. FLORIDA WEATHER: It's always a nightmare.  I never like going there in the summer.  I'm a Northern California guy.  We don't have high humitdy and heat here, so Florida humidity will drain your energy. DINING: The restaurants are still much overpriced (you are a captive audience so they don't care).  However, the food quality seems to have improved over the years.  The fast food service places have decent food and pricing. The meal plan:  It's a great concept, yet bad implementtion.  It is confusing.  We could not use our meal plan on one night as there were no reservations at ANY restaurants.  Thus we wasted money on meals we could not use.  They should allow priority for meal plan users.  It saves some money though.  Also, FORCED tipping, and taxes (taxes even on the tip) !!!  We end up spending another $50 a day.... this should all be included in the meal plan.  The reason I want a meal plan in the first place is to forget about extra costs. I've always hated FORCED tipping anyway.  Disney, you have forgotten that tipping is for the purpose of rewarding exceptional service.  It is NOT meant to be included to subsidize the lower salary you pay your employees.  That is a disgusting, worrisome trend. THE STAFF: The staff are always friendly and superb.  They want you to have a good time.  The part that always amazes me though is how many attendees can be so rude and mean to the children.  I am talking about frustrated Mom's and Dads who scream at their kids and yank them by the arm.  Folks, why bother to spend all that money to go there if you are just going to ruin your children's precious early memories by screaming at them?  Tobe a little sarcastic here... Disney, please implement a "SLAP PLAN."  Any time you see a parent scream at their kid or yank them by the arm, then you should have an attendee slap the hell out of mom and dad.  Het them know how it feels :-) TRANSPORTATION:  I was bored and tired by having to take Disney busses everywhere to move among the parks or to the hotel.   They do come very often, but it is a hassle that you will not like at the end of a long day. PHOTOPASS: This is something we won't bother with in the fuure.  It is not a mature process. Photo pass is not consistent.  Some places are easy to select a photo for your ride, yet some places require payment in advance.  Two girls form Haiti were not trained at all.  It took 20 minutes to find the photo, puchase, and print it.  That is a big waste of our time.  Photos are also too expensive. Web site downloads are limited to 8 1/2 X 11" size.  The PhotoPass web site is terribly slow and hangs a lot.  On screen preview is too small to be able to see problems like who is blinking.  Download of a prepaid photo was only in 4 X 6 format. The site is also confusing with lots of pop-ups.  "Canned" photos are too expensive for download.  The only way this is even close to being worthwhile is to order the photo CD for a fixed price.  We suggest to just use your cell phone for photos.  You will actually get better resolution photos than what Disney puts on the web site for you to buy at a high price. MAGICAL EXPRESS: BIG stars for Disney on this one.  They got it exactly perfect.  If you are coming from out of town by airplane, the express buses take care of all your baggages directly from the airline.  You simple hop off the plane, get on the buss, and when you arrive at the hotel, the bags are in your room.  The same thing occurs on your trip to the airport.  We need had to deal with our bags when we left the hotel.   the bags were ready when we got back home to our airport. FIREWORKS: To end of a really positive note:  No one does fireworks like Disney.  They are absolutely spectacular.  Also, the castle projections and LED color-changing spots on the castle at night are dazzling.  In just the last few years, Disney has greatly upgraded that night time show and you must see it to believe it.
Perhaps the best experience in a theme park in the world.  This includes Disney's other theme parks as well(Disneyland, Disney Tokyo Land/Sea). Be ready of course to spend money as it isn't a cheap experience but its worth it IF you prepare correctly. 1.  Research the dates you will go.  Try to aim for the off season so you will have to deal with less people.  Early Mid January is one such time.  Very little people, do weekdays of course too. 2.  IF you can do it.  Stay at a resort on the Disney grounds.  It will cost a slight more but you enjoy Disney perks(early/late hours at theme parks, the full Disney Experience).  There are numerous resorts too so try to plan your resort for where you will spend the most time as many resorts can be far away from the parks.   3.  Note Disney's own transportation system.  They have their own free transport form Orlando airport to their resorts and free transport to the theme parks as well.  They are quite regular. 4. Be sure to check out Disney's World Experience application for smart phone!  Shows live wait times for rides, you can make reservations for Disney dining, and it will feature the Fast Pass + system on it soon! 5.  Can't stress enough, to make the best of your Disney experience, research research! 6.  HAVE FUN!  Not only you, but share the experience with fellow guests!  Making friends with other park goers is great!  Kids got a kick talking about their favorite rides!
Disney continues  to be one of my favorite places in the world to visit. Going to Disney is like being  a little kid again. I can't wait to go back. The drive is worth it!
Disney World is a lot newer and bigger than Disneyland obviously and it's amazing!  I love both resorts.  I like the Disney World Resort slightly better, because they have more different amusement parks in the resort, while Disneyland only has two.   It's kind of annoying how the resort is so big, that you have to ride on the tram for several minutes to get to one place to another.  But the best is MGM Studios.  They have the most thrilling rides.  I would love to go back sometime soon!
Walt Disney World is my favourite place in the world! It makes for such an amazing holiday, with incredible theme parks and hotels. I would recommend staying on site in one of the many resorts to make your holiday the best it could be! The four theme parks and two water parks make for so different days out. It is worth saving up to go here - it is a wonderful holiday for the whole family.
Who doesn't love Walt Disney World?? I haven't been there in years, and I can still remember how amazing it is. It's unlike any other place in the world. I remember my dad fighting us on wanting to go, because he thought it was just for kids, but he loved it just as much as we did! There are plenty of things for adults to do as well. There is SO much to do, which is why people can keep coming back again and again. They are always changing it and bringing in new things. All of the parks are great and unique in the own ways. There is everything from rides, to movies, to restaurants, to live shows. The fireworks at Magic Kingdom are awesome, walking around Epcot is like seeing the world all in one place (kind of), Animal Kingdom is like being in The Lion King Movie, and Hollywood Studios is like reliving the movie memories! Awesome, great, a must see at least once in a lifetime.
It quite literally is the happiest place on earth. Every kid, or big grown up kid, should visit here at least once in their lives. There simply is nowhere like it with 4 awesome theme parks with attractions for all ages as well as two of the best water parks in the world. The downtown disney is area is so much fun too with loads to do and not one of the resorts here is anything short of superb. Several world class golf courses are also a must for any golfer on holiday here and are by no means expensive to play despite being used on the pga tour.
Magical for kids of all ages...enough said!
Our children are both in their teens now so probably did not enjoy this as much as the universal parks however this was still a simply magical place to visit. The monorail ride to the park was fun but very busy. You've got to see both parades the night and day ones are completely different and the firework show is a must. Although be warned it does get extremeely busy and you will need to get into a good viewing position early otherwise you end up having to stand behind a tree or some other obstruction and not getting a good view. The highlight was seeing tinkerbell fly down from Cinderella's castle. :)
What's not to love? Make a plan.  Make a priority list.  And don't make absolutes.  You dont know what weather, or capacity will be like when you visit.  Take your time.  You'll never see everything.  If it does rain, just play it out.  It will usually pass, and the park will empty out of people afraid of weather :) Pack your own lunch and water as food is pretty pricey and I hate to pay $2.50 for a bottle of water.   Walkie talkies are great to find kiddos if you dont want to rely on cell phones (which you might lose on a ride).   If you want to meet characters try character breakfasts :) those are guaranteed. The photographers will take pics with your camera if you ask them to, and the photo pass is really neat.   I highly recommend Downtown Disney.  Lots of eats, and shopping.  If you've forgotten a souvenir from a park you can find it at World of Disney store.  Movie theater, House of Blues, Cirque... And its free to park, and free to walk around.
The best place on earth! Always special, fun and Magical!
NUMBER 300!  and it must be dedicated to the vacation that my better half planned, orchestrated and flawlessly executed!!! Maybe she should have been my 300th review?!  Kudos. This place is truly the craziest place on earth.  I imagined that I would feel a little too mature for this place, however, it was really impressive what these places combine to be.  From Epcot's round the world showcase, to the Animal Kingdom safari life with Jungle Book surrealism, to the Magical Kingdom just being what it is.  Disney's true vision...to it's sheer vastness in land and transportation.  WOW!!! The bro in law simply put it this way....Disney World is ran better than our country!  Thoroughly impressive and truly breath taking!   Thanks Walt Disney and thank you B!
Just completed a 4 1/2 day trip to Disney World.   People who work here are very postiive, knowledgeable and helpful.  Don't even bother looking at your smart phone, tour book or map.  Just ask someone.  They will know the answer. Seems like they are almost have too many people working there.  There were people whose soul job was to hold a sign that said "Exit" when we departed the Magic Kingdom.  Personally, I think I could find the exit without that person.  Here's an idea: Could Disney not hire so many people and reduce the price of admission??  I know it's harsh and a radical thought but this place ain't chea. In general Disney World is incredible.  It's Disney Land on steroids.  I went with my 10 year old daughter.  She had alot of fun.  The place is massive.  One negative is that each park is spread out from the other.  At Disney Land everything is fairly condensed.  At Disney World it's bit of a hassle to get from one park to another.  There are so many people and the lines are so long and it's hot you get exhaused around 3 or 4 PM.  If you stay at a Disney hotel it's convenient to go to your room and crash for an hour and head back out.  If you don't stay at at Disney hotel your kind of stuck.  Unless you have a rental car then you could possibly crash in the car.  We stayed at a Holiday Inn. At Magic Kingdom I've never seen so many baby strollers in one place.  There must have been thousands.  Moms use them as battering rams to get the mob of people.   One thing that really rubbed me the wrong way is the price of food and drink.  A hot dog an chip was around $8.  These guys are gouging people.  But people pay it.  I guess there is a sucker born evey day.  My suggestion bring your own food.  You'll save a ton of money.
C'mon, it's Disney World for goodness sake!  It gets five stars in my book.  Those who gave it 1 or 2 stars are just OLD and grumpy now.  Do you really want to be *that* person?  Hell no. I went here a few times as a kid, and a couple years ago went with my bf who had never been.  We had a great time!  We rode all the corny children's rides and saw fireworks there on the 4th of July.  It was fun being a kid again.
Walt Disney World is the absolute best vacation spot! Friendly service & fun attractions give WDW five stars from me!
Over priced...over hyped...great for kids...skip it, unless you have a peter pan complex. The place is so packed all year round, and is stuck in bOrelando, Florida. I preferred the Walt Disney Land experience much more than this place. Hell is on earth...its called Disney World.
Besides the price of admission and some long lines, there are PLENTY of things to do and see. Make sure to take advantage of the online fastpass+ Disney is starting to use. A family could easily spend a week here and not do everything. Enjoy!
The only place you can get shot down by a girl playing Tinkerbell. Other than, you know, a Halloween party. Oh whatever, I bet she isn't even that hot without the fairy costume. You want to know what this place is? It's a glorified shopping mall. There's like ten shops for every ride. You know where else has shopping and an amusement ride? Toys R' Us in Times Square. I'm sure the two have the same number of restrooms as well. I'm sure any kid would be as happy as a clam here though. Unless they're child slaves. Because this is quite the trading ground for human traffickers. Oh, like you didn't know that already. Speaking of clams, there's this one shop where you buy a clam (or oyster. Or mussel. It's one of them) and they'll open it up and if you're lucky, there's a pearl inside. Mine didn't have a pearl. Clams are hateful bastards.
Been to Disney just about every year since it opened in 1971. first trip back for about 10 years. with 3 boys ages 15, 10 & 2, all there first time and my husbands first also. I remember eveything always being so clean and well organized and maintained. but this time all the bathrooms were in bad need of attention. Any of the staff member we approached for help with something were quite hostile. Very dissapointed this time.
The happiest place east of Tampa. I just returned to California from Orlando with an empty wallet and a sour taste in my mouth. I'm wondering why I ever chose to fly to Florida when the "real" Disneyland is so much more special. In over 30 years of visiting the park(s) in Anaheim, I have never been yelled at by a Disney Cast member. In Orlando, it happened multiple times. ... "I said, Move to your right!". "Cash Only. My card reader is flaking out and you can't use your Disney Dining plan card here!". Bus drivers yelling at riders. Yes, there were exceptions, and there were exceptional cast members, but in a 1:1 comparison of Orlando to Anaheim, I must conclude that those folks in Anaheim represent the whole Disney Spirit. Magic Kingdom:    1) Pirates in Orlando is lame.    2) Space Mountain should be refurbished like they did to the same attraction in Anaheim. It's incredibly bumpy and uncomfortable.    3) Splash Mountain in Orlando is a bit better than the same attraction in Anaheim.    4) Fantasyland in Orlando just doesn't have the same feeling as Anaheim. It looks like it was built in a hurry.    5) Mickey's Toontown in Orlando is lame. Disney's Hollywood Studios    1) Rock and Roll Coaster is pretty good. Similar to Space Mountain in Anaheim.    2) Tower of Terror - slightly better in Orlando, but in Anaheim they open the wall and you get a good 3-4 second view of the Magic Kingdom. In Orlando, it happens too fast.    3) Little Mermaid show - lame    4) Indiana Jones show - pretty good, but too much talking.    5) Lights, Motors, Action - pretty good, but too much talking. Disney's Animal Kingdom    1) Safari - in theory it should be good, in reality, it's cliff notes in a bus.    2) Everest - over-hyped. California Screamin is a much better coaster.    3) Nemo show - I thought it was good, the rest of the family felt a little cooler about it.    4) Lion King show - pretty good. Epcot    1) Spaceship Earth - lame. It's 2008, and the most recent historical event in this ride is Steve Wozniak building an apple? - lame    2) Test Drive - pretty cool    3) Mission Space - I did green. My wife did "orange" and came out of the ride looking green.    4) Soarin' - hmmm. this is the exact same ride that I've been on dozens of times at Disney's California Adventure called "Soarin over California". Seems really stupid that they took "California" off the name, since all of the destinations on film are in, um, California. I must totally gripe here. We arrived one morning at 8:45 when the early entry started at 8:00. They wouldn't let us in. We had to wait in line with the 9:00 crowd which didn't get us through the turnstiles untile 9:30 ... We stayed at a Disney Resort, paid a ton of money, and they screw us out of their stated benefits. The dining plan blows. Don't do it! more later.
i think disneyworld is a dream place with anything you could ever with for from small rides to giant parades and performances. You can also get pictures with different disney charactors and get their autographs to show your friends and family.
I.  Love.  This.  Place. I'm seriously thinking of getting married here (if and when I ever get married), because it's just so happy.  I mean, if you don't have kids it's extremely happy, and I've also decided that I'm never going to have children, and if I do, I'm not going to bring them here until they're old enough to pay bills, taxes and make the vacation plans. This place is huge, and I swear, it's all hidden within swamps and jungles of Florida.  You can probably drop me in the middle of the resort and I'd have no idea where I am, and I'd walk a few hundred yards and run straight into either a hotel or a theme park.  Amazing. I feel like I outsmarted most of the crowds by going between Thanksgiving and Christmas (great, just gave away my secret), or in early May, before schools let out.  The hotels are cheaper, the parks are less crowded and the weather is more mild. My only complaint about this whole shindig is that it's so incredibly expensive.  Food, theme park tickets, souveniers all add up to a huge amount.  We found free things to do, like tour each of the hotels, walk around the Boardwalk and Downtown Disney, and we definitely made use of the free vouchers they included in the vacation package, such as a free pass for mini golf. The way I see it, Disneyland in Anaheim is where the party started.  Disney World in Florida is where the party continues.  Whee!
I was really surprised bt Disney World i went thinking it would be mostly just for the children but i have to say its one of my favorite places to visit. We where their for two weeks and i dont think i got to see everything! We visited Magical Kingdom, Epcot, Animal Kigdom, MGM Studios and Downtown Disney. Each morning we arrived in Disney at around 8am and didnt leave some nights to near midnight! My favorite rides are: Animal Kingdom - Kilimanjaro Safari & Kal River Rapids Magic Kingdom - Space Mountain Epcot - Mission Space & Soarin MGM - Rock n Rollercoaster The fireworks displays are spectaular and the shows are amazing! We visited over independence day and if i was going again i would pick that time of year again as there are even bigger and better fireworks displays and events on!
Remember after Double Dare when they'd say that it was filmed in Orlando, Florida? Oh how whimsical Florida seemed to me then. A beautiful place with t-shirt weather year round, Mark Sommers and slime. When my family went to Disneyworld in Nov. a few years ago that whimsical vision of Florida was destroyed. Why? Why did I go on this trip? I could have stayed at home and envisioned my family riding rides, smiling, sharing Mickey shaped ice creams and being as wholesome as can be. Instead i went. So let's get to the point. Do not go to Disneyworld. It's a waste of money. It will not make you're family like each other. My poor parents shelled out thousands of dollars to bring the entire family to this god forsaken state that is hotter than hell and sticky , ooh god is it sticky. Best part of the entire trip, when my brother and i found an Indian restaurant near our hotel. We ate there every single night.
I LOVE YOU DISNEYWORLD ILL SEE YOU IN 2014
I can not believe some of the sour reviews. How does anyone say they dislike someplace because of the humidity? Such odd thinking if you ask me. Well anyway we had a great time and feel it is well worth the price of admission, I mean do you realize how much it must cost every day just to open the gates and try to make everyone happy. So for us it is a bargain. Having the wheelchair that week we were there it made navigating between the other guests a bit of chore but we managed. We also entered the rides via a different entrance, some at the end of the ride rather the beginning. Each person but one was very accommodating, believe me that really makes a difference and we appreciated the very nice folks making sure we were having the best time possible. I am not a kid person, but it is fun to see how excited they get, well that is if their parents are not being jerks. Forget it is hot and humid and have some fun, it is there if you want it.
It was great.  Read the other reviews!
It does NOT get any better than Disney! Thank you all for SO much fun! My family and I bought annual passes last May and we have enjoyed a WONDERFUL year at Walt Disney World. Thank you for your WONDERFUL community of employees who are always kind and gracious! Keep up the good work!
Disney World Is my favorite place.  I have been coming here for years. It truly is the happiest place on earth.  The perfect place for a family vacation. My favorite hotel is the Contemporary Hotel with the convenient monorail going right through the center of the hotel, and the adorable Chef Mickey's.   There is honestly something here for everyone. Kids, adults, and teens will all find something to do. When I thing of the happiest times of my life all take place here in Disney. When Im here I am home.
I pray I don't return here until I have a child of at least 8 or 9. We went here for a whirlwind weekend when we had friends getting married here. We stayed in the All Star music resort which was huge and meh. I have  a BIG problem with some of the policies here: 1. Disney World is so huge, so many square miles, that you cannot escape into the real world. We checked in, wanted a drink, and learned that a single coors light, was $6. We're from Golden, people, we can get that stuff for free at home. Better yet, they don't sell beer in anything other than single bottles at $6-8 a pop. We literally had to go to a fancier hotel to get a valet to drive us to a gas station so we could buy beer for less than a hundred bucks. We did, however, spring for the flask-size bottle of vodka in the gift shop for $15. 2. They don't offer cheaper rates as the day goes on. This is plain extortion. Our almost-newlywed friends wanted to go into Epcot to go to a bar. They had 5 day passes, and we were saving up our money to be able to afford to go the next day at all. We weren't going on any rides, we just wanted to go into a restaurant to spend money on Epcot property. To do this they wanted us to spend $85 per person to be in Epcot for the 2 hours until it closed. Absolutely ludicrous. 3. The wedding reception was in Epcot, and we were literally counted by a woman whose sole job was to make sure we all made it back on the bus. This is how important it was to them that we didn't go into Epcot without going through the main entrance and paying through the nose. 4. When we finally did go pay, ($85 per person. We had two people who could have gotten military discounts but the area where you have to go to get said tickets is not on any bus route, nor is it within walking distance. Gee I wonder why they do that?) We had 3 hours or so to do as much as possible. In 3 hours we accomplished 5 rides I think? And these were with short lines. It's just kind of absurd. I should say, that six months later my husband and I went to Tokyo disney. Much better experience. Cheaper all the way around- and if you go at certain times or days it's even cheaper, (go from 6pm-10:00 pm and it''s $30. The florida location doesn''t even stay open  past 8 most days). Fewer over-the-top rides but much more fun over all. We rode the tower of terror at least 3 or 4 times.
Disney world is the best place ever some teenagers might say that Disney is not a good place for them but I am a teenager and I had a good time. Disney is good place for any age.
In writing this review, I'm sure that 99 percent of people reading through these have already been to Walt Disney World. If you're part of the 1 percent that has never been- what are you waiting for? There's always some kind of battle as to which is the better entertainment venue in Orlando, Disney or Universal. Personally, I think Universal is more for adults and has cooler rides, but there's something to be said for waiting 2 hours for every SINGLE ride. Disney just has something magical about it that I enjoyed as a kid, and keeps me coming back for more and more fun. Walt Disney World is divided into many different parks and resorts. Of course you have the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Animal Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, and also Downtown Disney, Wide World of Sports, a couple of water parks, plus the 20 or so resorts dotting the area, even the Walt Disney World Speedway. Want to make travel easy? If you're going from park to park or staying at one of the resorts, you can take a bus, train, boat, or monorail to any other place in the area for free. If you're traveling to the area with kids, Walt Disney World is THE place to go. Helpful tips for anyone going- do research BEFORE you go. The websites are very helpful, and have lots of information about travel, checking in and out, how to get around, maps, information about rides, travel schedules, etc... The more you know before you get in, the better off you'll be. Also, don't be afraid to call up on the phone and ask questions. I had a question about parking before I went down and talked with an incredibly nice lady who answered all my questions and explained everything to me, so I knew where I was going when I got there. Saved me a TON of time. Overall, LOVE Walt Disney World. Have NEVER had a bad time here, and will definitely be back many, many, MANY times. Something about it just keeps drawing me back, and I always enjoy myself way more than Universal Studios.
This is indeed the happiest place on earth.
O.K...so really..how man fat americans and their screaming overweight kids can you fit in one overpriced place ?? It was nice to hear all the different languages, cultures, dress, of the tourists. I am not a fan of Disney despite spending NEARLY A WEEK ON DISNEY PROPERTY...AT THE HOLIDAY INN ! Everything ridiculously over priced....too many people (and this was an off time in terms of crowds)... Epcot ?? really ?  Why not actually go to Europe...might be cheaper :) If you have kids...probably a better experience.. Place was spotless however....and the staff are well trained...unlike some of the staff at the hotels.... People in our group loved the Segway tour of Epcot. Restaurants were mediocre at best...the cuban place had good food...but no decent rums to speak of.  Obviously you are not going to get aged Cuban rums...but at least some high quality products from the Carib..since rum is a big part of Cuban culture.
Always something to do, for all ages. Disneyworld certainly isn't just for the kids. Personally I wouldn't recommend taking young kids who are too small to walk. The parks are enormous, and very hard work with a stroller. They're also hard work for any child under about 8 years old (obviously that will vary with the child). I'd recommend getting (and reading) the Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World. The advice will prepare any novices for the experience
Great place for a child in love with Disney - I would've loved to have come when I was a child. Even as someone who was tired of the humidity and heat, it was fun to be here! I was at Epcot for a scavenger hunt activity and the fireworks at 9AM. The fireworks were beautiful, I have never seen grander ones elsewhere. I do prefer those of Disneyland in LA, because they tell Disney stories with the fireworks, such as having red, green, and blue fireworks while telling about the three fairies that come out in the Sleeping Beauty, or showing Tinkerbell. Despite the humidity, a cute fun place to be. Except for the foods of course, which were a little too expensive. But hey, you're at the happiest place in the world - why not spend a little extra.
Good place to take a young child. Everything is overpriced. We had a lot more fun at universal studios. The night we went there was a Halloween event and we had to pay an extra 120 just to stay and see fireworks.
It's Disney World - why does it only have 4 stars??????? Magic Kingdom fireworks = Most amazing fireworks of my life. Just thought I'd throw that out there. If you haven't been, go. If you have been, go again. And if you're seriously reading Yelp for reviews on Disney World to decide if you should go, what is WRONG with you?  Just gooooooo.
Love Disney World.  Been going since I was young and I finally got a chance to take my kids!  I have a 2.5 year old and a 10 year old, so it was a bit of a challenge keeping them both busy and engaged at the same time, however, the Magic Kingdom park really provided for great entertainment for both.  I personally LOVE EPCOT, but it is really geared for an older audience.  If you are planning a trip and have youngsters, plan to spend only about a half a day or so at EPCOT then jump the monorail to Magic Kingdom. Speaking of the monorail, they used to let you ride up front with the driver if you asked, but I guess they stopped doing that about 3 years ago, I was really bummed as I told my 10 year old we might be able to do it. We stayed on property at the All Star Movie resort and used the Disney transportation to and from the airport... Let me tell you that is AWESOME, so easy especially when you have kids and lots of bags, I'd recommend it for sure. This is the first time I have been to Animal Kingdom, and it was just OK, but I think I was comparing it to my IDEA of Disney, and its just not quite a Disney park in my eyes.
If you do a little research and plan before visiting the most popular vacation destination in America, Walt Disney World can be one of the best experiences you'll ever have.  You'll look back on those pictures of costumed characters and castles and floppy ear hats and feel all warm and gooey inside because there really is no place that plays the "be-a-kid-again" angle better. If you wake up one day, shout "hai guise, lets go to Disneyworld LOL!", hop on the plane and "wing it" during the middle of summer, you'll go home complaining about costs, crowds, and Florida heat. It's all up to you, sweetheart.  As for me, I bow to King Mickey, eternal ruler of the magical land of childhood dreams.  He's never let me down.
best thing about disneyworld is the free and super fast wifi. and thats about it.
I'm probably a little biased since most of my memories from when I was a kid is of time spent at Disneyland. But, I've always been a loyal Disney fan (except when it comes to Disney Channel, but I digress) so when my family decided to go to Disneyworld one summer I squealed and I think my asian eyes disappeared for a bit as I smiled. Once we got there, it was pretty exciting because it's like Disneyland but multiplied 10 times. But then, I realized Disneyworld didn't hold the same charm that Disneyland holds for me. It's super big, so everyone looks dead walking around. Kids are screaming, parents are zombies, and cast members are scarce. I guess the problem with Disneyworld is the size. You can't compare Disneyworld's elephantine mass with Disneyland's smaller park, but more cheerful ambiance. By the end, I was completely wiped and happy to get out of there. There's only so much mediocrity you can take when it comes to Disney. Disneyworld should have been awesome for me! Too bad it wasn't.... (Plus, that wave pool at Typhoon Lagoon is killer on the skin. Tip: Don't sit down near the water when a wave comes. You will end up at the first aid station with many many band-aids)
This is my favorite place to be in the entire world. This really is the most magical place on earth. From the second you arrive onto Disney property you feel like something special is happening........and it is......your actually turning into a child again, i don't know why but its totally cool to pretend your a princess or a pirate here. You can even buy costumes to further your imagination.  There are some amazing Hotels here they all have different themes. Hawaiian, Wilderness, Contemporary, Sports, Mexican, Classic, just about anything you might fancy. Disney is filled with Families looking for some sort of rejuvenation together. Good restaurants, Childhood favorites, Great hotels, Tons of Sites to see you can travel around the world here, see into the future, into the past, how to conserve our earth, see Cinderellas castle, go under the sea, into space, to California, see all of the princesses, mouses, and what ever you favorite Disney character land there is out there. You will see fireworks every night, lots of birds, sandy Beach's, It is by far the best place on earth for to use of you out there that still have an imagination. You can even see ghosts, witches, bears, deer, everyone should go to Disney its Magical.
For all of you who say that Disney is babyish, stupid, and boring, I guess you went to a different place than me. I had a blast even when I visited for one day at the Magic Kingdom. I had a blast even when I had just been in the car for 10 hours. I had a blast riding the bus to random parks and resorts trying to get to the Polynesian. It is NOT run down. Magic Kingdom just got remodeled very recently. I've been to Disney three times, at ages seven, ten, and twelve. The parks didn't change much between my visits, but they were still awesome. The only things I didn't like were the crowds (that's inevitable at Disney), the Hollywood Tower Hotel ride, and the heat (but it is Florida). Sure my feet hurt, and I was overtired every time we returned to the hotel, but if everyone here is familiar with the concept of TOTALLY WORTH IT, it's still fun. I also recommend if you're visit for the day from, say Orlando or Tampa or somewhere close, visit Magic Kingdom instead of park hopping. That way you don't spend most of your time on a bus.
Stayed at a resort here and went to the "magic kingdom".  Horrible experience with rude "cast members" at and on the buses and the resort doubled the price of purchases with a "travel" charge and mandatory 20% tip.  Sounds like the unhappiest place on earth if you ask me.  By the way, nothing magical about their magical express shuttle tithe airport...takes forever and you're better off using cabs or a rental car to get around if you value your time at all.
Okay, so I'm a Disney dork.... I've been waiting to come here for as long as I can remember. Living and growing up in California, I practically grew up at Disneyland, Anaheim. But this is Disney World! So, I can't give Disney World 5 stars. My expectations were way too high, after all these years of anticipation. But, it was deffinately pretty close to 5 stars. Ride by Ride: 4 Stars - Space Mountain - Not as fast as the one in Anaheim, but the line was faster. 5 Stars - Big Thunder Mountain - Fast and fun! 4 Stars - Tea Cups - Didn't dig the covered ride. Guess it rains here. 4 Stars - Haunted Mansion - Different from Anaheim.... 2 Stars - Pirates of the Caribbean - 1/3 of the ride was missing! My favorite part, going thru the Bayou and the cemetery were gone! 4 Stars - Stitch's Great Escape - Cute for the kids. But it scared some of them. 5 Stars - Indy Speedway - They didn't yell at us for bumping cars!
I went to Disney World for the first time last week. I think I would have enjoyed it more at a different time of year. The combination of long lines and unbearable heat was the turn off. If the heat wasn't as bad or the lines as long, Disney World would have been way better. My family and I visited Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios; I like Hollywood Studios more than Magic Kingdom. If you've visited Disneyland before, save your money and pass up Magic Kingdom because Disneyland is the same, if not better than Magic Kingdom. Hollywood Studios was cool because there's this portion of the park that is designed like the 1950's. I went on Tower of Terror and Rock 'n Rollercoaster; I liked both. I also watched Fantasmic, which I think is so much better than the Fantasmic at Disneyland.
Ive reviewed Epcot, Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom, and Magic Kingdom, but not the overall park experience. It was back in October when I was hear last, however the memories I have from this place does not fade. Just a note, but my parents love this place and come down here every few weeks I believe. But no matter where you are on the property, you cant escape the magic. Sure, its alittle pricey, but at the same time, would you be able to have the same experience for less? The food is actually not all that bad. Its not a 5 star cuisine, but its not the worst food ever. What I really enjoyed about the hotel food choices is the scope of the choices. You have the typicals like burgers, pizza, chicken tenders, but they have healthier choices as well. A good assortment of fruit and vegetables, as well as yogurts and such. The next thing, transportation, has been figured out to a tee. The buses keep you moving to all the parks fast safely, but they dont overflow the buses to certain areas. I hate hearing people say they wish there were more buses. Cause that would increase spending and hence increase the price you pay to enjoy your time. And as always the monorails are just fun. But you never have to get into your car, or hell even bring a car. Disney will pick you up from the airport, and provided you are at a Disney resort, drop you off there with your bags in all. Then you get on the buses to go to the parks, and then take them back to the hotel. Works out well. Overall, be prepared to see alot of kids, and strollers, but dont let it get you down, theres a way around it all. On top of that, dont get mad just cause at one point you have to wait behind kids. Instead you should take in the sights of the park and enjoy your time there. I know I will. #Yelp365 12/365
I kept telling our tour guide friends, who were Disney vets, the Disney Gods were with us. Here Dec 12-18th, first time, and impressive. Weather was beautiful, coming from 10 below Minnesota/Wisconsin. The place is spotless. The crowds were low. Our friends were stellar guides. The Christmas show(s) was awesome. The rides, and I hate rides typically, were great. And the bathrooms, they are plentiful, clean, always have the toilet seat cover holders full of the protective papers. We did see a couple of light bulbs out in Epcot, tho, LOL and our friends said that's not typical Disney. We laughed on the plane trip down reading the national enquirer about the behind the scenes shenanigans--with all the young interns, actors, actresses n retirees working there, whaddya expect? Didn't see any of that, tho. LOL. It's expensive, all that said, but worth it.  3+ bucks for a soda, so like our friends said, put on your fanny pack and pack snacks and a bottle of water. Truly the fantastical escape I needed and didn't think about a thing.
Disney World is an amazing place to take your family, if not but just once in your lifetime. So much to do, so much to see and so little time you have in doing it all. I must warn you Disney World can be overwhelming, especially for children and sometimes for anxiety ridden adults. So let me just give you some helpful tips to to avoid headaches, arguments and meltdowns.   1. Purchase everything up front in a package. 2. Stay if possible in either Bayfront, Contemporary, Floridian and the Polynesian Resorts otherwise you will be using a bus which can be time consuming. 3. GET FAST PASS, only use it on three attractions a day so use it wisely, otherwise you might be waiting 30 minutes to ride something. 4. Get PHOTO PASS (or something like that) Disney has professional photographers stationed all around the major scenic spots. You can order one and someone can get wear the ID Badge and when you find a Disney Photographer just let them scan your id and they can take your families picture. All photos will then be posted online to your account for downloading. 5. Make Reservations EARLY for places you want to eat at (before you go on your trip) otherwise you will WAIT WAIT WAIT !!! 6. Download Disney WORLD App. on Phone which tells you wait times and Character locations. 7. For Children (under 7) Rent a stroller .. they will need it. 8. Bring a bookbag for to carry bottle watter or small needed stuff to save money Just trying to help (Went in December with family, 4th time going) .. its a great place to go!
I went a couple of days ago and I have been here 8 times before. This is a place that you need to go at least one time in your life. Come prepared because there will be tons of fees and everything is expensive, but well worth it. If you have kids, the fun part is purchasing an autograph books, so you can get autographs from all of the disney stars. I never completed my book as a child (wiping tear) but you have to purchase the mickey mouse hat iif you want to walk around the theme park looking cool! Plan this trip far ahead and get a hotel with a couple of rooms and a full kitchen. You might want to purchase the 5-day ticket pass in order to finish all of the parks. It is definitely an adventure!
The Second Happiest Place on Earth. If you've ever been to Disneyland, you know that the original is still the best. I spent five days at Disney World last year and was slightly disappointed. I was hoping it would blow my mind. After all, it's supposed to be Disneyland but bigger, right? Not quite. It's like Disneyland exploded to proportions where it can't quite take care of itself. It's very good, but lacks that perfect polish that Disneyland has. Negatives: Pirates of the Carribean, Small World, and Fantasmic! are far superior at Disneyland. The cast members at Disney World all seem like apathetic kids (if I had accepted the WDW Management Internship I would have been amongst them!). Example: "Welcome to the Enchanted Tiki Room," followed by sarcastic, "OoOOOooh!" Going from the Magic Kingdom to the Transit Center takes a mind-numbingly long time. You can walk to your hotel from Disneyland. Downtown Disney is too far away to be considered an after-hours, after-park hangout. The burgers aren't as good either. Postives: The Osborne Family Spectacle of Lights was so amazing. I've never seen so many lights before. I don't think I will ever see a Christmas display that beautiful. They even had fake snow! The World Showcase in Epcot is a day spent in itself. Where else in the world can you go to meet a Moroccan who wants to practice her Mandarin with you? The pastries in "France" will haunt my dreams. The Pirates store is huge and has a lot of cool stuff. Big castle! I guess you could say that Disney World is the buffet of Disney parks. What it lacks in quality, it makes up for in quantitiy. I focused on the negatives because we all know the positives: Disney consistently creates great parks that are way-above-average at worst. Disney World has a ton of magic, but Disneyland exudes it beyond belief.
I am writing this review based on my experience with a three year old and one year old. Don't Go! I have to say, if the kids were older, maybe four, than yes, it's a wonderful, magical place. But I was shocked to see so little to do with a toddler. There was no place for her to walk around, so for an entire week she was strapped in the stroller for most of the time. She was furious by our third day and it was almost impossible to find any spot to take her in the entire place. I would think they'd do some sort of playground or toddler area. So disappointing! For the three year old it was better, but I wouldn't stay a week. Three days are more than enough, it gets very boring there after. A lot of the rides were scary, even Winnie the pooh had a dark bit! The hands down favorite ride was it's a small world- both kids loved it. The food is overpriced (which I figured) but also awful. We tried just about everything and it's just bad. Ice cream was good. The teriyaki chicken is disgusting. The burgers taste like hamster food. Yuck. Overall, wait to go until kids are older, otherwise you may end up like us, wishing you spent your money on a better vacation.
I used to work at Splash Mountain when I was 17. It was my first job. I got fired for being unsafe. But I'm not bitter. I had a good time. The pay was horrible, but I got a great tan and the girls were hot. Anyway, you wouldn't believe how much effort Disney World puts into making everything perfect. Cleanliness and consideration are obsessions. Weirdly, most of the employees have a spooky adoration for the place, and they go to great lengths to make customers happy. I was the odd man out, not wanting to sing Disney songs after work. Christ people, get a grip. This was my favorite place on earth when I was a little kid. Even for adults, the only bad thing is the food. Make sure you explore the underground tunnels the employees use to get around (because they're not allowed to be in costume in the improper area of the park). Think of yourself as an out-of-costume employee.
170 minute wait for a ride?... I kid you not! We had a four day pass and on average went on 3-4 rides a day, and watched a show .   Considering we paid around $400 a day (for the wife and I) just to be there, plus vacation time we could have sold back to the company ($600), that works out to about around $100-250 a ride that lasts under 5 minutes.    Sorry if I sound like I've taken all the fun out of it, but when you're waiting in a line for 2 hours you have a lot of time to think about things.
Really? People actually give the most magical place on earth bad reviews? SERIOUSLY. I have no words. I really don't do PLACES on Yelp but, I need to give credit to where credit is due. In my HUMBLE opinion. This is one of the greatest joys about being a floridian. Truly, the most MAGICAL place on earth and that says a lot coming from a unicorn. Thank you Disney! My dreams REALLY do come true!
this is the greatest place in the world , I cant wait to take my son, I had a very awesome time out there, it was fun and sun all day long and then dancing at downtown Disney until your feet said stop.LOL, i have to say I love 8 track, in this club all they place is old song, but i love it and it's always packed. planted Hollywood restaurant, WOW, the dinner was on the money and the drink all around where all good, I love the drink call Car bomb , you have to try it, you will See what I mean. well to end dream's do come truth.
5 Stars just because there's no other place in the world like this...according to our cab driver in Orlando, Disney World is larger than the entire city of San Francisco! ! I've said this and I stand by it, NOBODY DOES IT BETTER THAN DISNEY! I always leave in awe of how even the minute details have been taken care of to make every visitor's experience magical. I mean, even cashiers in the gift shops are dressed in uniform that matches the ride/attraction the store accompanies. Yes the lines can get long, although, it wasn't too bad when I last went - first week of January 2012 (I'd suggest this time for others to take a Disney World trip..less crowds and the Christmas decorations are still up!). At least Disney World has a FastPass system set up (ahem..unlike Universal Studios) and the lines are organized (unlike the free for all that was The Wizarding World of Harry Potter). And yes, the prices for food, souvenirs, tickets (around $100/day with tax with the park hopper option for 3-4 days) can seem sky high...but what other amusement park DOESN'T try to inflate their mark-up? And personally I could tell that money was going into maintaining the parks - nothing had a run-down appearance ( including attractions that have been around for more than a decade!). Disney World will forever be one of my top destinations! After 3 visits I still can't choose a park I like best! I LOVE IT ALL!! I left broke, but happy...how is that possible??
I spent six hours on a plane, spent $200 on tickets, just for Disneyworld to close Space Mountain at 11:00am due to crowd control (on a Monday).
Disney World is an American treasure. A couple of reminders: 1) take your time and don't try to do too much-hanging out at the pool with cold beers is much better than trying to squeeze in one or two more rides with really tired kids. 2) get over the lines, they were even worse thirty years ago, plan accordingly with FP. 3) enjoy the awesome landscaping, it's world class. 4) If you have very little kids, skip Epcot altogether, they won't get it. My only complaint is the food, it's really pretty awful.
i came here when i was 10 and it was a fantastic experience for me my mum and my dad a once in a life time thrill ride.
Customer service very uneven...had some good experiences and some really bad ones too...especially one young lady in the restaurant reservations line who was flat out rude to me.
Everything is so far apart that you spend half your time just commuting to parks or rides.  The food courts are standard,  awful.  We made the mistake of trying some Chinese food and it was the worse excuse ever created.  Horrible to inedible is the descriptive range.  They destroyed the actual term "Chinese food".  It wasn't even close.  Avoid like the plague.  Only one place that we liked was the Mediterranean restaurant/cafe.  We went back there every day because most other junk food places were just that, JUNK.  Unhealthy and fat laden.  Seriously, hot dogs and dried hamburgers are truly boring after one.   Very few healthy choices anywhere.   You can spend hundreds of dollars on their meal packages for the international restaurants if you choose.  We stayed at the Disney World hotel and they had the same poor food choices as well.  Everything is expensive so be prepared.  That we expected but the quality was far below acceptable.  Disneyland has many options close by or just outside the gates.  We love Disneyland & Adventure park but won't return to Disney World.  Been there twice and that's enough for a lifetime.  It's Disney so that makes it all worth while. In comparison, Disneyland  & California Adventure park is so much better all around and we love it there.  Been there over a dozen times and refuse to miss a single minute.  There from opening to closing, every day.  Friends and family can't last with me.  Truly sad but I just can't give it up.  It's heaven.
I still think Disneyland is better, but I love all the different parks in Disney World. All the different parks mean that the resort is huge, but it's easy to get around thanks to the buses, boats, and monorails. Not unlike other Disney resorts, this place is super clean. The cast members are always very helpful as well. :) Tips: -If the weather gets iffy, most people go inside and wait for it to pass. This means lines are way shorter! Put on your poncho and take advantage of the short lines. -Stay at a Disney hotel. If you buy something, they can send it to your hotel to be picked up. This way you don't have to carry stuff around all day. -Expect crowds and high prices. I know, I know. I don't like these either. -The parks are huge, so it's a good idea to make sure everyone in your group has a cell phone in case anyone gets lost. -Start your day early! -If you go to Epcot, go to Club Cool and try Beverly. Make sure someone records your reaction!
We just returned to a trip to Disney World and had a terrific time.  We went the week prior to Xmas and the lines were a lot shorter than we prepared ourselves for.  We used fast pass heavily and during the hours of 9-11am most rides were 5-20 minutes  wait (even the most popular ride) so we got on everything.  I would give the rides, the shows, the character greetings, the amazing Safari experience at Animal Kingdom a '5' rating.  The reason I am giving Disney world overall a 2 is due to the service experiences I had in booking our vacation, making, confirming or canceling reservations over the phone or online were barely a level 1 rating which wasted a lot of time for us when we were in the resort and before we got there.  The online site is down more than 50% of the time so when we booked our reservation is was next to impossible to validate all was correct.  We also made reservations at restaurants but in order to change reservations they make you call but t is next to impossible to actually get through to an agent and if you do the system is typically down and they ask you to call back.  I can't understand why Disney would not invest in a stable and easy reservation unit.  We also signed up for one of the meal plans (counter service) which was a complete waste of money, we were supposed to save 20% but I am guessing it cost us 20-30% more than if we just spent out of pocket, make sure you ask about the details before purchasing a meal plan.  I didn't realize we were paying for dessert for lunch and dinner every day. At first my kids were pretty excited but the desserts are not very good and the variety was nil.  Also our hotel did not give us good information about how and where we could use our plan, so we did not fully utilize our snack plan the first few days.  If you do go with a plan watch your receipts, there were a number of times we got charged for snacks instead of it counting against our plan.   One other thing we noticed a lot is service throughout Disney World is not as nice or helpful as Disney Land.  We have been to Disney Land about 10 times and are always very impressed with how nice and friendly everyone is - at the Disney Hotels, restaurants and parks, in Disney World half the employees were really nice and the other 50% were either rude or indifferent.  One night we were at a Disney fast food restaurant and the system crashed as we were ordering and the person who was taking our order starting saying a lot of not so nice comments about how frustrated she was by the system always going down and it was obviously a big inconvenience to her and she never once offered us an apology even though we had to wait about 10 minutes until everything rebooted, we had similar service experiences throughout. We did have a terrific time on our vacation but because of the service experiences I am not sure we would go back again, for the money you spend the entire experience should be top notch.
So you spend your life's savings to come into a totally crowded park and wait about an hour to go on rides that last a minute or two. Then you go get some over priced food that doesn't even taste that good and eat it while standing up because there are no tables available. And you do this, why? Cuz it's Disney, that's why...and in some sick, twisted way, it's fun...and your kids are happy! See you at the park, sucker ; )
My favorite pace in the world!
I don't remember my first visit here because I was too young, but my husband and I just celebrated our 1st anniversary here and had the best time ever!!!  I think my expectations were somewhat low because although I had heard it's fun for couples, I figured most everything would be targeted at kids and the rides would be kind of lame.   Well I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly everyone was (I will continue to rave about all the attention we got for our anniversary buttons :) and Splash Mountain and Space Mountain were hella fun!!!  Lines were not bad and we eventually got the hang of the fastpass thing (beware--you can't just go around to all the rides collecting fastpasses so plan strategically!).  iPhone apps for ride wait times are helpful for that too.  Luckily only a small portion of the country is on spring break at this point so the longest we waited was about 30 mintues. Food was decent, sad they're getting rid of Toontown because that's the only part I remembered (I can see why they're getting rid of it though).  Sad I didn't get to meet any princesses but still had the time of our lives.  And the fireworks show is RIDICULOUSLY awesome!!!  Get good seats!!!
love the place and I'm going back again!
I visited Disney World in June 2012.  I had been warned that after schools let out, Disney can be pretty busy but I was not prepared for what we encountered. Lines.  Long lines.  Ridiculously long lines for everything.  The Fast Pass option is good in theory but wasn't practical when we were picking up a FP at 10:00am that wanted us to return at 5PM.   All my son wanted to do was to meet Mickey Mouse and that required a 90 minute wait at a "Character Meet Spot."  They can't have more characters available throughout the parks?  Do you know how trying it is to wait in a 90 minute line with a 4 year old?   Don't get me started on the rides.  I'd never been to Disney before but I imagine it looks just the same as it did 20 years ago.  Hell, make it 30 years.  Most of the rides were really corny and dated---local carnivals have better ride options these days and you're not waiting in line for 200 minutes.   Maybe they keep things "original" for nostalgia's sake but I think Disney is just too greedy to invest money in upgrading the parks to modern standards.  And it's really annoying being dumped into a "gift" shop after every decent ride. Ticket prices are insane and for what you're paying, parking should be included with the price of admission.  Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this over-priced, over-hyped tourist trap.
I went to Disney World with my good friend as an adult. Let me tell you when they say it's "magical" they mean it.   First of all, I got a great deal from a travel agent that gave me a cheap rate for a room, park hopper passes, and a meal plan. The meal plans are great! We got the cheaper dining one-Quick-Que service dining. It does not let you eat everywhere but most places you can eat. It includes two meals and two snacks a day. The snacks can be used on most things and if you are staying at their resorts their are breakfast items that you can get there for a snack. You also got a refillable mug to use at your resort. When we got there the room was already ready so we quickly went to the park. The rooms were nice, and when we left the last day, our boarding passes got delivered to our room! I do not know how that happened because my mom checked us in for our flights from her home in Texas! The parks are all good. Epcot is my least favorite-it's not that interesting and doesn't have many rides. The different countries are neat and the food there is pretty good. Magic Kingdom is awesome! It's just like Disney Land and the rides are fun (even as an adult I was 24 when I went). From the Haunted Mansion to Space Mountain fun fun fun! Hollywood Studios is cool, they have a lot of good shows and the Tower of Terror and Aerosmith ride are great! The Toy Story ride sadly we never got to go on because it broke down during the wait and the line was really long to begin in. Animal Kingdom is great! I see that others do not like it but I LOVE it. The animals are awesome and the rides are good too, especially Dinosaur, very scary! We went 4 days and went from about 8am-1o or 11pm with only food breaks. You need at least 5-6 days I would say to really see everything at a normal pace. If we would have gone just one more day we would have seen it all. The only thing that wasn't great was that they advertise times to go for just the resorts and its closed to the rest of the park and these times were more crowded than the regular hours. I guess everyone tries to go then. We went late September and the lines were AWESOME. Hardly had to wait for more than 20 minutes for ANYTHING. I LOVE Disney World, if you like theme parks and can afford it I definitely recommend it!
For years I resisted going to Disney World. Despite living in America for many years, I retain some English cynicism. (And by "some" I mean "a really huge amount".) Consequently, the sugar-coated superficiality of Disney World struck me as a nightmare come real. Perhaps age has softened me, or I ran out of bile, but we finally resolved to visit during the parks' off-season, just after New Year. And I'm very glad we did. Despite the unusually bitter cold weather, we had a fantastic time throughout Disney World. Yes, it's all made up. Yes, I don't believe the staff are that delighted to deal with the hordes of people we jostled alongside. Yes, many of the parks are hackneyed, old-looking, and expensive. But the kicker is something my English cynic compels me to try and deny: the place is focused on fun, and that's a very awesome thing! That said, I think we "did" Disney World in a way that made it far more palatable than might otherwise have been the case. We did not (and do not) buy into the Disney "if you wish a wish, your wishes will make all the bad people in the world good, and all the good people in the world immortal, and everything will be always happy and lovely and smiling and goodness me I'm so bored my legs are about to tear themselves off my torso and go find a different human to transport about the place." So anything with The Most Unamusing Mouse In The World on it was avoided. Donald Duck? He can bugger off, too. And don't get me started on Goofy and those even more third-rate "characters". Instead, we plotted our way around the four parks, identifying which attractions our crew would most enjoy (e.g. Star Tours, Lightning McQueen, roller coasters, etc.) and following the TouringPlans.com tour guides to extract as much as possible from our five day passes. It all worked out beautifully! The parks are all easy to navigate, and very well organized. And clean? You betcha they're clean. Freakily so, but still better than the potential alternatives! I'd return. (There's something I never expected to say about Disney World.) We may even try Disney Land one day. (Good God, I'm shocking myself!) Or even EuroDisney. (Yikes! Now I'm contemplating having fun in a theme park *in France*! Someone get me some medical attention!)
It's the Magic Kingdom, come on' ...it really doesn't get better then this! Five Stars for Hospitality and DETAIL.The park is clean, the vendors are anything but pushy and the prices and lines are reasonable. Don't expect Thrilling big Coasters or many adult like rides. Do yourself a favor and become a kid, or take your kids..or better yet..BOTH...and get lost in the magic that is this Disney staple. The park is split up in to five sections and then the center (the castle). They all have seperate themes and are very accesible to go back and fourth (depending on your stroller, wheelchair, cranky kid situation).  You will visit all of them and all of them are worth the time. Do the fastpass for the bigger rides and roam the different theme parks in the meantime!  Take the Boat one time to enter the park and then the Monorail to return to your car, bus, hotel. and also take advantage of the parades and shows at the castle that are free with admission and are scheduled in the program. Read up, and check out what things you may want to do ahead of time, so you can grab the fast pass and do other things in the meantime.  Some nights have fireworks, and some days have special events based on seasons/promotions.  Enjoy your Time at Disney...it is one of the best days you will have.  ( I Promise).
I live for Disney, and as a pass holder, I would like to think I know a thing or two about experiencing the Magic. All the parks literally bring a tear to my eye every know and then. Wondering around with my boyfriend at one fo the parks about every two weeks or so has laid an awesome foundation in our relationship, and has created some of the best memories I believe I will have. This is coming from a 21 year old, past the days of being a child. Tips -just try to not eat at the park, and if you must, keep it cheap because the pricey food isn't going to delight you. -Come early or come late. Lately MK has been staying open till midnight and even later (spring break crowds). If you have kids, yes this will be difficult, and may lead to a headache, but it is so refreshing to walk around the park without getting shoulder bumped every ten feet. -The fireworks are some of the best shows you will see, but if experiencing those rides is important to you, try to skip the show. The lines for the larger, popular rides have been walk on in most cases. I even caught the show while riding Big thunder mountain,  which literally ignites right above this point, and was like a mind orgasm. COULD NOT HAVE TIMED IT BETTER! Toon town and liberty square tend to stay pretty light after the show till close as well, as tomorrowland gets the crowd. -Don't skip some of the smaller things, they are the best! The hall of presidents, which many find "boring" is beyond wht I can wrap my mind around speaking to its technology. You will think Lincoln is an actor. The show about Walt Disney himself at hollywood studios made me tear up. The smaller, country themed rides in Epcots world showcase, while not as thrilling as some, are really fun! --If you are a stressed parent, get a drink. Relax, this is your vacation too.
Although I've only been to Walt Disney World 3 times in the last 20 years, I feel like I practically live down there (despite my location being anywheres but there).  I love Walt Disney World.  Between all the fun memories I had being a little kid again in the Magic Kingdom, to the learning adventures I had in Epcot, to experiencing movie-making in MGM/Hollywood Studios to a zoo-like adventure in the Animal Kingdom; it seems like it's all second-nature to me.  I wish we could have the option to give things more than just 5 stars. An infinite amount of stars would be more appropriate for this item.  The only drawback, the price is pretty steep (and getting steeper after (what seems to be to me) each and every year).  Things change as times change and the employees keep the park relatively clean so others don't have many distractions that can deter other users from their park experiences (and thereby making others' dreams just as pleasurable).
I recently went to Orlando and got the 2 day park hopper with my 11 year old son and fiance. The three of us have gone to Disneyland numerous times. Disney World was much bigger and better. The people were nice, the attractions were entertaining and Epcot was our favorite park! Epcot was amaaaazing, we all loved it. The food, the countries, and the atmosphere were all perfect. Epcot would get a five if I were rating it.  Animal Kingdom and Hollywood could have been skipped, we enjoyed it but in hindsight I would have saved the time & money and spent it on Universal instead of going to the Animal Kingdom and Hollywood.. My one complaint (hence 3 stars) about Disney World is about the POORLY designed ferry boat situation!!! We all know Florida is mosquito world, so why in the WORLD would you send hundreds of tourists on a mosquito INFESTED ferry? Think I'm complaining? OK, imagine the park closing and people rushing to leave. There are 2 monorails and one ferry. We didn't know any better so we hopped on the ferry, along with hundreds of others. There were Mosquito's EVERYWHERE. I'm talking everyone was smacking themselves constantly, they were lined up all over the entire boat where you couldn't even see the boat part. I left the boat with 27 mosquito's, while my son left with about 15. Horrible. I couldn't believe that they didn't pay attention to this and figure it out! Put bug lamps up or something, this was horrible!!! Nice to know I possibly shared blood with hundreds of other tourists.
What's better than going to WDW as kid?  Going as an adult.  Setting your own rules; creating your own schedule.  My wife and I are fanatics, probably in need of intervention.  We visit WDW twice a year and have just made a reservation for our first Disney cruise.  Cannot wait!  WDW without a doubt has something for everyone and packages that can be tailored to most people's budgets.  From the value hotels to deluxe villas resorts.  I strongly recommend taking advantage of the Disney Dining plans, think college meal plan.
There is so much to do and see in Disney and it's all absolutely wonderful.  But what a family with toddlers will enjoy and what my family with a third grade girl and a fifth grade boy will enjoy are entirely definite.  I mention this to put my review into context.  Now, I've already gone over the details in my notes on each of the four parks individually as well as the Caribbean Beach Resort where we stayed, so for those details see those reviews.  This will be more logistical in nature and designed for the first time visitor which I was this past week. Let me start by saying, I will always visit in mid-January and take the kids out of school to do it.  The weather was 75 degrees and sunny and the lines were minimal.  It was a perfect time to visit.  This is a special family time and you don't want to waste it in line or with heat stroke.  Hours are abbreviated and not everything is open.  Check the Times Guide so you don't miss what is important to you. Disney's Magical Express:  Disney is crazy expensive so one way we decided to save money was to not rent a car and it worked out alright but it is a little confusing for the newbies.  Call Disney after you buy your air, give them the flight number and times and they will send you luggage tags and yellow stickers to put on your bags.  No need to pick up your bags at the airport, just board the big blue buses located on the lower level of the main terminal and they will deliver your bags to your room, though it will take up to four hours so if you need something, pack it in your carry on.  At check out you need to bring your bags to the bell stand at your hotel by 1pm.  They will have your boarding passes printed for you - actually, ours were on our door knob when we woke up on check-out day.  Now this was a little confusing to me and I'm a bit of a control freak so I decided I wanted to keep my bags with me and give them to American Airlines myself.  Well, this really messed everything up since Disney had already checked it through to Chicago and the Sky Cap could not override the system so we had to stand in a long line.  Not fun.  Just trust they will get it to your destination and it will be a lot easier. As for the shuttle between the Parks and the Resorts:  they run from each park and each Disney hotel/resort about every twenty minutes though they sometimes get bunched up.  They are easy to figure out but if you stay till after the fireworks you may be standing in a crowded bus with tired kids in your arms.  Most pple will give up their seats for moms with babies but that's about it.  Dad's, you are standing for sure.  At least that was the case with the Caribbean Beach Resort which is sprawling 2100 rooms so maybe it's not the case for all the smaller hotels/resorts. If you take the shuttle, do not make restaurant reservations at another hotel.  The shuttle does not run between hotels so you will need to take a bus to the nearest Park and then get on another bus to the resort and then the reverse on the way home.  Not fun. If you plan to go to Universal, a taxi will cost you $70 round trip but will be clean and friendly and if you are a fan of Harry Potter, I recommend it. Do make restaurant reservations at the sit down table service venues as soon as possible - at least four weeks out.  Our faves were Sci Fi Diner and Mama Melrose's both in Hollywood Studios.  The latter has a package for a three course meal and preferred seating for the not to be missed Fantasmic! water and light show.  It was by far our favorite night show. We brought a half a suitcase full of granola bars, fruit snacks, cheezits, bagels and what not.  They check your bag before entry into the Parks but they let you bring all this in.  It saved us from having to buy breakfast and gave us little snacks to stave off hunger.  Often we only ate one meal per day.  The adult portions are quite substantial and sometimes my hubbie and I split one or I would order off the kids menu.  They really don't seem to care if you are nine or under which is the official rule.  We did not buy the Meal Plan and spent about $1,000 on food and drink for the week.  We likely would have spent a few hundred dollars less if we didn't like the cocktails so much.  $10 for a margarita the resort cabana and $7.50 for beers everywhere adds up fast in seven days.  I'm not sure if we spent more or not without the meal plan, I haven't really done the math.  But we wanted to order what we wanted when we wanted it and didn't want to have to pick and choose from limited choices.  Alot of the food isn't any good and often my kids refused to eat off the kids menu (there's only so much mac n cheese and chicken nuggets they can eat and I refused to spend $5 for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich).  Most fast food meals ran us $50 and the sit down were always over $100 with the exception of Sci Fi which was $75.  Columbia House in Magic Kingdom and Flame Tree Barbecue were our faves for fast foodie type restaurants.
I LOVE DISNEY!  When I got the news that for my graduation present we would be going to Disney World I almost died!  I'm from Hawaii so flying over the Pacific and all across the country is quite a journey and Disney WORLD vs. LAND was a HUGE deal!  My boyfriend's family and I visited during Christmas aka prime time so the crowds were CRAZY!  They even shut down the entrances a few times while we were there.  Certain parks were greater than others during this time due to the overcrowding but I know if I had come during an off season time I would have had a MUCH better experience and my rating for this place would have exceeded 5 stars!  However since I didn't... overall the experience was a solid 4/5. I feel Disneyland definitely chooses quality over quantity in the little things (gingerbread, hot coco, customer service, etc....) but there's just some things that are truly one of a kind in this world at Disney World!  Everyone needs to go AT LEAST ONCE in their lifetime. I definitely plan on going back but next time when it's NOT so crowded.
THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH (if the following conditions are met): - Don't try and do it all in one single day. Part of the fun of this place is getting lost and stumbling upon a pavilion or character you weren't expecting to see. For me, that was Aerosmith's Rocking Roller Coaster- the best ride ever I say! - Don't let your Disney World vacation make or break your family. What I mean is don't put pressure on your family to have the perfect vacation and set unattainable goals for your time in the park. Just let it happen and don't scold the kids for being kids. - And finally, don't listen to all the folks who've already been there, or do listen, but take with a grain of salt. Your trip will be equally amazing if you just do it your own way. Disney World is great for kids of all ages. I've gone with my wifey (no kids) twice now and had the most fun ever! And don't worry boozers- Epcot Center has plenty of 'beers of the world' and cocktail stations you take with you as you wander about. Downtown Disney has decent restaurants as well and no admission fee, plus free parking. Come down and check it out. Set a budget and have a great time!
We are here November 4-11 which is a very good time.  The lines are short and the weather is good other than a few sprinkles - despite the mid-70's temperature.  The safari was our favorite in the Animal Kingdom.  The morning is the very best time because the animals are active and are fed early.  Late afternoon they are tired and hot and hard to spot.  In Hollywood we had a great time on the Tower of Terror and American Idol.  Local souvenir shops sell Disney Merchandise so much cheaper than at the park! Refillable popcorn and pop cups are a great bet if you will be here all week.
Disney does an excellent job of taking care of their guests. I used the Disney Dining plan again and all reservations were in place with no problems. This is an advantage in seeing the park as their are no hunts for restaurants or delays in waiting for tables. The rides themselves are fun but seem a bit dated. I think they need to add some newer rides, quicker to appeal to young children. This trip involved during The Magic Kingdom, Epcot and Disney Studios. Lines were very short and the ability to get fast passes to schedule times is a good idea though many rides were out of them early. It seems they could do a better job of spavcing them out throughout the day. Food was good. Staff was friendly and efficient.
Fast pass wrist band sucks. Disney does it again leave it to them to screw those not staying at a "Disney" resort.   Even though we're staying at shades of green on Disney the new fast past bands being tested screw everyone who have paid to enter the park just the same.  With the fast pass wrist  bands those staying  at the resorts are the only ones allowed to have fast past capability to any if the shows.  This is our second visit and the fast pass the first time was the only way to go now they can test it  and keep it as this will be our last visit. The whole entire trip (10 days) was spent waiting for shows.  And even when you managed to get a fast pass for a ride attraction the lines were ridiculous. There was one fast pass line in which the fast pass was to expire while sanding in line even though we arrived forty minutes ahead of the fast pass ending time.  I wasn't budging. I'm sorry tow say our biannual outing to Disney is going to end.  Universal here we come.  Disney take your fast pass else where.
Disney World is by far one of the most amazing places I have ever been in my life!  It is most definitely not even close to a cheap vacation, but worth it at least once, especially if you have kids, though kids are definitely not required. The purpose of this place is for the whole family to have fun together.  Almost all of the rides are tame enough for small kids to go on (we took my very tall 3 year old on all but six rides in the four parks).  My one year old rode several rides herself and really enjoyed them!  The adults took turns watching the little ones and riding the scarier rides, again only six total in all four parks.  Also, almost every restaurant is kid-friendly.  They have kids menus and many even have kid-centered entertainment.  For example, the belly dancer at Marrakesh in the Morocco pavilion in Epcot teaches the kids how to belly dance, giving the adults at least ten minutes of peace at their tables! The whole area is very clean and almost every single cast member I came across was in a good mood and happy to help me with anything I needed (can't blame Disney for the occasional bad apple among their staff). We stayed on property and I definitely recommend it.  There is no break in the magic trying to find your car at the end of the day and any money saved with an off-property hotel is quickly absorbed with the rental car and parking costs, not to mention the time lost traveling to and from your hotel.  Bear in mind, the more you pay, the closer you are to the parks and the more time you can spend having fun. Some hints to survive Disney World: 1 - There is just too much to do, so plan ahead, pick your favorites and make advanced reservations (up to 6 months in advance) even if you are going off-season, to insure you get into the experiences and restaurants you want.  (It has been said many times that you could stay for a year and do something different every day...I believe it!) 2 - Disney World requires a lot of walking, even if you take advantage of their transportation.  Be prepared to walk 6-8 miles a day...comfortable shoes, strollers for the kids, water, etc.  I loved all the exercise, but many do not come prepared! 3 - Have a plan, but be flexible.  Part of the magic is coming across something unexpected, such as a street performer, concert or hidden shop.  Be able to follow the magic where it leads. 4 - Be patient.  Off season (which is when we went) is a far better time to go (better weather, fewer people and fewer lines).  Even off season you still have to wait for rides, for tables you have reservations for (rarely more than 5-10 minutes), for walking routes to open after parades, etc.  Remember, you are there to spend time with your family, so make every moment count...even the frustrating ones.
Fantastic place, Mickey and Minnie were awesome and their friends make it a real magical place to visit.
Disney world is a great place to go and have fun and been a resident of Florida i use to have annual passes so i could get in for free for a year. this is a great place to bring family member's or friends from out of town.
omg who ever puts 3 or less stars on this is so retarded and blind eye disney is a great place for all ages and all family this is the place where i grown up to be with watching disney movies and going to see my favorite childhood disney characters. this is a place where dreams come true and its so true everything about disney i love. and everytime i go my childhood memories come to me and im reborn again
alot to offer, way to many things to see and do in a day must get a two day pass so you can see and do everything best to get a fast pass when we went they didnt charge for these passes they may do so now, definitely get this it will cut your wait time on the rides more then half again alot to see and do, if you have kid bring a leash they will run on you I witnessed it first had on watching some parents releasing the hand of there kids and one runs one way the other runs the other way so horrible hahahaha definitely good for all ages just do not go during the middle of summer unless u want to die of the heat haha very pricey tickets wise, foods wise, anything in the park is expensive haha like most of the folks sed universal studios go alot more to offer in regards to rides and shows haha
This last trip was our last trip for quite some time.  Poorly trained staff and uncaring senior managers just added to our frustration.  At check in we were placed in a substandard room and they were originally unwilling to move us since the Riverside was almost full.  One reservation was changed without our knowledge and we had to wait for an open table.  The dining plan is still expensive and park menu items are changing for the worse. Several great entrées have been deleted and replaced with cheap fillers like burgers, skirt steaks or just deleted all together.  The Magic Kingdom even closed early one night to accommodate a private group forcing us out 3 hours early.  NOT COMPENSATED!!!  Transportation was always top notch but this time they missed.  Several hotels have been combined but we didn;t have enough buses to accommodate all of us.  Nothing like coming out of one of the parks bone tired and finding 300 other guests with the same idea but only one bus and none scheduled yet.  The scooters are also becoming a problem on the buses because they take up some much room and take the driver several minutes to secure.  We will never spend K on a trip to be treated this way again.
Ok, we all know what this is. The happiest place on earth, where a million dreams come true every year right? LOVE IT! I came here during the summer of '08 with my cousin, her boyfriend, two friends, and my brother.  We visited all 4 kingdoms, and went back to all of them except Epcot on the very last day.  Whoooo! Let's start things off with ANIMAL KINGDOM.  This kingdom is divided into a couple different parts: Oasis, Discovery Island, Camp Minnie-Mickey, Africa, Raficky's Planet Watch, Asia, and Dino Land U.S.A.  Each section contains rides, entertainment, shows, and characters to take pictures with.  Located in Asa is Expedition Everest, my personal favorite ride of Animal Kingdom!  In this mountain ride, you go up and up, until there are no more tracks, then come racing back down like there's no tomorrow.  Then, you stop and come face to face with a YETI!  Before you know it, you are back to where you started.  While you wait in line, you'll be able to view Asian artifacts, art, and all types of neat objects.  So it's not that bad when the line is freakin' huge.  OTHERWISE, use a fast pass. (=  One ride that I love in Dino Land U.S.A. is Primeval Whirl.  You sit in a circular cart, and ride up and down a mini roller coaster, that is actually designed like a time machine!  Cool! The last ride I absolutely adore is Dinosaur- The Ride.  It's more of a show, than a ride.  Although, it's scary, intense, and HOLY MOLY!  You ride in jungle cars through a mysterious and dark place, coming in contact with dinosaurs that roar right in your face! MAGIC KINGDOM.  Where Cinderella's castle is located.  I absolutely love the three mountain rides.  Space, Big Thunder, and Splash!  Space Mountain is just so cool!  It's all dark, with colorful lights and it's in the solar system, how awesome is that?  The ride is fast, makes your heart race, and super!  Big Thunder Mountain is outdoors, and the cart is like a train on a train track.  It's kinda rocky, but fun!  Doesn't go the fastest, but it will give you an adrenaline rush.  Splash Mountain will get you WET!  The last way down is the most fun, and the best part!  This is where I love to get pictures with my beloved Disney characters.  Be sure to watch the fireworks, it's beautiful and the music rules! Onto HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS.  First and foremost, don't forget to watch FANTASMIC!  The coolest show you will ever see, seriously!  As for rides, definitely Rock 'n' Roller Coaster starring Aero Smith.  It's great music and a heck of a ride in one.  There are loops at the indoor roller coaster, PLUS!  Hollywood Tower of Terror is a definite must.  You'll regret it if you miss it.  You plunge up and down in a sit down elevator.  The decorations are indescribable.   Lastly, Epcot.  Hmmm..not my thing.  But I see why people would like it.  It's a cultural thing, and there are some good points to it.  Soarin' is a great ride, and the restaurants are tasty!  Shows are unique too! If you haven't come here, you're missing out!!
The kids loved it, but corporate greed is the name of the game. Choose your packages wisely because apparently paying for the most expensive options does not get you free roam. Another $125 on top of a $2500 plus total, room and admission for 1 adult and 2 children, is next to nothing but it sure is annoying.
I'm sorry for my comments and rolling of the eyes towards the greatest place on earth. Would you ever be able to forgive me? I love you!!!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!!  Getting to and from the park each took an hour.  They are so in efficient.  This place is run like an assembly line with no focus on customer service.  We waited in line for two hours to ride Splash Mountain but never got to ride since they only let FastPass people through and no regular line people.  You pay a $100 only to be in the standby line.  If I knew that I would never would have gone.  I will never comeback.  Disney has lost focus on customer service trying to milk hard working families extra money with their Fastpass.  If they would let a few people go through and let the regular line go also, this wouldn't be a problem.  The strongest voice we have i
Where is Mickey? Where is that famous Disney Magic??? It's what you would expect at Disney... Huge, plenty of attractions/rides for the whole family and some of the friendliest employees on the planet! But, dare I say but? But when our family was there in May 2013 we didn't see any of the famous Disney characters, this was really disappointing. Oh sure they were in the parade but how come none were walking around? I mean, this was a once in a lifetime trip for us and my youngest was really, really, really disappointed and I must admit so was I. After all they are featured prominently in all the commercials promoting Disney World, isn't it intentionally misleading if they are not walking around the park like in their advertising? I not only am disappointed, I also feel cheated! As for the food, much of it is very expensive, which I'm sure is no surprise. The one thing that really stood out was the lack of good fast food choices, I don't mean good as in good for you but rather good as in taste. Disney would benefit a lot just by adding a Mickey McDonalds or Mickey Wendy's, perhaps a cantina style taqueria and a Vienna beef hotdog stand would be great too (pure beef dogs, poppy seed buns and fresh cut fries... yum). The hot dog place they had served a kinda okay dog on a oversized piece of white bread... Yuck! The only decent fast food place was a takeout pizza place on Disney Boardwalk, that's it, nothing else was good! Oh sure, the moderate to upscale sit down restaurants were good but were also really expensive. As for the wait times for rides, everyone probably already knows it's always long waits and there is a clear advantage for people staying at a Disney hotel. I would recommend staying at one of the Disney hotels for this reason and the fact you are minutes away from everything Disney! The one thing that did surprise me was that they haven't figured a way to keep you busy/entertained while your in line? Why don't they have interactive things throughout the lines to keep you busy or Disney videos playing or characters walking by the lines waiving... I mean they could do something, to keep things interesting, can't they? People might not mind the long lines as much and if they played Disney videos that might actually sell more of them too. To the Disney CEO, if you need some ideas call me, I'll be happy to help and to everyone else plan ahead as much as possible it will make your trip that much more enjoyable! Sincerely, Disappointed Sam
Crowded and busy busy busy , just as I expected. The late hours for the hotel guests were much appreciated and really thinned out the crowd - thankfully. My wife had never been and we got 40% off coupons so... we finally visited. She really liked the rides. I enjoyed Epcot. Our resort choice was a moderate one called Coronado. Overall a fair value with some goofs by Disney as well as misleading switcheroos regarding the "free" shipping from the resort stores. I will review the steak restaurant and the room separately. Room service was very efficient and the room was kept clean. Our towel requests were handled well and room service was accurate, fast, food hot and plenty of condiments. Cant say we will go again until we have grandkids. My wife and I seem to prefer European museums or the beach in the Mexican gulf area.
Really enjoyed myself here. The lines weren't as long...everyone there was polite and not in a rush. The fireworks seem to last longer then that of Disneyland. The parks are divided up a lot more then Disneyland...so be prepared. Also, it's so hot in Florida I wouldn't recommend going in the summer. This place isn't only good for families but for anyone.  Check out the nightlife...a lot of fun!!!
Excellent
I packed 4 parks in 2 days. Haha! What was I thinking right? Definitely not enough for a Disney fanatic like myself! Running around like a maniac trying to experience it all with very limited time was at least an adventure in itself :) You need at least a day per park. Must come back again :)
I've got to admit my family enjoyed Universal Studios more than Disney but it was still somewhere I would urge everyone to go at least once in their lifetime! It is vast and you do need to do a lot of walking and queueing, although the fastpass does help a bit with this. The scenery is amazing and the whole place is spotlessly clean.The staff that we spoke to were great,the weather was fantastic in October but the food wasn't up to much! They do have some great rides with Pirates of the Caribbean, Splash Mountain and Testtrack being some of our favourites. The Disney waterparks were really good too with the the the wave at Typhoon Lagoon being a big favourite with my 10 year old son.All in all I think there is something for everyone at Disney but I do think it's more magical for the younger members of the family, my 7 year old daughter preferred the thrills of Universal and Wet n Wild to that of Disney aswell bur there's no denying it is done brilliantly and for the slightly less adventurous it's fab! The processions and firework displays are also amazing!!
6 amazing parks... all wonderful! If you've never been to Disney World before, you really must go!  It's guaranteed to make you feel like a kid again (minus the annoying parents!) FYI: the absolute BEST time to go is during the weekdays in October!  I just came back, and we went on ALL the major rides (ie: space mountain and splash mountain in magic kingdom, expedition everest in animal kingdom, test track and MISSION space in epcot, rock n roller coaster and tower of terror, etc,) at least 4 times.. all walk ons!  AWESOME :)
Walt Disney was truly an amazing man with an amazing dream that changed the world and shows adults what it is like to be a child again and it shows you that dreams really can come true! IT is a magical place, and we went to Disney Land Paris in 1998 and we haven't got the song of A Small World out of our heads since, and now we have gone to Disney Land Orlando and it is still in our heads since! An amazing experience!
Went here August of '08, well of course it's a lot better than Disneyland.  Went here for a package, so we stayed in one of those Disney Resorts.  They picked us up from the airport and bus dropped us off and checked in and all that good stuff.  The resorts are really nice.   You may need 2 weeks to completely see and enjoy the whole park, i mean even all the 4 separated ones (Epcot, Magic Kingdom, etc.).  If you want to try international food, just take a Disney bus to go to Epcot.  There are also 360 projection there for some countries.  There are nightly parades at Magic Kingdom.  Hollywood Studios is fun too but not as much too see.  Animal Kingdom, well in the morning before they open, there's a whole lot of people, it's basically a zoo. If you're planning to go there, save up first, you're going to need money there.  You are going to spend money on food from Disney Resorts, of course the whole travel and brings lots of snacks for your hotel room. Comfy shoes are recommended because your feet are going to hurt after walking for a long time. Sunscreen.
after visiting the site, i am wishing to become a child again. :P nice, awesome, mind blowing( 10 out of 10 )
Where the Magic is! I have always loved Walt Disney World! Its a million times better than Disneyland in California and is 40 square miles!  I think Epcot remains my favorite out of the 4 Parks. There is so much to do for everyone of all ages. The Disney Transit will get you to wherever you need to go on property. The Monorail serves the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Transportation and Ticket Center (Main Parking Area, Resort Hub) and 3 out of their 21 Hotels (Contemporary/Grand Floridan/Polynesian). The Disney buses will take you to the other places like MGM studios, Animal Kingdom, Downtown Disney, and the other Hotels. If your staying on property at a Disney Owned Hotel, they even run a bus from MCO to the Resort. This place is amazing. I miss working there all those years ago, one of the best jobs ever!
Absolutely the best vacation we've ever taken, by a long shot.  Disney World is actually 4 parks, not including the water parks, and tickets are available for the parks separately.  the tickets are very expensive, depending on the number of days you purchase, the more days you buy, the cheaper they are.  the tickets expire about a year after you buy them, so if you buy 10 days to get a cheaper rate, and only use 5, you still have a year to use the remaining days. Best advice for the parks - invest in very comfortable walking shoes, bring your own bottled water or immediately buy a refillable souvenir cup, and bring hand wipes.  the parks themselves are immaculate, but handrails, ride handles, etc. are as filthy as you would expect.  Buy the book "disneyworld with kids 2011", it is an EXCELLENT reference for every single ride and attraction, and extremely helpful - we saw tons of people carrying it at the park.  DW offers free transportation between the parks, and most area hotels offer free shuttles to and from the parks daily.  and bring LOTS of money.  A water is 2.50, the turkey legs are 8.00, a hot dog is 5.00, etc.  Souvenirs are also extremely expensive.  I just can't say enough about the high quality of this park - between tickets, souvenirs, and food at the park we dropped about $3000 for our family of 3, but it was the best money we've ever spent.
Disney is a good theme park plus they are building a new area finishing in 2016
where to begin ill try to be brief first off if you have never been to disney then you must plan everyday in advance and also make sure you have on the best footwear possible as you will be walking for miles.two weeks is not long enough to visit this vast place.there is plenty of shuttle buses that transport you from park to park.the shows are a must so plan them all in,the rides are great,the wet ones are the best.food in the parks is more expensive and not that nice also make sure that you have plenty of water as it is very hot.the queues can be masive for the rides so try and get fastpasses or go as a lone rider it is alot quicker.this is a really tiring place to visit as you only manage to get 4hours slrrp a night before its time to start again but it is all worth it in the end
My family and I visited the Disney World park, Magic Kingdom, October 2012.  This was both my and my 3 year old son's very first visit, talk about exciting! We loved Disney and ultimately had a fantastic time. We took full advantage of fastpass, rode lots of rides, ate some pretty good food, and built a lot of really great family memories.   That all being said, there were a few things I wasn't thrilled about. Because it was October, Disney charged guests a rather large additional fee to stay in the park past 7pm for a halloween related thing (you know, because Disney wasn't expensive enough already). Of course that option was sold out when we got there that morning, so we were forced to vacate the park early. This caused us to miss out on the evening fireworks show which my son and I had looked forward to for months!  You'd think since we had to leave the park early, miss the fire work show, and deal with  a lot of the park being closed down due to construction, the tickets would be offered at a slightly cheaper price, but of course they weren't. Bummer. What can I say, this place prints money..... Long story short, at the end of the day my family, myself and even my master card company left  this place pretty happy. Mission accomplished. Still giving this place 5 stars. I'd go back again, just not in October.
what a great park! love how there is so much magic present and the rides are great! it makes all those fairy tales and fantasies come to life.  great shopping too!
This truely is the happiest place on earth when its winter :) The flordia heat is cruel to many a tourist, but being raised in the south you come to get used to it. Anyways, I love this place and Im looking forward to taking my son , when he gets older.
its just soo good. you must go there its clean the atmosphere is amazing and the fireworks are phenominal. the best place in the whole world everybody of all ages will love it too bits.
-Overpriced, Overcrowded, and Overrated!!! -ANIMAL KINGDOM: very few rides and tons of walking forever. You can easily do this park in a 1/2 day or less...in fact, just skip it all together. It's an overpriced zoo, but way BORING! -HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS: YAWN! A wannabe Universal Studios. Not many rides either, mostly boring shows that start about the same time as other shows. A few decent rides - Toy Story Mania & Tower of Terror. You can easily do this park in 1/2 a day too. -MAGIC KINGDOM: Had the most rides of the four theme parks, but lacked the "magical essence" of Anaheim Disneyland. Tomorrowland is way better here...MINUS the ridiculous Stitch attraction (a total waste of space at the park and time). -EPCOT: My personal favorite of the four parks. Diverse attractions and fantastic rides. It sucked that some attractions closed earlier than others. World Showcase was so packed with CROWDS in mid-January during the middle of the week, it was just too frustrating waiting in lines for the restroom, for a snack, for the Viking ride in Norway (there's a FAST PASS for this? Really? Why?)...and dodging too many strollers and scooters. Ugh! In short, if you're 5 years old and have never been to an amusement park before then this is the place for you. Otherwise, you're better off visiting six flags.
the best holiday ever wish i could go every year
Enjoyed all but one rude ticket person at Epcot.  So much for the happiest place on Earth, huh?
disney is the best its the only place people dont mind two 6ft mice (mickey & minnie) walking round there is so much to do we spend 99% of our 2 or 3 wk summer holidays in disney the shows & parades anytime of the day are so magical it really is a place where you never run out of things to do the rides are brilliant for big & little people the food as most american places loads and on every street, disney has got my 100% vote as the most entertaining place to be
It's simply impossible to wrap everything up in one wee little post on Yelp. Here's the quick lowdown. We took our 9mo and 32mo kids. No, that's not something we ever thought we'd do at a young age where they remember nothing. But, when the husband has a business conference and the hotel was paid for? I mean.... The kids were champs. No meltdowns, no naps (for the toddler) and loads of fun. Some recommendations: - don't go peak season with very small kids (we didn't and it was clutch). - use up those fastpasses ASAP as you get more throughout the day - if you do take small kids, try to go just before they are 3 (that way they are free and can utilize the fastpasses to their full advantage because kids don't need fastpasses!) - two words: child swap (for the kid who immediately says "again" after the ride ends. - bring bottled water to save some dough - meet Mickey at the Town Square Theater (he talks!!!!) - do your research on busiest rides to utilize those fastpasses appropriately. - small kids can go on tons of rides!! - download the Disney experience app to get wait times on rides, etc. - locate the four fastpass areas in the park and know them well. - utlilize the free wifi in the park! The longest lines for us on a Thursday in October were for character meet-and-greets. Have a blast!
I love this place very much! Definitely one of the best theme parks you will ever go to! The sheer size of this place is overwhelming! You got MGM studios, Epcot, The Magic Kingdom! All of it is amazing! You can spend several days just going through all of it and you will probably miss something. Definitely a stunning place to go to! I love the Pirates ride and the Haunted House rides the most in the magic kingdom and the countries idea at Epcot. Well worth going to!
the best theme park in the world! it is fantastic for all ages. it has its small attractions for younger children and its thrills for people who are a bit more daring. the whole place is really well maintained and all the staff are really nice. it has some great food there aswell. i would recomend it to anyone.
I would rate WDW a three overall based on my complete experience. They have an excellent and efficient transportation system set up to get folks between the four parks.  The monorails are fast and efficient and well-maintained for such high volume use.  The trams are timely and easy to navigate. The fastpass, online registration, magic passes and photo passes are phenominal.  Disney has outdone themselves with the use of technology in order to improve guest experiences.  My boyfriend and I were very impressed.  The magic bands are amazing - you can link your park ticket, room key, photo pass, meal plan, and credit card for purchases all to this one band and it can be easily scanned.  When you get off a ride that had a photo - you can scan it and your photos will appear there as well - amazing!  They were fast and efficient and we were really impressed with this technology - it far exceeds anything I have seen like it at any other park.  Way to go Disney.   I do have to say here - that while I get the idea of their online and fast pass system - I was annoyed with the fact that since we booked our trip about 4 months our for my boyfriend's 30th birthday - we weren't able to book any of the nicer service restaurants in the Magic Kingdom unless I wanted to obsessively monitor cancellations hourly hoping someone would drop out at the last minute (which I was not going to do).  So it was a bummer that we didn't get to eat at Be our Guest or Cinderella's Table while we were there for the significant amount of money we spent something like $700 just for park tickets for three days with park hopper not including hotel and food.  YIKES.   I also was not impressed with the quality of food and options for someone who is a health nut or a vegetarian.  Now, I fully understand that when most people are on vacation they eat like crap, eat fried foods, desserts and tons of soda.  That's great, but not everyone does.  I'm sure I'm in a small minority but would it kill them to have some place that serves decent salads and maybe some veggie wraps?  I saw all kinds of horrible food options for quick service but none of them were really good or healthy and the ones that were pegged as "vegetarian friendly" had one measly side salad with two cherry tomatoes and a cucumber wedge.  I'm sorry but that is not a meal I'm willing to eat for a 12 hour day of walking 15 miles.  So I was very disappointed with the healthy food options.  When I'm on vacation I eat like I always eat, fresh and not processed, lots of veggies.  How about some hummus and fresh veggies, or flatbreads with veggies, or the previously mentioned wrap?   Of all the parks I enjoyed Magic Kingdom and Epcot the best.  I enjoyed the shows, the employees were all very friendly and polite, the characters were nice and enjoyable to interact with, there were tons of photo opportunities if you bought the photo pass (which we did) and we were glad we did so because we bought it at Universal and their photo options were crap compared to Disney where we felt we actually got our money's worth.  The parks at Disney are clean and very well-kept. Overall I had a good time - but I wish I'd been able to do more than the few gems we squeezed in.  I hope to make another trip around Halloween to see some Halloween themed shows and costumes and décor.
The sum is greater than all of the parks...er I mean parts!  Walt Disney World is an amazing example of synergy.  All of these smaller parts working to make larger parts work, which in turn makes larger parts work...and eventually the whole works in an amazing way! Our 14 day experience started and ended with happiness with mostly happiness during the entire time! I lost my license!  They had it for me the next morning! Transportation.  Monorail went down one night.  And we felt little to no delay in getting back to the Magic Kingdom parking. Food!  Prices of course are steep, but not CRAZY steep.  In fact the drink prices seemed to be reasonable for the fountain stuff.  And they will give you ice water at any quick serve location. Something I called sitelines.  It's when you lift your head from the attraction you are on and look around.  Are you seeing backs of buildings?  Are you seeing the "slip" of the magic showing?  Not really?  In fact some of the "views" were down right cool!!  On the first day in the Magic Kingdom we went on Thunder Mountain and WOW that was cool.  Then on Splash Mountain just before you hit the big drop you are afforded a design masterpiece!!!  In Epcot it's all seemless and beautiful.  Wide open space to melt in the Florida heat but wait...in just a few minutes you can creep into an air conditioned building.  Animal Kingdom was lush and loaded with backdrop and mood!  These really are the parks that every other park dreams of being.  Worth every single penny if you ask me. Castmembers?  Usually at parks like this you get broad rainbow of service and attitudes.  All the way from the grumpy dissatisfied worker to the bright joyful worker and the cool cat who just gives the vibe.  But here in the resort...the vibe was definitely more positive than I have experienced before.  I don't know if it's the University that makes that difference getting in new "blood" every summer or what.  Or maybe it's the different countries that make up the cast members, i dunno.  I just know that in 14 long days I only encountered one "fail" castmember and maybe 5 less than "disney stellar" (read a C average).  Amazing really when you consider the sheer numbers of people they deal with and the numbers that I encountered.  And on the flip side we encountered at least 3 to 4 people every day that would be considered a "superstar!!" of our vacation.  Having gone to Disneyland, you may get 3-4 the whole trip.  But we were consistently encountering stellar cast members that either loved their job or at least knew their job so well it was a pleasure to be helped by them. Dining A note of warning to those visiting Disney World.  Check out the Dining part of the website.  This isn't a sales pitch by me.  It will save you a lot of headache.  We went at the end of summer when most schools were already in session and pretty much most of the best restaurants were booked solid, even through a hurricane threat.  Solid.  So when you walk up, and ask that hostess, you may not get the most "Disney" of responses.  They reject people like me ALL DAY LONG who didn't plan ahead.  And that can be very tiresome.  I could see the dread and effort on their faces when I asked hopefully for a possible opening.  At any other park this would still be way above acceptable.  Here it was a little surprising...but totally understandable.   So save yourself the headache and look at the dining options on line. The website is great and really informative.  Then call and make the reservations, doing it on-line takes a credit card. Gas is even cheap at the resort.  No real big "upcharges" for being a captive audience. In our 14 days we spent at every park, both water parks, downtown Disney, and Disneyquest.  We did it all.
How could anyone not love Disney, anything Disney for that matter? Besides the fact that a WDW trip pricing can be a little costly, it most definitely lives up to its Magical name. Luckily they have Florida Resident deals throughout the year and makes visits plenty affordable seeing it doesn't include all other expenses. I have never been disappointed when visiting Walt Disney World, all the cast members are always pleased to help and assist you with any needs or direction. Even on my first day on my WDW trips I already dread my last Disney filled day and never wanted it to end. My fiance and i have done the entire, and I'm talking full-fledged Disney experience. All 4 parks (Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Epcot and Animal Kingdom) plus the two water parks (Typhoon Lagoon and Blizzard Beach). And I still want(ed) more. If only I was able to live in Cinderella's castle. Hmph.  For the longest i have had a strong connection to WDW and it has grown that much stronger being able to share this mutual feeling with my fiance. We visit every year and even plan on vacationing on the Cruise line! There are alot of tweaks and additions to WDW flow when visitng, for example the new fast pass method. You may select three different rides at one time and once they are used, then and only then will you be able to pick another set. At first it seemed a little vexatious but it really kept our day well paced and organized. We were able to get all the rides done as well as parades and shows in well mannered timing.     Yes i am now an adult but let me tell you one thing, even the thought of Disney brings one thing to my mind 'my childhood'. From the sweet and salty aromas dancing in the air when you step foot on WDW property to meeting and greeting joyous characters throughout the parks, it is one place you will never have to grow up in, and I haven't even begun talking about the rides. The amount of attention that the Disney Imagineers pay to detail is probably beyond some of our comprehension, everything is perfect and truly magical! Even at the end of your adventurous day at the parks, everything you experienced, every emotion, smell and sight gets tied up all together with a spectacular show. There is nothing like watching the fireworks boom and sparkle at Disneys Magic Kingdom and hearing "when you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are.." Or watching the characters dance around at Hollywood Studios 'Fantasmic' presentation. Since i could remember i have been one of the biggest Disney fans, and I adore Mickey more than ever. I have everything Mickey and Minnie to prove it. If you're thinking about going. Don't think. Please just GO! It's nothing shy of magical and spectacular.
What's not to love about anything Disney?  Luckily, I went during the off season, so I experienced no lines and less of a crowd that would normally congregate here during the summer.  Watching the fireworks show and seeing all the characters makes a grown man feel like a little kid again.
Of course Walt Disney World is geared for children.  I get that.  Having been coming here since I was a wee tyke I can speak from 36 years (yikes!) of experience.  Everyone knows WDW isn't cheap and will set you back around $100 for one day at one theme park.  The problem is it's horribly outdated and showing major signs of wear.  The money this places rakes in it should look new and modern instead it looks old and worn out.  The rides have been the same for the last 36 years.  They have added a few areas to the park but overall you can walk and ride everything in the Magic Kingdom in 4-5 hours.  The food choices are redicously overpriced and downright awful.  Dry, flavorless burgers, soggy fries, stale popcorn.  Boyfriend and I will usually eat before and after leaving the park.  Everyone should visit Disney World once in their life but unless you have kids or really love Disney you probably won't need to go back any time soon.
This is the best place on Earth.  I have been here eight times and it never gets old.  I think it must be experienced by all.  It is just such a happy place.  I still remember the first time I drove past the welcome sign and how excited I was.  I still have the same feeling to this day.  There are endless activities.  Everything is incredibly thought out and beautifully detailed.  It is great for all ages. The entire resort runs like a well oiled machine.  The employees are pleasant and helpful.  The value is exceptional, I think - this resort is unrivaled by other theme parks, and those other theme parks cost just as much per day. Disney gives you much more for your money.  The attention to detail throughout the resort is mind boggling.  The products in the stores are so creative.  The rides are unique and exciting.  All of the shows are of Broadway quality.  The entertainment (fireworks, parades) are massive, exceptional and quite simply the best.  The resort is so clean - you never see trash overflowing or dirty bathrooms.  The maintenance team should be commended.   The food is delicious. Disney continues to provide my family and me with wonderful vacations.  I cannot wait to bring my own children and family.
Ok so getting here is half the battle but everything is just awesome. If give it 5 stars but it gets 3 because if you want to update and upgrade your annual passes good luck. Customer service told us one thing and we come to find out it's totally different. So my wife gets upgraded, but I can't, even with my reminder card to renew. We were hoping to upgrade all of our passes but because I don't have mine. Oh well. Someone's getting a call tonight. So inconvenient being lied to. I really hope that they get their facts straight and stop giving me the run around. Great parks though. I haven't been here since I was 6 and the Animal Kingdom is amazing. Definitely go to the Lion King show and Finding Nemo. The kids will love them!
Honestly, as much as I'd love to, I can't really knock Disney World. There is something to please just about anyone here, except for the really sinful stuff you can do in Vegas. But not every trip has to be a Vegas trip. There's plenty to do, see, eat, ride, etc. Downtown Disney & Pleasure Island (although not as dirty as it sounds) is decent enough for late night activities, as well as other stuff like Cirque du Soleil, if you're into that sort of thing (I'm not). There's all the ol' standbys, like The Magic Kingdom, Epcot, & MGM. Plus the Boardwalk and lots of other stuff. I don't know if I would go here without kids (probably not) but there's no reason why adults can't have a great time. If you happen to be a roller coaster enthusiast, like myself, hit all the ones at Disney, and then head over to Universal Islands of Adventure and ride the Hulk and Dueling Dragons. Granted, it's expensive as all hell, but you will definitely not forget this trip.
Walt Disney world has cured my DISNEY addiction, with 45 minutes cues and bus rides to get from from location to the next, rude Castmember's, people cutting in lines, lack of healthy food options, overall icky food unless you pay premium dollar (unlike Disneyland) lack of Holiday Decorations. It's a small world isn't even decorated!!! The whole fast  pass system is a pain where it gives 3 passes and is a hassle plus people book months in advance leaving those who can't to be doomed to standby or not be able to access attractions and restaurants. Being crammed in buses like cattle or sardines is crazy. The lines at rides are not organized and the rush is crazy. We have been annual pass holders for a few years but we won't be renewing and definitely not at WDW. We have spent the past year trying to find the DISNEY MAGIC here sadly it's not!!
I'm definitely a Disney girl. My parents exposed me to Disney movies, books, toys, shows, etc. This place is so magical if you're a kid who grew up with Disney because it's like having your imagination come to life. I definitely recommend this place for children...and if you're an adult who grew up with Disney, this place might still be a magical place for you lol! Here are my fave parks in order: Animal Kingdom Magic Kingdom Hollywood Studios Epcot It was a very difficult decision between Animal and Magic Kingdom being first. I chose Animal Kingdom though just because they have live animals and are about natural preservation lol. But really...Magic Kingdom is just as awesome because it is the foundation of the place, the original, it has Cinderella's castle...come on! If you want highlights and details for each park, go to my reviews because I give detailed reviews for each park. Try and go to all of the parks if you have enough time. This is Disney...expect to spend lots and lots of money. However, it's worth it for your kids to have this awesome experience at least once in during their childhood...and I would recommend going when your children are over the age of 4 so they could somewhat remember the experience!
MAGICAL AMAZING SPECTACULAR EXCITING I cannot express how happy i am we came here. It was amazing and my daughter loved EVERY moment. I am so thankful. We had a great time
I love love love Disney! But this trip, many of the staff have appeared unhappy and short with us. I don't know if they hate the Princess Half Marathon weekend or what, but I've never seen anything like this. We got pushed out of the Pirates if the Caribbean ride after standing in line for 40" without explanation.  We tried to ask if we could get a fast pass for later and a cast member told us, "Leave for your own safety!". Scary! And no further explanation. Here's hoping tomorrow is a better, more magical day.
My Fiance and I are Annual Passholders which I believe is a requirement being a Floridian.  We will never give them up.  We both love Disney and the new Fastpass Plus system.  From reminiscing of memories from being at the park as a kid, to making new ones, Disney is and always will be the top vacation spot in Florida.  From The Food and Wine Festival at Epcot to Cinderella's Castle at Magic Kingdom, Disney has it all. Go now.  Make memories.
If you've ever been to Disneyland and thought it was too much to fit into one day... Get ready for this. Walt Disney WORLD is insane! Personally, I think it's too much to handle, period. It is just outrageous in size. It's a four park attraction with a million attractions within. Walt definitely chose the perfect name! The rides and attractions are pretty amazing. My favorite part about Disneyland/World is seeing the faces of the kids when they see their favorite Characters larger than life... Oh my- it just pulls at my heart strings... I can't wait to take my son... Parents: If you plan to go, PLAN your trip ahead... If you don't, it's not going to be the happiest place on earth... Enjoy your trip!
We just returned from celebrating our 5th Anniversary at Walt Disney World.  Having been a patron to the the Disney parks for over 40 years, I've come to expect a certain quality standard and that "extra 1 percent" that the business has promoted through the years.  Unfortunately, the magic is missing and the quality is slipping rapidly.  Here's a summary of what we found: Rides are not being maintained: We used the FastPass system to schedule some of the more popular rides.  However, when we arrived at the specified times, they were closed due to mechanical or technical problems. And not just one or two.  In Magic Kingdom, Pirates of the Caribbean had a delayed opening because of technical troubles.  When we arrived at "It's a Small World," it was temporarily closed.  In Epcot, my husband was evacuated from Chevrolet's TestTrack due to technical problems.  We came back later to try it again.  It was evident on several of the rides that they are not being maintained properly -- the dolls are not performing as they should, trains were not on the track, lights are out, etc. There doesn't seem to be as many characters: The primary characters were not easy to find.  We saw Chip and Dale (with Disney photographers) in both Magic Kingdom and Epcot.  But, when we spotted Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck in Epcot, they did not have Disney photographers and they greeted public for less than 15 minutes.  In fact, they came out just as we sat down for a sample from the International Food & Wine Festival.  Before we finished the sampling, they were locked behind the gate.  The same was true for Tinker Bell, Cinderella, and Jasmine.  Also, we spent one day at each park but saw more Disney characters at Epcot than the Magic Kingdom. The dining plan is tricky: We had the deluxe dining plan but there are too many rules involved with meals and snacks.  Apparently only certain items are considered "breakfast" items, others are snacks.  If we did not want to include sides and desserts with our meals, it seemed like it was too complicated for the server since the "deluxe" plan includes those items.  We ended up not using 7 snacks and 11 meals between us because of all the rules -- a true waste of money.   Be careful with restaurant reservations: One day we planned to spend half a day in Animal Kingdom and the other half in Magic Kingdom.  That morning we booked a restaurant in the Magic Kingdom for a late day lunch.  After arriving at Animal Kingdom, we realized with our FastPass activities and the bus schedule we could not keep the reservation.  I tried to cancel using the MyDisney app on my smart phone but could not, so I had to call to cancel.  I was told it was a $10/person charge to cancel the reservation that was less than two hours old.  I asked if they could just use one of my meal plans: No, they would have to charge me.  I asked if we could change the reservation until later that day: No, there were no more available times that day.  But, they could look for another day if I like.  Really?? The refillable mugs are only refillable at certain locations on the resort:  In 2012 when we visited WDW, we filled our mugs throughout the day in the parks.  Now the mugs are only refillable at certain locations in the resorts.  When we tried to fill our mugs in the morning, only seltzer water was available -- none of the fountain sodas were available. The magic is missing in some of the cast members too.  We observed a particularly obnoxious and rude bus driver. He seemed annoyed with a young family that was trying to keep track of two small kids and a big stroller.  Rather than helping them, he chastised them for not having the stroller folded up and then again for it's placement on the floor.  Then he proceeded to play a pre-recorded tape about strollers.  Later, he seemed annoyed with another family that got on the bus and played a prerecorded tape relevant to that situation repeatedly.     Things are not running timely.  The fireworks at Epcot were delayed by an hour one evening.  The 3 o'clock parade at Magic Kingdom started at least 15 minutes late.   On the positive side: Since it was our anniversary, we were given special pins to wear.  Cast members recognized the pin and wished us "Happy Anniversary" which was very nice.  Also, Mickey & Minnie called our resort room to leave a special anniversary greeting.  One of the cast members, Scott, was particularly helpful in setting up a surprise in our room for my husband. Overall, when we consider the price of this vacation and the quality, we were disappointed.  There were a few special touches that made our anniversary very nice.  But, it was not the magic we had both hoped for.  For the same price, we could have enjoyed a nice trip to Europe, the beach, a cruise .... you name it.  It will be a long time before we return to WDW.  Hope they can find the magic again!
Completely Awesome.  Fast Passes are the way to go.  Anything else is silly.  Especially for Little Mermaid.  Even with FP we waited in the lobby for 20 minutes before being seated.  Everything else was flawless.  Well, the water at MK tastes like sulfur, but the other parks were refreshing.  This was my second time at DW with my wife, but the first time for our children.  They had a wonderful time and kept asking if we could go back after it was all over.  Great family vacation. The two best items in the parks were Toy Story and Star Tours.  Excellent 3D graphics and interaction.  Fantasmic was incredible.  This is the kind of 3D that needs to be in the movie theaters.  Donald actually stretches out within 3 inches of your face at one point, no matter where you are seated.  Toy Story is an excellent ride, video game and 3D display.  There is really no good way to describe this if you haven't experienced it yourself.  Suffice it to say, you are actually in a 3D video game and are the player.  You are not looking at a screen in your living room, you are the character in the game. 4 Star rating is not 5 because of my Universal Studios Island of Adventure review.  We went the first week of April as the last week of March is Florida's spring break, or at least that's what we were told by Florida residents.  The lines were just as long as any other park.  Average wait at a good ride was 45 min to 1.25 hours.  When we were there in 1996 over New Year's, the wait times were 2.5 - 3.5 hours.  We had a map, had a plan of what order to do the attractions, and adjusted as fast pass times dictated, but we were able to do everything we had on our list. If money were not an issue, we would do all 4 major parks again with park hopper passes, but would spend the majority of our time at Universal.  That being said, Disney World, all parks, is a must do at least once for everyone.  This was the best vacation in a very long time.
HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH! The heat is a killer though. Animal Kingdom was my favourite! Such a cheerful place to be at. All the restaurants inside are the same ol' : chicken nuggets and fries, salads, etc. ranging from $5-15. They have kids meals too. You get a cute pass too that has a disney character on it-- I got donald duck :) I love collecting hotel card keys and cards like these.
There's way too many things to talk about to try to capture Disney World in one review, but the place as a whole gets five stars.  Yes, it's a giant, evil, money-sucking corporation, blah blah blah...who cares.  It's a freaking awesome time and everyone should go at least once.  I can see how maybe someone might only give it four stars based on some minor annoyance, like crowds or a rare encounter with a rude employee, but in my opinion, anyone who would give DW less than four stars seriously needs to get in touch with their inner child.  So to all you haters, put your principles aside, open up your wallet, and go!
If you don't love Disney World & their resorts you have no soul. Incredibly imaginative, refreshing, clean. Even better dining. Everything from the quality of food to their impeccable customer service a trip here is flawless. You're not reading reviews to see if you want to visit. But probably because you're on your way.. So let me give you a tip. Everyone complains they are exhausted, they're doing Disney wrong. Make an ADR for the earliest you can at the park you choose to visit - have breakfast, and you're at the park prior to opening. Then leave at 1. Most people have breakfast at their hotels then head over, and 12-1 is a peek time for people entering the parks. By this time, you've already ridden the major attractions, without the wait times. Enjoy the pool and dining at your resort, if you're staying on the property neither option will disappoint. Take a nap, then around dinner time, when everyone is trying to cut costs heads out you come back recharged. This isn't rocket science. Disney is a marathon, but best enjoyed at a slow pace to you can appreciate the details. Have a fun trip.
It's Disney World, can you really say anything bad about it! Obviously sure it may be a little different from what we experienced when we were kids but come on, the nostalgia, Mickey Mouse, just the aura that Walt Disney World gives off is good enough for me. I do get giddy like a kid again when i visit. It's wonderful no matter how much you have to spend. Expensive of course but its worth it, especially if you have kids.
After our experience here, we realized that the happiest place on earth is not the happiest place on earth by the end of the day when all the children and parents smiles turn to frowns. The only people that seemed to keep their smiles up were the employees. They seemed to always be happy and they were nice in telling us to have fun or have a great time. We purchased a four day experience at Disney world, and quickly became annoyed with their fingerprint system on our first day. I had to have my fingerprints reset and when the fingerprint system didnt recognize me I was questioned as if i had committed a crime. The employee asked me how many days I purchased my ticket for, if i had added any options to my ticket, and what time I had purchased my ticket. She could have asked me for my receipt. She could have asked for my I.D. She had all this information on her tablet yet I was given 6th degree. After paying almost $400 for my ticket, i expected better service. The place was crowded. If something were to happen in the amusement park, how would we all escape safely when the roads in the park are packed with people? Lines for the rides were long and in the sun. Locker locations were scarce and you had to pay each time for each location. It made this worthless to use a locker. We are prone to motion sickness (unfortunately) but we enjoyed a lot of the rides like the kilimanjaro safari ride (animal kingdom), expedition everest (animal kingdom), dinosaur (animal kingdom) the backlot tour (hollywood studios), star tours (hollywood studios),  muppet vision 3D (hollywood studios), lights motor action! extreme stunt (hollywood studio), haunted mansion (magic kingdom), its a small world (magic kingdom), norway maelstrom (epcot), spaceship earth (epcot), mission space (epcot), soaring (epcot). Be prepared for A LOOOOOOOOOT of walking.  With the crowds and 100 degree heat, I needed something to cool me down. Thankfully I had a mister fan that got me through some really hot days. They sell these mister fans at the park but it costs $20. I highly recommend picking one up online at Amazon before going. I also recommend taking a small backpack and bringing your own bottle water so you can save some money. Water bottled drinks at the park are not overly expensive ($2.50 each) but if you drink a lot you can end up spending a lot. The rides we rode on allowed for us to carry our small backpacks, especially since Disney did not offer locker storage before the rides (like they do at universal studios). There are buses that will take you from one park to another if you finish a park early and have the hopper option. The buses come about every 20 minutes and it takes another 20-30 minutes to get to the other park. However, it was easier to just drive to a different park using your parking receipt for the day. We did not know we could do this until we asked the parking attendant. You also save a lot of time driving on your own. Don't bother to eat at any restaurants without any reservations. We tried to walk-in to multiple restaurants and were told that we could not eat there without reservations. Why would anyone work their schedule to accommodate a restaurant reservation? Wouldn't it make more sense to allow for first come first serve so that if a guest is within the vicinity of a restaurant and wanted to sit down and do so they could? Or why doesnt Disney allow for half reservations and half walk-ins? I was so disappointed in this. Their food choices outside of the restaurants was terrible. It was mostly salty hot dogs and dry hamburgers all at the price of at least $10 or more. The best food place I did try was when I was at animal kingdom eating in the land of Africa at Tamu Tamu. Their meat wrap was good. The Aloha Isle pineapple ice cream was good at Epcot and the 50s prime time cafe at hollywood studio was good with cousin amy's meatloaf. Thankfully at the 50s prime time cafe they allowed walk-ins.
Disney World is magical for kids and adult a like.  My boyfriend and I made a stop in Disney during our first trip together and it was perfect.  Females truly feel like a princess here, and there is no forgetting that you are since everyone in the park will refer to you as a princess...and the castle, o man, the castle show was so cool... and the fireworks...the street shows...meeting mickey and minnie... the rides... I think Disney is for everyone.  I had the best time here with my boyfriend and we only went for one day.
Fast Pass + While I was a little bummed that the old school fast pass system was phased out for the Fast Pass +, after reading up on it, and downloading the app, I think this is a much better system for the super type A person that I am. We were able to log in online, add all 12 tickets, and book all the rides we wanted the night before our visit.  This was a few months ago, during spring break, so I'm not sure if more people are getting used to the system and the optimal time slots are booking up. We did end up getting to the park early again, and were able to ride the major rides without using the Fast Pass, so we were able to change and alter our times and choices easily on the app.  It may take some getting used to at first, but it's very user friendly. If the app is a little on the slower side, they do have multiple fast Pass + kiosks located throughout the park where you can make changes as well.   My best advice is still to get there early.  It's worth waking up the grouchy kids. They'll thank you later when you're breezing through the lines with no wait. You can return to your hotel by lunch time to avoid the crowds and relax and rest up for the night time festivities.  By then, the families that didn't get up early will be leaving and the place will slow down again.
I know I'm in the minority and it's a minor form of blasphemy to not gush all over Disney, but what can I say, I'm a rebel!   Disney is good if A) Your children are 6 years old or younger, B) you don't mind being squashed like a sardine all day because it's so crowded and C) you're willing to spend your kids' entire college savings to spend a day or two here.   For people like myself who are thrill ride afficionados, Disney just doesn't cut it, not even with their newer additions.  Yes, they have some cool stuff and everyone has their favorite characters, but it's just not enough for me to justify the exhorbitant prices and lack of thrills.
It was magical. How else can you describe Disney World? Everyone there is friendly. EVERYONE. Yea it's crowded, but you're in the most popular theme park in the world. What do you expect. Get fast passes for any rides and character experiences you want. And drink lots of water. Also, it will rain. It rains everyday in Florida. That's not a reason to leave the park. And stay for the closing fireworks. They are amazing!
My favorite place in the whole wide world!  If I can live here, I would!  I love all the theme parks but I haven't had a chance to go all around Disney World yet.  It's HUMONGOUS!   Our favorite park is EPCOT.  I love how they have the World Showcase and the employees there are actually from each country featured so it gives it more of a one-of-a-kind experience.  The food is exquisite!  Hollywood Studios has more shows than rides so its a bit more relaxing than the other parks.  Magic Kingdom is classic just like the one in Anaheim.  It is the first park built here.  Animal Kingdom is also cool.  They've got live animals roaming around in a specific area and you can't really see the fence they have up.   Haven't been to the water parks, pleasure island, indoor Disney quest, and Downtown Disney yet so I can't review that.
Growing up in FL I took for granted my access to this amazing place. Now that I'm raising my family in the Pacific Northwest I realize how lucky I truly was. It's so cool seeing the magic through my children's eyes now. What can I say that hasn't already been said? This place is amazing for the young and the young at heart :) The new Fast Pass + is great, easy to use. Once all of your Fast Pass + have been used, you can revert to the old Fast Pass system at any kiosk for one ride pass at a time....use it!!! It really saves you time! All the old classics are there, along with some new ones. A little disappointed with The Seven Dwarves Mine Train, but my daughter loved it :) Best part of the trip was riding Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, with the fireworks show going off around us...truly amazing!!
We decided to visit Disney last minute, so on Saturday early in the morning we started calling the resorts just to find out that we needed to speak to reservations to book. That is great except that we held for over an hour to get to a rep the first time, the lady had no clue what she was doing and talked out loud to herself which confirmed she had no clue what she was doing. Then finally she fumbled for over 45 minutes trying to find the rate that we had found online and after putting us on hold to speak to her supervisor 3 times she was ready to book our stay. Well by then our call gets disconnected and do you think she tried to call us back. NO she did not. So we had to call back and wait another 30 minutes for someone to come to the phone. The lady who took that reservation was nice and helpful but by then i was totally frustrated with the process. It was far from Magical. So we get to the hotel and Judy I think was her name checked us in and she was very nice to us. She even went to her manager when we told her all that we had went through to book our room, she did not want our 1st disney visit to be a bad one so she had us upgraded to a preferred room with a river view. Well if that room was a preferred location I sure would hate to see a non preferred. It was so far from our car that it was unpleasant in the heat to bring our things to the room. Then we get to the room and it was a nice room with the exception that the housekeepers failed to check the refrigerator and remove a weeks worth of half eaten food and spoiled milk. So we call the front desk since both housekeepers outside our room could not speak english and only smiled at us. When we got back it was gone. At check in the desk clerk told us if we added our credit card to our bands we had no need to carry our wallets or id's so we left them back at the room. Well what do you know that we get to the concierge and the lady asked us for our ID since one of us was a Florida Resident. So he had to walk all the way back to the room to retrieve it when we had just been told that we were all verified and no need to carry it around. So by now I am pretty disgusted with Disney. But we get our passes and decide to eat before we head out. The lady told us at the register if we bought the mugs that refills were free for the number of days we paid for so we thought that was an awesome deal and a nice souvenir. What she failed to tell us was that the drinks were restricted to just the hotel and that they expired at midnight. So we paid $20 for 2 cokes. To say that I was fuming mad is an understatement. So now I am at Animal Kingdom and have to carry a cup my entire time that I am there that is not even of any use to me there at the park. So not only did I have to buy my beverages I had to carry my empty cup. So before I could move on to Disney World I had to go back to my room and drop of my worthless cup. Then as if my trip could not get any worse as we are ready to leave we tried to pick up our pics and they tell us that the person that can do the enhancements and such has already gone home for the night. Seriously? So we leave without any pics and we did not take any of our own. Then we are almost back to our room at 330 in the morning since we stayed late at the park and your sidewalks are very dimly lit and I had to go retrieve something from my car parked far away and as I was coming back I fell and hurt my leg trying to get away from a SNAKE slithering across the sidewalk and I would have seen him if your lights were normal lights and actually lit up the path that people walk on.
I've had it with Disneyworld, especially the so-called "Magic Kingdom." We just got done with a week in Orlando and the most frustrating part of our trip was Disney. With tickets, parking, food and gifts, most families are out four figures (plus another four for travel and lodging for most). So you expect to be treated well ... and it seems, often that is not the case. We have had this disappointment twice in the last three years ... we buy our tickets ... we plan to end our time seeing the Magic Kingdom fireworks, only to be kicked out of the park early because there is some special event going on. That's bad enough after shelling out full price for tickets, but then you have these "Mouse Cops" running around and reprimanding you to get out of the park: "You can't stay in the park. You must leave the park now." etc. They make you feel like you are some kind of second-class citizen after you've shelled out several hundred bucks to be there in the first place. As I say, this has happened twice to us ... three years ago it was the Christmas special ... this time it was the Halloween special. The idiotic thing is they don't tell you when you're coming in ... or even throughout the day ... that the park is going to close early. Then they act like you are a criminal because you're in the park a few minutes after 7 pm. This last time left my wife very angry and my daughter in tears (she had been having a great time until then). For me, it has made me reconsider all future plans for Disney cruises or Paris Disneyworld or any stinking Disney thing, for that matter. So my question is why? Why would Disney want to alienate paying customers this way? I would advise them to use their Imagineers to think of a better way. For instance, if I had been told at the gate that the park would close before fireworks, I may have considered upgrading my ticket. Even better would be a having the fireworks show for all paying customers and the holiday special afterward.
Happiest place on Earth! Truly though, I went for two days and had an absolute blast. My boyfriend and I went over Memorial Day weekend and were nervous that it was going to be too crowded to enjoy anything but that wasn't the case at all. With a little bit of research, a lot of patience, and a good attitude you can have the time of your life! Since there were only two of us we were able to hit three parks in two days - taking between 5 and 6 hours each. We actually went back to Epcot a second time to drink around the world. SO FUN. Highly recommend you spend one night at Epcot to take everything in. I know you're on vacation but get up early, get there before the park opens, and you won't regret it. Both days we got to do all of the big rollercoasters twice before it ever got crowded. Once it starts to pick up (around 11a) for us... we had done everything we really wanted to and were more sightseeing around the park, using Fast Pass (a MUST USE!), and just enjoying our time. We were worried about costs so we packed light snacks which worked out perfectly. We ate breakfast before we went to the park, had crackers, chips, and dried fruit with us, and usually just bought drinks and maybe one meal between the two of us at the park. You really can do Disney on the cheap if you have a bit of self control around the 10,000 food vendors and 20,000 gift shops. I truly can't wait to go back. It had been over 10 years since I had been there but it won't be long before I head back.
To Drew P. Who posted two months ago saying Disney is not accommodating to people with disabilities.   I am a pass holder with a disability and I am here often and I have never once had a problem with accommodations. Now my personal review. The parks are busier than ever with Florida resident programs and annual pass holder prices being lower and on monthly payments.  And the parks are having longer wait times due to that. The most annoying aspect of any high volume  tourism area is the tourist who don't know how to act. Rude people and those who expect the world to be handed to them on a platter because they are paying customers. Well guess what, everyone is a paying customer of sorts.   The crowds are obnoxious but that comes with the territory. That's not Disney's fault or anything. As pass holders we are able to come and go as we please. I probably wouldn't want to come here on a weeks vacation and be stuck trying to complete everything in that week's time   For those who say this for kids only,  simply put: golf, spas, adult only restaurants, nighttime fireworks shows, alcohol, food and wine festivals, downtown Disney... You get it by now. Some people just want to complain, and they are probably the ones I mentioned earlier who expect the world to be their's because they are paying customers. The park is a little outdated, but that is being worked on. And when those changes start being made, I really expect the complaints to be ramped up until completion.  But once the updates are done, I'm sure it will be great and all.  But there will still be those of you who will find something negative to say.
Had a blast! We came on a weekday, so lines werent long. I came on my birthday and they gave me a badge and everyone around (characters, workers, and stanger) came up to me to wish me a happy birthday. It takes ATLEAST 2 days to do everything!
I don't know why I'm reviewing Disney World, really.  I don't think a bad review would sway someone not to go. Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween party is the way to go.  We went on 9/21/14 and it was perfect.  Short lines (no wait at all for Space Mountain), and TONS OF FREE CANDY!!  They pile it into your bags, they beg you to take it, I mean when will you ever get something free from Disney?  Six of us ended up with 12 pounds of candy- a lot of it chocolate, the good stuff. They let you in at around 3:40.  You get coralled (is that spelled right) into a separate line if you're doing the Halloween party so don't try to get in before that. Get the tickets in advance to save money. You still get 8 hours in the park for a much cheaper ticket.         Splash Mountain has a vertical 50 foot drop, so just know you'll pee yourself if you thought this was a gentle relaxing ride down an animatronic (is that spelled right) river.  But if you do tee tee it's ok because you'll get absolutely drenched.  I'd say that was probably the scariest ride, except for It's A Small World.  Space Mountain wasn't very scary for my 6 year old but it is the best coaster to get out of the heat AND it's fairly long which is a bonus.   Gotta do and do not miss or else you are a dork: Pirates of the Carribean (is that spelled right), Space Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train (this was the longest line at 30 minutes), and most importantly Big Thunder Mountain Railroad something or other. I did only a couple more rides but they weren't too special.  Big Thunder was the best because it was the longest ride.   We rode 21 rides that night because the lines were so short and that included a lot of down time from us with trick or treating, watching the light show, parade (headless horseman and grave diggers dancing with sparky shovels was awesome), fireworks, 79 bathroom breaks, and trying to figure out how to choke down a vulgar turkey leg.  Don't do the turkey leg. Just. Don't.  Food at Disney is dismal so bring snacks and get some funky Florida tap water for free at the restaurants. Mmmm, funk. It also wasn't so hot and humid you wanted to punch yourself in the face. Well, no, I lie.  It was humid as hell but it was more tolerable than going in the summer, trust me!   Lastly, the people watching.  Most people, and I mean adults, wore costumes.  I saw one very tall black dude- yes dude- wearing the full Frozen princess costume, high heels and all.  Very nice.  There were some truly convincing characters all night.   So in a nutshell the Halloween party gets you all the candy you'll need to give away on the real Halloween night, short lines, drag queens, cheaper admission, dancing grave diggers, and Jack Sparrow everywhere you look.  I mean everywhere.  Need I say more?
Disney World, we all know the place.  It's every child's dream. Disney also has a reputation for being evil. Well, I thought I'd put my two cents in. When I first went there at age 20, an employee almost made my sister cry! Disney gave her a pass to the front of every line at the park. I got to go with her! (As for the employee, I believe that they got mad at her. My husband used to work for them and he knows that they take stuff like that seriously.) Most employees are sweet. I went there for my 24th birthday and I had a great time! Everyone who saw me wished me a happy birthday! They have a Monsters Inc. place where they single out people in the audience and make jokes with them. It's too, too funny! I found out that they give disability passes so you can get to the front of the lines. I'm able to get one because of mine. Comes in handy! As for them being "evil", they're not. Disney has a bad reputation for being bad to their employees and they're not at all. My husband worked for them for 6 whole years! They gave him incredible insurance and hours galore! Sure, during the holidays he had to work 80 hours a week, but what do you expect when you work at a place this popular? They pay you every week. You don't have to wait 2 weeks for a paycheck like most places. The pay starts out small, but you have to remember that this place has 40,000 employees. (I kid you not.) They don't need to start every single person at like, $12 an hour. But like I said, they give tons of hours. My husband once made $800 in one week! When my husband's mom died, his boss was contacted. She called him into her office first thing when he got to work. She sat him down and told him what happened. (Her death was expected, by the way.) She gave him his paperwork and he got plenty of time off. Overall, Disney will work you like crazy if you're full-time, but it's DISNEY WORLD! People go there all the time, mostly around the holidays. They need their employees. With a few bad eggs, they're very good to the customers. They really do want you to have a good time and keep going back to see them. I honestly believe that. So, go there, even if you're not a kid. It's so wonderful! Also, they're Muppets in 3D rules!
Walt Disney World really does dominate my thoughts when I think about Orlando (even though it's actually south of the city), but I have learned there's a lot more to Orlando than just the House of the Mouse. I've spent many a summer as a child running from park to park. The entire area really does transport you to another world. Between four parks, two water parks, several resort areas, a golf course and Downtown Disney (which will be growing over the next couple of years), there really is something for everyone. Amy S. really does give some great pointers on when to visit. And yes, there are times there are smaller crowds than others, but it is busy all the time so be prepared for that. The February/March time frame is one of my favorite times to go (as long as I hit it up BEFORE Spring Breakers start their descent. And I avoid it like it doesn't even exist during the summer. Between the crowds and the humidity, it's like pure torture. My favorite spots to stay are all on Hotel Row, just north/east of Downtown Disney. Traffic really isn't any better, but you can find great deals at all the hotels that line the street. One day I will break down and actually stay on Disney property, but I got a lot of bills to pay first before that ever happens.
If you love Disneyland, then you will love Disney World.  Disney World is a must place to go if you want to be a kid again.  Here are a few tips: 1. Bring sunscreen 2. Bring your own snacks and drinks 3. Wear comfortable shoes 4. If you are going to watch the fireworks at Magic Kingdom, stay at Liberty Square, Frontierland, or Tomorrowland. 5. People will smell like b.o. around you no matter what time it is. 6. Bring deodorant 7. There are a few single riders opportunity in the Mount Everest ride (Animal Kingdom), Test Track (Epcot), and Aerosmith Limo Roller coaster Ride (Hollywood Studios). If you have been to Disneyland, you will automatically compare it to Magic Kingdom.  Personally, I like Disneyland better because it is the first and original.  Here are few rides and towns they are missing: 1. No Critters County 2. No Toontown 3. There are only two train stops in Magic Kingdom 4. In Fantasyland, there is no Mr. Toad's ride and Matterhorn. 5. There is no Indiana Jones ride. I like Tomorrowland in Magic Kingdom because there are more rides (People Mover, Laugh Floor, and Lilo and Stitch), but they are missing the submarine voyage.  I like the set up in Fantasyland in Disneyland.  Frontierland and Main Street USA are pretty much the same.  Magic Kingdom's Castle is better and slightly bigger. In Epcot, drink their beers from different countries.   Personally, if you have little children, bring them when they are not dependent on a stroller, booster seat, car seat, diapers, and taller than 54 inches.  It will make you day much easier.
Unfortunately my family and I are stuck with annual passes. We HAD to get the passes to Disney because my daughter loves the princesses. We've been 4 times this year trying to get our money's worth with the passes and every time has been a major disappointment. We tried to go to Epcot first because the kid wanted to see the Frozen princesses. They weren't there. We're told they were at Magic Kingdom that day. There was no information on that switch at all by the way. The Disney employee who told us they were at Magic Kingdom laughed at us when we asked if we could run over to the other park to see them. We go to Magic Kingdom any way just to see it's a 6. Hour. Wait. So we try to see the other attractions. They had a big character parade with the Frozen princesses in it so I try to lift my daughter up to see her princesses at least from a distance. A rude employee came by to tell me we couldn't watch the parade because we weren't behind some authorized parade line. I told him there was no room behind the line left and we weren't blocking any intersection. Nothing doing he told us we had to keep moving. Really freaking magical you money grubbing bastards. The next time we go to Hollywood Studios for Star Wars Weekend. The whole thing was a giant mess. All the characters would only come out for a few minutes which was a giant waste when a family of 6 wants to take individual pictures and autographs which eats up the entire 15 minutes the character is out for leaving a huge line waiting another hour for 15 minutes of time. Oh and if there was a few rain drops the character just left instantly. They really needed to have these characters in an air conditioned building where they could get through the lines of people easier, but instead they opted to do that for Donald and Goofy rather then the Star Wars cast. The last time we went was yesterday. We tried Animal Kingdom and it was the same obnoxious poorly planned mess as the last times. All the animals were hiding or asleep. The safari was a joke. You couldn't see any of the animals so most of the time you're looking at trees and grass while the driver tries to tell jokes to keep you from falling asleep. The river rapid ride was terrible. You wait over an hour for a ride that is a minute and a half. I paid $15 for a soggy cheeseburger with no flavor to it and still had to pay extra for a drink. McDonald's would of been better. We left early. Like 3pm early. I about tossed my magic band in the trash on the way out. I just refuse to go back to that hell hole again.
I'll keep this review short because you should already know the deal when it comes to Walt Disney World. Walt Disney World deserves five stars because it is as good as it gets when it comes to theme parks. Yes you could say it's relatively expensive but it's not that pricey. It really is "the most magical place on earth" when you're a kid and coming back as an adult you really get to appreciate all the effort and detail that goes into the Disney experience. WDW doesn't focus on thrilling and nauseating rides. The rides focus on fun and that they are. Space Mountain is still one of my favorite roller coasters. The hall of presidents has pretty nifty audio-animatronics presidents including Barack Obama. It can be a bit creepily lifelike but I suggest checking it out. Usually fireworks are just fireworks for me but I forgot how awesome they can be. We caught the last night of the summertastic celebration and the fireworks really wowed me. Get close to the castle if you can because that's where the audio is played.
Free on your birthday =) My friends brought me here without friggin' telling me....as a surprise. I'm not really a "Disney" fan. But this place is like NOTHING I've ever experienced, ever. The fact that it's in Florida multiplies it's appeal to the 8th power. Note: We got there very early, 10:00am I got a silly birthday button to wear and all the employees I encountered in the park wished my "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" loudly. You typically drive to a "theme park" then park the car, then go in. Driving to Disney World was the first indication of how overwhelmingly behemoth this kingdom was. There is no "entry", you exit the friggin' highway into a borough like Queens, Staten Island, Bronx etc. and that entire borough is Walt Disney Word!!!! *Theme Parks -Magic Kingdom -Epcot -Hollywood Studios -Animal Kingdom *Water Parks -Typhoon Lagoon -Blizzard Beach *Other -Downtown Disney -ESPN Wide World Sports Complex -Disney Broadwalk *Resorts -Disney's All-Star Movies Resort -Disney's All-Star Music Resort -Disney's All-Star Sports Resort -Disney's Art of Animation Resort -Disney's Pop Century Resort -The Campsites at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort -Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort -Disney's Coronado Springs Resort -Disney's Port Orleans Resort - French Quarter -Disney's Port Orleans Resort - Riverside -The Cabins at Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort -Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge -Disney's Beach Club Resort -Disney's BoardWalk Inn -Disney's Contemporary Resort -Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa -Disney's Polynesian Village Resort -Disney's Wilderness Lodge -Disney's Yacht Club Resort -Bay Lake Tower at Disney's Contemporary Resort -Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Jambo House -Disney's Animal Kingdom Villas - Kidani Village -Disney's Beach Club Villas -Disney's BoardWalk Villas -Disney's Old Key West Resort -Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa -The Villas at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa -The Villas at Disney's Wilderness Lodge Okay, you cannot possible see all of Disney in 1 day even though we had park hopper pass and fast pass, so we picked Animal Kingdom. Maps: You will drown in frustration without a map. Better yet, the day before get the app & study it. What we did: -Affection Section (petting zoo, hands-on furriness) -"The Boneyard" DinoLand (play-space simulated dinosaur dig) -Rafiki's Planet Watch (interactive exhibits) -Dinosaur Time Rover Ride in DinoLand -Island trails (Tree of Life) -3D Bug show (inside the Tree of Life) -Expedition Everest (Forbidden Mountain coaster) -Wildlife Express Train -Kali River rapids, Maharaja Jungle Trek (Asia section of Animal Kingdom) -Kilimanjaro Safari (Africa section of Animal Kingdom) -Pangani Forest Exploration Trail -Oasis Exhibits Energy: Comfort is a must because you will walk so much, you will need to pit stop regularly for some food, (suggest fruit), water, and you can have the big meals towards the end of the day. The Florida sun will also tax your energy, so stay hydrated. Planning: Approach going to Walt Disney World as a military operation. Pre-plan, with back up plans. Watch: tinyurl.com/lupljnv Verdict: Animal Kingdom is something truly amazing. I literally felt I was in Asia, Africa etc. The recreations of artifacts, structures and natural landscapes are a work of art. Do not waste your time going to "disneyland" in CA. FLORIDA has a way of embedding it's experience into your soul. Work hard, bring your children to this place and they will believe that magic is real. As adults, we forget, but magic IS real =)
I'm 31 and my girlfriend and I came here for fun. All I have to say is that I felt like a kid again and really really enjoyed it. If you don't have any kids, and you have stamina, you can do Magic Kingdom in a day. Make sure to start early at 8/8:30am Enjoy! And wait for the Fireworks at night! it's well worth it.
MAGICAL!!! FUN!!! HAPPINESS!! LAUGHING!!! EXCITEMENT!!! Who doesn't love Disney World. I had such an amazing time here. I wish I had stayed longer. Nothing, but fun times rolling all day and all night. Constant things going on. You spot a Disney Character, you got to get a picture with them. You see a ride you like to go on, you're definitely going on it. You see something you like to buy, of course you're going to dig into your bank account. There is always something going on no matter where you walk. I am certain you will be entertained, excited, and having fun. Certainly the highlights for me was to see the Magic Kingdom castle, be part of the Rebel Alliance in Star Tours, Soarin' ride, Toy Story rides, eating some Turkey Legs, Dole Whip, Fireworks show, and finding all the Disney Characters that I was able find. My main missions were Mission 1: Get a picture with Pluto...Check Mission 2: Get a picture with Goofy...double check Mission 3: Get a picture with Donald Duck..double check Mission 4: Get a picture with Minnie Mouse..double check Mission 5: Get a picture with Mickey Mouse. Check Mission Accomplish!!! When you visit the parks, grab a map and plan out where you want to go. Certainly helps to have a plan of attack. When you get tickets, purchase the fastpasses, so you can cut some of the long lines. Trust me you will thank yourself for doing it. Have your cameras charged and ready to snap. I don't care how old you are. You will feel like a child again. Soak it all in and have fun. It's a magical place.
Top 5 best places on earth? DAMN STRAIGHT. Amazing family fun, a dream vacation at any age. The wait was well worth it. The pools were HUGE and the water park was an adventure. I am a very active person and my legs were throbbing at the end of each day, so there is no preparing for the amount of walking you will do. Animal Kingdom was quite an experience with fun rides and the most realistic safari I have ever been on. Hope to return in the next couple of years.
I love Disney World because it truly is the most happiest place on earth. I always have a wonderful experience when ever I go because the rides are spectacular and Disney is always building new rides like the seven dwarves mine ride, the employees are super nice, the food is awesome and the scenery is amazing. My favorite rides at Disney world are the tower of terror and rock and roller coaster because they give you a rush! If you want to go on the toy story ride I recommend getting the fast pass first thing in the morning because it is one of the most popular rides at Disney.
All the resorts together, are great.  Convenient transport to & from each one.  Parking valid at multiple parks (on same day), something I thought they wouldn't do.  Clean, friendly and you can actually find more discounted tickets for this place than you would with Disneyland (surprise surprise!).
Happiest Place on Earth! Always a magical experience. Disney had the best customer service bar none. I've been multiple time and it has always been a great experience. I recommend going in the fall for the food and wine festival! Awesome samples from around the world and great seminars! The trick to having an awesome Disney experience is to do some research before your trip. There are dozens of blogs and books dedicated to Disney trip planning, take advantage of them. Planning ahead is important! You can start making reservations at park restaurants six months out and book fast passes over 30 days ahead of your trip. A little bit of planning will make for an easy, stress free trip.
Call me a Disney fanatic, but I just can't get enough of Disney! Maybe it was my deprivation as a child (I didn't visit Disneyland until I was 12 years old and I've only been three times since!) or maybe it's because I'm still a kid at heart! We LOVED Disney World - we went there for our 1 year anniversary and it was awesome. We plan on taking our children when they're definitely older to walk, but they still will have the imagination as children. For now, we'll stay on the west coast and enjoy Disneyland, but we'll always dream of WDW...while saving our pennies for another trip! :)
Once upon a time ... there was a place where kids thought imaginary characters are real and came to life.  It was a place where adults who didn't want to grow up could relive their childhood by taking some fun rides and spending way too much money on Disney items.  It was also a place where the crowds were heavy, the lines were long and your wallet got thinner as the day went on. But ya know what?  It's cool. For the past 20 years I've made a regular pilgrimage to this artificial land of happiness and joy.  But each time I always find myself happy as a clam when I come here. As for the parks - my favorites are in this order: Epcot - I just like walking around the park.  It still has a nice, easy going adult appeal.  I don't even bother with the rides that much anymore (been on Test Drive and Mission Space a million times), at this point I simply enjoy the carefree futuristic (albeit dated) ambiance of the front half of the park, and the faux-international feel of the back half.  The food here is still great though.  The Oktoberfest food in Germany and Les Chefs de France in France are both great places to eat.  Even the restaurant in Morocco is great. Magic Kingdom - Walking on "Main Street" with the iconic Cinderella's castle in the background is still awesome.  It reminds me of how awesome I felt when my parents took me here when I was 8 years old.  I'm sure kids still have a blast here.  My only beef is the crowds are demented here so be sure to get here either early, or try to take advantage of the extra magic park hours (if you're a resort guest) Hollywood Studios - I am a movie buff, so I think this is a great park that appeals to adults and kids as well.  While I find the entire park to be dated and the rides need some serious upgrading, it's still cool to relive some of your favorite old movies with the family. Animal Kingdom - It's great that this park is quite new and has some decent rides (Everest, T-Rex, etc), but frankly this park is not that big and doesn't require a full day.  You're better off just getting the park hopper pass and hit this place up in the morning.  I do like the safari ride as it gives you a real cool up & personal view of the animals. I also tend to stay on WDW resorts just for the ease of free parking in the parks etc.  Try to book the All Star or Pop Century resorts if you're on a tight budget, as they work well if you know you won't be in the room much (since you'll be in the parks all day).
The Happiest Place in Central Florida! OK so I took the wife and child out to Florida all of last week to visit "The World" and was very excited to get out of LA. That all ended the second the door opened on the airplane in Orlando. BAM!!! I was hit with this damp, hot air that I havent felt since my last trip to the Phillippines. I expected it but still that shit makes you want to come back to LA really quick! So we buy 3 4-day park hoppers at the tune of $750 to get us through the week which is much more time than we needed to get through all the parks. Here is my run down... 1) Animal Kingdom - SUCKED! My daughter kind of liked it since she was able to see the Pocahontas and Lion King show. The safari was blah! I am guessing it was from the intense heat but most of the animals were hiding in their caves or under bushes so that was basically a waste of 20 minutes. We were in and out of that park in about 4 hours with 3 of those hours spent walking around the park. 2) Epcot - I cant really review the park since I wasnt able to walk around the entire park but my few hours there were memorable. My daughter enjoyed the Nemo ride as well as the interactive show with Crush. The Crush show is pretty cool and very funny and my daughter was even part of the show. We were there for the Princess storybook dinner and my daughter was able to meet and take photos with Ariel, Jasmine, Belle and even Cinderella (who rarely makes appearances anywhere but the Magic Kingdom Castle). She absolutley loved it!! 3) Hollywood Studio - Boring. I'm sure if the thunderstorms didnt start our time there would have been much better. My daughter loved the parade but we were unable to see the High School Musical Show which is the main reason we showed up there in the first place. We were in and out in 4 hours and did not return. 4) Magic Kingdom - Being from So. Cal I have been to Disneyland at least 40 times but I was excited to see what Disney World had to offer. First just getting to the park in the extreme heat was a bitch. You park your car and jump onto a 5 minute tram ride which takes you to another entrance. Then you either take the monorail or ferry which can be from 10-20 minutes plus wait time to get you to the front gates of the Magic Kingdom. If you can get from car to the entry gate in 20 minutes you got there pretty fast! I can tell you first a couple things I liked about it. The wait for my daughters favorite rides Small World and Tea Cups was short compared to Disneyland. The castle was much larger than the Disneyland castle but thats about it. Toon Town (which my daughter loves) is tiny! I believe there were 2 or 3 attractions and thats it. Pirates was closed and the rest of the park was forgettable. I think my daughter had more fun trading pins with all the cast members and eating her lollipop than riding the rides. Needless to say we probably wont be back to this area. The heat and afternoon thunderstorms just put a damper on the trip. Plus for the expense of the 4-day park hopper I could have gotten the whole family premium annual passes for Disneyland and California Disney with no black out dates. For my money I would rather just go the Disneyland and the LA or San Diego Zoo (if you really have to see animals).
We went to the Boo Disney Event, which was a huge let down. 1. For a kids theme you need kids size wheel chairs. 2. The adult wheel chair had no buckle, he had a seizure and fell out. 3. Your staff was rude, and did not notice his birthday button, 4. We missed the first parade as there were no handicap spots. 5. Ordering food from the allergy menu was a mistake, it took thirty minutes for a burger and fries. 6. We only were able to ride four rides in an eight hour stretch. The lines were super long. 7. No wheelchair access on mostl and the the o ex that did we were. It directed to. 8. The guest relations did not want to log my complaint when he fell out of the chair. I am very angry with the whole experience, it was a waste of family time. It was a waste of fun, and a waste of money, 9. The last parade rant thirty minutes late on 10-23-14, again costing us ride time and a spot. 10. My children ages 1,6,8,9 were bored, it was not magical or special at all.
Was there as a child. Memories dim, sick all week. Touched Mickey's bow tie.
Me!  Me!  Me!  That is the answer to the Yelpers who began their reviews by asking, "Who doesn't love Disney?"   Let's face it.  I am a spoiled child.  I have/had family and friends working as Cast Members at Disneyland in Anaheim, CA.   When my daughter wants to go to Disneyland, we get into the park free.  I have not paid to get into a Disney Park for the past 20 years.  There is always something magical about getting into the Disney for free.  I've always wondered how it would be like to go to Walt Disney World.  I recently found out when my family went on vacation in Orlando.  Because I did not invite my family or friends on vacation with me, there was no magic.  As a family of 3, it cost me over $400 for one day with a park hopper option.  We were going to purchase a 2 day ticket, but, with rain in the forecast, my wife felt that one day was all that we needed.  We picked the day with a 30% chance of rain and had alternate plans for the day with an 80% chance.  I really wanted to see Epcot and the Magic Kingdom.   Epcot was nice in the morning.  I liked the different countries.  I didn't like it that it rained on every country at the same time starting at about 10:30 AM.  Because of the rain, we soared through the different countries, and went around the world in record time.  People told us that we needed to try the "Soarin" ride, but, after Soarin around the Epcot world, I didn't think we needed to.  Plus, Disney California Adventures already has it.  I didn't want to ride on the same stuff we have in California.  Because of the rain, we had to seek shelter in Japan, where they served horrible Japanese food.  They did have Green Tea Kit Kats for $9.  But, my saavy Yelp Friend, Maggie C tells me that Green Tea Kit Kats are so 5 years ago.  They did not have the new "bakeable" mini pudding Kit Kats.   The Magic Kingdom is where we spent the afternoon.  One of the reasons why I wanted to come here was to see the differences between Disneyland and Disneyworld.  There weren't that many differences.  Many of the rides were the same.  I did find one big difference.  I didn't have any family or friends here!  How I miss my $400+ dollars!   Who doesn't love Disney?  Me!  Disney was not fun.  Not with it raining almost all day on the day with a 30% chance of rain, and only part of the day when there was an 80% chance of rain.  Not with me having to pay the full price of admission.  I know there are still other Disney parks that I could've visited.  But, I don't plan on coming back for awhile, unless my cast member friends and relatives can get me in.  Only when my family and friends get me in, will there be magic.
It doesn't get better than this! Walt Disney World is the example of the American Dream and the power it has.  This place is beautiful, clean, friendly, upscale and so much fun!
Okay.....So thanks to a glitch in the Yelp system or maybe the fact that I failed to realize I wasn't logged in to Yelp when I wrote my review the first time, I have to rewrite this review....... Here goes nothing!!!! Who doesn't absolutely just love Walt Disney World????  There's something here for everyone... If you're a thrill seeker; I suggest you check out the Tower of Terror or Aerosmith's Rockin Roller Coaster at Hollywood Studios...Or maybe you want to live out your fantasy of going on the American Idol stage....Well you guessed it with the Idol Experience (also at Hollywood Studios), you can do that too!!   Maybe you're an animal lover or you just love everything there is about nature....Well... at the Animal Kingdom you're sure to find something to enjoy!! At Kilimanjaro Safaris you're sure to spot some of nature's wonderful creatures!!!  Interested in heading back in time to dave a dinosaur from extinction???? Well...then Dinosaur is the ride for you (warning if you have ANY and I mean ANY back issues or are prone to motion sickness this ride ISN'T for you)!!! Or maybe you'd like to stroll from country to country, without actually ever leaving the country.....then the World Showcase at Epcot is the place for you!!! And of course let's not forget the little kiddies....I probably don't have to name this park, but I'll do it anyway!!!  The Magic Kingdom has a plethora of rides and shows geared toward the youngsters in your family!!!   Don't have children, or didn't bring them on your trip (shame on you)???  Don't fret there's a number of rides geared toward adults and teens a like!!!  Interested in riding an indoor coaster??? Head over to Tomorrowland and checkout Space Mountain!!!   Like I said toward the beginning of this review, there's something for everyone at Walt Disny World!!!  But if nothing I've said interests you then I highly suggest you visit another "theme park"!!!
This is still a bright, clean, utopian experience.  (And still over the top on all of those as well.)  The old rides are in outstanding shape, and the new rides are smoothly blended in.  Almost everything is mild enough for most people, although some require walking up or down stairs, some may frighten young children, some may physically shake you up some, and some require riders to meet a minimum height for safety -- all of the ones that have non-mild aspects are pretty clearly marked.  There're loads of food options (none cheap, of course) bathrooms, and gift shops and stands throughout the park.  The parades are an absolute blast for all ages, but beware the post-parade crowds -- go with the flow or prepare to battle your way against it.  And the fireworks...Oh. My. Gosh.  The fireworks are absolutely incredible!!!!  (If I could review them alone, it undoubtedly would be five stars.)  They change at least a little every night and are consistently unbelievable. I have two complaints.  The characters seemed scarce except during parades or theme meals.  This was great for my sanity -- I've never been much of a fan of giant, furry characters pawing at me -- but it wasn't so good for my niece and nephew who were looking forward to regular interaction with the characters.  Also, the water from all the taps is a little funky and tastes strongly of metal and smoke.  I don't know if this is the case throughout Orlando, but it definitely seemed to be the case throughout the central Disney properties.
Reading over previous reviews, the common theme I noticed for negativity seems to be due to lack of planning.  This is indeed one of the most Magical Places in the world, IF you plan accordingly.  Having been to all the parks many times over the years, mostly just day trips staying off-property, this January we had our first full-immersion Disney experience, in that we stayed at the Port Orleans French Quarter for three nights, thanks largely to the Free Dining Promotion that reeled us in.  I can't recommend that program enough if you're lucky enough to find it offered at a time you can go.(gotta be able to go off-season, which is better for lighter crowds anyway) This saved the two of us around a hundred bucks a night and we enjoyed some wonderful meals!  But again, this took PLANNING.    Enjoyable Disney dining requires reservations well in advance for preferable times, or to get in at all.    Once we booked our Disney package, we discovered that the magic begins well before you go.  I won't spoil the surprises, but ones do arrive via email and snail mail.  (before AND after your trip...magically cool!)  We also discovered that they have a My Disney Experience website that is a fun way to plan and make reservations.   It's also a wonderful way to educate yourself as to what to expect for rides, counter-service and snack food, etc.  If you know what counter service places sound the best to you before you go, you know where to head when you get hungry.  This was also our first experience with Magic Bands (worked great!), and Fast Passes Plus. We reserved our three passes per day ahead of time, so we never had to wait in lines to get them once we got there. Again, plan ahead!  We also loved the app you can download to your phone, so you can see how long wait times are for rides before you trek clear across a park.  I will never understand why people stand in line forever, when you can just go to something else, and come back later!     I know some folks love park hopping, but with as much time as it takes to get from one place to another (Disney transportation requires time and patience...they're moving tons of people around!),  we prefer to hit up one park per day.  Most bang for the buck, imho.  And it allows time to truly enjoy the magical moments.  Like running into the Marching Band and seeing children dance to their music, watching a show outside the Castle, walking by Mary Poppins signing an autograph, having a Cast Member wish you a happy birthday, stepping back in time to the childhood joy of a carousel ride or spinning in tea cups, getting a bear hug from Winnie the Pooh, that first bite of Mickey's chocolate/sprinkle-covered rice krispy treat...well, I could go on and on.  (sigh, it really IS magical)   But maybe the most important thing to keep in mind is that as magical as it all can be, it's not perfect.  It can't be.  There will always be crowds of humanity of varying types. Patience and a stealth ability to dodge folks who think they're the only ones in the park and that walkways were made for them to block are necessary skills to have. Plus we all have different likes and dislikes. There's no such thing as a ride that everyone likes, a restaurant that everyone loves,  or an endless period of time that is devoid of mishaps. Disney does an admirable job catering to so many different types of people, so many different likes and dislikes, and making it all accessible to everyone regardless of mobility issues....from tame to thrill seeking, funny to serious, interesting to no-brainer fun, Disney World really does offer so much for so many. I'm ready to go back already!
There is a reason they call it the happiest place on earth. Everything here is top notch. It is easy to come back here multiple times a year and never get bored with it. The "Cast members"  here are always friendly and go out of there way to make your stay enjoyable. I really enjoy the extra Disney touches such as the magical express and shipping items bak to your hotel that you buy in the gift shop. Disney is also always adding and improving there attractions. The parks are also always very clean. The bus, boat and monorail service is also always great and there is no reason to have a car if staying on the property. Disney sets the standard in theme parks.
How can anyone NOT love Disney World!?  This is the happiest place on Earth!   I bring the family here once a year for vacation and we couldn't be happier. After 10 years we have never had a bad experience. Sure it can be hot, but it's Florida so that's to be expected.  The lines can be long, but Fastpass helps cut your wait time down. For the amount of people that visit these parks every day, Disney really does a great job of bringing the wait times for rides to a minimum.   All 4 parks have something everyone will love. The parks and attractions are always clean and customer service it top notch throughout the parks. The employees are always pleasant and nice. The attention to detail throughout the parts is just amazing. The resorts are great. Even the older resorts are always clean and well taken care of. The bus transportation is convenient so you don't have to drive to each park and sit in traffic every day. If you want to eat at any of the restaurants, make sure you make your reservations well in advance. The more popular restaurants get booked months in advance. Even after coming here year after year we always find something new to see and do. This place is just amazing.
Happiest place on earth! You can easily spend a ton of money here, but you will be happy about it! They have everything down to a science. The bus systems for transporting guests to and from the parks and the WDW hotels, the underground trash system inside the parks, and the forever-friendly staff are all so impressive. I will never be too old to come back to Disney!
I have been coming since I was 3 months old! Born in 72' so almost since the opening. And I have seen it grow since then. It is literally the happiest place on Earth!!! I can never get enough of this place!!! Simply the best ever!
Tower. Of. Terror. Do it like 66 times, then leave. Kids suck.
The parking is far....make a note of where you parked. We left after the Electrical Parade at night & had to wait a long time for the trams due to the full capacity of the park. Many rides that are in California, but the differences were apparent. Overall we had a good time.
Disney is the epitome of a family vacation - kids can run wild. Who hasn't heard of Disney? I can't really think of many grown adults. Their operations have expanded outside the US to Paris (EuroDisney just doesn't cut it) and Hong Kong (a bit too small for the true Disney universe vastness) more recently. If you have ever been, there will have been something of which that you will always have a fond memory. 2 things that stuck out to me was the racing car ride which I remember vividly going round and then lining up immediately after to go again. I'm sure my parents thought I was crazy but I did it 3 or 4 times in a row!! And again the next day! lol Space Mountain and the log flume ride were also where it's at! Someone told me that you need to go to Disney at different points in your life to get the full and true experience. Once as a child, once as an adult and once as a parent. Can't wait to visit again.....
This is my heaven on earth, no matter how old you are this place instantly transforms you back to your childhood days. Every child's dream is to go to Disney world, why? Because your basically walking through a fairytale every step you make. No matter how many times I come here I always enjoy myself and the rides never get old. The fire works at the magic kingdom are breath taking & the parade on main street is beautiful.  Can't wait to bring my kids here!! Always leave with tears in my eyes...see you soon
I'm a crusher of dreams, a cynic. Was I ever a child? Maybe not. Bypass Disney World, head over to the cheaper Universal Studios. Unless you, like a million other people, know someone who works there and can score free tickets. (I've never paid to go there, and never would).
Majorly annoyed that we paid $100 to enter park and stand in REALLY LONG LINES for attractions. Magic Kingdom has more food and memorabilia sales places than rides - why don't you make the park more for enjoyment than additional sales Disney? The waitress at Liberty Tavern tried to short me $20 change.  She said she was in a hurry counting them pulled out a $20 knowing we were exactly $20 short - and she had a really bad attitude throughout our meal (the food was really good though).  To start, we had asked for coloring menus and she told us she was "too busy" to get us any but she would see if someone else could get some.   The tram broke on our way over to the park - so we spent an extra long time just getting into the park AND I find the fact that they charge an additional $15 for parking an exploitation - no need to charge them when we are all spending $100 each/day for the opportunity to buy more overpriced food and merchandise (because standing in an hour long line to go on one ride is not my idea of fun). The fast pass system seemed to work although you have to stand in ANOTHER line to get these - and then do it on Disney's schedule.  And, a fast pass does not guarantee you get to skip any line - in fact - you're probably going to stand in a 10+ minute line even with your past pass (and that's during "off-season"). There was some island you could take a wooden ferry to - and one of the docking stations that could ferry more patrons over was closed.  So, again, Disney could have prevented more long lines and chose not to. The Magical Kingdom castle also had a CRANE parked next to/in it - so all of our Magical Kingdom photos involving their most popular iconic castle are ruined with the construction crane in the shot.  We wanted to try to go in the castle but were constantly refused because of their shows and parades. And the outside roller coaster in Liberty square was closed as well - no explanation.  Lots of construction around the park without any reasoning for patrons who are paying the same amount of those who will get access to these rides for the same price (yet we were not provided access or the ride). Most of the rides are old and tired.  Still same old space mountain and small small world.  Yes, they are nice - but with the gross overcrowding at the park - even during off season - Disney should build some new rides and attractions so people don't spend $100 ticked off all day!!!  Especially when things break (such as their tram) and their staff try to steal from their patrons - overall - VERY BAD EXPERIENCE!!!
This one place worth going back to time and time again. Well organized and if you have the right app on your smart phone it will let you know how long the waiting lines are for the rides you want to go on. Great place for kids and adults, there are so many things to see and do you will run out of time. Before you depart on your trip to Disney try and preplan the things you want to do and see. Go to the disney web site it is very helpful.
I am 14 years old and I willingly go to Disney as often as I can.... I've been 12 times (I didn't go when I was like 2 months old, and one year my sister was just born and my dad broke his leg so we decided it was better to stay home) it is my favorite place in the whole world, and I've heard many people say to me that I'm too old to love Disney or whatever and I lecture them on my obsession with Disney, and how it's a lifestyle that I will NEVER grow out of!  I love Disney more than anything!
My favorite place. Live in colorado, dream about Disney world I've spent about a month here over a period of years, I wish it were more. BEST with the kids, expensive but worth it. The Summit something, best waterslide ever. Splash mountain repeatedly in the morning. A fowl leg. Space mountain, the best. A stroll through the wonder... I miss you. Didn't mean bring up Disney, thought this was going to post in Fla. Yelpube
Disney World truly is the happiest place on Earth.  Disney is a place that quickly melts away the burdens and worries of the adult world for a short time. For the those of us who have a child like heart, it's freeing to be able to wear Mickey Ears without anyone staring at you weird. Even while waiting in long lines, it seems that people smile more, the place sparkles with cleanliness, and the service is amazing.   Disney World is made up of four main kingdoms (Epcot, Animal Kingdom, Magic Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios) all requiring a separate entrance fee, unless you have park hopper tickets.  You definitely need at least a day to experience each park.  It's hard to only choose just one or two.  Each Kingdom has its unique specialties.  It's also not easy on the wallet.  We definitely don't get to experience Mickey Mouse magic for free.  It seems each year like the wallet gets hit harder. I have been several times, and it never gets boring.  There is always something new to explore. It's also a great place to take a diverse group of individuals as there is always something for everyone to enjoy. It's the perfect place to celebrate something special.  Miss you Mickey!
I have been a long-time fan and annual passholder.  The rides are smooth, well-themed, and the park is always clean and fresh.  Every park has gluten free food that I can eat and the manager's always make the food themselves and bring it out themselves.   Every park has its own unique personality and there is something for everyone and every age.   I have been to countless amusement parks and no one does it better than Disney.
Walt Disney World is certainly the Magic Kingdom. We enjoyed visiting every time however the crowds and he can sometimes be too much. I realize this is not under full control of Disney, however we did feel very strongly that at this visit the staff characters attending two people riding rides were much less attentive and friendly then they have been in the past. We hope they revisit the Disney Institute and relearn the overly friendly and perfect forever memorable service that they use to achieve.
I can't even start!  What bad thing can you say about Disney World?   SAVE your money and go to Disney!  Stay away from all those (Universal) who try to compare!  DISNEY has and always will be the premier theme park! Will be back!
5 stars is an understatement. Being a young Mommy I was very proud that at 26 I paid to take my family on our first vacation and DISNEY WORLD at that. I did a lot of research and even made a itinerary binder to make sure my family had the most magical time possible. We stayed on property at the All Star Sports Resort and I must say to my surprise its very reasonably priced being that it is on Disney Property. The Free shuttle to and from the theme parks were a big bonus so no rental car is necessary. As a kid I grew up on the poorer side so Disney World was only a fantasy in my heart that I never dreamed would be a reality for me. When I took my boys I had several emotional moments watching their face lite up and it felt so surreal. It was perfect down to the last detail and the shows are all amazing. Watching the fireworks once the parks close, holding my family.... I can not describe the feeling. Thank you Disney Word. We will see you again soon!
So much better than Disneyland! I'm from southern California, and this is my favorite out of the two theme parks. Disney had a vision, and it reaches its full potential in Orlando! Fun for everyone, whoever you may bring!
I love Disney!  This place is HUGE and it's wise to come here for more than a day.  Lines can get crazy long though. But lots of the lines have sprays to spray some water on you during the wait. You can't compare this to Disneyland.  They're just different.. LOVE LOVE LOVE
THINGS TO TAKE WITH YOU TO DISNEY WORLD PARKS: 1. Small snacks ( this is imperative if you have small children or are cheap like me) 2. Sunscreen. I don't care how dark you are, you are going to need it. 3. Lots of cash  (the park nickel and dimes you for just about everything) 4. Ponchos (There were random thunderstorms six out of the seven days my family was here. We were there the first week of July) Most of my spare change was spent on eating while at Disney World. We had a seven day pass and was able to skip parks at random. The most remarkable park to me was Animal Kingdom and Epcot (If you go to Epcot, check out the international restaurants they have and drink the German Beer, you won't be disappointed!). The others were nice as well. If you are an adult and not a Disney fanatic like me without children you will grow tired of all the kiddy rides though. Some exceptions were Expedition Everest, Space Mountain, A Bug's Life, Tower of Terror, and the Rockin Roller coaster. We stayed at the Shades of Green and had shuttle service around the different park including Downtown Disney. Downtown Disney is okay for adults but nothing spectacular, though they do serve decent drink at bars there. It was a fun trip for the most part and my first time at Disney World, but I don't know if I would go again. Maybe if I have children one day I will change my mind.
I visited Epcot. I fell in love. I really really really enjoyed Disney World. I plan to bring my future progeny here every chance I get. We will eat at every restaurant in the park and frolic among the flowers. I look forward to those experiences!
Wonderful days with wonderful people!
This review is about the Fast Pass Web site.  My wife and I bought season passes for Disney World and went there for the weekend.  Friday evening I went on My Disney Experience and set up my Fast Passes for the next day.  I was able to reserve all of the rides at the times that I wanted.  The Web site is so screwed up that at the end it earsed all of my listings and told me I had to start over.  Since we had to go to dinner I tried to do the FP's when we returned (two hours later).  I attempted to schedule the FP's but one of the rides were available until late at night.  I even called for assistence and was told there was nothing anyone could do, that all of the FP's had been taken.  Long story short, the Web site is so convoluted that whoever designed it was probably also the company that designed the ObamaCare Web site-unbelieveable.  As teriffic as everything elses is at Disney (I've been going there for 20 years) the FP experience on that Web site is very, very dissappointing.  Really, a beginner Web designer could have done better.  Grade: F-
I've been many times, as a teen and a adult. I've stayed on and off the property. There is nothing like staying at WDW, if just for the free parking pass alone. I highly recommend if you have kids to rent a car or drive in, so you can come and go as you please. I hate waiting and with crying tried kids its 10 times worst. We caught the bus from our hotel to the park once and that was one too many, its really that bad. The meal plan is also something I highly recommend, the prices are outrageous but you really want to get a good breakfast in you before you start your day, so get the meal plan, trust me. There is a McDonalds down the road maybe 5 min drive from WDW, if your using your extended hours and want a late night bite to eat. They have pizza delivery to your room but have we never ordered. When planning a trip to WDW think about what you want to do, you must have a plan before you even book, they have so much stuff going on year round you might not want to get stuck with a bunch of schools or other meetings taking place. Take into account that you will want to go to the Magic Kingdom twice you really will its so much to take in and do. Disney is great at telling you what's going on take a weekend to look over their website and really look. We went one year for our daughter's birthday and had balloons delivered to our room. You really can make the most of your trip if you do a little research first. You would hate to get there and find out something was going on after the fact. Things happen, I've had some stuff that was not the best happen to us there but guess what, people are human mistakes happen everywhere keep that in mind. Over all it's a fun trip and everything is in one place, I get lost easy so this is the perfect place to do a lot without having to travel far.
Great park for families to visit full of something for all ages recommend staying in the park resorts to take advantage of the free transport between all attractions, Downtown disney is a great highlight with shops movies and great food and an overall great atmosphere highly recommend To watch out for is booking fast pass attractions last minute rides like the 7 dwarfs are sold out of fast passes weeks in advance and the line is between 60-120 minutes Avoid the parks between 12-3 the hottest part of the day the crowds are huge and people make it hard to walk around (plenty of people blocking traffic) Overall good but a few things could be improved for a truly magic experience
Overrated.  The first time I went, I loved it but subsequent times, I felt ripped off.  I would probably have more fun at a cheaper  park.  You're definitely paying for the name.  It wasn't that great, but I suppose it's one of those things people feel they must experience. Don't plan on spending several days there.  One is more than enough.
I have yet to meet someone that has had a bad experience at Disney. That is a testament to the meticulous planning and execution that goes into the everyday experiences at "The Happiest Place on Earth" A place that is truly fun for all ages. I keep coming back, because no matter how many times I see the parks, there's always something new. I am a big fan of the Annual Pass. If you live in Florida, you can get a resident discount and after your first visit, it pays for itself. Not to mention the additional discounts you get with it. Now, if only there were designated cell phone charging stations around the park..... Thank you Walt and Mickey for another wonderful weekend.
Disneyworld is to Disneyland what Shaq is to an oompa loompa. Disneyworld is just heads and shoulders bigger, better, and more grand than anything else. It's impossible to see Disneyworld in one day. You need at least 3-4 days to see the Animal Kingdom, Epcot, Magic Kingdom, etc.. that's not even counting the 2 water parks and themed hotels they have there. I want to go back already just typing this. I could tell you all about these parks, but I'll just end up booking a ticket to Florida if so. Oh, and if you take a significant other to Disney World make sure you also check out the Bahamas / Miami / Virgin Islands while you're there since it's just a stone's throw across the Atlantic.
This place is magical. Disney World was one of the highlights of my vacation this past week and it did not disappoint. I suggest going there early. While my family and I parked our car around 8am, the lot was already filled with impatient people waiting for the tram. The tram drops you off to the ticketing area and from there you have to take another mode of transportation (monorail, ferry, or bus) to the actual theme park. Beware - Disney World no longer has the FastPass system. It's been replaced by FastPass+. I didn't know this until the night prior to my trip here so it's handy to do some research on how it works beforehand. The My Disney Experience app definitely helped get into some rides immediately. A bit confusing, but you'll get the hang out it. If you go in the early hours of the day, chances are you'll only have to wait maybe 20-30 minutes for a couple of rides until afternoon when the park starts to get real crowded.  Unless you want to meet Anna and Elsa. That's a good hour/hour and a half wait right there. But totally worth it. You'll be in awe. One downside to this day was that it rained. Be prepared. Carry an umbrella or a poncho. Even if you think it's sunny outside. This may even halt some rides. Luckily, if you have a FastPass+ to a ride that stopped, you might get another pass to some other rides. Another downside is Disney World is  definitely expensive. And when you're in the 'Disney moment', you'll want to buy as many souvenirs as you can. A really great tourist trap really. My only regret was being caught up wanting to take the rides and not truly appreciate the surroundings. We went through Fantasyland to make our way out and I didn't even notice that they had a section dedicated to Tangled - lanterns and all. I was so sad that I didn't notice it during the day. So when you're here, take the time to really look at everything. Other than my little complaints, Disney World is amazing. Just be patient and enjoy yourself!
It was cool. I'm glad I went but I wish I would have checked out more of the other parks since it was SO similar to the original and I have been to that one a thousand times.
How could you not love Disney though? Considering the cost of an arm and a leg for admittance into this magical place, it better be good. I had sky high expectations and it lived up to every single one I had set for it. I was not in the least bit disappointed! Let's put it this way: I wish I lived in Orlando, just so I could purchase an annual pass and visit whenever my heart desires. During my stay I was already dreading my last Disney filled day, and never wanted it to end. We did the entire, and I'm talking full-fledged Disney experience. All 4 parks plus the two water parks. And I still want(ed) more. If only I could live in Cinderella's castle. Hmph. I've been converted into one of the biggest Disney fans, and I adore Mickey more than I ever previously have. I have a Mickey tumbler to prove it to you. If you're thinking about going. Don't think. GO! It's nothing short of spectacular.
Loved it. The kids loved it.  The grandparents loved it.  It was truly a wonderful place and we'll be talking about our Disney memories for years!  I would say 5 stars, but I was a little disappointed in the bathrooms.  They are pretty outdated and kinda gross.  I know it's a theme park, but it's DISNEY!  Can't they imagineer some swanky potties?  Other than that, I cannot say enough about the magic of Disney World.  A perfect trip for families!
The only bad part is having to leave
How can you come here and not give it 5 stars? It is magical from the moment you get into the resort. It was still as magical coming as an adult with my children as it was when I was a child! Everything is done with such detail and you just cannot find things like it anywhere on earth! I will say that a few of the workers were rude, but even with that it didn't take away from where we were and what we were able to experience...just don't leave your pocketbook at home!!! :)
First timer at Disneyworld and I'm having a magical experience. During my stay here I stayed at the All Star hotel and although it's a little small, the service here is absolutely on point! Besides one bad experience at the lobby cafe everyone here at Disney are pleasant and happy people! I can't wait to come back!! After, of course, saving tons of tons of money! Even though I had great fun, I must say it is an  expensive experience. Be sure to be ready to spend money at almost all the Disney stores throughout Disneyworld!  Not all the stores carry the same thing so you may want to look in every store if there is something particular you are looking for :)  Also, in winter it does get cold in Florida so be sure to bring warm clothes! While here for 10 days the lowest was below 30 degrees and the highs 60s. So if you come from a warmer state, be sure to keep cozy! If there is one thing I highly recommend it's the Magic kingdom firework show! We got really good views of the fireworks by reserving a table at tomorrowland terrace dessert buffet. It was seriously front row seats! Also, don't forget to catch the electric parade! It's truly a magical experience!
The parks get 4-5 stars each. Some hotels are 5 stars while some are 2 or 3. Restaurants range a bit too. But the overall experience on my most recent visit averages out to about 4 stars - mostly because we had to stay (due to booking issues) at a value resort. Had we been at a deluxe or even moderate, I might be able to say 5 stars. But I've been a few times now and I can appreciate that the whole place isn't perfect. It is, however, pretty fantastic. I'm someone who doesn't like to do the same types of trips over and over, so it'll be a few years before I consider returning to WDW, but it definitely will happen and it will definitely be magical.
They don't make billions of dollars for nothing.  These parks are well maintained and simply beautiful.  With a hefty entrance fee (we paid 250 dollars for 2 day park hopper and 15 a day for parking) there is lots to see. Here is my quick breakdown of each park: Epcot: with a section for each country (Mexico, China, England, Italy...etc) you can experience food/drinks from around the world. Tip: go to the stands within each country and order small plates so you can try more cuisines. Each country has one ride where you can learn about the culture. Overall, the rides in this park are more educational.   Animal Kingdom: It's like a zoo with rides.  For the thrill seekers, get on the himalaya rollar coaster.  The African Safari allows you to see many animals at once. Magic Kingdom: kids will probably love this one the most because it's the classic Disney park.  There are tons of kiddie rides and characters. They have a daily parade and fireworks which is really quite a show.  For the thrill seekers, check out Space Mountain!  Note:  This is a "dry" park.  No drinking.   Magic Studios: This is their "movie themed" park. They have lots of shows you can go to like Indiana Jones, American idol, etc.  For the thrill seekers, check out the Tower of Terror and the Rock and Roll rollar coaster.   Downtown Disney: Outside of the park and open til late at night; there are a lot of themed restaurants and bars.   TIP:  Download the "My Disney Experience" app prior.  All maps are loaded and they tell you ride wait times.  This was very helpful as we could plan and navigate to rides in the most efficient way.  Also, try to plan your visit on an off peak times.  We went in early November and experienced little to no wait times even without the fast pass.
Yes, I am biased.  Just like my mom says I have drunk the Apple kool-aid, and can't say anything bad about Apple, I love Disney and can't image giving them anything but 5 stars. WDW is an amazing place.  Anyone can be a kid here ... you just have to let yourself enjoy the moment.  You can find almost anything your heart desires.  I love going to Epcot and walking around World Showcase.   This visit I got to experience The Flower and Garden Festival. Amazing.  We learned information that we will be able to apply to the house when we move.  The volunteers even gave a number for the extension office in SoCal so when we have more question, we have a handy resource. If you stay on property, there is no need to leave it until you go back home.  I am counting down until the next visit ... yes, it has already been planned.
Had so much fun !! Everything is expensive but worth it , my only complain is that some staff members were a bit rude but you get that everywhere.
This has got to be one of those places you must go at least once in your life, kids or adults. Disney World is a huge park with 4 main theme parks, water parks, an expansive downtown disney, and interactive arcades. They have quite a few resorts within the park that you can stay at. Once you're in the Disney area, you can ride the WDW buses to get from one spot to another pretty easily. You can definitely easily spend a whole week here.
Man what can I say, this last trip to Disney World was just frustrating. The Fast Pass system was basically broke and the park is over crowded and feels more crowded due to longer wait times. The fast pass system limits you to 3 uses per park...even if you have a hopper.  Which means you have to use your Fast Passes in ONE park, although you have access to 4. That made planning the day tougher and forced you to pick a ride or two you didn't necessarily want to use it  on.  On top of that, if you had special pass outside of a normal disney ticket or failed to link your ticket to your magic band, you were out of luck and had to wait in line at a kiosk to sign up for fast pass. Meaning you got HORRIBLE Fast pass times on TOP of the time wasted waiting. It took 3 days to finish what I was able to accomplish in 1 last time.   The park was clean as always and the people working their were fantastic except that nobody knew the proper rules on the magic bands, fast passes, guest passes, etc. This system cost us to spend more, accomplish less and feel like our day was wasted as we stood hours for a couple rides. I honestly can't say I'll be back anytime soon after my last experience, especially with the increase in price. When you did use your Fastpass, you did get on the RIDE immediately.  I felt this actually made it worse because instead of filtering more into the fast pass and make it more equal the regular line suffered.  So although we were able to quickly experience 3 rides...The time gained was quickly lost on the next ride. ProTip: You can't fast pass Test Track and Soarin...So you are forced to wait in the long line no matter what making this new system even more useless. 2 stars mainly b/c Epcot is still great for drinking/eating and the park is clean/welcoming
woo hoooo disney! Epcot sucks.. why is disney so expensive? had a good time though.
Fun day, but left a little disappointed. Not even close to the most magical place on earth. Good detail, takes you back to some disney classics, but you are better off spending your money over at universal. Old, dilapidated,  and antiquated. Check out downtown disney though, have a great selection of shops and restaurant. However, if you do find yourself here, get a turkey leg and a cookie fudge sunday. Best buys in the park.
This is our 5th time (I think) at WDW but my first time with only my husband and self. I have to say by far the best vacay for couples. We rode every ride available and ate and drank (Epcot) till we could no longer stuff ourselves further. I have a gluten allergy and I was a little hesitant to visit amusement parks. With that said Disney goes above and beyond to accommodate food allergies, whether that means calling the chef for verification or a visit from the manager at the food kiosk. I was able to eat to satisfaction and did not get sick one time. Thanks Disney it truly made my dreams come true.
I love Disney and I love Yelp and what better way to celebrate these two loves than by celebrating my 900th review with a review on Disney World. This was my very first visit to Disney World and I have to say it lived up to all my expections and more. As a Southern Californian, born and raised, I still prefer Disneyland to Disney World, but this place definitely holds a special place in my heart now.We spent a week here in May to celebrate our anniversary. We visited all the parks several times and got the opportunity to enjoy some fabulous meals at some of the hotels on property as well. The entire experience is made that much more magical if you get the opportunity to stay on property. Every part of the experience is enhanced with the customer service that Disney is known for. Shuttles were timely, service was impeccable, food was delicious and how can it not be when most of it is shaped like Mickey Mouse, the rides were magical and every moment spent here was filled with laughter and smiles. Come here with an open mind and heart and enjoy being a kid again. Every person we encountered contributed to making our anniversary vacation that much more special and I am already planning our return to this magical place really soon.
This is the happiest place on earth! My wife & I look forward to going to this place every five years! Everyone is so friendly. Transportation is so convenient. I cannot wait to take our son here when he gets a little older.
I confess. I am a Disney nut. I love everything about the company. I love sports so I love that they own ESPN. I love comics so I nearly had a geekgasm when they bought Marvel comics. When they bought Lucasfilm to own Star Wars and Indiana Jones, I did have a geekgasm. I grew up with Disney. Some of the best times of my youth were our family vacations to Disney in Florida. Since being an adult, I have been back a number of times. This has always been the ultimate family vacation. We have always had some sort of fun. Disney just connects to me on an emotional level. So much so that I nearly cry each time I pass those Magic Kingdom gates on the road. So, it was with great joy that we planned out latest family trip to Disney. It had been five years since our last so this would be the perfect time. We would take our 11, 7, and 3 year olds. The stay is at Disney's Port Orleans Riverside. All the reviews and word of mouth was high on this. So, all was good. We always go during off season. Free dining was a plus and so end of September and we planned for the light crowds and lightly attended Tuesday version of Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party. Well, let me say this, there is apparently no longer an off season in September. I hadn't seen crowds like that since the one time I went during peak season. We went in September before. The crowds were light toward the end of the month. Pretty much why we did it again, this time. Not so much, now. Not sure where the foreign tourists were from. They were Spanish speaking and filled many of the parks the entire time. But it was certainly some country that had holiday in September. Many of them seemed to have poor manners, as well which didn't make the experience any better. I guess they don't teach manners in that country contrary to other groups of foreign travelers who seemed the complete opposite. All that said, Disney has upped their game on ride experiences. No doubt there. New Fantasyland is great. The new Circus town setup is really great. I had no idea that is what they were doing with Mickey's toon town. But it is a big improvement. Some of the technology improvements are great as well. The Magic Band system works really slick. I like the concept and we were in the testing for it. So, big ups for that. Much better than some of the old world tech they have used over the years. Also, the MyDisneyExperience app and site is a big plus for planning and scheduling ahead or on the fly. These are big pluses as you can schedule and change Fast Pass + experiences through the app. So, here is the reason for 3 stars. As I said, I have been here many times. One thing always stood out. Customer service! We were always treated like royalty at Disney. Whether we stayed at the Polynesian premium resort, the All Star when we didn't have a ton of cash, the Caribbean, or even off site. Boy, have things changed. Shockingly so. So shockingly that the only reason for two stars was free dining and nostalgia. Disney seems to have forgotten how to treat their customers. From the concierge at Port Orleans Riverside to the rude and obnoxious people at some of the Epcot rides and experiences. Even some of the dining areas were a huge letdown this time around. I was just so disappointed with some of the ways we were treated and some of the things that are being done there. It really has pretty much knocked me out of my Disney addiction for now. I use to tear up when we left. This time, for the first time ever, I was really happy to be leaving and going to a city like Savannah Georgia for a few nights where they actually know how to treat people. I am still quite upset spending money on this trip. It was never something I regretted on our other trips but I have been hearing for years that their service has been going down. That some of the employees fall way short of what it was in days gone by. Well, I can tell you I will not be back for a long time. With 3 kids and animals that need boarding back home, the cost of Disney is enough for a good down payment on a car or some furniture. In the past I wouldn't hesitate to spend the money on what Disney has to offer. After the some of the obnoxious and rude cast members, this trip around, maybe not so much. Actually, after writing this review, it ticks me off even more and I AM going to change that 3 star to 2. This trip felt like I had an old friend just totally ignore me and treat me like garbage.
Well, I had fun. Yes, for adults, it's probably only good for about 8 hours of entertainment, but what do you want? An amusement park is meant to provide quick and cheap entertainment, and the Magic Kingdom has that in spades. No, you won't find enlightenment, and you may lose more money than you planned, but you probably should have expected that coming in. I enjoyed the rides, and the scenery is wonderful compared to smaller, dirtier parks. Not nearly as much litter, and Disney makes room for foliage so you can sit down in the shade and rest. That becomes quite important in the Florida sun.
I was so disappointed with the service here. First, Disney isn't  accommodating to disabled people. We went and requested an accommodation because someone in our group has a disability.  You get unlimited fast passed at Disney, although you start with 3 and then have to go wait in line to get more which takes a lot of time in sun and left on feet. We requested an accommodation that would  allow the disabled person to schedule all fast passes at once so we could plan day. (recommend by the sales person at the gate) This would allow the disabled person to rest and keep out of heat and limited walking and standing (most fast passes are 4 to 5 hours out, the accommodation would allowed the disabled person to actually do everything everyone else in park could) The service representative at city hall in the magic kingdom was so rude. She judged based on looks rather then actually following the law Americans with Disability  Act. She immediately asked what the disability was and why we needed the accommodation which is clear violation of A.D.A. She denied it because we weren't willing to tell her disability specifics. We gave her requested accommodations and that the disabled person is legally disabled. She said this accomadation is meant for physically disabled. Which again she judged by appearance. He is disabled and is very much physically disabled.  We also made a request for a scooter she again said no. She said this was for elderly and people with mobility issues. She said they could bring a wheel chair. Which wouldn't have worked because our person wouldn't have been strong enough to do wheel chair. She again made the entire situation very uncomfortable.  She judged based on looks and wouldn't accommodate because the person in question didn't have visible disability nor was he 80 years old. The only way we could get scooter is rent one. Although, elderly person walked up too the associate beside us and just said I need scooter and no questions were asked. The person got right on walkie talkie and called for it.  Later, we witnesed two people being treated badly because of disability and the park unwilling to make accommodations. The first person was a child. They were watching Elsa fireworks at Hollywood studios. The person directing people stay off paths told the parent to keep moving. The chair just barley was over line and people were passing just fine. The guy said keep moving.The parent asked where could go with child. The guy said" You just can't be here, keep moving" The consumer asked to speak to manager.  The guy calls over this lady who was also keeping paths clear. He said this" guy wants you to call security before he moves child from pathway". The woman walks up and immediately tells the father and the children they are being kicked out of the park. The kid in he wheel chair starts balling. The woman is screaming back and forth with the  father at this point. She calls police over. I couldn't believe how rude people were too this family. It made everyone around uncomfortable.  Instead of helping find the handicap child a place to view the fireworks they just said move. The park has NO reserved areas for fireworks or stage performances at main stage. The child clearly wouldn't be able too see with everyone standing around him, while he is stuck in wheel chair. The lady came over in a power trip and made things worse by yelling. The park should have offered an accommodation rather then just saying move it and then when manager said GET out! The father said they were discriminated against all day.  Last thing we noticed at the end of the night an older woman with two broken feet balling on her husband's shoulder on the way into see fantasico Mickey show.  They have disabled seating but wouldn't allow chair to go into seating area.The worker made her get out of chair and walk to seat.  She was requesting staying in chair while  watching show.They wouldn't allow her. Which made no sense too me. Yes, you have seating but you don't allow wheel chairs to be taken to disabled seating??? Aside from the discrimination. People were so rude. We were in the tower hotel and they were showing a small creepy clip before going up in the library. Some kids were laughing and the attendant said be quite.If you want too talk I can show you the 0llldoor. There was nothing magical about Disney world.90% of all the staff was either rude or just standing there repeating themselves with a dull faced expression. I expected all workers to be happy and trying to make kids feel like the best experience in their life.  After all kids dream of going to DW. This turned out to be a nightmare rather then making dreams come true. The only reason they got 2 stars and not 1 is all the shows and characters went out of way to make things special. Clearly, Disney World has lost sight of Walt Disney's dreams come true idea.
The most magical place on Earth! I hate when people bash Walt Disney World, especially when they've never been... I don't think you can talk about this place if you've never been! I hate big corporations. I hate McDonalds. I hate Wal-Mart. I hate Mobil. But I love Disney World. Why, you ask? Well, perhaps because I have a history with it. My parents went on their honeymoon here in the early 1980's, and ever since I was a baby we've gone here as a family. When you go here, you really do become a child again! One reason why I think some first-timers don't have a good trip is because they go to Walt Disney World without doing any research. Getting a good guide book will save you lots of stress, as you'll know what to expect. You'll know what the crowds will be like during your stay (and which parks are most crowded on which days of the week), which rides have Fast Passes, which restaurants are best and which you should make reservations for in advance, etc.
If you've never been to DW before then just know that it is HUGE. Specifically it has a total acreage of 30,080 acres and is the most visited Theme Park Resort on the planet. This resort opened its doors in 1971 with the Magic Kingdom Park (Similar to Disneyland, but with Cinderella's Castle as the main icon.) The Resort is made up of 3 other theme parks and 2 Water Parks. That's Hollywood Studios, EPCOT, and Animal Kingdom as well as Blizzard Beach and Typhoon Lagoon. They also have several hotels ranging from what they call "Value Resorts" on up to their "Deluxe Resorts" which like their restaurants definitely require reservations extremely far in advance. There is also Downtown Disney which is made up of many shops and restaurants including a movie theater, a bowling center, and an arena for their Cirque du Soleil show. Their House of Blues (with a menu designed by Aron Sanchez of Chopped fame) also features many music acts that can be seen by purchasing tickets either from the HOB website, Ticket Master, or the HOB Box Office. Without getting too much into the logistics of the Resort (you can obviously check out Wikipedia for more info) I'll tell you why I'm not a huge fan of this place.... THERE'S TOO MANY DARN VISITORS! Obviously not really Disney's fault, but the amount of people present really does make the experience less enjoyable. I'm well aware that this particular Resort serves the whole world (pun intended,) but I've witnessed great change over the years that proves worse and worse by the year. This happens by making the existing lines for most desired areas much longer all the time... there seriously is no lulls at the parks. Now some of the hotels are different in terms of their dining options. Doing your research before considering your vacation is highly recommended! There is a bevy of information on this Resort in the form of books, web pages, apps, etc.
You can't compare Disneyland to WDW. Theyr'e different parks, otherwise it'd be called the same name, just like chain stores and restaurants.  We still manage to enjoy ourselves at both parks.  If you can't be happy about pretending to live thru a 2nd childhood, then don't waste your money. Stay home and watch ESPN, soap operas, and reality shows.  Disney parks are all about fantasy.  And there will be tots all over the place, so if you don't like kids, stay home.   This is the largest of the Disney Parks (Paris, Tokyo, Anaheim, Orlando and Hong Kong) with 25,000 acres (the size of San Francisco).  Walt Disney invested well way back when land was cheap.  The rides are not exact duplicates of the original, Disneyland.  But, if you look with different eyes, you could say some of the rides are improved in some ways compared to the old outdated rides and they have newer rides, like Toy Story. The Cinderella Castle is so much taller and statuesque than Sleeping Beauty's.  Lines remain long for everything and fast pass makes the difference between being able to ride a popular one vs. never riding it because of the ridiculous wait time - 80 minutes.  It's even worse with the newer rides - hours.  We take advantage of the extended hours while staying as a Disney resort guest - you get special wrist bands past closing hours or before opening hours to get in early to the park to ride.  We stayed one Sunday evening until 1:30 AM (park closed at 2 AM for hotel resort guests) and there were no lines, no waits longer than 5-10 mins.  It was worth it.  But, unless there are several new rides over the next few years, we probably won't make another trip back soon and put up with the thunderstorms, heat (some days were over 100 degrees) and humidity.
I LOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE WDW! It's my most favorite place ever. I could go their on vacation every year and never get bored of it!
Great place to take your young or old child! The hotels are fabulous and the rides are outstanding. The workers are very nice and very helpful. If you have kids be sure to keep them by you at all times. This place is always packed and there are people every where. The most amazing part of this trip would have to be the fireworks show in the magic kingdom. There are many more amazing sites but this topped my favorites list. If you want an inside scope on Mr. Walt Disney, visit the Walt Disney Museum in Marceline, MO. This museum is very interesting. Marceline is where Walt Disney spent some of his childhood. Anyway, I highly recommend Walt Disney World! Amazing place!
I'm sure you are all wondering where the heck I have been.... if you noticed the lack of sarcasm in your friend feed on Yelp.... I was busy galavanting in the "happiest place on earth" also known as Disney World. I gotta give it to the staff at Disney, they make sure you get everything you need and have the upmost positive attitude to turn any frown upside down. I don't know that I could be "on" 24/7/365, but somehow these people either love their jobs, are insane, or get paid really well.... I'm gonna go with the love their jobs bit - even though I'm not sure how they handle dealing with the public and screaming children all day long in the hot humid sun. We only had one day in Disney World so we hit the ground running at 8am, and stayed in the parks until they kicked us out past midnight. I love Disney World! There is so much to see/do that its overwhelming! So why only four stars right? I didn't like that I had to take a shuttle from park to park. The parks were TOO big. I know that sounds like a stupid complaint, but wasting 20 minutes when you only have one day (come on dudes, its like $130 to get a park hopper pass for one day, I certainly can't afford two days!) was kind of a bummer. You had to wait for the bus to come, then you had to wait for everyone to get on, then you had a bus ride to another park. It was efficiently run, but it was a lot of time wasted. I like Disneyland better because you can just walk over to the California Adventure side and you don't have to wait for a bus. In any case, I met lots of characters, I went to the princess breakfast with Snow White, Cinderella, Belle, Aurora and Jasmine, and I also went to Cinderella's dinner with Prince Charming *cough gay cough* Lady Tremaine, Anastasia and Drizella. In the park I met Chip and Dale, Goofy and Stitch. We went on a couple rides, saw the Electrical Parade, watched Fantasmic which featured some of the villains (my fav) and pigged out on junk food. It was amazing, but I don't know that I would go back to this particular Disney park. I think I'd stick to Disneyland in L.A.. Tip: They have free wi-fi in the park so you can use the Disney app for Disney World which shows where certain characters are in the park, when parades start, when shows start, and what attractions you may want to check out. It was very useful!
I've been to WDW at least once a summer every year of my life. We would drive down from MD and stay on property, and I love everything about it. Here are some tips for first timers, or people looking to make the experience better. -Buy Birnbaum's guide and listen to what he has to say -Stay on property. It is more expensive, but its worth it. It allows you to immerse yourself in the experience. -Don't go off property. If you're doing a Disney trip, surround yourself with it. Use their transportation, stay on their property, and enjoy the atmosphere. It is another world. Save Universal, SeaWorld, and downtown Orlando for a separate time, or at one specific end of your trip. -Bring fans and hats, and ponchos/umbrellas if you're there in the summer. It will rain everyday at 5pm for about 15 minutes. And it will be humid. If you're a parent  with kids obviously summer is the time you can go, and that's fine. Plan for lines. Read a guide to the park and figure out how to minimize your waiting using FastPass and learning the times of day. Growing up I never waited longer than 20 minutes even for the big attractions. If you can, go during the off season though. Parts of January and early March are fantastic visiting times with low crowds and the best weather. Just as a side note, too, though, I have noticed a decline in the service. I used to expect and receive only the extreme best customer service and care at Disney. From everyone from the hotel managers to the housekeepers to the in park cast members. On my last several visits though this standard has not been met in the form of rooms not clean upon arrival, and a less than welcoming demeanor from customer service representatives. I am sad to see this happen, but it certainly isn't enough to deter me from visiting and staying. Disney is not just for kids, nor have I ever felt smothered by other people's children there. It was a wonderful experience that is worth putting some money and planning into.
Being a SoCal native, I get to visit Disneyland every weekend. I have the bicoastal pass for Florida and Anaheim, so my visit to Disney World is a nice change, in that I feel that I am on vacation, and get to experience more Disney but in a different setting. They are disable friendly, and accommodate all people, including those with dietary needs.  I like staying on property, so I don't have to rent a car, and when possible, I sign up for the Dining Plan, so I can just enjoy my vacation, and not worry about paying for anything once I am there, except my souvenirs. Disney knows how to take care of the tourist, and make you forget about the outside world.  There's a lot of places they can improve, but they do have Starbucks in MK and Epcot, so that's heading in the right direction.
Went on a band trip a few week  ago. It's Disney World--if I had to pick one word to describe it, I would use "uplifting". Everything about the place is so happy. I'll break it down by destination. Magic Kingdom: Disney at it's finest. Magic Kingdom was packed, but getting there early and using FastPasses, I never had to wait over 10 minutes for a ride! Wow! Highlights included Splash Mountain, Space Mountain, and Mickey's PhilharMagic. The fireworks on Main Street were a perfect way to end the night. Losers included the Stitch show, which was just horrible in every way, and the Monsters Inc. was really for 10 year olds and under. Downtown Disney: Fun experience, a lot of shopping. Rainforest Cafe was horrible, but shopping was pretty fun. Prices weren't terrible, but weren't great, either. Stop by the Ghiradelli ice cream store for a cool, tasty treat. Epcot: Epcot has okay attractions--Mission Space was very fun, but the ride inside the ball (can't remember the name) was terribly boring. The countries are awesome to tour around--I could easily spend a day here. The fireworks during the night are better than Magic Kingdom--UNREAL! Awesome! Hollywood Studios: Rock'n Rollercoaster is so fun, it might be the best ride at Disney. I didn't ride Tower of Terror this time, but it's a must if at Disney. I wanted to go on Toy Story, but the FP wait was 10 hours and the line was 90 minutes. The Great Movie Ride was alright, and Fantasmic at night was very very very cool. Must see. Disney is such a happy place, it's like all of your worries vaporize. I highly recommend it. FastPass it up and you shouldn't even have to wait.
For the world's most amazing place here it is. But it's all about who you go with so choose wisely.
I love this place more than anyone can know because I moved all the way from Texas to not only work here but to live and play near the park! I am blessed to work in the weddings department doing cakes for them which is my passion, but also being able to work for Disney because I am one of the biggest Disnerds i know! I love almost all of the parks, but I can say the one I am least fond of is Animal Kingdom, honestly it is just a big zoo with a big tree in the middle of it to me, and the only real exciting thing is the safari ride and the fact that they have the Yak and Yeti restaurant which is pretty good. My favorite parks are Epcot and Magic Kingdom! I love the whole property because even if you aren't paying to go into a park there is so much to do from the driving experience, mini golf, downtown disney, shopping, water parks, many awesome restaurants, entertaining resorts to go look at with each their own specific theme, golf courses which my husband loves, great shows, and a several story arcade! There is much to do on property that I don't know how long it would actually take to experience everything with all there is to do, along with the special events like Star Wars weekend, the holiday parties, and other events they have going on throughout the year! We have been here 2 years and are both cast members and yet to have experienced all the magic that Disney holds for guests. I love that even at our age that this place can still inspire imagination and bring about magic for anyone of any age. If your a kid at heart I think this is the place for you!
Whether you have fun at Disney or not is actually subject to who you go with, and not entirely about the parks itself. Crazy thinking? Perhaps, but I've been MANY times and while I usually have a nice time at the parks, it's usually because I'm having fun with the person I went with. I'm a big Disney fan, though I think Walt would be disappointed in many of the changes, especially changes in customer service. Last week I had a very disquieting moment at the Plaza ice cream spot in the Magic Kingdom. While waiting in line to get my ice cream, one of the women (older) working the register turns to a younger woman on her register. "How many hours you got next week?" "Ugh, seven." "I got too many hours next week, I don't want 'em! Ugggh this last half hour is going to go SO SLOW..." What the hell? Not only is this unacceptable in ANY business, but it's APPALLING to have this happen at Disney World. Walt would be rolling in his grave! And sadly, this isn't as infrequent as I'd like to think. Many cast members just weren't that interested in speaking with guests. They clumped up and gave off the vibe that they just wanted to talk about what they were up to that weekend. SUPER disappointing. Other spots where Disney is losing its touch: - The merchandise is ALL. THE. SAME. It doesn't matter what gift shop you go into. It's literally all the same crap. It's poorly made crap from China, too. That wonderful Villains En Vogue store at Hollywood Studios? Gutted. It's now hosing mostly vinylmation now. - The prices keep going up, up, up every year but the quality is going down, down, down. - The rides need updating asap. The resorts could also use some Disney magic, but it seems as though their top dollars are going into the DVC resorts, which is a shame. - This is where I'm probably going to get slammed for potentially fat-shaming. Be aware that I am not. But the scooters have gotten so bad that I'm definitely going to be renting a car next time instead of taking the free Disney transportation. Each scooter takes away six seats from other people. Each bus was loading up about three scooters each. It was frustrating to be standing around in line with horrible, bleeding blisters on each foot for about twenty minutes. And then the bus would come, and a scooter and their family would roll up literally right before the bus got there and get on immediately and then I'd end up having to wait for another bus just to repeat the process. They seem to rent those things out to everyone, including teenagers who just want to whiz around the park all afternoon. Leave them for the people who need them! - The Halloween party was not worth the extra $70. It was basically paying $70 to have an extra few hours in the Magic Kingdom, just with a Halloween themed fireworks show and parade, and to have access to Halloween merchandise. :\ Things I still love: - EPCOT food and wine festival. One of the best events I've been to. It's a blast. - Free dining! This makes a large difference for us. We love the free dining because we still love the Disney restaurants. - New Fantasyland was a lot of fun! The new Little Mermaid ride is exactly what I want to see from the parks in the future. - Nostalgia factor.
Disneyworld is absolutely magical. I was 18 when I went to with my family and was absolutely sure I was going to hate it, being the angsty teenager that I was. Oh, how I was wrong! Right off the bat I was taken in by the alternate universe Disneyworld seemed to have been trapped in, a magical, mysterious place where dreams really do come true, for a certain fee a day. Out of all the parks and attractions, I especially liked Downtown Disney (for the older crowd, prepare to be carded at the entrance to many establishments here), the Rockin' Rollercoaster and The Tower of Terror. We stayed at the Caribbean Beach Resort which was absolutely brilliant. The whole vacation was a magical and beautiful adventure and I can't wait to go back and at some point in the future, bring my own family and children there.
My children enjoyed the Disney World.  We drove from Texas nearly 1200 miles during our spring break and it worth the trouble.   A magic moment before they turned into teenagers.  My children wanted to stay there little longer.  If I rank the Disney Park, here is my ranking: 1.  Disneyland, Anaheim, California 2.  Walt Disney World, Orlando Florida 3.  Disneyland Paris, Marne-la-Vallée, France 4.  Tokyo Disneyland, Chiba, Japan
Love it. Love the layout, love the cleanliness, love the deals on hotels + passes, love the fake-friendlieness of the people working there.  Love it. Going back next year.
White glove Disney vacation experience.  Everyone is outgoing and sweet. They will do anything to make it right if an error is made. Something for everyone. My mom to my 4yr old all have enjoyed the shows to the rides. My favorites are the food and wine festival and garden show held annually.
Went here as a child and it was exactly what you want as a kid. Stayed about an hour from the park, and as you arrive you are greeted with an amazing staute of Mickey and Minnie. Loved the park, the weather was great. There were no cues when we went which made it even better! it is sooo big, you can't get it all in a day. So make sure you have a few days to get around
Only 400 something reviews huh? Hmm what can I say about Disney World? If you've never been here before then you're certainly missing out.  This place is worth all the hype it deserves.  It truly is a magical place.  Despite being in my early 30s, this place did make me feel like a kid again when I last visited in September 2012. As the name designates, Disney World is not just a place or a singular attraction, it is a world.     It was fun to experience Disney World as a post 21 year old, as drinking my way around the world in Epcot Center was a fun pastime.  I can't wait until my daughter is around five years old, so we can go back and I can see the excitement of Disney World through her eyes!
What can you say about Disney World that hasn't been said a thousand times before, in a hundred different languages? It is a magical place. Their attention to detail is unmatched, and wherever you go - there you are, whether it's Japan, on safari, under the sea, in space, or on a runaway mountain train. You'll pay for it, but if you can, it's more than worth it. There's a million rides, four top notch fireworks shows every night, and a restaurant for every age and taste. Nowhere else really compares.
Happiest place on Earth until the train breaks down... the monorail that runs between Transportation and Ticket Center (TTC) and Epcot broke down on our last day at WDW. There was no back up bus to take guests directly to Epcot. After running around and asking the staff at the information desk, who knew nothing & didn't care to help us at all, we had to take a bus to Hollywood Studios, then transfer to another bus for Epcot. Overall, we wasted an hour just to get from TTC to Epcot and missed our dinner reservation that we booked weeks in advance. This was my 1st visit to WDW and I loved it but the transportation problem mentioned above really bothered me. Everything at WDW shows that WDW pays lots of attention to details so I can't believe that they didn't have a back up plan for situations like this. Fastpass & extra magic hours (only if you're a resort guest) are awesome!! Great dining choices. Every park is very clean. Wear comfortable shoes & lots of sunscreen. My WDW favorites: ~ Dole Whip at Aloha Isle (Magic Kingdom) ~ DiVine (Animal Kingdom) ~ Meet the characters (all parks) ~ Lion King show (Animal Kingdom) ~ Expedition Mt. Everest (Animal Kingdom) ~ dinner at Boma (Animal Kindgom Lodge) ~ World Showcase (Epcot) ~ Fantasmic show (Hollywood Studios) ~ Wishes Nighttime Spectacular (Magic Kingdom) ~ Celebrate the Magic (Magic Kingdom)
Whenever an improvement wouldn't help the bottom line, this place is aggravatingly inefficient. If it ain't lucrative, they'll be lazy about it, like an hour+ just getting in the damn place to try to spend more money. As a NY cynic I had to bite my tongue during our entire visit...
OK.  I love this place.  I always have.  When you come here, prepare to be a kid all over again. It isn't cheap to come in here at $95 per adult ticket.  But it is Disney. Food in the park is not cheap either and reservations are needed to most restaurants offering much better than fast food for all intensive purposes.  WIth that said, though pricey, even the faster food types around the park are not bad.  Keep in mind that later in the evening, say after 9 PM or so, Cosmic Rays over in Tomorrowland are one of the few normal (not requiring reservations) restaurants in the park still open.  Just be prepared to pay for some food and beverage.  If anything, you will want to stay hydrated on these hot days, especially the kids!  Bottled waters can be found for $2.50 and it goes up from there. Now onto the good stuff...   The park and the rides.  Here's my list: - Space Mountain - People Mover - Carousel of Progress - Buzz Lightyear - It's a Small World - Haunted Mansion - Thunder Mountain - Bear Jamboree - The Hall of Presidents - Jungle Cruise - Smith Family Robison's Tree House - Pirates of the Caribbean I highly recommend the parade, after dark due to the lights involved.  it's a must see.  Having just seen it for the first time or at least the first time in a very long time, the fireworks display around Cinderella's castle is a must as well. I am sure there are others but those are the tops in my book and worth the effort to get to them.  Don't miss out. You'll have a smile on your face all day here and will remember what it's like to be a kid again.  Make it a point to come here if you have not before and come back even if you have.
14406ple3l41jxfcybymn8gp…
Okay yes this theme park is for kids.. but not really. there are a few adult thrill rides (space mountain, splash mountain, big thunder railroad). the reason i like this park is becauase when you are here, you truly do feel like a kid. this park is clean, the employees are extremely friend. people dressed in character really do portray their role. when we went to Universal Studios, the trashcans were overfilling with trash and some of the employees didn't seem like they enjoyed their jobs/wanted to be there. the parade during the day and the electronic parade at night were both very good and entertaining. if/when we have kids, they are coming here! also, the nightly fireworks display is probably the best fireworks show that i have ever seen. very coordinated and lots of fireworks.
An unbelievably magical place! I went with my friend, and we thought it was going to be aimed mostly at little kids, but we had the time of our lives! There are so many rides, with new ones cropping up all the time, but my absolute favourite was the Tower Of Terror, an Elevator that drops 13 floors, it literally lifts you out of your seat! There is so much to see, one day in each park is simply not enough! We were lucky, as we went over the 4th of July period, and there was free entry on that day, so we could use the day left on our pass to go again. An incredible holiday for children and adults alike!
For someone who is a frequent visitor to Disneyland and California Adventure, the size of Walt Disney World can shock and awe. At least, until, reality sets in. Unlike the California version, you can't walk between the parks. You'll need to rely on driving yourself, shuttles, ferries and, maybe even, magic broomsticks. To me that translates in wasted time in between parks. Food for Disney is on par for cost, expect to pay out, unless you bring your own. I was craving a smoked turkey and a Dole whip soft serve. The smoked turkey leg didn't taste so smoked. Or do they not do the smoked turkey leg...just turkey leg? But, the Dole whip soft serve, which can be found at the Magic Kingdom, was FAB-U-LOUS. My only highlights were the souvenir pennies I collected, the Disney pin collection that I started and the Dole-whip soft serve that I inhaled to cool down in 85+ degree weather with high humidity. Oh...and I finally saw Epcot Center. It looks like a giant golf ball. The end.
Walt Disney World is amazing. If you are a Disney fan, or just someone who likes going to theme parks without the fear of gang bangers and chipping paint, WDW is for you. With their four main parks, two water parks and Downtown Disney's shopping and club scene, WDW has the unique ability to cater to everyone - from families to couples, teens and college students. Additionally, if you have not been to the resort in 5+ years I would highly recommend another visit. Disney is amazing at refreshing old rides (like Spaceship Earth's new interactivity) and adding in ridiculous new attractions (like Expedition Everest.) Now being from California and a former Disneyland Cast Member, I feel like I should comment on the timeless "which park is better" argument. My opinion: they are both awesome. WDW is able to provide the grandeur and vastness that Walt envisions for his parks. However, there is still something comfortable and intimate about DLR. As for direct ride comparison, I personally prefer Haunted Mansion, Everest (is that even competing with Matterhorn?), and the Kali River Rapids (vs Big Bear Rapids) over their DLR counterparts. However Pirates, Space Mountain and Indiana Jones (vs Dinosaur) are superior in Disneyland. Bottom line: go, book a vacation and just go. We went in May and the parks were pretty empty / the weather not too humid yet. Tip of advice: stay on property, utilize Disney's Magic Express from the airport and above all get the dining plan!
Happiest place on earth hands down!! My personal favorite rides are: Rock in' Roller Coaster, Tower of Terror, Space mountain, Peter Pan, Jungle cruise, Fast Track, Matterhorn Bobsleds, Star Wars, Mad Tea Party, Finding Nemo's Submarine Favorite Shows include: Beauty and the Beast(its just the story, but come to life), Finding Nemo (Amazing puppetry; never seen a show like it), Lion King (Great Acrobats), The Little Mermaid (Best enjoyed in the summer-- it rains in you and it's ice cold inside)
Love Disney, but during NYE time, yikes! What was I thinking?? Went on new years day, as new years eve was apparently "Category 3" meaning 'WE FULL, GO AWAY!'.  When I spoke to one of the lovely check out ladies at the park when I was buying a souvenir for my mum back in Australia, she said it was like a sardine can and made the right choice for seeing the NYE fireworks someplace else.   Would've loved to go on the rides, but half of them was a 90min wait, managed to get a few in.  It's still a magical place!
I was a first timer at Walt Disney World but I have been to Disneyland. It was a magical experience but there were a few let downs to say the least! I liked 3 out of the 4 parks and the worse part is that the one park I didn't like is the bread and butter of Disney World. Magic Kingdom Magic Kingdom: I was so excited to come to this park after my experiences at the other two (Hollywood and Epcot). After seeing all the hype on TV about Magic Kingdom I had high expectations. Perhaps that was my problem? When we first got there the parade on Main Street was fantastic! Enjoyable for all ages, trust me! Then my boyfriend and I went to Tomorrow land first. BIG MISTAKE! We didn't mind the rides (except the monster laugh floor one. What is that about?) When we were hungry, all food places were closed; this was consistent through out the park as well. The two places that were open was some cafeteria in tomorrow land and the lunching pad. After waiting, 35 minutes in line (there was only 2 hot dog options on the menu!) we were frustrated and just left to the cafeteria. My boyfriend ordered a turkey sandwich and I a hot dog. His sandwich was literally ICE COLD. If you had sensitive teeth, there was now way your chowing that thing down. My hot dog had like 80% bun and 20% hot dog, the hot dog wouldn't even fit in the dang bun. After that we decided to go grab a treat at one of those treat stands with sundaes. We ordered one hot fudge sundae and a caramel sundae. Hot fudge sundae was PERFECT! My caramel sundae? A dang disgrace! I had more whip cream then ice cream and no joke, 3 dabs of caramel sauce. I might as well of ordered an ice cream cone in a cup. Other then these reasons Magic kingdom was still just so so in my opinion. However, that was the start of our magic kingdom experience and it stuck with us all day.
Went there with a group of friends and stayed there 2 weeks it was amazing that place is age less and magical the food was great the parks were incredibly fun and the hotel was awesome the weather the whole time we were was amazing there cant wait to go back next summer
So much fun and lots to see and do. Wear extremely comfortable shoes and expect to go over your budget and you'll have a great time.
Being that I am from Los Angeles, I got to experience Disneyland before going here. I expected to be blown away by all the extra stuff they supposedly have to offer but I wasn't. It is pretty much Disneyland seperated into smaller sections to make you stay there for a few days and visit each park on separate days. If you have been to Disneyland, DO NOT go to Magic Kingdom because it is exactly Disneyland, but if you haven't go been to Disneyland, go there! Your kids will love this place though, regardless of anything. I stayed at the Port Orleans French Quarter and the rooms were very nice! There's no need to stay at anything more expensive and closer to the resort because there are free buses that take you everywhere throughout the whole day. I love the whole scenery of Disneyworld, it is a much more nice looking place when compared to Disneyland or any other resort. Everything is so green here, it's in a forest! I also didn't like the Florida hot and extremely humid weather with random thunderstorms that will rain for minutes and suddenly disappear. Remember, I am from LA though. But it's also cool because you can wear a T-Shirt and shorts at night! There is a pretty lively nightlight here too. There are many clubs for the adults when you put the kids to sleep! Make sure you catch the two dancing guys on stilts, they are pretty cool. I didn't have the time to check out Cirque du Soleil's La Nouba though. =[
It is a little kids paradise and a parents hell.  We were here to celebrate our son's 5th birthday and he had a fantastic time. At any point of the park if you ask they give you a special button for first timers and people celebrating special occasions, like our son's birthday, and every "cast member" that passes you screams out, in our case, "Happy birthday".  Again it was awesome for him. The weather was nice and the park during the week wasn't as crowded but still the lines were unbearable, the food was mediocre at best and the pricing for entrance to the parks is just highway robbery!!! We ended up spending close to $200 for 3 adults and 1 child on a character breakfast...seriously some mini waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, grits w/ gravy, cereal, oatmeal, a quiche, and fruit....no  omelet station or any specialty items, just things you could make at home for FRACTION of the price.  Was it worth all that just so my kid could hug Mickey, Pluto, Daffy, Minnie and Goofy for a second more?  Um I don't think so, but alas we were celebrating a BIG birthday so emptying my wallet to the Disney Gods was in order. Once inside the park I was surprised to see that they didn't really jack up the price for water bottles and soda...The food prices were a bit on high side, we would spend no less than $50-$70 for lunch, and I'm talking burgers here, and about $150 plus for dinner. They did have nice "baby stations" for any kind of infant baby needs.  But the rental of the hard plastic strollers are way overpriced!   We were here for a week and made it to 3 out of the 4 parks they offer, Magic Kingdom was the most desirable to visit but Epcot wasn't too bad and neither was Disney Hollywood studios.   I was warned to make reservations ahead of time, like 3 months in advance and it did pay off but for the most part we were able to get a reservation for same day or a for a couple of nights later.   Surprising there were no rude guests, I think the Mickey police were out on full force making sure there were no rowdy guests or line cutters. Which I appreciated but I think the pricing tactic of Disney is designed to keep the riffraff out IMO. We definitely won't be making this an annual thing...how the hell do people do this EVERY SINGLE YEAR?!?!  And sometimes even twice in a year?!?!?  But we will be back when our other kid is old enough to enjoy it themselves.
We only spent 2 days here whilst visiting relatives in Florida, but it was the best 2 days of the holiday. Day 1 was spent at magic kingdom, where our daughter got to see her favourite disney princesses, and the 2nd day was at animal kingdom where we did an African safari. We needed way more than 2 days and only got to see a fraction of the place, but not sure if we could afford to spend longer there as everything is very expensive!!
You have to love Disney World. You're powerless against it. I'm no stranger to Disney World and after my fifth trip here, I fell in love all over again. With that being said I have a few things to say. 1.) If you bring an infant to Disney World you should be pushed off a cliff. 2.) If you bring a kid too young to remember Disney World (1-4 roughly) you should be pushed off a cliff. 3.) Your child has these things called legs. I don't know if you know this but they are made for walking. If you insist on pushing your children around in strollers all day you should be pushed off a cliff than pushed off another one. Unless your kid is disabled in some way, there should be no strollers. Ever. Other than that, Disney World truly is magical. If you go at the right time of year, you'll be enchanted.
How do you sum up this place in one review? It's not easy. Disney World is somewhere you MUST visit. It is a place that you can enjoy no matter what age. Child or child at heart, it's a blast. You can really customize your vacation according to preferences and budget. You can: -Go on rides that are more like experiences, not a simple 30 second joy ride at Six Flags -Go on fast, thrilling rides -For the less brave traveler, go on tamer but still fun rides -Eat! You can try cuisine from different nations! -Eat your favorite kid friendly foods or enjoy the fine dining Disney has -Shop! Disney has stores everywhere -Have a spa day -Sail a boat -Lounge by the pool -Go to the water parks -Parasail -Listen to live music -Dance -Bar hop -Leave your kids to be babysat and enjoy a date night -See fireworks and parades -Meet your favorite characters -See movies -Make memories You can do that and so much more. Your vacation is what you make it here. You can make it your mission to wake up early and get on every ride, or you can be lazy. I met college kids going for fun, couples on their honey moon, and seniors just going to enjoy themselves. As a teenager I had a blast, and you will too. I have some tips if you are heading there soon: -Bring clothes you don't care about and can handle the rain. It will be sunny one second, and then down pour. My dad had to put his sneakers in the dryer every day because he didn't want to wear flip flops. Mistake! Bring your own poncho, or better yet a rain jacket, because they charge you an arm and a leg. -Sunblock! My fair skinned mom got burnt from just walking around the parks. -Make your dinner reservations early (months in advance) and consider a dining plan to save money. -Bring what supplies you and your family may need, because they will charge double or triple for your neccesities, like advil or the $5 dollars I spent on 10 tampons when you could get 40 of them for that price at a Walmart. -Find out what parks have Magic Hours so you can get on your favorite rides early without the wait, and do a little bit of preplanning each day so you can get what fast passes you need and enjoy your time better. Other than that, be prepared to have fun!   Disney keeps you coming back, because they always have something new and its a very nostalgic place. You see the characters you loved as a child, and your parents get to join you in the fun as they watch you grow up. One day you will probably take your kids there, and you will love making more memories.
Who doesn't love Disney World?! Where do we start as HUGE Disney fans!? Well, Magic Kingdom is a great park for the little ones and thrill seekers. Splash Mountain is a fantastic thrill seeker ride, while they have rides that cater to those who are interested in smaller rides likes Dumbo, Haunted Mansion, Pirates, etc. Epcot is our favorite park! Fantastic food from "around the world," good rides, and the best park to drink in for those of you who are interested in a more "adult time." Animal Kingdom has the awesome Mt Everest roller coaster and water ride. It feels like a smaller park, but it's great for the first park of the day. I advise visiting the jungle cruise first, as all the animals are usually out in the morning and you can do that whole park in a few hours. Last but not least is  MGM Studios (or Hollywood Studios is the new name)! Rockin' Roller Coaster and Tower of Terror are Disney's most popular thrill rides...they are almost always busy so be aware and get a fast pass ahead of time!
Walt Disney World is great! I'd never try to do it without a veteran of the park, however. The place is immense! Hooray for Walt Disney and the realization of his grand ideas! The lines were short -- we didn't wait for more than a half an hour for any ride -- of course, we went in May before school let out and vacations kicked in. Staying at one of the resorts in the park is highly recommended and make sure you plan to spend nearly a week - there's so much to take in! One park a day, take a break sometime during each day (go back to the resort and hit the pool or take a nap) then head back to the park for evening! Take the family, too.
I've always loved anything Disney. But yesterday was awful. Lines were 1-2 hours long. We did three rides. For the prices we payed horrible.  Those magic bands were not working everytime I was on line to pay for something just my luck there was someone there with magic band and the system was down. I won't be visiting no time soon
Excellent, brilliant, fantastic, amazing. What more can I say? We had a great few days going around Disney. The kids had a great time. Yes you have to queue unless you get Fastpasses (recommend) but them again, you have to queue virtually in all theme parks. Longest we had to wait was 20 minutes that was without a fastpass. You will enjoy and adults! You will become kids again
The long-standing question: What's better, Disneyworld or Disneyland? Really, it's hard to say.  Disneyland in Anaheim, CA is where it all started, and the classic original rides and attractions are here.  I have many childhood memories from Disneyland, and still a little giddy whenever I visit  here as an adult.  But as Anaheim, and the rest of that part of Southern California has grown, the expansion of Disneyland for more attractions, and maybe even more parks is limited. With the huge availability of land, Walt Disney had a seemingly unlimited amount of area to fully realize his dream.  First time visitors entering the complex will be overwhelmed by the immense coverage of WDW.  Those who would frequent Disneyland in So Cal, but are first time visitors to WDW, will also be overwhelmed by the size of this place, yet will seem so familiar.  As we drove to our destination theme park of that day, what impresses me is the amount of green grass and trees throughout WDW.  Not only from the well-planned landscaping, but also from the frequency and volume of rain that falls in Orlando. During the summer months, the weather is hot and humid.  If one is concerned about appearance, visiting WDW this time of the year may not be for you, as you will sweat.  Each day we brought with us several bottles of frozen water into each of the parks, so we can enjoy the relief of sipping cold water during the day. Rather than try to park hop between parks each day, we limited ourselves to one WDW theme park a day. Day one: Disney's Hollywood Studios (static4.px.yelp.com/phot…).  The theme of this park is focused on movie making and special effects.  Primarily a lot of shows.  Rides featured are The Tower of Terror, Star Tours, Aerosmith. Day two: Magic Kingdom (static4.px.yelp.com/phot…).  This park is what Disney is all about.  Out of all the WDW theme parks, this one has the most rides.  Probably the most popular park of WDW, as evidenced by the number of visitors.  Smaller in scale to Disneyland in Anaheim, but the layout of the park is very similar.  Came here again on the night of day Six to watch the electric parade and light show. Day Three: Outlet shopping (see yelp.com/biz/prime-outle…) Day Four: Epcot (static1.px.yelp.com/phot…).  A very fascinating, and well thought-out park.  Theme of this park is focused on technology.  Attractions such as Test Track, Soarin', and Mission Space are featured here.  The biggest attraction is the World Showcase, were different countries are represented in the individual pavilions. Day Five: Wild Animal Kingdom Park:  Wildlife from different parts of the world are feature here.  There are Safari rides and animal exhibits here.  For rides, there's the Kali River Rapids, where you'll guaranteed to get soaked (not just wet), and Expedition Everest. Similar to the Matterhorn in Anaheim, only that there's a 150 foot drop. Day Six: Typhoon Lagoon:  One of the water parks in WDW.  This one has lots of chutes and slides, as well as a huge wave pool.  A great place to cool off from the heat! Day Seven: Blizzard Beach.  The other water park in WDW.  Snow mountain theme.  As with Typhoon Lagoon, there's a lot of chutes and slides, but this place has a slide with one of the world's steepest drops. Those cynics don't like the commercialism of the Disney World, and the surrounding area would probably won't like this place.  But for me and my family, it was a great time for us spend as a family, and to form many happy memories for my daughters.
Disneyworld is amazing! I went when I was 13 and still got so much of a magical time out of it. The parades were fantastic, the rides were great, the queues were short (not what I expected!!). I loved the whole American atmosphere, everyone was friendly - even at 13 I still enjoyed meeting all the characters. I even cried when I had to leave. I would go again without hesitation despite the cost!
Had a fantastic time at Disney.  It was the first time I'd been since I was a teenager.  My wife and I brought our 5 year old daughter for her first visit.  We all had a great experience. I've been reading the negative reviews and find them all to say much of the same things - parks are expensive and crowded.  To that I'd like to say... AND?  Yes it's pricey - it's Disney!  There are tons of options of things to do inside the expanse of 4 theme parks, 2 water parks and miles of entertainment complex.  And yes it's crowded - it's the most popular theme park on the planet.  There are people everywhere - it's just the way it is.  And if you choose to go in the "slow" season, which may or may not be slow, understand that this is the time Disney does much of it's work and some things may not be available. Doing Disney well takes some planning - if you don't plan, the odds of you being disappointed will be much greater.  Someone lamented you can only get one Fast Pass at a time - not true.  You may pre-book 3 Fast Passes per day.  Once at the parks, you can use your Fast Passes, then when you've exhausted those, you may go to a Fast Pass kiosk and get one more at a time.  You cannot use two of them on certain major rides - such as Soarin' and Fast Track at Epcot, on the same day.  You may do one or the other, but not both concurrently.   Downtown Disney is currently undergoing some major work, so be prepared for difficulty parking and maneuvering as the work in the old Pleasure Island area and build a multi-level parking garage.   If you haven't been since the advent of the Magic Bands and Magic Cards, you don't know easy.  The bands are the best - put them on and maybe never take them off while you're there.  The only issues with the bands is it is difficult to maneuver your wrist into the proper positions for certain things; i.e. trying to use it when pulling into the Animal Kingdom Resort gate - I found it easier to take it off to put it against the band/card reader.  But they are tremendously convenient.  You don't need a credit card or anything when you leave your hotel; simply use the band/card to charge everything to your account.  EVERYTHING is linked up. We stayed at the Animal Kingdom Resort - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  It's a bit pricier than some properties, but waking up to zebras and giraffes outside your window can't be beat.  Staff there is uncommonly friendly and helpful.   We did park hoppers for 5 days, did Animal Kingdom first day (eat breakfast at the Rainforest Cafe - it's better than you'd ever imagine!), followed by Hollywood Studios in the evening.  Second day, we did Magic Kingdom; had the Princess breakfast in the castle early, then did some of the park,  took a break, then went back for Chef Mickey that night.  Chef Mickey was the lowlight of the trip - food is subpar, it's just a buffet and not a good one and we waited an hour and a half to finally have Mickey come back for a meet and greet and photo op.  Just as he got to our table they did the song where the characters dance, then Mickey disappeared.  We had to ask to have him return for the obligatory photo and autograph.  It's a lot of money that could be better spent elsewhere.  Third day we started at Hollywood Studios (do the Toy Story ride/game!), had the lunch at Hollywood and Vine with the Disney Jr. characters,  then went over to the Magic Kingdom again for the evening and had the Be Our Guest Dinner - without a doubt the finest meal we had there; food was excellent and the Beast was a gracious host!  Fourth day was Magic Kingdom again, with the evening at Epcot.  Day 5 was Epcot with another princess breakfast at Akershus Banquet Hall, then we went around the world with our princess getting the stamps at all the world KidStops - it's a great way to keep the kids interested in a place that's really more for the big kids than the youngsters.   We went the week of Memorial Day, but started our trip on the Tuesday after Memorial Day - good choice.  We hit the parks on the least crowded days for the most part - Hollywood Studios was never truly exceptionally crowded, Wednesday at the Magic Kingdom has to be the best day of the week to go.  Epcot wasn't crowded at all while we were there.  Still lines for Soarin' and Test Track, but that's always.  Our last day at Magic Kingdom was that Friday and it was getting busy... and hot.  Good thing we weren't there on the weekend.  We only got really rained on hard one day, though is rained 3 of the 5 days there.  The other 2 days of rain were just drizzles or short bursts that stopped soon after they started.   Didn't do Test Track, but did get to ride the new 7 Dwarfs Mine Train.  It's tighter in the car than many rides, but the ride itself is fun.  Thunder Mountain railroad is probably still my favorite ride at Magic Kingdom.
Disneyworld never disappoints me. Everytime I come which is once in a blue moon we I always stay at a Disney Resort. They have transportation to pick you up from the airport drop you off to one of the few Disney Resorts. 9 years ago I stayed at the "Disney Sports Resort". This time is the movies resort. Living in California of course there is a 3 hour time difference between them both so getting use to the change will eventually happen next time around. The transportation will pick you up from your hotel resort - "movies, music, sports, or art of animation" trying to make this a yearly thing. Muggy weather everytime we come. Fall time. So bring shorts and t-shirts. My favorite is "Epcot" center. Plan your trip for a whole day or half a day or at least come when it opens. Very huge to explore especially if you decide to visit every single store/country.
I must give credit where it's deserved, after an entire vacation in Disney, I did find one restaurant that didn't fit the current gluten unfriendly paradigm--and that was Jiko.  Jiko, located in the Wild Animal Kingdom Lodge, was the absolute opposite of all of the other experiences I had.  Upon mentioning a gluten allergy, a separate menu was presented.  It was offered for the chef to come out, but the menu was fine and ordering was effortless.  The food was incredible, and if this was just a review of Jiko alone, then my stars would be FIVE!  Well done, if only I could say the same foe the rest of Disney World dining.
We are finishing 10 fun filled days here. This is our 27th visit since 1991. Our kids grew up loving this place. It truly is magical. A wonderful family tradition. If you plan to visit allow at least 7 days if you want to visit all of the parks and enjoy what they have to offer.
Books have been written about Walt Disney World, so it seems fruitless to try to describe it in a simple post.  I first visited in the mid 1980's, and visited frequently during the expansion period of the 1990's.  It is still the number one family vacation destination in the world.  Period.  There is some validity to "Disney Magic."  They have a way to make sure visitors are happy, and satisfied, and spend lots of money.  Their attention to detail is impeccable, from the attractions to the dining to the accommodations.  There are things to satisfy all age groups, all year round.  It is truly an international destination, and you will likely hear a multitude of languages during your visit.  Some of the attractions are dated, but there is a slow, relentless change and upgrading of attractions.  Definitely worth a trip, if you are one of the few who have not been there as yet.
I am giving this 3 stars because i think half the people love it and the other half hate it.  I recently spent a week here and enjoyed myself.  I was annoyed by the fakeness of it all and bothered that for many people this is the closest they will come to traveling to another country.  With that said, I can definately understand why families come here - the kids love it!  Watching the children get all excited over the Disney characters was alot of fun. One note on the food, we did the meal plan, and found the quality good but not outstanding.  I think if you don't eat out much the food will be top notch.  I didn't feel it stood up w/ the quality of foods I have tried a other upscale restaurants.  But I didn't have a plate I refused to eat.
It's all about Walt Disney World for my fiftieth review! We got up at four thirty in the morning, lugged around baggage, flew for five hours plus the stop over, it was all well worth it! Roughly about the size of San Francisco, Walt Disney World is comprised of four awesome theme parks - Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios and Disney's Animal Kingdom. Each theme park features unique amusement rides, shops, eateries, shows and events. Other Disney attractions include Blizzard Beach, Typhoon Lagoon, Disney's BoardWalk, Downtown Disney, Disney's Wedding Pavilion, Disney's Wide World of Sports Complex and Walt Disney World Speedway. All throughout this vacation I felt like a happy little kid with an adult stomach. The theme parks and attractions are grand. This place is also home to some of the most amazing restaurants. I'd highly recommend that you wear real comfortable footwear, as you will do a lot of walking. Rain or shine it's hot! I don't know what it's like here in the winter time but it's hot and humid in the summer. I packed a face towel daily. Also don't forget that sun block lotion with lots of SPF and pack plenty of water. From your resort, you can get to a theme park or other attraction by Monorail, Disney's Transport Bus or by Ferry Boat depending on where you are and where you're going. There are two monorail systems, but available only at several locations - Magic Kingdom, Epcot, The Transportation Center, The Grand Floridian, The Polynesian, and the Contemporary Resorts. You can catch the Disney Transport Bus from almost every location - your resort, theme park, and other attractions including Downtown Disney. Different types of park passes are available. You can purchase a one day pass or you can get a park hopper pass. We got the day passes. It all depends on what you plan to do and where. Two Disney Dining Plans are available to make the most out of your budget. This turned out to be a wise decision for us as we saved money on the plan. When we arrived, we checked in at our hotel yelp.com/biz/disneys-gra…. With the three hour time zone difference, it was pretty late in the evening so we just headed down to Downtown Disney's Marketplace and had dinner. After a little shopping we headed back. Second day, we went to Epcot. We only got to see about half of the countries pavilion since we got in late in the afternoon. We bought the girls Disney Passports. Ambassadors from a visited country, signed and rubber stamped their passports and offered arts & crafts activities for all young travelers. They were pretty excited. In the evening, we watched the 'Illuminations: Reflections of Earth' fireworks show. It was awesome! Third day, we visited Disney's Hollywood Studios. Got on some rides and watched a few shows which included, the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, the Rock 'n' Roller Coaster, The Studio Backlot Tour and Beauty and the Beast. Fourth day, we're at Disney's BoardWalk. To get there, we took the ferry boat from Disney's Hollywood Studios. We spent most of our time indoors in shops, since it was scorching hot outside! Several neat shops and restaurants lined the area. Gorgeous views! Later that day, we headed to Downtown Disney and got the shopping out of the way at World of Disney. Fifth day, it was Magic Kingdom. We checked out Cinderella's Castle, It's a Small World, Dumbo the Flying Elephant, Monters, Inc. Laugh Floor, The Haunted Mansion and Liberty Square Riverboat. At night, Disney's 'SpectroMagic' Parade and the 'Wishes' fireworks show were both quite impressive! Sixth day, we're at Disney's Animal Kingdom. We overslept and got in really, really late. Saw quite a bit of exotic animals on the way to Dinoland U.S.A. The Tree of Life was fascinating! It rained for hours though so we spent most of our time in a shop for cover. When it cleared a little, we rode the TriceraTop Spin. We hurried back to the hotel to get ready for a formal dinner. We shall return for a full day next time. On our seventh day, we're back at Epcot to visit the rest of the pavilions we missed from our second day. The girls got the rest of the countries stamped on their passports and also completed a mission for Disney's Kim Possible World Showcase Adventure. We loved the following rides - The Seas with Nemo & Friends, Soarin', Test Track, and Living with the Land. The girls had a blast watching Turtle Talk with Crush. I loved the Germany and Italy Pavilions - Bru time! We spent and enjoyed our last evening at Downtown Disney's West Side. We will truly miss this memorable and magical place! So much fun, so much food, so much excitement, so little time...
Disneyworld is awesome. The greatest playground on earth. It is still expanding 36 years since it opened. There are now 4 main theme parks, Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Disney MGM and Animal Kingdom. And thts just to start with, there are numerous water parks and hotels. Its just an amazing place with so much to do. No matter how many times you visit you still cannot get enough of it. Test Track in Epcot is my favourite, but there are so many different things going on everybody will have a different favourite, I cannot wait to go back!!
My favorite place in the world!  We moved from Jacksonville, FL to Orlando for the sole reason of being as close to "The Most Magical Place on Earth" as possible.  This is now home; our final home. Is there truly anything else I can add to the whole of Walt Disney World which hasn't already been voiced in another review?  No.  However, being a Central Floridian, I can offer a few tips. The best time to plan your vacation is mid-September through November (avoid Thanksgiving like the plaque) and January through February.  The weather is nice during these times of the year, so you won't be scorching in the heat.  Also, these are the times of the year when you will encounter the fewest guests throughout the Parks leaving you with little to no wait time for the attractions.  You'll also be missing the rainy season, not to say you won't possibly encounter a shower or two here and there. As for transportation, if you are staying at a Disney Resort have no worries; there are plenty of options.  If you are staying off property, park at Downtown Disney for free and make use of Disney's buses to get around.  From Downtown Disney, you'll have to go to a resort first; but, once you reach a resort, you can get to the Parks and save on the astronomical parking fees. If I were from out of town and had to pick from those particular months of the year, I would choose October.  Why?  The International Food and Wine Festival which is held every year at Epcot is something everyone should experience at least once in a lifetime. Most importantly, when you arrive, leave all your troubles and worries behind.  Just be happy!
This has got to be one of the most amazing, brilliant places in the world. You are lost in a world of fantasy and enjoyment. A must for all the family and Orlando is worth a visit for everybody. At the end of every night, each park has a fantastic firework display set to music. The one in the Magic Kingdom is by far the best. This is a good time to visit this park as after the fireworks, the park empties but the rides are still open and it is easy to get on without queueing. I visited in June and it was very busy and hot but the parks have fans spraying water at you. Disney have it right and are very family orientated. I am sure everybody says you should visit. You should before you die if you can. It is the place to be.
I'm a Southern California native, I live 35 minutes from Dizzyland, have been to Dizzyland in Hong Kong and have always wanted to go to Dizzy World.    So when my friend, who is a Disney... um... "enthusiast", called suggesting we meet in Orlando and hit D-World for a few days, that was all the excuse I needed. The flight and hotel were booked so everything is a go!   We stayed "off property" about 15 minutes away from the closest "park".   Yeah it's not as convenient as staying in one of the many hotels in "D-World", but when you're saving $100++ per night.......... Disney World is a larger and much more spread out (47 square miles!!) version of Disneyland, which covers a minuscule 160 acres by comparison.    They have more space and a few different things than Disneyland, the majority of the "Disney stuff" is the same.    It's pretty cool they have their own transportation system (buses, trains, boats), but as it can take 5 to 15 minutes to travel from one park to another (walking is NOT an option), it's absolutely necessary! That Saturday we were there happened to be "red shirt day" and as we wondered around the various parks we saw many people wearing red shirts.  It was pretty cool.   Having known about it in advance, my friend and I had our red shirts on too! So, Disney World is a pretty awesome place, but....... Parking is $14 per day...... if you go out and come back, it's another $14! Park passes: for a 3 day park hopper you're looking at $300... more if you add the Water Park or other options to it! Don't forget about all food, drinks and other crap you're going to buy too ($$$)! Then there are the people.    No... not the Disney cast members, the park guests.   They're not always the nicest, most considerate people (check out James D's review, he's a little harsh, but on point!  LOL). Overall I really enjoyed my time at Dizzy World, but with all the costs involved (flights, hotels, passes, rental car and everything else) AND with the genesis of it all, Dizzyland, just 35 minutes away from home, I won't be making a special trip back to Orlando anytime soon.
We went to Disney for Christmas, we figured it was a great way for us to bond and create a life long memory. We were right! We stayed on the resort, which made traveling a whole lot easier. The smiling faces at every turn became refreshing. The only snafu was an early delivery of our daughter's Christmas present. The Magic Kingdom is the most crowded, each and every day so go early and prepare to be there all day.  We beat the crowd by flying in on a Thursday, but by Saturday you could see the super increase of people. Okay, the parades are fantastic! We actually watched the fireworks show two or three nights as each time we were closer and it believe it or not was better. All of the shows are super kid friendly, check out the "Bugs Life" show in the Animal Kingdom if you can. It has several surprises. My daughter, five years old, could not stop talking about what she was seeing. We took advantage of the park hopper pass and went to each park several times over the seven days we stayed. Now for food, go to Epcot and try some thing from every country you can think of. I am a fan of Disney!!! I can't wait to go back....
Being a kid at heart, DISNEYWORLD you are amazing. I wish I can live in that very castle in Magic Kingdom myself! I hope to see you soon! SERIOUSLY THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON THIS UNIVERSE!!!! WARNING - Put on good walking shoes, you're gonna need it if you wanna walk around the parks for 12+ hours! TIP - I would not recommend the park hopper because I feel like the parks are very far apart from one another. I rather just get a 4-day park ticket and visit one park a day! You save money and time! :)
This was my third time to Disney World, and I guess the magic wore off. I was with my 4 daughters, and because they had an unforgettable time, I give Disney World three stars. However, I'm old than seven and could see past the glitter and fairy dust. Here is a brief list of my issues: 1. Everything is overpriced. I expected this before I got there, but there is still sticker shock. Also, during the holidays, Disney puts on a holiday show which I've heard is spectacular... for about $50 extra a person. Having spent over approximately $80 a ticket a day for 3 adults and 2 of my daughters who were over 3 .... let's just say, it's a lot. 2. 95% of the staff is awesome. Totally awesome. Actually deserving medals for what they have to put up with. The other 5% - just mean. Having worked in customer service spending a lot of my time a hot kitchen while wearing a wool uniform, I get how a person can be rude working at Disney. I've been there. But I know how to treat people and I don't expected to get snapped at if I didn't hear someone's instructions. I just don't. 3. A lot of the tame rides my 5 year old daughter was unable to ride, and I still had to buy a ticket for her. I think ticket prices should be based on height, not age, but that's just my opinion. 4. There is no direct customer service line. I've sent an email, and received a generalized "we'll get back to you" email. I'm still waiting to hear back from them, and may change my review if they actually get back to me. I'm not expecting anything free; I just know things won't change unless someone lets them know it's slipping. I want to point out we had a wonderful time in Hollywood Studios, even more so than the Magic Kingdom. The street shows were fun, and my daughters enjoyed being part of them.
I've wanted to go to Walt Disney World ever since I was a little girl. It was a dream of mine that I could never grow out of. My boyfriend knew that I wanted to go and purchased our tickets online. When he asked me where I wanted to go, I said Disney World! I didn't realize there were a bunch of parks and that it was that big. It's soooo big that Disney Land could fit in Disney World's Parking lot. I picked the Magic Kingdom. I must have gotten teary eyed on every part of the park from the parking lot to the ferry to the park to the tram and back to the car. The weather was perfect and I had one of the best days of my life. :)
Got to Come Here Twice And I still love it I so want to go Again. An amazing place for the whole family, I'm A Huge Goofy Fanatic I have Alot of Goofy Products and One Donald Duck Stuffed Animal. Mickey Got mad at me because I was taller and He stomped on The Stairs and I followed and He Pushed me back down lol
Its Disney World.  Everything is wonderful.  So many options.
This Disney park is a huge fun playground. It's beautiful and well maintained. The staff are friendly and helpful. Disney definitely lives up to it's reputation
What a really cool place! Every time we visit we are simply enamored by everything this location has to offer and the effort the staff places in keeping it clean and fresh. Unfortunately, the only thing that can ruin the experience are the guests themselves. We have experienced everything from extreme line-cutting to filthy farters. The stench that swells off of the visitors themselves is almost toxic. On several rides we were left covering our faces with anything on our persons just to mask the rotting butt sweat that sweltered off the person sitting in front of us. We are at a loss as to why people refuse to shower in preparation for a long hot day. The floating stench of a fresh wet fart from the guest ahead of us was always a wonderful surprise, consistent enough throughout the day for me to make note of it in this review. At any random occasion, one adult would conserve their place in line for the rest of their family. After standing for 20 minutes, the rest of their 15 family troupe would show up and barrel their way through the line to meet up with that one family member making the wait even more unbearable. Many children would be left unattended, or be sent ahead to stand in line by themselves as parents wandered off until they were done. Contrary to popular belief, they are all not always well behaved. Regardless, we always have a pretty good time. Our advice, visit this park during off seasons. If visiting during peak seasons, visit the park at night, roughly from 4PM to close. Many parks are open late and the population are usually diminished, plus the temperature drops below scorching. Visit any of these parks after it rains; guests typically disperse during short downpours which sometimes leaves the park virtually empty.
My family and I say Disney World is our second home! We go every so many years! I am now 25 and I still love it so much! THANK YOU TO THE CAST MEMBERS FOR MAKING IT PERFECT!!!!
I was born in Orlando just after Disney, though no correlation.  I grew up going to the park with my family and just about every time family came to visit.  Now I have a daughter who loves princesses and roller coasters.  Though as a kid this was the best place on earth, my tastes have changed quite a bit.  What more can I add to the slew of reviews?  My tips for a good time. First rule, check the park hours and the weather before you go.  The last thing you want to do is stand in line soaking wet. Second, if you are a resident and on vacation...so are tens of thousands of others, plan on the off season or accept you can stand in line for an hour of more.  Third, plan for more than one day, especially if you plan on incorporating other theme parks in your visit.   This park is huge and during the peak season you will be hard pressed to do all the things you want to do in one day even with extended park hours.  It is possible, but probably not as much fun as taking your time.  Prioritize what you want to see and look into the fastpass if those attractions have them, do the planning and you things will go much smoother.   Some of my favorites are (I may not know the exact name): It's A Small World Space Mt. The Tea Cups Goofy's Barnstorm (my daughter can ride it at 36") Dumbo The Country Bear Jamboree The Hall of Presidents (it could be the AC) The Electric Light Parade The River Cruise Tiki Birds The Speedway One thing that has always impressed me was how immaculent the grounds are kept.  The horticulture is very impressive and well thought out.  For the traffic the park is kept very clean as well.  There are plentiful restrooms and break areas about the park if you need to take a few moments.   As for the food, I wouldn't expect a great deal as far as taste goes, but it gets the job done and is moderately expensive.  You can bring items into the park though if you desire.  During busy seasons you will experience lines so if possible reservations.   Overall, it is a fun place to hang out in but it can get expensive quick.
This is where the magic happens. My whole family loves Coming here. We all have so much fun and it's really nice. The rides are super fun. Everything about this theme park is magical. Love Disney so much.
I really had fun here but god damn is it hot. Leave the jeans and closed-toe shoes at home, even if you don't like showing your skin. Give up. This place is ridiculously hot. We went early June 2011 and it was hotter than hell. So go prepared. The most difficult part of this trip is figuring out what tickets to buy. It is insanely confusing. If this is your first time, I am going to do a public service and figure it out for you. So you just sit down and HONESTLY ask yourself a few questions: 1. Self, how likely am I to get on a water slide? A=VERY LIKELY B=VERY UNLIKELY 2. Self, how likely am I to come back to Disney World in this lifetime? A=VERY LIKELY B=VERY UNLIKELY 3. Self, how likely is it that I'm going to be able to handle more than one park per day in the hottest place on Earth? A=VERY LIKELY B=VERY UNLIKELY/YOU HAVE A SMALL CHILD/HERE ON BUSINESS OK. So if you answered AAA= You need to buy the ten day pass with the park hopper and the slides AND the no expiration option if you are staying less than 10 days. It's expensive but it's worth it. AAB=You need to buy the ten day pass and the slides WITHOUT the park hopper but WITH the no expiration option if you are staying less than 10 days. ABA=You need to buy the pass for the EXACT* number of days you want to go to the parks, and you want to add the slides and park hopper options while skipping the no expiration option. ABB=You need to buy the pass for the EXACT* number of days you want to go to the parks, and you want to add the slides NOT the park hopper option and NOT the no expiration option. BAA=You want the 10 day pass with the park hopper and no expiration option if you are staying less than 10 days. Skip the slides. BAB=You want the 10 day pass, no slides and no park hopper but add no expiration if you are staying less than 10 days. BBA=You need to buy the pass for the EXACT* number of days you want to go to the parks, skip the no expiration option and skip the slides but add the park hopper. BBB=Are you sure you don't want to just go to the beach or play solitaire instead? LOL. This was my option, so you buy the base ticket, for the exact number of days you want to go to the parks. Skip all the other options. You're welcome! * By EXACT I mean DON'T include the days you fly in and fly out unless you are seriously hardcore or you are a fan of stimulants. As a BBB, I must say I am now a BAB, possibly a BAA. I definitely want to go back when Floridians think it's cold outside. I really have to wonder what they think cold is. My favorite part was the electric parade and the baby rides (They're the only ones I'll get on and I find them plenty terrifying).
MEET THE PRINCESSES: Wow.  I cannot express what a great attraction this is (if you happen to have a little one in the "princess stage").  We have a 6 yr old girl and this was a HUGE deal.  I am writing this review in hopes that Disney is paying attention because there are a few  employees that are to be commended.  First the young lady that played the role of Rapunzel and greeted us... FULL of energy and SO MUCH like the character in the movie.  Entertaining for us and so fun for the kids.  Second, the smart person who hired the young lady who played the part of Princess Aurora (Sleeping Beauty).  Not only did she behave perfectly and never broke character - she could not have looked more like the character! PERFECTION. And of course, "Aurora" herself  - my daughter's favorite - deserves big kudos.  The whole process was fabulous.  I highly recommend using the Fast Pass... our wait was a short 15 minutes in a lovely air conditioned room (A/C means everything in Florida in July!)  I loved how each of the 3 princesses took their time - there was NO rushing.  They made my little girl feel like she was the only one in the room... it was magic.  The photographers were busy on the job as well as offering to take pics with our cameras.  With all the money we spent on this vacation it was GREAT to have some pics on our own cameras at no additional cost. The rest of the park was great as expected but this just MADE the vacation for our daughter and therefore requires some attention.  Happy kids = happy momma.
Disneyland is still as Good as it Gets! Disney World takes a close second. The Magic Kingdom is similar to Disneyland, Wild Animal Kingdom reminds me a bit of the Wild Animal Park in SD, Hollywood Park reminds me of Universal Studios, Epcot is completely different. So you get four parks and two water parks instead of one. I think the downfall is what they brag most about....the space. The parks and resorts are super far from each other. Depending on the park, you can be waiting for a bus/shuttle for 20 minutes and then another 20 minute ride.  Disney has the shuttle service down to a science. I just think the parks should be closer together. The Wild Animal Kingdom and Hollywood parks just seemed like they had a few attractions and a ton more places to blow money on Disney products and food. Dining Plan-Make sure to get the Dining Plan-5 Stars. Deluxe was awesome make sure you reserve in advance and base it on the park you plan to visit for the day. Disney products-0 Stars They suck. I bought two water fans for 17 each and they both broke within that day. I bought two hair ties at 5.95 each and they both broke by the second day (goodies last forever!).  The snacks were expensive as heck and all stale. Great restaurants and I love Epcot.  Great resorts, too!
I'm from CA and this place blows Disneyland out of the water!
I love WDW its great! You feel like your a child when entering. Rides food and shopping is magical. Everything is super clean cast members are really nice. The electrical parade was great. Although a little scary trying to get out of the park after it. They shut the lights off for the castle and fireworks. I do wish there was more security when walking in. Very scary to know they are not checking people. We had this discussion when walking threw the gates. I guess when coming from NY. Your alway on alert!
The East Coast edition of the happiest place on earth has evolved into an entertainment and recreation complex far beyond anything Uncle Walt ever imagined. This once desolate section of central Florida is now dominated by Disney - in the past couple of decades, the original Magic Kingdom and Epcot Center have been joined by the MGM Studios, the Animal Kingdom Theme Park, Blizzard Beach and Typhoon Lagoon water parks, the Wide World of Sports Complex, and Downtown Disney, the site of a wide array of shops, restaurants, and its own permanent Cirque du Soleil production. Two dozen properties, ranging from the rustic Fort Wilderness campgrounds to the luxurious Swan Hotel, offer accommodations to suit every budget. Gone are the days when a one-day admission got you a book of tickets for rides categorized from A to E (the phrase 'E-ticket ride' came to mean anything that was top-of-the-line); in its place are enough vacation package options to confuse even the most learned of academics. Suffice it to say a family of four will spend mucho bucks during a week's stay here . . . and there's more than enough to keep you busy from dawn until midnight for seven days straight, if you can withstand the constant barrage of try me/buy me promotions aimed at kids too young to understand the concept of limited income. All the commercialism aside, there's a great deal here that will amuse, fascinate, entertain, and educate even the most cynical, including Scrooge McDuck.
This place is one of Florida's best kept secrets! The locals know this is a true gem so they have kept it on the down low for many years. Thanks to websites like Yelp, Florida outsiders are finally starting to catch on to this place and tourism is starting to trickle in. When it comes to amusement parks, this is as good as it gets. Amazingly, it isn't just one theme park, but four! They include the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Hollywood Studios, and Animal Kingdom. Each offers a variety of magic. Tip: When entering the park get your time tickets for the longest line rides so you don't have to wait in line as long. They'll give you a time when you can return for the ride. It's pretty magical that they offer this. Some of the highlights of the Magic Kingdom are: Splash Mountain Space Mountain Haunted Mansion Pirates of the Caribbean Big Thunder Mountain Railroad Epcot: Soaring Test Track Spaceship Earth Mission: SPACE and of course World Showcase (my personal favorite section of the park since it provide the most magic in my humble opinion) Hollywood Studios: Tower of Terror I forget what else. I may forget since it has been a while, but I think I mainly forget since the magic here isn't quite as strong Animal Kingdom: Never been, but it seems to offer plenty of animal magic. So get on down to Florida and check out the magic that Walt Disney World has to offer. Tell 'em Paul sent you! But don't be surprised if you just get a blank stare in return.
Be aware of the Photo packages they were and continue to be a nightmare experience for our family. My wife convinced me to get this package where they take all the photos and we don't have to take any, i thought it would be a great idea since we never get photos of all 4 of us together since one of us always has to take the pictures. We spent about an hour each day at each park we entered trying to get the ride feature added to our package that we were told was already included. No one knew what the deal was, then they finally came to the conclusion that it was not included and we had to add it...they wanted to charge us an additional $89, when my wife pointed out that if you bought it at the ride instead of at the entrance of each park at the official photo pass place it was only $49,,they said yeah its messed up, but you have to buy it there (wait in more lines) for $49, if you want to buy it here its $89.. The worst part is half the photos we had taken were missing and did not show up, my wife had to sit with someone for 2 nights after the park for about an hour each night going thru thousands of photos to find our shots..BUT ALL of our shots from the Not so scary Halloween which is the reason we came down this time of year are missing, so we have no shots of our family in costume. The worst part is it would have been so easy for us to snap a few shots, but we thought, nah,,we paid the money why not just have the pro's take the shots, so we have no photos from that night... besides that absolute nightmare, this was the first time we stayed for a long period (8 nights 7 days) of time at Disney and at a premium resort (Animal Kingdom Lodge) the parks were awesome, and the lodge was amazing..staff was good, but not as disnyfied as i remembered..especially any and almost all of the photo help we encountered,,,not the actual photographers but the people who we looked to for help just did not seem to have any answers and each of them had different ones.. all told we spent about 8 or so total hours dealing with photo garbage while we were there and we continue to spend time now hoping they will at least find one photo of our family together in costume via emails..
Hooligans' Trip to Walt Disney World 2012 My husband is a Disney fanatic, he has stocks, t-shirts, boxers, Vinylmations, pin sets, and the whole works in Disney stuff... even a Disney time share! This trip was my first trip to WDW since I've only been to Disneyland before.  I knew it was going to be awesome but I didn't think it was going to be this awesome!   I loved Animal Kingdom the best because Hawaii doesn't have the greatest zoo and you can see animals up close and personal!  I would have to say that Epcot was the biggest let down because it was not all that exciting and interesting to look at.  They did have awesome 30th anniversary fire works though!  I give them that.  Magic Kingdom was great for my 2 year old and us because we could ride most of the rides and I enjoyed seeing characters everywhere, not just those Disney ones haha.   I would have to say the only reason for docking a star is not the price because you do expect that at a place like this but the SERVICE.  The service was actually not that great.  At the restaurants, it was really hard to flag down a server.  At the parks, it was impossible to get any information from people.  Most times, the workers were like it's that way... and we walk half way around the park and we are going in the wrong direction.  LAME.  I always had excellent experiences at Disneyland so it was junk that I didn't have the same at Disney World.   Keep in mind that you need to save money here because even though you think you're not going to spend it, you are.  It is hot even in October, even coming from Hawaii where it's hot all year round.  It is going to RAIN EVERY SINGLE DAY at 2pm whether you like it or not.  It's always nice to go to the water park even if you think you're wasting a day there, you're really not.  You will overpay but just have fun and be a kid, you'll love it. Don't forget to watch a parade... even if it's just one.  It's worth waiting for... even with no kids.  Don't bother watching all of them, you'll miss too much stuff.  Have fun! #06/31
FIRST OF ALL - WTF.  i am the first person to rate disney world on Yelp and do you know what that means?  Yelpers obviously know what's what because this place is the DEVIL!!!!! SECOND OF ALL - after spending a very long, very difficult day in the hottest place on earth, i have heat stroke and a bad burn (have you seen me?  in addition to being very good looking, i am also the whitest person alive and after ten minutes in the cruel florida sun, i now glow a bright red and am pretty much indistinguishable from a large, walking tomato.  fools are all, "dude, is that a large walking tomato or laura b, i can't tell." and i'm all, "it's laura b, bitches!!!!" THIRD OF ALL - dude.  wtf is up with how parents today let their pre teen sons and daughters dress?  i'm telling you, i'm waiting in line to go on the newly re-vamped Pirates of the Caribbean ride (admittedly, a very fucking cool ride...love those rascally pirates!  but did you know that they totally toned down the ride for today's PC freak out audience?  For example, back in the day, there was a pirate chasing a wench because he obviously wanted to rape her and now, it's a wench chasing a pirate to get the pies that he stole back.  WRONG!  first of all, what do pirates love to do?  they love to rape.  pirates could give a rats ass about three freshly baked pies.  they rape, they pillage and then they rape some more.  THAT'S the pirate way.  I mean, PIES?  Really.) and the little girl in front of me (she was 10 going on Street Walker) was wearing SEE THROUGH MESH SHORT SHORTS and a t-shirt that read, "if you're rich, i'm single!"  SAY WHAT?  you're 10!  and no, i'm not rich!  she looked JUST like one of the dudes from Right Said Fred.  or say, a Street Walker.  then, as i'm still in shock from that get up, i see a boy, probably 6 or 7 years-old (6 OR 7 YEARS-OLD!), wearing a t-shirt that read upside down, "if you can read this, i fell off the bar.  help me up and the next round's on me!"  WHAT?!?!?  YOU'RE 6!  round of what?!  candyland???  i was amazed.  as i looked around more and more at what these kids were actually wearing, i could not believe it.  i mean, it's hot.  i'll give them that.  we're all dressed like hookers, it's true.  but these message shirts!  enough is enough!   however, i did think of a business opportunity...i could stand outside of disney world pedaling t-shirts in 3M - 12M and 2T-4T that say shit like, "but she told me she was 18!" and, "bring me my dinner, you ruthless slut!"  and, "i love to drink beer and snort coke and suck on big ol' titties!  i'm 10 and my legal guardians bought me this shirt because i don't make my own money and they are totally negligent!  now get me some whiskey before i beat the shit out of you!"  i mean, really.  i know i've typed that a lot this review but i mean, really.  really. FOURTH OF ALL - i've never seen people act so outrageously bitchy to each other.  families yelling at one another, women shaking babies, kids yelling for, "child protective services!"  one dude verbally berated an employee because he got less french fries than his friend did and the poor employee just stood there and took it (apparently if you back talk at all, mickey has you killed).  i heard this injustice going on right in front of me and of course i had to say something so i was like, "it looks like the same amount to me!" and the dude turned around, gave me the, "i can't believe this crazy bitch is in my business" look and i just smiled all super fucking happy like and he huffed away.   FIFTH OF ALL - that pirates ride is a lot of fucking fun.  if you go, you must go to this. AND FINALLY - never, ever, ever visit disney world in august.  it's so hot and humid and the park just steams with B.O.  apparently winter is the time of year to come if you really want to but why?  i mean, why spend $67 (you read right, $67) to be here for a day.  it just baffles me.  even if you have kids, it's just so fucking unpleasant.  and it's expensive, too!  the hotels are like $350 a night!  and plane tickets ain't cheap.  i mean, for all that money you could take a truly bitching vacation anywhere but here, even with kids.  i feel like disney is the worst part of america neatly packed into 350 square acres of HAPPY!  it's just so artificial and unwelcoming.  i would like to end this note on a positive note or something with a little humor but i am so wiped out from the day that i can't right now.  maybe i will come back and change this.  i would like it noted that i am not in orlando for the specific reason of coming to disney world and i would also like it noted that i did not pay to get in.  that is all.
I am a Disneyland fanatic, but I had never been to Walt Disney World before until last month.  I still prefer my beloved Disneyland, but Disney World is amazing on its own! The amount of land owned by Disney here is incredible.  The environment is BEAUTIFUL - absolutely gorgeous.  Sometimes I would just ride the monorail around or wander the grounds and be in awe of the beauty of the area.   I loved all of the parks, but I think my favorite parks in order are: 1. Magic Kingdom 2. Hollywood Studios 3. EPCOT 4. Animal Kingdom MAGIC KINGDOM - Magic Kingdom has all the familiarity of Disneyland for me, but it isn't identical and that is what made it most interesting to me.  Tomorrowland (home of my favorite ride: the Peoplemover) here is far superior, lands seem further spread apart, and there is just so much to see!  Cinderella Castle is beautiful, the landscaping is amazing, the theming is perfect, etc.   HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS - If it weren't for a couple of key rides here, Hollywood Studios would be further down on my list.  Tower of Terror and the Aerosmith Rockin' Roller Coaster are standout rides - both really awesome and fun.  There are lots of spots for photo taking with characters (I got my photo with Buzz and Woody - heck yes!).  The Indiana Jones stunt show (while not as good as the all-time BEST Disney ride, Indiana Jones Adventure) is fun and entertaining.  The food is pretty good and it doesn't take too much effort to get from one area to another. EPCOT - This one almost came in second for me.  I think this is one of the more beautiful parks and the land is pretty expansive.  Test Track was closed while I was here, which I was bummed about, but I still had an opportunity to ride some good rides.  The World Showcase is pretty cool, although I didn't spend a lot of time in each county.  I think Morocco and Norway were the coolest for me - loved the Maelstrom ride in Norway and Morocco was the most visually beautiful. ANIMAL KINGDOM - Absolutely GORGEOUS.  I'd call this a half day park, but it is a must-see.  It is beautiful!  Expedition Everest is one of the coolest rides I've been on in a while - I loved it!  The safari was pretty neat, although not much different than things I've seen at zoos or other places like that.  It is fun to walk around here, but I didn't find a ton to do.  There is a good spot at Camp Mickey & Minnie for getting photos with Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, and Donald.  I even got photos here with Thumper and Brer Rabbit, two characters I never see around! I will be back to Disney World, no doubt.  I had an amazing time here and I cannot wait to come back!  The next Disney trip on my list is a return to Disneyland, but Disney World may have to be the next stop after that.  I loved it!
Love Disney with every fiber of your being? You won't like this review. The WDW Resort is made up of 4 parks, a handful of other attractions, including water parks, and a gaggle of hotels... Everything is meticulously designed, beautiful, and an absolute pain in the ass. Do I blame the visitors, the cast members, the park, the company, shareholders, or myself? First, the visitors: Fuck. You. All. Ok, not YOU, but everybody else. The baby bringers - I don't get the concept of bringing children under a year or two to a theme park. The parents want to see a temporary smile on their child's face that will last 20 seconds. Babies have memories worse than fish, so they aren't "making memories". Dangle a cat toy in front of their face for a few minutes for the same effect. Don't add even more strollers to a sea of wheels. Jerky/Greedy visitors - Just because Disney says it's the happiest place on earth doesn't mean you can do or get anything you want. I've seen (and heard about) countless visitors argue for free merchandise and food, cut in line, make unreasonable requests, and be overall dickholes to other park goers. As time goes on, people continue pushing the limits of what's acceptable because Disney allows this behavior to continue. Then, there are the visitors who didn't bother researching... Well, anything. "Why is it so hot?", "Why are there so many people?", "What time is the 3pm parade?" 1) You came to Florida during the wrong time of the year. 2) Because you came on X holiday/extended weekend/peek season 3) You are a fucking moron. With the visitor's out of the way, where else does blame land on turning such an incredible resort into a colossal headache for most of the year? The company... It's what, $912 for a single day admission now? $75 for parking? So not that much, but practically. Year after year, the costs are raised, making the value worse and worse. When one local theme park increases prices, they all do. Will somebody in that company ever stand up and say "Maybe we don't raise prices this year." If they truly wanted to offer a good value they would have lower caps on admissions, lending to more attractions being able to be visited. Thank goodness I'm a local and know when most of the no-no times are. Some visitors may be aware it is peak season but not understand that Disney basically lets half of the country in at once. People jammed arm-to-arm, visiting 2.4 attractions per person per day is not a good value. Actually, it's disgraceful. While still on the subject of the company, I'll throw some blame toward the creation of the Disney Dining Plan. Thanks to the DDP, gone are the days where you can visit a park and make reservations in the morning. When Disney decides to include it for free in some of the packages, it's an even bigger mess. The cast members: I don't really blame them. Disney has tied the CM's hands so tight that they are drones, unable to speak up against the horrible behavior of others. Cast members, that's why I often mouth "thank you" when leaving an attraction. You have far more patience than I ever could. I'm surprised every day that goes by that I don't hear about a Disney worker taking a prop axe to the head of some awful guest. So why did I give 3 stars to a company that I apparently hate? Because I don't hate them, I just hate many of their practices and many of their guests. Magic Kingdom - Their crowning jewel, when the seams are not bursting Epcot - A haven for adults with the World Showcase and many great restaurants Hollywood Studios - An OK park with a few treasures Animal Kingdom -Gorgeous animals, a few cool attractions and eateries The Polynesian, BoardWalk Inn, Wilderness Lodge, and many other spectacular hotels, plus some pretty cool water parks. So finally, it comes to this... The most blame goes to me. There are countless others who don't let these issues bother them, and enjoy WDW for what it does right. For that, I'm envious, and wish you all the best.
Having visited Disney in the 90's as a kid I throughly enjoyed this place and it holds some magical memories for me and my family. Having visited Disney in 2014 its a different kettle of fish! Firstly if this is the Magic Kingdom then how come they can't magic they're rides to work? Before we even step foot in the park we were told the monorail had broken down and we had to use the river boat which we queued for 45 mins. We finally arrived at the park and wow for October it was the busiest park I had ever seen, thousands of tourists all scrambling for the same photo opportunities. Main Street every one was pretty much shoulder to shoulder, we eventually made it to the Pirates of the Caribbean ride which we queued for 25 mins to ride and when we finally got on board half way round we were told not to stand up as there had been technical difficulties which took another 20 mins I resume the ride. We then made our way to splash mountain which was a 1 hour queue so we decided to move on. My son who loves toy story saw woody and Jessie by the restrooms which we tried to queue for but the queue was so long he started to cry as he was so hot and bothered. We then walked to tomorrow land only to find space mountain had broken down, the friendly employee then told us that the day before it had broken down for 2 hours, we decided to ride the carousel of progress which is still a great attraction! When we came out we saw that space mountain had reopened but with a 2 hour queue? We then walked to its a small world which we queued for 30 mins before getting on the ride which again broke down half way round for another 20 mins! At this point we decided that this park had seen better days and was in desperate need of a make over! Everything is tired and has changed for the worst. I remember a time when I could have filled an autograph book with ease at this park with a character at every corner! Nowadays you would have to queue for at least 2-3 hours just to have 3 autographs! I never met Walt Disney but I'm sure he would never of wanted to see his legacy turn to this! The only thing magical about our visit was getting back into the air conditioned car on our way home!
Disney World is hell on earth. It's hot, everyone is sweating like crazy, no one understands the concept of moving the hell out of the way when someone is trying to get around them, not a single person in the entire freaking place isn't coughing up a lung from a cold or freaking polio, you have to put a second mortgage on your house just to be able to cover the cost of getting into the park and then sell your first born in order to be able to get some diseased tap water out of a cheapass Mickey head water bottle, kids and adults are puking all over the place because they're all friggin' drunk off deep fried blocks of butter and happy rainbow Slushies and decided it would be a great idea to ride all the sh*t they have no business being near after the Diabeetus feast of deep fried f**kery they just attempted suicide with.
Arrghh.... there is a reason I like Universal Studios better.     Walt Disney World is way too big and waaaaaaaay too expensive.  I was there for the marathon weekend and dear Lord that was an aggravating experience.   My daughter was running in the one of the kiddie races (100m) at Wide World of Sports and we had to take 3 shuttles to get there.  I should have driven but I thought, "Hey!  Free Shuttles!  Woo hoo!"  2 hours to get to where we needed to be.  I kid you not.  Our hotel was like 2 miles down the road from Wide World of Sports.  We took one shuttle from our hotel which took us to the the Magic Kingdom which is in the back (Wide World of Sports is right in the front mind you so we passed it).  Then had to take a shuttle back towards the entrance to Hollywood Studios  and from there take a shuttle back to Wide World of Sports. It was freezing and I realize Disney World cannot be blamed for the crappy weather that weekend but it made the two hour shuttle rides all the worse. The race: I am sure it was awesome for the adults but how do you not even have one character at the kids races?  That made absolutely no sense.  Why is it more important to have Mickey meet the 45 year old man dressed as a pirate at the finish line than a 2 year old who obsessively watches "Mickey Mouse Club"?  Maybe then that one toddler wouldn't have just decided at 50 meters to stop and sit down. Anyway, I have heard that in the Disneyland vs. Disney World debate, Disneyland is more fun.  And I am aware that Disney can charge those rates b/c frankly people will pay them.  You'd have no idea there was recession going on. I won't be back to Disney World anytime soon.  I can honestly live without it.  Besides, I would have to save for a year just to eat there. I wish Universal Studios had a marathon b/c I would be all over that!
The Happiest Place on Earth! Enough said. :-)
I wish we had a bigger Disneyland here in Anaheim.... Loved loved Disney world, and I was really surprised how big it was! It has so many parks, I like Magic Kingdom and Epcot the most. Magic Kingdom is pretty much the same as Disneyland, Epcot is a great park to experience culture and cuisine of 11 nations. Other parks like water park, Hollywood studio and Disney animal kingdom are so much fun too! I can't wait to go back again! It is really a whole new and better experience of Walt Disney! Our weekend getaway in Disney World was so much fun and romantic too! :)
I'm not going after any "funny" or "cool" votes here. There are  few things in life that truly merit serious, sober reflections, but Disney World is one of them. I'll break it down for you. Useful Tip #1 Do not go unless you are with young, but not too young, children. Mine were 4 and 5 - old enough to walk all day but young enough to BELIEVE. When Mary Poppins pulled my daughter out of the crowd to dance in the parade, she believed it was really Mary  Poppins. When my son hugged Tigger, he believed. It was really Pocahontas on that stage and we really did wait out a sudden, quickly over rain shower in the gazebo at Minnie Mouse's real house. Make sure they're old enough to have memories later. What's the point of taking a two year old? If you can't or don't want to go with kids, don't go unless you're with people you can create a bubble with. The kind of bubble that tunes out obnoxious park visitors, transcends long lines and floats through the experience like you're the only ones having it. The bubble doesn't cure family squabbling  and evaporates under the pressure of forced happiness. Useful Tip #2 Don't go in summer unless you're used to the kind of heat and humidity that melts ice in 5 seconds flat and will leave you gasping like a beached whale and sweating out nearly all of your bodily fluids. We were coming from Georgia so it was fine. Useful Tip #3 DO GO to Animal Kingdom. We were lucky enough to be there a few months after the park opened, so it was sparkling clean and new. There were free water stands all over the place. Go at opening time and hottail it straight to the other end of the park to the Safari. Run if you have to. This is when the animals are active, and giraffes will run by you and you'll see the cheetah on a rock and the hippo will be eating just feet away. The Dinosaur ride will terrify your 5 year old daughter because it's loud and bumpy and a realistic T-Rex is roaring right over your head. The long line to see the Bug movie is fine because it gives you a chance to check out the enormous Tree of Life with all the amazing wildlife carvings - it looks so real - and the theater is under the Tree. The movie is 3-D at its best, with forced air and stinky smells to recreate being poisoned by bugs, so realistic your 4 year old son will take his 3-D glasses off. Take the kids to the Boneyard so they can dig in the sand and crawl all over dinosaur skeletons. They were still building sections of the park when we were there so I'm looking forward to future visits. Useful Tip #4 Magic Kingdom is a little tarnished. Refer to Tip #1. Except the Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse. I still want to live there. Useful Tip #5 Don't bother with Epcot if you have a 4 year old and 5 year old in tow. Useful Tip #6 If you're on a budget, stay at a hotel several miles away that offers a free shuttle. Half the cost of a DW resort and no parking fee. This worked well for me. Make sure there's a pool. Useful Tip #7 Get to the parks when they open and head straight for what you want to see most. You'll be smug about the short line for the rest of the day. Useful Tip #8 When in Magic Kingdom, buy a giant roast turkey drumstick from a street vendor. You'll gnaw on it for hours and it's fun to look that ridiculous. Useful Tip #9 Take lots of pictures. Unless you follow Tip #1 you'll never want to come back. Useful Tip#10 I don't really have one, I just thought 10 was a good number. Have fun, and remember, Disney World is a state of mind. If you don't have a healthy imagination don't bother.
Once upon a time.. ..there was a world full of shenanigans, cartoons, and hand drawn animation like Lady and the Tramp, Aladdin, Little Mermaid, Lion King, do I need to continue?  (ohmygodwasiluckytohavegrownupinthe90's) Now we have computer generated animation like Toy Story, The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, Tangled, etc.  However, they're just as good as the original Disney film story-telling, visual effects, and memory catching moments. While watching these films in the theater we speak in hushed voices, so we don't disturb everyone around us.  Now imagine a place where you can scream at the top of your lungs to see your favorite characters, recognizable icons, and less-than-sign villans.  I can let you know not only where you can see these polarizing figures, but where you can also live out the world they inhabited.  It's here in Walt Disney World!  DisneyWorld offers so much more also. There are so many characters now that it's hard to keep up with who they are since being a grown up keeps you busy and trying to figure out who each one of them are is like Monday morning's crossword puzzle, what? Huh? Driving out to DisneyWorld felt like I was driving to a whole new island, separated from the public world.  You'll see when you drive out there and parking is too easy and organized. DisneyWorld consists of four main theme parks: Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Hollywood Studios, and the Animal Kingdom.  My late friend and I chose Magic Kingdom, it was love.  I got discounted tickets by sitting through a boring 2 hr blah blah fest about timeshares but it shaved a lot off our tickets!   -- When my eyes went out for a couple days all I did was envision happy and favorite places.  Other than the original Seven World Wonders which is still on my Bucket List, DisneyWorld was one of those places that helped me recover quicker!  And my future kids are going to be spoiled, a DisneyWorld trip is guaranteed at least once every three years!.
I love Disney a lot and have been to Disney World over 30 times. But over the years it have become harder and harder to deal with Disneys attitude about they don't have to measure up to what you  pay for min. Over the many year of coming I have seen a greedy side of Disney. And their problem of getting what the customer pays for. And when they fall short they act like they are doing you a favor for what you pay for. Disney give people what they pay for and be a asshole when you do it!
Definitely the happiest place on earth for me. Will definitely come back again and again whenever we can! How can I resist the charm of Mickey and his friends! Haha
I fear for our children.
Truly the most magical place in earth! I went as a child, and a parent. Magic Kingdom was beautiful! We arrived at 11am and didn't leave til 11pm. I was so pleased to find #Frozen merchandise because it's virtually impossible to find it at a reasonable price now-a-days. My daughter dressed to as Queen Elsa as we strolled from kingdom to kingdom getting in rides. All were kid friendly. It was BLAZING hot outside but we stayed well hydrated and enjoyed our day. It was a big family trip that everyone will always remember. Expect to spend a lot of money. They do have strollers and scooters available for those who don't like walking. They do allow coolers, we weren't aware of that. For a fee, you can skip the long lines. Great place for the whole family to enjoy! We plan on visiting again soon! Maybe this next time we can stay on the resort. Thank you Disney World!
Let's see, I'm 30, single and ready for a vacation, where should I go????  Jamaica- nope, Europe, not a chance, Disney World- BINGO!!!  I got the lovely pleasure (sarcasm anyone) of going to Disney World with my family this past January.  Honestly, I don't know how people do it, that place was way too much for me.  While I can't say I completely hated it, I can say I am perfectly happy never going back so my future kids are screwed!  Let's do a good/ bad list of the whole Disney World complex. Good- -I bought a super awesome perfume from the soap store at the Grand Floridian- defiantly hit that place up if you are there! -Everyone that works for the Disney Cooperation was incredibly nice and friendly.  Now I know that's forced upon  and if they aren't they probably get sent to some weird Disney black hole but still, I could never be that nice with 50 million screaming kids around me. -Everything was very clean, something I always appreciate -I got to see some fireworks and those are pretty cool I guess Bad- -Most of the food was not impressive.  Even the "fancy" restaurants were Olive Garden quality at best and I'm sorry but I can't take a place with Mickey ear napkins seriously: no matter how hard they try -I find it very strange that normal grown adults would choose to pretend to be a pirate or a prince for their career.  It's creepy and gross how into the characters they get -I had to stand in a line for 25 minutes with screaming kids to meet Mickey Mouse.  Come on people, it's a dude named Bob who probably really likes kids to sit on his lap.  I highly doubt his "autograph" which every mom jeans wearing parent was obsessed with getting will be worth anything! -There was a parade like every hour.  Don't get me wrong, who doesn't love a good parade but man I think I had my parade fill for the rest of my life that week.  Be especially watchful of the "count down to fun" parade.  You will never, ever, ever get that songs out of your head-NEVER!!!!! -There is an extreme lack of alcohol on the grounds.  As desperate as I was for an adult beverage I refused to pay $18 for 6 pack of Miller Light.  It's a total scam; they know parents get so desperate at the end of a day spent at Disney World that they'll pay $100 for a Miller Light. -Every day is like a death march in pretend land.  Too much walking, too little to actually do and see, too many stupid gift shops with over priced crap.  Speaking of- don't buy the magnets that cost like $20.  -they look real cool and you think for $20 they will last forever. Ha- fat chance, those suckers don't even stick to the refrigerator! -Every night at like 10:30, right when you think to yourself "ok the kids are asleep, everything is quite and I can finally try to get rid of this Disney migraine" the water parade starts!  I warned you about the parades didn't I???  Yep, every night, the same exact parade with the same exact stupid synthesizer song parades on through the lake (if you are staying on the grounds) and it's seriously like an hour long.  You'll think it's over but it's not- they do 2 laps!!!!!!!!  No thank you! -Lastly, it's just too much Mickey Mouse.  Everywhere you go, everywhere you look, everything you do and everything you watch is Disney on crack! You'll catch yourself getting sucked into this crazy cult.  I don't think I've ever been so happy to arrive at the MKE airport- happiest place in the world my a$$!
Fun for the entire family, its worth coming back a few times but i wouldnt come back every year like some families do. Food can be pricey so wait to go when they have the free dining plan. Lines can get long but thats the fun of going to disney. Stay at a cheap disney hotel like pop century or one of the allstars to save money. Youre looking at spending thousands when you come here but the kids will love it and it will create memories that you can enjoy together before your kids grow up to hate you
Welcome to the acres of fun, cheeriness, delightful world that is Disney. Children running around and laughing, characters walking by and partaking in pictures, adults reliving their childhood with the Mickey hats and gloves, really a fun scene to experience. Love the wondrous castle, a gorgeous beauty radiating in the daylight and reflects the colors from the fireworks show in the evening. So many pictures and performances surround this spot from stage performances to parades with various characters. The street parade is amazingly fun, music and festivities galore - one of the main attractions from the gates of this castle. And of course, the statue of Walt and Mickey is a classic piece through Disney's Main Street, so nostalgic. The rides are pretty fun, though the lines can get ridiculously lengthy (it helps to check the wait times posted). Make the most of the wait times by going around and taking advantage of the ones that go speedily, don't want to waste opportunities now do we? It definitely does help to have a map too, I got lost a few times with so many people going about. Do note, for those who have young princesses who yearn for princess merchandise, there's an area that focuses on this and the line is ridiculous. Little princesses on line wrapping around many corners - I kid you not, this was the longest line I saw at Disney! Thankfully there was no line for the cool Star Wars performance (coming from a Star Wars fan here) - great to see young children getting a chance to participate and try to pawn Vader (he's so merciful!). **Man, I wish I saw the young girl who wanted to go to the Dark Side (refer to YouTube) Also, there is a train available with schedules to take you through different Disney areas so you don't need to trek so much. Pretty neat ride to relax yourself in as you go through scenery and tunnel structures. Add in some children yelping in excitement and the ride gets more fun and entertaining. When it comes to merchandise, the prices are uniform and pricey! Boy, a Mickey hat alone was about $14ish I think, gloves were above $20 - sure, live in the Disney moment, but my wallet went ninja on me. Luckily, there are some "sales" if you walk around good enough. I did find some Tigger mugs $1-2 cheaper than some other places, took a bit of work. Food prices, as expected, are pretty pricey. I got a decent burger and soda for $12ish, nothing special, but it was fuel for the rest of the day's adventure. Thankfully, the fireworks show is free. It's a real treat during the evening, many colors and shapes popping in the night sky and the castle is changing colored lightings. Real fun and awe and pleasant way to end a day in Disney. For children, this place is pretty much 5 stars, but for me? I got tired a in the late afternoon, trekking through this kingdom takes a lot of stamina, even more so with children by your side. From a twenty some year old Disney fan, a solid 4.5 stars with whatever stamina I have left from this magical Disney world.
For kids, this is probably the greatest place on earth.  Even for some adults as well.  You won't find many places inside Disney World that are below 4 stars which include restaurants, transportation, or rides. Florida residents save big $$$ on premium season passes and you get to park free.  Also no blackout dates unless the parks get really crowed.   Favorite places - Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Animal Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios. They have plenty of excellent resorts, nice gold courses, and shopping via Downtown Disney.  You can also check out the Disney boardwalk as well. In March 2014, Noodles & Company will be opening up a restaurant right down the street from Downtown Disney.  That's even more reason to go!
Just got back from our 3rd trip to the wonderful world of Disney, and each time it gets better and better. The attractions, the food, the service, everything is perfect. A few must do's are tower of terror, peter pan's flight, soarin, dinner at be our guest, and of course the bread pudding at o'hana.
As a West Coaster I may have had some preconceptions about Disney World. I expected a nearly endless sea of Disney euphoria stretching beyond the horizon. Instead it's about the same size as Disneyland. My Sweet Wife says it felt smaller. And that was only accentuated by the extravagantly long time it takes you to actually get into the park. You drive onto Disney property, and after a few minutes head under a sign that they threaten to shoot you for stopping and photographing. It's a minute or two later before you realize that it's still 5 miles to the parking lot. You eventually find the lot and board a motorized tram and a few minutes later arrive at a stop. At this point you have to choose to either take a ferry across the lake or an aerial tram to the hotel and then on to the park. You cram onto the boat and slosh across the lake and once you get off you still have a short walk before you're in the park. It's time for a nap and I just made it in!! And the strangeness extended to the guests. We'd hardly gotten out of the car before a driver got too close to a pedestrian and his small daughter. Pedestrian screams and curses. Driver responds. Pedestrian lustily kicks the car. Driver roars off. Welcome to the happiest freakin' place on Earth! And we saw a few other unusually hostile interactions. Is it all those angry East Coasters out on vacation, maybe my delicate disposition. I don't know. The small world was strange. You never hear the song while you're in line. You get in the ride and it seems like someone set the volume on 4 and the singers on mumble. My daughter has farted louder than they were singing and we were more than half way through the ride before you could actually make out any of the lyrics. It's a drive-you-bananas, earworm type song but this is Disney World. Let's hear it!! Oh, and there's no Matterhorn. And the castle is filled with what my daughter called "just a stinkin' restaurant". The Electric Light Parade and fireworks were tops. Two thumbs up there. It was good but I guess I was expecting amazing.
I could go on and on about Disney world in general.  To save you all the time of reading through all my ramblings I'll do this.  If you have any questions about Disney world (best parks, best time of year to go, where to see the fire works, how many parks can you do in one day, bla bla bla) just send me a private message and Ill let you know.  I have been to disneyworld at least 15-20 times and each time stayed for a week to 15 days.  Whatever you need to know if i dont know it I know someone who does (not being cocky its the truth...)
I would say: Animal Kingdom is greater than Epcot is greater than Hollywood is greater than Magic Kingdom.
How the heck does Disney World not have five stars!?!?!?!?!?!?!? I'm almost 30 and it was my first time in March of 2013. It was the best. I only want to go there.
Going to Disney is one of the best vacations I have taken. Sure the kids loved it and Yes there are things to do for all ages. But what really set Disney apart is, well, everything. When you're at Disney you feel as if you're in a whole other world. Everyone is friendly, everything is clean and you don't have a care in the world. Sure, Disney isn't perfect, but it is as perfect as a theme park can be.
I'm going to try to make this as short and sweet as possible.  The man and I got married and for our honeymoon we swept ourselves off to a Disney World Adventure.   Or should I say two-day blast through every park as quickly as possible, watch out for the strollers, hit all the rides, where's my fast pass, pose for a picture in front of the castle, oh where are all the characters?  I'm not standing in line to take a picture with Winnie-the Pooh or Eeorye, wtf?  Ok, keep going!  Stop-light margarita!  You can drink at Disney, eff yeah!  Oh my gosh the Tower of Terror was so much fun.  Holy crap the Animal Kingdom was the best and the ride there, what's it called?  Yeah the one with the abomidable snowman, yeah that one is awesome! But to be serious, the lines were long, my legs hurt and I was a little disappointed in the hotel (Carribbean Beach Resort) but I guess that's my fault for being budget.  We went to all 4 parks in 2 days, that's right.  I loved the Animal Kingdom because I love animals, but it was by far the most relaxing, fun and shady of all the parks.  Epcot was also cool because the staff helped us out to find a restaurant that had a last minute reservation for us.  So we ate some ok food, drank some bubbly and watched the light show.  We asked for a bottle of bub to go with us back to the hotel and the waiter said ok.  Then the manager let us know that they can't do it.  However, if we INSIST on it he can open it, put a stopper on it, and we can take it back to the hotel. The result?  Us wasted, wandering through Epcot after everyone was gone (SWEET) and making our way back to our semi-ok hotel room. Be sure to wear your Newlyweds/Anniversary/Happy Birthday or whatever button you can get your hands on and you'll sometimes get to cut in line, or people will just be even nicer to you than they already are. It really is the happiest place on earth.  You can't have a bad time at Disney, you just can't.  So suck up the cost, relax there are going to be people and remember, you probably won't have to come back for another 5 years.  When the kids pop out.
We just got back from a whirl-wind three-day two-night visit to Disney World and I am in need of a serious nap. It was amazing and fun, fantastic and exhausting. The details that have been put into every aspect of the visuals, the sound, the whole experience was totally worth the time, the money and the sweat. I could have easily spend a whole extra week there. I would recommend staying on the grounds, you get extra hours each day at various parks for sleeping on the property. There are also longer hours at each park on different days, but they give you a list of the hours when you check in. Figure out the busing system first thing, they have it down to a science, but you have to know the system. Once you park your car they really make it easy to not have to use your car again, and why would you want to, really?? For me, the best part, beyond the sights and the rides, was the people watching, the best I have seen, outside of my home town of New Orleans, anywhere.
This review is so opposite of the rest, bottom line really disappointed in WDW. I didn't even feel like I was at a Disney park! For some reason WDW seems smaller than Disneyland. The New Fantasyland really,  hate to see what the old Fantasyland looked like! No Mr. Toads Wild Ride, no Snow White and Small World is in an enclosed building no walking up to the outdoor ticking clock that represents Disneyland when I hear it.  Toon Town no Roger Rabbit Cartoon Spin ok, next oh wow no Indiana Jones yikes! Pirates ok, wait no Blue Bayou restaurant hmmm. I could go on but why? Got a three day pass which was more than enough, left the park & returned around 8:00 pm due  to the crowds, had extra magic hours till 3 am. Did all the rides,  shows in about 5 hours total! In Anaheim 3 days is the norm to really enjoy the park. West Coasters save your $, unless you need to be in Orlando.
This place is so over rated. The weather in Florida is awful. It is like a steamer and mosquito everywhere. I kind of expected it because it is what you read. My kids were begging me to go like really begging me. It is a once in a life time kind of thing and I thought what the hell. Every where you go someone has there hand out. There are no simple dinners. Personally I probably would have enjoyed Islands of Adventure more and it would have been cheaper. This was where the kids wanted to go and the wife was like lets make them happy. Our job as parents is not to make them happy but keep them alive. All this happy is drain on the economy. These kids should be working and paying for me to have a really nice vacation based on my favorite movies.
Ok, the kids loved it... I'll get over the fake magic BS.... we had a good time on the rides.
A bucket-list items for parents - you gotta take the kids here at least once in a lifetime. I can see why people love it - but I am not a die-hard Disney chick. I enjoy Magic Kingdom and Epcot best. Skip Hollywood Studios. Animal Kingdom is good - but only a one-day thing. Bring money!
well 1st of let me say that i love disneyland (read my review) so u can imagine my feelings towards disneyworld. i'll put it to you like this... going to disneyland is like having sex with jennifer aniston (really good)... going to disneyworld is like having sex with angelina jolie (awesome!!!!) wait did i just real compare having sex with jen (yes i can call her jen) and angie (yes i can call her angie) to amusement parks? the only negative was that there was not enough time in the day to visit all the parks and do everything in one day... kiss my ass you big ball of fire in the sky! save up and come here. seriously stop the bullshit. and for the over 21 crowd go to treasure island at night. its $20 to get in and its a row of bars and clubs that you can walk in and out of all night. BANANAS DAWG
Despite the crowds, crying babies, long lines, high prices and bad theme park food this is still the happiest place in the world! TIPS: Avoid going in the summer, always look for online deals, wear comfortable shoes and pack plenty of water and snacks! TIPS FOR FOODIES: There are a few food gems in the park! 1. Epcot - sample cuisine from around the world.   2. Sci-Fi Dine-In Theater Restaurant in Hollywood Studios has great burgers and milkshakes. Reserve a car to enhance your dining experience! 3.Liberty Tree Tavern in Liberty Square offers a family style Thanksgiving like feast.  Save room for dessert!
If you are handicap do not go to Disney World. I have been there many times before, this is the first time I went back with a handicap. It was a nightmare from trying to rent a scooter to their staff. You can not reserve a scooter it is first come etc. I am in my 50's and I can not believe how bad I was treated, even trying to get on rides I felt like I was a bother to them, I got on but I was made to feel like do not come back. I paid a lot of money for this trip and believe me I will not go back. They say it is the happiest place on earth not if you have a handicap. Also at night some areas very bad lighting I almost feel a few times because it was to dark. Universal and their staff do much better, I will go back there.
Disney has certainly done an excellent job of infiltrating the minds and memories of adults and children alike, causing those warm and fuzzies whenever we get even a whiff of the magic.  Disney World indulges their fans with the best of Disney whimsy. Four parks = you can't see all there is to see in one day.  No way.  Ideally I say a week, but at least a day per park. My preference of the parks (although all are great and have something different to offer) 1. Animal Kingdom - I love animals/zoos so this combo with Disney is great 2. Hollywood Studios - the rides are awesome 3. Epcot - food choices are outstanding 4. Magic Kingdom - all you can want from Disney Growing up going to Disneyland, Disney World, specifically Magic Kingdom felt like Disneyland in the Twilight Zone...reminiscent, but not exactly the same.  Lines are also a lot shorter which is great!  Never more than 30 minutes and usually around 15.  Unheard of in California!
I thought being married twice was hell on earth. I have realized that going to Disney World with a 2 year old and in-laws is the definition of hell on earth. Everything about this park sucks now. When I was young I used to go once a year, driving from Houston. Now flying is easier. The old Main Street with separate shops and a cool magic store and penny arcade has changed into an impulsive shoppers heaven. You can buy anything and everything in one shop. Only that shop is about 150 yards long. I do like Casey's hot dogs. Not too bad for a 5 buck dog with ALL YOU CAN EAT sauerkraut. FOOD SUCKS. Rides are humorless and I think the rides were created on the 6th day they're so old. Pirates of the Caribbean is politically correct and all about the movie. Forget the raping from the pirate when I was a kid. Epcot is decent...good food but as always too expensive. Animal Kingdom is only good for the safari---go early and go in December. The animals are all out frolicking. And by frolicking I mean some antelope mounting each other. Hollywood studios is completely a waste of time ****HOWEVER**** If you are 300 pounds...I guarantee you that there are bigger people at Disney and wearing far less then you would even think of wearing. My family thinks before eating and tries to eat good and we exercise all the time. Basically we are pretty fit. OMG the people that go to DW are disgusting and kids that are still in grade school wearing next to nothing. I also have multiple sclerosis and this place sucks at accommodating handicapped people. In conclusion I dropped about 5k on this trip and went there for a the Christmas stuff--decent at best--instead of renting a house for a week on South Beach. BAD IDEA. Save the money and go to Euro Disney...at least you get to go to Europe. PS---The Hall of Presidents is great to get a nap on a hot Florida day!!
Admission 96 USD Parking 15 USD Lines everywhere you go. Very crowded. I felt like cattle. Brings out all the crazy in ppl. I saw a group that got into a fight at Hollywood studios over some kid photobombing a group, A lot of spoiled screaming brats and their lethargic parents, Rude people on scooters trying to run ppl over, People coughing and sneezing everywhere... Food portions are tiny, eugh, and pricy. Bring your own granola bars and water. Mosquito repellent too. Sunscreen, hat and orthotic inserts in comfy sneakers, thats the way I rolled. the 2 coolest rides I came for were broken. The Himilayan ride in Animal Kingdom was stuck midway up the mountain, so all these ppl are sitting facing straight up at the sun. It didn't get fixed the whole time I was there, so we left disappointed. the dino ride was broken too. The weather in early october was hot and sticky. Sorry, not gonna waste my money again. I'm hittin' the waves in Kauai for the same $$$ I spent here.
There should be a disclaimer, "Not good for adults". My husband I went to Disney World for vacation and were soarly let down. Long lines and not enough attractions mid-twenty somethings can enjoy. Food was very mediocre. Whole experience was mediocre. We averaged about 2 rides per day. Went on 6 rides total in 3 five hour long days at Disney World and visited Epcot, Hollywood and Magic Kingdom. Not the best Disney experience I must say.  I'm sure people with kids would have a different rating for Disney World but as someone who is in their twenties, cannot have a good time at of the Disney Worlds.  Lines are long and again averaged about 2 rides in a 5 hour period.  Just not the best idea to vacation to, we learned our lesson.
Never again.  I made a pilgrimage to Disney World in February and I won't be back. Stayed at the Disney Pop Resort and felt like I was a hostage.  The food at Disney World was not very good and very expensive as were the tickets!  It was like work, taking buses, having to make reservations for meals, long lines & the new fast pass. Everything was very expensive, it was almost like Disney was trying to rip me off and take every last dime I had.  My wife wanted to buy some more Disney Pins they were hawking and I said, "I haven't seen the pins from five years ago and If you buy another pin you'll bankrupt us all!" I find no joy at Disney World and the other Disney Parks and god willing I'll never have to go back.  If you want a place that I find joy and their not trying to rip me off, check out Knoebels in Elysburg, PA.  Knoebels is the Anti-Disney World.
this place is absolutely amazing!!!!
I had to make my 300th review something grand and magnificent so it's for my favorite place in the entire land --- Disney World! I've reviewed a million different places at Disney World (see my list of nearly 100 things to do/see/eat at WDW and my top 10 at WDW) so now to review Disney World as a whole. Absolutely nothing compares to it. Everyone is so happy and jovial walking around, that when you see just one crabby person it makes all around them cringe! The workers are Disney amazing and fantastic everywhere you go! They all go way above and way beyond even though they work weird hours on little pay...they are awesome! The rides and shows are simply fantastic! I'm a huge Disney fan, love the movies, love the music, love the characters so I am beyond biased but I've been to the rides & shows a million times without getting sick of them. No other theme park compares on any level. The only way Universal even comes close is on themeing and it's still nowhere close to what Disney does. Of the 4 parks at Disney World, it's hard to pin down a favorite since I love them all. If I had to, I'd say my overall favorite is Epcot. I love World Showcase and being able to travel the world in just a day! Then of course the Magic Kingdom. I am a huge fan of dark rides and love them all here. Plus, walking down Mainstreet for that first time on each trip and seeing Cinderella Castle brings tears to my eyes! I'm a big animal fan so I love Animal Kingdom and in particular the Kilmanjaro Safari! So cool! Then, Disney Hollywood Studios has my new favorite the American Idol Experience and the best thrill rides Tower of Terror and Rock N Rollercoaster. A huge part of my trips when I go to Disney World is the eating! We always work our schedule around yummy restaurants we can get into with my favorites being California Grill (sushi), Artist Point (must try-mushroom soup), Via Napoli (awesome everything!), and Seashore Sweets (treats on the Boardwalk). There are so many amazing festivals like the Food & Wine Festival plus when it's decorated for various holidays it's fun. But for Christmas, it's truly magical! Don't restrict yourself to just the parks! Disney hotels are so much fun to stay with my personal favorite being the Wilderness Lodge (Villas are my favorite). Plus, the boating is tons of fun, Disney themed mini golf, water parks, free transportation all over the park. Love it all! Every single spot at Disney World has it's own reviews, so please check them all out for more specific information on more specific locations! :) If you've never been to Disney World, you must go!!! Message me and I'll send you a list of tips I've created for noobs going!
Where do I start? The rides are amazing, imaginative and fun.  They bring back memories of childhood movies.  They're nostalgic even if you haven't been here before (or as a child).  They may be aimed at children, but adults can easily enjoy them too. We loved every ride we went on. All the parks are beautiful, amazing, imaginative, and clean. They're also all really fun!  Try to see as much as you can! I promise, next time you will see something you didn't notice before! The shows at the parks are incredible! The fireworks are just awesome! The food is (for the most part) all pretty good! It is definitely worth the price!  And you will have memories forever!  This is one of the most magical and romantic vacations we've had yet! Can't wait to come back!
Whether you are a little kid or a big kid, or maybe too old for that young soul inside, Disney World means happiness, no matter what languages you were born to speak. Oh, when you are here, you definitely will hear multilingual conversation. Everyone in the world come and collect in Orlando, usually during season (May-October, November-December.) I came one year during early February; it was a little bit on the chilly side (who would have guessed?) but no crushing crowd whatsoever. WARNING: NEVER GO TO DISNEY WORLD DURING SEASON! Actually, never go to Orlando during season, not unless you like other people's sweating armpits nose-length from your nostril. Avoid the lines, trust me, if you plan your route right, you will have plenty of time to come back to the popular ones just when the park is about to close. Trust the words of this three-season veteran. Regardless, there are just so many things to see, and even more things to do even just in the main park. I lost count of how many pictures with all the princesses I have in my picture box, or the pictures of the firework every night, or the pictures of the parade. Walt Disney World is definitely where magic happens. (Good thing I saved my #400 review. I think Disney World deserves the special dedication.)
I can't say a single thing bad about this place. It's amazing and everyone should go here at least once in their liftime.
Started this review in August 2011 and since I'm about to go back in Oct 2012, I should probably complete this review. I'm one of the biggest kids  (at heart) I know.  I proved it by spending $237.50 for a two day hopper pass at the front gate of Hollywood Studios. Why?  You ask?  Well of course like most things, the people who said they can hook you up with free entrance are full of hog-wash, and in his world you gotta pay to play.   No one understands the term, pay to play like Walt did (does).   I love our family trips to Disney World, it the one place where age really does not matter.  I have just as much fun here now that my children are grown than I did when they were smaller. My mother too....maybe its because the kids can now do what they want to do, and we can go our separate ways do the rides and attractions we want to do and then we all meet up and have a meal or meet a character together. Transportation throughout  the park is easy with a capital easy.  Especially if you are staying in a Disney Property hotel.  Membership does have it privileges, because most times those staying at a Disney hotel can earn early entry into a park to snag a seat on a ride or attraction before the crowds show up. What I found out I enjoyed most about our last trip is that you do NOT have to tote your purchase around Disney all day.  This came up because the daughter lost a bag less than 30 minutes after its purchase and she was bummed, but you can have you purchases taken to the front gate for pick up as you are leaving the park OR you can have them delivered to your hotel, IF, you are staying at a Disney Property hotel. Our last trip, Epcot was my favorite.  Oh the drinks I drunk while walking the park.   I'm really excited for this years trip as we are going to the International Food and Wine Festival. Yes, it's costly, but as the old saying goes, "Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination."  Oscar Wilde was thinking of Disney World.
I'm gonna say it. Disneyland in LA is better.  People kept pumping Orlando's up by saying it was bigger, how?  More acres for parking does not equate bigger.  The castle is bigger, yes, but you can't go in it anyway. The best parts of Orlando over LA's Disney was: Thunder Mountain was longer, the Tiki Room, except Gilbert Godfrey's addition sucks. The M.C. Escher room in Haunted Mansion, the Cambodia tunnel on Jungle Cruise and The Snow White nightmare, which LA doesn't have. Space Mountain being closed for the next 6 months is a real downer.  The absence of Matterhorn and Indiana Jones, Mr. Toad's wild rides were heavily felt too.  Caution, if you have no problem with 1 million baby strollers biting your ankles in heavy humidity you will be fine.
What can I say. It's Disney! I live in LA so I've been to the one in Anaheim for a bit. So this time we pick the rides we haven't tried. The Small World is really cute and lovely. Horror tower is must try with lost of weight. And the space mission is fun too with added g-force that you can't even raise you feet when the "rocket" is launched. The all nations exhibition area is fun too, we got a good shots of all the cultures. The Chinese one is pretty good bc I came from there. Though the real tower can be 4 times bigger and the real garden can be 10 or even more times bigger. But it got the point of the building style itself. The parade and fireworks at night were always dreamy and fancy. During Christmas time, they decorated the whole casthcle with lights made it like being covered by crystals and snow. Lovely place with all the fairy tale sense there.
We went to Disney World for New Years and although that was a mistake (too crowded and ridiculously long lines), I definately will be back. I love the fantasy of Disneyworld. My daughter is 2 and although everyone was telling me that she was too young, she had a wonderful time and was still talking about it when we got home. There are many parks to hop to, but Magic Kingdom was by far the best for my sassy 2 year old. The parade at night was awesome. Yaaay for Disney World Orlando!
I wanted to share we had a wonderful day at the Magic Kingdom at Disney on Saturday, January, 18th. However, we will never forget how special Peter from Ohio, I believe the Buzz Light Year ride coordinator, made us feel when he spotted my 3 year old son dressed up as Buzz Light Year!  He allowed us to ride the ride again and even shared with us a special portrait of my little guy!   This is a special thank you to Peter for making our trip even more memorable!
Been to Disneyland in CA.. and honestly didn't think it was that much greater.. was still a fun time though
I will never get to an age where I don't love Walt Disney World. It's still as magical and wonderful as it was when I was a young girl! That being said, I do have some comments on the FastPass+ experience my boyfriend and I had during our February 2014 visit. I don't doubt the FP+ system will be wonderful once the bugs were worked out, but the experience was rather cumbersome this go around. My last visit to Disney was in 2012 with my boyfriend (April 2013) for just a day, and while the crowds were heavier because it was a Saturday, we were able to use our Fast Passes without incident. This time, the experience was entirely different. We were staying at the Dolphin, my favorite resort, which is not taking part in the FP+ testing in the parks. (There were several rumors as to why, but I wouldn't trade the Dolphin for anything!) Because of this, we weren't able to schedule our FastPasses ahead of time on our My Disney Experience apps, even though we had bought our tickets ahead of time. Instead we were told to go to the FP+ kiosks in the park and schedule our passes there. FP+ is a really good idea in theory. You're able to choose three fastpasses in a park. Some of the attractions are split into two groups - it forces guests to choose one that's most popular and two from a less popular group so everyone has a relatively fair chance. Once you choose them, everything is synced to your park ticket card, and you're on your way. But here are the issues we encountered: 1. There are incredibly long lines at the FP+ kiosks. There aren't nearly enough set up to accommodate the people that are waiting there. So essentially you're waiting in line to get to where you want to go. This wouldn't be quite so bad, if not for the second issue - 2. When you go to get to your attraction at your designated time, the FP return line is HUGE. HUUUUUUGE. Longer than the standby queue, at that! I couldn't believe how long we were having to wait for something that we were supposed to be able to walk right into. it rather eliminated the point of a FastPass. 3. Because FP+ was available to some guests of the Disney property ahead of time, they were all able to book up their passes early. I'm sure that's supposed to promote staying on the park grounds, but it really made the experience rougher on those of us who didn't have that opportunity. Getting to the Hollywood Studios at 10am and hearing Midway Mania passes are already gone for the day? Not really a lot of fun. So I think FP+ will be a great system once it's made more mainstream, but if it keeps up this way there are going to be some irritated park guests. My boyfriend and I weren't irritable about it the way that other families were, but instilling that kind of elitism in Disney guests - it's going to make things sour across the parks. I've always gone to Disney for a welcoming and friendly environment, while knowing lines will be part of the day. i'm all for cutting down on lines, but if you're going to offer Magic Bands, they should be available to all guests regardless of where they stay. How hard would it be to have a Magic Band variation that wasn't a resort room key, and was just a park ticket instead? I'm sure that's attainable - and it would give everyone the same chance. I believe in you, Disney - here's to hoping things are on the up!
You have to go to Disney more than once and your first stay should be short and focused.  Perhaps only spending one day in each park.  If you have children younger than 7 take a stroller as they will not be able to walk the distances required.  Be sure to use fast pass.  Make dinner reservations long in advance but keep in mind that you will need time to get to that restaurant.  Bring healthy snacks for your kids as a banana at Disney costs $1.39 and most of the food is fast food.  Its a giant Disney Mall and most everything is over priced.  They prey on your kids to buy things that they don't need and bombard them every step of the way.  Be sure to explain this to your kids well in advance.  There are and will be Disney magic moments during your stay so appreciate them as they occur.  All in all you are guaranteed a Magical Stay...
It seemed so magical as a child!  As an adult it's lost some magic but the classic rides are still great.  Space mountain, the teacups, and my favorite, it's a small world after all--it seems like heaven to me! Pack a lunch and water bottle, wear comfy shoes, and expect to spend a lot of money. . .naturally. I think what amazed me the most on this visit was all the little girls made up as princesses with their hair colored, braided and what not. . .so cute!   The huge turkey legs were a shocker to me!!  Reminded me of the Flintstones people walking around chewing and gnawing on them like cavemen. . . whew. . . ride the monorail over, it's quicker than the ferry.  Have fun!! Celebrity Sightings-- Jonas Brothers Kelly Rippa
bleh...it's like the one back home in California.....but with the added bonus of pore clearing humidity and clothes drenching weather... what more can you ask for? wet kids..... lots of them =I
Most magical place on earth! Favorite parks: Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, Blizzard Beach, MGM, Epcot! Universal Studios is right down the road!
What can I really say... Walt Disney World is truly the happiest place on earth. You can completely disconnect from "real life" and revert back to your childhood.  There are quotes by Walt Disney posted in random places throughout the parks, the one that really stuck out to me and describes how I feel when in Disney World is the following one. "I don't want the public to see the world they live in while they're in the Park. I want them to feel they're in another world." -- Walt Disney That's exactly how you feel... from the moment the Disney bus picks you up at the airport, you never see the world outside of Disney until you arrive back at the airport.  For someone like me, that takes trips like this specifically to escape reality, that's HUGE! The staff (or Cast Members as they're referred to) is always greeting you with big smiles and warm personalities. Another nice thing they do throughout all the Disney Parks is, they have photographers all over the place so you can get well framed photos of you and your group without having to do the old "self-shot."  You get a card that they scan so you can find all your pics, from the trip, in one place. One of the more nerve wracking parts of the trip was dealing with my ticket situation.  I had purchased a 3-Day Park Hopper for my girlfriend, through Expedia.  So I wasn't too worried about that one.  But I had three days left on a 5-Day Hopper Pass from the last time I was at Disney, which was 1993.  I was told that there was NO expiration date on it.  So I was hoping I'd be able to save some cash by just using it with no problem.  Walked up to the Will Call window at the Magic Kingdom and handed the guy my Expedia print out... he said, "No problem."  I then handed him my old 5-Day Super Duper Pass from 1993 and asked what I needed to do to use the remaining three days on it...  he said, "No problem, I'll just transfer this on to a new Park Hopper."  The sigh of relief I let out felt SO GOOD!  Everything worked out and once I stepped through the turnstile for the first time I was officially able to completely relax for the rest of the trip.
The Disneyworld of my childhood is far gone.  I remember going, at ages 7-10 and being wowed.  I went with my sister and her four kids this time, and had a much different experience. Disney seems to expect vacationers to plan every second of their visit far in advance. You can tell this because we weren't able to get into ANY restaurant last Saturday. For ANY meal.  We had to eat at counter service restaurants, eating fast food, when we were prepared and willing to pay for a decent sit down meal. We ate at The Land - not the Garden Grill character lunch, but the food court there. Food was meh. I had a meal of an entree, two sides, a drink, and a dessert for $17.  My nephews didn't like the food there so they ate uncrustables. Lines - Here's where it gets interesting. For the first time, we used the iPhone app showing the lines at rides. It was pretty accurate for the most part.  We saw the line for Space Mountain jump from 20 minutes to 70 minutes at one point. Why?  Because they had tons of Brazilian school groups all converging on one ride at a time.  If we got ahead of one group, it was fine. If we got caught behind one...forget it.  We were miserable and we left the Magic Kingdom because of it. We went over to Epcot and it was a lot better over there. All in all...a meh experience. I know Disney tries so hard to make every single experience wonderful, but it just didn't do it for us this time.
Oh Disney, you can be so much more! I really think the need a new creative director.  The parks need updating, the hotels decor are cheesy, the food is overpriced, processed garbage and the staff is getting ruder by the minute.  Back in the 80's and 90's Disney was the bomb now it seriously bombs at times.   For a place that is supposed to be so kid friendly they sure are ANTI-STROLLER! Oh a please Disney get hand sanitizing stations- You can afford them.!!!!!  I am trying to keep this review to the point so read my other reviews on Disney venues for specifics.
I worked at Disney World as an intern, it was my first time entering there, and it is the best experience anybody can receive. They take pride in customer service, being the cleanest place on Earth, the buffets have a variety of different food options, and the magic there bring people together.
When I was 24, I had plantar fasciitis (its an extremely painful foot problem)  the first time that I went to the Magic Kingdom and Epcot.  I rented a wheelchair because of the lines.  If you only knew how painful my feet were.  Little did I know that this wheelchair rental is like the best loop hole to avoiding long lines and hopper passes!  You can see the whole park in half the time with a wheelchair in your party!  It was great!  And they really take care of handicapped people at the parks.  No, not to say you should take advantage of Disney World, but...  oh wait, they take advantage of plenty of people!  Rent a wheel chair!  It's only $10.
My husband and I wanted to have a no fuss, fun honeymoon and decided to do it in Disney World. It was awesome. We stayed at one of the resorts, Coronado, and it was easy to get around without a car. There were buses which went to all 4 parks as well as Downtown Disney, the water parks, as well as some of the other resort hotels. Though we paid more compared to renting a house or staying at a non Disney place, it was worth it for the convenience. All 4 parks were great but the Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios were our favorites. We went during August so it was extremely hot and crowded with families. It was also rainy so we had to buy ponchos. We went for 8 days which was a tad long... but it was nice not to feel rushed and we were able to visit parks multiple times. It also gave us time to go to Universal Studios to check out Islands of Adventure!
I can not believe what I read before writing this Yelp.  Come on people....get a grip.  Just because you have the ability to write something up on something, doesn't mean you actually have to write something mean spirited.  Disney World is the greatest place on earth.  Especiialy, the Orlando Disney.  Yes, we all know it is hot in the summer.  You would be an idiot to go to a place like this in the summer.  The people that go to a place like this in August are the one's from Europe who want a cheaper vacation because it is OFF SEASON.  Everyone knows this..... Disney World is a national treasure.  The rides are awesome, the grounds and facilities are clean and well kept, the staff is ultra friendly and it is a total fantasy land.  A place where you can let loose and be a kid for a day. I only wish I had more time to go more often.  It would never get old. If anyone from Disney reads this Yelp - please answer this question - who is the casting director for Snow White?  Last time I was there, you guys had this total HOTTIE working as Snow White.  You could toally see some cleavage!  Great job on hiring a hot chick!  Makes the Daddies come back for more :-)
Surprisingly, Walter Disney World didn't make me as excited as Disneyland in CA. I think it is because this place is overwhelmingly huge!!! Yes it has more theme parks than the one in CA, but honestly, the extra parks aren't THAT great. I still love Magic Kingdom theeeee BEST!!! I came here as a kid, but when I came back here recently, nothing clicked. Everything seemed so new to me again! Animal Kingdom - UHM I defs did not know this was suppose to be a zoo. I thought this was going to be like Lion King Land and was completely expecting that. Going in here I was even like, "I feel like I am in a zoo" and the boy was like uhhhh it is suppose to be a zoo! lol. Cool part is the petting of the animals. Yes they smell, but they are so cute! Epcot - Why is it called Epcot? Reminds me of apricot. This place just replicates countries all around the world. Their "Chinatown" is seems fake yet real at the same time. I really liked it though just because it was so lively. There are no rides here...Everything is so still and "historic" like...kinda boring Magic Kingdom - Literally like the one in LA. Fantasyland is a new addition to this park! I liked the gokart/race track that they have here. Other than that the rides are pretty much the same as CA, so Californians.... you aren't missing much! Hollywood Studios - uhh yeah didn't make it there. These were the only 3 theme parks we made it too. It takes forever and a day to get to the parking lot after Magic Kingdom though. The park closes EARLY too! Why?! You have to wait in those long lines to get to the shuttle to the parking lot. THENNNN wait again for another tram to take you to the right parking lot. GAH what a struggle. Overall I had fun here. I guess I just felt like everything is more happy and the people working at D-land in CA are much more friendlier!
The cost ruins all the magic!!  Over $120 per person "per park."  In 3 days we went to three parks. Over $1000.00 just in tickets!!!!   What a rip off.  We should have stayed home and gone to 6 flags.   If you go to Florida, I recommend the beach, NASA, and Bush Gardens.  Both my kids liked Bush Gardens better.
I just love Walt Disney World!  Love it love it love it!  If it were a big cheesecake, I'd gorge myself until I was fat and happy! The number one tip to remember at Walt Disney World is to RELAX!  Some people let the massiveness of the park overwhelm them and try to cram everything into a few hours.  Just go with the flow and explore the park freely.  You will have a MUCH better time than if you plan everything down to the minute. Food tips: Make sure to get a Mickey Premium Ice Cream bar!  They are heaven on a stick and a must-eat for sure.  The Food & Wine Festival is also to-die-for and I would highly recommend the Escargot!  When you're at Animal Kingdom, try a Frozen Chocolate Banana, mmm! Entertainment Highlights: Finding Nemo the Musical and Festival of the Lion King will certainly get you in the Disney spirit!  Wishes Nighttime Spectacular, Fantasmic and Illuminations are great to end the night. FREE: Club Cool in Epcot lets you sample soda from around the world!  Try the Beverly ;)  Get your free Duffy on a stick at the World Showcase!  And snag some awesome celebration pins at Guest Relations!
It has finally happened! The days when u cld expect to visit a Disney park and actually ride more than three rides are over. Disney way over sells tickets every day and the bulk of your time will be spent standing in line. Fast pass is a joke. So if you do not mind standing in line 8 hours per day... You will love it.
It doesn't matter if you're young or old, the Disneyworld theme parks is a spectacle. It's hard to imagine that an idea that was created by Walt Disney has grown and evolved into the attraction that is seen today. Words cannot simply explain the wonder and magnificence that is situated in this tourist city. The park is always continually evolving bringing new and fresh ideas to each park: Hollywood Studios: Is it me or does it seem like there's always a dance going on in the main stage. Main street is an excellent throwback to the golden era of Hollywood with vintage store decor. The Jedi Academy is great for younglings wishing to duel Darth Vader. The newly revamped Star Tours now has updated visual making you truly feel your on an intergalactic adventure (with random planets on each visit!). The Aerosmith ride has lots of polish making you feel like you truly are being invited by Aerosmith. The Tower of Terror is a tried and true favorite and the lack of cleaning gives it a vintage horror ride. Lastly, be sure to grab fast passes to the Toy Story ride as it's one of the best attractions. A highly interactive carnival experience will delight both kids and adults. Magic Kingdom: The park that started it all. You'll get a taste of the original vision that Walt had with Splash Mountain and his futuristic Space Mountain themed area. The organization has now created a new area from the pages of Beauty and the Beast and they clearly took this task seriously as they recreated Belle's castle and the fun tavern of Gaston. They've revamped the Dumbo ride and now has transformed into a full blown circus areas which will further excite children. Lastly, the iconic castle stands proudly in the middle as a shining example that dreams do come true. Epcot: An adults excursion as countries around the world come to life with recreations of iconic areas. Hiring authentic staff from each country also brings the authenticity to life. Prices to sample and experience food and drink are high but well worth it in  pavilions such as Japan and France: be sure to enjoy the soft served ice cream in the French pavilion as it's one of the best I've ever tasted. Lastly, don't forget to stick around for the firework show as the finale will leave you in awe. Animal Kingdom: I'm glad they emphasized on wildlife and nature as you will see trees sprawled across the park. The tree of Life in the middle cannot be missed and is amazing to take pictures with. The safari adventure will bring you pretty close to some exotic animals such as black rhinos, hippos, and giraffes. Be sure to check out the thrilling yeti ride as the surprises are well worth the wait. One last note, be sure to stock up on patience and make sure your children are around the 6-10 range (so they can fully experience Disney). Tourists all over the world will flock here and it's a shame to be turned off by rude and obnoxious travelers.
Who doesn't like Disney? It is magical and wonderful and everything good in the world. It is one of the only things that makes me happy to say I was born in Florida. Go to Disney everyone. If you don't, you do not deserve to smile.
This is the most extravagant fantasy filled fun family and even relationship bonding spot that I really want to go back to a few more times before I die and share more incredible experiences with my family and boyfriend. It's not just for kids boys and girls. I can't see myself being disappointed with Disney even when I'm 90 years old but maybe thats only because I'm really stimulated by experiences like this and it just makes me happy, memories and all. You could spend an entire day in any park including the water parks. If you get the park hopper pass you're best off, and if you get a hotel that is close to everything or offers transportation you'll be doing alright for yourself. Animal Kingdom, Epcot (you appreciate it more when you're older), Typhoon Lagoon, Blizzard Beach, The downtown area, the themed mini golf course (off park grounds), "Hollywood Studios" (pfft, MGM!!!), and Magic Kingdom (of course). Spend maybe a week and a half if not 2 weeks on your trip and enjoy. Even when it's a little chilly you're still guaranteed a really great trip. A light coat won't weigh you down, trust me!
Always the most amazing experience I remember everything form 86 and 91...both times I went.
I love Disney! Disneyworld is much bigger and better then Disneyland. The size of the park does require some careful planning though. Disney does a great job of transporting one between parks, but be advised the process does take time as they are a couple miles apart. Main Street is amazing, the castle view in the background is a must see. The staff at Disney is overall very good and the environment is such a fun place to be! If you have never been to Disneyworld before, be sure to make it a place on your must visit list!
Ah, Walt Disney World.  Officially "The Most Magical Place on Earth", it's been called a lot of things by a lot of different people.  The challenge, of course, is to come up with something that another Yelper hasn't already said about perhaps the most visited tourist attraction on Earth. Walt Disney World is a 4.8 out of 5 star experience.  The service consistently exceeds expectations, and the immersion really takes you out of the surrounding world and into a parallel universe.  The resort's strengths far outweigh its prominent, though relatively minor, shortcomings. It's a well-known fact that Walt Disney World Cast Members don't work there for the pay.  Despite the low wages, extreme heat, and crazy Guests that they have to deal with, the Cast Members really make the Disney experience special.  My parents and I have taken the Keys to the Kingdom Tour at the Magic Kingdom, and Brick, our tour guide, made us all feel welcome and at home during the entire tour.  The international Cast Members at Epcot and other locations throughout the World bring a distinctive flair to dining in World Showcase, for example - the ritual and attentive service at the Japan Pavilion is particularly notable.  We're frequent golfers at Walt Disney World, and the on-course staff, such as the beverage cart attendants and the player assistants, are all friendly, helpful, and willing to share great stories or animal sightings with us.  And, one of the neatest experiences was when a bus driver, unable to use the automated announcement system on the bus, engaged all the passengers in a Christmas sing-along on the way to one of the parks. The location and design of Walt Disney World really takes you out of the hustle and bustle of Central Florida and puts you in a much nicer and cleaner place.  All four Theme Parks, and all of the resorts that I have seen, are immaculate.  (Consider that upwards of 35,000 people, and frequently more, go through each park every day.)  The roads and road signs make sense, which is something I'm not used to since I am from Massachusetts.  And, the different modes of transportation make the experience special.  I ride a train to work every day, but there's just something so cool about taking the monorail or riding a boat to a park at Walt Disney World that makes me look forward to it. WDW does have a few shortcomings.  First, we have been going twice a year for the past five years, and we have noticed that the quality and variety of food offerings have gone down.  I attribute this to the Disney Dining Plan.  Since so many Guests are using it, and since Disney is pushing it like crazy, some of the menu items we used to look forward to (such as the filet mignon at The Brown Derby) have disappeared.  And, there seems to be some duplication at a few of the restaurants on property, sometimes within the same complex.  For example, the Captain's Grille and the Yachtsman Steakhouse at the Yacht Club are somewhat similar in offerings, though certainly not in price.  Additionally, you *cannot* get a good slice of pizza almost anywhere on property!  You would think that with all the New Yorkers who live in Central Florida, you could find good pizza.  Well, except for Wolfgang Puck Express at Downtown Disney, you can't.  My brother tried Pizzafari at Animal Kingdom, and he said he was "Pizzafended".  Ditto the pizza stand at Boardwalk. Second, Disney has killed the nightlife.  Pleasure Island is gonzo, to be replaced by more (outside) restaurants, and Disney underplays its big remaining "adult" options, the Atlantic Dance Hall and Jellyrolls (though the latter is a lot of fun).  While there are some great hotel bars, and I have a good friend who works at one of them, they almost all close at midnight or earlier.  One would think that Disney would try to attract more convention business and keep people spending their money on property.  Now, there were certainly problems with Pleasure Island before, but I think Disney killed a goose that could have laid golden eggs by not solving those problems and instead shutting all the clubs down. Overall, like Lillian Disney, I think Walt would have approved of what has become of Walt Disney World.  It's still my favorite vacation destination, and the fact that things keep changing does bring me back and keep me engaged.  If you've never been, go!  It's not just for kids!
4 parks in one day? It CAN be done! My friends and I went early November and got to experience the Disney magic! Here are some of the favorites.. Animal Kingdom- Nemo show was so good!! That Everest ride was FUNN!! All the decorations!! the animals! Jurassic Park ride! Hollywood Studios- Startours! rock and roller coaster!! Tower of terror!!! I really wanted to try out for American Idol...but...too chicken. Magic Kingdom- Splash Mtn (huge log vs DL)! Wishes firework show! We were lucky enough to get to stay until 3AM b/c we were a disney resort guest!! I loved how theres hardly a wait, but the bad thing was hardly any of the eateries were still open. The stitch "ride" was an interesting surprise. The Monster's show was pretty good too. I love not having any expectations. Epcot- Food and Wine Festival!! Test Track!! Chinese acrobats! I would pass on the space training..but the make your own video from space was pretty entertaining. So in total, we were there for 17 hours straight. If I got to do it again, I'd probably fit in a nap somewhere and wear pants. and bring a thicker jacket. It did sprinkle on and off throughout the night. A great day all thanks to my cuz!!
(I've reviewed rides I love; this review is for WDW as a whole..minus Animal Kingdom cause I've been once and it's fuzzy) I've been five times, the latest being December '11. It was my first time ever going any other time besides the dead heat of summer. I happen to be a big fan of hot weather, but I do know to most people it is stinkin' hot at Disney in July. However, it doesn't ruin the experience or anything. Disney does a good job of distracting you from the heat. That being said, Disney in December was wonderful. Jeans and t-shirts all day, light jacket in the morning, light jacket at night... it was perfect. I personally love Magic Kingdom the most because it is what you think of when you hear Disney: Cinderella Castle, the busy main street shops, Dumbo ride, Space Mountain, etc. It's all here and the atmosphere is awesome. I haven't yet had a negative experience with customer service. Everyone seems like they love their jobs. I know I would. Epcot is a close second. The World Showcase is what I go for, although there are some cool things to do on the other side (like Soarin'!) And Turtle Talk is adorable. I definitely recommend spending the bulk of the day in the World Showcase! I've known some people to not even reach it in their visit. Don't make that mistake! We tend to spend the morning on the other side and head over to the Showcase at lunch and spend the rest of the day there. There are plenty of sit-down and quick service food options. Oh! And you can get a passport (in any gift shop) and get it stamped and a written message from each country. That can be really fun for kids! Honestly, I go to MGM for two things: the Rock 'n' Rollercoaster and the Tower of Terror. Not to say that there's not more to do, but if you're looking for those warm fuzzies, you're in the wrong park. WDW is not a rollercoaster park. It wasn't intended to be. So if you're looking for huge thrills, this isn't exactly the place, although there definitely ARE some thrill rides! Adults can really enjoy themselves here, too. :) I'm a planner and I hate the feeling of wandering around and wasting time. If that's your thing, cool. But if it's not, I recommend finding out which rides get big lines fast and doing the fast passes for them. And don't wait to get them, because some run out before the day's over. I will never understand it when I see people waiting in a 2+ hour line for Space Mountain while I walk up and wait 10-15 minutes because I have a fast pass. Do those people come and do like three rides or something? If you plan it right you can get a lot done in one day. I know it's about enjoying yourself, so I'm not so rigid that it's all about getting to the next thing, but missing out on a lot of stuff isn't exactly fun either. Also, you may want to plan around the shows that they have throughout the day. One thing to be aware of in Magic Kingdom: if you're going to stick around for the fireworks, don't expect to do rides right up until the time of the show. The first night we were in Magic Kingdom, we wanted to save the fireworks for the second night, so we tried leaving right around the time of the show. Not so smart. The crowds were stopped and it was sorta nightmarish. We weren't exactly in that cheery Disney mood when we finally got outta there. If you want to be close enough to get a good view, come at least an hour early. We got there at 7 for a 9 o'clock showing and got a perfect spot right behind the Walt and Mickey statue (where they're holding hands). It's not necessary to get there 2 hours beforehand but in this case, my sister's boyfriend was proposing so getting the perfect spot was critical. :) After the proposal, (they were open til 12am that night) most of the crowds were out the door after the fireworks so we were able to go do some of our favorite rides one last time. We did Thunder Mountain Railroad three times in a row, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain (not so smart when it's a chilly night...) So anyway, if you miss out on a popular ride during the day, if the park's open late you may want to hit that up. The crowds can be overwhelming sometimes (although that depends on the time of year you go) but you kinda have to decide not to sweat it. Find out when the parks are busiest. Google it. AND FOR PETE'S SAKE, we KNOW it is expensive. You just gotta accept it. If you go into every store saying ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! you will be miserable. Allow enough $ so you don't have to worry about it. You'll be much happier that way! One thing's for sure, I've never been with kids and I can imagine that is probably a whole different ball game. I've only ever been with others who can go go go. We go when it opens and leave when it closes. Get your money's worth! I am completely head over heels for Disney. The movies have always been a part of my life and this, I am sure, largely contributes to my feelings for WDW. I have no idea what it is like to not be a fan and come to the parks! Sounds sad, really!
Whoever said Disneyland was the Happiest Place on Earth is LYING. DISNEY WORLD IS A GAZILLION TIMES BETTER than Disneyland!!!TRULY THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! We stayed 7-days, 6-nights with WaterPark option and all facets to this operation were smooth and we really did have a MAGICAL experience here. Talk about running a tight ship. Whoever hires and trains these Cast Members is doing a great job and I'd love to read their Policy & Procedures manual. Everything was on time, clean, all answers consistent, people always nice, and life couldn't have been easier. The only disappointment is when we had to leave!! It was the peak of summer and 102 degrees, ultra crowded, (3 kids) but had two infants with me so imagine the hassle of getting them in/out of the stroller before/after EVERY single ride, show, bus, dinner, etc. A lot of people probably would've called it an experience from hell but saying "We had a great time and never wanted to leave" says a lot! There's so much history and so many things to do/see, I think if I stayed here a month then maybe that would be long enough to truly take everything in. Staying on-site at a Disney Resort made things super convenient at the park because it entitled us to many FREE park priveledges and all-inclusive options that are only available to Resort guests. Magical express airport & baggage transportation, free transportation basically anywhere, charging park purchases to your room key and shipping them to your room, extended (extra magic) park hours, being able to replace your park tickets using your room key, disney dining plan that is totally worth it especially for the character dining and VIP seating for Fantasmic, and the list goes on.... Everything was soooo convenient and this place is HUGE. Not just the main theme parks itself but also the waterparks, lodging, it was like our own little world where everything is perfect and we were lucky enough to be able to enjoy all of it. It's pricey but bundle everything together and it's totally worth it. Everyday we say, "We miss DisneyWorld..!!!" ALREADY PLANNING OUR NEXT TRIP BACK!!!! $$$$$$$
What else can I say but THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH. I recently went during the third week of January and it was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!!!! I stayed at the Wilderness Lodge with my GF and we stayed for 6 nights on the Deluxe dining plan. I had the forethought to make Lunch and Dinner reservations for each day we had at the park plus the Spirit of Aloha show. We had just the most fantastic time, it was worth the money.  I love Disney.
I finally got to spend my birthday here which was a dream I had since I was a kid. It's a huge park if you consider all four of the separate parks that constitute the World of Disney. You'll need a week and even though you might think that you don't, you do. MK and Epcot are big and even if you get AK and HS done in a day, the other two will wipe you out. I assume that I loved it as a kid, and I definitely loved it as a teenager and now as an adult, I have a different kind of appreciation for it. Instead of going at the opening of the day to the park, we went around noon and got to enjoy it at a slower pace. We even opted to try the Christmas Party which was a nice thing to experience (the "fake" snow, the shorter lines, the limited amount of people actually in the park, the character meetings and finally the free hot chocolate, cookies, and apple slices). I enjoy it -- sure, I couldn't do it year after year, but it's amazing and it's a great way to get your fill of all that is Disney.
This place apparently has a rodent infestation. I saw two giant ones wandering around interacting with the little kids.
Its the happiest place on earth! Or in reality it can be the most stressful places  long line very crowded place veeeery hoooot! But if you can stand that its the happiest place
The best Disney themepark in the entire world.  Been to the others...they do not compare.  Magic Kingdom is where it's at
It's the Happiest Place on Earth! But seriously, as a Florida resident, the Magic Kingdom is the best theme park you can take your kids to. Be prepared, because it is expensive as hell, though.
Wow, this place is huge!  A good change from the one back home in LA.  You need more than a day to really see all of this place, but I was fine with just a day.  They have something for everyone here.  I really enjoy the fast trak tickets where you put in your admission ticket, then can come back to ride a ride and only wait maybe 5-10 minutes later on in the day.  This places gets very crowded, so come early.
Listen... my last experience was petrifying!  So crowded ( and yes I did chose to go on an off time ) and the fast pass idea.was.the.worst! You could only chose one fast pass at a time! What is up with that!?! If I could chose between Universal Orlando Florida and WDW I would forever chose Universal!
It's been more than 8 months since we made a trip to Walt Disney World, primary reason I instigated this trip was to visit Animal Kingdom, when I first went to WDW in 1995,  there was no Animal Kingdom then.   Everything I saw was what I expected,  January weather in Orlando is like March or April weather here in Stockton, CA, sunny,  not too cold and not too warm, perfect time to visit 3 theme parks (Magic Kingdom, Epcot and of course Animal Kingdom), we didn't spend lot of time at Magic Kingdom because  we went straight there fromRed Eye Flight, missed first 2 hours after the park was open.  My favorite moments were being taken pictures with Disney Characters at  Character Specialty restaurants and taking pictures of them.  The last day (it was 3 ngihts 4 days trip to WDW), we were transported to Port Canaveral to board Disney Dream for 4 days Bahama cruise.
What can I say that hasn't been said in 65 reviews? WDW is a stellar family park. I remember going with my family as a child and my first job was at Tomorrow Land Terrace! So when we took my son for the first time last weekend it brought back a lot of memories. Yes, it is crowded. And we intentionally waited until the off-season, on a weekday but we still had 30-40 minute waits on some rides. Try keeping a 14 month old entertained cramped in a hot, smelly line for 40 minutes! Overall we had a great time and most importantly my son enjoyed himself. Having never taken a child to a theme park before we didn't know what to expect. I was happy to see he was welcomed on most rides and he did great on all that he rode (he wasn't even scared by the Haunted Mansion!) but his favorite was the Jungle Cruise. We also rode Small World, Dumbo, the Carousel, Pirates and while the kiddo napped (and Grandparents waited) my hubby and I got on Splash and Thunder Mountain. The key to line control is using the fast pass well. Get a fast pass for one ride then wait for another that is nearby while you wait for your time to come up for the fast pass. This worked out great for Splash and Thunder Mountains since they are right next to each other. We rode both in only 30 minutes. Of course I've been to Disney many, many times and have ridden most everything but some of the newer rides. We didn't bother with waiting for Winnie the Pooh or Peter Pan because the lines stayed long all day (40minutes plus) and I know the rides are short. Dumbo had the longest wait while we walked right on Pirates. A few new things we experienced... you rent a stroller for $15 (no deposit or refund for returning it by the way) and it is super hard plastic. It wasn't very conducive for napping. My boy really liked the play areas for toddlers, especially in the toon area. I do wish they would limit the ages in these areas though; in an area obviously meant for little kids there were way older ones practically mowing down the toddlers. We saw the "Year of a million dreams" parade which was ho-hum, a let-down for Disney. The food is expensive and a balloon we bought him was $10! But, you expect that at Disney. Another thing I forgot how much I hated is the long, drawn out system that takes you between the actual park and your car. You are forced into either riding the ferry or the stinky, hot monorail. At the end of a long day the last thing you want to is have to sweat it out on a monorail that AC is broken waiting to get to your car for an hour drive home. There is nothing like Disney. The staff is friendly, the parks are clean and they do one damn fine theme ride (ie. Splash mountain) even if the rides are mild... but this is a family park! PS- It helped our experience that we have a cast member friend who got us in for free... I couldn't imagine how a family could afford theme park tickets, food and hotel!
Two stars because they have the stupid thing called "fast pass" that lets people cut in line.  The regular line moves at a snails pace while the only lay the fast pass people through.  Why can't people just wait in line!
I never really was much of a Disney kid.... went there once when I was young - but I really had more fun at universal studios. And most of all places like six flags/kings island/etc. There are a couple rides that give you a bit of a thrill but overall this place is just a giant money gobbling tourist trap. Yeah I said it....ITS A TRAP. It really is though, you cant leave once you get there, unless you want to pay out the ass for a cab ride.... there is a bus line or two (orlando's public transit system) but it doesn't run very often or very late. It is cheap though. Oh and those public transit buses are hard to find too. To top it off they got rid of all the clubs/bars in downtown disney/pleasure island....replaced with overpriced restaurants and shops. So really the only worthwhile thing for 21+ people is epcot. The only reason I say this is because each country area there has beer/drinks/food form that country. This can make for a very fun night, especially on new years eve. Italy and China had large dance floors with DJs also on NYE. I am not saying I have to drink or go to a bar to have a good time...but its nice to do AT LEAST a few nights out of the week when your on vacation, right?
Happiest Place on Earth......Say no more. I have been a lifelong fan of everything Disney. Nothing will ever change. Love the parks, rides, food, hotels, everything. I seriously have nothing bad to say about the Walt Disney World resort.
Oh Mickey, you're so fine! You're so fine you blow my mind! Hey Mickey!!! Hey Mickey!!!
Tips/advice 1.  Use Fastpass. 2.  Stay @ a Disney Resort. 3.  Make ADR's a.s.a.p. (Advance Dinner Reservations) 4.  Avoid major holidays and spring breaks. 5.  Utilize Extra Magic Hours. (see item 2 above) 6.  Plan your day, but don't over kill, enjoy the Magic! 7.  Wear comfortable shoes.  More than one pair.
Ummm, who wouldn't love DISNEY!?!  Why bother writing a review unless you are giving it five stars?  There is something for everyone but be prepared to spend the dough.  We went for a character breakfast at the May Cafe at the Beach Club resort.  It was a hoot, the food was amazing, the drinks were a plenty and we had three!!  THREE characters come by and say hi to us, and they were great for Gus.  This was the first time he was meeting characters and he didn't scream, but was wary of them... it was cute! If you go make sure you know where to take breaks!  Also to see any attraction make sure you head there early if you have favorites.  If you are handicapped, know you can still go on many rides and there is usually a special line.   Next time we go, we are going to stay at a resort and do it up!!!  If you've never been make sure to stop and get a "First Time" button!!!!
My 2nd home, who needs to go anywhere else.
How can you not love all things Disney??? HOW? Its almost impossible. Originally from California I have been to Disneyland and so has my husband. Disneyworld is pretty much the same but just a tad bigger. So we decided to spend our hard earned cash and energy at EPCOT!! This place is heaven for a foodie. There are five countries to visit ranging from Italy to France to Norway. We happened to be there during a two month long food and wine festival that had stations for about 15 other countries that offered foods that they are famous for. Now at first we were really skeptical about the food thinking this is just park food. We were wrong! The food was incredible. I am still thinking about the Napoleon cake we had in France and the Escargot. WOW. Just wow. Prices were pretty reasonable as well. Besides the food there was your regular Disney fair. I am not ashamed to admit that I had to hunt down Winnie the Pooh to get an awesome pic with him. Epcot is def for the older crowd especially in the international showcase section while future land can and does go both ways. All ages are welcome and will enjoy!!
It's been just a couple years since I was here, but I still have my autograph book, and I got every single darn character! Expensive, yes. But seriously, aren't a kid's dreams and hopes and formative years truly priceless? Pay up, folks, or you'll pay for therapy later. Way more expensive than a trip to the big DL.
Disney World brings cartoons to life.  The Magic Kingdom is great - for YOUNG kids. Just about every family had at least one stroller - most with double wides. You'd better be into screaming kids and too-young-babies if you visit. Food choices are not bad, and the whole staff is very happy and friendly.  Go off season and utilize the Fast Pass option to greatly reduce lines and waiting time.
We went here for our senior trip. I didn't think I would have that much fun, but it turned out to be really great. We went to all of the parks (excluding the water parks) and all of them turned out to be great. I especially enjoyed Epcot and The Magic Kingdom. There's a ton of stuff for folks of all ages to do and lots of shopping if you're into that type of thing. All of the innovative rides and "set type" buildings were very cool. Almost every ride I went on was awesome. The passes that allow you to skip ahead in line are a must because there are tons of people there. Food is a downside here in a way. The Moroccan place was a very cool experience (at least for me), but everything else was kind of lame. For instance; the taco place in The Magic Kingdom. Horribly generic and overpriced. It tasted just like Taco Bell. I'd prefer something a little more unique for that kind of money. There were some good meals in the park, but the best meals took place outside the park. In summary: You gotta go at least once in your life. It's worth it, though and you'll have a lot of fun with all of that Disney innovation. Fun for the whole family, if you will.
At $37.00 for a full day ticket this place is a value.  Mr. Toad's Wild Ride is worth the price of admission itself.  I found the scene in Pirates of the Caribbean with pirates chasing the ladies to be a little rapey, but well: Pirates. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea used to scare the crap out of me, but here is a pro tip: the submarines don't even go all the way under water. It is an illusion!  Not to digress, but I recently learned that the Jules Verne novel's title referred to length of journey, not depth, which totally makes sense. Best place to trip on acid: Sky Ride. Best place to slip and fall: the exit to Big Thunder Mountain. This is my review.
AMAZING...Thats all I have to say!!!
Everything from the traditional Disney experience at the Magic Kingdom to water parks and movie studios, Walt Disney World provides a total entertainment experience that Disneyland just can't match. There's Free WiFi throughout all of the parks.  That really helps when sharing photos with friends and family while you're on your vacay. The food selection is pretty good at the parks....except for the Magic Kingdom which is mostly traditional amusement park food....not quite the selection of EPCOT and MGM Studios.  Also, only 1 place has Beer/Wine in the Magic Kingdom...and I understand they want to keep it cool for kids...I get it. The experience doesn't come cheap though.  It's pretty pricey to buy tickets, eat, drink and stay here.  Not only that, but you'll need at least 2 to 3 weeks to properly visit all of the parks.  There's just no way you can see everything within a regular 7 or 10 day vacation. During our recent trip, we were only able to see the Magic Kingdom, Disney MGM Studios, and EPCOT.  Next time we will check out the other parks. It truly is the Happiest Place on Earth. Return Factor - 98%
I love Disney World, and hope to one day work for them! I have gone there every year for the past 12 years! I would highly suggest that everyone check out MOUSE SAVERS (do a google search) its a newsletter sent to your email, and that's how I found out about the FREE Disney Dining plan! I have eaten almost every restaurant in Disney for free! Drink, Appetizer, Entree, Dessert, and Tip. Can not wait to go back.
I LOVE this place. There is nothing quite like it at all anywhere else in the world. Magic Kingdom: My absolute FAVORITE park in the whole wide world. I love all of the original attractions. Peter Pan, small world, Country Bear Jamboree-- they're all so special. And who doesn't like to meet characters? With the New Fantasyland expansion there are even more places to meet characters! The Wishes fireworks show is breathtaking. I feel like I'm 6 years old again when I watch it. The best viewing place is by the statue of Walt Disney holding Mickey's hand. Everyone who keeps talking about how they love Disneyland so much more can stay in California. Epcot: Very informative and entertaining. Rides like Living With the Land and Spaceship Earth and super educational and fun at the same time! Try soda from around the world! Epcot is also a great place to meet characters. They're located in the a World Showcase. Illuminations is only okay, you could probably skip it and get in line for Soarin instead. Hollywood Studios: Not very many characters here. You can meet The Incredibles and Wreck It Ralph and Sorcerer Micky! This park also has the best thrill rides. Rock n Rollercoaster and Tower of Terror are both amazing! Also, Fantasmic is a must see!!! Animal Kingdom: This park is basically a huge zoo! Save yourself some time and ride Kilimanjaro Safaris to see the animals from a vehicle. Expedition Everest and Dinosaur are the two "big" rides at AK. Try to get fastpasses, though. The lines can get long. Something else I'd like to address is the long lines. Obviously, it's going to be crowded. This is one of the top tourist attractions for America. You're going to get long lines and crowded streets. There's no getting around it. I believe that Walt Disney World is something that everyone should experience at least one time.
Transportation is overwhelmed. Teresa in guest relations at the Magic Kingdom yells at you if you dare ask a question about The Rules. Crowds are insane. No ride of any consequence is doable without a Fast Pass, and those run out mid-day. Waste of a couple thousand dollars.
I freekin' LOVE Disney World...my friend and I wanted to go in but it was 11pm and we didn't want to pay.  One of the workers there let us in if we would make fools of ourselves...we were more than willing to oblige and somehow managed to get a late night pass too that allowed us to play till 3am.  It made WDW even more fun and exciting than had we paid!   Having said that WDW needs to get up with the times...they have an un-upgraded Space Mountain and no Matterhorn.  It seems that other than being less updated, WDW is very similar to WDL except that things are farther apart.   Good times though - I don't think I have too many more flirting-my-way-into-places years left in me.  Don't think you have to go across the country though, fellow West Coasters.  Disneyland is just as good...and less humid!
I think Disney World lives off their Legacy. Because though it is a far better experience  than Disney land it is very expensive and inconvenient. you will do alot of walking and waiting and spending. I think only the biggest Disney fanatics find all this worth it. Its very clean and wholesome, but as far as more bang for your buck; I recommend Seaworld or Universal!!
How have I NOT Reviewed Disney World Yet??? I will. I promise.
Great for kids and the younger ones.
I was recently reminded of what I considered a hidden secret at Disney World. The Dole Whips at Aloha Aisle at the Magic Kingdom's Adventureland. Pineapple Float - Pineapple Dole Whip with pineapple juice. - $4.49 These prices may not be current, and may seem high to you but, imagine this: It's 90 degrees and humid, you have been walking for hours, standing in lines, shielding yourself from the blazing sun and people in scooters. This dessert is so yummy and refreshing, you'd be a fool to not try it (unless, of course, you don't like pineapple). The Pineapple Dole Whip (which is soft serve) with pineapple juice is amazing.
.. I dont care how expensive, or how hot it gets, or how long the lines are, or how horrible a dream I have after riding the "It's a Small World" ride where in my dream the little children from all over the world become flesh eating zombies.... I LOVE this place.. been going since I was 5 years old and it will always be magical to me.
Truly the happiest place on Earth. I've been coming to Disney ever since I was 4 years old and, oddly enough, I appreciate it and enjoy it so much more now that I'm older. There's a certain nostalgia factor that really gets to me, and I appreciate how much dedication and creativity goes into this place. They're always outdoing themselves and they refuse to become stale. MAGIC KINGDOM: The theme park of all theme parks. Space Mountain, Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad...all must-rides. The newly added Fantasyland extension is wonderful as well, I've walked through the Beast's Castle (it's scarily accurate) and met with Ariel in her new meet and greet grotto. As of now, they're still constructing Snow White's kiddie coaster, it actually looks pretty intense. I can't wait to ride it! As for food, please please please check out Casey's Corner for their corn dog nuggets. They're addictive! For dinner, I highly recommend the Liberty Tree Tavern - their macaroni and cheese is some of the best I've ever had. HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS: This is my personal favorite of the four parks. I love films, so this is pretty much my playground. The Great Movie Ride, which is 16 minutes long and good for a nice breather, is my favorite ride in Hollywood Studios - followed by Tower of Terror and Rock N' Rollercoaster. The Indiana Jones show is SO entertaining, I've seen it over a dozen times and it never gets old - I got pulled into the show once, I'll never forget it! Toy Story Mania is ALWAYS over ATLEAST an hour wait, I highly recommend grabbing fast pass tickets for this attraction! EPCOT: Oh mannn. This place. If you're not legally able to drink, I wouldn't bother coming here. You'll think it's boring and think there's nothing to do (there aren't many rides). Now, if you ARE legally able to drink - YOU WILL LOVE THIS PLACE. ABSOLUTELY. Make sure you bring plenty of money, because it goes QUICK at Epcot (especially during Food and Wine Festival). Make sure to check out England for their pub and in France there's a little boutique that has rows of different wines lined up for you to try for 5-6 dollars. Their show at the end of the night, IllumiNATIONS, is my favorite firework show in Disney (yep, I even prefer it over Magic Kingdom's fireworks). ANIMAL KINGDOM: I rarely go to Animal Kingdom just because they close the earliest and I usually go to Disney in the late afternoon when the craze and crowds has died down a bit, but Expedition Everest is one of the most exhilarating rides in Disney (definitely up there with Tower of Terror), and their Festival of Lion King show is so much fun (probably the closest I'll ever get to seeing The Lion King on Broadway, haha). Hope this was helpful! xx MJ
Disney World for me is full of almost 30 years of memories. Some good, some great and some silly. It is fun to be an adult and become 10 or 12 when you step through the gates. YEAH!!!!!!! and you can have a drink or two there also........... I had been to Disney a couple of times before I had my daughter, but, seeing it with her (I waited till she was two and took her with my mother and had a wonderful 3 days. I tried to take her every year after that (circumstances did not always allow it). As she got older and the parks grew we enjoyed each one for the unique experiences each one gave to us. We used to love having breakfast at the Earth's circular restaurant  in Epcot (they no longer offer this) it was wonderful. Now our favorite is breakfast in the Animal Kingdom Lodge.  It is cafeteria style with a touch of class (trust me I hate cafeteria style venues). Ask for their special blended juice  and they will email you the recipe so you can make it at home. Also try a pot of pressed coffee it is great.   We spent my daughters 21st B'day at Epcot.  (She wanted to drink her way around the world-Didn't make it past Paris...SMIRK) If you have a B-day have lunch in Mexico (the food is YUMMY and the give the birthday person a cake and take a picture, etc.) Oh before you get onn the Rapids either put a set of dry cloths in a plastic bag or invest in one of the Ponchos they have in the gift stores. I have lots more of tips on navigating Disney so let me know if you need any advice.
We were a sea of red shirts for Gay Days at Disney, and it was just a mad house of wonderfulness.   If you think you've outgrown Disney, you should get a serious smacking.  This is the yardstick by which every entertainment venue is measured.  The grounds, the buildings, the staff - everything is just impeccable. We messed up a few things on our own like getting there later than we should have and not getting our tickets for the most popular attractions, so we stood in some of the lines.  But it was still a wonderful day.  There's nothing that can quite compare with Splash Mountain. We ate lunch at Tony's and the server was just hysterical, totally cracking jokes with us about being our enabler for our caffeine addiction.   It was the husbear's first Disney experience and while he's not a theme park guy, he really did admire the attention to detail and totally pristine quality of Disney's park management.  As a security guy, I love Disney's focus on security and keeping all the creeps out of the park and away from the children: everyone is photographed and fingerprint scanned on entry. Rock on, Mr. Disney!
I love you, Walt Disney.
I was privileged to visit Disney World once a month as a kid.  It was now time to take the next generation for the memories of fun and family. As an adult you appreciate the detail much more then as a kid.  The smallest things, they put just as much effort and character into as the larger picture. They call it "The Happiest Place on Earth!"  You know why? Disney brings families together with a load of fun!  We had the privilege to surprise our kids with the treat of visiting here.  People complain about the lines and prices.  Take some time though and think about this, can you get time back? No.  Spend that time in line loving your family having good laughs and conversation.  Can you put a price on quality and seeing the joy from your kids?  I think, not. Take time and experience all the wonderful rides, entertainment, food, and SOOOO much more!  I think the log ride and It's a Small World are still the toppers on the rides.  Oh wait, Stone Mountain was fun too!  Watch movies in 3-D, visit education of the cultures at EPCOT, this place is a blast!  The food was also good at all of the dines that we went too.  They take pride in quality and presentation of the food and atmosphere. Thank you Disney for bringing families closer and adding wonderful memories!  Look forward to more soon!
The happiest place on Earth, and possibly one of my favorite places to go to in this whole entire planet! I've spent some of my favorite birthdays here, and honestly, I don't think I'll EVER grow out of it! Anybody who is here to visit, you can't possibly miss out on this incredible place! I recommend coming here on a weekday. I can't assure you that the lines would be extremely short in the summer, but it should be shorter than during the weekends and holidays. Don't miss out on the fireworks at night. They are spectacular. Its a nice place for people of all ages, so it doesn't matter what age you are, you will definitely have fun here! The food might not be the best, so be sure to do a bit of research before you step foot into the park. Also, it might get really hot during the afternoon, so bring some sunscreen, drink lots of water, and try to find shade if you can. I suggest waiting in line on a ride thats offered indoors. Disney tends to have their AC blasted, so that you don't have to melt in the heat! My favorite parks in chronological order: 1. Animal Kingdom 2. Epcot 3. Magic Kingdom 4. Hollywood Studios All of these parks are worth the Park Hopper prices, I guarantee it!
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 17/31 I have honestly had dreams of visiting Walt Disney World since I was a child.  HC and I went to Disneyland last year to celebrate our honeymoon and I thought it'd be a great idea to celebrate our anniversary by splurging and visiting WDW in Orlando. I ended up purchasing a 4-day pass and getting a 5th day free.  We spent a half-day at the Magic Kingdom, whole days at Animal Kingdom and Hollywood Studios, and 2 days at Epcot.   I wished that we had spent more time at the MK since we weren't able to visit all of the attractions.  I had wanted to ride more of the rides to compare them to their counterparts at DL.   Out of all the parks, I enjoyed Animal Kingdom the most.  Expedition Everest was the best coaster at Disney and I liked both shows we saw (Nemo Musical and Festival of the Lion King).  Dinoland was also cute and I enjoyed the coaster in that section.   HC and I discussed going back to WDW again in a few years, but we'll have to do some major saving before that.
It's the best collection of parks pretty much on the planet.  It's fun for kids and adults.  My only advice is if your kids are really little (under 4) don't waste your time or money.  They are too small to really care about the $2500 you spent coming here, so save yourself the time and money and just buy them some dumb ol' Dora the Explorer DVD and let them watch that like 100 times.  You know they have the memory of a goldfish anyway so they'll watch that thing over and over and never complain.
In a bad mood? Go to Disney! Won the Lotto? Go to Disney? Got Dumped by your too serious boyfriend? Go to Disney! What I am trying to say is...GO TO DISNEY.  Disney World is a magical place. It brings out the inner child in you, whether you are 4, 18, 25, or 77.  The only downside is that the lines can sometimes be long but as long as you plan right you will have a great time.  I always recommend visiting Disney World early May.  Parks are empty! Enjoy and have fun!
This is really a magical place... for a healthy, normal child.  For someone with severe disabilities, it still has room to learn and grow.  We planned our trip months in advance for my severely handicapped sister.  We arranged for accommodations on Disney property to meet her needs.  Unfortunately, Disney has NO special department to handle the disabled's needs, so we had to arrange to rent a hospital bed and ask the hotel to remove their bed and make room for the hospital bed, which we had to coordinate the delivery for, too!  They offered no rental of medical equipment, either.  That was another task left to us to hunt down in a foreign area and secure. Upon arrival, we were ushered to a tiny room that absolutely would not hold a hospital bed, nor was there room for a wheelchair to maneuver around.  We had to prop her up on pillows on a king sized bed along with me and my husband the first night.  The next day, we were moved to a more suitable room and the bed was delivered later in the day.  Twenty-four precious hours lost that we could have been enjoying the parks.  :(  The third-party company failed to deliver the needed medical equipment, so we had to call Disney's 911 service to come bring a nebulizer and suction machine, so my sister could get her breathing meds and clear her airway.  On the phone call, the dispatcher told us they could not leave the equipment with us overnight, but would come treat her and leave.  The paramedics were great, except for when they were freaking out asking, "are you sure you don't want us to take her to the hospital?!?"  They were unfamiliar with someone with such severe disabilities and were quite intimidated by her condition.  They were HAPPY to leave the medical equipment for us to use until our rentals arrived the next day. But, once we got past those hurdles, the parks were AMAZING, and my sweet little sister (an adoptee who had suffered unspeakable abuse as a baby) had her dreams come true, dining in Cinderella's castle, and hugging all the characters, repeatedly.  They'd even hunt her down to give her an extra hug!  The cast members are well trained in making a disabled person feel special. We were scheduled to go by bus back to the airport on departure, but the bus that arrived had no wheelchair lift and they said, "We didn't know we were picking up a wheelchair!"  UGH!!!!!  So, the hotel had to call a cab service and cover the cost for us, and we barely made it to the airport.  We almost missed our plane.  Pretty stressful ending to what should have been a magical journey. HEY DISNEY!  You should hire me to coordinate the arrangements and accommodations of the disabled customers who pay a LOT OF money they can't afford to create magic for special people.  I know I could alleviate a lot of grief for thousands of other families.
Disneyworld can be a very overwhelming experience.  Please know that you need to plan for this vacation.  Its not like other vacations where you might be able to just "roll with the flow."   However, it really is "the happiest place on Earth!"
Disney world is the most amazing place on the planet. If you do a trip right it's not hard to see that it truly is magical! I met my fiancé here, 3 years later I proposed to her at the magic kingdom and this November we are getting married at the Grand Floridian wedding pavilion! Disney does everything right and if something by chance goes wrong they make it right! I will always support Disney World and believe that is a wonderful place for family  friends and happily ever afters!
I just returned from a trip to Disney World, and I loved it as much as an adult as I did as a kid. I strongly recommend going during Thanksgiving and Christmas. The decorations are up, the castle is covered with lights at night, and the crowds are LIGHT. We didn't wait in line longer than 20 minutes for any ride, and walked right on to most. We visited three of the four parks (neither of us was really interested in Hollywood Studios, though I've heard great things about it). Magic Kingdom is, of course, the Mothership. It is absolutely amazing! It's here that you'll find all the classics - Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Carribean, Space Mountain, Peter Pan... there's much more than you can do in one day, so plan at least two days here. We also spent one day each at EPCOT and Animal Kingdom. As you'd expect, the vast majority of employees at Disney World are very polite and accommodating. I was also amazed at how efficient their transportation systems are. We were guided directly to a parking space, and each day there was a tram ready and waiting to take us directly to the park gates. This is the same when you leave, and the trams run about an hour and a half after the parks officially close. What's not to like about Disney World? Well, for one - crowds. If you go in the summer or during any other busy time, you are likely to spend hours waiting in line for a single ride. I honestly don't know how someone could go to the park, spend all day there only to get on three or four rides, and leave feeling like they'd had a good time. So, again, make sure to plan your vacation for the off season! There are many sites devoted to Disney that can help you find a low-crowd time that works for you. So, go! And have a Magical time!
Place definitely beats Hershey Park, but the best time to go here is in the late autumn to winter.  I just came back on Sunday, and for late September it was sweltering and nasty.  We could not fully enjoy because of the heat and humidity.  It takes away from the total experience so do not come here at all in the summer even though it's during the kids' summer.  NOT WORTH it, all the heat and rain.  It rained here a lot on 3 days we were here so our ponchos, ll bean rain pants, and rain jackets came in handy, but it was too damn hot to wear them!  You would be a fool to come here May to September.  We went last year in mid October, and it was perfect, not too hot and no rain at all.  I think if we returned here, then it would have to be in January.  My kid is in state public pre-school, so I can take him out of school for the next 3 years, and it's fine, but once I enroll him in private school, then forget it.  I guess kids who go to public school can take their kids out of school, but I wouldn't do it after grade 2, yet I saw a lot of people with older kids at DW.  WTH.  It's bad enough that these kids won't have jobs when they graduate 10 years from high school, but their parents are teaching them that vacationing/partying takes precedence over school.  Wrong message.   However, I am not likely to return to DW until my kid is older.  I'm disneyed out and seen it all.  Been there 7 times in my life, which is enough.  We want to go to Universal and Legoland this coming January though for our next vacation.
A five star experience if you do it right. Disney provides exceptional customer service. The work of creative people from every discipline is on display everywhere you look. It's impossible to see everything in one visit, there's too much to do. My childhood memories of The Magic Kingdom and especially EPCOT Center are branded on my mind, I'm a customer for life. I had a fantastic time on my last trip. I visited all four parks, but I didn't do the waterparks or Downtown Disney. It was September and it wasn't crowded except for Epcot because the Food and Wine festival was going on. Food and Wine was a fun surprise, I didn't know that was a thing. Hollywood Studios is my favorite park, I love Star Tours and Fantasmic is a great show. It's important to get to the parks early. I was at the gates of the Magic Kingdom when they opened and managed to ride most of the really popular attractions before lunch. Good times if you like fun.
I went for the first time ever a few weeks ago. It was one of the best days of my life. It really is magical :)
Great for kids 4-12 years old! Well put together and clean. The "Fast Pass' set up is nice. Food in the park is reasonable. If you like "theme" parks,,,, this is the "Themeiest" of them all! Disney World Magic Kingdom IS NOT and amusement park! Down side, hard to find the bathrooms and EXPENSIVE for tickets and hotels!!! You can legitimately spend one day at each park. Anymore than that I think it would get a wee bit worn. We covered Magic Kindom in a long day. Now I can say I've been there, done that, and no need to see it agian.......
This place is freaking huge. so many hotels, no wonder they are pushing those vacation club. A place everyone should visit at least once. My favorite park here is the Animal Kingdom. Someone in a previous post said to skip Disneyland, I say to skip her review. As a former Disneyland CM I am offended by that. Disneyland by far is the best Theme park out of all of them. It is the crown jewel. As a resort, hands down Disney World is better. As a stand alone theme park, Disneyland is the best.
I prefer Disneyland b/c of the weather and it is not as overwhelming but Disneyworld is still AWESOME!!!!!!! My dreams definitely come true @ both Disneyland and Disneyworld.  I like how Disneyworld has so many tourists from all around the world, it's fun to overhear people's conversations in different languages, haha ok that's a bit weird...... But something I loved about DW that DL doesn't have is animal kingdom.  I loved the safari ride and seeing how the animals were able to roam freely in a huge open area. :D
When I was five years old waaaay back in 1991, my parents took me and my stepbrother here and I was blown away. It could have been that I was a child and back then it didn't take much to impress me. Or, it could have been that I met freaking Cinderella in her castle in the bathroom. Seriously, she was just right there washing her hands and leaving to do her princess duties. Even at 24, I still find that to be one of the coolest experiences I've ever had. When I graduated high school in 2005, my mom thought it'd be a fun idea to take me and my sister back to Disney World. This time, I was angry at having to wait in lines that never end and dodge all the strollers and British people who all seemed to be on holiday from England just for the week we were there. My poor mom was suckered into buying some kind of food passes and park hopper passes on Ebay and so we kept having to eat a ton of food at the parks to get her money's worth. It was a bit much and none of it was extremely impressive. Now, Epcot.. that was a different story. I loved that it was basically the same way it was when it first opened (obviously I wasn't there, but everything was dated so I just assumed..). The Norway ride was my favorite, but I had a pretty decent time there overall. Well, until I got on the Mission to Space virtual ride. I have never gotten motion sick in my life before or since this ride. I wasn't the only one, a child died after this ride the following month (June 2005). local10.com/news/4605237…
How can anyone NOT give WDW 5 stars? Best advice is to get there early for rope drop and then take a long lunch break and return after it gets dark.
I love Disney World! Always have, always will. Sadly, it is more fun to go without my kids! The staff members are so pleasant and courteous. This is how "customer service" is supposed to be! The prices aren't so bad either!
Woohoo! I'm going back to Disney World! After 2 trips here in less than a month for a total visit of about a week, I was really starting to believe in the Magic. In all of its grand totality, with its theme parks, water parks, resort hotels & campground, there's no other place on Earth like Walt Disney World. Though the size & scale of Disney World is obviously impressive, there was 1 more aspect of Disney World I found notably impressive: the service. I'm not aware of any other vast enterprise in the world with the consistent top level of service that I experienced at Disney World. Sure there were a couple exceptions. But out of the numerous interactions I had with Disney staff, anything less than excellent service was rare. In all of its glorious grandeur & enormity, Walt Disney World also excels at the little things like individual service. For all that it is, it really is as good as it gets.
I'm not going to waste my time writing a gigantic review, but I just had to show my love for Walt Disney World. It really does have a magical feel and you can't help but be happy and relaxed while you're there. Lots of great nostalgic memories to remember every time I go and new ones to be made. I can't wait to bring my future kids here some day!
This is the ultimate theme park in the whole world!!  Who would not love this place?? All the 4 parks are great but my favorites are Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studio.  Hollywood Studio has more interesting shows rather than rides, like Fantasmic and Car Action show.  Magic Kingdom is everyone's favorite.  They got the Cindellera's castle and classic rides like Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain and Splash Mountain.  Don't forget the electrical parade at night at Magic King dom.     If you want to incorporate a zoo experience into Disney, then Animal Kingdom is for you.  They have a couple rollercoasters and all the different kinds of animals.  Epcot has the theme of different countries like Canada, Mexico, Japan, China, Italy etc.  You can get different kinds of food and souvenirs.   Disney is known for their hospitality.  Staffs are friendly and the place is always well maintained.  Unlike other theme parks you see, they allow you to bring in any food you want and they do not have those stupid lockers you have to put your belongings in everytime you get on a ride.  Not to mention fast passes are free.  If you stay at one of their official hotels, you can stay extra hours.  They have FL residents and military discount rates and if you know people work at Disney World, they can get you free passes.   Whether you are with your friends, partner, or/and kids, this is the place you want to be.  All the other theme parks don't stand a chance!
Basically grew up at Disney. Im 21 years old and still get the magical feeling everytime I walk down Mainstreet. I am definitley a fan! Can't wait to take my children here one day.
It's Disney. How can you not give it a good rating.  We got there when it opened, so we got to walk onto rides.  You can now get princess and Mickey's signature right when you walk into the park.  I had only 2 negative things to say: 1) Pirates of the Carabbean was broken all day.  I know that you should be able to ask anyone at any of the food locations to get an update.  I asked multiple times and was told it was back up and working.  I would race over to find out that it was still broken.  Bummer! 2) Donald and Daisy were no where in sight for signatures.
They took a wonderful park and ruined it by allowing too many visitors. We went to Hollywood Studios, rode one ride and then decided to leave because we couldn't do anything else. Took us 30 minutes just to get to an exit. We then discovered that all four theme Parks (Epcot, Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios) were full to capacity and they were still selling tickets. All fast passes were spoken for and we were not about to wait 220 minutes for a 45 second thrill ride. And it wasn't even noon yet. Won't be going back.
It's Disney!! Every one has a magical personality and are super friendly. I've never met someone who works at Disney who isn't  friendly. Best theme parks in Orlando. Totally come by for a magical day!!!
What can I say, this is the happiest place on the planet!!!  Aside from the throngs of people, it is a fun place to visit.  We had four day hopper passes and that was sufficient to see and go on the rides that interested us. Surprisingly, when we went to Mickey's Christmas Party, the rides were not packed at all.  I will say that you need very  comfortable, broken in shoes for all the walking.  I thought my sandals were all broken in, wrong.  I had the worst blisters on the soles of my feet, and you don't want that.  It kind of ruins your vacation. For those that don't heal as quickly to get right back out there walking, you can rent an electric chair off of the Disney property.  I didn't rent one, but thought about it. I checked into pricing and Apple beat Disney's pricing. They deliver it right to where you are staying and they also pick it up.  Again, military folks, active or retired can get discounted tickets on their military installations to salute the heroes.
I know I know.  Adults shouldn't like this place as much as I do.  I really do enjoy our time here and Disney is trying to make changes as best they can. I have been coming here yearly since 1996 and have seen good and bad changes. The place is remarkably clean for an amusement park and if you have ever done a back lot tour you certainly find out why. After being here year after year for so many, we do tend to wander to our favorites, Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, Buzz Lightyear, and Mickey's Philharmagic.   With the opening of the new Fantasyland you have to wonder how much busier this place is going to get. :) Take a moment to reflect on your favorite childhood memory from Disney and enjoy.
where should you go to in Disney World in August when it's 97 degrees and 85% humidity? either one of the water parks - Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon! there are fun rides for kids and adults alike and plenty of wave pools and other ideas for cooling off fun. the huge surf pool at Typhoon Lagoon and the water raft ride- Teamboat Springs at Blizzard Beach are best bets for each park. plan to spend at least half a day at either beach. Parking is free at the water parks.
There are a few places everyone should visit before you die. This is one of those places. Every second I spent here with my family was magical, and I would do anything to spend a little bit more time here. However, all good things must come to an end. Thank you Disney for making the world a happier place.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Disney and no body does anything better than them!! The details in everything, the show production... the fast passes that are FREEEEEE. I went here last July and I would love to come back again. This place is HUGH!!!! I had no idea how big till we came and were just flabergasted at how incredibly BIG this place is. It's just sooo amazing and fun!!!! My bf and I spent 7 days here and it still was not enough. We checked out the different hotels... all are themed and many have very very nice pools with slides!!!! Oh and the free transportation from place to place... the ferry rides to the different hotels... the buses and monorails. They all operated great and were fun. The ferry rides are actually a cheap (FREE) romantic way to take a relaxing boat ride to explore. No one kicks you off the boats, you can stay on as long as you want. ALL the different parks here were great... and we wished we had more time so that we could explore all the theme parks again 2X AND all the other stuff Disney had to offer... we didn't even get to see the water parks and swim in the pools :(  Each park just takes you to a different place and is not like any other. There is just way to get bored at here... even just exploring the free things will take days. I sooo want to go back again... especially during the holiday, I've still yet to see the magic that Disney can put into the holidays!!
The most magical place on earth for children and quickly becoming an adult playground as well. Staying on property is a must to getting the full Disney experience and reducing frustrations while traveling. Best tip go early and hit the rides then leave after lunch and don't return to the parks until after dinner so that you miss the biggest crowds and make use of the facilities at your resort. We also squeeze in an afternoon nap so that everyone is ready for the nighttime fireworks back at the parks. With the addition of Magic Bands and resort guests ability to book up to three rides before you get there Disney is becoming less of a hire and more of an adventure.
this was our Christmas present to 4 of our kids; it was also Christmas present from grandparents too.     It far exceeded every expectation they had or mom and dad had, and kids too.  we went in January and it was 70 degrees each day (snowing and cold back home) and I gotta say, if disney ran the metro rail in Washington dc, or made the hires at BWI airport (see my BWI review) --or ran the airport for that matter- the USA would be a far happier and better place.  Disney is done with excellence.  It is a monument to excellence.  Walt Disney had to be one heck of a man. And the museum stuffed in the corner of the Hollywood theme park is a worth while venture. Kids were awed (ages 13, 11, 8, 4).  Hollywood Park set in the grandest time in America, the 1950s.  Family wage was up, it was a safe country, the style, music, entertainment, all very wholesome and safe and actually, hilarious.  Too bad those "Happy Days" are gone. Go have fun
I can't even... I've reviewed all the parks individually to illustrate my deep disappoint. I cannot believe how much I paid for a mediocre time. Disney has changed. The fast pass system sucks now. The lack of characters sucks. It was magical when I went previously and now it's just... meh.  Combine that with the crowds and price and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
I adore all things Disney! And while Disney World may be a tad smaller than its Anaheim counterpart, Disney World has Epcot Center nearby which paired with DW, it's just pure awesomeness!  I have so many fond memories here. If you haven't been yet, YOU MUST GO!
This place continues to be a great destination for my family and I. My wife and kids always have a fantastic time, and I have a wonderful time seeing them so happy. They do such a great job in making this place truly a "whole new world." We just went in early November, and my wife is already counting down the days until she can go again.
I absolutely LOVE Walt Disney World. My whole family does. I live in Oklahoma, my parents in Indiana, and my brother and his wife and kids in Montana. We make it a 2 week family adventure and in the 12 times we've been, have never had a negative experience. To be honest, Disney is not the vacation destination for the weak (2 or less star ratings). This place requires honest to goodness budgeting and planning weeks or even months in advance. Prepare to walk 6-8 miles per day if not more in hot weather. In crowds. We love it, though. We stay on property and utilize the transportation system exclusively. We don't rent a vehicle. Honestly, if you plan ahead and budget ahead, it's a very fun place. Sure it has some shortcomings. Every place does. But at the end of the day, you've more than likely had a fun day, and when you get home from the trip, and you feel homesick about it, then that's the sign of a good vacation.
I have been going to Disney World since I was 2 years old... though that is 38 years my visits still number fewer than 10 times I would say (living in NJ and OH makes visiting often a bit difficult).  Up until my last visit every experience was magical and delightful and I really could not get enough of the place.  Then we decided to take my 4 year old son for his first trip.  It was, to say the least, nigh tragic.  The lines were beyond belief for even the silliest of rides and the crowd control was little better. All told we only rode 4 rides all day and missed out on two my son really wanted to go on and i kept apologizing to him for it. Now, this is NOT a negative review... because this visit taught me something amazing about Disney that I did not need to know 13 years ago... time management.  See my above complaint about only getting on 4 rides was all my fault because of two reasons: First, I chose the busiest week of the year to visit. Really? Spring break? Way to go me. Second, I did not utilize the fast pass (whatever they call it) system  I was vehemently against the idea when I first heard about it.... who am I to get a ticket and come back later while others wait in line for an hour, two, more.... well... let me tell you... I am the Daddy to the Kings of All Awesome, that's who!  So, yes, this time I did not use it but next time I am going to be the King of the fast pass system and make sure my boy is so rided out he won't know what hit him! ;)  (NOTE: He still had an amazing time and doesn't understand what he missed so that is a huge plus.) I still believe the park is way too highly priced and should have brackets, discounts for seniors and kids under certain ages... etc etc... but the truth is Disney may sometimes be Buy & Large and own the world so that is very likely NOT going to happen.. and if rumormill is ever true and they do for Star Wars what Universal did for Harry Potter expect those prices to rise even further. Disney is still a magical place for me... and I will ensure it is for my family as well... and will be smarter about how I tackle it next. 1.)  Time of Year.... VERY Important 2.)  Time of Day for your arrival... Also pretty damn important 3.) Fast pass... all the way! 4.) And don't forget the sunscreen
Save up for Disneyland and take that money to Disneyworld! It's an investment you can't pass up! Let me warn you, though, it may take as many as 4 days to see "the whole wide world". Three days wasn't nearly enough time for us to see Epcot, Magic Kingdom, and Animal Kingdom. We went when my 6'2 brother was still in a stroller, and having a baby in a stroller, in the heat, and the long lines, and having to keep his milk cold, and needing to carry him when he cried--was the only not-so-cool thing about that trip. I don't suggest bringing babies who won't even remember Mickey. I do suggest bringing the entire family when the kids are a little older. As expected everything, from the tickets to the bottled waters, cost an arm, leg, and ear, but we have two sets of each anyway so go for it! Disneyland and California Adventure don't even come close!
The Happiest Place on Earth! Came here with my mom and dad when I was 8 and had the time of my life. No review is really necessary.  Just bring your kids and smile :)
UH-MAZE-ING done That's all there is to say. I wont go on and on about it. Yea the Prices are up there but can you really put a price on your childhood ? Take advantage of Disney's current Promo " What Will You Celebrate?" The Bf and I were given the anniversary badges and every Cast member that saw them gave us good luck wishes and we even got some free desserts! Toy Story, Belle, Nemo ugh Im truly considering joining the Disney Vaction Club just so I can keep the smiles going. I mean come on its Disney ! Black ears bright red shorts god that little mouse knows what he is doing when it comes to making memories.
Mickey's PhilharMagic was a pretty cool experience. Buzz Lightyear's attraction was awesome too. The Disney characters at the parade were so beautiful/handsome. Bring umbrellas, flip flops, extra clothes, and raincoats!!! It kept raining the first day I went. By the way, the food at their restaurants were lame.
I love Walt Disney World.  I just visited last week, but before that I hadn't been here for about 10 years, and because I was a kid, my experience compared to now I feel like is kind of irrelevant.  I can remember my first and only other time at Disney.... I was 12 years old.  I went with my family (mom, dad, younger bro), my cousin's family, and my grandma.  I have to say that I [now] realize that Disney is a once-in-awhile kind of thing.  I honestly don't know how people keep coming back here year after year.  I'm assuming it's for the kids' sake.  I'm so glad my family decided as a group to take all us kids when we were older instead of younger.  I vividly remember my experience.  Though I say it's irrelevant it's only because back than it was sooooo much more amazing to me than it was the second time around, which was last week. I had been itching for the longest to get back to Disney since the last time I went. My first time at Disney I was in complete awe.  Sounds silly for a 12 year old, but I was totally amazed by all the scenes.  I can remember my favorite park being the Magic Kingdom and MGM (now Hollywood) Studios.  The castle and all the little sections in Magic kingdom were just so cool to me.  At Hollywood studios I ADORED the movie sets and the train tour.  When I went Epcot I was kind of bored. I remember it rained that day to top it off, but the only thing that stuck out in my mind was the Eiffel tower.  As for the Animal kingdom-well that to me was just like going to the zoo (you know that prime time in your life when all you do is go on zoo/aquarium field trips).  The tree of life was awesome; I remember doing a 3D bug's life exhibit, and a simulated Jurassic Park indoor ride which was cool.  Unfortunately those two parks had me prepared to be disappointed this time around, because after all that's the feelings I left with Disney with the last time I went.  If my parents had taken us to Hollywood studios/Magic Kingdom last, I probably would have appreciated the other parks more! This time at Disney my friends and I decided to do Epcot first, Hollywood Studios 2nd, Downtown Disney 3rd, and we saved (what I thought to be) the best for last: the magic kingdom for our last full day.  We decided not to go to Animal Kingdom even though we had a four day pass.  Well you'll have to read my reviews for each individual park, but this trip completely changed my thoughts: 1.) Epcot is my new favorite park 2.) Magic Kingdom was a complete let down due to all the "renovations" and closed attractions which lead us to... 3.) Animal Kingdom, which had the best restaurant of all the parks (Yak & Yeti) 4.) Hollywood Studios is soooo much smaller than I could ever imagine, in fact I think it's the smallest park. I really did enjoy myself, but I wouldn't go back unless I had kids, and I HIGHLY doubt that is happening anytime soon.  I think Disney is like a two or three time thing and than that's it.  I went once as a kid, once as an adult, and if I have kids I'd bring them...and maybe I'd return as a late adult! For the other aspects of Disney world...well it really is a magical place.  First off once you enter Disney world property, anybody and everybody who works on the premises must have their origin/hometown included on their name tag.  What a great conversation starter.  Everybody who had 'New York' under their name I wound up chatting away with, trying to rep my city (ya diggg).  There are also a lot of people from different countries. It's just a nice touch; kind of comforting (though I can't seem to figure out why).  It makes you feel like were all one big friggen happy world!   The transportation that the Disney resorts offer is wonderful and really convenient.  If you stay at a Disney resort you can take the bus (for free) to either the parks, or the Ticket and Transportation Center (TTC) which takes you to the parks.  The bus also goes to downtown Disney.  Downtown Disney is also really cool aside from the parks because it's a change in itinerary for that week.  I'd say it's probably best for eating at because there are a variety of restaurants.  Besides the eateries, you'll also find a vast number shops, and some entertainment. The one thing that ticked me off about Disney World is the Fact that each store sells the SAME exact crap and all through out the parks that's allllll they have-- souvenir shops, and not just one....like four!  It's obviously a money maker, but it starts to get annoying when you feel like more than half the parks attractions are all souvenir shops.   Let me not forget the resorts.  I've stayed at: the Polynesian, shades of green, and port Orleans.  They are all really great places to stay at! I don't think you can go wrong at ANY of the Disney resorts. Overall I had a great time, and do plan to visit again in my near future.
Can I just say that I freakin love this place!   If you are doing Disney world, I highly recommend staying onsite if possible. You just can't do it all in 1 day. Or 2 or 3. If you stay at one of the Disney properties you have the benefit of extra magic hours. Do you know that I was still riding a roller coaster at midnight! How cool! Then just take the Disney bus to your hotel & plop on the bed & do it all again tomorrow. Yay! Last September they offered free Disney dinning. You really want to get more for your money go at that time. You save huge $$$ by eating for free (valid only if staying at a Disney property). Shorter lines too during that time since it's slow season.
Oh, how I love Disney. You can never outgrow it! I was last here 10 years ago, but I would love to go again. The atmosphere is great for kids of all ages, and you'll certainly see things that trigger fond childhood memories. One of my favorite things there is that you can take pictures on the rides! You will feel like a kid again after a day at Disney.
What else can I say, it's freakinggggg Disney world...you relive ur childhood memories again!!!! Fireworks makes it so magical here, only downside was that it was drizzling a bit but nothing can spoil ur day when you get a big hug from Mickey, Donald and goofy
What's there to say? I love Disney.  If you are considering planning a trip and you don't go too often, I suggest waiting until the end of the year. They are adding new rides to Fantasyland and most will be done by November. November is also one of the best times to visit. The weather is great and the Epcot Food & Wine festival is still on the first two weeks of the month. Avoid Thanksgiving week and the week between Christmas & New Year's Eve.
I've been to Walt Disney World several times and every time it is absolutely Magical!  To start things off they have a cute opening performance that they do at the entrance just before the gates open.  Then you're in for a day of fun, and if you 're there on a day with Magic Hours, you'll be able to stay late (Midnight or later).  You can easily spend 12 hours here and not run out of things to do.  Disney just implemented Magic Bands which put all your tickets, meal plan, hotel room key, photo pass, etc, on one wrist band so you don't have to worry about forgetting anything in the room. Everyone gets 3 Fast Passes. Fast Passes get you to the front of the line for the ride of your choice, but schedule yours early because the most popular rides give out all their passes early.  The most popular rides like Splash Mountain and Space Mountain can often have wait times in excess of an hour, so you'll want to use your fast passes on those.  One hidden gem that I love is The Peoplemover in Tomorrowland.  It's basically a tour through Tomorrowland and a look inside several of the rides there.  It's so beautiful at night, and if you've already seen the fireworks show (see it for the first time from in front of the castle), ride the Peoplemover and watch the fireworks as you ride around Tomorrowland, it's a blast.  Peoplemover is best after dark.  Plus, they have free wi-fi.  Not bad.   Classic Must See Rides: Haunted Mansion, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, Pirates of The Caribbean, It's a Small World, Jungle Cruise (RIP: 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea...) One ride to avoid is the Tommorowland Speedway, it smells of fumes, there's a long line, and you barely have any control of your extremely slow go-cart.   Tip: The photographers all around the park will be happy to take your picture using your camera, just ask.
Disney is truly the "Happiest Place on Earth." It is a place where the family can get together, and spend time together. Disney employes know how to move people too. The only downside is the food is overpriced as all amusement parks are.
I use to love Disney World.   We always said we would love to live there.   But they just keep building more and more hotels on the property but not expanding  the parks.  The parks are so crowded now there is no magic left.   Every one standing in the three hour lines staring at their phone and completely ignoring those they came with, might as well be there by themselves.  Even the new ride they did build was more six flags then Disney. All they did was cannibalize the old Snow White ride.  They took off the dwarfs in the mine and the scene boffins them dancing in the dwarfs home and stuck it on a children's rollercoaster.  It was the saddest trip to Disney I have ever been on.  I don't think I will be back
disney world carribean resort has nice landscaping and tropical plants all over the property. went on a busy month so checking in took around 30-40 minutes. the receptionist made up for it by being jolly disney style after all its the happiest place on earth. the food area was dimly lit with a  couple of fast food type counter where you order and bring your food to a common dining area. this place can be very busy because of all the patrons dining all at the same time. there is also a separate sit down steak house with daily specials. not bad. souvenir area is dotted with everything disney can put thier logo on. the rooms are adequate and basic. shuttle bus comes every 15-30 min
Horribly disappointing.  I wanted to bring a child (had a challenging year)  there for the first time this month. After an e chat (thankfully I kept a copy), I made reservations thru Disney but planned to stay with family and go to the park for several days. I purchased a meal plan, park hoppers and one night at a disney resort. I paid in full (over $1500). Although correct info was input into the Disney system, I realized there was an error in dates online when I reviewed reservation s. I immediately called and was told there was nothing anyone could do. Id lose hundreds of dollars if I cancelled.  They acknowledged the error of their representative. I called and asked to speak with several supervisors. Two hours and four calls later, I found someone who still couldn't help modify reservations but did not charge a fee for cancelling. I had to cancel and rebook but lost meals and hopper tix.  My costs soared but I couldnt disappoint this child who was looking forward to going now. Adding insult to injury,  I have to wait 10 business days for a refund for their admitted error. Wait ten business days for a $1500 refund for an error their workers admitted they made?  Everyone talks about how great Disney customer service is but in this case, while the last two reps were pleasant & one was even compassionate (Angelina and Angela Rose) nothing could be done to modify a prepaid reservation? I've been to Disney in the past but I feel Im done after this trip.
First, we visited in June of 2009 and this is a generalization review... So Let's get something straight for those of you that thought that, like me, that DisneyWorld (Magic Kingdom) as oppose to DisneyLand was more spectacular and greater and wonderful.  Well, not so much.  If you have been to DisneyLand, you have been to DisneyWorld.  It was pretty much the same, still the happiest place on earth but to my disappointment there wasn't anything else to see!  But I am solely talking about inside this DisneyWorld Park.  I suppose the "World" part of the name means all the other such stuff that you can do.  Which I didn't get to because I didn't realize it wasn't all included!  I mean now I know, and if I were to ever go back to Florida, specifically Orlando and Disneyworld, we would definitely check out all the other stuff they had to offer.  I have to say the set up to find the place was HORRENDOUS.  We had NO IDEA where we needed to go to get to Magic Kingdom... the streets were not well marked and directions not well placed... We did end up walking around Downtown Disney which was awesome, but BLAZING. (eww that humidity is NOT missed).   Anyways of course everyone should go to Disney west coast or east coast.  I love the happiest place on earth atmosphere!
As a FL resident, I visit Disney on an annual basis at least. Most of the time it's an enjoyable experience for the entire family. It's difficult to find Paleo friendly food however, so pack a lunch :)
I can't think of a more perfect place to vacation than WDW (assuming you like Disney stuff, that is). It's not necessarily a cheap vacation, but the offerings/attention to detail/service are top notch. Since I'm sure you already know what's at WDW, I'll offer some tips from my past visits instead: * Keep an eye out for deals--they usually have something. * Stay on property for the perks: all resorts are connected to the parks by regular buses and monorails; "Extra Magic Hours" giving you a one-hour morning jump start or 1-3 extra hours at night; gift shop purchases can be sent to the front of the park or your hotel, so you don't have to lug them around; and transportation to and from the airport via their Magical Express buses. * If you want to avoid crowds and some of the heat while getting some of lowest room rates of the year, try going during the value season (typically late Aug. - early Oct.) when the kiddies go back to school. You can walk up to almost all rides during this time and even ridiculously popular ones have minimal wait times (we're talking 30 mins. or less). * If you have any problem at all with anything (within reason)--speak up! In my experience, all of the Cast Members are more than happy to help and usually go above and beyond to fix the problem. * FastPass! You'll save yourself a lot of trouble if you make sure to get these for the popular rides. These will also allow you to move further up the line when you do redeem them. * If you stay at a value resort, know that their buses are shared so there's less of them. If your line for Pop Century looks long and the buses less frequent compared to, say, Wilderness Lodge--that's why. * Be prepared for park conditions. It rains--sometimes just for a few minutes, other times for hours. You'll also walk roughly 6-8 miles a day in each park--wear comfy shoes. If you go during summer, keep hydrated! CamelBaks are great to bring along. * If you plan to dine at the table-service restaurants, make sure you book months in advance (I believe you can now book 180 days out). The most popular ones (Le Cellier in Epcot's Canada, for example) fill up crazy fast and the chance of scoring an opening once full is incredibly rare. * Get the Park Hopper option. This way you can go to any park any time you want without hassle. * Don't even think one day per park is enough if you want to see/do everything (especially if that's at a leisurely pace). And the single most important tip: * Do your homework ahead of time! There's tons of info available on the net and in travel guides with everything from crowd calendars to restaurant & hotel reviews--there's even apps for wait times. If you want to get the most out of your trip, you NEED to do this lest you come back unhappy.
Will never stop loving Disney world! Yes, it's expensive, lines are long, and it's steaming already even though it's only May, but it's still just as fun to go on all my favorite rides. I've noticed they've updated with more modern technology since the last time I was here, about 5 years ago- now you scan your card and finger print to enter the park- Fancy! My cheer team loved Magic Kingdom as well! (Don't stunt or you'll get yelled at.)
What's there to say?  It's Disney World!  All I've got to say is that if visiting in the hot humid summer months the place can tire you out quickly and test your patience.  Good luck!  LOL.
My most favorite place on earth -I would vacation here 4 -5 times a year if I could!!  Every time I come here I feel like I am coming home.  And when I leave I am so sad!  I am such a disney freak I made my hubby buy into the disney vacation club.  So now disney is truly my "home" as when we check in at our resort they tell us "welcome home".  I love all four of the theme parks but magic kingdom is by far my favorite.  If you don't love disney I can't talk to you lol!
Walt Disney World is not Disneyland.  i love both places.  Disney World has so many parks and so much to do, you could stay here for a week and not see and do everything!  my favorite park is Epcot because i love to eat.  my husband's favorite park is Animal Kingdom because he loves the safari.  Magic Kingdom is like Disneyland, and Hollywood Studios (i still call it MGM) has the Tower of Terror.  every park has something great to offer.  i wish i could visit once a year!  it really is some place everybody in the US should visit in their lifetime.
WOW...  just WOW... This place is HUMONGOUS!!  You don't really know how big WDW is until you have been here and gotten lost through all the parks and hotels.  There are over 20 hotels on the WDW property!  It would take a couple weeks to see everything here as each park and each hotel have their own themes. There are the 4 theme parks which are all special n their own right:     Magic Kingdom - The "Disneyland" copy, but with a way nicer Cinderella's castle     EPCOT - LOVE LOVE LOVE!!  I love the countries!!     Animal Kingdom - Lots of Animals :)       Hollywood Studios - FUN FUN FUN!!  :) Don't forget, Downtown Disney - Way bigger than the California one :( You really have to see it to believe it. There are lots of great Disney magic going on here while on vacation from the Disney Express picking you up at the Orlando Airport to all the free transportation throughout the park if you stay at a Disney hotel.  It is totally worth it!! I can not wait to go back!!!!!!!
Only 4 reviews? Well, this place was interesting. Obviously a lot bigger than the resort in CA, but not as fun. A lot more mediocre and oldish stuff here. There is a tram that goes through all the resort's hotels, our hotel was OLD themed (lol). They also have a polynesian themed hotel, and and OLD old themed hotel (ha). But very convenient to stay at when you are just going to be visiting the park for 3 days. Floridian weather... man.
If Disneyland is the happiest place on earth does that mean Walt Disney World is the happiest place in the universe? Yes, yes it does!! Let me be frank! I act like a hard ass but I'm really as soft as a marshmallow. I'm a big kid at heart and even though some people make fun of me because of this, I could care less. I love the fact that the simplest, silliest things in life can bring a smile to my face. My all time favorite place in the world is Disneyland. No matter what is stressing me, weather it be money, work, family, etc, all I have to do to instantly make all my troubles vanish is a quick trip to Disneyland. Well, when my wife, who is just as big a Disney freak as me, and I got married we both had only one place in mind to go on our honeymoon, and that was of course Walt Disney World. Walt Disney World, which is made up of four theme parks, two water parks and countless resorts, is by far the most magical place in the universe. In the week I was there I felt like I was a little boy again, simply in awe at everything I was witnessing. I had not a care in the world the whole time I was visiting Walt's world. In my lifetime I have been on many trips and seen lots of cool places but none of them were as amazing as WDW. And even though I was only there a week, a piece of me will always be there. I loved it more than words can describe. This place can be very intimidating because of its massive size but the cast members who work throughout WDW are all very helpful and will answer any questions you ask them. The WDW website is also a very helpful tool for first timers. Another great thing about WDW is the food. The restaurants at WDW are much, much better than the ones at Disneyland. I ate like a king while I was there, which is why I gained 15 pounds while I was there even though I walked many miles per day. If you ever have the chance to visit Walt Disney World, weather you're a Disney freak or not, I highly suggest you go. I guarantee you'll love it.
For me,  Disney World (and all the parks included) can be pretty fucking awesome...if you do it right. Here are some pointers (this is from the perspective of a Big Kid , not a person with kids): - DO NOT go to Magic Kingdom/Epcot/MGM/Animal Kingdom in Summer. The heat sucks, you will get pissed at people more easily and the crowds are insane because so many children everywhere are out of school. Go in Fall, Winter or early Spring. Much nicer outside and shorter lines in general unless it is a special weekend (check ahead). - DO go to Typhoon Lagoon/Blizzard Beach in Summer. It may be crowded but it's no worse than Wet N' Wild and these parks are nicer than that. Go on slides, then have a rum runner and chill on one of the lazy rivers. - Be prepared to spend a wad of dough. Basic tickets for the Big 4 are about $70, may seem steep but I've paid that much and more for  concert/play tickets that provide 2-3 hours of entertainment while most parks entertain all day. Each meal is about $20-$30 per person but most of the counter-service places are not worth it (side note: Epcot has the best restaurants, but more expensive). You can totally save cash by eating a big breakfast then snacking around the parks. Pretzels, baked potatoes, corn on the cob, fruit and sweets are some of the many inexpensive snack options. Souvenirs can be expensive too but I wouldn't know since I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that shit. For hotels: stay in one of the Disney Resorts only if you plan on spending allot, get a discount or someone else is buying. Otherwise, there are plenty of hotels for much much less on the outskirts of the property - the Downtown Disney area has some good hotels and you're not too far from the parks. - Start the day with a Character Breakfast. You can research them online, they are usually all-you-can-eat and have many options for different diets. They are typically around $18 per person which I think is fair and the characters come around to your individual table. The most exclusive breakfasts are Cinderella's Royal Table (you eat in the castle but it costs about $30 per person, books many months in advance) and Chef Mickey (costs the same as the others but has the major characters and thus books quickly). - When you enter a park, harness your inner child and you will have much more fun. Run through the crowds, sing Disney songs aloud,  make fun of dumbasses and loudly protest anytime you smell wicked B.O. This will help you appreciate the fun and keep you sane (?)amongst the many nuisances you will encounter. - Get FastPasses for rides with a long wait, then get in line for a nearby ride that also has a long wait. That way, when you get off one you can usually get right on another. This works well with Splash Mountain/Thunder Mountain or the Rock 'n Rollercoaster/Tower of Terror due to proximity. You can only get one Fastpass at a time BUT you can often find FastPasses people drop and use them even if you have one already. I do this every time and have avoided hour-long waits by simply looking at FastPasses people leave lying around and using the good ones. - DO ingest hallucinogens, if that's your bag, and if you can maintain in public. Forget what a fellow-Yelper said about his bad trip on the "We Are The World" ride (the ride is actually "It's A Small World" and it's one of the lamest in any park so avoid it regardless -  a real "We Are The World" ride would probably be much cooler, what with all the 80's pop stars), this is a fantastic place to trip through. Probably best if you know the park layout fairly well or have someone with you who does.   Hope that helps... It's a great place for those of us who can tolerate the craziness and love to relive our childhood.
Going big on review number 4 hundo: Walt Disney World! I refuse to say I'm not a kid anymore, I refuse to act like I'm not a kid anymore, and I refuse to dress like I'm not a kid anymore... thus, I vacation at Walt Disney World. And I'm not gonna lie, I was probably way more pumped for a trip to Walt Disney World with my parents, BF, and bro than I should have been, but can you blame me? It's the place where dreams come true... for the most part. A lot of the rides are all still pretty cool, the shows are damn entertaining, and I realized that there are few things I enjoy more than seeing people who truly enjoy what they do for a living. After doing the circuit of amusement parks in Florida, I have to say that overall, Disney is the most top notch... but you expected that didn't you? Disney, unlike the other parks, has gracious employees, immaculate grounds, you're always near a food vendor, bathroom, or water fountain, you can bring food and water into the park, their fast pass system is Awe to the Some (and I totally figured out a few ways to cheat it... okay, not cheat it, but I defo found some loopholes), and it's pretty easy to get from place to place using their very descriptive maps. Now, I totally want to give Disney 5 stars but I'm gonna need a few things back in return in order to give the upgrade. First and Foremost, keep random strands of hair out of the food. At 2 different Disney eateries, there was a long hair in our food... and it wasn't long and Orange so I know it wasn't my own. Second, keep those rides a runnin'. It seemed like each day we'd go to get on at least 3 rides that were broken. One of them, we waited in line for 35 minutes, were about to board and then all of a sudden they tell us that we have to back up and leave, because they're closing it down- we got no pass to come back and get on either, if they do get it back up and running you have to wait in line all over again. Then it took another 20 minutes for the entire line to telephone the message back to the start that the ride was broken and have everyone back up at once. Not cool, Dudes. Thirdly, work on the food quality a little. I know it's an amusement park, but it's GD Disney. They house lions, set off an amazing fireworks show every night, and collectively get millions of people from every country in the world to visit and enjoy but they can't invest a little more in making their restaurants more top notch? I don't believe it. And lastly, something just wasn't as magical as when I was younger. I know that happens with time for most things but it shouldn't happen with Disney. I was hoping for more surprises, I guess. You know, like the first time you see the dancing fountains, the first time you take steps on the sidewalk and it lights up or plays music. It just wasn't the same. Maybe I watched too many of those shows on the travel channel that explained how they do everything and it lost it's luster. Any who, I'd like a little more mystery and a few more surprises... especially somethings that might appeal to people in my age group. I remember on our last day there, walking out and being sad that it was probably going to be the last time I go to Disney World, or was it that I'm getting older and find it harder to enjoy the simple joys of meeting a person dressed in a mouse costume while waiting in line for 45 minutes. I think, in summary, that Disney is most likely a perfect ten for young children and parents of young children, but for a couple of 20 somethings, there was defo a lacking of activities, mystery, and entertainment in mix, though we did still manage to have a rockin' time with what was available. The magic is still there, you just have to use more of your imagination to see it.
Better than California's Disneyland.  Bigger, better planned, wider and less congsted.  This is my favorite park.  I've been here as a kid and as an adult and the novelty does not wear off.
A hot dog stand in LA (my second fave in all the land, Pink's) has over 600 reviews, yet one of the most visited places on the globe has only 80 or so. Weirdness man! And those who complain about long lines, heat and humidity and high prices. Gimme a break you Debbie Downers. You know this going into the gig. I would think. It's not called the Magic Kingdom for nothing. Day One: MGM Hollywood Studios The moment we entered the gate the big afternoon parade started. Think Up With People meets Bon Jovi music. We felt as though it was just for us. Best ride/attraction was the Toy Story Mania; shooting at moving targets while the computer kept score as you glided through this high tech animated world. Awesome. I didn't win. I think my MIL did. Day Two: Animal Kingdom. OK. I get it. It's humid. You can't wipe off the sweat expecting it not to come back in, oh, I don't know, a milisecond. Give in. Be wet. A Bug's Life in 4D steal the show...totally unreal...I know that bee was RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME! Also. The safari was pretty damn cool for this city boy. Oh. Did I mention it rains in the late morning and late afternoon? Plastic panchos selling like hotcakes. Day Three. THE MAGIC KINGDOM. Started off on Splash Mountain. "You may get wet on this ride". YOU WILL GET SOAKED ON THIS RIDE!!! And well worth it. Awesome. Too much to review. Again 3D and 4D shows highlighted our 12 hour stay. The Castle. Minnie's House. The driving rainstorm that sent droves of stroller pushing families and garbage bag wearing couples outta the park. Yea. Rain. Side ways. Freaky. Like a Will Smith movie. Only without the shirtless, chiseled Will. Someone actually got trampled as we all scrambled to get to the Monorail. It was like nothing I ever experienced. Still. Magic. The Kingdom. I was giddy. Even after hearing about my beloved Farrah and well, Mr. Jackson. Day Four. EPCOT Adult day! Woo Hoo. Beers from around the world? Squeeze me? Nope. Milwaukee was not represented. We had beers from China, Ireland, Belgium, Mexico, Japan, Germany. Oh. Yea. A Bud Lite or two from Good Ole USA. Had to represent. The rides and attractions here are unsurpassed. I cannot even describe them. The fireworks at the end of the evening. Well. Magic. And brought a tear to my eye. HEY! I WAS TIRED! No. It was actually very moving. FIVE STARS MR. DISNEY. And to think I wrote my first ever book report on you in 5th grade. Got an A. So, I in return sir, give you and A. Or how about an A plus. I dedicate this review to the Gonzales family and especially Valerie who I never got to meet but know that's why I was fortunate enough to be in the Magic Kingdom.
As far as Disney goes Disney World is as good as it gets. It beats Disneyland in the face. I like how it is all together and spread out so you have room unlike Disneyland. The only downside is the weather. We went in the heat of the humid summer and just sweat like a whore in church. The transit system between parks is helpful so you don't have to deal with multiple annoying parking lots. The rides are great and the castle in Magic Kingdom is way bigger and cooler than that of Disneyland.
This park was beautiful we loved it. I really enjoy using the fast pass plus. My son loved  everything about the park
Come at times when it is least "busy" is my only tip. Come and have fun! :) the only thing I HATE is the buses and having to bus everywhere. Takes so long! But sure saves you a lot of money!
My 250Th review has to be spectacular and Disney World fits the bill! In 1959 Walt Disney started searching for land to supplement Disneyland, which had opened in 1955.  At that time 75% of America's population lived East of the Mississippi River and only 2% were visiting Disneyland. So he searched Florida and tried his hardest to buy enough land and was turned down time after time for years. To avoid a burst of land speculation, Disney used various dummy corporations and cooperative individuals to acquire 27,400 acres of land. Walt Disney died on December 15, 1966, before his dream and vision was realized.  His brother Roy Disney postponed his retirement to insure that Walt's dream would be fulfilled. On October 1, 1971 the park opened with the Magic Kingdom, the Contemporary Resort, the Polynesian Resort and Fort Wilderness. Today there are 4 major parks, Epcot, Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom and MGM Studio's. There are also 2 water parks, Blizzard Beach & the Typhoon Lagoon.. Downtown Disney features restaurants, shopping and entertainment venues. There is also Pleasure Island, the Boardwalk and  Disney's Wide World of Sports. Today there are 32 resorts and hotels on Walt Disney World's property. Disney's property holds 5 golf courses and 149 restaurants and eateries. My favorites are  Le Cellier, ( Epcot ) in the Canadian pavilion, Boma ( Animal Kingdom resort ), Capt'n Jack's ( Downtown Disney ) There are many more and this could change at any given time, cause I have a lot of favorites. I enjoy the Polynesian resort, tremendously.  I also like the Animal Kingdom lodge. My favorite rides are Pirates of the Caribbean, Aerosmith's Rockin Roller Coaster and It's a Small World. I love the Hoop de Doo Revue and the food "served up" is some outstanding vittles.  The Luau at the Polynesian is cool. I highly recommend buying Steve Birmbaum's guide before going.  I have been to Disney World many times and I always buy the updated guide. I also recommend going to allears.net/menu/menus.h… to view menus. To truly enjoy it and see it all with some relaxation time go for 10 days, at least. We always go in the first two weeks in May, best temps, least crowds and least rainfall. Shh...don't tell everyone!.
The Happiest Place On Earth.... Is that tag line taken?
WDW is the best amusement park in the world by a long shot. I went when I was a kid and remembering having the best time. So when I went with a group of friend (we're all in our mid 20's) this time around I was so excited! We knew going in that the trip wasn't going to be cheap and that's the right mentality to have. If you're into pinching pennies, do yourself a favor and make other travel arrangements. Seriously. Disney has mastered the art of magically destroy any financial plan you're on. But it's so worth it! The transportation from the resorts to the parks to Downtown Disney is well thought out. There are a couple of times where you will need to take two buses to get to where you need to go, but these instances are rare. It's free so if you have the Park Hopper option you're good to go! For those that are driving and don't want to pay the parking prices you can park at Downtown Disney (free) and take a bus from there. I would definitely recommend staying in a resort. We stayed at one of the budget suites and found it to be really comfortable. We didn't spend much time in the resorts anyway as we were always out having fun so there really wasn't any point in spending a couple of bills a day for a bed. When you stay at a resort you also automatically get magical hours, which will allow you to arrive before and stay after normal park hours to certain parks. The schedule of the magical hours change everyday and jump from park to park so make sure to check out the schedule. Bring walking shoes and a poncho! I made the stupid mistake of wear flip flops and by the end of the trip I had blisters everywhere. I ended up buying some just to get by the last two days. You're going to be doing a lot of walking as the parks are ginormous, but if you come prepare you should be fine. This is Florida so it will rain a lot during the warmer seasons. You can always buy a poncho there, but they're cheap and will break on you. Utilize Fast Pass. Never heard of it? Google it. You'll love this feature. The staff was really friendly and this park was uber clean considering that it's the largest park in the world. Food is decent, but they do offer some fine dining at Downtown Disney. Last, but not least..VINYLMATIONS..stay far, FAR away from these bad boys..Remember how I said Disney's pretty good at bankrupting you? THIS IS WHY. I got suckered in and now I'm paying for it. Literally. Buttt if you do have the funds and plenty of self control I would definitely suggest you check them out.
Disney has lost a loyal customer!!! My husband and I where here from maui and got the 4 day park hopper. We went to see the firework show at epcot at night and that used up one of our days.  When we got to epcot this morning to play in the park they said no you are out of days but you can buy a day if you like. Because we did not hop from park to park that day we are now out money and a lot of it.  I have been talking Disney up to my husband even though it was not his favorite place and it was my favorite place or my happy place...not any more thanks to the staff they made sure that we will never be back. Universal here we come
When I was 2, Disney World was the greatest thing that ever happened to me. When I was 25, Disney World was the worst thing that ever happened to me. Once I became an "adult," Disney lost some of its magic. But I still enjoyed going to Disney Land and even gay California adventure offered a couple of the best rides in any Disney park. While touring through Florida, we got to go to The Magic Kingdom for free. Even the free pass didn't save the day. Disney World is broken up into many different parks: Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom, Blizzard Beach and Typhoon Lagoon. My review is based on the comparison between The Magic Kingdom and the California equivalent, Disney Land. First MAJOR point, Space Mountain at The Magic Kingdom wasn't pitch black during the ride! I could see everything inside the mountain! And since Disney Land recently upgraded their Space Mountain, it was like comparing soft core porn to the real thing. There is no substitution for the real thing!! Next was just the size of the parks and number of rides. Disney World thinks it can cheat people out of rides by offering all these other "parks." Well they didn't fool me! Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, Space Mountain and Splash Mountain were all jokes! The rides were all shorter and lacked half the props as their counterparts in Disney Land. Unbelievable! Lastly and most importantly, Florida has this horrible condition known as "humidity." For those not familiar with it, humidity is this super gay weather stuff that makes the air feel heavy and damp. You can't cool off because it's impossible to get dry. And it generally makes life miserable. Do I sound like a sour Susann? You're damn right I do! Lucky for them we got in for free, else I'd really be mad. I will never take my kids here and for that matter I will never take my kids to Florida, the penis of America.
An amazing experience, i became a big child, i want to go back once my children are older so that they can appreciate the experience
Disney World is HUGE. It has four theme parks so you're going to need more than one day to visit all four theme parks. I would not recommend going in July. It's super HOT and very HUMID. Sometimes there's RAIN. So if you don't want to be at a crazy crowded theme park when it's hot, humid, and rainy DO NOT GO IN JULY. It will not be the happiest place on earth for you!
Man. Im going be a total dream crusher after this review. But I know it won't make a difference so eff it. As far as being being called the "place where dreams come true" . Unless your dream is to wastevall of your money youve worked so hard for, this is the def the place for you. Okay. Disney world is Such a great place to just roam around to enjoy the presence of disney characters and the beautiful scenery. But down to the nitty gritty, Place will definitely make you go broke. Of course prices are INCREDIBLY inflated. Parks are freaking miles away from each other. You have to pay a shit load more to experience all 4 parks. It's much cheaper to get the 2 park hopper. It's a given that u must see all parks since your there from far away. So there's another way you go bankrupt. I sometimes forget that the place is for kids so I get disappointed about the rides n shit but they're cute! Of course a lot of walking is done. Walking walking stopping for pictures and walking. No use purchasing the pictures the disneyland workers take bc they're usually modded and, you guessed it, over priced. Pirates of the Caribbean ride...:( man... Didn't get me as much as I'd hopped. So I will not even talk about it...:( Fireworks are always amazing. Cinderellas castle is definitely a sight! Very beautiful! The workers are international! Very diverse! That was pretty cool to see. Overall Disney world is a bittersweet place. Sorry.
