This is one of the best places I've been to in Gainesville. The food is excellent, the atmosphere is nice and the employees are very welcoming. There was also live pianist playing!!!!!!!!
Sweet lunch deal. Sandwiches come with two sides and if you add a drink you get gelato for free or a dollar or something. My vegetarian sammie had avo, cashews, dill havarti and other stuff on it and was totally good. Tomato soup was fine. Service was fine. Pretty varied menu including crepes, paninis and sandwiches. Choices for a pretty wide group and totally fair prices. Will be back. Interior is pretty sparse and basic. There's also a small patio with a few tables. Owner seemed down to earth and like the kind of small business owner you want to keep in business.
This is one of my FAVORITE sandwich/dessert places in Gainesville! Perfect for lunch or a quick dinner. It's a very small restaurant containing probably only 5 tables inside. On a nice day, eat outside on the patio tables. The staff is always very friendly. If you order a sandwich or panini for their special, it comes with a free small gelato. Which is more than enough, because their gelato is very rich! Delicious, but very rich. My favorite hot and fresh panini is the Pollo. Try their chicken salad! It's excellent with perfectly sweet red grapes. My boyfriend is in LOVE with their philly cheese steak sandwich. You really can't go wrong with anything that you order there. Downtown parking sucks for the restaurant. Be prepared to hunt and stalk down a parking spot on a busy night. One thing I really like about the Gelato Co. is that they do group fundraising. If your club or organizations needs to raise funds for a charity, host an event here! A portion of all the sales of the night will go towards your charity.
This place is GOOD.  How good?  Good enough to make you eat very cold gelato when it's only 40 degrees outside.  And as native Floridians know, 40 degrees is bordering on arctic misery. Of course, the gelato is the star of the show (and it should be), but don't overlook their insanely good paninis or their very tasty salads.  I don't know how they manage to make such light and delicious mayonnaise-based tuna and chicken salads ... think they'd tell me if I begged for a recipe?   The shop itself exudes "tiny loft" charm.  I'm a sucker for exposed brickwork and baby grand pianos carefully wedged in tiny spaces. Come here when you just want to people-watch while slowly eating lunch.  Very pretty staff, very pretty clientele.  Guys in and around this store are abnormally hawt.
So college chick took me to Cold Stone Creamery, being the chain dame she is. But I wanted to introduce her to the mother of all ice cream -- gelato! (Cue the Lizzie McGuire movie... wait.. nobody here knows what I'm talkin bout? Hahaha Nevermind youtube.com/watch?v=4KCn… at 8:45.) I can't remember the exact flavor now, but it was rich with flavor. I'm sure my son would enjoy it, too. =D
Get one scoop of the "Cake Batter" and one scoop of the "Chai." Then cross your fingers that they run out of small cups and instead hook you up with the medium. Free cookie on top, too? Sold.
Amazing gelato, absolute delight. Food is mind blowing, and well the atmosphere. The atmosphere is french bistro meets new york. The people around are amazing as well. I love love love this place :) A lot. GO.
Stopped in here for a light dinner the other night, and their sign didn't lie - it was indeed a good value!   I had a vegetarian sandwich with avocados, tomatoes, and fresh mozz (came with jalapeno chips) and an iced tea, while the boy had a different type of vegetarian sandwich with salad and an iced tea; both came with free gelato at the end, and we still got out of there for under $20! The sandwiches were good, and the options for gelato were plentiful.  I went for the cookie dough; he went for the amaretto.  Both were good (though a little colder than I prefer).   The service was really friendly.  I don't know if that's a Florida thing or what, but it's hard to find such friendly service here in Boston.  The girl at the counter even made conversation about the band on the shirt I was wearing.  The hipster snobbery in Boston tends to prevent those types of conversations from occurring.  So that was refreshing.
A solid array of flavors that include some sorbettos that don't suck--hello banana. Their small cup is way bigger than most smalls I've ever seen, and you'll get that sweet cookie on top. I was super surprised to see that they a) were open super late [like 3:30am], b) had a huge food menu for being a "gelato company," and c) supposedly sold a killer cheese steak. Cheese steak and gelato don't seem as apparent as peas and carrots to me, but I think I could make it work.
I have a few things to say about this place.  I've been here several times for the gelato and a few times for food.  Generally speaking, its not worth it...but it's really the only ice cream option downtown except for Mochi (which really isn't my style) so it will remain regardless of how good it actually is. I'll start with the food...its pretty meh.  The cheese steak is the best option IMO.  Its NJ style and pretty tasty.  However, it clearly made with pre-packaged mushrooms and onions.  I asked for it with just peppers and mushrooms and was told that they can't do that b/c they come in a mix together.  That kind of BS short cut irks me in restaurants - its not that hard to saute fresh mushrooms and onions, etc.  A lot of the other sandwiches come on what looks like grocery store white bread pressed in a panini press...it tastes that way too. Their sides are also disgusting...ask for chips instead. As for the gelato, I think calling it gelato is a bit of a stretch.  Its more like Coldstone than real gelato.  The flavor options are mediocre at best.  Sometimes there is a good one or two but more often than not the flavors are uncreative and forgettable.  Also, the daily "deal" where you get a free gelato with the purchase of a sandwich and a drink is a ripoff.  The sandwich alone is usually around $7...it's ~$10 for the deal but the drink is small (yes you get free refills) and soda only costs them about 10 cents but they charge 3$ for it...and the free gelato is served in a plastic sauce cup that you'd put ketchup in at a normal restaurant...its not even served in the small size gelato cup.  To suggest that a soda and a scoop of gelato is worth $3 is absurd.  Even so, I usually don't finish the gelato b/c its not that good.   I went for 2 stars b/c of the absence of viable ice cream alternatives in the downtown area so I go here sometimes but you're better off to drive across town to Sweet Dreams as I more often do.
Great location, but no parking.   I hope they get tons of dessert businesses from all of the restaurants in the area.  They could get more of a late night crowd if they were open until after the clubs let out on the weekends, but they might want to avoid the hassle.  The people that work here are extremely nice.   They do not have that many interesting flavors to choose from.  I came hoping for some of the stranger flavors listed on their website- honeydew, watermelon, cantaloupe, amaretto, or chai tea, .  They don't have a problem with letting you taste a ton of flavors before making a decision.  And, they are willing to pack more than 5 flavors in a small serving.  I really liked the Bittersweet Chocolate flavor, it is nice to have chocolate that is not super sweet. It is great to see so many local ice cream shops opening in the area.
This review is based solely on their gelato. Yes, the servings are small and the prices are high per oz BUT the gelato has a unique texture and flavor to justify it. I recommend the lime or raspberry flavors. The place is small and has a new-age European feel to it; it has character. Perfect place to stop by dessert with your significant other and eat it outside on the tables out front.
Although I've been to the Gelato Co. several times before, I've always resisted writing a review.  I'm not a huge fan of Gelato (I go when I'm with friends--everyone else seems to love gelato, except me!), so I always thought it would be a little unfair.  But I recently tried the food and need to share my disappointing meal.  The sandwich I ordered sounded promising (Very Berry Turkey: Turkey with dried cranberries, Swiss cheese, and tomato with honey mustard mayonnaise) but when it arrived I could tell something was way off.... -The turkey looked and tasted like Oscar Mayer sandwich meat (or rubber).   -The swiss cheese looked and tasted like white movie theater nacho cheese (how do you ruin swiss cheese?!) -The sourdough bread looked and tasted like toasted Wonder Bread (that stuff is nasty....one aspect of my childhood I wish I could forget) Really, though, it was the soupy cheese that ruined what could have been a salvageable sandwich.  I'm sure I will return, but it will be against my will.  But come to think of it....now that I know how terrible the food is, the gelato doesn't seem so bad anymore.
I used to come here for their special - a sandwich, drink, and gelato for under $10! Decent sandwiches. I'm oddly drawn to the chicken salad every time. Yummy gelato. It's pretty laid-back and chill, with a piano in the front. I've only seen a person play on it once, though. A good spot to grab lunch and catch up with friends.
A business trip brought me to Gainesville and I arrived a couple of hours early.  That gave me the time to wander a bit and to enjoy a relaxed lunch.  After passing by several chain restaurants, I was pleased to discover The Gelato Company which, according to the server behind the counter, was started by a couple of UF grads a few years ago.  Always happy to support a local business, I took that as my cue to stay at The Gelato Company for lunch. Others have commented on the great value offered by The Gelato Company, and I echo that. I ordered a vegetarian panini (avocado, tomato, mozzarella and a homemade pesto).  The sandwich was very good, although the flavors did not blend perfectly, primarily because the sauce was a bit too overpowering.  It was still quite tasty nevertheless.  The panini was served with a side salad which was ENORMOUS and dressed with a wonderfully flavorful dressing that I loved but cannot begin to describe (except to suggest that it was as if I were enjoying all of the good things in nature turned into a salad dressing!).  The coffee chip gelato with which I capped my meal was both delicious and richly decadent. I can only hope that business brings me to Gainesville again soon!
Mmmmmmmm. It seems that their small size cup is far bigger than any other small I've ever had before! You definitely get your money's worth and can easily share one with another person.
A great local downtown spot to kick back and enjoy lunch.  I love the exposed brick wall with the mildly artsy decor giving it a great downtown-vibe. The gelato is great here.  I can be happy to recommend anyone to eat their gelato.  Fresh, bursting in flavor, affordable, and delicious!  They also have sorbettos and other desserts.  You can never come here bored because new flavors roll out almost daily.  Feel free to mix 2 flavors in one cup! The paninis are delicious with their crunchy focaccia bread.  Perfectly crunchy on the outside, soft inside and tasty all over.  I love their salmone panini.  Their salad is light and delicious; their dressing is not overwhelming.  As gross as it may sound, their chicken or tuna salad is great too.  All, with a small drink equals around $8-10 dollars...plus free gelato.  Can't beat that! Highly recommended for those looking for a quick, relatively healthy, and light meal.
I've only had the gelato as dessert here, never tried anything for lunch so I cannot comment on that aspect of The Gelato Company at all. However, the gelato itself is very, very, good and the service was cheerful and prompt. One night I was there they had a young lady playing the house piano and she was churning out some pretty good Mozart and Bach which only added to the charm of the place. Their piano could benefit from tuning and also, as a grand it's a slight bit loud for the space. All and all, the mere thought of having a live pianist added much to the atmosphere. Gainesville would profit from more places for quality dessert: The Top is about the only place I can think of for pies and cakes and such that is worthwhile as a dessert destination alone if you've had dinner elsewhere. The Gelato Company is a nice addition to what we have going on downtown and I expect it to thrive.
I saw this girl I sorta know working there. It was awkward because I wasn't sure if I should acknowledge her or not. Their paninis are good.
My favorite lunch place in Gainesville! The most unique and tasty sandwiches. And of course the gelato is to die for. They always have a great variety of flavors. They let you sample before you pick your flavor out which is great. The staff is always very friendly. If it's a nice day, I recommend sitting outside. I highly recommend this place for lunch or a light dinner.
This place is awesome. They're open late, they have a totally relaxed atmosphere, the snacks and drinks are good, and oh yeah, GELATO. My best friend spent a semester in Rome and says this stuff is as good as what you get in Italy. She brought me here and we indulged. The staff will let you mix multiple flavors in one serving, and they pile on the gelato as high as it'll go in your little dish. Plus, you get a hazelnut cookie to dip in it. We went around 11:30 on a weeknight in December and they were out of almost every flavor, though. I mean, yes, it was the end of the day, but if you're going to stay open late (which rules), then make sure you can cater to the customers who come in at that time. I'm sure we could've gotten coffee or wine and been all set, but they're not called the Coffee or Wine Company. So, down one star.
Oh! My! Gawd! It's a beautiful thing when a pregnant lady meets gorgeous  waves of delicious gelato on a hot summer day.  I spent a month in Italy and have had my fair share of gelato - this place makes it fresh and authentically.  I even learned something - gelato is never made with eggs - who knew?   All of the desserts, cakes and pastries looked wonderful, but I only had eyes for stracciatella.  They do have a pretty extensive sandwich and salad menu, and the tiny interior is cozy and tastefully decorated - I'll definitely be back! Isn't this where Wolfgang's used to be?
Love the Gelato company! I work in the downtown area, so its an excellent option for lunch. They have a great lunch special for about 7 dollars that includes a salad, sandwich, and drink. You have a couple of different options for your sandwich, but my favorite is the turkey and apple sandwich with a delish cream cheese spread on sourdough. I kind of hate salad, so I usually don't end up eating the salad, but I'm sure its acceptable. The cafe itself is really cute, but the seating is limited, so I don't usually go there with groups (unless theres only 2 of us). They have a really nice outdoor area if its a pretty day though! The wait staff is really really nice and polite here. Their gelato is also very good, I'm just not a huge fan of sweets so I don't usually get it. But when I do, I try everything, and they're really nice about it. I can always find one that is delish. I would def recommend!!!
I stopped in here to have some Gelato at the Gainesville Art Fest. I'm was impressed with how many flavors they offered. Some Gelato places tend to play it safe and make 10 flavors. These guys went all out. I bet there were close to 20. I got a medium with two flavors in it. Lemon & Fruit of the Forest....they were both terrific. I will definitely be back, I just haven't got around to G'ville's downtown lately.
Ay, I'm ashamed to admit that I've been here quite a few times since it's opened, but after having gelato every night on our trip to Europe I've had a fever and the only cure is more gelato. Is it the exposed brick walls and cozy atmosphere that draw me in? Or is it the bad ass gelato? My favorite so far is pistachio, with every other flavor I've tried coming in second. I had the 3 in a medium tonight, a generous three flavors in one cup: Irish Cream, Pecan Shortbread and Death by Chocolate. The Stracciatella and Amaretto also good. The super friendly staff make it a plus. There's also cookies and cakes that look pretty darn good. And like everyone else, I'll have to remember to try the sandwiches and salads next time.  This place is located between Harry's and Emiliano's, where Wolfgang's used to be. Wherever you have dinner, go downtown for a stroll and end your evening here. **UPDATE: I've had their paninis and they're the best darn paninis I've ever had. Seriously. They must have a really good panini iron because the bread was crunchy inside and out and everything was nice and melted on the inside. My friend and I shared two sandwiches, one was the Focoso which was stuffed with salami, roasted red peppers, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and oregano on focacio bread, and the other was the Americano which had turkey, roasted red peppers, portabella mushrooms, dijon mustard and homemade horseradish sauce on focacio bread. Both came with chips, a side of chicken salad, a drink and a small gelato for under $10. It's a real, real good deal. They really took sandwich art in Gainesville to the next level. ***UPDATE: My people hear me: I've had the salads and they are good. I pity the fool that don't come here.
Never had a bad meal at the Gelato Company! It is definitely one of my favorite places in Gainesville. Their special is pretty much unbeatable; a sandwich, side salad, small scoop of chicken or tuna salad, a drink,  and a small gelato for just under $10. Awesome deal. It's extra awesome because EVERYTHING is delicious. I usually get the raspberry turkey sandwich (can't remember the exact name), it comes hot and dripping with cheese. One time I made a "mistake" and ordered it with the Jalapeno cheddar bread...it ended up being AWESOME. The sweet and the spice went perfectly together and now I order it every time. The side salad is fresh and has a creamy italian dressing on it, very tasty. Their chicken salad texture may weird some people out, but it is quite tasty. The gelato is made fresh in house everyday, so they always have new flavors. Don't be shy about asking to try a sample! It is, of course, also delicious (Oreo cheesecake ftw). Definitely a hidden gem. If you blink, you just might miss it :)
The Gelato Company is a very cute and cozy restaurant If the weather is nice, the outside seating area is a very good place to eat your meal, people watch, or chat with a friend. The inside is narrow and long. Enough for seating on the left side of the wall and the gelato-holding units to the right. They have different food combinations that are a mix of classic Tuna Sandwiches to your not-so-usual Avocado Sandwiches. I've had the Tuna Sandwich and it was actually pretty good. Not fishy like one usually thinks canned tuna tastes. It came alongside a mixed greens salad and potato soup. The potato soup was realllly good! Lastly, I will say that I enjoy gelato but the kind they make here is too rich for my taste. I can only have a sample of the hazelnut gelato before I feel overloaded on sugar and hazelnut flavor. Also, they don't offer coffee gelato which is my favorite but they do have several other assorted flavors. It's not crazy expensive in here but do plan on spending more than $8 for a meal. The Gelato Company is a nice place to eat but it doesn't stand out in my book. Nothing bad about it, don't get me wrong but it's just another place to eat for me.
This place is my FAVORITE sandwich place in Gainesville. All of their sandwiches are delicious and come with delicious sides. And if you buy a drink with a meal, you get a free small gelato. Always good customer service, a small spot but never fails to be a delicious meal. Can't go wrong with a panini.
I actually went to this place based on some of the great reviews some fo the other yelp users left. What a great decision that was!  I tried the gelato and absolutely loved it.  When I was in Italy I ate gelato every single day and it really reminded me of gelato in Italy.
4 stars because it's called The Gelato Company and the gelato is very good.  It's a charming little place and the staff is friendly. I was less than impressed with my mozzarella/tomato/avocado panini.  The bread was stale-ish, the mozzarella was not fresh, and I could barely taste the avocado.  It came with a clump of "tuna salad" (looked like canned tuna and mayo) which seems like a really random side.  I know, it's cheap, but I don't care how cheap the food is if it isn't good.  I'll be back only for the gelato.
They have good sandwiches and great gelato. There are so many flavors of gelato and they change over time - so it keeps you coming back to see what they have available now. As of this writing their regular special is buy an entree &amp; drink and get a free gelato. Usually around $10.
I have been getting gelato here for a long time and I love it! I recently ate lunch here with my dad, and the food was great, very tasty and trendy.  Exactly what I expect for a nice downtown lunch!    I would go back here and eat anyday!
Been here a couple of times. The paninnis are really pretty good (try the salmon). The little ball of tuna salad is ... odd .. but tasty. The real reason to go here is the gelato. Lots of yummy flavors. I've been here a few times and it seems they've turned down the cooler as the gelato was a bit hard last time I went there.
I want to love this place because apparently so many other people do but I just can't because every time I go something else goes wrong....maybe I'm just cursed. I've had a panini several times and it never has been served hot like a panini should be.  Even after asking for them to heat it extra long it still comes out luke warm at best.  Not to mention that I get the ole eye roll when I ask for them to leave it on a little long. The flavors of the gelato are awesome but every time I've been it's more a less resembled soft serve ice cream and didn't look nice and thick like the picture Coty S. posted.  Maybe I just happen to visit when there freezer thingy isn't working at full blast. Lastly and the cherry on top is the ole hair in the salad.  The strawberry rainforest salad would have been great had I been able to get the mental image of the curly blonde hair out of my head.  For the record I do not have blonde curly hair.  Knowing that the staff rolls their eyes at me when I request a hot sandwich I didn't even bother letting them know. See you never.
I enjoy the panini that are served here and the abundance of things that the lunch combo comes with makes me happy (I'm a grazer at heart).  I got the vegetarian panini for lunch today and it's hard to say what I enjoyed more...the sandwich, the cup of tomato bisque, the little scoop of chicken salad (a dollop of protein?) or the small dish of 1/2 coconut and 1/2 pineapple gelato I got for free b/c I bought a drink with my meal.  Not to mention the side salad which has the most delicious seasoned croutons and the best house dressing ever that I scarfed off my daughter's plate.   The only reason I left off a star is because I've been turned off of some very inventive turkey sandwich creations due to their use of subpar slimy turkey cold cuts.  I would gladly pay a little extra if they used a better turkey meat for their sandwiches.
Their red velvet gelato is a little bit of heaven on earth! I only wish they had it available more often. Oh and go try their cheesesteaks on the weekend. I promise you will not regret it.
Went downhill.  Used to have a diverse selection and now they dont. Also the last 2 times I was in there the gelato serving area looked really messy and I didnt even order anything.
The first time I stumbled upon Gelato Company was at midnight while roaming around the streets of downtown Gainesville. The location is very nice and I have since returned on days where it was the perfect amount of sunny and breezy to enjoy my meal outside. While this is a nice place to share a meal with friends because of the intimate atmosphere, the food is really nothing special. The sandwiches and paninis are reliable but there's nothing I've ordered here that has really stood out. That being said, the gelato that comes with the combo is a great way to end the meal. Despite being served in a small, plastic container, the scoops are generous and I have never been able to finish a small gelato by myself. Though I wouldn't go here specifically for the food, I'll probably end up back in here some midnight in the future craving some gelato.
As I rolled up to Gelato Co tonight around 8, the live piano playing in the background, the sweet smell of gelato and promise of a hot panini in my future, the phrase that came to my mind was "classy as hell." The turkey panini was nice, the sides were decent. But the gelato. Oh, the gelato. One cannot comprehend the deliciousness of the gelato at this fine establishment. Smooth, rich, perfectly balanced in flavor... Holy crap it was good. I recommend getting two flavors (bittersweet chocolate is fantastic, especially combined with red velvet). Also, a note on the sizes of the gelato cups: they have empty small, medium, and large cups on display so you can decide which size you want to get. Don't be alarmed by how small they are. They really pile the gelato on! I was perfectly fine with a small. I'd much rather go here than Karma, and it's probably tied with Sweet Dreams in my book, and that's saying a lot. So please. Please please please. Go try the gelato.
Great place to go for lunch in Gville. Both the gelato and sandwiches are really good.  I'd recommend the turkey and apple sandwich. It's very good. Downside to the place is that it's kinda small and only has a row of seating along the wall so it can be a bit cramped. But it's still good!
Great place to go for lunch in Gville. Both the gelato and sandwiches are really good.  I'd recommend the turkey and apple sandwich. It's very good. Downside to the place is that it's kinda small and only has a row of seating along the wall so it can be a bit cramped. But it's still good!
We have ate here several times with our family. We think the meal deal is pretty good (sandwich, salad, chips, drink, sm gelato for under $10). The pressed sandwiches are very good with odd but good choices such as turkey and sour apple and ham and raspberry. The salads are good too. I'm a big eater and I am reasonably full after this meal. I'm not into gelato. It's not as good as my home town Ruggle's brand but I have found nothing wrong with it. No, there is no parking which is planned by the city, not any of the businesses downtown.
The Gelato Company is where "dinner" used to be before they moved west. They have very fresh gelato, comparable to what you'd enjoy in Italy. I enjoyed the special, which included a sandwich, a tuna salad, a small gelato and drink. Cozy atmosphere. I hope they make it.
This is a mixed review. The Gelato Company comes across as half dessert place / half coffee shop. Actually, more like coffee shop with good desserts. The gelato is pretty good. The other food is okay. My complaint is that I went in today looking for a quiet, good coffeeshop to have lunch in and get some work done. The lunches are okay, not great, and not cheap. I paid $12 for my lunch and coffee, and then asked for the Wifi password... because they have wireless, but it is locked. I was told, "The owner doesn't give us the password." Incredulous, I asked, "Do you mean you don't have wifi for customers?" (It is a coffee shop.) "Yes." I was pretty irritated with myself that I hadn't asked up front - but the place looks and feels like a coffee shop (and there was a guy using a laptop by the front door) so it didn't occur to me. I'd be less irritated with them if they had a sign, "No public wireless." Ate lunch and left. I'll be back for gelato on an evening walk, but not for lunch...
Such good gelato.. they change their flavors often and so far I haven't had anything there I didn't like! Definitely worth it!
Thumbs up for the gelato. It may be a small serving and pricey, but it is worth it if you're not in the mood for regular ice cream. However,  I did not expect this place to be so small, and I'm cluster-phobic.
One of our favorite places to go in town. Great selection and different every day. Worth a try if you are in the area
I can't believe that Gainesville now has two ice cream places that aren't corporate and damn tasty.  Now if you're close to downtown and don't want to make the trip across town to sweet dreams you can sample some of the delicious gelato here.  I had the chocolate and hazlenut gelatos and both of them hit the spot on a hot day.  One warning, this place is kinda expensive.  $3.45 for a small gelato seems kinda high to me.  They also had some tasty sounding sandwiches and salads which I will try on my next trip.
Amazing gelato, good sandwiches. If in Gainesville and craving ice cream I rank it better than Hagan-Dazs, Ben and Jerry and Cold-Stone Creamery.
Great place! Amazing gelato! Open late. The cookies and sandwiches are also delicious!
Fresh, fresh, fresh! Great salads that are fresh and healthy. Incredible gelato options with many unique choices and all of them delicious. Plus they let you test out each type (which I studiously avoid doing out of principle. Be bold! Go for it! Your order isn't your last meal or last time there ya know). The staff are always friendly and gregarious. I love the brick wall lined sitting area or the chance to sit outside and enjoy the downtown atmosphere (brick paved roads). This place is the tops. Oh, they also do specials regularly via FB or email list.
Great gelato.  I got the gelato/sandwich/drink deal combo thingy and it was amazing.  Sandwiches are great and it ends with great gelato.  Everytime I have gone their staff has been friendly and cute.  There was some guy playing the piano that was amazing.  The only downside.......get a location with more parking.
Great late night philly cheese steaks. The restaurant is small but they have a nice patio to enjoy your treats.
Best lunch in Gainesville if you like a gourmet sandwich and great gelato.  I'd go for a panini or the turkey and apple sandwich.  Sooooo good!
Their crepes are soooooo yummy!! But it's a little pricey, but I am willing to pay since its the only place that I know of in Gainesville to get crepes. The guy at the register was a little rude to us, other than that, I'd definitely come back!
Their croissants are GREAT, and they always have a gelato flavor to suit any palate.
Yummy! I have ALWAYS got the Very Berry Turkey, with salad (there homemade dressing) and chicken salad. It's always the same and is so good. They change the flavor of gelato, so I have never been able to get the same kind twice, which is good and bad. I found a favorite, but probably won't have it again, but I always find something I like at least, so all is good....I have even turned my husband onto the very berry turkey when he has been coming here before me and always got something different.
Gelato Company provides excellent service and remains one of my favorite breakfast/lunch restaurants; I recommend either the new egg breakfast sandwich or the Sweet and Smokey turkey sandwich. Their homemade gelato flavors also present a wonderful surprise to the end of a good meal. I hear they are opening one in the midtown area as well!
Great value and very fair prices for all you get. I go there for lunch every time I'm in Gainesville. Soup good, Gelato excellent and made on premises. Salads are very good as well.
Was toddling around Gainesville with my BFFs the other day and had to stop in here. Parking was okay, but what took off stars right from the beginning is the way they have their order line set up. Its right next to peoples tables that theyre trying to eat at, and people have to walk back down the opposite way to get out of the line at the end. Being claustrophobic, that really did not set the mood. Onto the food. I got the Americano panini with "chicken salad" and creamy potato soup. The panini was good, very cheesy, but didnt really have any texture. There was no crunch or bite to it. The chicken salad is just too weird. Its a uniform texture and color, more like the appearance of a scoop of shredded cat food. The potato soup was pretty decent. A bit gritty in texture, but not too bad. Thought it was odd and rather wasteful for them to use Styrofoam cuts and plastic wear to serve the food. The only saving grace is the gelato. The peanutbutter was to die for, and the chocolate pudding was in the awesome area. Other sandwich and crepe options look promising, and Im willing to try something twice so Id probably come back again but probably only for dessert.
it's awesome! especially during summer...
