Authentic Mexican - fresh ingredients, the red Mole sauce was fiery pablano chocolatey goodness. Universes beyond its local competitors, this little hole in the wall is cozy and a good test of an authentic Mexican joint is do Mexicans own it and do Mexicans eat there? Yes and yes. You will not be disappointed. And not to take exception with  the only one-star vote, suspicious among a cadre of  four and five-star raves, BUT...well, he's from Texas and this ain't no TexMex, if you know what I'm saying. There are no cans here. This is the from-scratch real deal. Did I mention the affordability? You simply will not beat the price-point here, and you will be packing a to-go box of the more-than plentiful food for later. Respectfully submitted!
Great place. I've been twice and each time ordered the vegetarian fajitas. They came out smoking hot, and were spiced to perfection. Very fast, courteous service. It's very fairly priced. I can't wait to go back.
So much better then all the other mexican food in town. The others started great and went downhill. This place is amazing!!!!!!!
This is a tiny place that I may not have found without a recommendation but it is excellent. Authentic Mexican food done right! I had a dish with chicken, jalapenos, & pineapple (forgot the name, oops) it was so good. All of the flavors blended perfectly. My mother is very sensitive to spice & ordered a combo with a taco, enchilada,  & burrito & informed them of her sensitivity. She was so pleased with the food she said she later had a dream about it. The service was great & prompt too. The building is small but decorated very well. It makes for an intimate setting. Can't wait to go back!
I have returned 6 times since my first review. The chicken soup started out being spectacular but has been dropping in quality big time. Now its just shredded chicken with tons of rice in a broth.....  C'mon man. I know its the same cook, I always see him; he must have gotten lazy. Anyways, havent returned in a while.   My wife ordered the Swiss Enchiladas, they are not that good anymore. They had a reddish / dark brown sauce on them that smells a bit like manure (no joke). I used to love this place and they are the reason I stopped going to Las Margaritas.....  But lately, its been hit or miss. I will return once with fingers crossed hoping to not be let down.
Fast service, food is well-flavored, adequate serving most of the time.New girl/server not too enthusiastic about the work compared to the two ladies who were there before her. Chips also served much smaller or fewer now and turned out chewy/now thoroughly fried the last 2 times we were there. But all in all, decent food.
Food always tastes great and the service is outstanding. The Chips and queso is amazing.
I had 3 soft shell tacos here and all of them tasted amazing. I had the Carne Asada, Carnitas and Al Pastor taco. The Al Pastor taco was my favorite one out of all of them. I love pineapple and with the marinated pork, it was a match made in heaven. Quick service. You sit down, you eat great tasty food in a matter of minutes. What else do you want in an authentic Mexican restaurant? Now comes the price of 3 tacos. $6.95. Although the tacos were good, they weren't exactly filling. I could probably eat 2 more of any variety to even call it a dinner-sized meal. My buddy though, ordered steak nachos. That came in such a big plate, I was astounded! He could not finish the whole thing so I helped him finish his meal. The decor is playful with vibrant colors. The first thing I noticed when I sat down in one the chairs was how high I sat which is a nice change for me. I tend to find myself sitting in a slumped down couch/cushion. I will definitely come back.
Delicious! Very good family owned delicious authentic food we go weekly.. We are gluten free so you can replace all the flour tortillas with their delicious homemade corn tortillas very very good we love it
Authentic Mexican at its finest. Great service, better food. I got fajitas with chicken, sausage, and steak smothered in cheese sauce and they were amazing. My father ordered a chicken and sausage dish and he was very impressed also. The horchata was delicious. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for great authentic Mexican.
I love this place. I hate to use the word authentic, but it does come to mind in this case. Also, I have to be clear that I always order the same thing, the tacos Al Pastor. They are so, so wonderful! I'm also fond of the fresh fried chips and salsa, as mundane as that might sound. They are worth the extra $2, in my opinion. Lots of local Mexican or Central American workers come in here to eat. There are daily specials for $6.50. It's a bit out of the way, but easy to find: driving north on NW 6th Street, after you cross 39th Avenue, look on your left and you'll soon see a strip shopping center with a colorful La Pasadita sign. If it were closer to my house  or my office, I would probably go every day and try everything on the menu!
Authentic Mexican food in gainesville that rivals La Tienda. Great lunch specials and very sensible pricing otherwise. I had 3 tacos today (lengua, barbacoa, and al pastor) for $6.35. So tasty! Meat was well cooked and corn tortillas were fresh. The service was great too. Seated as soon as we entered and had our drinks in less than a couple minutes. Food arrived in about 10 minutes and we were checked on an appropriate amount of times. Checks came and were returned quickly too. I'll be headed back soon to try the rest of their menu.
I've lived in Gainesville for 20 years and this is the best Mexican food I've had in a long time! All others just taste the same and leave me feeling queasy after eating. I'd pretty much written off Mexican until we popped in here the other day. I had the taco salad w/ pulled chicken and  was surprised by the large amount of chicken. Next time I will ask for sour cream and beans on the side- it was a little mushy but still delicious. Hope they keep up the good work and don't compromise on the great quality!
Authentic Mexican food restaurant! Amazing food, fast service, great prices, friendly staff, clean appealing dining area. Definitely recommend!
A small, humble, restaurant in a bit of an out-of-the-way location, it's easy to overlook La Pasadita, but very worthwhile to bother to find them. I had the three tacos and got al pastor for all three: the pork was perfectly prepared in the al pastor style and the tacos were served with cilantro, onions, and lime as is the Mexican tradition. Moreover, the tacos were large--even larger than La Tienda's and for less than six dollars, this was enough for dinner which to me is very impressive both in terms of quality and also value. The menu has plenty of other options, too, and all are very fairly priced. I got my tacos for take-out and they were cooked up promptly but were certainly fresh, too. They provided both salsa roja and salsa verde for the tacos: the salsa roja was quite good--spicy and also smokey--but the salsa verde wasn't very impressive, really. I would not say their queso--which I also ordered along with chips--was quite of the caliber of La Tienda's, either, but still it was certainly fine. There is nothing fancy about La Pasadita but they do what they do very well: traditional Mexican comfort staples served up quickly whether for dine-in or take-away. While not quite as good as La Tienda, this is the next best option for authentic Mexican food in Gainesville.
I've passed this place for a while, but finally stopped in last night. I mistakenly thought this was just another mexican america / tex-mex joint, but I was delighted to find it was pretty authentic (or my perception of authentic mexican should be). I'm still a faithful La Tienda customer, but this place is a lot closer to my house and I enjoyed the smaller more intimate atmosphere. My chicken tacos were awesome, and I'd say they were a tad bigger than La Tienda's. The sauces were delicious, and the service was fast and friendly. Girlfriend got enchiladas with the red mole which was really good as well. I'm looking forward to trying their sopa de pollo next!
Amazing Mexican food that even surpasses La Tienda. They make their own tortillas which were amazing. The chips were freshly made with excellent queso & salsa. Their rice was very good and significantly better then La Tienda. Each of our dishes were excellent. I was surprised how great everything was especially for being nearly 3pm which is the time between lunch & dinner when most places suck. The tres leches maybe the best I've had in Gainesville. The flan isn't as good as La Tienda. This place is now my favorite Mexican place in Gainesville.
Great food!  Owned by the same people who own las margaritas and la tienda. Las margaritas is their "American style" Mexican restaurant while la tienda is much more authentic. La pasadita is closer to the la tienda experience. The tacos carne Asada and Al pastor are excellent. La tienda was my favorite lunch spot while I was a student but it's so far south from where I am now. I was always hoping they would open a "la tienda north" and now they have! The red and green chili sauce they serve with the tacos is home made and delicious. I think this type of sauce is what burrito brothers was trying to produce but they made kool aid instead.
Great authentic Mexican food. Speedy service even with our large group. The place is colorful, bright and open. If you're looking for a genuine experience, this is a must.
As good as it gets for Mexican in Gainesville. Three tacos for $6.35. Proper tortillas, cilantro, salsa, meats etc..
This review is a bit overdue, but we really enjoyed eating here. Real Mexican food! They even had horchata, which was very good. I had the al pastor fajitas. Delicious pork, pineapple, onion, and pepper on a hot skillet. Homemade corn tortillas! Husband had chicken mole. Good sauce and nice chicken flavor. Chips were fresh out of the fryer. Enjoyed the colorful decor. We will be going back.
My favorites are the Enchiladas Mexicanas, Tacos Carnitas, and Enchilada Guerro. Their prices are very reasonable and the food quality is some of the best you can get in Gainesville (for Mexican). I really enjoy going for lunch because of the speedy service. I'm always greeted with a smile. :)
What an undiscovered little jewel. Authentic Mexican. My chicken with green mole was two large fork-tender breasts with just-right rice with a few chunks of tender veggies and yummy beans and cheese. My husband would not stay out of my plate. The service was fast and sweet. You can tell this is a family business run by people who truly care about the food. And it is extremely affordable. That should be in all caps. You won't find a better meal in Gainesville for anywhere near that price. But we'll go back at twice the price. Go. Tell your friends. This is a business that deserves our loyalty!
Really mediocre.  Did not pass the salsa test.  Everything tasted like it came from a can or bottle, Sexton style.  Forget the trip.
I am eating La Pasadita's steak fajitas as I type this. This only my second trip of many future visits. Don't expect much aesthetically from this small "hole in the wall" mexican restaurant. Expect good, fast service and excellent food. I am a Southern California transplant that has been in Gainesville 8 years now. I have always thought the Mexican food was lacking. It seems everything that passes as Mexican food here includes ground beef. La Pasadita has many authentic meats such as Al Pastor(I had this the first time), Lengua, Campechano, Carnitas, Chorizo etc. I am looking forward to trying their tamales, rellenos and enchiladas in the future.
