I've been here a handful of times over the years and the selection is pretty decent and the people have always been helpful.   But I went recently and got phenomenal service getting shoes for my wife and myself.  We arrived after dinner and lucky for us the store was not busy.  One of the guys took his time with us, explaining what shoes were best for what we wanted to do, differences between styles and brands, and gave us tips on how to test how well they fit,  Patient, friendly, helpful.... amazing.  Thank you!!! This is 100% opposite what we experienced in the shoe department of another outdoor outfitter store recently.
Great store. Looking for gifts or for yourself staff is wonderfully helpful. I shop here all the time. Every sport you can think of and all the fun gadgets from hiking shoes to kayak equipment to jackets and the best socks. Love this store. Bought some of my clients headlamps as a real estate closing present because they all hike. If the power goes off they are all set. If they are looking for something in a closet or dark space it looks where u r looking. Staff recommended them.
First of all, LOL at "JR" who signed up for an account and posted ONE review just to bash a business  because he didn't get his way! I normally wouldn't give out a 5 star rating, but someone needs to balance out that guys BS. I'm a fan of EMS. This location is a little dated. I've seen other stores that are far more modern with a much larger variety of gear. That being said, I think this store does a good job at keeping up with everything I need whenever I go in there. EMS carries a lot of high end gear for people who know how to use it, so I'm not surprised by the staff talking to them selves about the gear they sell. To me t shows they love what they do. I just wish they paid a little more attention to other customers who really do need help. Maybe they're under staffed, I dunno. The area where they shine the most is in footwear, They have a huge selection and the people that work there really know how to fit boots. They also have a decent selection of Superfeet which I desperately need. Smartwool socks are always in stock. I'll keep shopping at EMS. The products are great, the service is very good.
Outdoor adventures, well this is another good placed to shop EMS has a great merchandise, all you need for you expedition. Sleeping bags, Tends, kayaks, hiking gear, shoes, just name it and they'll have it, service is great people are really knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommended .
A great place to shop - excellent variety of merchandise for all your outdoor needs. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Good selection of winter clothing, shoes, exercise clothing, and camping/hiking gear. Everytime I go, I always leave thinking I should be more outdoorsy and adventurous.
I've been going to this EMS since I was a kid and it's kind of my go-to place for outdoorsy things. I usually pass the regular priced items and go straight for the sale area, which is usually pretty good.  They have a really big inventory so I try stuff on and then go buy it online cheaper.  The sales staff is nice but usually really slow and they are often chatting with each other and almost every time I go I have to call over someone to ring me up.
This particular EMS is pretty good, it's small, and even the staff will admit it could have more selection, but I've never gone wrong with anything I bought.  I buy mostly warm clothing and underwear, and the stuff works great and it's lightweight.
OK, I'm not really the "Jock" that everyone thinks I am! The two canes should give me away right away!  Be that as it may be  (or not) This is a great store. It's like being a kid again in a toy store and even more to the point the staff really knows their stuff and honestly trys to help you! I was just there buying some summer shoes and with a few oddities that I have to consider  they came through totally! The big sporting chain stores are great but personal attention and help like this beats them totally. Plus their sales are great. And after buying more than you were going to, but having it be on sale you then can go across the street to Starbucks and have a venti whatever! Gene Casey
