I love this place! The staff here are always so friendly and warm. The pastries are amazing. The cherry danish is my daughter's favorite. The also have chocolate chip cookies stuffed with an entire Reese's Peanut Butter Cup or an Oreo. I would have to say that my favorite dessert here are the Coconut Rum Balls. I had a box of pastries put together for a party and they were a hit! The prices are very fair. You would almost expect to pay much more for these desserts. The dining area is always clean, but could use some upgrading. The chairs are the plastic-type lawn chairs. I have also had the tuna salad sandwich twice and it's the best! This place is just great. I believe Dolce Vita also make an appearance at the Farmers Market Downtown (Bo Diddley) on Wednesdays, so you can get their pastries there!
Tried the cronuts with the three different flavors of creamy deliciousness inside -- wonderful! Also tried vanilla and chocolate cupcakes -- also wonderful! Butter croissants were melt-in-your-mouth terrific! Cute bakery with lots of pastry choices in their case and a friendly and helpful staff.
Rarely do I return to the same place to eat twice. Doubly so in a city where I do not live. Dolce Vita is an exception. It's in a humble location but has bright green signage you can't miss. In the café, everything is brilliantly clean, neat and tasteful. The baked goods are on display in abundance. In fact, I drool just looking at them. The menu is simple but has a well selected variety of sandwiches and the like. The prices of the baked goods are especially low for being such extremely high quality! There's always something new to ogle at and buy, such as the sweet loafs I saw today. The owner is very approachable and incredibly confident about her products. A confidence deserved, anyone could agree. I keep coming back for the delicious London Broil sandwich. It layers roast beef, tomato, lettuce, onion, cheese and horseradish. Not necessarily in that order. I personally forego the onion. Each ingredient is so fresh. Go here and eat everything. That's my recommendation.
I am in this place every day, multiple times a day for coffee, lunch, snack, or just to chat with the great, friendly staff. The quality of everything is top notch, nothing is second class here. Everything is super fresh and tastes amazing. The store is kept spotless. If you don't go there you are definitely missing out on one of Gainesville's best eateries.
Love this tiny bakery/restaurant.  Great for breakfast and lunch.  Lots of variety and always delicious.
I've only been here once and the best thing about it is how warm and friendly the woman working there was.  My husband and I shared three pastries, ranging in price from $2.75 to $3.50 which seems reasonable to me.  We tried three pastries: The cronut was very good!  We got one with raspberry, chocolate, and pastry filling and they were all creamy and airy. The lobster claw was ok, but the pastry part was a weird, overly chewy texture that made it seem as though it may have been sitting out for a while and getting stale. Our turnover was mediocre.  The filling very much tasted like it had been dumped in straight out of a can with a very processed taste. We were only visiting Gainesville for a few days, so I don't know if there is a better bakery around, but overall, I felt like this one was pretty good, but I'm not terribly eager to return.
I love their desserts here! They have a wide variety of pastries and they also have sandwiches here if you feel like eating something heavier.
I had a turkey sub and some pastries including a baked cronut and it was all good. I liked the freshness of if the sandwich but disliked the overly hard bacon. The pastries were wonderful and were completely perfect. I prefer the lobster tail I tried to the actual cronut, but perhaps the fried cronuts are better.
I finally got a chance to visit dolce vita this morning.   I was there just as they opened and therefore they did not have the fried cronuts ready:-(  instead I got a assortment of other pastry.  The pistachio muffin was my favorite and reminded me of my visits to northeastern bakeries.  The story was clean and the staff friendly.  The location is relatively close to my house and ilook forward to returning.   This is a very good alternative to the Uppercrust Bakery on 16th.  Let me say that I love everysingle thing Uppercrust does..  but if I dont feel like wondering about the placement of my pinky whilst drinking my fresh pressed coffee...  this is a great, reasonable,  casual alternative.   Which makes me love it even more.  Great fresh baked goods without paying "The Fresh Market"  prices.  Really looking forward to going back for the fresh "fried" cronut. Which sounds like is typically ready about 9-9:30.  It is nice to have a local food restaurant at reasonable prices. Wish Gainesville had more examples of this! Also, there was a nice mix of customers while I was there.  Hippie types, blue collar, and soccer moms!  It has to be good with such a range of patrons
My husband surprised me for my birthday with an awesome cake from here. It was fantastic. Yellow cake, thin layer of icing on the outside. Layer of custard and chopped strawberries in the middle. Then sliced strawberries on the outside. Amazing. Light, fluffy. Perfect! I consider myself a pretty good judge of cakes and this is really up there on my list. Would make this my regular spot for birthday cakes year after year if we stayed in Gainesville. Thanks!
In full disclosure, we are cronut snobs because we have been to the Dominique Ansel bakery in NYC multiple times (see our review and photos). He is the chef that created the cronut pastry.  Most recently have been two months ago. Fast forward to today... my hot smoking wife and I walked into Dolce bakery and were pleased to see they had cronuts because three prior attempts they ran out. We chose a cronut that had raspberry, chocolate and pastry filling. The cronut was rubbery and the filling was sweet and tasted like refrigerator. Gross!  What a disappointment.  It was definitely NOT made by a chef. Will not be back.
My husband and I are convinced this is the best bakery we've ever been to in the States. We love the cookies (coconut pecan!), ham and cheese croissant, and especially the flan- a hard dessert to make. The staff is so sweet and helpful, and seem proud of their business. One day, a worker even helped me bring my bag to my car, as I had my baby girl in my arms. We will be regular customers here, and are glad to live so close!
Cronuts, breakfast bowls, cookies, coco bombs, napoleons and more! These are just a few of the wonderful goodness I love about this place. The owner is great and very accommodating. Her salads are amazing as well. We are very lucky to have this pastry shop here in Gainesville
Being from New Jersey originally, it is hard to find anything that can even compare to the pastries from the tri-state area.  This place not only met, but exceeded my expectations.  The eclairs are spot on and the veggie filled croissant was delicious!  I definitely recommend this bakery to anybody who is looking for quality pastries and great service.  Especially for those Yankees looking for a taste of home.
Smells are incredible & the bakery items are delicious.  We had to get an eclair, macaroons cookies, coconut cream mini pie, & a chocolate chip cookie.  Would love to try their sandwiches & soups!!
My boyfriend ordered me some strawberry and creme cronuts for my birthday and they were delicious. They even wrapped the box with a pretty bow. I'm definitely going back for some more.
I haven't written a review in about three years so that goes to show how often I feel the need to comment on a specific place.   I first stopped into this place to get some pastries for a long ride to Savannah for my family because this place was on my way home and I had been meaning to stop.  I got a ton of stuff and it was all good. I then visited a second time and saw the grinch muffin (pistachio muffin named grinch for holidays) and I was hooked, truly the best muffin I have ever had. The real story comes when I went back and ordered lunch.  They always have a special for under $10 with chips and a drink and you just can't find that anymore.  The always cheerful and happy staff recommended that I try the fresh baked ciabatta roll for my fresh sliced, boars head sandwich and again I was hooked.  So many more amazing things I have had here from desserts, to chicken tortilla soup, to sandwiches, all the way to a fresh cooked egg and bacon and sandwich on an everything bagel!!! I am now a bi-weekly or more customer that loves to eat all meals here and if not I at least stop in to be greeted with a smile and get some cookies and random awesome sweets for my son. Sorry for the long rant but you have to eat here!  It is a little difficult to spot but I think that keeps it a little tucked away so it is never a huge line.  Stop in for anything and I promise you will be pleased with the service and the food I promise!
Everything looked delicious. I had a turkey avocado sandwich and it was very tasty. I wanted to try their plain croissants and eclairs but they ran out of both, so I will have to come back soon. Customer service was superb.
I don't get what all the enthusiasm is about.  Just above average lunch in poor environment.
This place is so awesome I absolutely love it! They have the best cakes, and pastries in town. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable about all of the items they have. There sandwiches are great! My favorite is there chipotle chicken. I love coming In and looking at all the different cakes and pastries they have to offer. My personal favorite are their eclairs. A++++ :-)
I really like this place! It's clean, the staff is friendly and explain any questions you have. The food and desserts are well worth every cent....My kids love stopping by on Wednesday after school for different treats. We have try many of the desserts and some of the food off the lunch menu, it all has been really good!!! Always looking forward to my next visit. Love that there open on Saturdays too.
I am so excited that others are loving this place as much as we are. Here is what I have tried - all in the last 8 days mind you - I seriously need new pants: --Almond croissant (expected more flakiness, was more bread-like) --Nutella croissant (super) --French horns (first one had chocolate ganache at the end, chocolate pudding in center, cream at open end and was hoping second one would be identical and it wasn't). Will have to ask next time. --Cronut (the one with cream, chocolate and raspberry - magical) --Guava cream cheese croissant (incredible flakiness here) --Oreo-stuffed cookie (treat inside a treat) --Antipasto salad (I think my real favorite) Every single thing has been out of this world. I am constantly trying to think of how to leave work early so I can get there before 5. Even as I am eating the oreo-stuffed cookie right now and had a French Horn for breakfast, I am wondering if my husband could take our kid to the YMCA early today and pick up something before they close.
Took a friend to the Dolce Vita Bakery Cafe for lunch.  Ordered Greek Salads so we'd have room for dessert. Although pretty simple, the salad was large and the ingredients really fresh and crisp.  The dressing was pre-packaged but actually pretty good.  For dessert:  Cappuccino and an Almond Cookie - heavenly!  I will be going there again.
Outstanding product for a very reasonable price.  Everything we have had has been excellent.  The baker has a real gift and produces some of the best baked goods in Gainesville.  You need to ignore the surroundings and know the shop itself is nicely decorated. They also serve lunch but I think the baked goods are the highlight.  There is a pistachio muffin which I would never even thought about ordering,  it is green :), but it was outstanding and now I am addicted. If you appreciated a quality baked good and pastry this is the place for you.
This place is fantastic! Not only do they make some spectacular pastries but they have great sandwiches too. I eat there entirely too often.
Great addition to town!  Went there with my kids just to check it out.  Ended up buying everything I could get my hands!  Their chocolate & almond bread pudding is amazing.  Kids loved their cupcakes and their chocolate chip cookies.  Loved the food so much that we went back today and tried their croissants and cronuts.  Cronuts were out of this world and the croissants were crazy good too.  If you're up by the NW YMCA please stop by and try this place out.
What a lovely bakery. On our way through, we found this on Yelp and stopped in and bought a gift of some cookies to bring to our hostess. The lady who waited on us (owner perhaps?) was so accommodating and carefully packed our gift box and was so pleasant. The goodies are to die for. I drooled the entire time. The place is sparkling clean. Love!
Their cronuts were excellent! With vanilla and chocolate creams inside, these cronuts make me want to go back there again. I need to go earlier next time(I was there around 3 pm), so that I will see more pastry options. Great bakery to compete against upper crust!
Cronuts are cold and not very tasty. Trying to ride the fad but not worth the money or the trip
Had a great lunch topped off with a berry tart. We took strawberry napoleon home! Yum!
