Such. Great. Food. And pleasant service. Gyro Plus has bold Mediterranean flavors that are made fresh to order. It takes a little while to get your food if there's a queue (10-15 minutes), but it is so worth the wait. I love the falafel hummus vegan pita. They have a pretty wide selection of Mediterranean foods with generous portions. I recommend this place to everyone!
The falafel here falls short, but the sides come to the rescue. Their baba ghanoush is smokey and intense, the hummus is a revelation to anyone who is used to store bought stand-ins, and the flatbread is fluffy and tasty. However, I come here for falafel with friends sometimes, always order a falafel sandwich, and am always left wanting more out of the falafel itself. The hummus and tahini sauce? Bomb. The flatbread? Warm and fluffy. But the overall toned down approach to the flavors in the Falafel and sandwich itself earns just a passing grade. Do yourself a favor and order bread, hummus, baba ghanoush, and lentil soup or tabbouleh if you want to experience memorable flavors here. No bad food here, just a victim of westernized tastes.
This place is amazing. Great food for low prices. I highly recommend the Falafel sandwich. They also offer a variety of baklava, many flavors I have never tried before.
Best Lebanese food around university. The halal chicken with cheese is perfect for non-red meat eaters. Soup is ok but the fries are always warm and freshly made. They have a lot of variety with their sweets mainly Baklava. The place is small but I like to go their for the food and I like their authenticity.
It was only okay.  We ordered the gyro platters with salad, humus, etc.  I ordered extra pita bread and it was all tasty but kind of skimpy on the meat.  If I were to go back, I'd save a few bucks and just order the sandwich platter with fries versus the dinner platter.
Overall the place is okay. I'm not sure if the owners are really Greek or if it's real Greek food or what but it's most likely the best Gyro in Gainesville considering there is no other competition.  Not my favorite Gyro of all time but the Baklava was really good. I would not go out of my way to back :(
I came here for lunch one afternoon and this place is great.  It is inexpensive and the service was quick.  I needed to catch a plane and I was looking for somewhere fast.  A friend of mine has suggested a Carribean place at the time but it was closed and looked a bit dodgy.  So we went a couple units down to this place, where there were actually people sitting down & eating!  We felt that was a great sign!   We ordered the falafel hummus vegan pita, which was quite delicious!  It was definitely a great pre-boarding lunch.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for some good gyros!
Solid gyro place. The tzatziki sauce is awesome, bread is good, ingredients are fresh, the gyro could be better seasoned, but overall, a decent gyro sandwich. There is another middle eastern place a few storefronts down, but Gyro Plus is much cheaper. Low key environment, seems to be a one-man show taking orders, going to the back to cook, and in charge of inventory, accounting, customer service... I sense the owner is a bit stressed, but he is a gracious host and I will definitely be back to try the hummus and baba. See ya soon!
This place has the best gyro in Gainesville. They don't have much competition though, so its definitely not the best gyro I've ever had. Their fries are also really good and addictive (crack fries). I would give this place 4 or 5 stars if their prices were lower. It's ~$10 to get a gyro and some fries and that doesn't even include a drink.
Ok let me correct myself. Still not a fan of the falafel. I don't know if they changed some of the recipes, but the hummus is the best in town. Supremely creamy and zingy. The veggie kibbie sandwich is incredible. Fried pieces of what amounts to well spiced bulgar wheat burger. The tabouli is also well done. I haven't felt sick eating here in the last year so maybe my previous review was reactionary. The combos are priced right for the amount of food you get (filling). The rice is pretty mediocre (uncle bens style), the falafel ok, spinach pie decent/tasty, fries great, lemonade way overpriced, baklava standard, the brothers that work there are hard working and deserve some tips despite their curtness. Just watch them through the window, imagine doing this every day for God knows how many years, and try not leaving a tip. The ambiance is very stale and lacking any character besides catering to the generic Gators profile. The music (annoying relentless middle eastern house/techno) is overbearing. We're trying to eat not dance, why not some more tasteful middle eastern music? Happy to say I was wrong about some of the food here. Definitely one of the better places in town for this food, though the choices are surprisingly slim. P.S. there is parking in the back.
One of my favorite eats in Gainesville. Food is always delicious. My favorite is steak and cheese gyro. Their fries and spinach pie are amazing too, not to mention the baklava!
I found this place by accident one night.  It's located next to Mother's, where my friend and I tried going one Wednesday night (as you probably are aware, Mother's has a great hamburger special on Wednesday, but seating becomes impossible anytime after 5pm).  We were tired of waiting, so we walked next door and discovered Gyro Plus.   The falafel (huge portions!), baklava (the perfect flakiness, try almond), and Turkish coffee (make sure you ask for it strong and sweet) are the best I've ever had (although I've never visited the Middle East).  While I've never personally ordered the grape leaves platter, I tried my friend's, and it too is delicious. I worked for an English language program, and a majority of our students are from the Middle East (UAE, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, etc.).  They all somehow seem to discover this place within the first week of arriving to Gainesville, and it's not uncommon for me to run into one of them when I visit.  If Gyro Plus has their approval, it definitely has mine for authenticity and overall deliciousness!
This place is really more of a 3.5, but until yelp gets its act together, I'll go ahead and bump it up to a 4. Going off the name, you might think Gyro Plus serves Greek food, but you'd be wrong. Sure, they have gyros, but they're more of a Middle Eastern sort of place - think baba ganoush, falafel, and etc. The place is competently staffed, although the service can be a little brusque depending on who is working the counter. The interior isn't fancy by any stretch - you order at a counter and your food comes out on a large plastic tray a la McD's - but it's clean and strangely cozy. Overall, the food is pretty darn good. The gyros are just alright - a bit disappointing considering they get top billing - and one of the reasons we don't head here very often of late. Like other reviewers have noted, the fries here are flipping out of this world good, and easily the best in Gainesville. The hummus is, without exaggeration, the best we've ever had - silky, tangy, and refreshing void of the nastyass raw garlic-iness that you usually get in hummus. Oh, and when you pick up something to-go, they go through the bag withyou and indicate  that everything is as you ordered it ("Steak gyro minus tomatoes, side house dressing, ... ") - an old-fashioned touch that we really appreciate. Price-wise you're looking at probably $10 a head, so not exactly cheap. And, if you're like virtually everyone I know and use a debit card for your retail transactions, you'll incur an extra charge here. Boo.
So I figured that eight years was a long enough cooling-off period to give Gyro Plus another shot, and last night I found an opportunity to visit.   I went pretty basic -- classic gyro meat and a side of fries (living dangerously, I know!) and overall I was satisfied.  The fries were definitely different than the previous visit; they were classic thick-cut as opposed to the shoestrings that I ate all those years ago.  I enjoyed them quite a bit and actually finished them before I even touched the sandwich.  You can get these kind of fries at other places around town if you look hard enough, btw.  (Silver Dragon and Mac's both serve them.) The gyro sandwich itself was huge and generously topped with lamb meat, lettuce, two thick slices of tomatoes and lots of raw onion.  (I took this off to spare everyone the displeasure of having to smell me later.)  The cucumber sauce was drizzled on so heavily that I had a puddle on my plate by the time I finished the food, but it was still enjoyable.   I noticed a bit too late that they offer Turkish coffee.  It seemed a bit pricey to me at $2.75, but considering that the only other place I've even been able to find the stuff is in St. Augustine, I guess that's a fair trade-off.  I'll have to give it a shot next time I'm on University. My husband ordered peanut baklava.  I didn't like this at all, but that's probably due to the way the peanuts tasted, and not their actual pastry recipe. In the end, I ended up spending a little over $11, which is about what I would have spent at the Sun Center Kabob House for less food in the end.  I'm not blown away, but I'd return again.  3.25 stars.
I just wanted to update as I ate here tonight (30 November 2010). The beef gyro--served in a combo with Gyro Plus' outstanding French fries--was as good as ever and the French fries I would still say are the very best in town, anywhere. The service is always very friendly and also, quite prompt. The restaurant space and atmosphere itself hasn't changed in years--at least since 2004--but that's neither here nor there as this isn't a fancy place or somewhere you come for the atmosphere. The only thing I found substandard--and this has happened a couple times over the course of the current year--is that the baklava, though once normally outstanding, has apparently fallen upon hard times. My walnut baklava was tough and looked like it had sat around far too long. Before ordering it, I'd even asked "which baklava [of their several kinds] is most fresh?" and the owner said "all, all are fresh" so I chose the walnut. It wasn't so fresh. I don't know for a fact, but suspect their baklava is bought from a place in Jacksonville and not made at Gyro Plus. There are a couple Middle Eastern grocers in Jax that make baklava and ship to restaurants in Florida and Georgia and I expect that's the deal here, and would explain why if it doesn't sell quickly it might be stale. I will certainly go back for the gyros, fries, and smoothie-shakes--which for nearly a decade have never failed me. I won't be purchasing any more baklava though.
Gyro Plus is delicious! It's a little Greek restaurant almost towards Downtown Gainesville. They have a pretty expansive menu of gyro platters, greek salads, pita & hummus, pies, and BAKLAVA! Since it is along University Ave, the street parking is kind of a challenge sometimes. Or maybe I just need to practice my parallell parking more, meh. I am not really sure why they call themselves a grocery. I didn't even know it was a "grocery" until I saw their Yelp page today. They have a couple of dusty items for sale here and there on their selves. I think people just mainly go there for the restaurant part though, at least I do. I usually get the Daily Combos. My favorite is the Halal Beef Gyro sandwich with fries and a soda. The beef in the sandwich is seasoned perfectly with tomatoes, lettuce, and a delicious cucumber sauce. The meat is just so juicy and Mmmm!! They also for some reason have really tasty fries. The fries are jullienne cut and fried in what I assume really fresh oil. Every piece is golden, well salted, and crispy. Instead of a soda, I upgrade the combo to a fruit smoothie. My favorite is the strawberry, banana, and apple juice smoothie. They blend everything together right before your eyes. The smoothie consistency also has those little tiny bits of fruit to chew on, so you know the fruit is fresh. I'm also a sucker for baklava. Try it! It's not the best I've ever had, but it's better than none at all. The only downside to the restaurant is sometimes our meal does take a while to prepare. I'm not really sure why. Maybe it's the kitchen staff. I'll have days where it's done under 10 minutes. Sometimes I'm sitting there starving to death watching everyone eat around me. Go try Gyro Plus though! The meals are always consistently delicious!
Love love love their food. Cannot say enough good things about their gyros. They're huge and I finished the whole thing bc it was just sooo good! This is what a gyro should taste like! Their salad's are good too. Service is very fast and very friendly! Very affordable. I'd give them 5 stars but I hate their inside seating and I have yet to try everything on their menu. Can't wait to try their baklava! Love their seating outside! Edit: Their fries are to die for!!
I've been eating here for 9 years, and I still love it. The atmosphere is very casual, order at the counter, sit down and grab your food when your number is called. I don't eat meat so I can't speak for any of their meats, but I always get the veggie falafel sandwich, and it's always great. Their fries are the best! Their sandwiches are huge and always filling. Definitely worth checking out.
This place rulz...I have yet to find another place with gyros this good.  Add feta if you want to blow your mind.  I have tried almost everything on their menu down to the smoothies and everything has been fresh and amazing.  Not gotten sick at all! Best Gyro in Gainesville.
I like Gyro Plus, but I wish I would have read a few opinions on the chicken gyro before I tried it a few weeks ago. If I had not been previously to try the classic beef gyro, I would've been completely underwhelmed. I won't be trying the chicken again. However, a nice classic beef gyro/fries/drink combo always hits the spot. I don't really come often enough to try other things, just when I'm craving a gyro. I think the combos are overpriced to be honest. I feel like I've been had when my wife and I come here and order 2 combos for ~$20. It's good food, but it just feels like it should be more like $15 for a couple of combos. I usually get a soda with my combo, but I've noticed their idea of sweet tea is a cup of unsweetened tea with a varying amount of sugar water added into it. Kind of weird... The fries, in my opinion, are what I expect of french fries every time I eat them. They're great, but I rarely eat fries anymore because 90% of the rest of the world is doing it wrong. It's really a shame that we have to rave about a product that should be the industry standard, but the upside is that it makes me appreciate the restaurants like Gyro Plus that get it right. The atmosphere is pretty dingy, but not uncomfortable. They have more outdoor seating than indoor which is funny to me. It's never too busy and I can't imagine that they ever get anywhere near capacity unless I'm just coming at way off-peak times. All in all, very solid choice.
Mmmm.. Gyro Plus is so good! Their beef gyros are huge and delicious and their baklavas are amazing. Try the walnut chocolate baklava- it will not disappoint. Trust me! Stay away from the chicken gyro... it was way too dry for my taste.
These people here are good at two things 1: Making Gyro's 2: Ripping you off they increase the menu prices once every year or so and working in this area and having old menus I have the proof in print. it wouldnt be a bad thing if it was b/c the portions were bigger, ask if they are and they will say no, they just did it to do it!!! getting a beef gyro, fries and coke for the old '05 price of 6 something was great, then it was for $7.45, currently it is $9.10 still not including a refill.         Thats just getting cocky!!! I say go here and enjoy, but demand the '08 price of 7.45 for the beef gyro combo or else dont be surprised when you see a $12.00 gyro next year or the year after
OK it's been a while since I've had a gyro at Gyro's Plus. Mostly getting my greek Tarpon Springs. Here's why one star down from 4. Went in for 1 lb of gyro meat. Got my order to-go. tzatziki sauce was in the bag. They are obviously buying their gyro meat from a new supplier. Definitely a cheap cut of gyro meat now. Used to have a more lamb flavor, more greek spice with lots of garlic flavor. Almost tasteless meat now. Very weird texture also. Here's the kicker. I would have only taken them down to three (3) stars for switching to a lower quality of gyro meat. But the tzatziki sauce has pickles in it. They are taking advantage of college students and not having any other gyro competition in gainesville and making a tzatziki sauce that tastes like sourcream and relish. There aren't pickles or relish in tzatziki !! It's greek yogurt, cucumber, garlic, lemon juice, mint or greek seasons, and that's it ! I am shocked on this last finding. Ozzy and Omar should know better, and are obviously cutting corners to make an extra $. Shame shame. On my boycott list now ! No soup for you ! One STAR !!
In my visits here, I've only tried a few items... and honestly, as much as I try, I just don't want to stray from the gyro. The Greek places I'm used to in Tarpon Springs make a different type of yogurt sauce - (thicker tzadziki) - the counter person told me one time that they are Lebanese, an answer to why it was slightly different than what I expected. The one chicken gyro I tried was meh, so, I stick with the beef/lamb mix meat - piled high, lots of onions and tomatos and lettuce... and that sauce I love so much. Even this version. I used to eat there and get the special (incl fries and a drink) but quickly decided that take out and a soft drink at home was a far better value. Thats a really big gyro, and I'm not a small guy with a tiny appetite. I have also tried their baklava - now, I adore baklava and wanted this to be superb. They have sheets and sheet of various nut flavors - and you need to be careful to get one off a fresh sheet. If you get the end of a sheet, its frankly been around a little too long and lost its texture. I want to give them 3.5 stars. But until that option appears, I'll round up. The gyros are worth 4 stars regardless of the rest, and it is called Gyro Plus after all.
What a great place to grab some grub. It's a restaurant/grocery, but whenever i go, I rarely see anything on their shelves. I come for the food. The gyro sandwich is so good here. I usually get the combo which comes with fries and drink for around $10. If you've never had gyro before, I believe it's lamb and beef, and it is good. It comes wrapped in pita bread with lettuce, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce (which is a creamy kind of sauce). The fries are real good and so are the shakes. Whenever i get fries, i always get some cucumber sauce to go with it. They've got baklava which is a flaky pastry filled with whatever you order (pistachio, almond, walnut, etc) and usually glazed with honey. It's pretty good. Great place to grab lunch. It's not too far a walk from campus. They also have hookah here for around $10 for you fans out there. Food is good. Service is ok and location is good. Worth a visit.
The gyro sandwich is great here, and the gyro plate, and the falafel plate. These all travel well as "to go," so you don't have to sit in the place, which is not much to look at. But IF you order the french fries, you SHOULD eat them right there on the spot, because otherwise you will miss out on their pure wonderfulness! One other thing -- the hummus is TO DIE FOR. Forget all the things called "hummus" at Publix and Ward's -- this is the stuff. I always order an 8 oz. container to go.
Overall this place is a really nice lunch spot, or quick dinner place. It deserves four stars because it's not trying to be anything, and the food is dynamite. If I'm downtown with a group wondering where to get food, this place always comes up no matter who I'm with. The good: The food here is fantastic. I suggest the beef gyro (not traditional lamb, but I can live with it) because overall it's a really solid and delicious meal. The vegetables are very fresh tasting and the huge portions on this beast really keep me coming back. The tzatziki provides just the right amount of tang to the gyro, also keeping it moist and delicious. Meat isn't overdone, and the all the veggies are cut to order, and if they aren't they're not sitting out for very long. Believe the hype about the fries, when they're fresh they're incredible. They're salty, crispy, tiny little potatoey goodness, the perfect french fry that fast food ruined forever. Also, I'm a fan of the variety of seating, outdoor seating on University Blvd is really nice.   The bad: No re-fills. It's just kind of awkward for the south. The decor also looks like the national championship team for the gators decorated the place, so it's an awkward mix of classic football frenzied Americana with Middle Eastern take out place, but that's Gainesville for you. The Baba Ghannouj, also, was a little and out of place with way to much garlic. It was also very runny. Not a good experience. I've only had it once however, so it possibly could've just been an off day. Parking is a little awkward, but if I really cared about that I would have to knock a star off of every restaurant near the college.
Current Health Inspection: 3 @ Risk and 3 Critical violations. This business is old and out dated. It desperately needs a renovation. That said, this is by far the best inexpensive Middle Eastern food I have ever had (next to NYC). I have had several items from their very extensive menu. The gyro is fantastic w/ a heaping helping of meat on the pita and a good amount of cucumber sauce.  One pita sandwich is enough to be a dinner. I've also mainly enjoyed the grape leaf sandwich. Sure, I've had stuffed grape leaves many times. But to make a sandwich out of it??? Fantastic mix of explosive tastes going off in your mouth! You can eat inside, outside or take home. The staff of 2 is always friendly. Opa!!!
I've been eating here a couple times a month for a while now. I usually get the greek salads (which are totally awesome), but everything else I've had has been great as well. And for some reason, they have some of the best unsweet tea around. Haven't tried any of the desserts, but they look good. Only gripes are the charge for beverage refills (although a lot of times they don't even charge) and I wish they opened up their other store on S. 13th (which is walking distance from my work). But neither are that big of a deal.
Order and pay at the counter. The menu is on a large sign. They give you a number for your order. We have never waited long. The staff is decent. You can dine in or outside. You clean up your own table. You can't go wrong with the Gyro, Fry and drink combo here! Order some Hummus or Baba Gonoush to start. It's delicious! They have several types of homemade Baklavah and it's always good and fresh. The trays are displayed behind glass so you can get a good look at the selection. Downside - parking is scarce at times because of the location. The bathrooms need some help. The decor is blah. But the food makes up for all that.
I have gotten takeout from here twice and it's just OK, bordering on 2 star though. Their falafel is OK, but the lady at the farmers market/UF hillel is much much better. Their pita bread is good as is their baklava. I've had better hummus. The main part that I dislike is the atmosphere while waiting for your food. It smells like old grease in there and the restaurant seems a little on the dirty side. It might not be, but the interior could be updated a little bit.
I miss Gyro Plus a good amount. I try to go there whenever I spend time in Gainesville. The veggie kibbie makes me cry, and those are probably the best fries in the city. I especially miss the impenetrably stoic owner and employees. It was like ordering from a Bresson film. And I appreciate that. I'm there to get a spinach pie, not be smiled at. I tip them every time.
The fries *are* the best in town, but that is only because they fry them as ordered. Falafel is so-so. Veggie Kibbeh is a much better choice. They will charge your debit card extra just for using it.
This place has really legit falafel. It's on the pricy side but that's because you get a portion you'll never be able to finish in one sitting. Their french fries are awesome. Nothing fancy or special necessarily but they know how to do the classic fry just right.
I discovered this place as an undergrad and loved the pistachio baklava - to die for. the sack of fries- I wish someone in Miami made them like this and delicious gyros. It was a nice change from the usual burgers,pizza, taco college life- one of Gainesville's little, but wellknown, establishments.
Everything I've had here is great. The pitas are soft and fresh made, the hummus, grape leaves; all excellent. Price is a little bit high, but it's worth it for the amount of food you get. Grape leaf platter for the win! Don't skip dessert the baklava is absolutely delicious. You'll find more parking in the back
5 Stars for their hummus! Gyros and falafel are okay but worth only about 3 stars; in short: get the hummus! Their hours are a bit erratic though.
Grew up in a Middle Eastern household and their falafel and hummus is mediocre at best. Most indie Gainesville gringos can't tell the difference I guess. The sandwiches came on laffa bread (larger pita w/o pocket) with lettuce and tomato. Pretty inauthentic. My favorite part of a good falafel sandwich is the chopped tomato, cucumber, and onion salad, the zatar or paprika spices, the richness of the tahini or babaganoush, some haloumi cheese even. None of that here :( The people who staff the place aren't particularly friendly either.
Delicious Greek/Mediterranean food with fresh ingredients and home-style flavor. So yummy. Lots of vegan options and very affordable. Home-made baklava may change your life. Walking distance from UF. Sells interesting novelty items such as hookahs(occasionally?) as well as a variable selection of imported Greek canned and dried goods.
I've only had the greek salad and number 7 (falafel and hummus sandwich) but both are absolutely fantastic. Best falafel in Florida for sure, and the french fries here might just be the best ever. No matter what you get, you'll never leave hungry. Portions are definitely favorable.
Everything I've had here is great. The pitas are soft and fresh made, the hummus, grape leaves; all excellent. Price is a little bit high, but it's worth it for the amount of food you get. Grape leaf platter for the win! Don't skip dessert the baklava is absolutely delicious. You'll find more parking in the back
5 Stars for their hummus! Gyros and falafel are okay but worth only about 3 stars; in short: get the hummus! Their hours are a bit erratic though.
Grew up in a Middle Eastern household and their falafel and hummus is mediocre at best. Most indie Gainesville gringos can't tell the difference I guess. The sandwiches came on laffa bread (larger pita w/o pocket) with lettuce and tomato. Pretty inauthentic. My favorite part of a good falafel sandwich is the chopped tomato, cucumber, and onion salad, the zatar or paprika spices, the richness of the tahini or babaganoush, some haloumi cheese even. None of that here :( The people who staff the place aren't particularly friendly either.
Delicious Greek/Mediterranean food with fresh ingredients and home-style flavor. So yummy. Lots of vegan options and very affordable. Home-made baklava may change your life. Walking distance from UF. Sells interesting novelty items such as hookahs(occasionally?) as well as a variable selection of imported Greek canned and dried goods.
I've only had the greek salad and number 7 (falafel and hummus sandwich) but both are absolutely fantastic. Best falafel in Florida for sure, and the french fries here might just be the best ever. No matter what you get, you'll never leave hungry. Portions are definitely favorable.
This is the lousiest gyro I have ever had. Would never order from them again. It tastes bad!!!! Also they tacked on 8 dollars in all sorts of fees when it was supposed to be free delivery! Save ur hard earned money and go somewhere else!!!
I've been to Gyro Plus twice and loved it both times... for different reasons. I think everyone should go at least once. The first time was with Steve C. I got a gyro, Coke, and fries. It took forever to get out of the kitchen, but it was wonderful. Then I got a cashew baklava and turkish coffee--simply scrumptious. I was a little intimidated by the coffee, though. It's boiled in a small pot right in the water and not filtered. But, the grind is so fine that it either settles into a sludge on the bottom or stays suspended and provides a velvety texture. It had sugar in it, even though I ordered it unsweet--however, I did say I wanted it to be "just like Turkey". (This might have been a major faux pas on my part. Gyros are Greek, mainly, and Turks and Greeks aren't too happy to be mistaken for the other). Either way, it was good. The second time I went to Gyro Plus was for lunch with Steve C. and Aaron Z. Appearantly Steve and I had forgotten about the long wait to get the food. We joined at the end of a long line to order and there wasn't an open table inside. I think it may have been 45 minutes between ordering and eating--I lost track of time because I was enjoying a table full of male Arab students, three of whom were dressed in traditional Saudi/Jordanian garb (long white tunic and checkered red cloth on the head). After a few minutes, I noticed another table on the other side of the place full of lady Arab students, some more traditionally dressed than others. That scenario is a great testament to the authenticity of Gyro Plus. Oh, and the gyro was good, too.
Gyro's Plus is *THE* place in Gainesville to get Gyro's.  The store is run by a Lebanese family - although I am not specifically sure whether Gyro's are a traditional Lebanese food.   Not only are the sandwiches good, but the French fries (also not a traditional French food) seem to be coated in some sort of cocaine derivative ( traditionally a  Columbian spice)  -  or MSG .. but probably cocaine.  The fries are amazing for some reason.    After finishing off a delicious gyro, and  the crack fries, you'll go into what  Gryo's Plus aficionados call the "Zatziki Zsiesta."  You will literally be in a food trance coma  - so please be warned: Do not eat at Gyro's Plus for lunch if you have a boring training session, or lecture to attend afterwards.  You will fall asleep.  You've been warned.
They saw me coming from a mile away. The food was great. We stopped in just passing through looking for a place to grab a quick lunch.  no surprise being so close to the University that they had so many vegetarian options. I had a hard time choosing but I finally did. The gent taking my order was pleasant enough (so would I be knowing that there was a newbie who would pay any price in front of me.) The food was great. I ordered a falafel platter (with all the accoutrements recommended by my friend behind the counter.) Somehow, even with the reasonably attractive pricing, we ended up spending $30 for 2 people at lunch. Sure, we had large portions and no way we could finish it all. I'm not a big fan of baklava but my friend ordered it, insisted I try it, and I regret that I did - it was that good. The presentation was decent, the service ok, the food quite good, was delivered to us quickly (we ate in.) The ambiance...well, frankly, you don't go there for that. you go for the food. Will I go back? yes. I'm more aware now.
Love their falafel. I haven't had anything else, but everyone I've ever gone with raves about their meals, which have ranged from Gyro to filled pita.
Visited the other day as it was recommended by a friend for having really good gyros.  Well they were tasty but a lack of food for the money. The gyro was only half full.  They were light on the meat and heavy on the lettuce.  Normal the cucumber sauce comes on the side all other places I have tried.  This time it was put on for you and it must be treated like gold because there was so little of it that it was disappointing.  It came with fries and at least they were fresh and hot. It seems they could do more for the amount they charge for a simple gyro. The place is out dated and in need of a complete overhaul.  Kind of dingy and unkept.
MMMMM. Yummy gyro and AMAZING fries. Four stars instead of five because I hear I'm being ripped off... and constantly coaxed by their location and bright yellow sign. :)
I love this place!  I go here all the time.  The food is amazing, they have nice outdoor seating.
pretty darn tasty... gyro plate is good, nothing extraordinary flavor wise but fries are the bomb! turkish coffee delicious. got a hummus to go and ate it on the way back down from a ftball game. finished it in about 10 min. fanfreakintastic!!so smooth and creamy... they have lots of other specialities like falafels and baba ganoush and desserts, baklavas of all flavors which are so sweet and delightful. the decor is basically non existent but that's ok. the stoic middle eastern folks behind the counter r ok but they r very attentive to your order. hard to find nowadays
Believe it or not, this place is serving up some of the best Middle Eastern food in the country. The twin owners are surly, and the staff never seem happy, but the food is to die for.
I eat here a lot.  It's pretty dependable.     Falafel hummus sandwich is good.   Veggie "kibbie" sandwich is pretty good.    Banana strawberry applejuice smoothie is good but I wish it wasn't $4. You can park in the back.
I crave the fries and the chicken gyro to this day. Excellent food, although I found they were closed most times I wanted to go. :(
Service is slow and the food is over-priced and sub-par.  We went there for lunch and, even though the place was NOT busy, we still waited close to 25 minutes for our food (two sandwich combos).  No one was in a rush to fill our order and no one gave an explanation or apology for the slow service.  (This is NOT the place to go on a lunch hour!)  The food was also way over priced.  A sandwich with fries and a drink (with no free refills) was $12 - and definitely not worth it given that the meat was dry, the sauce was bland and the fries were only decent.  Save your money and time and go somewhere else.
Oddly enough, a source of maybe the best fries in town. Nice varieties of baklava, great falafel, kibbie and meat gyros. Open till 10 every night and there are always ppl in there, for good reason.
Good Mediterranean value: The area that I come from (Tarpon Springs FL) has some of this best Greek food in the US. This place gives good Greek at a good value. It also encompasses general Mediterranean foods. Good value, quick enough service for lunch.
They're French fries do rock.....they are the best! Along with their combos, filling and light on the pocket-book
Best Middle Eastern place in Gainesville in my opinion. Excellent food, huge portions, excellent Turkish coffee, and amazing deserts. This place is only a few minutes from UF and has both excellent food and is very well run. They use a number system with PA to alert you when your food is ready. Never a very long wait. The food and the service are both better here than they are at Falafel King, although I still frequent both.
I have never had a bad meal here.  The hummus is so good. We always buy extra to take home. Try the spinach pie, too.  Delicious!
Sadly, I was disappointed. For what we paid for a meal for 2, I expected amazing but it was just okay. The meat gyro, while rather large, was rather bland. The hummus was pretty good, as was the pita. The Greek salad was unlike any Greek salad I've ever seen and was heavy on some sort of sprouts and green peppers. It too was just okay.  Irritatingly, we were overcharged - the prices are on a white board behind the register so if they've changed it would have been easy to update. We had to sneak a peek at the receipt because they don't give you one, so you don't know you've been had until you've already paid. The ladies' room is seriously grungy.  My experience wasn't good enough to return or to recommend it to others.
This place is AWESOME. The food tastes fresh and amazing. The people are nice, the food is great and it's not too expensive. The baklavas are to die for. The place looks a bit sketchy, but once you go more than once you fall in love. I honestly don't see anyone giving this place less than 3 star. It's just great.
The food at Gyro Plus is top notch!  From the pita to the gyro meat.  They take real pride in preparing quality dishes and everyone that works there offers great service!
Quality gyros and some of the best fries in town. I would definitely recommend it.
Best gyro ever. Period.
One of my favorite places to eat in Gainesville.  The falafel hummus sandwiches are incredible!  If you ask, they will give you hot sauce to pour on them and it is very good.  The grape leaf wraps are the best I've had anywhere and I have moved A LOT.  They are lemony enough and they pour dressing over them that is so good I usually end up drinking it out of the bottom of the container when I'm done or pouring it on my sandwich even though it is already dripping with dressing and hot sauce.  Yum!  There are a couple of reasons I didn't give it 5 stars but none of them have to do with the food.  Iit is not very nice looking on the inside.  Also, you usually have to wait awhile for your order.  But, that is understandable since it is family run and usually packed.  And, it can be kind of hard to park.  You can park on the street which is hard because it is a busy area or you can park far away and walk.  There is a Subway parking lot next door and anyone who parks there gets towed right away.
It is pricey, but the food quality is not very good.  I prefer Felafel King much better,  They use way too much lemon salt in all their dishes.  I feel like the salt is going to give me a heart attack every time I eat here.  Their combo special is misleadig on their menu board.  You think your making your meal a combo by paying an extra dollar but in reality it is $4.  Fries alone at this place is $3 and it is not very good.  Not sure why it gets such good reviews.
The falafel sandwiches here have me hooked. Best I've had in town. Service and decor isn't particularly inviting but they get your food done right and without too much of a wait. Delicious! Definitely a fan and will come back here again.
Fist of all: BEST FRENCH FRIES IN TOWN, BAR NONE! I don't know how they do it but they do. Everything (seriously everything) else is good too. Solid 4 stars.
