Our experience here was fabulous. The chips and salsa were free, and the salsa was the best I've had in Gainesville. The chips were fresh and warm. Delicious! We ordered an appetizer of chicken flautas. I highly recommend this item. The pulled chicken was definitely the best I have had at any Mexican restaurant before. The pico, guac, and sour cream were excellent too. I had chicken fajitas and my husband had steak burritos. We were thoroughly impressed with the presentation and high quality of our food. It was delicious!!! Price is great for what you get!!! The service gets a 5 stars as well. Excellent service! Clean restaurant, friendly staff working, excellent food. What more could you ask for!
Very average Mexican food, I would say it may be more Tex-Mex than really Mexican. I thought it was weird that they would not substitute enchiladas in the platter (two chicken instead of cheese). We were also charged extra for more tortillas to go with my fajita platter (they only gave three small size corn tortillas). I also was not a fan of their salsa. It's an okay place to eat, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
I grabbed some pick up from here after a long day at work.  I hadn't eaten all day and I was completely ecstatic about the food I ordered! I got the appetizer  portion of the flautas.  It's a corn tortilla stuffed with shredded meat and deep fried- amazingly delicious!! It came with a side of pico de gallo- and let me say that this is the BEST pico de gallo I have EVER tasted!   Highly recommended- I can't wait to go back!
Definitely not the best Mexican. I was surprised at the tomato sauce that came on everything. It tasted like spaghetti sauce out of a jar - not good! On the plus side, the place is large, clean and the service was fast.
Chips and salsa were good. Service was friendly. Only complaint is that yhe shredded chicken was a bit dry. Chimichanga was good. Bref taco was good, but nothing over the top about it.
As odd as I find it, Mexican and tex-mex restaurants are surprisingly prevalent in Gainesville.  This being the case, what I come to expect from one I frequent are a) decent prices, b) fresh ingredients, and c) speed of service.  Overall, I can attest to Blue Agave holding its own so far and I look forward to going back. The Space: Blue Agave moved into a location already primed for the Mexican experience (the old Los Margaritas location).  The decor was festive and the space seemed ample for a fair amount of business, though I should mention when I went they were practically empty save for a large birthday party.  Plenty of color, a 3-sided bar with numerous TVs, and that glossy wooden booth look you would see almost identically in any other place. The Food: NOTICE TO READER: I do not know about you, but the staple of complimentary chips and salsa matters to me.  Despite what I read before coming here, these items were average given the abundance of places that also offer chips and salsa.  Though there are add-ons like guacamole or queso, I have been to restaurants with C&S so solid the add-ons are not even tempting.  C+ I will also briefly comment on the standard refried beans and rice sides: the beans were solid and the rice had a unique taste I almost found sweet, as if they had been cooked amongst corn and carrots (odd, but appealing). For my actual meal I decided to go with the "Tacos de Alambre" (soft tacos with chorizo, bacon, onions, cilantro and shredded cheese), only I swapped the primary protein to steak instead of chicken. In a word: fantastic.  The tacos were loaded with meat, the bacon was crispy and warm from being freshly prepared, the steak tender and flavorful...and the fresh onion and cilantro were superbly impactful on the otherwise heaviness of greasy foods.  The plate came with a couple wedges of lime, which I used... ...but the real treat was the side item they simply referred to as "hot sauce" on the menu: a tasty, spicy, salsa-like blend with what I suspect to be habanero peppers as the supplier of warmth.  It was so good and tastefully hot that, should I return soon, I would insist on using IT as the salsa to my chips over the typical table salsa.  If you enjoy spice, ask about it. The Service: I will refrain from being too opinionated on this category for two reasons: 1) They were practically dead and 2) My waiter was working his first shift when serving us.  It could have been better and also much worse, but I had enough water at any given time and the chips were filled in a timely manner. Final Thoughts: Blue Agave is pretty far for me and in an area of town I do not go to frequently.  The flavor of those tacos when paired with that delicious "hot sauce" salsa were, hands down, enough to have me go back for something else.  Prices are reasonable in comparison to similar establishments you can find throughout town, but I wish the free chips were not so average.
I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could. The food was pretty good except for a couple of mishaps. The place is in a nice location, the restaurant is rather large and spacious inside. The menu offers a large range of Mexican dishes from chimichangas, tacos, fajitas, salads, different Mexican entrees and some desserts. The prices are reasonable at $10-14 for a large entree. I ordered the chicken fajitas which came with a sizzling plate. Along with a large portion of fajitas, the food came with Mexican rice, beans, guacamole, pico de gallo and tortillas. This was pretty good but the food needed a little more seasoning. The chimichanga was good according to my husband. The portion was huge and he really liked the flavor. The downfall was the dessert. We were told the churros were not made in house. You could tell when they brought them out. The flavor was not so bad but they were very hard and kind of cardboard-y. Overall, the food was a bit better than ok. It just needed a few little tweaks but sometimes it's the little things that make a difference.
No. This is bad Mexican food. The margaritas were good though. We got a botana, which is an appetizer sampler here and it was cold and flavorless. And not a botana at all. Quesadilla was ok...but just ok that I didn't even bother with the leftovers. Sad.
Best Mexican restaurant in town hands down! Food always tasteful and hot! Service is friendly. Get the steak tacos wonderful .
Granted we picked up a to-go order on a Sunday evening during a drive from Atlanta to Tampa, but the food was delicious! I had the Baja (beef) tacos with rice and beans. Chips and salsa included and everything was super fresh!
So good! The chips and salsa is amazing and the queso isn't that water down cheese stuff everyone else has. Everything we ordered was so good and fresh. Will for sure be a repeat!
Quickly becoming my favorite mexican venue in town.  In my three visits, food always served hot and very tasty.  Good combination of Americanized Tex-Mex type of entrees with some more classical mexican fare.  This is a good thing The emphasis with this place is definitely on the food.  The "Muy Grande" is like their big sampler entree as it had a taco, burrito, relleno plus one other item that escapes me.  All items are good representatives of the style.  While I normally gloss over the sides in mexican restaurants, both the rice and beans were good and I ate every bite. Vegetables seem fresh, guacamole is average (but it could just have been the batch of avocados), and the pico de gallo was nicely seasoned and had that cilantro taste I enjoy.  One thing is the pico I have ordered in my visits has always been later in the evening, and it has been just a little soggy, but well within tolerances.  The complimentary chips and salsa are on par with better quality mexican restaurants in town. The service is the biggest knock against this place, and the reason it's only getting 4 stars..  I have sat down in the bar for two of my visits (I like a more "cantina" vibe if I am going to do mexican) and it has been a mistake.  Both times there was no dedicated bartender.  You have to wait on your server to cycle on over to you after he is done with his tables.  On my last visit the male waiter seemed kind of perturbed that we were asking for cocktails, extra napkins, side of jalapenos, as I guess we were away from his dining room section.  This comment should not reflect on the hostess who was gracious. Drink knowledge is poor.  (Even La Nopalera has a better repertoire of mixing skills, and it rates quite low.)  I expected more types of tequila, and didn't spot Grand Manier to make a premium margarita.  The house margarita was only slightly better than the average house margarita these days.  Beer is cold served in frozen mugs. Other remarks:  Men's room pretty clean, restaurant and bar pretty clean, parking competitive due to all the nearby restaurants.  Prices very reasonable and portions large.  Food not overly spiced, but salty just like every other mexican restaurant.  There are some flat screen TVs in the bar area, but I remember them being low quality with screen aspect problems.  This would otherwise be a fantastic place to watch a game.  Nice murals, decor.  In addition to the Muy Grande, do the Dos Amigos for a superior fajita-like dish.  Could definitely do with more feisty chiquitas on the wait staff :)
In our opinion, this is the best Mexican restaurant in town. The food is fresh, not the typical plate of overly salty, greasy slop you get in so many of the other places. Service is fast & friendly. Salsa is very good, especially for a cilantro fan.
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at Blue Agave. They have great salsa(a very important part of Mexican cuisine in my eyes!) and great guacamole. I also loved the burritos and tacos. The margarita was One of the best I've ever had and the bartender is very friendly and knowledgable. Great service as well!
I've been here twice now & I am very pleased. The salsa & chips sold me from the get go--one of those deals where you keep having to remind yourself not to eat too much or you won't be able to eat your actual meal. The menu was perfect: not so long that it was overwhelming, but rather has a fair selection of several different dishes, including authentic style soups & salads along with the traditional Mexican options. I'm a huge fan of cilantro & avocados, & this place definitely can cater to that love.
Shortly before Christmas we came here on a Saturday night and I was very surprised how empty the place was. The restaurant is located in the old Las Margaritas location and near several other restaurants. The food was wonderful! My husband had a typical combination dinner where he got one of everything (tamales, tacos, enchiladas, tostada, beans, and rice), and everything was delicious. I ordered their Tacos al Carbon (corn tortillas filled with chopped steak and served with cilantro, onions, hot sauce), and they were packed with flavor. Their margaritas were stiff and my son was really happy with his quesadilla (even though I thought it should have been a little larger). As an added bonus, they brought out goldfish for my 9 month old - very thoughtful and she was delighted. We will definitely be back!
Average, at best. I'd definitely try one of the other Mexican restaurants in the area before coming back here. Tostada and salsa were pretty solid but the chimichanga and burrito were below average.
Went in for a late lunch with my wife and couldn't believe how horrible it was after all the good reviews I've read. The service was great and the margaritas are decent that's why I'm giving this place a 2. But I've had better food at Taco Bell.
The food at Blue Agave Mexican Restaurant was absolutely fabulous! I had the house speciality: Pollo a la Parrilla. The chicken was perfectly prepared. A ton of food for the price. My daughter had the chicken from the kids menu which she loved. The chips and salsa as appetizer were by far the best salsa I have ever tasted. We went on a Tuesday evening and saw lots of families. The service was excellent too.
Outstanding food!!!  Best Mexican food in Gainesville. Large portions at low prices. Old Las Margaritas location got a better restaurant. The Muy Grande plate is fabulous. Pork Verde unlike any other dish made in Gainesville. Tomatillo sauce terrific! House margaritas on the rocks better than frozen. Sopapillas just like those made in New Mexico. Great dessert!
Blue Agave is the best Mexican restaurant ever they have fast service and I've had several dishes there and I haven't found one yet that I didn't like however my favorite thing to eat there is the supreme nachos.
Take-out expeirience - grabbed take-out and thoroughly enjoyed the portion size and tasteful quesadillas, black beans & rice, and burritos. Awesome, flavorful sauces - our burrito had a creamed spinach sauce, light, and tasteful. Our quesadilla had  a chipotle cheese sauce inside, mm mm! Bold taste in the quesadilla. Highly recommended. The salsa tastes fresh; almost smoking flavored. Again, flavor! Because we ordered take-out I cannot comment on the service or decor/atmosphere. Would definitely go here again, prices were great - 2 burritos, 2 quesadillas, chips and salsa was $20, plenty for two.
I had a very good experience at lunch the other day. I ordered steak tacos, which were very tasty, with plenty of onion and cilantro. The chips and salsa were good, and I have no complaints.
I love blue agave such a different kind of Mexican food and the flavors are awesome!!!  Plus the margaritas are good as well!
We've been here three times and have yet to be displeased. The food is really great. House margaritas are good and reasonably priced. We like the pollo chipotle, the chicken poblano enchiladas and the chile rellenos. The refried beans are a LOT better than la fiesta which we also love.
Very seldom do I have Mexican food and come away really please with it. Blue Agave is really good food and the price is very reasonable. The chili rellenos are incredible, and the beef in their burritos mild flavored and not the least bit greasy. I've found my new favorite Mexican restaurant.
Everything on their menu is fresh and delicious! The service is quick and hospitable. From the fresh salsa and chips to the fresh margaritas you just can't find this anywhere!
in my opinion, should be rated just above average, 3.1 or 3.25 stars. positives: quantity of food, chips and salsa, atmosphere/spacious restaurant neutrals: quality of food, price, service nothing blew me out of the water with this restaurant. it is in most aspects average mexican food. quantity was very good, two adult meals could have feed three people. we had to ask for refills of soft drinks and chips and salsa. it was a very relaxed spacious, not busy atmosphere. quality of our food was quite middle of the road. with lots of choices in that area, i won't be busting down the doors to get back in there.
