Had the pork tenderloin there....AMAZING Great, attentive service....
Great pork tenderloin with apricot sauce a d really good mashed potatoes.  Very tasty. Good happy hour nice ambient setting.
Food tasted ok is the only reason this isn't 1 star. Got 2 Caprese salads and a Greek salad with 3 sodas for lunch. $48. For the price I expected amazing food. What I got was soggy tomatoes and burnt flatbread. Far from impressed. Wouldn't visit a second time.
Very fresh seafood that made our mouths water. Excellent service in a strip mall out of Birmingham. Mildly hard to find but well worth it. Get the fresh fish you won't regret it
Had been to this restaurant two years ago and the food was great. Tonight it was not up to par. The pork was very tough and dry. It was obvious that we were celebrating a birthday and nothing was done to celebrate, no offer of a piece of cake or anything. Waiter had to constantly be asked for utensils when forks were cleared by the busboy. Not impressed and will probably not go back.
We are so lucky to have such a fantastic resturant like Opus in Punta Gorda.
Having read the reviews, I went to Opus with a chip on my shoulder. Small portions, pricey, in attentive service, etc.  True? To an extent, but the food was so extraordinary those criticisms were in inconsequential. The pate was simply the best I've had maybe the best anyone has ever had! The lamb was cooked to perfection and accompanied with a rich, velvety sauce. The restaurant was busy with a couple of large parties but that didn't stop Matthew from attentive and courteous service. I had a California Cabernet with the lamb that enhanced the tastes of both...and the pour was quite generous.
I have been to the restaurant several times since it opened - lunch and dinner. Each time was a treat!  The food is to die for; the burger; ceviche, the dinner specials  - The chef is wonderful The bartenders are creative; and very attentive - in fact they created a martini for me!  I named it the Dellatini !
The food and the service were very good .
Nice atmosphere, but wasn't really wow'ed by the food -- at least not for the price. Service also seemed a bit slower than I would normally expect, for as few people were there at the time.
Three of us had lunch at Opus today. Yolanda seated and served us Baja Fish Tacos, and Ahi Tuna sandwich, and the Opus Club Sandwich.   The latter two came with salad or fries, and we ordered salad. The food was outstanding as was Yolanda's service. There was plenty of food, and we left very satisfied. The atmosphere is wonderful.   There was country music playing quietly in the background and the nearly empty (we were there well after 1pm) restaurant was quiet, allowing for easy conversation. We'll definitely return.
Ate here for Christmas Eve dinner, having made reservations earlier. The food was excellent, very fresh, & cooked superbly to your order. But the portions are extremely small, & extremely expensive. The ambiance is beautiful, with contempory abstract artwork on the walls that feeds my eyes' need for beautiful fabric collages. Maybe luncheon, on a less festive holiday, will have me leaving BOTH visually, AND gastronomically sated.
We came here because of the good reviews and the 2-for1 summer dinner deal, but it was disappointing.  The restaurant was nearly empty, aside from the raucous crowd at the bar, who seemed to be teasing the underage and inexperienced new bartender.  Cocktails (expensive, average-tasting) took forever to come, likely as a result.  Crab cakes were so loose and wet that you practically needed to eat them with a spoon; when I gave this feedback to the server, he returned with a message from the chef that they were so full of fresh crab, they had to be that loose.  Um, no--that's not how the physics of crab cakes works.  Beef burgundy was only average.  Would certainly not pay full price (26-28) for these meals, especially with River City down the street.
Service was good. Server was very friendly but didn't get bread until we asked for i. I had the special which was very good. My husband had the scallops which were excellent.
I've been to burns, smith and lewinsky, capital grill... The steak that this amazing place served me, my friends, and mom for my birthday was on the same level, if not beyond! The Carpaccio was amazing, the Bouillabaisse was amazing... the bone-in meat was exactly what I needed on my birthday!!!
Absolutely awesome food!  We were on our way home from Orlando and decided to stop in Punta Gorda for dinner and 'happened' upon Opus.  The Crab Bisque, Chilean Sea Bass, Pork Spring Rolls and Filet Mignon were all wonderful.  Chef James is very personable and extremely inventive.  As the menu appears to change frequently, we can't wait to go back!  One thing that will hopefully reappear is the Lemon Basil Alioli---mmm!
Wow!  A true local treasure.  We dined there last night and every dish at our table of 4 was outstanding.  We took advantage of the $20 off of the large plate menu and would have given the money back given the quality of our meals.  Our server was attentive, personable and knowledgable.  I had the duck breast two other had the local grouper And the forth had the scallops.  All were fantastic.  We will go back.
great service and food very pleasant surprise would recommend it best food was the crab bisque, pork tenderloin, and the grouper was birthday dinner for 13
My wife and I tried their prime rib special. It was wonderful. The experience was great from start to finish.  Our waitress was prompt and attentive. The bread with olive oil and other spices was a good appetizer and the main meal was worth it. Background music of light jazz added to our enjoyment. Prime ribs served with baked potatoes and fresh green beans were spiced well. Only one mild complaint, which kept me from rating the experience as a 5....we asked for our prime ribs as medium and they were served rare.  Will certainly give this restaurant a second try!
Love it!  I was at Opus on Friday night and had a blast.  Was out again in Punta Gorda on Saturday night and thought I'd try another downtown establishment.  So I went to Trabue and River City Grill - ended up walking out of both because over 10 minutes passed without anyone coming to our table after being seated - Huge FAIL.  Ended up back at Opus - Great food, Great Staff, Great Atmosphere - A Punta Gorda Gem
Had a wonderful dinner here tonight! Crab Bisque and Fried Goat Cheese to start with. Tuna, thick, seared on the outside and rare in the middle, perfect! The Chilean Sea Bass was sublime, cooked perfectly! Will come here again.
By far, the best restaurant in the area.  Best ambiance, service and menu.  I had the filet mignon which can sometimes be a boring choice and instead it was a truly inspired dish.  Each component was exceptional and the blend was delicious.  I have not had a better dish (and I am definitely a fussy foodie).  Additionally, the presentation was beautiful.  I also have to compliment the well-trained, efficient, pleasant staff.  They really are an important part in the enjoyment of the meal.  I have returned several times and will continue to patronize this restaurant.  This is not to say that one might find the occasional item on the menu that might be a miss not a hit.   The pear tart was so-so and the shrimp salad was disappointing.  For the most part, however, the dishes were great (I went with companions and shared other dishes and they were excellent).  PS for a little nosh, get the southern spring rolls.
Those of us who live in the Punta Gorda area were excited about the prospect of another gourmet restaurant downtown. Unfortunately, Opus has failed to live up to that promise. On a recent Friday evening, my wife and I were joined by two other couples for a birthday celebration. Although we had not made a reservation, when we arrived @ 7:00 P.M. We were pleasantly surprised to find that they could seat us immediately. This should have set off alarm bells, as things went downhill in a hurry. Our drink orders were taken quickly, but after 20 minutes we were still without libations. When I inquired about this, I was told that the bartender was "new" and didn't know where the wine was kept. Are you kidding? I was then informed that the bottle of Chardonnay that I ordered, ( one of only three on the wine list ) was unavailable. After selecting another bottle, the waiter arrived and promptly opened our bottle and a bottle ordered by our friends, without showing either of us the bottles. OK, no big deal, but just another in a steady series of mis-steps. Since we had ordered a white, I asked the waiter to place our bottle in a cooler, but was told that the restaurant "only had two" and they were both in use. Again, are you kidding me? Eventually we ordered our meals, and after apologizing profusely, our waiter promised that he would make sure the rest of the evening went smoothly...not to be. Once again, an inordinate amount of time elapsed before our appetizers finally arrived, by which time most of our wine was gone. No one in our group wanted to risk ordering more wine. I must say that the food, once it came, was very good, especially the roasted Brussels sprouts and the black grouper. Alas, the final straw was our waiter informing us that a mandatory 20% gratuity is added to all parties of six or more, even though our waiter took three separate orders, and each of us paid separately. Do yourself a favor...if you are looking for a fine dining experience in downtown Punta Gorda, head for the Perfect Caper.
Very relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff. Definitely a step up in dinning compared to most restaurants in the area. Started off with the "Crab Bisque" with aged sherry and blue crab. Followed with there "Heirloom Tomato and Halumi Salad" very lite, fresh, and the citronette dressing really completes it. My waitress "Michele" brought me a sample of the "Roasted Beets" so simple yet perfection. "Sweet Chili Gulf Shrimp" fresh, plump, juicy and the sweet chili sauce is amazing. Now to bring  my dinner experience to an end i've chosen the "Caramel Cheesecake With Oreo Crust" might I add absolutely delectable, beautiful presentation, and not store bought, and a shot of espresso. After ordering desert the waitress brought me yet another sample of there signature "Mussels" defiantly a must have on future visits. Now to sum it all up the head chef "Jeff" came to the table to see how everything was.. Absolute great experience.
