You want an authentic pub with an American flair, here's your place.  Awesome beer selections.
Solid four star experience at ice house pub - lots of room, breezy laid back patio, $6 20 oz craft beer pours, simple menu with quality ingredients and attentive staff. The entrance is a little tricky in that it is behind the building off 41 but once you make the turn off the hwy there is plenty of parking and a welcoming patio. The inside is darkly lot for my taste so we enjoyed our lunch menu selections on the patio with some delicious local craft beer selections. They had beer on tap from Tampa, Punta Gorda and St. Pete - this sealed the 4 star deal for me.   I would like for them to extend the offering to include my fav, FMBC, some of sarasota's breweries and more from Lee and Collier counties.
I used to come here with my family and friends a lot back in high school, and we were big fans of the place. It's a really nice atmosphere that reflects the English pub style well. It's especially fun when there are big sports matches (the World Cup was a blast there). They also have games to occupy yourself with when waiting for food, like darts, pool, and foosball. Probably the best part is the bar, They have a wide selection of domestic and imported beers to choose from. I'm personally a big fan of Belgian beers, but it's always nice to try something different. If they run out of the beer you like, they always have another brand that can replace it well. With the positives though, there are downsides as well. Several years ago they used to give large portions for very good prices, but the quantity has decreased a lot and prices have gone up a bit. I used to get the steak sandwich with fries, and it's like they shrunk that down and cut the number of fries. For its price now, it's not really worth it. Based on my recent experience also, the waitress had an attitude with my parents and I; compared to previous visits, this one was pretty bad. Overall, I'd say check out the Ice House for the pub experience. It's a great place to grab a beer and hang out with company. Perhaps I will check it out again the next time I'm back from Gainesville and see if my recent experience was just for that one time.
Excellent watering hole to take a out of town guest to visit. Located in the heart of Punta Gorda in an old historical building.
Sorry for the three stars, but we waited for what seemed to be forever( more like an hour) for our food. I give the waitress credit because she did say the kitchen was backed up. Also don't brings kids unless you make a reservation for a standard height table. All the tables inside are counter height and a child in a child seat simply can't reach their food. On the positive side, the food is tasty, the portions are large and the price is fair. Beer drinkers will love the selection.
I LOVE this place.  Anytime we go across the bridge to Punta Gorda, The Ice House is mandatory.  Any beer you can imagine (except Magic Hat, but I'm from Vermont.  You have more of a chance to see a Unicorn walking down Kings Highway than to find a place that sells Magic Hat in a restaurant in FL), delicious food (I highly recommend the Bangers & Mash, and fried pickles), super friendly waitstaff, and an amazing ambiance.  It always has a friendly atmosphere that can't be beat.
Largest beer selection in town. Awesome atmosphere, friendly staff. Darts and English style bar games in the back. Be prepared to spend come dough on the beer - no specials. Food is better than what you could ask for.
Took the recommendation of a coworker to check out this bar/pub.  Cool old building, but only beer & wine.  The fried pickles were recommended as was the fish & chips.  Wife ordered those and I got a very good cheeseburger. Pickles were good, fish was very large and good tasting, but the fry's were over cooked. With so many places in Punta Gorda with a much better view and food, why would we go here again? No reason.
Decor, atmosphere, food, drinks-all perfect! The grilled fish-n-chips was delicious, and the FIFA fun made it memorable. You can't go wrong here!
Love this place. Been here several times, wait staff always friendly and service quick. Staff is very knowledgable on food & drink selections.  Bar area is fine up very nice.  Fruit & cheese plate along with fried artichokes are a fantastic starter.
AWESOME........Great selection of beer is obvious with a unique location & decor. The food was great. We started out with wings & they were as good as Acme Bar in Buffalo NY (home of the org wing) crispy outside & juicy inside. The burger speaks for itself AWESOME. And we took Cottage Pie home which was five stars. We found the place on yelp as we were visiting on vacation, than GF had a resturant.com deal. Buying a vacation home in the area and look forward to being a regular. Oh Rachel our waitress, what a great personality & very attentive to our needs!
Although we each ordered the 1/2 pound burger, our waitress recommended we split one. Great recommendation and one of the juiciest and tasty burgers we've had in a long time. Also had the beer sampler which was is recommended since they have so many choices. Thanks to the burger recommendation we split the chocolate cake. Try it!  Super. Next time we'll try the wings and split the burger again.
Had the burger. Awesome! Meat was cooked just right, bun slightly grilled. Perfect! Wife had a buffalo chkn sandwich and was happy with it. Plenty of beer choices. My only complaints was a lack of TVs. Thought it was a sports pub not an Irish/ English pub and the glaring lack of  close parking. They do hv parking across the road but when we arrived it was pouring rain for 2 days! Very dark with a smattering a lights.  I was expecting something else so maybe im critical but do know this : its worth the stop.
I went here one Friday night. They were busy that night, however the customer service was pretty bad. I couldn't find a host to be seated, and when I ordered my drink from the bartender she looked at me like I insulted her. Maybe it was just a bad night for them. But the atmosphere was great and I will give them another shot one day.
Having just moved to Englewood, FL from Denver, CO the ice house pub was a great find for my husband and I.  Being quite used to a brewery or pub on every corner that has both great food and beer we had been seriously craving just what the icehouse pub serves up and they did not disappoint.  We would highly recommend the icehouse pubs fish and chips, bangers and mash and bread pudding.
My only complaint is that most of the women in here look a little worse for wear.  I know that comment is going to annoy a few people, but c'mon... Beer is beerlicious. Cool building too!
This place rocks, plain and simple. Friendly staff. Awesome selection of beers. Awesome pub food. Free wireless. Dark, quiet corners so I can do my thing. Make sure to get the honey hot wings. They aren't really hot at all but man are they friggin good. And the chips and gravy are out of this world. Erm... Just looking back through this review and realizing the phrase "Dark, quiet corners so I can do my thing" makes it sound like I am eating raw kittens or doing something incredible perverted. I meant it's a good place to work on a laptop.
Best craft beer place in swfl!  Bar staff is friendly and the older bar tenders are very knowledgable. The younger ones aren't as knowledgable. This place tries their best to get different varieties of beers in.  Beer and wine only. Wings are great ( honey hot ) flavor.
The Ice House Pub was a very unique dining experience in Punta Gorda. The historic charm and character is enough for me to want to return. It was also refreshing to find a younger crowd in Punta Gorda. As for the food, it was good. We started with the honey hot wings and they were fantastic. For an entrée I got the fish and chips and my boyfriend got the bangers and mashed. Both were cold and my fish was kind of soggy. It was disappointing because we started out so strongly with the wings! The good thing is we both knew that we could come back and have an excellent meal if we order something different. Service was ok. We will definitely be returning  when we visit Punta Gorda again!
We had a really good burger and a couple pints of craft beer here during lunch.  The selection of beer was excellent as was the service.  It is a little hard to find, but worth the effort.
We loved the atmosphere!! Our waitress Meghan was absolutely awesome and made our experience there that much better! It was very clean and the food was great! My husband and our friend said the fish was excellent.  We have went back once already and plan to go back again before we leave!
A nice pub that I make sure to visit when I'm in town.  A good on-tap selection of beers that changes reglarly giving great variety year-round.  Another big draw is free-to-play ,high-quality dart boards and other traditional pub games.     The food isn't bad either. Fish and Chips leave a bit to be desired but you really can't go wrong with a cheeseburger here.    Also, if you ever make it there on an off-night, the bartenders are friendly and more than willing to have friendly conversation with you and your friends.
Fun place to be! Went to the Ice House Pub for the first time tonight with another couple who had been before. It has a lively bar scene and also had a duo (violin & guitar) performing who were quite good. We started with the chicken wing and onion ring appetizers. The wings were OK, and the rings were very good. My wife had bangers & mash and I had the chicken pot pie - both quite good. Will definitely go again before we head north in a couple of weeks.
We love it here! I know many people come to Florida looking for bright sunshine while enjoying their meals but the atmosphere here is well worth the "Ice House" feel. Great location for an amazing selection of beer, live music, amazing food and great "games". It's a perfect night out with friends enjoying great beer and shooting darts. Be sure to ask about any new beer they have available in both bottle and on draft. Keep in mind it is only beer and wine here. The food is great, we have never been disappointed with a meal here. The service is always friendly especially behind the bar, sometimes the servers at the tables get a little behind. I 100% recommend giving this place a shot.
We got recommended to this place through a friend. So we decided to stop by for a Sunday lunch. It wasn't that busy so we sat at the outside bar. We were not greeted for almost 8 minutes until we asked if this bar was even open and they said someone would be right with us. The server got our drink order and left a few minutes later a new server came out with our draft beers and proceeded to tell us she would be right back to get our order. After another ten minutes of waiting to place our order and 3 or more employees seeing us sitting there with the tell tale signs of being ready to order we finally placed our order for cheese sticks and a steak sandwich. Cheese sticks were good and the food came out quick. Next the steak sandwich and fries. I'm pretty sure the chef does not use seasoning on anything, very bland! We never were asked how we were doing and if the food was ok. I alerted the server that our vinegar had fruit flies in it and she replaced it with a new one. Not happy with service here and we felt very unwelcome. We will never be back even if it's the only place open.
This has become my new favorite west coast florida hang out spot. Built into what is most assuredly an old historic ice house - converted to English style pub with tons of character, dart boards, awesome taps to include san diego rarities that are hard to find in Florida. The food is awesome - Bangers and Mash / Shepherds Pie / Fried Pickles anyone ? Bread Pudding too :P Tons of dartboards and house darts. They also sell dart sets to the public on site and host dart tournaments. The only downside is prompt service. They need to work on the speed of service.
Excellent place .... Great selection of great ales and lagers fun atmosphere Good food Yes I recommend going there !
Awesome food and plenty of games to keep you entertained!
We wound up here after a dismal experience at Harpoon Harry's. I would like to thank Harry's. This place was a gem. Loved the interior space. The service was top notch and the food was delicious. A perfect lunch
Craft beer drinkers paradise.  Food, service, and atmosphere all top notch.  A great place for lunch/dinner/drinks!
Its the shiznittlebamsnipsnapslappity! every beer you could ever imagine. the servers are EXTREMELY knowledgeable about all the beers in their "bible" plus they have bangers and mash and Walkers Cajun squirrel flavored chips. And about twenty dart boards that you can play for free.
This place is great beer,good food (nice chef salad), ok service...
Great fish and chips. You can upgrade the chips to a very fresh salad or veggies.  Got the fish grilled.  Seasoning perfect on fish.
Really enjoyed this place.  The service was very good and the food great!  I had a steak sandwich and the bf had a burger.  Both were homemade and fresh to order.  I would recommend coming here and will definitely be back.
Love this place. Atmosphere is great. They have a great beer selection, although I don't drink beer. My hubbie had a black velvet which was really yummy, mixd beer and cider I believe. The fried pickles were yummy as were the fish and chips.
Great beer, even better shepherds pie, and a fantastic old English pub style.  There is a lot of room and is a great place to come with a large group.  There are pool tables and darts as well.
Great place to meet for drinks/ a game of darts and hanging out.  Good food/ beer on tap selection and full bar.
Excellent selection of brews, good food, nice environment.  Kudos also to our server, Athena, for cheerful and good service.  The only sour note was when her replacement failed to step up and take over at shift change. Overall, strongly recommended for beer and good pub grub. Oh, and free wifi, what more do I need?
One of the coolest pubs I've ever been to. I'll go out of my way to visit again.
Fish-n-chips are yummy! Had my fish blackened instead of the ordinary fried this time and I was pleasantly surprised! And in order to keep with the semi-healthy meal choice, had to settle for the low carb Mich-Ultra, which is extremely boring considering the "99 beers on the wall"!! Can get REALLY  busy, but I must say, I've always had service with a smile. Some better than others, but always with a smile.
My absolute favorite place to go after work. Great food, excellent service, amazing & ever changing selection of beer, plus a fantastic atmosphere with darts, snooker, foosball and more!
Had dinner here tonight with my wife and kids. You have to try the fried pickles, amazing. But everything we ordered was incredible. Our waitress Audrey was very attentive at all times and never missed a beat.The manager even took the time to show our kids how to play bar billiards. Don't pass this place up, you'll be sorry.
This is fabulous pub and is in a real icehouse...or at least it was a real icehouse at one time. If they don't have your beer, you don't need it, there is plenty to choose from on tap and they have darts galore. The chicken fingers are awesome as well.
Excellent atmosphere and the Bangers and Mash were awesome!! Second best I've had, only runner up to a little English Pub I went to in NYC!
Service sucked and when addressed with owner he defended server.
Ugh! Nothing worse than cold food & kitchen too busy to expect any re-do. Waitress handled it very well & took 1 meal off the bill. It was trivia night--manager was apparently too concerned about that to help wait staff with lines at door but empty tables. Maybe it was just a bad choice-wrong night, wrong place, wrong menu selection.
Cool place (pardon the pun).  Great atmosphere.  Friendly service.  Good selection of beer on tap.  Tasty food.  Family friendly.
