I finally found this place about two months ago, after trying numerous other nail salons in White Plains with very lackluster results. Either the actual paint job on my nails was not great, or it wasn't worth what I was being charged. I just happened to walk by the place and try it out. It is now my go-to nail salon in White Plains. First of all, the prices - it's literally only $20 for a gel manicure. I have not been able to get that price since gel polish first came out several years ago, and even then it was at a pretty dodgy salon. This one is new, clean from what I have seen, and they haven't raised the price from $20. Not only that, but you can pay AND tip on your card if you like. I never have cash and it's always a headache at other salons. Additionally, you can get a stamp card and get rewards after your 10th service. I have never had to wait (though I usually come in during the day, M-F so that might be a slower time.) I have had four different people do my nails - a younger Asian man, an older Asian man, and two youngish Hispanic ladies. The young Asian dude was phenomenal. Took his time and did such an amazing job. Everyone else was pretty good. Definitely $20 good! I'm sold.
This place is very hit or miss and, in my case, more miss than hit. I've been here several times and, like many nail salons, it depends on the technician you work with. However, my last experience here is the reason why I will never return. I only come in for French manicures, and the experience has varied each time I've been here. Once, my nails chipped in less than a week. Not a big deal, but also not ideal when you're getting your nails done by a salon that supposedly uses Essie polishes (emphasis on "supposedly"). Another time, the technician made white stripes on my French manicure that were all different sizes. The manicure looked decent for about 1.5 weeks, but it was a poor job. However, the last time I went is the reason why I will never be back. The technician clearly was inept. She was shaking as she did the white stripes on the manicure and wouldn't even apply the clear coat until after I sat under the nail dryer because she was "afraid" the white would smear. The white smeared regardless and she didn't fix it. On top of that, when I got home, I noticed that she missed polishing about 30% of each nail. In addition, one of my nails chipped in a day. I haven't been to any other salons in White Plains, but I won't be back to this place unless the others are worse. For $11 for a French manicure, it isn't bad, however it definitely isn't great.
It wasn't a bad service. I went here with my friends for prom stuff and it was pleasant. It wasn't the best mani/pedi I've had. The seem to be more specialized in gel manicures than regular. So if you want gel this is the place. Otherwise it's only eh.
Michelle, the owner, disregards appointments made in advance and is completely unapologetic and rude about it. The only reason I return is because of the excellent nail technicians.
Just got done getting a gel manicure. They were all very nice... It's pretty hot in there and smells kinda bad in there but for $25 gel mani you can't beat that. They did a nice job. All the tools were in the sanitizer machine and all seamed clean. Gave a little gift on the way out for the holidays. I'd come here again.
If you are anything like me, you expect meticulous nail care when you get a manicure...regardless the price. For 7 dollars, which is in the lower price range (I would say), I received an awesome manicure here. I've been here twice and two different girls have done my nails. They both have done such a great job shaping my nails. I am really happy with this hidden gem. You totally cannot beat the prices here and compared to a few other nail salons on Mamaroneck I have visited, this is a clear choice to return.
Just got my first pedicure of the season here. Looks very nice, we'll see how long it lasts. My nail tech seemed proficient and they accommodated my walk in quickly. Very reasonably priced as well!
I enjoyed my afternoon with a 30 min foot reflexology massage plus pedicure service in one of their modern very comfortable chairs. The environment is clean and peaceful with soft music. You must check it out for your self! The person I had was friendly and inviting. I can't wait to go again.
All I can say is, don't get a (brazilian) wax here. You'll regret it.
Excellent service didn't wait long to be attended to. It's so clean and has very nice decor. The owner is very hands on and they dont mind providing you with change for metered parking :)
Walked in for a pedicure and eye brow wax. Did not need an appointment either. I was seated right away and had an amazing pedicure.
I love this place! Prices are fair and the employes are very nice. Maria did a beautiful job on my French gel and she was so friendly. This is my new go to spot!!!
Has been my nail salon for the past year...every two weeks for a acrylic fill in because it's cleaner than most and USUALLY time efficient..with an appointment. So after learning the hard way, walking in and waiting 25 min, only to have them take an appt they "forgot" they had, I now make appts! PROBLEM?!....in the past couple of months they have messed up my appts. with the wrong time or all nail people busy when I've already an appt. Which I made so didn't have to wait 20 min. Nails ok...depending on who you get, BUT...customer service leaves something to be desired, so  I won't be giving them my $ any longer....sad & looking for a new nail salon
