We just came back from spending a full day with American Pro Divers and we still cant stop talking about what an amazing experience it was.  The shop is great, with a variety of merchandise.  We ended up buying a tshirt and a Tervis tumbler as souveniers.   We drove over from Orlando and it was a quick, painless drive( bring money for tolls).   We booked a crystal river snorkel trip with a Groupon and the additional Rainbow River snorkel trip.  The first trip left at 8:30 and there were 8 of us on the boat.  Mike looked around patientnly until he found us a mama and baby manatee.  Simply amazing.  We ended up haning with them for awhile and then he found us 2 more that we followed around.  For a long while, they were swimming between our legs and around us.  They were rolling around on the backs, wanting us to scratch them.  It was so incredible.   We stayed out until noon and then We went on the snorkel trip to Rainbow River.  We had our own private tour since no one else wanted to go.  It was a little rainy, but it cleared up.  The float down the river was serene, looking at fish, and these amazing fresh water springs.   I just kept looking around thinking " I cant believe we're doing this".  I couldnt believe no one else was out there.   Do yourself a favor and dont miss that part of the trip too, its worth it.  That part was 35.00, but you also have to pay 5.00 a person to go into the park.   The parking for the snorkel trip is also 5.00.    Also, if you're driving back to Orlando, dont go back to the dive shop after the rainbow river, it will add 18 miles to the trip
The staff was friendly. We only went there to rent 2 wetsuits for ~$14/each. This seems like a good place to take scuba classes. They have their own practice pool.
One of the best experiences I've ever had! Went for the Manatee snorkel, and King's Bay swim. The manatee's were beautiful, they swam around us and loved being pet they really are the sweetest beasts. The swim was just as beautiful, the bay had hot springs, clear waters, it was truly serene. Our guide was fun, informative and made this excursion great. Would recommend this to anyone!
What a great experience!!! Captain Cory took three of us on the short trip to Crystal River for a snorkeling adventure with the manatees. We met at the American Pro Diving Center to watch a mandatory video on swimming with manatees and get equipment. Equipment was top notch. Then we drove separately to a dock about 5-10 minutes away (parking at the dock was $5 a car). When we got on the boat Cory spotted a manatee within 5 minutes! He did say that was unusual, though - so don't expect such quick finds. Over the course of the next 90 minutes, we spotted two manatees and jumped out of the boat to say hi, snorkel next to them, touch their back, hear them munch away on grass, and see how awesome it is to be right next to one when it swims up to the top to get air. The water varied from cloudy to clear, but overall clear. We got some great video from Cory and the videographer - $40, but totally worth it. When planning this trip, take the time of year in account. We went in early July, where there were only a handful of manatees in Crystal River. But, it was awesome since there weren't that many tourists, so we got some quality one on one time with a couple manatees. Our guides told us that in Winter when the manatees come to Crystal River by the hundreds (how cool would that be!), there are more people and designated viewing areas and less one on one time. I highly recommend doing this experience at any time of year. I'm so glad I have this on video.
We had a blast swimming with the manatees and our guide, Mike, was informative and funny! We got to swim with a mama and a baby manatee and both of them were loving on our group and rolling around letting us rub their belly. The tour guide took a video of us with an underwater camera and burned copies of the trip for guests to buy, which included before and after pictures of the tour group.
I really enjoyed my time with American Pro Diving Center.  I did 7 scuba dives with them as well as a snorkel with the manatees.  APDC was really great though because of their fantastic people, their professionalism, and their organization. Unfortunately, I got a really nasty cold my first day in Crystal River - making me unable to scuba dive.  While I was able to still snorkel and dive shallow on the Rainbow River trip - all the dive masters were very understanding.  They actually let me reschedule the remainder of my dives for later in the week when I felt better.  This was the best choice because I was able to get all of my dives in and had a GREAT time. As a somewhat new scuba diver, I really enjoyed the very organized fashion of the dives. The dive leaders made sure everyone was comfortable and that we always knew what we were doing ahead of time.  I even felt comfortable enough to do my first night dive!  They were very easy to talk to and work with at all of the dives - Zach, Mike, Rich, Corey, & Quin. Ladies - request Zach - very easy on the eyes (nice bonus!).   Anyways - I would definitely suggest APDC to anyone diving or swimming with the manatees.  It has a great location in town and they have all the gear you could want to buy or rent.  Be sure to ask - their rental prices aren't listed. (I only rented tank, weights, and light) The only real complaint I have - is that their scuba dives are limited by time, not by air.  I left most dives with well over a half of a tank of air.  I get that they're trying to keep to a schedule, but I spent a hell of a lot of money on getting there that I felt like I could have had almost double the time underwater had we used air consumption to plan our dives.  Most dives were only 30-35 minutes.  Not a major dealbreaker - I still loved every minute I spent underwater - I just wanted a little more! Also - a HUGE plus is their dive packages.  Don't buy the dives and snorkels individually.  It was a huge deal to buy them as a package and it had great variety!
We chose this dive shop over the others thanks to Groupon. I am so so happy we ended up with these guys for our manatee snorkel. The dive shop is on the main drag of town and they have a large, very professional building. When we arrived, were fitted with wetsuits, fins, and snorkels and shown a short video on how to behave around manatees. We then made our way to the dock. We went on July 9th, which isn't the best time of year to try to see manatees. Our tourguide/captain/videographer, Eric, was amazing and didn't turn this into a problem. He patiently searched the water for signs of them. We first came to a mom and baby - Eric jumped in first and tried to see if the manatees wanted to hang out or if they wanted to be left alone. Unfortunately, the baby didn't want to play with us that day.  Eric hopped back in the boat and eventually found another manatee that was very calm and willing to put up with tourists. Having lived in the desert for 6 years now, I quickly realized that I am not as strong of a swimmer as I used to be. Throw in the fact that I have never used fins before and the water was too murky to see the bottom - I became a mess in the water. I did my best to get out to Eric and the manatee but after some poor swimming I asked if I could use a life vest. I know I'm ridiculous but I wanted to touch a manatee so bad, even if that meant looking like a fool. Handling myself much better with the life vest, I quickly got out to the manatee. He was about 10 feet long and was just munching away on sea grass while we touched his back. We swam with him for about a half hour and it was amazing. Eric did a great job filming as well, so we bought the DVD. It's a little pricey at $40, but it's a great keepsake. These things didn't bother us, but may for some people so i feel it's worth mentioning: Our wetsuits that they gave us were damp and cold - not a pleasant way to start off the morning. You have to drive from the dive shop to the dock yourself and there was a $5 parking charge. They do not provide towels and we didn't think to bring one. Make sure you bring towels and something to store your wet gear in for the drive back to the dive shop.  Also, don't be afraid to ask for a life vest if it will make you feel more comfortable. Everyone at the shop was very friendly and professional. I bet their dives are great as well.  Eric was patient with us and did a great job making sure everyone had a chance to swim with the manatee - I really cannot say enough nice things about him!  I definitely recommend American Pro Dive Center if you are heading to Crystal River to see the manatees.
We had an amazing snorkel experience with our captain Mike. We got to encounter several manatees. Mike went above and beyond to make our trip great. We have a 4 yr daughter who he towed around his back so she could see and touch the manatees. This made her so happy! We highly recommend American Pro and Mike!
My husband and I did the Homosassa River snorkel trip back in February. We had a guide named Mike (forgot his last name, and there's more than one Mike; oops.); Mike was great. He was funny. Most of our awesome experience was luck, but I'm going to give Mike credit. We lucked into a private trip because the other family that signed up to go on the same tour as us, never showed up. So we were on the boat alone, which was pretty nice. Mike had hot chocolate for us, so we could help ourselves since we didn't have to share. Then we got to the manatee spot, and there was one other tour boat there already with only one snorkeler in the water, and they were at the end of their tour. So we ended up alone with the manatees. The really good luck was that there was one super friendly manatee swimming around. We made a friend fast! She was fascinated by our wet suits, the video camera, my hair, Mike's hair... She got a little grabby. At one point she tried to push me into the manatee sanctuary, which is a big no no. So I had to gently direct us elsewhere. It was unbelievable to have an endangered animal that most people never see and don't know much about, trying to chew on my hair. Crazy! Now that was the lucky stuff. Here's why I chose American Pro, and why I'd go back. Their boats aren't completely open, they have plastic walls, so it blocks out some of the cold air when you are getting where you need to be. They video tape the experience for you, and you have the option to buy it after they show it to you at the end of the trip. My husband and I don't typically purchase those types of things, but we were alone on the trip, so the video was all us, and we'd had the most ridiculously cool experience. Then there was the aforementioned hot chocolate. Small, but very nice touch. Had a great experience!
At American Pro Diving Center I purchased a manatee swim, a dive, and a gift certificate. The swim was lovely (it wasn't until later I learned how often their boats injure manatees); the dive was fun but entirely unsafe: a cave dive with no safety checks. When I called to redeem the gift certificate...4 or 5 phonecalls and weeks later, the owner finally responded to say no, adding that I was stupid and, being from San Francisco, obviously "a cock-sucker". I suspect that the good reviews of this business are because it's genuinely wonderful to swim with manatees..and I strongly advice you to find someone else to organize the trip.
Manatee swim was great! Got close to a few & one came up and neatly kissed my daughter.
We went on a manatee adventure with a groupon here and it was a blast!  The staff is friendly, our guide (Mike I think) was awesome.   You can see manatees in Crystal River anytime of the year, but you have to be right on top of them during much of the year because they live in the river and the visibility is poor.  It's still amazing because you're looking in the water trying to see something when this huge beast comes up from the bottom.  And the guides seem to find them, which is an art form in itself. In the winter (Jan-March), there is a better chance of seeing them in the clear springs.  I'm going back at that time to take some underwater video of them. The whole experience was just great.  Pretty magnificent animals and enormous!
Captain Cory brought my girlfriend and I on an amazing adventure in Crystal River/Three Sisters Springs. We had an amazing time! We found one very friendly manatee, which did all he could to get petted--it was a truly unique experience. Cory took a professional video of us there and then took us to see the springs, where we found a turtle, fish and a lot of beautiful nature to interact with on our trip. This was so much fun! Cory was a great guide--he pointed out the wildlife and did an excellent job tracking down the manatees and helping us throughout the adventure. Would love to return in the winter when there are many more manatees to meet & greet. All of the staff at the diving center were professional, friendly and helpful! Thank you for the great time!
We did the Homosassa River snorkel trip on New Years. Our guide was Sean who was very nice, however he did seem a little put off to be working on New Years. The manatee experience was amazing. They are adorable and friendly...well as adorable as a two ton couch potato the sea gets. One of the manatees even wrapped it's little chubby arms around my brother's leg! American Pro Diving was one of the more expensive dive/snorkel shops, but Chris, the guy that answered the phone when I called, was friendly and answered all of my questions. Compared to the Crystal Dive Shop, the person that worked there was rude and impatient.
My daughter and I went to swim with Manatees at pro divers and it was such a memorable experience. Our guide Cory remembered everyones name in our tour within seconds, which made the tour more personable. He spotted a manatee within the first few minutes of us being in the water. He said it takes a while to spot them sometimes, so I would say we were lucky. We swam with a mommy manatee along with her baby and also had the opportunity to find another manatee to swim with during the tour.  You get right up next to them and even had the chance to rub one on their belly when they rolled over to play. My 11 year old daughter says it was the coolest thing she's ever done. I saw other tours out on the water and they didn't seem like they were having much luck finding any manatees to swim w and we got 3 to play with. I would say Cory had a calm eye for manatee spotting. I would recommend this tour to anyone.
Amazing experience! Instructor Chris M. made our day and was very courteous. Especially as my wife had trouble equalizing. Ski was pleasant and informative on the phone. Jenny was ok, if a little curt when we didn't have all of our chapters filled out in the book (Chris did a quick review for us.) We took the PADI Open Water Diver course and it was well worth the money. Watched the PADI video at home, read the books and did the quizzes. 3/4 of the first day in the pool learning skills and then our first dive in Hunter Springs to finish it off. The second day was all in Rainbow River and we were finished by 1pm. Great way to get certified at a very professional outfit. And we saw a Manatee! ...from shore (you can't scuba with them anyway, only snorkel.)
Visit the Rainbow - what a great dive!  Clearest water ever and world class dive.  Love the guys at American Pro  -- you'll have fun
My son and I did a Rainbow River dive trip.  The store did a nice job on pre-dive, staying organized, and staying on time.  Our Captain was great and he made sure we got to see all the cool things in the river.  He also did a nice job of keeping the group together and protecting us from other boat traffic.  I will be doing this trip again.  Its a real relaxing dive.  No stress, just drifting with the fishes.  This is an excellent junior diver trip.  It can also easily be snorkeled if you are not a C card holding diver.
We decided to try the manatee swim and a couple of dives our 2nd day of our vacation. Even though we had been out till 1am the night before at Halloween horror nights this was well worth the lack of sleep. The dive staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. Any time you are in Florida this is a must. I can't begin to describe how incredible it is when a baby manatee swims up to you to let you pet him. I also recommend the crystal river dive. My cousin and I had our 1 tank of air last for over an hour. Amazing visibility!!
Went on the 9:00am manatee tour to Homosassa. Quinn was a great captain- he was entertaining and made sure that everyone felt safe in the water and that we had the best experience possible. We saw a handful of manatees and it was timed nicely, that we arrived just as other boats left, and when we were leaving, there was a good number of people arriving. We had a full boat at 16 people, IMO, it would've been better with a smaller group- i would def recommend this place, but maybe ask for a private tour, or make sure that you will be going out with a smaller group.
I have done many dives all over the world and although my dive here was an easy one Sean made the trip great. He showed great respect for the manatees we were seeking out. The encounter was priceless. The cavern dive was my first and being a bit claustrophobic Sean took his time and let us all take our time getting in the cavern and explore.....Thanks again for a great time
Awesome shop! The people are fantastic and I highly recommend the Rainbow River dive, even if you only snorkel. The water is unbelievably clear. Cory was our captain and he was great. Highly recommend!
I wanted to share the quality of service that we received from a local dive shop while in Crystal River, Florida.  There are many dive shops to choose from in that area.  We should have read reviews first, but we noticed American Pro Diving Center while driving around so we chose them to do business with.  We needed a few things to make our dive vacation go smoothly, and we decided to buy some things instead of renting.  Of course being on vacation, we also bought plenty of souvenirs. At American Pro Diving Center, It took a longer than usual for them to help us but we understood as the shop was busy with customers.  They were booking dive classes and helping others, so our group of 9 people waited patiently to ask questions about certain wet suits, booties, masks and a dive vest for myself.  When it was our turn, we did not receive good customer service.  The sales reps were quick and seemed pre-occupied with other things.  Maybe I am just used to Texas hospitality. Between everyone in our group, we spent over $650 at American Pro Diving Center.  I personally bought a shorty wet suit and a hooded vest which totaled $175.  I did not wear the hooded vest, it was still brand new with tags and in the same bag it came in.  We went back the next day and asked for a refund since it was not used, and it did not fit properly.  The lady that "helped" us was not friendly at all.  She said the vest could not be returned for a refund, but that they could give a store credit.  We explained that we were on vacation and did not live nearby, therefore we would not be able to use the store credit anytime soon. Greg spoke to the manager on the phone, but the manager said the same thing and was not willing to do anything else.  He was very unhelpful and preferred to keep our money, rather than provide great customer service and earn a good review from us. Overall, I would not recommend this dive shop.  It was convenient for us at the time but the prices were high and the customer service was below average.  Instead, I would recommend Birds Underwater, which is about a mile away (birdsunderwater.com).
American Pro dive shop was the right choice for going swimming with Manatees. Quinn, our captain made sure respect for the manatees was a number 1 priority, then made sure we still had a fun, manatee filled adventure. Quinn was in the water with us the whole time video taping. We ended up getting the video it was so well done. I would recommend going here if you want to get up close and personal with some amazing wildlife in the water - while still being respectful to the manatees!
This was one of the most amazing experiences!  I love the manatees.  I can't wait to visit again.
Our experience with American Pro Diving Center was very positive.  We took advantage of their snorkeling with manatees offer.  It is very well organized and wonderfully guided event.  Deanna, our divemaster, was very thorough and attentive.  She brought us to the place on the river where we could spot manatees, explained safety details and etiquette.  She made sure that each and every one of us had a chance to see them.  Some were even lucky to touch the manatees, what was video recorded.  Before making our way back to the pier she served hot chocolate.  Back in the shop we bought the video, well worth it.  Thank you American Pro, we hope to visit you again.
Since I was a very young girl I loved visiting Snooty the Manatee at the South Florida Museum... every time I would see him ... I wanted to jump in and swim with him. I now live in Crystal River and I have had the opportunity to go out with several of the businesses that offer Manatee tours and diving. By far the facilities and experiences with American Pro have been the best. The facilities are very clean, the fleet of boats, and staff... are all top notch. I also wanted to learn to scuba dive... so over the past 2 1/2 years I have taken many Scuba classes, guided dive tours, and extra dive training. They offer the most guided tour locations. Their diving gear selection is the best in the area. Currently I am taking my Divemaster class with American Pro. If you want to snorkel with the Manatees or learn to scuba... American Pro is the PLACE!
We had such a great day doing the Crystal River manatee tour with our guide Zac.  He found a manatee for us and it let us pet and scratch it for about 30 minutes!  Zac was a great guide and was very knowledgable.  We returned in the afternoon for the jet ski tour and Zac was our guide again and it was so awesome! I recommend skipping the theme parks and spending the day at the Crystal River with American pro Diving.
These guys rock. Great dive center!  The swim with the Manatees was an informative and cool close encounter with these really amazing animals.  We did a drift dice with them as well....highly recommended!
We really enjoyed the tour--very kid friendly!  Saw a bunch of manatees ... well worth the drive from Tampa.
Awesome trip! We swam with the manatees and the tour guides were very informative! Loved the whole thing, I'd definitely go back again!
We did a 6:30am Manatee tour and the guide was professional, courteous and fun. Our adventure was filled with over 20 Manatees and we had an absolute blast. Our captain Quinn was respectful and knowledgeable of the area, Manatees and wildlife in general. I would definitely recommend this in the future to anyone looking to have a great time with wildlife.
Try to get on manatee tour with Captain Mike: he is awesome. The Homosassa River your is much better than the Crystal River tours. A juvenile manatee hugged several of us. (You heard me: hugged.)
I booked a manatee tour for my fiance and I for a 7:00am trip a week before we were to go out.  We were the only ones scheduled for this time slot, which should have been ok given that their policy is that they need to have a minimum of 2 people to go out.  I got a voice message the night before we were scheduled to go out saying that we were being bumped to the 8:30am trip that had 25 other people "because we couldn't find a boat captain."   We had purposely booked the 7am trip so that their wouldn't be lots of other people sloshing around the water scaring off the manatees.  Furthermore, they only contacted us the night before we were supposed to go out.  Third, given that for an entire week beforehand, we were the only 2 people scheduled for the 7am trip, I think it is highly likely that they just didn't feel like taking 2 people out, and so at the last minute they bumped us to the overcrowded 8:30 tour.   In my experience American Pro Diving is very unreliable/unprofessional and I would definitely recommend going elsewhere for your manatee tour.
I went with a Groupon on vacation, and I have to say I was pretty nervous; I had never snorkeled before.  When we arrived, we were given the whole deal: fins, wetsuits, snorkels, and we watched a video on proper behavior. We then loaded up and met at Pete's Pier.  There, we got on a boat with our tour guide, Quinn. By this time, I was freaking out.  We soon spotted a mother manatee with her baby! BABY MANATEE! SCORE! I wasn't nervous until we actually got in the water. Being the crappy swimmer I am, I kept a life-jacket under my arm the whole time. (Oh, I feel like I should mention that one thing I was nervous about was being blind--but my glasses fit into the mask, it was perfect.)    We swam until the baby noticed us and came over to play! It was really cool. He was curious and happy; his mom just ate the whole time, which was kind of funny. Anyway, we followed the baby around(he was about one month old), and he continued to nibble on fins and one girl's wetsuit, which was adorable.  Eventually, we loaded onto the boat and left. Back at the shop we watched the really lovely, well-taped video of our swim. It was great.    I really suggest bringing an underwater camera. I got lots of pictures of the manatees, and a few of me petting them, which are totally fantastic keepsakes.  In summary, the center was fantastic, our tour guide was fantastic, and the manatees were fantastic.  I guess you could say the entire experience was pretty freaking fantastic. :)
On day 2 of the two day dive training. Very positive experience - caring and knowledgeable faculty/staff. Eat breakfast at AJ's cafe down the street!
This place was great. friendly staff, really helpful.Tthey made a great video too. Our instructor Zack was super helpful and great with the kids.
The folks at American Pro Diving Center were very friendly and professional. We drove in from Orlando that morning for the 7:30 manatee snorkeling trip. The team was quick and efficient in getting our equipment together and getting us out on the water as quickly as possible. Mike was a fantastic guide and was able to get our group right up to the manatees within minutes of entering the water. He was also able to calm down a snorkeler who was on the verge of panic and made sure that everyone, even my four year old nephew who was quite scared, had a great experience. It was a super chilly morning - the air temp was only about 37 degrees! - but the hot chocolate was nice warm up once back on the boat! The whole morning was a lot of fun and an amazing trip! Thanks to all of those at the dive shop, especially Mike!
Ive been in florida for a week and went throught the everglades and took several tours but this was by far the best of the best.  It was a small group and we had a lot of time swimming and playing with the manatees.  It was one of the most memorable experiences and the staff was very nice and knew a lot about the area and the manatees.  It was an awsome experience.
My daughter and I very much enjoyed our Manatee Encounter Dive at Crystal River.  Our captain/guide, Zac, helped make it a great experience.  He was able to locate a great spot by the springs, where we found a mother manatee and her calf.  Zac did a good job of capturing our encounter on video. My daughter's career dream is to some day work with animals in the wild, and this adventure rekindled her interest in marine biology.  My only regret is that we did not get to stay longer and interact with the manatees.
My son and I had an awesome time with Captin Zac. The experience with the manatees was amazing. I am going to recommend this company to all my friends!
Our family had a great time doing the manatee tour. The staff was great and extremely helpful and making sure everyone was able to interact with the manatees.  We saw over 30 manatees and was a memorable experience.
We made 8:30am reservations ahead of time and when we arrived, checked in at the desk inside the store.  We were provided with wetsuits, flippers, and snorkel masks.  There are multiple restrooms that you can change in, or like us, you can change right in the middle of the store since we already had our bathing suits on.  Anyone who is going to swim with the manatees is required to watch a 10 minute video about manatees, as well as the laws that protect them.  You then drive down the street to the boat launch area and park in the parking lot, which costs $5, so bring cash.   Once you get there, everyone boards the boat and off you go.  We had an awesome captain, Cory, who was very knowledgeable about the area and manatees.  There are multiple locations that you can swim with the manatees, but the spot that we ended up staying at took only about 15 minutes to get to.  Once we got in the water, we followed Cory to an area where he thought we would find manatees.  It turned out that he is a manatee magnet.  It is such an experience to see these giant, friendly animals swimming right next to you.  You are able to touch them, and sometimes, they will even roll on their backs so that you can rub their bellies.  In addition to the manatees, you see a couple of different types of fish.  We stayed in the water for a little more than an hour, which was more than enough time to interact with several different manatees.  Like I said, once you get back on the boat and take off your wetsuit, it was really great to have a warm sweatshirt to wear.  And the bonus?  Cory had hot chocolate to share with everyone.  Yum!  Once you get back to the docks, you drive back over to the diving center to return your gear.   This was such an awesome experience.  Everyone we encountered at American Pro was very friendly and helpful.  I would definitely go back and do this again.  Crystal River is about an hour and a half away from Orlando, but this was totally worth the drive.   Some tips: Bring a jacket or sweatshirt to put on after you get out of the water, especially if it is cooler out.  We swam with the manatees when the weather was in the 60's and we definitely needed them.  Make sure to bring a towel or two on the boat with you for after your swim.  Also, buy an underwater camera to take pictures while swimming.  You will get some really cool pictures.  I don't know if flippers during the swim are required, but I would definitely forgo them next time.  I'm not used to swimming with them and I felt like they made it difficult to go any other direction than forward.   Lastly, between November and February it can get busy and crowded, so make your reservations for earlier in the morning.
Just completed the 2 day PADI open water certification here. Captain Phil was knowledgeable, patient, and funny. He was a great instructor and made our course a delight to take. I can't wait to chit the open water for more dives.
Very friendly and professional. We had a wonderful time and a large portion of that was our dive master/captain/guide Cory. Highly recommended.
Captain Cory took my family on a tour of the Crystal River and Three Sisters Springs in search of manatees. We found him fun, informative and very tolerant of my loquacious daughter's constant heckling. We recommend this tour to everybody. The groupon deal they currently offer includes the cost of all the gear.
Came here for the Manatee experience.  Initially we thought it was going to be a bust because there weren't many Manatees around.  But we all remained upbeat and were pretty lucky to get up close to a few.  Also the three springs we visited also was awesome.  The water was ridiculously clear and you could see all sorts of tropical freshwater fish, crabs, etc. The service itself was pretty top notch.  Equipment rentals were a breeze and overall it was a very enjoyable experience.  Definitely a little out of the way but if you're in the area, I highly recommend trying this out.  Loved the swim and getting to touch some Manatees was just icing on the cake!
My bf and I did the two day PADI Open water dive certification and couldn't have been happier! Both of us flew in from other states to take this b/c of the reviews we had seen and b/c we needed something in the time frame for our schedules.  We did the e-learning ahead of time.   The price/availability and instruction was fabulous! The equipment was all made available, and we never felt uncomfortable or rushed.  I had seen some reviews saying that "faster" sessions for certification could gloss over the important aspects of diving but we felt that we were well prepared and reviewed in both the pool and open water dive sessions.  I tend to get claustrophobic and I have contacts so I was a bit worried about the entire process, but Phil E was great and made sure he was aware of our concern points and accommodated accordingly. Couldn't be happier with the training and ease of the process with American Pro! Thanks!
