Fresh tasting authentic food at very affordable prices!  You can't miss here!
This place serves amazing burritos, the best ones that I have tasted by far. The prices are reasonable as well. Tacos and burritos here can be unexpectedly large for people
Not living in ROC anymore, and looking for a new favorite mexican place, I realized how much I miss this restaurant! Their tacos are crispy, their tostada's are crunchy and delicious, the place is clean, and the staff are always friendly. All of their food is great. I love it!
Really tasty nachos and that type of stuff. Drinks were good too. Reasonably priced but that was 2004.
The wait staff was very helpful being that it was my first time there. The jalapeno green hot sauce... AMAZING! The guacamole... not so amazing. Unless you like your guac with a lot of lime and not so fresh looking. But definitely order the chicken quesadilla!
Not bad but it could be better. I tried this place a number of times because I was craving a California-style burrito, and they are hard to come by in Rochester. Without fail, they were always cold in the middle--it did not seem to matter whether I ordered takeout or ate there. It's pretty disappointing.
The waiter was nice but the cold food meant he sort of had to be. When I said my food was frigid he started to say, moving to touch the food, "it shouldn...whoa!!" but never finished. It was stone cold and he didn't try to hide his reaction. They redid the entire order, which was nice, but even warm the food was just not that good. Beans on one taco had a grainy texture and excessive cumin taste from over seasoning. This was my second time there and the entire experience was just underwhelming. The guacamole looks like green toothpaste as does the salsa verde; sadly the taste matches the flavor. About as good as you'd make coming home at 1 am with an excess of confidence in your impaired cooking skills.
This is always my first stop when I visit Rochester. I don't eat much meat, and they have great vegetarian options. Their tofu burritos are excellent. Their portions are big and their prices are low. This is one of the reasons I really miss living in Rochester.
Best Mexican in Rochester. Try the plantains!
I've gone here quite a few times and I must say it is my favorite Mexican food. It's great for a vegetarian like me and the prices are great too! After a friend suggested it, John's was the first place the first place I ever tried salsa verde, I instantly became a fan ( although I honestly have no idea if it's their own special sauce or just some brand). I've ate in and done take-out and both times I've been happy. I think it's possible for them to fill up fast but every time I have seemed to evade the meal time rush. Food is great, the burritos are amazing and huge. In the words of a friend of mine "you should order the small burrito, and maybe you'll end up finishing it." The un-beef is good too, may be too spicy for a meek palette but great for the average person. Guac is great, chips are homemade, burritos are phenomenal. If you want a casual and local Tex-Mex place I'd definitely recommend John's to anybody.
Hipster science. Gay friendly. Great food. Cheap. Not a lot of space and tables.
Favorite Tex-Mex in the city. Cozy restaurant that is very affordable. Good beer selection. Awesome outdoor area that is small. The parking is not ideal but the food makes it worth it!
Good food, but a little on the greasy side.  I like Sol Burrito a lot more.
Fantastic fresh TexMex! Small but comfortable with great service. I think, no I know, that I have tried everything on the menu and have never been disappointed! This a local establishment in the South Wedge with John often behind the counter or in the kitchen. If you haven't given it a try, do so you won't be disappointed!
So, I would give the food 5 stars. I got the taco salad and it was absolutely amazing. One of the tastiest things I've ever eaten. My taco salad had beef chili, lots of cheese, a delicious chipotle sauce, beans, lettuce, sour cream, and red peppers. All of these wonderful things were served in a fresh fried taco shell. My only wish is that there had been a little more lettuce. Our waitress was extremely rude and inattentive. She never asked us if we wanted drinks, she would walk away from the table before we finished our sentences. It was like us being there was inconveniencing her...not okay. The other staff seemed very friendly. It was just that one lady. The price was right, the food was amazing-I'm really glad I decided to give this place a try.
While visiting from out of state, a number of friends here recommended John's Tex Mex to me. Being a lover of all things in the Mexican food genre I knew I had to go and see for myself what all the hubbub is about. First off I was charmed by the small size and big style of the place. I know a small space isn't optimal but in this case it felt a little more like a hole in the wall, local secret kinda vibe. The bright and fun decor only added to the charm! Also, on Tuesdays all beer is $2. What??? Beautiful. I could hear angels singing. So after ordering our drinks we also dove into a chips and salsa starter. It seemed like the chips were made in house and seasoned with a nice blend of spices (not overwhelming) without being too salty. But the salsa, oh the salsa. May be my favorite salsa in my life so far. It had a depth of flavor that you don't usually get, something just beyond your basic tomato, peppers, and heat kinda deal. One of my dining companions pondered if there was a hint of cumin in the salsa. I thought it was just divine. For my main meal I opted for an unbeef burrito bowl with black beans, rice, cheese, sour cream, lettuce, salsa, and onion. Yummmmm. I almost went with some guacamole but it was a dollar extra so I got creative. Anyway, the portions are just as big as everyone says they are! The bowl my food was served in had the diameter of a standard dinner plate and it was deep to boot. The burritos are plump bombs of tasty tex mex goodness. One of my companions ordered the smaller burrito option and she still had trouble finishing it! Leftovers were boxed all around. Four stars for being just so, so good. Would definitely visit again. One star left off because the service was adequate but not that friendly (not mean either though). A little aloof, but nothing to stop me from returning.
John's deserves more patronage than I witnessed this past saturday during lunch. Granted, I've been neglecting this place -I think out of some ill-founded fear that it would be way too hipstery to enjoy- but that fear was quickly assuaged when a super friendly guy at the front counter greeted me and took my order. He even brought the bag over to the table that I was waiting at, as I was too engrossed in reading the labels of all the ridiculously good beers that I procured over at Nathaniel square (same owner as John's) prior to stopping in for some lunch. I got a "small" pork burrito that felt like at least a half pound as well as a gigantic pile of toppings over a bed of tortilla chips that they call a Mexican plate, with unbeef (with the intention of sharing with my gf). Both were excellent with no skimping on ingredients that were clearly fresh. I think I initially underestimated the food load because I ate the whole burrito and the whole Mexican plate, followed by 7 hours of inactivity because I was so full. In hindsight, that could've been 3 meals, easily! So don't be fooled by their use of the word "small." Overall, a very welcomed additional to the now-thriving south wedge neighborhood. Go eat here, don't be tardy to the party like me.
Cheap, inexpensive and quick delivery. The regular burrito was gigantic, even the small burrito would have been plenty for dinner. We got the chips and salsa which was fresh tasting and even slightly spicy which was delicious. Our waitress showed up when she needed to and was absent the rest of the time so we could enjoy our meal. The restaurant was small on the inside but it was the best bang for your buck. We will be going back
Price level is well and so reasonable. Come here after a good search of yelp page. As it so closer to my house here and not been frustrated with their service. waiters are so friendly and sincere with the customers. Must back at the place.
Trendy little place in the city. Kind of crowded, tight atmosphere. The burritos are big, and tasty but the price is the same as a Chipotle or Moes. Chips with guacamole is $3.50 which is expensive considering they give you so many chips and a tiny cup of guac.
Hubby and I went there last night for the first time. It had a promising menu and great prices. Our brunette pixie-cut waitress was fantastic and the food came out very quickly. The chips were good and the salsa was very good. It tasted bright, fresh, and house made. There were two additional seemingly house-made sauces in squeeze bottles, both tasty. I'd say the green one was super awesome, borderline amazeballs. The otherwise cute & intimate brightly colored hole-in-the-wall ambiance was shattered by the horrible music they played. We changed tables and moved away from the speaker which helped some. It was a very angry garage punk band. And not a good one. We tried to ignore it but simply could not. It actually made us angry. And it made us pack up and leave much sooner that we otherwise would have. The food. Everything tasted like my painfully white stoner college roommate made it at 2:00 in the morning and forgot to add salt and seasoning to it. I had a small burrito with tofu (they were sadly out of the un-beef), rice, beans, corn, and jalapenos. It was huge, at least two meals worth, if I were to eat it. But the tofu was cold and the ingredients all put together were quite flavorless. The ingredients weren't spread out, either. All of the jalapenos were gathered together in a couple of bites. It's too bad, as it seemed like they probably use very good ingredients to start with but when they were put together it was a disappointing shrug of a meal. Hubby had a tofu taco, a tostada, and a cup of chili. The chili was good, and we took it home with us to finish away from the horrible music. The taco and tostada were both disappointing; fast food tortillas, cold flavorless tofu, and when he picked up the taco it dripped watery down his arm and all over the plate. A part of me wants to go back and try the un-beef and the Mexican Mush... But I don't think that part of me will win out.  Confused by all the positive reviews. Maybe all of their flavors can be found only in the meat??? Guess we'll never know...
Even though I volunteer at the Veterans Outreach at the other end of the block, today was my first visit probably influenced by it being Taco Tuesday. I ordered two   steak tacos and a chicken quesadilla for my wife and I to share for dinner.  The order was taken by a very friendly young waitress and was ready to go in under 10 minutes. Sill warm when I got home, the steak taco came first with lots of tasty meat and fixin's.  That left room for only one quarter of the CQ, which was nice and spicy and loaded with gooey cheese and shredded chicken. The small dining area is colorful, clean, and the air conditioning works well. The food met my expectations and deserves many return visits.
Great empanadas (veggie & meat), but only on Thursdays - be sure to call to see that they haven't run out (I shouldn't tell you about them, so that there are some left for me).   Lots of other tasty food at reasonable prices, with friendly folks working there.
John's is not Tex, and it's not Mex. It's more someone's concept of what Tex-Mex might be, if they had never been to Texas or Mexico, and maybe had just seen pictures of real Tex-Mex food on the internet. At best, it is a Southwest hybrid modified for a New York palate. So, why call yourself something you are not? Call it, "John's Southwest-esque Interpretation," but don't call it Tex-Mex. It's very misleading. In fact, if you look at their website, they make a point to tell you that the menu is NOT intended to be Tex-Mex! ¿Qué? My experience at John's didn't start off well. Parking is hassle, and the entrance (at least in the winter) is kind of hidden. You have to enter through a sliding side door through a little patio area. As I entered the restaurant and tried to close the door behind, someone working there yelled, "could you close the door?!" Yeah... I'm trying. Could you calm down? The restaurant has a cute vibe, but's it's tiny and the tables are bit cramped. The decorations are random, with black and white photos of cattle, and Mexican-like artwork that really doesn't have a coherent theme. Again, it feels like someone has seen images of Texas or Mexico, and tried to recreate it, without any real knowledge of the actual meaning behind the culture, art and/or images. Now to the food. They have Mexican Cokes on the menu, huge plus. However, chips and salsa aren't complimentary, so it's that kind of place (no real Tex-Mex restaurant charges for chips and salsa, it's like charging for bread and butter). The salsa is actually pretty good, and very fresh. Their guacamole on this visit was not. It had too many added spices (maybe a packaged mix?) and a bit of a brown color. Fresh guac should be bright green with minimal ingredients so that the avocado shines through as the star. The menu is mostly burritos and tacos. One item, called Mexican "Mush" sounded unappetizing and unauthentic (I've never heard of mush?). So I went with a chicken taco and a pork tostada. Unfortunately, my order of just two items was incorrect. I received two tacos (no tostada). They were also both cold, including the meat fillers. Beans and rice came served oddly layered in a cup, rather than separate on the side of the plate. The rice is not traditional Mexican/Spanish rice, but a heavily spiced version with a yellow color (maybe from the spices?). The refritos were flavored OK, but again I didn't like the beans layered together with the rice.   In general, the food at John's is over complicated, over spiced and underwhelming. Good Tex-Mex is really simple, with very few ingredients. It's a simple culture that historically only had access to the basics. The spices in most dishes shouldn't take over, they don't need to be cooked into the food at every layer, but rather added afterword with hot salsas, jalapenos, taco sauce, etc. I think John's tries too hard to be something it is obviously not.
Why do I love thee? 1) Super tasty burritos the size of small babies. The large probably weighs close to 3 lbs depending on your filling choices. Okay then, maybe they're the size of a preemie but preemies still qualify as small babies. Anyway, go ahead and order the large. You can eat the other half tomorrow. 2) Mashed potatoes and plantains. Love em. 3) Consistently great service and eats, including vegan/vegetarian options, from this locally owned business (I know, that's really 3 reasons right there, but they're great ones). Go ahead and check it out. Grab a menu from the jaws of the friendly painted skull (he won't bite), and find a seat or sit at the counter. The occupancy limit for this little local gem is 25 so that should tell you that it's cozy. You may notice a variety of eye-catching masks and maybe a voodoo doll or two. Have no fear. Before you know it, your burrito baby has been delivered and you are in for a real treat. Enjoy!
I went here the other night because I wanted fast, cheap, middle-of-the-road Mexican food. This place hit the spot. Although it looked packed when I walked in, I was able to be seated at a table within 10 minutes. The restaurant is small, and the ambiance is similar to a college town diner, but that was all fine with me. The food was good, arrived quickly, and came in large quantities. Exactly what I was looking for.
John's Tex-Mex is just right for me!  When you need inexpensive Mexican grub food in the Wedge, this is definitely the place to go.  They also do Sunday brunch which is really great too.  Their prices are good, and almost all of the dishes are extremely customizable, which is truly fantastic.  It's good for GF, Vegans, or Vegetarians and the food is really flavorful.  Even if the ingredients aren't always the highest quality, the spices and seasonings they use make it feel like it's of the highest quality.   Perfect for lunch any day of the week!  Their small burritos are amazing, even 1 will fill you up nice and full
Decided to go here because I wanted cheap Mexican food that was a step above Taco Bell - this place delivered. Patrons who go here should know what they're getting in to, and not have the notion that they're going here to get top tier Mexican food. That's not to say that John's Tex-Mex isn't good, because it is! I read a previous post that said the guacamole looked and tasted like it came out of a tube. Not true! Chunks of avocado and tomato could be seen throughout. The burritos are, indeed, the size of small children, and the meat is well seasoned. It is a small place, and the ambiance is hole-in-the-wall. But, hey, sometimes thats all you really want.
I don't love John's Tex Mex. I wanted to because I live in walking distance and I had heard good things but I think it's just not for me. I'm a firm believer that you have to give a restaurant more than one chance to really develop a useful opinion. So I visited John's about three times before deciding that I wouldn't be returning. The burritos are massive and difficult to eat and the flavor is just not pleasant enough to warrant making me sick for the rest of the day from over-eating. The Guac is what you usually get in the area. Over mashed and brownish with too much seasoning and not enough fresh ingredients. You can tell they make a huge batch with a food processor or something at like 10am and serve it all day. They do have a lot of vegetarian and vegan fake meat options which appeal to the hipster crowd. So if you want a tofu burrito, John's is probably your best (if not only) option. Also I will say, the mashed potatoes and plantains are pretty killer. The staff is aloof and seems more focused on looking cool than providing friendly, competent service. No one goes out of their way to make you feel welcome, they just sort of talk to each other. I would really only recommend this restaurant to someone if I knew they were a vegetarian or a vegan. Otherwise it's pretty on par with Moes or Chipotle.
Very good tex mex. It isn't Mexican, so don't expect that. The burritos are really good. The food comes quick and is good. It is really inexpensive. The Sunday brunches are really popular. Get the mimosa! They have a nice selection of hot sauce, too. Highly recommended!
A place I will NEVER turn down. I am obsessed with their food! Best quesadilla ever, best burritos and bowls ever! Chips and salsa are soooo good! In a strange little place in the swill burg neighborhood. Not my typical environment but for their food...who cares!
If you haven't heard yet, this place is the bee's knees! People in the know all rave about it. They make huge burritos, but you can pick a small burrito if you want. They have amazing specials on different days of the week, the Fish taco if you can get one is primo! They have really good chili, I get it every time with the mashed plantains. You cant go wrong with their sides. The dining area isn't huge, so if you like eating in the comfort of your own home you can always order pick up. Either way, go and enjoy! Then you can pretend like you knew about this place all along and tell your friends what their missing out on.
This place has a great menu with tofu and fake meat options. I went for brunch and many of the dishes had vegan options. I had a breakfast burrito bowl made vegan and sloppy (sausage gravy on top) and it was pretty good. It had hash browns in it and everything. They also bring your four sauces, two of which are home made, for the table. Mimosas are $3 and come in pineapple or orange mango, not just orange. We also had the Buffalo tofu strips starter and it was simple and delicious. Just fried tofu in a tasty sauce served in a bowl with no garnish. Would definitely recommend this place. At 12:30 on a Sunday it was full but not crowded.
I was not a big fan of John's Tex-Mex. This was the first time in a long time that I did not finish my meal, and I ALWAYS finish Mexican food. I ordered the small chicken burrito with black beans, salsa, and sour cream. The burrito was huge for it being a small - I can't imagine how big a regular sized burrito is. You're definitely getting a lot of bang for your buck, but it was incredibly bland. The chicken had no flavor to it and neither did the salsa. I was only able to get through 3/4 of it and then thought, "What's the point in finishing this? I'm already full." - Normally being full won't stop me. I also ordered a cup of the beef chili, which in my opinion had no flavor. Maybe I'm biased because my mom makes great chili, but this chili was just bad. I wanted to love this place. I am a huge fan of Mexican food and from other reviews I thought this would be a great option near the U of R, but you're better off with Chipotle.
The food here is great!  There is an awesome variety and they always have interesting specials.  It is laid back and a great place to hang out year round.  The outdoor patio in the summer is a great addition to the excellent food.
One of my favorite places in the South Wedge, and my favorite Mexican place is Rochester by far! I've loved everything I've tried on the menu, except the Mexican Mush which I found to be very bland on it's own. This place is a must go, but there is one very important thing to know and/or keep in mind when you're planning on John's for dinner. The seating area is very limited, even in the warmer months when the outdoor area is open. I went once in November, and ended up waiting in the general store next door for half an hour because there were no tables and there is no space to wait in the restaurant itself. The staff did come and let us know when our table was done, but it was still kind of a pain. Also, on top of the awesome food, John's uses recycled paper, biodegradable take out containers!
Love this place - always have!  Strayed from my usual choice of a burrito for the burrito in a bowl - fresh, delicious, and filling!  What a value every time! Mexican Mush and tecate, and I am a happy girl@
John's is winning me over, especially with their brunch. Go early before they run out of the best dishes. Most recently I enjoyed their brunch empanadas with chicken, feta, and spinach. They were out of most brunch sides so I opted for a regular offering of smashed potatoes and plantains. Perfect pair. For lunch or dinner I usually order the nachos and share with friends. Good local Tex-mex joint.
Get the mashed potatoes with plantains.
Truly delicious and very reasonably priced.  Come hungry, the burrito is the size of your head!  I had the pork but I also tried my friend's beef, both were great.
Good, but not spectacularly delicious. Servings are huge--good bang for the buck, yo. Seriously, I swear their burritos are the size of my left thigh. I don't dream of John's Tex-Mex; it's flavors don't haunt me. But if I'm ever craving some solid Southwestern food, John's satisfies. It's not excellent, but there's nothing wrong with them. It's really cheap too. I don't think I can physically finish a $10 meal from here. Plus the decor is charming and there's a fun mural with a eyeless burro, so that's something. The waiters are always friendly, there's a decent selection, the food is always good (not great). John's is definitely worth a try.
Finally knocked this one off my to-try list. Check out the photo I posted. It is of the giant-sized burrito that I enjoyed for $6.50. You have your choice of chicken, pork, beef, tofu or un-beef (not sure what that means). I went with the chicken. Then you have your choice of either black or refried beans. It comes stuffed with rice and then your choice of 4 fillers. I went with the lettuce, tomato, cheese and sour cream. Amazing but a little spicy. I think the chicken was cooked in hot sauce by default. The service = amazing. It's a small, fun looking place; less than a dozen tables. I received a friendly greeting upon entry and my server couldn't have been more attentive. The burrito was at my table in about the time it took for me to "check in" after placing my order. I only wish they had labeled the extra condiments brought to the table. That green bottle is not "some sort of guacamole," as I was sadly mistaken. It was some kind of insanely fiery, pepper sauce. But overall, very good experience. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area again.
This is the first time I've been to John's, and I enjoyed it!  I had a steak burrito (the special today was steak burritos and tacos, and I didn't see steak on the menu, so it's not a regular meat choice) with lettuce, tomato, corn, and roasted red pepper.  The steak was good, not overcooked and chewy, but it was a little on the bland side.  Te veggies were great; they were fresh and juicy and delicious!  However, I couldn't find any roasted red pepper.  My burrito was /giant/; I don't know if that's the norm, but I comfortably had one half boxed and I'll eat it later (places that don't charge an arm and a leg, and give you enough to get another meal out of it, get a big thumbs up from me). Also, John's is located on South Ave, near the South Wedge Colony Bar & Grill, Cheesy Eddie's, and other awesome, fun places!  So the neighborhood is colorful and unique and generally fun to walk around in, and the atmosphere at John's is also awesome; friendly waitstaff, fast service, and the sort of homey hole-in-the-wall feel that makes you want to stay for hours.  Of course, when I went there were almost no other customers, so it could change, but I enjoyed how comfortable the place felt. Overall, the prices are great and food is pretty good.  It isn't the best burrito I've had, but it was good and the fact that I walked there and it wasn't too expensive has me sold!  I don't think I would drive there from anywhere outside the city (maybe Brighton), but it's definitely going on my list of inexpensive and easy lunch/dinner options.
My friends are big fans of this place and have been coming here for years. I finally was able to give them a try the last time I was in town and I wasn't impressed. I had the spinach salad with their un-beef which I believe is just soy protein. The un-beef was seasoned and decent. However, everything else in my salad wasn't that great. They barely gave me any guacamole and the spinach was super wilted. You could tell that they let the hot toppings sit on the spinach way too long before serving it. Additionally, they forgot the dressing. The chips were decent. This seemed like a cool spot upon walking in. They had a good size menu. Prices were decent. Service was good and very friendly. Otherwise, it was blah.
John's Tex Mex is great! Friendly service with a fun decor. Now on to the food... It's so good! I've eaten here many times over the last few years, and the food is always fresh and well seasoned, and the portions are enormous (yay breakfast for tomorrow). The burritos are solid with numerous filler choices--it's really hard to go wrong here. My favorite by far is the taco with pork and black beans. This time around the black beans were better than ever and complemented the pork perfectly. The pork was also super tender and well seasoned. And to round it all off is a nice (though small) selection of craft & import beers. One final tip: Try the mashed potatoes & plantains! It is super addictive.
John's Tex Mex is a friendly eatery that serves huge portions of pretty darn decent food. Food:  Like many Tex Mex places, pretty much everything has cilantro in it -- but for once, it was subtle enough that I could still enjoy the rest of the burrito*.  I got a chicken burrito with corn, spinach, roasted red peppers, black beans, and cheese, and it was pretty good.  The spinach was a mistake -- it was cold amidst all the hot ingredients and detracted from the burrito.  Everything else was a good call, especially the corn.  But the ingredients could have been much more evenly distributed -- all the roasted red peppers were on the right, all the cheese was on the left -- so you couldn't get a bite that really blended all of it.  I was also stuffed a little less than halfway through -- this is a serious amount of food for $6. My husband had the (vegetarian) "mush" taco and is head-over-heels in love.  He said the burritos at Sol are better than John's, but he'll be back to John's for these mush tacos.  He's never had anything like it elsewhere. *if that gene that makes cilantro taste like soap exists, then I may have it. Atmosphere:  the interior is funky and fun, with somewhat random but definitely not overdone decor.  I love the tile-top counters and tables.  Very bright and friendly; not too intimate. Staff:  the guys who run the place are very nice.  Funny, friendly, and good at what they do.
I am a fan.... amazing. Just amazing I crave it
Best Mexican food in the area. Staff is polite and accommodating, and the food is healthy, tasty and good looking. The mexican plate is my favorite. Went there with a large group and had a great time. Went there with one person and had the same.
I arrived at John's Tex-Mex just the other day to see what the fuss is about. 100 reviews with a solid rating seemed like a good lure. I'm from Detroit and spent time in NYC, so I feel I'm justified in being able to spot good Mexican. First, the restaurant. Its got the feel of a college restaurant with shoddy paint and not so clean windows. The 'winter entrance' on the side of the restaurant through the patio kept blowing open and sending a chill through the restaurant. Kind of surprising that there isn't a way to keep the cold air out. In any case, I was greeted promptly by a server and sat at a table. I ordered chips and guacamole. The guacamole looked like it was squeezed from a tube, overly smooth with no hints of freshness (no chopped tomatoes, cilantro, onions, or chunks of fresh avocado). It was decidedly bland, very little in terms of seasoning. The same with the chips. They were passable and seemed to have a red powder...but no taste of cayenne from the powder. They were fresh and crisp, not salted, but again... no taste. I ordered a small burrito with chicken, red peppers, lettuce, and tomato. The ingredients tasted fresh, the burrito was about 3/4 pound size, and well assembled. It came the table quick as well. My major complaint is that the whole wasn't more than the sum of the parts, that is the taste wasn't much to enjoy. The chicken isn't seasoned well, the roasted red peppers have no kick, and though the lettuce and tomato are fresh, they don't add any contrast to the flavors inside. To sum up, the food and service is competent, the price is ok, the location shabby. But the taste isn't up to par with good Mexican. I'd have to say that I would pass before returning.
Excellent food, large portions, inexpensive. Love the Mexican Mush and their homemade hot sauce!
What is left to say that hasn't already been said? John's is my go-to tex mex spot in Rochester. The quality of food, price, and friendliness of staff are unbeatable. The menu is *extremely* vegetarian friendly- definitely try the veg chili! I could eat this stuff every day during the winter. Other favorites include their empanadas, fish tacos, mush, and mashed plantains. I wish I was obese only so I could eat all of these things in one sitting. Other classics such as guac and burritos are solid choices, but you can get those things anywhere... treat yo self and order something new. Also, their beer is CHEAP. Peak Organic IPA bottles for $3.50 and other assorted beers at $3 ish. Place gets crazy packed during peak hours and practically all the time in the summer, but come here once and you will see why. SO GOOD. AND SO AFFORDABLE.
Huge yummy burritos. Chocked full of homemade fillings. The salsa, guacamole and sauces are delicious. Hands down better than any burrito chain or local establishment.
This has been one of our favorite places to eat for years - and not just because it's on our street.   That being said, you'll have to hang on through my review to understand the whole 3-star thing.   John's has great food at great prices.  I have found delicious numerous vegetarian options and I am obsessed with the idea of a "guac for meat substitute".  Anything that has meat in it, you can throw some deliciously fresh guacamole in instead.  I'm totally into that.  I usually order the small burrito because it is by no means actually small and I usually take half of it home and toast it up the next day.  Go ahead and judge me for eating leftover burritos.  I don't care.   Just don't let it discredit my impeccable taste.  They also have corn tortillas for the gluten free crowd, and the tofu tacos are great, so boyfriend is consistently happy with his meals. I have always felt that John's was a very vegetarian friendly and safe environment, so I was really disappointed to find a sizable hunk of pork in my burrito one day.  Granted, it was the next day leftover burrito I mentioned earlier, so there really wasn't anything I could do about it since I was sitting in my kitchen at the time, but I have definitely been more apprehensive about going there since then.  I explained my concern to the server on my next visit and asked that they be more careful and he assured me that they would make a better effort.  He was not super apologetic (maybe he wasn't surprised?)  but he did say that they would work to keep things separate for me.   I am realistic when it comes to eating out and I know that my food often shares a common cook space with meat, but I had higher expectations for John's and I was squicked out to have accidentally eaten meat because of their carelessness.
Ah shit...I've only been here three weeks and now I'm going to piss off all of the Rochester Yelpers (good thing there aren't many). Here goes: My girlfriend and I visited Taco John's the first week we moved to Rochester. We wanted to see if anyone in Rochester could produce a burrito that was at least comparable to those made by our beloved Anna's and Tacos Lupita in Boston. John's seemed like a good choice, based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Yelp, so we gave it a shot. My first glance at the menu made me realize that I wasn't in Boston anymore and that this place was probably owned by a gringo. Nevertheless, we ordered, challenging Taco John to prove us wrong. I ordered a combo featuring a small burrito, fresca taco, and a side. Since Taco John's is Tex-Mex, and not Mexican, there were no carnitas, nor was there pollo, carne asada, lengua, el pastor, or chili verde. There was no horchata, cool glasses of Jamaica punch, Jarritos sodas, or Jumex juices. Therefore, I ordered a pork taco, a chicken burrito, a chili, and a Boylan black cherry soda. My girlfriend ordered a chicken quesadilla and we ordered chips, salsa, and guacamole to start. The chips and salsa were good. The chips seemed freshly fried and the salsa had a good amount of heat. The guac was a little too smooth for my liking, but okay. I couldn't tell if it was freshly made or factory made, but I wasn't disappointed by it. The refrescos were fine, but we had to ask twice for them and they arrived about five minutes after our dinners were brought to the table. The chili, on the other hand, did not come by the time our meals arrived. Consequently, I asked our waiter to put it in a to-go container, so I could eat it the next day. It actually turned out to be the best part of the meal. On to the entrees: I'm not claiming to be the Asian Rick Bayless or anything, but I don't know if any respectable Mexican would appreciate someone putting pulled pork on a flour tortilla with some shredded iceberg lettuce, shredded cheese, and some diced tomatoes and calling it a "taco fresca." Please, future restaurateurs planning to put tacos on your menus, PLEASE serve them in CORN tortillas with meat, cilantro, maybe some pico, and a squeeze of lime. No Iceberg Lettuce. No Beefsteak Tomatoes. Despite my bitching, I ate my Texas Taco and moved on to the burrito. In my ongoing research of Mission-style burritos, I came across a passage in a San Francisco newspaper that, to paraphrase, said when eating the perfect burrito, each bite should contain every single component of that burrito working in harmony to create something ethereal. For example, if you ordered a burrito with, say, carnitas, black beans, rice, jalapeños, pico, and guacamole, the first and last bite should contain each and every one of those ingredients. My first bite of my Taco John's chicken burrito featured a mouthful of unseasoned black beans and a stale flour tortilla. I would like to say the experience improved as I got further down the burrito, but the hamburger-shaped vessel eventually exposed dry, over-seasoned, slightly-too-large chunks of chicken, corn (which I asked for), and a boatload of rice. The menu calls them "fillers" and that's exactly how they're used. All of these starches (corn, rice, beans, etc.) are meant to trick the eater into believing he/she got a great deal, paying only six bucks for a burrito, when in reality, the effort and ingredients put into that burrito is only worth about a buck. Dammit Taco John's, you let me down. I had a bite of my girlfriend's quesadilla and it was fine, but honestly, who messes up a quesadilla? Quesadillas are the first semi-Mexican food children learn to make and involve nothing more than putting cheese on top of a tortilla in a pan and throwing some chicken on top. Since there are no "fillers" in their quesadillas, John's turns to a heap of cheese to cover up the sub-par chicken. After finishing about 1/4 of my burrito, I decided that all the fillers could work to save me some money. I emptied the burrito into a take-out box, threw away the tortilla, and put the leftovers in a homemade carne asada fajita the following day. The waiter took 20% off the bill for being absent-minded and the price was decent, at around ten bucks per person. On the car ride home, I came to the sad conclusion that for $10 in Boston or San Francisco, I could have gotten a near perfect lengua or al pastor super burrito, a large horchata, and fresh chips and salsa. I never thought I would become a burrito snob living in Boston, but I did. Maybe Rochester is just not the place to eat burritos. Or maybe, just maybe, Rochestarians will some day dedicate themselves to creating authentic, yet accessible cuisine, thus becoming more passionate about the ingredients, techniques, and history that go into creating dishes. Until then, I'll stick to wings.
Note: This is not AUTHENTIC MEXICAN CUISINE. I'm pretty sure it's operated solely by white hipsters. You'll find tacos ($2), burritos ($4-6) and quesadillas ($4-6)! They make their own tortilla chips. Nothing is overly greasy but I wasn't knocked out by any flavor EXPLOSIONS either.  They've got brunch items (on Sundays) as well. Bottom line: Cheap, healthy(ish), vegan friendly tex mex (emphasis on the TEX, y'all).
Why is this place rated so highly!?!?? Give me a break yelpers, geeez!! In my quest for gastronomic satiation has been not been without its disappointments, but this one definitely takes the cake! I dint claim to have the most sophisticated of taste buds, but they know crap when they taste it. After a long day of apartment hunting, I decided to finally give John's a try. Walked in, took a seat and began to observe. The wall was painted red and covered with different "Mexican garb". Except for the bullhorns hanging from the ceiling.. which said  "Philippines" on it. That gave me a little tickle. The menu is a list of maybe 7 different items made in several different ways. I decided to order 3 tacos one beef (shredded), one pork (shredded) and one chicken. First: The flavoring of the all the meats was OK except there was no salt, which I didn't understand. Traditional taco layering can go as follow: tortilla, meat, salsa or onions, cheese, sour cream; usually organized from hot to cold. This is functional so that all warm items stay warm and the cold items cold and it maximizes the experience of the first bite, by having the most flavorful item touch your tongue after the tortilla which is the meat, usually.  These tacos were completely upside down or backwards. They were layered as sour cream, salsa, cheese then meat. WTF, WHO DOES THAT??! It completely changes the taste of the taco, not to mention the unforgivably bland meat. Also this made my tacos cold before they got to me. Second: I noticed that as I lifted my taco, a river of juices (from the meat and salsa I would assume, poured from my taco!!!!!!!!! If anyone knows me, I hate soggy things!! Dear Taco Chef, Why wouldn't you drain/strain the juices from the meat and or salsa before putting it ON TOP of the taco? This made the eating experience awkward and messy and my tortillas became really soggy! Next time, do me a solid and take the extra 5 seconds to wait for the juices to drain back into its container before spooning it on to my plate. Thanks, Mel M. I don't want to sound mean, but if you claim to be a TexMex restaurant, you have to bring it. Yes, I realize I am in western New York, but If Canadians can make great Mexican and tex mex food, John's you have no excuse! You are nothing more than an alternative to Chipotle and even their meat is well seasoned. Step yo game up!
I'm not going to go off on a massive missive on the food at John's Tex-Mex as I don't think it warrants that kind of attention. Safe to say that every time I hear someone extolling the virtues of this place I cringe a little bit and hope they see the light and try to find more flavor in their Mexican food. I had been there before but figured I'd give their burrito another try. I got a pork burrito with salsa, guacamole, black beans, lettuce and corn. Disappointing as usual mostly due to the lack of flavor from the meat and the guacamole. The rest of the ingredients were ok I guess, but boring bland meat and guacamole I could barely notice in the sizable burrito just turned me off.....under seasoned food that can barely be rescued by some decent hot sauce. Not going back to John's again and will continue the search for Mexican done right in Rochester!
This place never disappoints always fresh ingredients ....key for tacos. Great attentive service. If your looking good food without over stuffing yourself at a great price this is the place. Could use some fresh paint and on cold days some more heat. I am trifling now, I go there for good fresh food at always get it.
What an awesome vegan burrito. It was almost perfection. There are many types of burritos in the world and this one was a new brand. Sometimes I crave clean flavors and go for a chain burrito. Sometimes (usually drunk) I crave a long spanish rice and bean Mission style burrito. The New Mexico burrito with its green chili can hit the spot too. And sometimes I am craving a fried potato burrito. I would classify my burrito tonight in another whole category. The only thing that is missing is spicy salsa or hot sauce (the 4 provided are pretty mild). I got a regular burrito (which was massive) with both tofu and the non-beef (TVP). Both of which on their own were delicious. The tofu had a little more texture and spice to it. For my 4 fillers, I got Spinach, tomato, corn, and jalapenos. The burrito comes standard with rice and beans. this combo molded well together. It was gigantic and was tough to keep from opening at the seem. I had to alternate between biting and using a fork. We also split chips and Mexican Mush. The chips had a great spice on them and were some of the best I have had. The Mush was well, meh. Really lacking in spice and flavor. Not bad but alright. For a table of 3 with 2 burritos, 1 taco salad (the shell was amazing), 1 chips and mush, and 3 beers came out to $31. Super cheap. The staff was great too. Super nice, helpful, and cute. My 3 favorite things. The space seemed dive-y and unique. I will definitely be back on all my trips to Rochester.
John's is a super addition to the Swedge.  I've been eating here since they were "Taco John's."  When people tell me how much they love Moe's or Chipotle, I scoff, because Taco John's is truly the top tex-mex restaurant in the area.   In my RIT days, this was my go to on Thursday afternoons for the combo, beer and a burrito for $7.  Chips & mush was my appetizer of choice, but they're all good, really.  Good options for vegetarians, and really reasonable prices.  The atmosphere is perpetually good and the food always comes fresh and fast. Really, quit going to Moe's and Chipotle and go to John's, you'll be doing yourself a favor!
Let me start off by pointing out that the name of the restaurant includes the words "tex-mex" and not authentic Mexican food. I ate at John's just about every day for 4 months, when I was poor and lazy. I have never EVER had a bad meal at John's. Once in awhile John serves fish tacos....I would kill for one of those any day. They also have plenty of choices for vegetarians and vegans that are just as tasty as everything else on their menu. They have an awesome beer list for a restaurant their size and the staff and owner are all wonderful.
Damn this place is good. I've been hearing about it for a while from fellow South Wedgers and finally tried it today. Had a pork burrito that was pretty good. Pork could have been a little more favorful but otherwise I enjoyed it.  The wow factor came with my side of mashed potatoes and plantains. Awesome!!! Perfect combo of flavors. Definitely going to become a regular and just like most South Wedge spots the people there are friendly as hell. So I'll make a needed confession before closing out the review...I frequent the Chipotle in Henrietta. I love that place but I'm ashamed to discover that there was a Tex Mex joint right in my own backyard that was scores better!!! And it's a bonus that I can support an SW establishment. Num num!!
1. Cafe setting, cafe prices (cheep, cheep!), but they have wait staff (this is great for exactly what I needed last week. I wanted to go out to eat but didn't want to pay insane amounts of money for mediocre food. And then sometimes its nice to go to somewhere where they wait on you, not ordering at a counter, you know?) 2. Yummy food. Did I mention it was cheap too? Yeah I filled up on a combo plate that was $7.  I noticed also that they had a lot of vegetarian alternatives too. This is great for the meals where I am feeling less carnivorous or I am dining with some of my vegetarian friends. 3. While I did not have the chance to partake in any adult libations this visit, I did notice they had beer and margaritas. Good to know for next time... 4. Cute decor. It's small. It's cozy. It's an orangey-red color. I like it.
Definitely best burritos in town I had so far.  Chipotle and Moes are not even close.
If you're looking for a chicken burrito that's tasty, reliable, and fast, go to John's. I like to get the regular burrito and ask for an extra tortilla. You'll have enough filling left over to make yourself a second burrito. It's a lot of food for the money. This place is really popular and really small, so you may want to get take-out. And for some reason the tap water is always luke-warm, so buy a soda or a juice I guess. Fun fact: One time I took a guy I'd recently met to John's for lunch. He complained that he wasn't impressed and whined that he'd rather be eating a calzone. That guy turned out to be a complete a-hole. So if you want to quickly judge a person's character, slap a John's Tex Mex burrito in front of em and see what happens.
Reasonably good food (hey, this is Western New York, NOT Texas-- go to Texas if you want good Texmex).  Great prices.  This is the sort of place that doesn't clutter your plate with things that you skipped ordering.  If you do not order and pay for the rice and beans, your plate comes without rice and beans.  If you don't order the chips and salsa, your table is without chips and salsa. The good part of this equation is that the prices are very reasonable.   Your taco costs only about $3 since you didn't get the rice and beans.  (By the way, if you want to add the rice and beans, it's only a dollar, I believe). Cheers to John's for refusing to fill my plate with things I didn't order.
One of, if not my favorite place to eat in Rochester. Super cheap, awesome staff and service, giant burritos, very vegan and vegetarian friendly. The homemade sauces are amazing and very flavorful (you guys should bottle and sell that stuff). They have outdoor seating during the non-sucky weather months which helps cause the place is on the tiny side. I send pictures to my friends in buffalo whenever I eat there. They are jealous.
If you live in Rochester and have not been to John's Tex Mex, chances are that you may have been living under a Mexican rock. (I joke). I don't mean to offend the audience, but I say this because John's Tex Mex is a Rochester gem that so many of us frequent, which may make this post redundant, but  none the less, an acknowledgement for such a local hot spot. John's offers affordable mexican fare served by a friendly staff in a small spot located on South Street, right next to Nathaniels. A few of my favorite dishes are the small burrito--don't be fooled by its name--and the burrito bowl. Both of these dishes, which are both under $7 (without extra sides), act as two meals for the price of one. So come hungry, whether it's your first or 10th time to one of Rochester's favorite spots.   Listen, it's not the most authentic Mexican food out there, but it's affordable, cute, and offers a dish called "mush." What more could you ask for?
Really like this place. We were greeted very warmly immediately upon arriving. It is a tiny but cute and inviting space...Good music playing.  Decent beer selection. Our server was excellent and we thought the food was delicious... for dinner, we had both chicken and pork tacos and burritos and quesadillas for an app. Everything was actually well seasoned, fresh, and flavorful.  The portions are quite generous, and very affordable. Will definitely be returning.
Four stars instead of three for consistently serving really fresh, tasty food at incredibly cheap prices.  I've been to John's several times including tonight, and I will definitely be visiting again. The wait staff is always very friendly and attentive.  Great selection of micro brews and specialty sodas.  My girlfriend and I started our meal with chips and guacamole.  The guacamole is good, nothing special.  Sometimes I find the chips to be under seasoned but they were fine tonight.  I ordered two pork tacos and one mexican mush taco.  The pork is my favorite of their meat offerings but the star of the meal is always the house hot sauces.  The green sauce balances the heat with garlic and cilantro, while the red sauce packs more of a punch and delivers the smoky earthy notes of a dried chilie peppers.  Dinner for two was only $17, a great value.
As a vegan, this is one of my favorite places to eat in Rochester. Perfect amount of spice, great prices, good drink selection, and lots of options. They offer Boylan and Nantucket Nectar products because they're big on the no high fructose corn syrup deal. All of their ingredients are crazy fresh and quite tasty. The location is awesome (located at the heart of the Southwedge, on the corner of Alexander and South). I highly recommend the salsa and guacamole. The chips are even better than most Tex Mex/Mexican places; when they come out of the fryer they add a bit of spice and a pinch of salt to them. The portions for anything you order are HUGE too. I recall the one time I ordered a burrito I ended up making 3 meals out of it. Intimate atmosphere, rad interior, friendly staff and great food. How can you say no?
After hearing about how good the food was here from a friend, I finally got to try it and sadly, it did not blow me away like I had hoped it would. I really wanted to love it, but I didn't think the food was that amazing. Maybe I should have ordered something else instead of the chicken burrito bowl. The chicken was dry and a bit bland. The chicken quesadilla that my friend ordered look great though. The service was great; the staff was really friendly and quick. And it was also a very cheap meal, which is always awesome. Maybe my expectations were too high, but it just wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. BUT, I definitely want to try John's again and I will order something else next time. And I hope it that I can come back to Yelp and give it an extra star...or two!
The prices are cheap, the portions are huge & the ingredients are fresh. I always order the mexican plate with tofu. SO FREAKIN' GOOD!! I get two meals out of it. The chips are delicious. Just a little tip: I order the chips on the side, 'cause who wants soggy chips when enjoying their seconds? The inside of the building is really cute. Vegetarian & vegan friendly. Staff is nice. Parking is easy. I highly recommend!! :)
Checked out John's again last night and I have to say my Fresca taco with chicken was delicious. It did not need even a splash of the accompanying hot sauce.  I devoured two of these suckers and for about six bucks it was the cheapest meal out on a Friday night in a long time. The music was perfect, the staff was super nice and our food came out fast.  We started with chips/guac/bean mush, delicious.  The contrast in textures of the dips was awesome and my Corona was ice cold.   Did you know John's does not serve ice? Not that I wanted ice in my beer but the tepid water did nothing to quench my thirst.  Why no ice dude? We were really enjoying our dinner and then a group of drunk, loud, young women arrived...we quickly downed our food and left as they were borderline out of control, kudos to the waitress who served them. Overall I dig this place but I go in knowing it is white man's Mexican.
John's is fairly unique among Tex-Mex restaurants in Rochester (of which there are many, and none are great). It has a fun, youthful atmosphere and the staff were friendly. I ordered a chicken (corn) taco, beef (corn) taco and a (Mission style) beef burrito. Everything came loaded pretty well - more food than I expected. I liked the home bottled salsas - they were very unique and had great flavor. I really liked the chicken but my friend didn't agree. The verdict on the beef was unanimous - it wasn't good. It's a barbacoa style stew beef that unfortunately tasted more of dry paprika/chili flavor than anything else, lacking acid and resulting in a pretty bad chalky flavor. It ruined the burrito. I may give John's a second chance, but will stick to the chicken or pork next time.
Most of the items here taste pretty average with some highs like the house made green sauce that comes in a squirt bottle, and lows such as the guacamole. The prices and portions are where they shine. 2-3 beef tacos are probably sufficient for post workout protein (they are the taco meat charity of Rochester). This is the perfect place for college kids who want an alternative to fast food but do not want to jump the border on price range. It is neither Tex nor is it Mex but it definitely is abundant, decent and cheap.
I'm not a huge fan of Taco John's food, but I can't give them less than three stars because they have mimosas (!!!) and every table gets free chips and salsa, yummy. But like I said, I hate that the burritos come with so few toppings. Sol Burrito actually has larger portions too. John's is also super small, but they do have outdoor seating when the weather is nice.They have beer too.
Very good food, large portions, great service- an excellent place for tex mex that you really can't go wrong.  I am a former vegetarian (felt like reliving it here) so I have a good sense of decent veg food.  I would say the tofu taco was decent but not phenomenal.  I did not feel like it had a lot of flavor by itself. The meat dishes looked amazing so next time I'll likely go with the "safe" option.  I would recommend this place and plan to go back.
Yum.  The mexican plate is fantastic.  The taco salad with black beans is good.  Both the black and the refried beans are vegetarian.  As noted in one of the other reviews, it isn't "authentic" mexican food, it is tex-mex -- but it clearly states that (in the name), so you can't really hold it against them.  The portions are huge, the prices are OK (they used to be great, but went up recently).  The food is delicious.   The service is usually GREAT at lunch, and slightly less great around dinner.  There are a few waitresses who are fantastic.  And if you don't get them, the service is variable.   Apparently they opened for breakfast on fridays -- but I haven't tried their breakfast burritos (yet).
I knew it would be hard for me to divorce my feelings for a real burrito from a texmex burrito so I went with a burrito bowl.  My un-beef version with corn, lettuce, jalapenos, tomatoes, salsa and guac was tasty and generous.  I got take out due to time constraints and the service was very quick and pleasant.  From my spot at the counter, the decor was fun and everyone was enjoying their food. Three and a half stars would be more accurate but since I will definitely come back to re-assess with a sit down meal, rounding up is in order.
The only good thing about this place is that they give you a ton of food for cheap. Said food is barely good enough to be mediocre though, as it's consistently been under-seasoned with curious mixtures of spices that result in food that tastes neither Tex nor Mex. You'll also have to wait a loooooong time for your mediocre food.
All right, let's be clear right off the bat. This is not Mexican food. They don't try to do Mexican food. It's Tex-Mex. It's right in the name. Talk about a hole in the wall. If you're not careful, you could walk right by the place, if it wasn't for the crowd waiting on the sidewalk for a table. They have about 7 or 8 tables set up with very little room to stand around. They do have a small (and I mean small) bar where you can get a drink and wait if you're lucky enough to get a spot. I ordered a dinner combo, which I chose to be a burrito and a side. I got the rice and beans with my burrito. My father had gotten the mashed potatoes and plantains, which I tried and would gladly order the next time. It's just a natural combination since plantains, depending on how ripe they are, have that mashed potato texture but add sweetness. Very good. The burrito was fairly good and huge. I could barely put the whole thing down, but I'm a notoriously huge eater. Everyone else had leftovers. Not to mention, the whole dinner cost less than $10. If I lived in that area, I would probably be eating there a lot. Not good for the waist line, but good for the taste buds. Worth a look.
had the small pork burrito for lunch.  had a little kick but not too spicy.  very filling.  quick friendly service.  plan on going back to take advantage of daily specials.
I love this place!  The BEST prices in Rochester My wife and I frequent here often - here is what we get, and what it costs us Drink: DogFish head 60 min IPA for me (delicious beer) glass of wine for her Chips with Salsa & Guac pork quesadilla for me veggie tostada for her we leave stuffed!!  The service is quick!  and the bill is only $22 Stupendous!
Not exactly authentic Mexican fare, but it's tasty and cheap. I enjoy coming here for quick dinners with college friends.  During months of nice weather, they have a comfortable outdoor patio. Edit: Try the green sauce. It's a must.
I will admit up front that I have had only one experience with John's, which I will elaborate in as much detail as I can remember. Late night.  Wonderful friends back in town after a hiatus.  Friends appalled that we had not yet experienced the inexpensive deliciousness that is John's.  Four of us pile into Honda fit, drive to South Wedge.   I was pretty amazed at the prices, and as a secret lover of small, laid-back, hipsteresque eateries, I was loving the ambiance.  The beer was cheap and available, just how I like it.  The lighting was adequate, which was perfect.  Then, THEN I saw all the vegetarian options on the menu.  Yes please. I ordered a burrito, which was approximately the size of my head.  I made some nervous remark about not eating the whole thing, then tasted the burrito, then proceeded to eat the whole thing.  I couldn't help but notice that the same approximate thing happened with everyone at the table.  But seriously, it was huge.  I didn't need to eat at all the next day. Bill was very reasonable. Friends were appeased.  I am excited about my next visit.
Great restaurant.
Great prices, delicious food. I have never had fresher tasting salsa. Even the smaller burritos ($4.75) are filling. If you are into spice, be sure to try the chipotle sauce (you might have to ask for it). The outside seating is nice, weather permitting of course.
John's in a nice folksy little mexican place in the south wedge.  The food is great, the prices are reasonable and it always come quickly - the staff is nice.  The meals are consistent every time.  It is a small place, with a small feel, it seats about 15-20 people and has a "lunch counter" for 3 or 4.  In the summer, there is seating outside too. It's casual and I always feel comfortable here.   The burritos are really good.  I always leave satisfied (tummy full and happy with the value). This is a weekly stop for me and my wife.  If you like mexican, this is a great place to try. Give it a shot.
I've been going to John's Tex-Mex for years and love it! The food is so good that I will still give them 5 stars in spite of the limited seating and average service. If you are looking for a great Tex-Mex meal, it's the place to be (note: it is not authentic Mexican). Their portions are large and full of garlic and spice. My two favorite items are the chicken burrito with salsa, cheese, spinach, and hot-peppers (you can pick 4 fillers), and the chicken quesadilla. I hear the beef is just so-so in flavor so stick with the chicken if you are on the fence. Great vegetarian options too and not expensive at all.
I was first turned onto this place by friends of mine who lived in the area and I have to say I'm glad they told me about it.  Pretty much every time I've been there it has been as part of a large group, and the staff has always been wonderful and accommodating.  This is fact is made extra important due to the fairly small size of the dining area itself and my friends and I predilection to going at busy times.   On to the actual food, which is excellent.  My meal of choice there is a chicken quesadilla with a side of their chips and guac which I believe they make fresh at the restaurant.    The other good thing about the food, is that there is a lot of it for really small prices.  I'm not exactly a light eater and even I have been forced to get a to go box on occasion here.   I think the only negative thing to say about the place is the small size, but everything else is top notch, so if you can schedule your Mexican food hankerin for non-peak times this is certainly the place to go.
Fantastic Tex-Mex! Huge portions and great prices. This is a small funky little place. The fare is solid tex-mex with a nice variety, excellent assortment of beers. Again portions are really large, I'm a big eater and I had to get a to go box! Very nice wait staff. Great food at almost taco bell prices.
Best burritos and taco salad in town.  Great beer and soda selection (Fanta is a must), doing great work in such a small kitchen!
Friendly staff. Low-key and easy inside.  Always clean and tidy. Wonderful value. Flexible and accommodating of substitutions and modifications. Delicious. I love you.
i was in rochester for work. there was a jehova's witness convention at my hotel. there was a gospel music festival at the arena. there was no vegan food within my sight. things were looking pretty bleak in rochester, which is pretty normal i'm assuming. so i turned to happycow dot net and it recommended this place. it was around a mile walk from my hotel, but i figured that was reasonable. i walked there and was offered cocaine and pot by some guy. i looked at him and sang the opening lyrics to 'straight edge revenge' by project x and then moshed him. by that i mean i said, 'no, i'm good.' anyway. i got a regular unbeef burrito with guacamole and walked back to my hotel. it was pretty good, probably a three star burrito but i give them an extra star for having faux beef and tofu as an option. it's a nice place and they seem to be doing good business. i wish them nothing but success and i'll return when i'm back in the ROC.
Incredible tex mex for an incredible price. Anything and everything here is amazing!
I've been here a bunch of times and have also called ahead for take out.  Cool little joint in the Wedge.  Food is good, cheap, and comes out fast.  My favorite is the small burrito.  Don't let the name fool you- there's nothing small about it!  Love their Sunday brunch- something different than your typical omelets.  The menu changes each week and they have mimosas!  A favorite brunch item is the southern breakfast poutine- hand cut fries with cheese curd, sausage gravy, and 2 fried eggs.  And their garlic, cheddar drop biscuits with honey butter- mmmm!
Ate there yesterday for the first time and it was great!  The food, the prices, and the service was wonderful. My family and I enjoyed it very much, and can't wait to go back.  The portions are bigger than the price, and you won't be disappointed.
I think John's Tex Mex is a great choice for a cheap dinner in a funky environment with good bottled beer selections. It's not authentic Tex Mex or Mexican food by any means, but their products have always been fresh and tasty when I've visited, probably on the order of 3-4 times per year. Their chips and guacamole are a hit and I do like their option of vegetarian and tofu-based fillings. I usually get a burrito and am stuffed by the time I leave -  I think their portions are more than generous, especially for the prices. The beans (all types) have been a favorite of mine here as well. I like lingering by the window seats and reading the City Paper. The place has a good vibe that can't be described. It's a great neighborhood spot at an unbeatable price.
No stars . . . Bad food/cold food and poor service. Cannot be recomended.
AMAZING. The portions are so huge, so good, and so cheap. One small burrito usually lasts me for lunch and dinner for the next few days. But I can't really eat a lot myself. Perfect for vegs or vegans!
Super reasonable prices and really fresh ingredients.  I also never thought that my $2.50 tacos would be too much to finish.  The staff was fun and the restaurant itself colorful and full of character.  I can't wait to go in the summer when you can sit outside!
The price is right and the food is fantastic! I just wish that there was a little more room in here, it will be bigger when the weather is better and you can sit outside.
Super yummy. Good service, fast and friendly. Loved the chipotle sauce. Only negative, nowhere to stand while waiting to eat.
My boyfriend had recently moved to an apartment closer to downtown Rochester, so when I went to visit, I told him we should explore more of downtown! I turned to trusty Yelp for help, and all the positive reviews led us to John's. It does look like a little hole in the wall place, but there does seem to be ample seating inside and outside. They serve Sunday brunch, which is a little unusual for a tex-mex place. My boyfriend and I each opted for a burrito, which comes with your choice of meat, rice, beans (black or refried), and 4 fillers for $6.50 (50 cents for extra fillers, $1 for guac). My boyfriend was a little miffed at being restricted to only 4 fillers (compared to Chipotle's numerous options), but decided to keep his mind open. When we received our burrito, I was surprised at how big it was (that's what she said). The burrito was pretty good, and the chicken was plenty flavorful for me, albeit a bit on the spicy side. Neither of us were able to finish an entire burrito, so we boxed it up to go. The menu is very plentiful, and the prices are good. You definitely get a bang for your buck. We will definitely stop by more to try their other stuff, and maybe their brunch items as well.
This was our first time visiting this wonderful little (and I do mean little) gem.  Located in Southwedge, this hole in the wall eatery lives up to the reviews. We ordered the chips and mush to start...yes, mush.  Try it.  You'll love it.  The chips aren't free like most Mexican restaurants, but remember...this isn't your typical Mexican fare.  I ordered a dinner combo which consisted of 2 tacos and 2 sides.  I ordered 1 beef, 1 chicken taco, the mashed potatoes and plantains (as recommended by others) and black beans with rice.  Amazing.  The beef in the taco tasted more like bbq. Different, but great!  Everything had such wonderful flavor.  The rice was awesome and had a slight cilantro flavor.  My husband ordered the burrito dinner combo and the burrito itself was HUGE.  The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you get for the price is extremely generous. We will definitely be back.
Two words: Mexican plate
This place is slamming in my book, cheap and filling and the food is pretty kick ass.  I saw some complain that it wasnt authentic California style, I certainly agree but then again its not California so what do you expect, be happy you have better Pizza joints and Wegmans cause I certainly miss those factors.  Outside of that this place used to be one of my favorite date spots.
John's Tex-Mex has delicious food with huge servings at an amazing price.  A great place to grab a taco or a burrito, some "mush," and a brew.  I have had quite a few items on the menu and have never been disappointed.  There really is no better place in town!
Yes, yes and yes. I LOVE Taco John's. It is, without a doubt, one of my top favorite Mexican places in Rochester. The people working at this place are also really friendly. They have a lot of different options aside from plain old  taco's. They have taco salad's (which I usually get) and Mexican "bowls" with different stuff you can choose from. You get to choose your own beans and everything is extremely fresh. It's a cute, little joint, too. The best thing is, it's pretty cheap to eat here.
Based on my only visit so far - BEST mexican food in Rochester. Try the mashed potatoes & plantains. No kids menu or drinks but nothing to avoid bringing kids there.
Was brought here due to the many great reviews here on yelp during my stay in Rochester. I ordered the Mexican Plate and man was it huge! The food was delivered quick and tasted great. Didn't even finished half of it and was already full. The server was super nice! Wished i tried something else instead but it was still good! Wish we have something like this in Toronto. Nice and cozy!
Went here for lunch b/c of Yelp reviews. Great, large helpings, especially for lunch hour prices. Tried the Mexican plate and friend had the burrito. I really should have saved half for later, but it tasted so good! My friend took home half of his burrito. I think the total bill was ~$18 for appetizer, two lunches and two drinks. I'd definitely visit again...and take some food home with me.
Pound for pound the best food value in the city of Rochester. The food is reasonably price. I don't want to say cheap becuase the food quality is fantastic and the portions are outrageous. My daughter loves the Chips & Mush Dip andtheir burrito is to die for. This place blows aways Moe's or Chipotle and I have never been disappointed.
After many months of getting their take-out, I decided to try their dine-in service. Awesome. I'm a huge fan of the meats, but went out on a limb and tried their un-beef on the John's Plate (equally amazing... even the chips themselves are seasoned!) and I am blown away by the amount of flavor that they pack in this protein mix! The plate itself is huge, so I would suggest bringing a friend. The portions here are generous in general, especially for the price. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some local mexican flavor.
Three words - Cheap, good, fresh.  If we are craving Tex-Mex, this is our go to place.  Even living way out in the finger lakes region, will make the drive into the city just for John's Tex Mex.  We love the Vegan/Vegetarian friendly options such as tofu and un-beef.  And tacos are only $2.25.  Amazing!
Five stars. If I could make it six stars I would plian and simple.
John's tex-mex is the place to go for tofu fresca tacos, my boyfriend even likes them (though he normally goes for the chicken ones). Their seasoning is delicious! Go there for a quick lunch break and try a combo of tacos with a side, their corn/potato mash is a good one to try. It gets a little cold in the winter time but other then that great friendly people and good food.
Call the food whatever you like, it was delicious.  Everything was fresh, good proportions, and wonderful flavors.  I enjoyed the unbeef fresca taco, along with the Mexican mush. They have a lot to choose from, as well.  If you are looking for fresh, well prepared food at unbelievable prices, this is the place to go.  The atmosphere was bright, laid back and the service was friendly.
I eat at John's Tex-Mex fairly often.  It might not be authentic Mexican food, but it never fails to satisfy me.  The decor is fun and I like having stuff to look at while I'm waiting for my meal.  The vegetarian options are aplenty and I always get the small burrito as I can never finish the regular sized one.  They often have new beers to try and for the kids there are plenty of sodas to choose from that have no high fructose corn syrup.  And as many other reviewers have stated, you can't beat their prices!  A very filling meal including a beer for under $10.
I would probably eat here everyday if I could. There is so much to choose from, even for a vegan like me The portions are HUGE, and its inexpensive. I've never waited longer than ten minutes to get my food. It's a must try if you like big burritos and friendly severs.
One of the hidden gems of the South Wedge.  The food is always fresh and well prepared and the quality is stellar considering it is the same price as Chipotle.
Fantastic food, fed two for 15 bucks.little tight inside but there's also an outdoor sitting.
We don't live in Rochester, but went to John's Tex-Mex when visiting friends.  I wish more restaurants would offer reasonable portions at reasonable prices.  Left feeling full but not stuffed.   With an appetizer and two entrees it was $14 for dinner for two.  The food really did taste fresh and was excellent.
It took me way too long to come here to eat. It was always on my list of places to go. Then it started to get ridiculous. I needed an excuse to eat here and finally the time came. After wandering around South Wedge one Saturday, I made the executive decision to have lunch at John's Tex Mex. We were blasted with the smell of seasoned pork and tortilla chips upon walking in. Immediately my mouth was watering. We sat down to eat, although several people during our visit opted to get their food to go. So that's a nice option to take advantage of next time. We quickly picked out our beers and got the chips and salsa. I think these may be the best chips and salsa I've ever had. Perfectly seasoned, fresh out of the fryer and the salsa was Goldilocks good - not to spicy, just right. For my meal, I ordered the taco salad. It was huge! I loved that it came with roasted red peppers - an unusual, but delish addition. I ripped off the edges of the tortilla bowl and threw pieces in the salad for added crunch. Can't wait to come back very soon!
The staff is mediocre. The food is amateur mexican. But nice to have mexican food in the neighborhood. Still searching for the perfect burrito, like the kind you get in California.
Great Quality/Great Value- I've been eating at John's Tex Mex about once a month for the past 2 years. Best Tacos in Rochester, Excellent Quesadillas, Very good Chips & Salsa, & good beer specials.  The only negative is that seating can get a bit tight Friday & Saturday night, though usually something opens up within 5 or 10 minutes. If you do not mind a little heat, John's offers, as free condiments, a yummy red (chipotle) sauce and green sauce. Be sure to ask for them when your food arrives. Overall, very good food & great value.
A friend suggested to grab lunch here and I was glad they did! Very tasty meal. Everything tasted fresh and had a nice flavor. Prices are cheap which is great too! Can't wait to taste everything else on the menu!
The food was delicious. I've only tried the chicken quesadilla, and definitely give that 5 stars. The service is definitely not worth 5 stars. No one was rude, but I didn't feel welcomed like some other reviewers did. I don't know if these dudes aren't used to people of color in their restaurant or what, but I didn't like the vibe I got. I seriously hope orders can placed over the phone, because that's the only way I'd ever go to this place again.
Cheap, delicious tex-mex. Unexpectedly good flavor. Can get quite crowded as it's a very small restaurant, but is good for take-out. A favorite of mine for when I need to grab a quick warm bite to take with me. They don't seem to put napkins in the bag though, so make sure you get some if you're carrying it out.
