First I heard "Thai" , then I heard "Watervliet" and I thought "no way jose." But then I heard "it was the most amazing food ever." I was hesitant, so I brought 2 adventurous coworkers with me. As the reviews show, this place is pretty damn epic. My food was amazing, it's going to be hard to get me to try anything other than the Khoa Soi because it was that good. It was creamy and just enough spice and awesome cilantro flavor. I think my fellow diners like their food as well. I do know that my friend got massaman curry and asked for it extra spicy and it wasn't even close to how spicy my dish was (which disappointed her). As a tip, just know the food isn't going to be super spicy (at least in the dishes we had - they do have sriracha if you need some extra heat) . Can't beat lunch - you can get out of there for less than 8 dollars.  See you soon Sadudee!
I really, really want to like this place. Everyone I know likes this place. Maybe it is different when you est there, in person. But my experience is not so great: I ordered food to be delivered, and the food came more than an hour later, and it was very cold. The pad Thai I tried was relatively lackluster, even warmed up via microwave, although it had a very subtle peanut topping which was nicely done. The Thai tea I ordered was just okay,  but also really watered down from all the melted ice. However! The basil rolls were incredibly, unexpectedly delicious, both with sauce and without, and it did not matter that they were cold.
There are many different Thai restaurants in the area now, and probably just as many Asian restaurants that offer Thai dishes.  I enjoy Thai food, so it is with great interest when I hear of a new Thai restaurant opening and it is especially attention getting when I see repeated outstanding ratings given to one of the new kids on the block.  I'm neither Thai nor a connoisseur of Thai cooking, but just as everyone has their preference for a particular pizza parlor, I know what pleases me when I eat Thai food. With that said, we made our first visit to Sadudee.  I don't think they have an alcohol license yet, and I didn't inquire if they planned on applying for one.  I will say that Watervliet water tastes pretty good because I forgot to order a Thai Iced Tea. We ordered the Duck Swalad (menu typo for salad?) ($8) and the Basil Rolls ($6) as appetizers.  The Basil Rolls contained steamed rice noodles with vegetable and basil leaves wrapped in a soft rice paper and served on a plate with a lattice pattern presentation of sweet tamarind sauce.  I was expecting more flavor from the basil in the rolls, but fortunately, the tamarind sauce made up for that.  The "Swalad" has pieces of crispy duck tossed with red onion, chili, lemon juice, tomato, scallion, cilantro, apple and cashew.  Delicious enough sounding that my wife ordered it while I was considering having it.  She quickly decided after tasting it that she did not like the flavor of the sauce/dressing that was on it, saying that it had a fishy flavor.  While she ate some of the greens that were served with it, I got to enjoy the rest.  I agree that both the aroma and the flavor of the sauce were something that I had not experienced before, but my taste buds found that exciting. For her entree, my wife had the Kao Soi (another typo for Khao?) with vegetables ($11) - a popular northern Thai noodle dish prepared with linguini in a yellow curry sauce with red onion, and black soy sauce, topped with deep-fried crispy noodles and a sprinkle of scallion and cilantro.  The curry had a very creamy texture and was slightly less than middle-of-the-road spicy.  The vegetables could have been cut to smaller sizes to make them easier to eat.  But overall, it was a flavorful and enjoyable dish. I had to try the Green Curry with chicken ($12) so I could compare it with my standard for other Thai restaurants.  The preparation was quite as expected with thin slices of chicken breast, green beans, zucchini, red and green peppers, green peas, and basil in a green curry coconut milk sauce.  One ingredient that was different was a slice of American eggplant that was batter dipped and deep-fried.  A large serving of rice also accompanied the curry; you have a choice of Jasmine white or brown and I forgot to request brown so white was the default.  The rice was a bit soggy, but once I added it to the curry that characteristic was not noticeable.  Once again the vegetables were cut probably twice as large as would be easy to eat, but they were properly cooked so they still had some crunch.  Bottom line, my preference for green curry continues to be that served at Kinnaree.  The middle-of-the-road curry served here could have been a bit spicier for my taste, and more plentiful to have with the rice that was left over. Service was very pleasant and friendly, value is very good, and I don't know why customers continue to alert others to not have high expectations about the décor.  As long as it continues to be clean inside and you like the food, that's all that really matters.
Pretty brilliant Thai food, especially in the wasteland for Thai food that is this region. Beef salad was great, pad thai not too dry and not too wet a la Capital Thai. Better than Sukhothai for sure. Wish it was a bit
I'm really happy that this place opened up right across the river. Only a mile drive away to fulfill my thai food craving versus the 20 min drive into Albany. I have only ordered take out so I can't really comment on the service. However whenever I place an order for pick up, my 3 dish order is always ready in 15 minutes, so I'm guessing that the service is pretty fast for dine in as well. The two workers who have rung me up were incredibly friendly. The first time I ordered here, it was for lunch (yay 7 dollar lunch specials!) and I wasn't aware of that they have a 10 dollar minimum for card. I saw the sign right when I walked in and told the cashier I didn't know about it. He politely and nicely responded "oh dont worry it's okay this time then" and gladly accepted my card. It was a nice gesture because I've encountered that problem at other places before, and they've all either told me a) where the nearest ATM is or b) what else I can buy so I can reach the minimum. The food is great, in both quality and quantity. I have ordered the chicken pad thai, beef pineapple fried rice, shrimp Tom yum, and basil chicken. The portions are huge and I always have leftovers. The food is delicious as well and they give generous amounts of meat. One thing I do wish they would do is make their food spicier! I ask for spicy when I order but everything seems to be on the mild-medium spicy level. Thai food is my absolute favorite type of food. As a Las Vegas native attending RPI, I have been spoiled with thai food back home. I would complain about my thai food cravings all the time until I started making the trip to Albany once in awhile. This place is very satisfying despite my love for "on the verge of crying" spicy thai food. But I love thai food for it's flavors regardless of it's spiciness. The flavors are all there at Sadudee so that's all that matters to me! I'm seriously one happy gal to have this place opened up near me.
I've been twice and enjoyed my meal both times. So far I've had the green curry chicken, which was at a solid level of spiciness while still being flavorful, and the basil chicken, which I loved. It's VERY easy to eat healthy off this menu if that's your thing. As others have said, don't let the decor deter you from eating here. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly without being overbearing, and the price is right. If you like thai food, you're doing yourself a disservice by not stopping in.
I had an excellent meal in the newly-opened Sadudee Thai Food, located in the old Gianna's Pizza space at 1401 Broadway. This restaurant will be in my steady rotation moving forward. Owners are previously associated with Sukhothai on Lark Street and Orange Mango on Central Ave. Sadudee features 5-star authentic Thai from an unlikely location. Do not attempt to reduce rating for decor & ambiance. It is irrelevant. This is the best Thai in the area. Judge this place for the food. It has no rival nearby.
Absolutelty delicious.  My husband and I went by chance - we ordered the basil rolls for appetizer. They were delicious and the tamarind sauce was very tasty.   My husband ordered the basil fried rice with scallops which he devoured and said it was very good and i ordered the drunken noodles with vegetables.  They were also delicious.  Very flavorful and very hot (temperature wise)  they went from the pan to the table.  The spice was perfect.  Just enough heat.  Mine had a large amount of vegetables.  They were very generous with them.  We both left very full.   I agree with others that have written - the food hands down is awesome.  The decor - very simple.  But that's ok - the food made up for it. We live in the immediate area so we asked for a take-out menu.   Thanks for a great meal
I was really excited to check out this relatively new Thai restaurant, just across the river from us in Watervliet. They do takeout, and have ample indoor seating as well. For our first visit, Brenda and I selected simple lunch-time fare, starting with the pork and shrimp dumplings, which seemed quite fresh -- they definitely did not have that "frozen and then nuked" flavor and texture. For entrees, Brenda had the Pad See Eew, which she pronounced delicious, and not too spicy. I had the Ga Pow with pork. It was mildly spicy, but still very tolerable for a guy who hates over-spiced food. We split a Thai Tea, which was delicious, although without the tapioca balls I grew to love at Thai restaurants in San Diego. Everything was fresh, straight from the Wok - perfect. Don't let the simple facade outside fool you -- inside is pleasant, roomy, and very clean. Well worth a visit! I wish they were right here in downtown Troy -- I'd eat there twice a week -- although truthfully, they're just a couple blocks away from our Upstate Photographers studio on River Street in Troy. Highly recommended.
It's a great thing in itself that Watervliet has a Thai restaurant. Even better is the fact that this is a great Thai restaurant. Our experience was as follows: We were seated by our very friendly host for lunch on a Saturday. We ordered 5 dishes total, including papaya salad, pot stickers, basil rolls, drunken noodles, and a unique and delicious noodle dish (crispy noodles on top, rice noodles within a curry tofu broth below) whose name escapes me although its unique flavor has not). Everything was excellent. We stuffed ourselves and had leftovers. Total bill was $35+. Before we left, we asked our very kind host the meaning of Sadudee. "Praise" was the answer. And well deserved.
could fill up on the tom yum soup...but always order more.
Dined in once and had take out once. As other reviewers noted, you're not there for the decor. That being said, the food is fantastic, well prepared and presented, and the service is attentive. My fave is the Lemongrass. And who knew there were so many different kinds of curry? Visit this place soon.
Wow.  Just wow.  We Had the Chicken Tom Kha, Thai Chicken Noodle Soup, Green Papaya Salad, Chispy Cheese App and a Curried Chicken and Cashew. Sweet, sour, hot, spicy, salty, crunchy, soft, fresh ...all of it very present.  I really enjoyed myself.  My family enjoyed it too.  The place is humble but clean with linen, china, glass and silver.  We are going back next Wednesday night to make sure we were not just overwhelmed by flavors.  I cant wait!
I was in Troy on business. Looked up lunc on yelp, and this spot popped up. Though there are great choices in Troy. Thai iced coffee sounded good. I was the soil occupant. Place is clean, service was friendly and prompt. Since I was alone and the stop was quick, I kept it basic, Green Curry and a iced coffee. Food was fresh and awesome. Best Thai I have had. Highly recommend.
I got take out for lunch. I got the red curry with tofu and it was delicious! Very fresh, made with care. The person I got lunch with got the pad thai and enjoyed it very much. The vegetables in both the curry and pad thai were fresh and the presentation was nice, especially for take out. The serving size was perfect. Highly recommend checking this place out!
Food is authentic and delicious. Place is spacious and well kept. I not only like  the fact that I don't have to drive all the way to Lark to get my weekly dose of refreshing coconut sauce but they have many variety of additional dishes as well.
I can't help myself! When curry is on the menu I have to put it in my face. I got the pumpkin curry which was perfect. Not crazy pumpkinny but just pumpkinny enough. Tofu was perfectly cooked. It was pretty expensive but I would do it again.
Everything is delicious -   I particularly like the pumpkin curry and the salmon (both featured on the back side of the menu). My co workers and I lunch here at least twice weekly.  The owner is gracious and service is fantastic - I LOVE this place.
Im super late with this review. But....Best Thai food in the area. When they first open,my husband and I were regulars . It was always empty. From that we were skeptical. But to our surprise, the food was amazing. Im so glad to see so many others feel the same. We were worried because of the location,  and felt it would be looked over. So happy to see them doing well and getting the praise they deserve. Cant wait to go back !
Went here for lunch and it was really good! I had the Red Curry with shrimp and my friend had Pad Thai. My dish was really yummy and the shrimp were really big and cooked nicely. My friend also enjoyed her dish. The food came out quickly and the lunch portion was a good size. we each had enough food leftover for another meal. I would definitely come back here!
Tonight we started with the crispy crab appetizer, sweet and crispy. I had the basil noodles with seafood and the flavor was wonderful. My friend had crispy duck which was cooked to perfection, tender and moist inside and light and crispy outside. No greasy sogginess to be seen!  Then we topped it all of with the mango sticky rice. It was a fantastic meal and I can't wait to come back for more.
Delicious, consistent with the quality and flavor we get in NYC, which means it's excellent for the Capital Region! Decor is Watervliet-y, not exactly trendy, despite the dinner prices. I'm looking forward to doing lunch, and takeaway on my way home. I hope they survive in that location overlooking 787!
I went here for lunch with a friend, and everything we had was delicious. I would recommend the thai iced tea and coffee. The server was attentive and friendly. The prices are good for the portions. Definitely worth another visit when I'm back in the area!
