Oh. my. Gawd!  They make dosa, filled with their delicious curries and as much chutney as you would like. I think the dosa is the winter replacement for the indoor farmers market because they don't do pad thai in there.   Plan on spending at least 30 minutes in line and waiting for your food if you order pad thai or dosa, but it is totally worth the wait.
Vegan, Vegetarian, Spicy, Indian flavors I died and went to heaven.  Can't wait to visit RPI & Troy to have this spectacular food again.
Amazing. I'm not a big vegetable person but they somehow make them taste amazing along with their chicken curry, and beets. I'm always happy with the food and service I receive. Their Friday Facebook post decides whether or not I will be going to the farmers market.
They are the best! coconut sticky rice is a must-try if you like sweet. Pad thai is my favorite. It is not just some simple fried rice noodles. You need a lot of ingredients in proper portion to make it tastes that good. They usually get sold out within an hour for lunch in RPI union. Curry and stir fries are fresh made everyday. I heard their ice cream is good too. Whenever you see a long line in RPI union or at the Troy farmer's market and smell the special spice, you know they are there.. Mike loves cooking. He put  a lot of effort in his food. I am glad they are here.
Thunder Mountain Curry is an absolute diamond in the rough that is RPI's campus. It is pretty much the only place to get quality food without having to venture into town, and I would highly recommend it to anyone.  They also have a stand at the farmer's market every Saturday where they have a very different menu-- if you're an RPI student and you haven't been, you are missing out big-time. Also worth mentioning that they give you a TON of food for your money --$6.50 at lunch will usually end up being most of my dinner as well. I get pakoras from them very frequently and they are pretty much the best I've ever had-- most Indian restaurants in America make pakoras in huge batches and then leave them under a heater, where they get chewy after a while. At TMC you can watch them make your batch in the fryer and they are perfect, although a little heavier than other pakoras I've had. Their sticky rice is also excellent, as is the chicken. Every once in a while they make dal and paneer and I always jump on it when they do because both dishes are awesome! Mike is a CIA-trained chef who has traveled up and down Southeast Asia, and it really comes through in his cooking. TMC is a great way to finish off a day at the incredible Troy Farmer's Market, and definitely the best option for food on RPI's campus. Ice cream every Friday!
Mike & Mike are awesome...and so is the food! Huge portion for under $8. The sampler has rice, chicken, and a few veggie items included. Oh, also, pakora or dumplings. The pad thai is weaker on the spice than they might imply. A 3 wasn't even remotely spicy. A 5 had some spice to it. I think a 7 or 8 is likely closer to what I'd like. Most other places with a spice scale seem to ramp it up at a lower number. The good news is that they have a super spicy cilantro sauce to kick up the heat if it is too mild as served. They're open for lunch at RPI, which is where I got the food.
I hate to do it, but I feel the need to balance things out with all the positive reviews on here. Worst Thai Tea, I have ever had. Ever. It tasted like a medicine I once had as a child. One of those medicines that wasn't pretty in color or flavored for my benefit. It was ever worse because I took a pretty big sip from my cup right at the stand and didn't want to be rude or show my displeasure so I just gulped it down, while wearing my "ooh that was yummy" face. Chicken Curry. Oh my. I've had better chicken curry from a supermarket freezer. I hate saying that, because there were a lot of ingredients in there and I'm guessing it took some effort to make, it was just bad. I get the feeling it was close to something that could have been good, it just failed. The chicken and the entire dish, just came off as soggy and limp. Way too much yogurt! The sauce almost had the texture of ricotta. I like ricotta, but that's not what I'm looking for when I eat curry. The guys who ran the stand were into it, fast, and friendly. It was also super cheap(I think 7/8 dollars for the curry), so I didn't feel too wasteful giving it to my dogs. A star for that, but there's no way I would call this a 4 star place. I want to like it, so I'll give it another go at a later date and update my review if my opinion has changed.
This review is based purely on awesome limeade. One of the few vendors to be selling a cold drink during a hot day at the Farmers Market. It was a damn good Limeade. Food looked good I'll be back to try it if I can ever walk past Nighthawks.
Delicious, affordable, friendly. my favorite Indian food in the area (save Karavalli.) they do it right.  I've eaten it many times over many years, & enjoyed every second of it.  I can't for the life of me understand the single-star reviews. They're in the student Union 11-2:30 M-F year-round, and at the Troy Farmer's Market Saturdays 9-1.
They have (or used to have?) a counter in the RPI student union.   It got me addicted to vegetable pakoras with absurdly spicy mint chutney.  I don't go to RPI or live in that area anymore and I can't find anything nearly as good elsewhere.  In fact, food as a whole is now spoiled for me forever.  Don't let this happen to you.
The dosa which I buy every Saturday is quite something, as good as each dish they put into it, the beets especially. It may be the best dish I've ever tasted. There's one bad review here, not due to the restaurant by the difference in taste between the cooking and this diner. Some folks don;t like some foods with certain seasonings or sauces, though eating frozen dinner chicken curry may not help tastes develop. The padh pursued like manna from heaven at RPI is not my favorite dish of them all because I like it sweeter, likely inauthentic taste on my part for having eaten inauthentic Thai food elsewhere.
I have to give this place five stars just on the name. A must try!
Amazing Indian, and Thai food!  It's as authentic as it gets!
"This is the best food I've ever had at a wedding... actually, this might be the best food I've had ever." That's what a friend said of TMC's cooking at my outdoor wedding last year. We offered our guests two options, American (cheese burgers and various sides--which TMC cooked perfectly), and SE Asian: coconut prawn and chicken, pakoras, and lettuce wraps to start, pad thai as a main course. When we put the menu together TMC provided with us with lots options (which were super-tunable to special dietary needs), at a variety of prices, and let us decide what we wanted. They also coached me on all kind of details (like liquor licenses!) that I had completely neglected. Because the wedding was basically in the woods, Mike and Mike came for a site-visit to figure out what they would need to do in order to get set up, and on the day itself they executed flawlessly--the timing of courses was right on, the people they brought in to help serve were great, and the food was amazing. They are great people and a pleasure to work with, and the food was very affordable for such an all-around high-quality product. Can't praise them enough.
Must try!
I had to give these guys love. I have actually made trips to the farmers market specifically for his food. The masala dosa ( with 5 spice beets), pad thai, dumplings, and sticky rice are all must trys. I will return!
Best food @ RPI. Apparently my previous review was flagged by someone. If you have a brain, you will enjoy this place.
