My husband and I were married on a Saturday afternoon and were looking for a "post-wedding" hangout for our friends and family. My husband's family went here on the suggestion of our hotel and were settled in upstairs when we arrived with a few friends. When we asked if we could sit with our family upstairs, we were told that "service was closed" on the top floor. We explained politely that we knew our family was up there, as we had just spoken with them. The hostess (middle-aged, curly hair, black dress) got very snippy with us and looked aghast that we would even SUGGEST that there were people being seated up there. "I don't know what you're talking about, it's not my problem". We even tried explaining that we were just married and wanted to see our family. No-go, we weren't allowed up. Fine, we said we could then sit downstairs on our own, which was EMPTY. There were 8 of us, and they could have easily put two tables together to accommodate us. Apparently, that was too difficult, so we left and went down the street to the Irish-Mexican place that was great and very friendly. As a girl from upstate New York hosting visitors from Long Island and New York City, I was hoping that I could show them some "Upstate hospitality", and not be treated snootily with such scorn. Sadly, Browns Brewing could not provide this.
Why oh why did you change your menu soooo drastically? No more mozzarella stuffed bread or pasta w/ clams. Also, appears the batter for the o-rings and calamari has changed or it just wasn't cooked right b/c it was certainly sub-par to what I've had before there. Not to mention I don't think that the calamari was even finished cooking as it was just chewy and rubbery. The roasted mediterranean sandwich was ok...nothing to blow me over. Good thing for the garlic mayo to make up the flavor. For fresh veggies, no one particular flavor particularly popped in my mouth. Only good thing is that now you can get fries w/ your meal w/o that upcharge. My sister said her juicy lucy the burger itself ok, but the cheese not so good. The traditional juicy lucy is made w/ american cheese from my understanding and our experience....if you're going to change it, not something that tastes like blue cheese please. Beer pretzels though w/ a glass of summer ale....muah, perfecto as usual! Please please review the new menu and please make some changes!
They have the best microbrews in the area.  I'm a big fan of the cherry raspberry!!  The menu is also pretty good, in terms of pub food.  It's also a great view of the river if you're sitting outside.
Great food, great beer, awesome atmosphere.
Disclaimer: this review is mostly about the beer. Lets make this simple: Browns Brewing Co makes the BEST oatmeal stout I have had so far, and I have tried many different oatmeal stouts. The other beers they brew are also excellent. Honestly its just amazing that this place is in the capital region because it could go head to head with any brewery in this country. As for the brew pub, its just what it should be, the menu is appropriate for a brew pub with a wide selection of German and American food. If you cant make it to the restaurant go to Brewcrew and pick up a six pack, I promise you wont regret it.
Went here with the fam after telling them that I was in the mood for bar food. Had the fish and chips which was crispy and flavorful. The highlight however was the cherry raspberry ale which is similar to lambic kriek but without the heaviness. The flavor was fantastic and tasted very natural. I'd highly recommend that and the hefe-weizen.
I'm shocked that I'm rating this place so highly.  I waited for nearly two hours on a Friday night for a friend and enjoyed every bit of it.  I was watching the three flat screen tv's and listening to the music.  Great!  I didn't have anything to eat or drink until my friend arrived.  The Hefe-Weizen was delicious.  The chicken pot pie was really good, with lots of flavor, veggies and chicken.  The noise level is low to medium and I highly recommend this as an enjoyable meeting place to both eat and talk.
While I'm not a frequent drinker, I admire that Browns brews their own beer and I think it goes great with their menu.  I really dig pub food and enjoyed "Troy's best wings" during my first visit. Everyone else in my party enjoyed their food and drinks as well. A cool, laid back atmosphere, spacious, great place to kick it with friends for a bit.
We loved the vibe of this place.  the Cherry Wheat beer was tasty.  The atmosphere was jovial and the place was packed at 6pm on a weekend.  The food selection was expansive.  But when it came down to it, the food was just ok.  It had a very chain restaurant look and taste even though Brown's is not a chain.  Although the wings were somewhat tasty they were breaded.  we are not fans of breaded wings.  The nachos were huge and tasty but beyond the first layer of goodness we were left with a pile of naked chips.  We didn't have high hopes for the food since this is a brew pub but we at least expected the pub food to be very good.  It was just ok.  The beer and service was great though.
The beer at Brown's is as good as ever, but since they changed chefs a few months ago the food is terrible and overpriced. I've been to Brown's several times since the new chef, and the food is consistently bad. As an example, last night I went with a few others and we got the nachos to share: a middling-sized plate of tri-color chips with cheap nacho cheese sauce, olive slices, a few jalapeno slices, a few chunks of mushy tomato, salsa and sour cream. Those nachos cost $12.49. Absurd. I love Brown's beer, and that's the only reason they get two stars. For the food, I award them no points, and may God have mercy on their souls.
Beer snobs drool for Brown's. I've never tasted an IPA with smoother hops, or a stout with more chocolately chocolate. They're extremely skilled at beer, which is what a brewery is all about. Pricey, but delicious.
The beers are ok, but its too expensive to eat here.  The quality doesn't justify the price.
Definitely a Trojan institution; if you're stuck for a place to bring friends/family/visitors on just about any given night in the Collar City, bring 'em up to Brown's!  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing, the decor is charming, the back porch is a great place to hang out and watch the Hudson in the summer, and the food is consistently good.  The beer is quite nice as well, and the service is quite solid.  Really a great "default" setting for Troy food and booze; it's rare that anyone leaves disappointed.
I'm not too fond of the kitschy decor, but the place knows how to make a good beer and on-par food.  I had the Vegetarian burger, which, by the way, was above-and-beyond my expectations for "bar food."  Most of the other food was good, but nothing spectacular.  The service was a little spotty, but it wasn't terrible by any means.  If you bring the right company, you'll have a good time here.  If you have a thirst for beer, then by all means trek yourself down here and have a few rounds before stumbling back up the hill to RPI.
We must have gone on a bad night.  I wish I had a better experience  To start, the service was... a mess.  It was a Sunday afternoon and they were busy but it was just ridiculous.  The good news:  most of the food we received was good but half of our party of 4 wasn't at all impressed with their dishes or didn't receive theirs. Also, the manager was quick to apologize and make up for the many mistakes with 2 rounds of free drinks and free appetizers.   However,  we waited 20 minutes for our drinks and the second round we ordered never even made it to the table until the manager was told, even after reminding the water TWICE and asking another to get them. We waited another 40 minutes for any food and then our entrees came out literally 3 minutes after our salads and appetizers. The runner was short one entree and one appetizer.  When she got our waiter we were told that my friend's order, which the waiter seemed to have forgotten he had just taken, was never even placed in the kitchen. so we had to wait another 20 minutes for that.   Our app had been given to another table. Along with our drinks we suspected.   So we were given two for free appetizers along with the one we had received. The manager explained it all as a miscommunication and that our waiter was working with a table of 30 at the same time.  I'm sure they had a great time and their review will be better than ours. My boyfriend bought a growler though which he uses religiously up here at Savemore so I guess one good thing came out of it.   I'm from Troy and I've had good experiences at the taproom before but it was a first time for the people I was with and we were not impressed.  We'll go back tho, why not?
Get the large beer sampler paddle. Not every beer is for everybody, this way you will know what you like when you return. Browns is at the heart of one of the most active nightlife's in Troy, with the River Street Cafe, Ryans Wake, Jose Malone's and Revolution Hall on the same block.  Food is quite good, not "usual bar fare".  Service is usually quick and professional, and the deck during the summer is a premier place in Troy.
Love this place - great beer and a good vibe, pretty much the best of its kind in the area. Even the food is well done, and not too pricey...its the rare brewpub that has decent vegetarian options, and this place certainly does!
So checked out Browns on Sunday and was pleasantly surprised.  After getting only lackluster service from the Pump Station in Albany, I figured on trying a new place.  So sampled through six beers: Pilsner, Hefeweizen, E.S.B, I.P.A, Stout and Whiskey Porter.  They were all outstanding, even the Pilsner which most breweries cannot really pull off.  I had chicken wings too, they were good.  Got mild to test them and they still had a little spice.  The barback was friendly and entertaining.  The first bartender, a young woman, was not very attentive.  I waited about 20 minutes for the check before the second bartender finally came to work and noticed me sitting there.  I'm definately going back but now I know what time to go.
Brown's is more than a watering hole in Troy -- It's more of a staple of staple of Capital Region culture. Good food, great brew and a gorgeous exposed brick interior make Brown's the perfect venue no matter the occasion.
I've been here a handful of times over the past 8 yrs, & it is predictably underwhelming, if not just plain awful.  It's dark & loud.  The food & service are terrible, & I don't drink beer.  Thus, I will never go here again under any circumstances.  I will put my foot down, NOPE, not setting foot.  There are plenty of good places in Troy with nice service & yummy food.
I've been a regular there for years and years.  The beer and food is very good, but nothing is amazing ( except, maybe, the french fries ). Unfortunately, on several occasions the waitstaff ( or the management ) have caused strange situations.  My friends tell me I'm not the only one with strange stories.  On several occasions the wait staff has crossed lines of restaurant decency.  Nastiness, ridiculous requests, and incredible wait-times.  In all seriousness I've told myself that I'm never going back on more than one occasion.  I've never had this reaction to a restaurant before.  But, sadly, they fill a niche, they have a nice deck, and I love beer. An example: Late night in troy.  I'm walking out of ryan's wake.  As I'm walking by the parking lot I hear the sound of a car speeding towards me.  Startled, I turn to watch it skid to a stop a few feet from where I was standing.  The driver is red faced and laughing.  The passenger leans out the window:  "NIce sweater, FAG!!!!  WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING!"  Then, she tries to get out of the car, but the driver holds her back. The (way too coked up?) passenger is (was) one of the main wait staff at browns.
Browns is easily the best brew pub experience in the area.  The architecture is great with the full brewery in view of the bar (behind glass).  I have to say, I've been going to Browns ever since the early 90s.  The beer is really good, always fresh and they have a wide selection.  I haven't had a sampler lately, but I know you can get a taste of all their beers for a reasonable cost.  The burgers are always good, and the steaks are great.  Two things I like ... the smokestack wrap (a "day after thanksgiving" warm and in a wrap) and the "best of the wurst" (local sausages in beer with krauts and mustard).  It can be a bit noisy but you can always go out on the deck or upstairs.  Its large enough that even unruly kids don't get in other patron's way of having a nice beer with a meal.  Browns, DeFazio's (Brick Oven Pizza) and Plum Blossom (Chinese) are my 3 "go to" places in troy.
Being a beer connoisseur NOT, I am hardly equipped to comment on the beer - other than I like the Pilsner, and my other loves the Oatmeal Stout. The samplers strike me as a great treat for brew enthusiasts. It is close to home and will do in a pinch, but the food is hardly stellar. It gets very loud in the bar area, and the sound travels.They make lousy mixed drinks. Contrary to several reviews, we have always had friendly service, and usually fairly quick. The burgers are probably your best bet, and I also like the mini steak sliders. Salads look good, and are plentiful, but I don't think they make their own dressing. Freshness of ingredients seems to depend on what night you hit this place. Fish fry (from frozen fish) is very salty, but not greasy. Why can't restaurants around here flour and fry fresh onion rings instead of relying on frozen beer battered? They are awful! My husband likes the pulled pork sandwich (I think it looks gross) and he loves shepherds pie, so there you go.The Porter cake is good when it is fresh, though I wish they served it at room temperature.  Why do we come return time and again? Because I LOVE dining al fresco, and their river view patio is hard to beat. That's why.
I downgrade my score of Browns to a  2 - and the 2 is because it used to be so good and i am hoping it will return to its previous greatness. I went for dinner there the other night, and to start with the menu has changed. I am all for a good menu change every so often, but I was quite disappointed to see my favorite item - mozzarella sticks (which really were bread sticks with mozzarella in them and were so delicious). However, I did see quite a few additions that looked decent and decided to try them out. I ordered for an appetizer, loaded nachos, and ordered the smaller portion. When I got it, it was enormous, but I am sure it is meant to be shared, so no big deal. Well I begin to eat it and the cheese has been so melted onto the nachos that it has become crusty, not melty like it should be. This over melting made the taste a bit unbearable and the texture disgusting. I ordered for my meal a juicy lucy - another new item on the menu, and ever since I first heard about juicy lucys on Food Network I have been obsessed. The cheese inside the burger was all wrong for the burger in my opinion, and again it was a matter of texture to me. A regular cheddar would have been great in it, but whatever this kind of cheddar, if it even was cheddar, just made my stomach turn. In any event, I was very disappointed this time around, and I hope that things improve because I had such a love before for Browns.
Good, solid pub food and drinks. Some upscale options and a great socializing atmosphere. Parking sucks, and it's a bit loud. Otherwise, I've always had really good food and service, and wouldn't hesitate to go back.
I don't drink beer, but Brown's does serve its own root beer, so I was content.  The highlight of the food was the chicken wings appetizer.  Good burger, too.
Brewpubs can be hit or miss with their food.  Often the beer is good and the food is crap or vice-versa.  Brown's Brewing is somewhere in the middle for me:  their food is slightly above average and their beer is about average.   I like good beer and none of their home-brewed selections is a real favorite of mine - many of them are good enough, but not great.  The ambiance of the restaurant is nice, with a big bar and live music on weekends.  The menu offers a nice variety of American foods, including a few vegetarian and even vegan choices, all made with high-quality ingredients.  I've been going to this place for years and many times I leave having enjoyed my evening, but wishing it was just a little bit better.
We've been back to Browns several times since my last review and I still feel meh about the food, but my opinion of the beer has now changed. I would not go back to Browns to drink their beer. The last few times we've gone we've been totally unimpressed by the quality. Sorry Browns.
The beer is good.  The food is ok.  Combine the two with a great atmosphere and you'll have a pretty good time.
I have been to Browns several times and I love the beer, the Cherry Raspberry beer is my fav. Every meal I have had I loved, one of the fav meals is the french dip but the burger are also amazing. No matter what you order you can not go wrong.
Tasty beer (I got the 8-sample log), although I was a bit disappointed in the cherry-raspberry ale.  The whiskey porter was pretty awesome.  The jambalaya was pretty good also, although I'm not able to vouch for its authenticity.  Chicken wings - they get a grade of A.  I'd go back on a future trip to the area.  Nice view of the river doesn't hurt matters much either.  We were also there the first day of a new menu, so it'll likely get better.  And it's already pretty good.
Good local brewery in downtown Troy. Lots of good beers and good menu.
pretty good all around.  Disappointed Rev Hall is closed (at least for music) though, but I get it... wedding parties make more money than hippie jam band shows!
I had the pretzel and cheese dip and it was the most amazing thing ever!! The burger I had for dinner was also very good. The beer was tasty as well.I would recommend this restaurant.
The beer is good, but to my surprise, the only one that blew me away was the pilsner.  The food is pretty decent.  I had the wings which were lightly breaded and unevenly doused in hot sauce.  They were big and meaty and well-cooked, but I usually like them swimming in buffalo sauce.  It was accompanied by a really delicious bleu cheese dressing with big chunks of bleu cheese in what tasted more like sour cream than a creamy dressing base.  Also had the pulled pork sandwich which was OK, except for that it was covered in cheddar cheese and the BBQ sauce was only added as a condiment, like ketchup on a burger.  Great atmosphere, but the service and clientele leaves something to be desired, but maybe that's just me coming from the midwest...
Great beer, great outdoor patio with river views :)
Had the French Dip sandwich - absolutely incredible. They load up the sandwich with a bunch of meat and caramelized onions, and melt provolone over the top of everything. Not easy to eat without making a mess, but definitely delicious. It did take a while to prepare the food, but I suppose that's to be expected when they're totally packed at 6PM on a Saturday night.
Definitely the place to go in Troy.  Great burgers, sandwiches, and entrees (the fish and chips are my absolute favorite), but the beer is as good as it gets. Nothing better than a Brown's burger, a couple of beers, a few friends, and a relaxing dinner out on the deck overlooking the Hudson (not a great view, but who's complaining?).
Beer was very very standard and lacked that something special you find in most microbrews. Service was good. Food was good.
Building is an amazing refurbished piece of history with exposed brick and neat furniture. I'm a huge fan of microbreweries so I had the house Pilsner. Fairly hoppy, more than I usually like but the brown ale was great. Mussels weren't great, the spice was surprising and the toast was burnt. The totellini dish was amazing, and my parents liked the turkey chili and reuben but weren't overwhelmed. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake. Good, but nothing special. Overall, a decent dinner for a good price in a very cool atmosphere.
I have had a several year love affair with Brown's. I am always drawn to it for the quality of food and the amazing beer. I come back all summer for the beautiful deck overlooking the river. The Taproom will always feel like a second home. Try the Cherry Raspberry BBQ wings, Portabella fries, or soft pretzels. Why not five stars, you ask? The service from the waitstaff can be pretty appalling. I have definitely waited over an hour for food, been forgotten for long periods of time. Lucky for them, I remain loyal. There's still nowhere else is rather be.
My family and I go here maybe once a month. Very good food and the service has never been bad. Usually, a younger college age staff or so it seems to me. Always pleasant and efficient. The food is average to high average...but  the BEER!! They have a great selection of their own brews...which are outstanding  and seasonal. And the inside of the building is very cool-retro...and in the summer the deck is top-notch.
I recently visited Browns when I flew up to NY for a job interview with Global Foundries. Between the interview ending and my flight leaving, I had six hours to kill, so I spent two of them getting my favorite cherry-raspberry ale at Browns along with an order of fried calamari. I won't comment on the service because I was sitting at the bar and didn't have need for a full-service person. I've noticed that the menu has changed significantly since I graduated RPI three years ago, and most notably the prices have skyrocketed. I'm aware of this concept called inflation, but $12 for calamari that isn't fresh and $5.25 for a pint of beer are beyond the limits of reason. Perusing the menu I saw $11-14 prices for basic sandwiches and burgers, which even in NY is asinine. I may return to Browns after I begin the new job, but they need to slash their prices first.
The Uncle Sam Burger with Brewer's Fries combination was excellent.  The mushroom and onion topping was cooked such that it was not mushy nor overwhelmingly saucy or sweet.  The serving staff was highly attentive. There are a variety of seating arrangements available depending on what you want -- from outside river front patio to upholstered benches inside.  Parking is easy in the evening due to a lot near by.
The food is great, but the service is absolutely horrendous.  I've been there twice, the first time the service is decent, but the last time i went there, it was awful.  The server's name was Amy, and if she's your server, I'd recommend requesting to sit in another section.  There were three of us that had to share the same water glass because she kept forgetting to bring us another. As for the food though, it was great.  I'd recommend the onion rings.  They're unbelievably good.
Oktoberfest is terrific. Nachos and pulled pork are excellent. Might give it 4.5 stars but other complaints seem over done. Place is crowded because it is a fun hip place to hang out and have a beer. They also have free wifi. :)
I think it's silly that so many of the reviews are on the food.... this is a brewpub. They brew their own beer and serve it there. I enjoy some of the food at times but really the main reason anyone should go to Brown's is for the beer. The food is OK but it's really just there to compliment the beer which it does well on most occaisions, but don't go here expecting food to be the primary draw...
My favorite beer can be found at Brown's in Troy.  Large selection of their own microbrewed beers.  Such a large variety, there's something for everyone.  Most are $4-5 for a pint.  The paddle of 6 is great if you don't know what to get.  My favorites are the oatmeal stout, the porter, and the whiskey porter, but it's all a matter of personal preference.  Seasonals are good too.   The food is great too.  Good burgers, wings, sandwiches, etc.  Never really had a bad meal there, and been there many times.   Only complaint is it often gets crowded.  Especially after RPI hockey games.  If you have a large group you may wait a bit.  Worth the wait though.
Crowded and awesome. Just imagine TGI's food, better prepared with a cold microbrew.
We like Brown's. Some of the waitresses suck, but 90% of the time the service is good. The Brown Ale is delicious. Some of the beers are too hoppy. The wings, portabello fries (no longer on the menu), and fries are very good. Burgers are ok.
Beer so so except Barky taste of the pilsner was nasty. Bar smells of dirty mops Food was mediocre at best.
I've eaten here probably 30 times in the last 3 years. The food is always excellent, but the service has gone downhill lately. I will continue to come here because I really like the beer and the fact that we can fill up our growlers. If you want to eat within a reasonable amount of time, do NOT come here during dinner time on a weekend.
What a fun brew pub! The beer is awesome and the food is yummy, affordable, and comes in large portions. The nachos hit the spot. The ambiance is fun both inside and out on the patio.
good beer
Do not get the salmon burger, yuck! The beer as always is good.
Great place. Comfortable environment, great beer, awesome menu. All of the food I have ever gotten here has been phenomenal although once I tried their Veggie Black Bean sandwich, I can't get myself to have anything else. it is DELICIOUS!!!
A trip to Brown's is definitely more about the beer than the food!  Not that the food is bad (the typical "bar food" you'd expect....burgers, sandwiches, nachos, etc), but the beer is AMAZING.  My favorite is the cherry raspberry ale, and although I usually don't like darker beers I love the oatmeal stout too.  As a vegetarian, there isn't too much on the menu to choose from; the black bean burger was OK (kind of dry and not especially tasty), I'd go with the Mediterranean sandwich instead.  The only other vegetarian friendly entree I can remember from the menu was a salad with tofu steak but I haven't tried it.  If your in the area Brown's is worth a stop!
Stopped in for a beer.  Sat on the patio and had an insipid porter and a bland IPA.  The wafting stench from something that must have been dead and rotting on the river bank below didn't help.  Beer reminded me of what you'd get at a "brewpub" run by AB or CoorsMolson.
Good brew pub.  Tried the Brown Ale and the Whiskey Barrel Porter (think that is the name).  The Porter was pretty good, the Brown Ale needs a little work, but was enjoyable none the less.  Atmosphere is pure brew pub.  Good variety on the menu and the food was good. Will definitely head back again when in the Albany area.
Stopped by for dinner last Saturday for a burger. Definitely do NOT recommend going between 5-7 on the weekend without a reservation. We waited nearly an hour for a table. When we got a table we ordered our burgers and they came quickly and cooked perfect! The fries were  overdone and super greasy so I would probably substitute for something else next time but we came for the burger anyways. Service was excellent and each burger was under $10. My husband got one of the microbrews, an oatmeal stout and can't stop talking about how good it was. Good food at a cute location, just don't go on the weekend if you don't want to wait!! The spinach artichoke dip was also yummy!
The Hickory Burger is by far my favorite burger in the capital region and their french fries are amazing too.  If pub fare isnt your thing they have some more upscale menu options as well, but if you're like me I highly recommend any of their burgers.
That is too bad quite a few people recent did not have a good experience. I would give Browns five stars, but there was a bit too much sauce on the ravioli. Let me back track first. We drove into Troy late Sunday afternoon/night and drove around looking for some place to eat. We checked Yelp and found Dinosaur BBQ. We drove by Browns which looked very cool and found the parking lot full at Dinosaur BBQ. Yelp gave them both the same number of stars, so we checked the websites. Browns won. It was not too crowded and we were seated right away on the second floor overlooking the bar. Our waiter was friendly, fast, and took a lot of care to make sure everything was going well. I ordered a flight of 8 since there were so many different beer to chose from. The seasonal pumpkin won for a full pint in the end. I ordered the squash and walnut (?) ravioli and it was fantastic. My wife ordered the salad and that too was really good. Too much for her to finish. The shirts, baseball caps, and glasses for sale it must be quite popular. You can get beer to go as well. Wonderful!
My last review (1 star) was incredibly old and I have since tried Brown's once again, and I am actually surprised to say that I am back on good terms with them. The new menu is actually pretty good and the service has been pretty solid lately.. the pot pie was tasty and i really liked the chicken fingers, went back and got the jucy lucy (burger with boursin cheese inside) and definitely liked it. Burger was a tad small but still tasty.
it's a good place for friends get together. the food is just ok
Good local brewery. Dinner is pretty pricey for the quality and so is the beer; that being said decent food all around. They have a free trivia night every Monday at 7:30, which is a pretty good time. If your here to drink, be sure to invest in a paddle and sample all of the pubs home brewed craft.
I can't really comment on the food. The beer here is fantastic. The IPA and the Pale ale are really good, if you like those. The pilsner is a little lemony but hoppier than usual pilsners.
If you like microbrews, you'll love Brown's. Good to great food to go with some terrific beers. They have some great stouts and porters. Comfortable atmosphere, half of the crowd is students with the rest a mix of townies and the occasional family.
great beer..lousy service..beer food
The food at Brown's is ALWAYS delicious, and so too is the beer. The service has gone seriously downhill and may leave you waiting an hour for your food, or even for a waitress. I have had some pretty poor experiences when it comes to the service but I keep going back because I love the beer and the atmosphere.
On a whim my wife and I decided to go to the tap room.  We arrived about 630 in the evening and were promptly seated.  It was a Saturday night.  Our waitress, Katie, was warm and friendly and not overbearing.  I ordered one of the beers of the day a blonde Belgium ale.  We decided on dinner quickly ordering two appetizers and a Cobb salad.  The appetizers were the fried calamari, and the chicken Spiedies.  The calamari was tender and fried to perfection.  We had never had the chicken before but found it quite tasty and we enjoyed the yogurt sauce very much.  We ordered the balsamic vinaigrette with the Cobb salad.  The vinaigrette needs some work.  The salad itself was excellent except for one thing: the avocado was guacamole purée and we would have preferred fresh avocado slices.  The purée was not very good either.  Of course, these are questions of personal preference.  We sat outside the seating was excellent the weather was perfect over all a wonderful dining experience which we will definitely enjoy again.
Brown's is a great place to go for a decent meal and a cold beer. They offer a few varieties of burgers of which I have tried two. I have tried the Trojan burger and a bacon cheeseburger. The burgers are thick juicy and delicious. They also have grey onion rings and sweet potato fries. The onion rings were perfectly cooked to be crisp and easy to bite into without pulling the batter off. Brown's is also a brewery and offers a few craft beers. They are known for their cherry raspberry ale which is quite good. I also find the oatmeal stout to be decent, although I'm not much of a craft beer fan. The wait staff is also very attentive and polite. I had no problems asking for drinks or  giving my order. The restaurant consists of two stories with a patio for outdoor seating. They also offer trivia night sometimes. I highly encourage beer fans and general pub food fans to give Brown's a try.
After moving to Troy, Brown's became go-to restaurant for delicious, reasonably priced food and fantastic beers.  After a while, and a change in head chef, the service just got a tad bit slower.  The food is still very good, but this last time I was there they gave me a different burger then what was ordered.  I am bummed out about  giving only 3-stars because for nearly 5 months Brown's was a great spot for reliable food, service, and brews.  It's just the last few times I have gone they've been inconsistent (except for the beers, the beers are still prime). I am not giving up on this place, so it is definitely worth checking out.  I just want that consistency back.  If some Brown's authority is reading this review, please change my mind to give you more stars.
Browns is in an area of Troy that seems to be on the way up, so it's absolutely worth checking out. The restaurant is massive, and has a upstairs and main floor dining, a huge main floor bar, and plenty of outdoor seating + a bar. The food is great and some of the dishes have their beers in the sauce, but of course you come to a Taproom for the drinkable beer. Being a hops guy/IPA fan, there isn't too much to my palate. Regardless, I come here for their other excellent brews. Their Oatmeal Stout is absolutely fantastic. The other beers are all at least average-very good, so you can't really go too wrong with a Browns beer.
Browns is definitely one of the best places to go in troy. I haven't had anything that I didn't like here. My favorite burger is el hombre which has jalepenos on it for a little kick. It's my favorite by far. The Mac and cheese is also delicious along with the spinach artichoke dip. I would recommend this to everyone and I have taken everyone that visits to this place!
I came here with a couple friends on a Thursday night. We arrived at around 7:15 and were seated at one of the few tables left in the establishment. Having heard great things about Brown's from coworkers and locals I assumed I was in for a treat. Upon walking in I felt like I as going to fall in love with the place. It was incredibly busy, but it felt comfortable and not overwhelming at all. We were seated upstairs, and quickly placed an order for drinks and burgers. It was at this point that everything went south. There was a large party to our right, so it may have had something to do with it, but our food took 1hr and 10 min to arrive. In addition, the incredibly inattentive and unprofessional waiter never paid us much attention, as there was a female coworker he would rather chat with by the cash register. Beers had been finished and we sat hoping that he would take an order for a second beer, but the offer never came. Food was alright, nothing to write home about. Two of the three burgers were not cooked as ordered, but not terribly far off. It took until around half way through my burger until I hit the little pile of mushrooms that I was really looking forward to. Overall, not bad, but again nothing I'd care to eat again. As an aside, the fries that come with the burgers are garbage. Perhaps there are other options that are more tolerable? Not sure on that one. It may have been one of those situations where you get yourself all excited to try a great place and then it can't possibly live up to expectations, but I know for a fact I'm never going there again. It's a shame really, because with some professional staff it could be quite the gem.
So. To start.. The Reuben needs improvement. Just not put together very well.. I've had better. Besides the Reuben, Everything is great at Brown's. Their beer is delicious, their atmosphere is great and the service is awesome. Claudia, our server was pretty busy but she handled it very well. She was attentive but not over bearing and our water and beer were always filled. We will be coming back and requesting her every time. The prices of the food were average but the portions were sufficient for the price. To end, improve that Reuben please!!!
They must be hurting for cash after building that new brewery of theirs.  We have been going to Browns for years, it is one of the safest bets for a great meal in the area.  We decided to celebrate something and go to Brown's last night for dinner. We went with three sure things, the Uncle Sam burger, pulled pork sandwich and chicken tenders (for my 2 year old). Well lets start with the chicken tenders: Burnt.  You needed an axe to cut through them, we sent them back.  (Fries were burnt too).  Waitress said that there was a shift change, alluding to the fact that they we forgotten about in the fryer. Uncle Sam Burger:  Wow, how the mighty has fallen.  I will just say that the bacon was the type you buy that is pre-cooked and you simply microwave.  It has zero flavor and had those little ripples along it, you know what I am talking about.   What a disgrace.  The burger was ordered medium and came out well done.  It was sent back.  The next "medium" that was to replace it was raw in the middle.  Ugh. Pulled pork: This used to be a 6 inch hoagie with cheddar cheese and their awesome cherry razz sauce on top.  Now it comes on a hamburger bun, of which the bottom bun was already soup when it came to the table thanks to the glop of cole slaw on top.  The sandwich was taller than it was wide.  It fell to pieces when I went to eat it because as I said the bottom bun was the consistency of oatmeal.  The pork was dry, and was dying for more sauce.  Our sweet potato fries came with an orange sauce that had no flavor apart from being overly spicy.   The only redeeming factor of our dinner was the brown ale, which is the only thing I will ever order here again... fake bacon... ugh!
Food is great. Beers are great. Had the hickory chicken sandwich and it was terrific. Highly recommended this place.
I've been to Browns several times. They have made some changes to their menu and they are unimpressive. They used to have an ahi tuna and wasabi risotto dish that was to die for....they took it off the menu. I was there the other night and literally had to settle for something on the menu to eat since not one thing sounded appetizing. The menu selection is sub par. I have not had their wings but my regular dinner companion for this place says they are some of the best and there are lots of unique flavor options to choose from. And the very best thing about Browns....they carry Salmon Run Reisling!! That in itself will keep it on my list of options to have a few big kid drinks after work. The outdoor seating is fine unless you arrive near sunset....its blinding.
Sadly, I'm disappointed by another brewery. Not for the beer though. The beer is great but the food was below average. I had an entree and the salad was very basic with some sad looking greens. The honey mustard dressing was delicious, I ate the dressing by itself. I had the Brown's Porter Shepherd's Pie. I didn't see any gravy, the meat was overcooked, and overall it was not seasoned well. I couldn't even detect the porter that was supposed to be used in braising the beef. I expect more from a restaurant. I could have whipped up something like this at home and also seasoned it properly. My recommendation: Go for the beer, eat somewhere else.
I went to Brown's last night for dinner. My husband and I got the clams for an appetizer which were okay but definitely not spectaculor. I have always been a huge fan of their chicken tenders and especially their different sauces, so I got those. The chicken tenders they brought out looked and smelled like cheap Banquet brand chicken tenders you get from the grocery store. SO disappointing. Finnbars (also in Troy) has delicious chicken tenders which remind me of Browns before they changed their recipe. And charging 10.99 for obviously frozen chicken tenders is sad. The Cherry BBQ dipping sauce has also gone down in quality, it was waterly and lacked any "cherry" flavor. I also got sweet potato fries that came with a good sauce so that was a plus. My husband got the Trojan burger which was decent but nothing worth praising. I used to be a big fan of Browns, but the quality has gown down over the years  and I will not be returning.
Brown's is a must visit if you are in the Albany/Troy are. Seriously. Let's start by saying that I love a good brew pub, especially if said brew pub makes quality beer. Brown's does just that, and with a seriously innovative line up to boot. I started with the raspberry cheery beer (I'm a sucker for a framboise lambic), light and sweet a great place to start. Next up was the nut brown ale, absolutely one if the best browns I've had in a while, smokey and rich just like a brown ale should be. We moved on to the pale ale and the IPA, which were ok but not as flavorful as the brown ale or the raspberry. That's as far as we got with the beer, I'll absolutely have to come back to try some of the other craft brews this place has to offer up. Moving on the the food and ambiance. The blu burger was OK, nothing too innovative but got the job done. I'm not a wing guy, but they looked pretty epic, will have to give them a go the next time I come. Ambiance; the place was PACKED, granted it was a Saturday night. My local friends said it was alway like that, I completely believe it. This would absolutely be my local place if I lived up here. As packed as it was, they got us seated quickly. The rounds did take a while as did the food, but it was worth the wait in the end. All in all, I'd come back for the brews, not the food. I'd be supper happy if we had a place like this in the city, here's looking at you Brooklyn brewery, get to cooking (but maybe make the food a little more creative than brown's)
We had a great time at Brown's, had delicious beer and an awesome server.  We only ordered pretzels and wings, but both were tasty. The entire staff was terrific with our toddler. Loved the view from the back patio, although we had to move inside when a huge storm came. Would have preferred to stay outside as the music selection was terrible. We'll definitely be back!
Love the multiple craft beers that they brew and serve here.  You can buy growlers also, of which I own 2, which are great for bringing some of their great beers home.  Only downside is that it is usually pretty busy and a long wait to get a table, so plan ahead of time.
The Burgers were excellent as were the sweet potato fries. We started with the Calamari and a Spinach Artichoke dip and both were below average and  not very palatable. Their home Beers were good but not great to boot. Our woman server was not very knowledgable about the menu and she seemed to not want to be there even tho it was quite slow inside of patrons. The average diner would most likely be happy but we are very seasoned traveling diners and Browns would not be a choice for a revisit.
So anyone from the old days remember the head chef Tina? Dude, she was dy no mite. The food is still good, service is to notch. But the menu is boring.the variety isn't there. A burger,a salad or an entree which is predictable. I cannot stress enough how great and friendly the service is, just wish the menu reflected more fun and experimentation and crazy flavors. Can't be a semi chic brew pub.all in or all out.last vestige for those hanging on to college,.come on browns, wow me with palate enriching love
Not being originally from the area, I wasn't sure what Troy had in store for me in terms of dining. But after trying the food for the first time, I was HOOKED. When I have friends & family come visit from out of town, this is the # 1 place I bring them. I love the outside dining & atmosphere in the summer especially when they have live music. The reason I  didn't give this rating 5 stars is because the service could be faster in terms of getting our food & drinks but because the food is delicious & it's such a fun place to be, I'd recommend this restaurant to ANYONE.
best brew pub in the greater capital region. they have the capacity to brew great beer and have it in stock and also serve great food. indoor and out door seating. never too loud to enjoy a beer and a great meal.
Awesome menu and great beer. Nice waitress and friendly service. Couldn't even decide what to order because everything sounded so good, but I can't wait to go back and try the mac and cheese with crushed cheetos on top. brilliant!
Beer has been less than stellar for a while now; only a couple of their brews are really drinkable as far as I'm concerned.  The food can be very good but is hit-or-miss both across the menu and on a day-to-day basis.  And wait service is generally atrocious (bar service is good though).   Have been to several catered events there, ranging from standard/adequate to relatively appalling on both food and service fronts.   Brown's (or Troy Brew Pub at the time) used to be a favorite, but one or a combination of my standards increasing, the quality dropping, or the availability of good alternatives has changed that.  Whenever a group suggests we head to Brown's these days I am eager to steer us elsewhere; their biggest redeeming feature is the outdoor seating.
Browns has a great selection of beers which they brew themselves and a great location along the river in Troy. Our meals here were fairly good as well - we got the buffalo chicken dip to start which was not quite what we expected, but still good. For our meals we all got the burgers. Mine was fairly good - but the star of my dinner was the sweet potato fries with the spicy dipping sauce. I probably could have just had a HUGE plate of them for dinner and been happy. Overall I did enjoy this place. They have a good atmosphere and good beer. I will be back again soon!
I've always had a soft spot for this place. The first time I "crossed the river" when I moved to the area was to go to a show at Rev Hall and have dinner at Brown's. I fell in love with Troy at that moment, ignoring the ridicule from the Troy haters I was with. Over the years I moved closer and closer to Troy until I finally landed. This is such an easy place to go so I've been there oh so many times.   It's open on Sunday, it's large and they have a patio. It just keeps going farther into the meeehhhh hole. There are a couple awesome bartenders but the ones that keep coming in are..not awesome.  Not friendly with a weak pour. The food it okay.   It's not bad, it's not great.  I've had or sampled almost everything on the menu and I don't even have a favorite plate. The beer is hit or miss.  I will admit, I'm a sucker for the cherry raspberry but I DON'T call it cherry razz. It's still a good spot to go with a mixed crowd.   They have something for everyone.   I've held off on this review for so long but here it is.
I went to college in the area, so I've seen Brown's menu/service change for the past few years over the several times I have been there. The wings and beer are good consistently. I used to order the pulled pork, but strayed away from that after the serving size got smaller. My friend and I made the mistake of trying the nuclear mac and cheese, as neither of us were able to handle the heat, but it would be a good choice for those who love that kind of stuff. The atmosphere is casual. The place tends to get crazy busy at random hours, and with its inconsistencies in food quality, it's a turn off to wait that long to be seated. Service depends on your server - I've had excellent, attentive servers at times, and other times, I've waited great stretches of time between ordering, the food, and the staff checking up on the table. Worth a try if you are in the area and like beer, but there are plenty of other choices nearby.
Great find if you love local crafts brews. Always a tremendous variety of their own brews on tap along with rotating seasonal. Always ask if they have Whiskey Barrel Porter, if you are a fan of porters this will too the charts. If fruity beer is your liking try the Raspberry Cherry Ale also very nice. Their food is also very good and is wide ranging in variety. Their wings are very underrated for the area and the rest if their food is great. This place is getting added to my list of regular stops!
Awesome IPA.. Great burger and fries.  The atmosphere is great.  Very comfortable.  Ashely was terrrific bartender and handles a very large area very well and efficient.  Will definitely be back.
Give it a try!
Brown's is a great casual datenight or friendly gathering place. There's a variety of beer. I'm not a huge beer drinking, but I like the rasberry wheat. My boyfriend, who is a big beer drinker, likes the oatmeal stout. The menu doesn't have a whole lot of options that I love, especially because I'm not a big sandwich or burger person. I started to get tired of the pasta and branched out to try the Nuclear Mac and Cheese. OMG. Yes, it's spicy but it's SO good. I was only able to eat a few bites due to the spice, but I took it home and ate small portions for the next three meal straight, including breakfast. It's. so. delicious. The bar area is a little crowded on Friday nights, but fine if you don't mine standing for a while. The service is usually very good and the staff is always friendly.
Good food, good selection, fun atmosphere.
Six in our group. All agreed that the beer wasn't cold enough. The American Wheat tasted like the line was dirty. Three entrees were room temperature cold. Service was fair at best. Another reviewer said it best, very inconsistent.
I've been here many times and everyone is always pleased - and often blown away -by how deleicious our meals are. You can't go wrong with the hickory chicken sandwich. It's so good you won't be able to keep yourself from telling everyone you know to try it!
Before I knew much about beer or had been out many places, I went to Brown's and thought it was the greatest place on earth.  But now that I've been around a bit and craft beer/"fancier" pub food is becoming so widespread, I have come to realize that Brown's is nothing special, certainly not a beer destination.   Overall it's not an unpleasant place to be.  Service is usually pretty good, they host a lot of special events, and sometimes there's live music.  The beer tastes like the lines haven't been cleaned very well and none of the brews are anything special.  The food is decent pub food, can be a bit greasy, pretty big menu.  Nice patio area with tables and fairy lights facing the river, worth having a sit in summer.
What a gem to find in the area.  Very similar to the Albany Pump Station, but, better.  The beer tastes better, and the food is similar or the same pending on what you get.  Went with my old college roommate while visiting, and really enjoyed it.  The nachos are enormous, we didn't finish them, and that RARELY happens for me.  They could have been a little better, lacked some toppings considering how much was there, but the chips held up after time, which is always a big plus.  We both ended up ordering a burger, and they were pretty good, and the fries were good.   Worth stopping by if in the area.
This is like the go-to place in troy for decent food and amazing beer. Their Chicken Spiedies  and wings are great. The cherry raspberry ale and the IPA are must haves.
Like most of these reviews agree, the service is not very good.  We've been there twice and found the food average, but over priced for the quality.  The veer is very average for a microbrewery, as well.
Everything is great. Beer rocks. Food is delicious.
Brows Brewing Company is an excellent brewpub with great beer and awesome food! In regards to beer, the samples are well priced and you get all of them except for one. I ordered the Brown Ale and Oatmeal Stout. Both were very good, especially the Oatmeal Stout with my dinner entree. For appetizers, got to try some of the food which others at the table had ordered. We all agreed the Buffalo Chicken Dip was phenomenal! When we ran out of tortilla chips, the waitress was nice enough to bring us some more for the dip after being nicely prompted. Chicken Wings are a definite bargain! Lots of meat on them and you get a lot of them. Highly recommend the mixed sauce which is BBQ and hot sauce. It has a local name which I forget. These wings can probably be eaten as a meal if you are not sharing. The dinner entree that I ordered was Whiskey Porter Short Ribs. The entree came with a few courses. A Brewer's Grain Roll with delicious butter (with rosemary) was served with a pub salad. There are a few dressing options and I found the garlic was delicious. The short ribs themselves were a bit small for the price but the flavour was really good. This was served atop Cheddar Roasted Garlic Mashed and Fried Green Beans. Both of these accompaniments  were quite good. I highly recommend asking for Chipotle Ketchup for the Fried Green Beans. Water service was probably one of the best I have ever had. Also, I was asked if I wanted another beer at the perfect time, just as I finished and was contemplating another. Finally, while you wait there is a nice game room upstairs with electronic darts and a few other arcade type games. (Bring quarters.) I was quite happy we stopped by here and ecstatic they had metal tacker signs for purchase so that I could add to my collection. It was only 9 dollars as well... cheap!
I want to like Browns more but I just don't. I've been coming here since they first opened back in the 90's and and have continued to be a patron throughout their various incarnations. I think inconsistent is the word that best describes Browns. The beer is very good but this has not always been the case. There have been periods of time where I would not drink anything brewed here because it tasted so bad. I was told by a local brewer that it was a case of sloppy brewing practices and poor sanitation.. Whatever they did, its working. The food is ok but nothing remarkable. I must admit that I have not tried any of the higher priced dinners, fearing it would not be that good. Browns can get very busy, especially on the weekends. It can be difficult to get a table, which is to be expected on a weekend,  but the service sometimes grinds to a halt. Overall, a good place for a beer and something to eat but not a place to "go out to dinner"
I hate to write anything negative about a restaurant that's a local favourite, as the many recommendations I received made this place out to be. That said, I can't recommend Browns. I visited on a Saturday night in December with a group of 7 friends and found a joint that was hopping. It was busy, but the wait that wasn't too long. When we were taken to our table, the seating was okay and the menu looked tasty and perhaps even a touch ambitious. Their beer menu looked very tasty and had been recommended by locals I'd asked. Once seated, service was slow and it took 25 minutes just to get our drinks. The beer was eh - very eh. It was lackluster, not a lot of depth of flavour and a watery finish with little aftertaste. 45 minutes later the entrees finally showed up. I had the scallops. The beer based sauce wasn't bad at all. I actually liked that part of it. However, the scallops were overcooked and dry. The veg were overseasoned to the point of inedibility, and the rice accompanying was undercooked with hard centers. There was no waitstaff interest in us once the meals were served, and I'm sure they'd've gotten an earful if they had shown up. My companions were as disappointed with the food as I was. When the waitress finally did show up, we asked for the bill and it took her an additional 25 minutes to manage to get it to us. This restaurant made a poor impression across the board - lackluster drinks, unpleasant food and poor service. Neither I nor my friends will be returning.
Browns is a trusty spot. Beer brewed in house and good food to support. They keep the kitchen open late which comes in handy. Stopping in for a pint often leads to beer battered pretzels or some other small appetizer. I really like the soup specials (and the french onion) and various warm / cold sandwiches. I never really go for pasta dishes or more expensive entrée items at browns so I can't attest to those meals. I love the beer with my favorites being the brown ale, pale ale and seasonal pumpkin ale. I wish they would make more limited offerings to keep frequent patrons amused, I find myself growing tired of the beer selection after a bit and long for change. They do have some generic bottled beer and Guiness on tap. They have a full bar with some decent single malt options, but charge a premium rate for a drink (my jameson black barrel was 12 bucks for a small portion). Friday / Saturday nights obviously the most busy at Browns and they do their best to bring in entertainment for patrons. Acoustic, Dj's, Bands and Irish dancers are among the entertainment I've enjoyed at browns.   Browns offers high quality growlers for sale (I own 2). Made in Germany with a rubber gasket flip top. I use these growlers often and normally keep one in my car. My favorite feature at Browns is a wonderful back patio overlooking the Hudson river. The only season I don't spend time outside is during the winter and even then I'll step outside for a bit while my friends smoke. By far one of my favorite places to relax and have a beer. They even put nice flower and flower pots out back which warms up the patio space for sure. I don't know why Browns gets so much grief on yelp. It's a busy spot but people should learn to relax. Have a beer downstairs at the bar while you wait for a table. Cheers.
I started going to Browns almost a decade ago, it was a favorite amongst college friends. They changed their menu (and presumably owners or chefs) maybe two years ago and the food hasn't been the same ever since. The food is consistent, and never bad. You can't beat the beer. And the outside patio is a joy in the nice weather. When ever I'm back visiting Troy, you can be sure we will visit.
I'm not really a huge beer drinker -- I mean, I like beer, but I'm much happier with a good martini or a glass of wine. So take it with a grain of salt when I say I have never been that impressed with the beer they make there - everything I try seems a little unbalanced and well, hard to drink. Give me a good Yueng Ling, Heineken, or even Tsing Tao any day. If that makes me a beer lightweight, well, I can live with that. Fortunately, they have an OK wine selection. Last visit I tried a margarita -- let's just say I won't be making that mistake again -- it was bland and blase -- a dim reflection of the greatness an accomplished bartender can achieve with that cocktail. On the other hand, I think the food is great. We've eaten there maybe a dozen times, sampling everything from burgers to the mussels and clams, to salads and wings -- all great. Service has been uniformly good - always fast, attentive, and courteous. I'm honestly surprised by the many negative comments on service there -- I've never had the slightest problem, whether indoors or on the patio. If i had to find something to complain about, I would say many dishes tend towards the salty side. A little more attention to subtle alternatives to gobs of salt would be appreciated, at least by me. All in all, Brown's is my current "go-to" spot in Troy when I need decent food but don't want to spend a fortune.
When your wife calls and says "I've had a terrible day at work, would you like to go out for a beer," you do like I did... turn off whatever you were cooking on the stove, and tell her you'll leave in five minutes to meet her. And so we met at Brown's.  The "beer of the day" was an American Wheat Ale ($3.75 /16 oz all day) - 5% abv, crisp, slightly fruity, unfiltered.  The Pumpkin Ale ($5.25 /16 oz every day) - 7% abv, nice mahogany-bronze color, a hint of orange, and in my opinion, NOT sweet and spicy like a pumpkin pie, but slightly sweet, dry and clean tasting.  Those beers kept us satisfied while we ordered and discussed a day at work. My wife chose one of the day's specials, the Mushroom, Beef and Swiss Quesadilla ($11.99) - chopped steak, caramelized onions, mushrooms and imported Swiss in a flour tortilla, served with Brown's chipotle ketchup, sour cream and salsa.  Other than a couple pieces of grizzle, this was very good, especially the chipotle ketchup. I ordered a Hickory Chicken Sandwich ($10.49) - southern fried with cheddar, bacon, cherry raspberry ale BBQ sauce, crispy onions, lettuce, and tomato on a ciabatta roll.  Very tasty, but difficult to eat since the roll was very thick and the BBQ sauce made the chicken slide out of the sandwich.  The accompanying fries were reallllly good dipped in my wife's chipotle ketchup. An Oatmeal Stout ($4.75 /16 oz) - 5.5% abv, was its usual flavorful, award-winning self.  Their Oktoberfest ($4.75 /16 oz) - 5.5% abv, was nice, with a slight sweetness, but not as flavorful as one I had recently at Druther's in Saratoga. Service was good, but the upstairs dining area was drafty and cold until they closed an adjacent door and more people sat in the area.  Bottom like, Brown's makes some excellent beers.  Without the beer, I'd probably only go 3 stars, however.
I have such a love/hate relationship with this place. The first time I was here, probably about 8-9 years ago, it was under a different name but everything was still pretty much the same. The bar was the last leg of a booze cruise celebrating the last day of the best job I ever had. We had three or four bus loads of co-workers traveling through Albany, Saratoga and Troy to some of the favorite bars. As it was the last stop, and so long ago, I can honestly say my memory of the place is pretty unreliable at best. But I do remember being left behind! The bus driver who had shepherded all of the drunks of his bus all night long must have decided he had enough of me and took off while I was in the men's room. With no way to get home and left to my own devices I did the only logical thing...  I continued to drink until someone offered to take me home. Last evening a few of us from the old days met up again at Browns. This time I was a bit older, brought a designated driver, and a fixed budget. The place was crazy packed. Standing room only, as loud as Wolff's Beirgarten but without the long cozy seating. They were actually calling out names for seating, apparently there is a dining area now too and people were waiting for tables. I could not imagine trying to have a dining experience in that environment, but, I guess someone enjoys it if they were willing to wait for a table. The crowd was pretty mixed. I guess the PSINet group helped boost the older numbers, but there were plenty others too. There was some music earlier in the evening, replaced later with a live performer somewhere. I heard them playing, but never saw them. Acoustic guitar versions of your favorites, was not bad. Let's face it though, the only reason people chose Browns over other places is the beer. And they certainly do that correctly. I have had their beer many times, they are available at lots of local places. I was disappointed they were not serving the Imperial Stout, but I enjoyed the Oatmeal Stout and had a taste of the whisky stout. I was disappointed at the prices, what they asked for my wife's Woodchuck cider was just short of insulting. I am a sucker for a good beer though, and Brown's does a great stout. I want to compare Brown's with the Albany Pump Station, which is a place I really enjoy, but it is a lot harder to do so than I first thought. The Pump Station feels more like a restaurant these days. In the end, Brown's is less comfortable and more expensive than the Pump Station. Or, perhaps, I am still bitter about being left there so many years ago.
Suppose you've got a friend---a real nice guy, and everyone wants to be around him. And then one day he goes and huffs a whole carton of glue. A real big wiff. He can't really count anymore, and he slurs his words a little, but every once in a while he's got a good story to tell. That's Brown's. Too bad they forgot how to make nachos, but sometimes you can get a decent hamburger.
Brown's is solidly good. Nothing can be described as out of this world 'amazing', but they do what they do consistently well. Their beer-battered fries really are excellent. They're steak-cut, close in style to Aussie 'chips', and pretty much the only time I will look forward to getting fries is at Brown's. Their veggie burger is a homemade black-bean patty, a nice change from Gardenburgers. The salads, other burgers, and pastas (esp. the tortellini) are also quite good. We love to come here on a quiet Sunday evening in the summer to sit on the back deck and have some drinks and dinner, or it's one of our favourite places to bring a large group of friends for a casual night out. I'm not really a beer drinker, but those around me say it's pretty good - not amazing, but decent. They DO make their own root beer (yes, I'm a little kid) and it's delicious. All in all I do have quite an affection for Brown's. When we're in the mood for  what they offer, it's always a fun and relaxing time out. And the view from the back deck overlooking the Hudson is REALLY lovely.
I live for places like this.  I have friends that would give Brown's a 3, simply because its a "brew-pub" as if that is a disqualifier of some sort - but this place gets all 5 from me. It's about the beer stupid.  And the food dummy. That being said, this place has both.  I tried coming here last winter when I was in town for a friends art opening and the line was out the door.  Now I know why.  Based out of a historic warehouse building in downtown Troy, and serving great (not good, but Great) homecrafted beers and food, this place blew me away. I had a Chicken Rustica sandwich and my girlfriend had a Reuben, both exceptional and very, very fairly priced.
The usual song I hear is, "sorry we just ran out".   I know they have been trying to beef up their menu from usual pub fare for the last several years, but anything that I have tried has been ho hum.  The burgers and other pub fare are excellent.    I asked for medium rare and I got medium rare (which is a huge improvement from before when burgers were always served a la hockey puck).  The sweet potato fries were nice and crisp but could have been served hotter.   Stick to the pub fare and avoid the attempts at entrees which they shouldn't even be trying. Da beer is good...if they actually manage to have what you want on tap. The waitress was okay.  It was a TNO friday and they were busy but she was not all that attentive and I don't think we would have had here attention at all if it wasn't for us being an assertive 3 top table.  I did not get the extra pickles that I requested and that made me very very very sad.   I'll keep going back because I like the brew but always set my expectations low for service and know to avoid anything on the menu other than the pub fare.
Stopped there while in town for a show at the Times Union Center. The 3 of us were extremely happy with our meal. I started off with a flight of beers and the beers overall very good, some I liked a lit and some that were ok but thatis to be expected. We shared the pretzels with hiney mustard and a cheese sauce and that was amazing. Great pretzels and awesome sauces. I had the Chef Luca burger which was delicious, my wife had the French Dip which she loved and I sampled the beef and it was very good, and my mother-in-law had the Chicken Pot Pie. It was very good but they could cut down on the poultry seasoning a little bit. I thought it was a little over spiced, and that is odd for me to say. Overall I would definately go back here again when in the Albany area.
My parents drag me here every time I come home for a visit.  They call it "their place." (Cute, but kind of lame). Their beer deserves 5 stars, with the stouts and pale ales being the best. The menu sometimes makes me laugh and I still have yet to have a satisfying meal here.  The bar food is obviously good, but order anything else from the rest of the menu and it's pretty hit or miss.  And for some dang reason, I'm always in the mood for fish when I come, and I stupidly order fish thinking "oh, maybe this time it will be good." It never is. The worst menu item of all is the bbq pork chops.  Thin slices of pork with a stingy portion of bbq sauce.  Probably one of the worst meals I've ever had, ever. The one thing the entrees have going for them is the red cabbage side dish.   Long story short, this is clearly a pub.  If you just stick with ordering from the appetizers menu or anything else that can be labled as "pub food" (i.e, anything that comes fried or in sandwich form) you won't be disappointed.
I'll keep my review simple and to the point. Beer selection - Good (something for everyone) Service - Poor (consistently, reliably poor) Food - Good (not the healthiest, but better than bar food) Atmosphere - Okay+ (I like the view from the back patio) They should consider making room for a second bar upstairs or outside. Based on how much seating is dedicated to the restaurant side, it seems as though they're neglecting the reason people come here in the first place (hello! you're a taproom! be a taproom!) It's a good meet-up spot and someplace I visit at least once a month.
+ The oatmeal stout and whiskey cask porter are some of the best beers I've ever had. Others seem to agree as these two beers have won some prestigious awards in the past. + The Old Hickory Burger (bacon, cheddar, smoky cherry raspberry ale BBQ sauce) was and still is my favorite burger of all time. + Revolution Hall is right next door! + The bar seating is very cozy and the upstairs dining area is very laid back. + They sell their own six packs at the bar, as well as growlers. A few local packies are even stocking a few of their beers now! + Get the nachos. GET THE NACHOS. - Not many unique beers, however the ones on tap year round and the seasonals are ALL delicious. - The service has always been hit or miss. On two separate occasions I have had unpleasant dealings with what seems to be the owner. I miss Browns. Sigh.
Outdoor patio- awesome. Love getting to see the river. Food- average and overpriced (entrees up to $22 and sandwiches were $11) Beer- a little underwhelming- EXCEPT for the Whiskey Porter (delicious) Service- really fantastic All and all, fairly forgettable.
I'm not really a beer drinker. And when I am, I'm super finicky. Hops? Don't like 'em. Bitter beer is the worst. I can't down IPAs. I am, however, a fan of small-batch, artisan micros, which are SERIOUSLY lacking in the Hudson Valley. Back home, these little breweries are a dime a dozen, but good luck finding them around here. Which is one reason why I was so dang excited when I heard about Brown's Brewing. But like so many other things in the Capital Region...WOULD IT LIVE UP TO THE HYPE??! Not gonna lie. It totally did. The taproom's located in charming downtown Troy, with which I'm totally smitten. Great exposed brick and hardwood architecture makes this place really feel like a brewery. And they have a great patio, which is super fantastic when it's warm outside...I think there's live music nearby, so you can be entertained on the patio, while checking out the view of the Hudson. They have an extensive collection of their micros, and for my maiden voyage I tried the Raspberry Cherry brew (it was warm, and didn't think I could handle anything heavier, like their much-lauded Oatmeal Stout), which was perfect, and reminded me of McMenamins's Ruby Ale. They didn't serve their draughts ice-cold, which at first was slightly jarring, but then realized that a lot of breweries tend to do this. Not sure if it's one of those things where it's like...hey look at how awesome our beers are cool not cold! Ha! I lived. Their menu is also pretty standard pub/brewery fare, but usually with a twist. Their black bean burger was quite awesome, but not really what I expected. I think they actually make the burger ON the bun (because they are strangely inseparable), and the yogurt and pepper fixings must have been integrated INTO the burger, because there really was none to be found on top. Which was really strange. It was tasty, nonetheless. Service was attentive and friendly. I liked Brown's a lot, and I will definitely be coming back. Patio Tour: Capital Region 2010!
I was meeting a friend and Browns happened to be convenient. I got there and there was ample parking (a huge relief after the snow storm) and went right inside. I had been looking at the menu earlier in the day... because I do indeed research my food options beforehand, and was disappointed with what was listed. Considering Browns is mostly restaurant and only 1/8 of the space is actually bar you'd think their menu would reflect that. I wasn't in the mood for a burger (this is indeed very rare... no pun intended) and everything else just looked eh. I ended up just choosing the Southwest wrap because it was the least offensive and I thought that it'd be difficult to screw up a wrap... I was wrong. I asked for no cheese, which they did properly, but the wrap was kind of empty and open on each end (huge pet peeve) so everything was falling out and I had dressing all down my arm. Real attractive when you're eating with another human being. I ended up not even attempting the other half, and crunched on the over-fried fries. If I weren't driving home, then perhaps a draft would have made everything ok, but if you're going to serve food, make sure it's good. Browns, I will not be back.
I have always been 110% satisfied after visiting Brown's.  Their Oatmeal Stout was literally the first beer that I've ever had, and even now that I've moved 200 miles away, I make it a point to visit Brown's when I'm back in town.  I usually end up buying a few six packs of the Oatmeal Stout to have at home! Their Nachos can not be beaten.  I've tried to find better Nachos, literally all over the country, but for the price, quantity, and glorious taste/texture, Brown's is the reigning champion of my nacho seeking stomach. The chip to salsa/chili ratio really is spot on.  Its literally a MOUNTAIN of nachos. Oh, and the beer battered fries are something I miss every time I have a burger here in Boston.  Beyond that, the BBQ sauce, which is made using their cherry raspberry ale, if I'm not mistaken, is good enough to eat on it's own. I wish I could take Brown's with me wherever I live.
When I moved here from Long Island, everyone told me I "had to go here." While the beer/ bar was great. The atmosphere wasn't much. The service at the bar was fast and the guys were knowledgable and very helpful. After sitting down , the food was far from great even by " bar food" standards. Service was bad. Twice I had to get up to get another beer and wine for my date. Was there fir about two hours and not once did I see a manager walk thru the dining room or anything. Might go have a beer again, but with options like Ryan's wake around the corner, who has much better service, I doubt I'd go back or refer to anyone.
Brown's is amazing. I'm a big beer lover and they have some of the best beer I've tasted. For the dark beer drinkers they offer a rich, thick Whiskey Porter and for the light beer drinkers they have a delicious Cherry Raspberry Ale and a pretty good Hefeweizen. I would suggest any new Brown's go-er to order the sampler so that you can get a taste of everything! They offer a "mug club" membership in which you pay $50 a year and in turn receive a Brown's t-shirt and 24 ounce beers instead of the pints for the same price and also includes a free yearly "mug club" dinner where you are fed all the beer and food you can handle, buffet style. This takes me to the food, which is delicious. Pretty run of the mill restaurant choices, but they put a unique twist on almost everything by incorporating their brews into the sauces that go on or into the food you order. There's Hefe in the clams, there's Cherry Rasp. in the bbq sauce, etc. The owners are wonderful (if you catch them on a good day you might even get to tour the brewery downstairs!) and they have excellent staff, I have never had a problem with service at this place. They have an outside deck overlooking the river and an extensive parking lot. It's a great place to go anytime, during the day for a quiet lunch, a dinner date, or just a destination for a great drunken time. They have daily specials for pints and trivia on Wednesday nights and even Sunday football specials. If you haven't ever been to Brown's I strongly suggest you try it out, it's a great dining/drinking experience!
I really wish I could give Brown's better review, but I just cannot.  I brought friends from Philly here on a Saturday night after a recommendation from some friends that went to RPI.   It was packed and we were lucky to get a table by the bar, as the seating upstairs was full up with an hour wait.  I enjoyed the beer, it was good but nothing special.  We had the pretzels and the Asian Calamari to start, which were pretty decent, but not worth the 30 minute wait.  For dinner we had the Haddock Po Boy, Pulled Pork and Veggie Black Bean Burger and they were not good.  It took almost an hour and half to come out AFTER our apps.  The Haddock was bland, the tomatoes were barely red and the fries were completely cold.  I was scared to complain cause god know it would have taken 3 hours to get fresh fries out of the kitchen.   Overall I was sorely disappointed and I know for sure we will never be returning!
Dropped by Brown's for dinner while visiting a friend in the area. Great prices and selection of local Brown's beer (big fan of their pale ales and oatmeal stout) and the food was really good. I recommend the pretzels and sweet potato fries. We were there on a Friday night so it was really busy and the service was a little slow. My only real issue was the live music-the band was so loud I could barely hear myself think. Otherwise it was a really great spot.
Alright, so to start off this is my favorite nacho place in the entire world (thus far). I love nachos, and I love browns nachos. Whatever else your ordering is wrong. Although if you have to order something else the french onion soup, and beer pretzels are pretty sweet too. The beer is amazing. The first time I went I tried all of their beers on a flight cause I can never figure out what I like from name alone. I'm in love with the Cherry Raspberry Ale, my only complaint is sometimes I go and they don't have it :-( wahh. anyways, all of the beers are delicious. I'm sure you could drink something else besides a brown's beer there but why would you? The service has been really hit or miss for me. Mostly the waitresses don't come by often enough, and it takes a hot minute for the food, but I usually forget that and go back again because I love nachos and beer. Although last time I went and sat at the bar, that was a win, win, win. Great Service, Quick food, Quick beers. It may have been because we walked there in an Ice Storm and they just appreciated our business, or cause we were girls, but the bar tenders gave us great service.
I went here last time I was in new york. This was about a year ago. I hope to return this year and update my review. I had the beer sampler which had a good variety of diverse beer tastes. a very nice wheat beer, the porter was alright and the IPA, well, im not an ipa fan but it was still ok. The fish and chips where definatly good, not too soggy, or too crispy but also no super outstanding flavors. all in all 4 stars for service taste and atmosphere.
The first time I went here for lunch on a Sunday and it was fabulous. We got the 8-sample flight of beer and pretzels before our meals. I was in love! When I raved about it to other friends, we went on a Tuesday for lunch on the patio. We waited about 15 minutes before anyone asked our drink order. Then about 20 min later we got our appetizer-the pretzels again. It then took at least another 25-30 minutes to get our meals: 2 sandwiches and 1 burger. I was embarrassed by how slow everything was, though I understand it was very busy. I would still go here again but make sure I'm not dying of hunger before I sit down. The food is still delicious and I love the cherry raspberry ale.
Pretzels, pretzels, pretzels!!!! They are fantastic here. The mustard sauce that comes with them is especially good. The burgers are also good, as is the Thai shrimp wrap. I'm not a beer connoisseur, so I can't speak to their brewing prowess. But, they have a serviceable wine list. Also, Monday night trivia is very fun here.
This review is only for the private area party area.   My sister-in-law had her rehearsal dinner at Brown's Brewing and I was stoked to give a go.  The venue was pretty awesome and we were only in the private area, so it's a bit hard to comment on the actual restaurant/pub area.  Toward the end of the evening we wandered out back onto the patio and I was surprised - it was packed (given it was a Friday night), but after being so secluded I didn't realize.  The event space was nice and had a stage and plenty of room for seating. The staff was extremely friendly and get major props for making my step-daughter a grilled cheese sandwich during a buffet style dinner since she didn't like anything at all that was served.  I, however, loved the food.  They had a chicken dish that was great.  The bartender was quick and ready to help people pick out beers they'd like if they weren't sure.  I look forward to coming back sometime and giving their actual restaurant a try. While there, I tried three of their beers.  The first was the IPA.  It was good, but not nearly as hoppy as beers I'm used to in the PNW.  The brown was pretty good too, but somewhat unremarkable, but then again I'm not a big brown fan.  Lastly, was their whiskey porter.  It was boozy and delicious.  I was floored with how good it was and would definitely come back here for that beer.   Overall, it was a really positive experience and I look forward to having a more "normal" experience with them.
I spy that some of their dessert comes from the sweet street dessert company which makes and delivers some cakes. I found this cuz the description for the nut torta in brown's menu was the same as the online dessert company's menu. But tbh it was pretty good (as a gluten free dessert). The pecan pie was over baked on the bottom so  we asked to return it. Other than this little surprise, the food was pretty good and the portion is reasonably huge. I had this Thai salmon salad and only finished 1/3, my frd got a chicken pot pie and also finished 1/3. We also had some chicken wings with garlic siracha sauce, which was fantastic!! It was really good. We went on a Sunday night so it wasn't too crowded, and the waitress was cute and nice. I had this cherry raspberry ale and my frd got a brown ale. I liked it but it wasn't too amazing as I expected. And our meal was $75 with tip.
I went here yesterday during the Superbowl. I had the veggie burger, it's black bean and not a frozen patty. Black bean isn't my favorite burger, but I must admit, it's very refreshing to get one that wasn't tossed in a microwave. It came with a side of coleslaw that was sweet and a pickle that was too salty. Maybe I'm being unfair because we had beer pretzels for an appetizer. Those were awesome. Soft with a decent crust, and a thin coat of either olive oil or butter (couldn't tell) served with a mustard sauce. First pub/bar/drinking establishment I've been to that had real pretzels to go with their beer. What the hell for people??? Pretzels and beer, it's very obvious. The beer I had was their Pilsner. Light without being tasteless, reminded me of Magic Hat's #9 for some reason. I would certainly go again and hoard the pretzels for myself.
Had an early dinner here the other day as Mr. Manager and I were in Troy for a quick alma mater stop. He used to frequent this place so he knew it would be sufficient for a quick dinner before we hit the road again. The food was the same gastro pub food you'd find at most other similar establishments. The ranch dressing was pretty delicious. The staff was super friendly and the place is enormous.  They had a pretty extensive beer selection, which was awesome. I'd probably come here again the next time I'm in Troy.
I've been to Brown's a number of times over the past several years.  I've loved the food (especially the wings), and their selection of beers. This most recent time though, this past Saturday,the 20th of July, the service was downright awful. We were seated at the tables located directly behind the bar.  It took some flagging down of the bartender to get drinks to our table of two. Then, after failing to flag anyone down (and I was being obvious), I had to call the establishment from my cell phone, explain that I was at a table of two behind the bar, and needed lunch menus and another round of drinks at the table. When we were given the menus, the waitress stated that this wasn't her section, which is fine.  However, it seems to be no one's section. Normally when I go, I am seated at the bar, and service is great.  However, if you're going to provide two-top tables behind the bar, someone needs to be responsible for servicing those tables - or don't have them there at all.  Now maybe I was there at an odd time, and it was between shifts, but that should never be an excuse. I would hope the next time I'm there if I choose a 2-top table, the service is better.
My boyfriend has been wanting to eat here forever, so we finally made it in. I was hesitant at first because I didn't think there was a dining area, but thanks to the photos I saw that there was. We shared a French Onion Soup. It was topped with shoe-string onions, which I've never seen done before. My boyfriend thought the soup was amazing, but I thought there was just a little to much thyme or sage of some sort in it. I got the Roasted Broccoli Melt, which I found to be very unique. It was really good, but make sure you like olives because it's pretty over powering. My boyfriend got the Hickory Chicken Sandwich and he loved it. I also tasted some of the cherry raspberry bbq sauce, and it was amazing. An Unsweetened Iced tea and Lemonade were both $2.25. Bill came to $36. Service was pretty prompt, she refilled our drinks and gave us more napkins without us even asking. However she did have that "i'm really busy" attitude. Didn't go out of her way to be extra friendly. Will be returning and hopefully trying some beer.
Visited Brown's on a recommendation from Keegan Ales in Kingston. This is a great place occupying a great space! Finding Brown's was super simple and street parking is available everywhere. There are some halfhearted reviews for the food, my meal was very good, no complaints. Tried the pasta with shrimp. Everyone looked happy with their meals, so grading on the "I know nothing about Troy so until I find another brewpub with better food" curve; you get the 5 Stars. The beer in the main attraction here. Friendly servers offer a taste before you commit. They sell by the growler. Hmmm beer. ------ Here again- happy again. Wings were great! IPA- great! Oatmeal Stout- great! Service - Great! (See a pattern here?). Approved.
We arrived on Saturday @ 1:00 and sat at the bar. First thing I noticed was that the bartender, Ashley was alone and was running around like a chicken with her head cut off! That should have been my first clue...My Husband and I each ordered a beer and we ordered chicken wings and fries. No exaggeration that the wings took 52 minutes to come out! if that wasn't bad enough they were ice cold. Ashley the bartender sent them back and within 4 minutes we were returned microwaved, (unevenly heated) wings. A run down of the whole experience: Over priced bar food, poor service, fun/cool vibe for the under 22 crowd.
Went on Sunday 1/31/2010 for Lunch. Beer was Brown's beer, I think if you like it or not is a personal taste issue. I had the Pale Ale I thought it was fine, I have also had the Pilsner, it's good as is the Dunkel. The food was rather good for a brew pub. I got the Reuben, and although it was bastardized (no sauerkraut = NOT A REUBEN), I'll forgive it because it was well put together and the corned beef was actually pretty decent and I am corned beef snob (See Sam Lagrassa's, Boston). The beer batter fries are perfectly fried and have a nice crunch. Nice to see some different fries when everyone seems to be serving straight foodservice fries exclusively these days. Wifey got a Southwestern wrap of some kind that was rather good. We will be back......
I really want to give Browns more stars... I've had some great food and decent experiences but they are just too inconsistent. The first time I went the food was cooked perfectly and service was good. But every time since then either the server disappears, or the food is over or under cooked or dry, or they leave off a part of the order, or the bread is hard as a rock. Such potential! I want to love you Browns and I keep going back but I'm just not sure how much I can trust you...
Try the steamers. They're garlicky and awesome....if you like garlic that is. Food selection is okay. Good place to hang out, drink and listen to music. I'm not sure if they have live music every weekend though. Check out their website. Their menu is on there as well. Be warned though; it's busy on weekends and if you go during peak lunch/dinner hours, you could wait up to an hour for an outside table. Also, all the times I've been there, the wait staff have been very curt, impatient, inattentive and forgetful of drink orders which I think is BAD....I just make sure we idle even more though and leave a tip fitting to the quality of service so it's all good ;P The live music is either hit or miss. When we were there, there was a band playing (I won't mention their name). The lead singer's mom sang a couple of songs before they came on and unfortunately her daughter didn't inherit her voice. I cringed with every note she sang. It didn't help that we were so close to the band too. We won't be sitting so close the nest time.
Browns has become one of my staples in Troy when I'm looking for decent food at a reasonable price.  I like it because I can come here when I'm not-so-fresh after a softball game or volleyball tournament or come directly from work in my work clothes and it's equally comfortable.  The atmosphere is pretty casual but still pretty nice.  As a result, I come here very often. My favorite foods from Browns are their Cherry Raspberry BBQ wings, soft pretzels, steak salad, and even their cheese board.  The food in general is pretty good.  They have a good variety of beers (though once in a while they'll run out of something, but it's not a big deal since there's usually a comparable substitute).  Service is usually pretty good as well.  They used to hold trivia here though I'm not sure if they do any longer. They also have outdoor seating when it's warm out which is always nice.  The one thing I will say is that since it's in a popular area (for Troy), they're prone to long waits on a Friday or Saturday night.  But that's normal for a lot of places so I just factor that in when I make plans. It's nothing fancy but if you're looking for good food at a resonable price with good service and a casual atmosphere, Browns is a good place if you're in the Troy area.
I've been going to Brown's at least twice a year since 2005..I've all ready been there at least three times this year and I'm going again this week. I'd give them four stars because I love the atmosphere,  I've had nothing but excellent food there and their beer is wonderful. However, they lose a star because of what seems like the ever-changing menu. I'm not happy with the fact they've changed the menu so much in the last few years. I used to get the River Street Salmon and it would be good every single time. Then they changed chefs and the menu. It would kinda be touch and go for a while with that menu. I think they just got another chef because the menu has changed again. I found something I liked last month, it's a salmon dish and well, I was there Friday night and it was not on the menu. I got the black bean burger and it was really good. I wouldn't hesitate to have a small gathering in the Trojan Room upstairs and I love sitting on the deck The beer is yummy and I've never been disappointed no matter what I've ordered.  I've never really had a problem with service there either. They are very good at what they do at Brown's, Oh, and their ranch dressing is among the best I've ever had!
Great atmosphere -- especially out on the porch. Solid food and good beer. Service can be a bit iffy. Usually have some really good specials at the bar during football season, especially on Monday nights. Good variety on the menu and I really liked the osso bucco
as Josh M said. This is a brewpub. The beer is AMAZING. we got a keg of brown and a keg of pale for our wedding. Our guests were very pleased. The food is good pub food. The service is spotty. If you are looking for quick dinner service you will be disappointed. The beer pretzels are a must have!
Stopped by Brown's for a quick lunch and while we were in no way disappointed, it didn't stand out as one of those stand out craft beer and pub grub kind of places. Beer selection was decent, the food we ordered (burgers, french dip w/ the garlic aioli, sandwiches) was decent, and the service was ok. I will say for the area, this is probably a good go to spot which may not knock your socks off but you know what you are going to get.
This is a very nice place. If you like crowd and noise, downstair by the bar is the place for you. On the other hand, second floor in the Trojan room is surprisingly quiet. Food is the usual, but good portion for the price. Beer is cheap too if you're from NYC. If you'll be there during daylight, river view is great too. The place is between the main 2 bridges of Troy.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. I love Brown's. I've been thinking about going here all week in fact! I'm not normally a big fan of brew pubs, because I don't drink beer ( I like it, but I'm allergic to barley. ) Still, Brown's has such a nice, relaxed atmosphere that it's weaseled it's way into my heart. I especially like the back deck/patio area where you can sit and look out over the river. The food is your standard pub food, but it's quite tasty and usually well-priced.  And they usually have pretty good salads, if you're feeling healthy or aren't down with too much fried stuff. And they even use some of their tasty brews in the food. I've never had their beer-battered fries myself, but everyone I've ever been here with has loved them. Service is usually decent, and sometimes there's live music. The bathrooms are very clean for a bar!   I like to come here for a few drinks and some food before heading to a show next door at Revolution Hall. And if you like the beer here, you can get it at Rev Hall too.
I'm not much of a beer drinker but the Troy Pub (which I will reluctantly call Brown's for the sake of this review) was a very frequent hangout during my RPI days. I still go back on occasion when I'm back in Troy. The food is pretty decent, they have a tasty vegan bean burger and their fries are awesome.
I've only been here about 3 or 4 times, but I loved it every time. I've had their Brewmaster Burger, Jambalaya, Fish & Chips, and Grilled Salmon Filet...all extremely delicious. Their beer-battered fries are very yummy too. Their portions are pretty large, so I usually end up taking my leftovers home, which is always nice. Everyone is there to have a good time so its got a very fun vibe, and the staff is very friendly. It is a great place for many different occasions; I have been there on a date and also with a bunch of friends. Browns has always been a satisfying experience for me.
Hearty meals and tasty craft brews. The dark beers were surprisingly tasty with no rough finish and the lighter beers we sampled (flight) were quite robust. We enjoyed our visit. Busy. Once the lunch rush was over the restaurant was overstaffed and the bar area service was pretty slow with just one bartender/ server. But he was friendly and efficient in so far as it was possible to get the job done with just one person.
Excellent place!  I've been here 2-3 times now while in town visiting my boyfriend's family.  In the summer, it's nice to sit outside on the deck and have a view of the river.  This past weekend a group of 4 of us stopped in for dinner after Black Friday shopping.  It was packed, but the service was still good.   I had the Mediterranean sandwich and a cherry raspberry beer.  The beer was fantastic - not overly fruity or sweet. Well-balanced and very drinkable.  The sandwich was pretty good.  I'd give it a B.
Stopped into Browns Brewing for the first time on "Brown Friday," the day after Thanksgiving, with my sister for a drink. The tables were full and so was the bar. We started out at a standing table and eventually snagged some bar seats. At both spots we were continually being bumped into by tipsy patrons, but we still had a good time. My first drink was their famous Whiskey Porter, aged for two months in a bourbon whiskey barrel. Dark, rich, and a very unique flavor with chocolately notes. It took me a while to finish. Second I tried their draft special, the Tomhannock Pilsner, which was light and fruity.  A good follow-up to the heaviness of my first drink. We shared one of their beer pretzels, which I think is best described as watery, but in a good way. Kind of like water bagels. It was served with a housemade pale ale honey mustard, a nice pairing of sweet to the salty pretzel. I also tasted their Cherry Raspberry Ale but was disappointed. Not enough fruit flavor. I was hoping it would be a little bit sour. I would recommend checking it out for the Whiskey Porter on a quieter night. Maybe go for dinner to avoid being jostled around at the bar.
I have never eaten a thing at Browns Brewing Company but I gave it four stars anyway for one reason, the Whiskey Porter.  Oh my god this is one of the most delicious beers I have ever had.  Its dark, rich and strong... REAL strong. The menu sounds kind of good and they have a few vegan options so one of these days I might go back and eat something.
Get the cabbage. No, really-- get the cabbage.  Most restaurants hold the humble cabbage in such low regard: it's boiled to slush, drowned in fatty dressing, or served so cold it might as well be frozen.  At Browns, though, the side of cabbage is a serving of shredded, crunchy, purple strands, sauteed and slightly oiled (vegans: check whether it's butter), fine with nearly everything on the menu. The beer, as another reviewer notes, is regular-to-good; maybe we're hypercritical, so many years after the craft brewing trend started to change the American beer palate.  There's a reasonable gamut of light, dark, and in-between beers, and you can even take them to go in a "growler," a convenient, refillable container I wish more pub owners would accommodate. The food is not only the deep-fried stand-bys, but other beer-friendly options such as bratwurst.  But get the cabbage.
Crazy enough, I didn't have a beer (I know, I know..) but just on food alone I was VERY impressed. Delicious!!
Packed, cheerful environment with lots of young to middle aged folks and cuties to keep your eyes darting around. The bar food wasn't all that good and I was not inspired to return.  The beer was OK I guess.  The service was OK.  The semi-attractive waitress was trying not to look at me too much since I was with a girl, but she couldn't seem to resist. Considering the hype from an assortment of clowns who never seem to recommend good restaurants/bars, it was a let down.  I will say the overall experiences is sort'a enjoyable -- good vibe in the place. Can a pub call itself a pub if the wings aren't any good?   I only tried 3 dishes and got the beer sampler thing.
You can eat in, you can order out. Lots of interesting beers to try, gotta have that Cherry Raspberry Ale. Chef Luca Burger. -Smoked Gouda Cheese -Guacamole -Bacon -Cherry Raspberry Ale BBQ Sauce -Crispy Onions this bitch is loaded with stuff you want and need. Fries bite back in a good way.
Buff chicken dip and burger was delicious! Also tried a sampler of 8 different browns beers brewed locally. Delicioussss! Wanted to go back for more if I had time!
Browns food is delicious. Their beer is delicious. In fact, I go there more for the beer! The patio is a great spot in the spring and summer, especially after Rockin' on the River concerts. The service is often slow or confused, and the bar is often crowded. I usually go with a small group like 5-6 people and get a table in a decent amount of time. I recommend trying it on a weeknight! Trivia on Monday nights is fun too.
Went here on a Friday night and had no problem getting a table. The bar area was really packed, so we decided to get a table and order some appetizers along with our beer. The Portobello Fries were awesome -- nicely breaded and not too greasy. The wings appetizer was larger than expected and the chicken wings were nice and meaty. Oh and the beer. We each got the 8 beer sampler. It was a bit confusing at first because we wanted the 8 beer sampler but we didn't know if there were even 8 beers on tap. It took the waiter a little while to get things straight; actually, he never was able to figure out what they had available so we just said screw it and told him to get us 8 random beers. I'm normally not a fruity beer guy but their Cherry Raspberry Ale was my favorite.
Well as everyone says, the bar area is packed beyond belief, especially if a live band is in the house - so opt for a table if you've got it. The service can be weird though. We kept pointing to beers on the back of the regular menu only to hear that they were sold out (it was Friday night around 9pm...so that's weird). But eventually we settled on a few beers and (when given the right menu) got most of the beers on the menu. The beers are all flavorful and surprising, packing decent punches and spices, enough to satisfy a wide range of micro-beer lovers. The food is also fantastic. I especially dig the pretzel and hot wings. The pretzel is served hot and fresh, with a delicious dipping mustard. The hot wings (went with the cherry ale finish) were sweet and salty, meaty, crisp, and served with delicious blue cheese. Overall, outside of some shotty service, and some above average prices, I'd say this is a great spot to hang out with friends and catch up, drink a few great beers, and snack. Good stuff.
This place headlines and really brings a lot of people down to the waterfront in this section of Troy.  And Troy has some good things going for it, which is great to see.  The beer here is worth staying for, but the food is debatable. I've eaten here twice, and both times, the beer was great.  I usually stick to the brown ale.  I love drinking brews from the brewery.  But the food really lackluster.  One time, there for dinner, I had a burger with fries.  Nothing too great.  The second time, I was there for brunch and ordered a Monte Cristo.  Both meals suffered from the "Sysco effect".  The food was just bland and felt like it could have come from a Sysco truck. I've talked with other people who have experienced the same issues I have.  A great place for beer, but get your meal somewhere else.
I love trying micro brewers out and this one met my expectations for sure.  I had a cherry raspberry ale.  Great flavor, nice body, no hoppy aftertaste.   I also had sweet potatoe fries (dusted with cinnamon suger) and the de luca burger (bacon, Gouda and the same beer used in a BBQ sauce).   The food was great. Very full and very satisfied! Made me a happy traveler for sure. :)
What a fabulous lunch experience we had here today. The interior looked kind of dark, so considering the gorgeous weather we jumped at the chance to sit outside on the deck at the back of the restaurant. The deck was beautiful, with a very nice view overlooking the river, Things got off to a great start and never faltered. We were informed that in honor of Mother's Day, a free six-beer sampler was offered as a gift to the Mom in our party. We had fun looking at the list of over a dozen beers to pick the six. It was great that they served the samples with a printout of what they were --other brew pubs haven't done this in our experience. We also ordered 16 oz. glasses of the Whiskey Porter ($5.25) and Pale Ale ($4.75).  The Porter was smooth, creamy and delicious. I don't like IPA's, so I didnt try theirs, but my son enjoyed it.   Our food was a pulled pork sandwich ($10.29), an Uncle Sam Burger ($9.99), and I ordered the Mussels Bahama ($11.99).  I enjoy mussels, and I was sold by the unusual combination of ingredients in the broth -  "Steamed in Coconut Milk, Ginger, Garlic, Scallions, Mango, Jerk Seasoning and Cherry Raspberry Ale." Believe me, it tastes as good as it reads. Lunch cost $52 and it was one of the most enjoyable meals we have had in a long time. The cool wall mural of Uncle Sam (after all, Troy N.Y. IS the home of Uncle Sam!) waving a beer mug was pretty nifty..
I always get excited by their beer list and then I remember that their beer just isn't very good. To me, it always tastes watered down and lacking in flavor. I just don't dig it. The food is your usual bar fare - and I recommend sticking to the bar menu. The food used to be good  -- I've gone many times in the past and had a satisfactory meat or vegetarian entree (their roasted red pepper tortellini was one of my favorites) but since they've hired a new head chef I just find that the food is very bland and even watery. It's very disappointing. The bar food is, however, just fine. I still enjoy their reubens and french fries. It's also very affordable. The atmosphere is lovely as well, although oddly enough last time we went (a Saturday night at 7:00) it was really empty. Maybe it's more of a college kid hangout than a locals hangout.
Figure I should give a update because I haven't review this place in a while. I had to bump it up to a 5 stars because of the Brown Ale, that stuff is liquid gold! Met a friend for lunch today and he has never been to Brown's, he likes drinking good beer too so I figured he is going to love this place.  We sat at the bar and both ordered burgers.  A coworker that he works with comes to Brown's daily for her growler refill and told him to order a burger and try their Hoodoo Voodoo ale.  They were out of the Hoodoo Voodoo ale so I told him order a Brown ale.  I haven't met anyone that doesn't love that beer yet.  I order their old hickory burger and my friend order their Uncle Sam burger.  Just as I suspected he loved the brown ale, no surprise to me I knew he would.  The burgers were perfect, fresh, tasted great and with  brown ale to wash it down how can it get any better. We hung around for another pint each before checking out.  We actually bought a few 22 ounces for later that night to drink.  He bought 4 and I bought 1.  Needless to say he really liked the beer.  He actually texted me later in the night and said brown ale is now his favorite beer.  Keep doing what you guys are doing at Brown's...the beer and the food are just perfect!
If you like sub-par breweries, this could be your place. Fairly bland poorly crafted beer and nothing remarkable about the decor. I would love to say more about this place but it is hard to add to the overall descriptor of 'blah.' That said, the staff was friendly, and if I can remember correctly through a beer induced fog I believe there was a view of the water.
The beer here was GREAT!  Try the whiskey porter...it is fabulous!   I enjoyed the house burger and my mother had the grilled chicken sandwich.  The BBQ sauce on the chicken sandwich was great.  It was marinated in the cherry raspberry beer.   The service was great and the atmosphere was even better.  Try out this beer!
Browns is very solid. Came here for my friend's 21st birthday dinner (she went to RPI) in August of 2010. I can't remember what beer I got -- it was either Oatmeal Stout or Cherry Raspberry (a friend got one and I got the other and I think we split them). Both were excellent and I've heard great things about the other brews as well. Chicken wings were great -- deep-fried, super crispy. I normally prefer non-breaded wings but these were so good I didn't mind. I split a dozen with a friend and we also tried chicken spiedies, which were good. Overall, I'd come back. I think I'd have to come here more than once to give it more stars.
Troy original. The main attraction is of course the beer they make. Personal favorite is the oatmeal stout. They have had a number of chefs but I think the current iteration is probably the best yet. And the beer is delicious and cheap as hell $3.50 beer of the day! I love the Haddock Po' Boy! it can get pretty busy on the weekends, but worth going whenever.
First timer in the town and at Brown's Brewing Co. American wheat beer was great, my friend had the chef Luca burger which was excellent. I had the hickory chicken sandwich which I personally would have enjoyed more being grilled but it seemed hand battered and regardless the sandwich was great. The fries are also, hands down, some of the best I've had in a long time. Enjoy!
Brown's has always provided a reliable dining experience. The food is good & simple; offering traditional pub fare such as sandwiches, burgers and wings along with a selection of entrees. The wait staff and bartenders are pleasant, but sometimes overwhelmed leading some reviewers to complain about service at Brown's. The best features about Brown's are the atmosphere and the beer. Brown's is a great place to meet up with friends or coworkers for a few beers or a social meal. At any time, Brown's offers between 10 and 12 of their beers on tap. My personal favorites (in no particular order) are: Tomhannock Pilsner, Cherry Raspberry Ale, and Pumpkin Ale (seasonal). I wouldn't say Brown's is as good as it gets, but I am certainly a fan.
I was really happy with the beer.  I sampled both the regular porter and the whiskey porter, and both were great.  Those two beers were 5-star quality, on par with some of the best craft brewers I've had from were I currently live in the Pacific Northwest (Black Raven, Rogue, Fremont, etc).  The bartender was great when I was there last week on a Monday. The food is below-average pub fare, which is the only reason I give it a 4 instead of a 5.  I got some bratwurst thing that certainly was not the 'best of the wurst' as the menu claimed.  It was basically three halves of a bratwurst, no bun, and a bunch of kraut and onions piled on it, with some undercooked potatoes ringing the whole thing.  It was edible but I wasn't happy... it didn't taste very good. Come here for the beer, avoid the food, and you'll be fine.
Great beer, great food, fun place. I had their IPA, which is great. My friends and I split the Risotto of the Day and wings, and I had their Classic Reuben with the Rosemary and Sea Salt Steak Frites. Yummy!
Nice place. Burgers are big and good. Nice atmosphere with a river view. All very nice. The staff was pleasant. They had something like 12 home crafted brews. I REALLY wanted to try the oatmeal stout but couldn't because of work. Overall, nice place that I would return to in the evening when I could sample their brews. That might bump it up a notch.
Amazing views of the river and great back deck, for those of you who love to sit outside. Huge dining room and rooms for parties. Food is good, not great. What is GREAT though, is their beer. Cherry wheat and golden Hefeweizen are my top picks. Go there to sample a local beer and eat some brew fries, you can't go wrong with those two menu items.
First of all, I don't drink so this is only on the food, service, atmosphere, etc.   The food is excellent.  I have never been disappointed.  From awsome burgers to pork osso bucco, all the dishes are good. It is a bar, so the crowd is rowdy and the restaurant service could be better.  There is a mixed crowd.  Plenty of RPI students, RPI families, locals, and folks from the greater Capital district.  Its always a good time.  I was always there with family and or friends so we were never too rushed anyway.  I just graduated from RPI and will miss going to Browns.   If you are new to Troy or are passing through, I would defiantly recommend Browns.  My brother is a beer nerd and he loved the beer, so I would expect that is another positive attribute.
I'm not one for giving a restaurant a 5 star rating, but Browns deserves it.  They have become a local favorite with great beer and food and a wonderful atmosphere to relax and enjoy it all. Browns is a great place to go spend time with friends, to go on a date, or to enjoy the locally brewed beer which tastes great.  They have a decent beer selection to choose from and always have something new in the mix to spruce up the list.  The better beer to go for is the Whiskey Porter, Cherry Raspberry Ale, and the Hefeweizen.  I did try the Pumpkin Ale last Autumn and it was interesting, where it was kind of like a liquid pumpkin pie, which I honestly thought it was good.  Overall, the beer is very flavorful and Browns gets it right with the ingredients that they use. Browns has one of the better pub menus in the Capital District, with dishes that they incorporate their own beer into the recipes.  For appetizers, their wings are meaty and delicious, especially with there Cherry Raspberry Ale BBQ sauce, and the beer pretzels with their Pale Ale mustard is simply a must.  For the meal I tend to go with the Chef Luca Burger as a safe bet, but have gone with Fish and Chips, Sage's Pasta, and their Classic Reuben, all delicious and hearty.  The wife goes for the Smokestack Wrap (replaced with the Gobbler Wrap), but even though it's off of the menu now the staff still makes it on request. The staff at Browns is also great and very helpful.  They know when to assist and do a great job with keeping up on the drinks.  I cannot recall ever having an issue while visiting Browns. If you're looking for a new microbrewery, great food, and good times, Browns has it all.  I highly recommend them so give them a try if you haven't done so already!
Good beer, good food..........great place to go sit outside have a beer and a pretzel on the back deck.
Excellent beer, food, and service. All around great time and atmosphere. Recommend one of their burgers with a fresh IPA.
Stopped here on the way to and back from Vermont.  They make freakin amazing wings and the beers are pretty good too.  I especially enjoyed the Oatmeal stout.  Give it a try if you are in the area.  You will not be disappointed. A+
Great beer, great food, good atmosphere for a bar (you can sit upstairs for a little less noise.
I had an out-of-country guest visiting for the weekend and suggested Brown's because of good experiences in the past and the outdoor patio.   What a mistake.  There were people smoking nearby and despite my pleas to the waiter that they stop smoking, the smokers continued.  Moreover, one of the smokers was quite intoxicated and was interacting with other patrons in a loud and inappropriate manner.  Our displeasure was obvious yet nothing was done to ask these patrons or staff or friends of staff to leave.  The drinks were fine, but our main dish (appetizer) was profoundly unappealing in presentation and preparation.  We both left with a stomach ache.  Please clean up your act Brown's or lose your formerly good reputation.  It will be a long time before I try again. I was embarrassed and apologized to my guest for such an unpleasant ending to our day.   On a positive note: The waiter was very pleasant but apparently powerless or ineffectual in asking the smokers and drunks to leave.  I thought smoking in restaurants was illegal.
First, full disclosure: I was a busboy here for a couple of months during a fall semester a couple years back. Brown's is probably one of my favorite places to go in Troy.  If I have the cash to afford a run (which shouldn't be a concern for most people, since I'm a broke college student) I love getting a few friends together and making a run down the hill. The beers are incredible on their own, especially the darker offerings.  The Whiskey Porter (when in season) is nothing short of phenomenal, while the standard Porter and Oatmeal Stout are excellent in their own right.  I'm not really one for fruit beers, but the Cherry-Raspberry Ale is actually a very, very delicious offering, with very authentic fruit flavors and minimal sweetness.  (Heads up on that one, though, the ABV is well over 6%.  I personally suggest making the quick walk to work it off if you're planning a trip, although to be fair I'm not the prime target for Troy street crime either.)  The only beer I'm not really a fan of is the Hefeweizen.  A number of friends and I have all tried it on separate occasions, and while it is nicely balanced, there's a hint of "hot dog water" taste that's hard to forget once somebody mentions it.  Sort of like the arrow in the FedEx logo, actually, which is unfortunate. While my beer snobbery has been my primary motivation for visits ever since my 21st, the food is excellent as well.  The burgers are very nice, the appetizers are all delicious (I'm a big fan of their take on French onion soup) and some of the sandwiches, namely "The World's Best Reuben" (*cough*) are mind-blowingly good.  Some of the more substantial hand-held dishes do end up skewing a bit to the greasy side, but with a good beer in hand, you forget about that pretty quickly.  (And if you're under 21, the homemade root beer and cream soda will do the same.  I remember seeing people order growlers of those.) The big gripe that I've encountered as a customer and heard time and time again during my brief employ was service times.  The kitchen at Brown's would be adequate if the only seating areas were the downstairs booths and the bar, but factor in the weekend rush and the extensive upstairs seating areas, a great deal of patience (~30 minutes after ordering at peak times, if I remember correctly) is a valuable asset to bring along.  I'm of the opinion that it's worth the wait, but I'm also of the opinion that avoiding the typical weekend rush would be smarter. All in all, Brown's is definitely worth a trip, especially if you're into beer.
I've been going to Brown's since it first opened as Brown and Moran. The beers always been great but the food and service has gone up and down. I've been a few times lately and up until the last time we went for lunch we've been pleased. This time however I ordered the Blue Collar Sandwich, my husband ordered the fish and chips sandwich (we've ordered both before). Both of our meals were a lot smaller than they've been in the past. Really did not get our money's worth. The one bright spot was my daughter's quesadilla, large portion, fresh and tasty.
Food and beer was delicious. We got burgers and a veggie burger (more a pate but very good) Service is great.  Also try the cherry beer.  We went on a friday night so it was loud and there was a band but it was fun.
One star because of the staff alone. They are snotty and they talk down to you.
Browns is one of my go-to places to eat and drink in the Capital Region.  It's also a place where I like to take out-of-town guests who should have a good meal locally.  Not only do they have quality beer and a good food menu, the wait tends to be be shorter than the Pump Station in Albany.  Also, while you wait, they have both indoor and outdoor (in warmer weather) bars, so you can have a beer while you wait.  I'm a big fan of the Cheery Raspberry Ale, but I like the Pale Ale and Brown Ale as well.  For the food, I really like their spinach artichoke dip and chicken spiedies for an appetizer (and you really can't find spiedies elsewhere in the area, from my experiences).  I enjoy their Old Hickory Burger, but would like the sausage platter that they had on their menu at one time to come back.  Make it a point to come here.
"Brewing Brown Ale is to Believe" by Josh K. Heaven can best described as sitting out on a deck on the Hudson River with a pint of Brown Ale in hand. You may be mad that I equate a Troy brewery with our eternal resting spot in the clouds. At first glance, you would be justified. Browns Brewing Company does not have great food...it is very average. When it is crowded, the service is horrible. When there is a live band, it is too loud...and crowded. But take a sip of any of their beers brewed on premises, and you are an instant believer. The Smoked Whiskey Barrel Porter, the Oatmeal Stout, the fresh and fruity Cherry Raspberry Ale, or their signature Brown Ale, all are extremely delicious. If you need a little relief from the crowd, the deck out back overlooking the Hudson River is a great place to hangout. The cheap sliders on NFL Sunday are also a nice snack to go along with the homemade beer. But what it really comes down to is the simple fact that because I love their beer, I can't help but to love this place. With Jose Malone's, River Street Cafe, Revolution Hall, Ryan's Wake, and Dinosaur Barbeque all on the same little strip on the Hudson, the River Street neighborhood of Troy is easily my favorite section of the Capital Region. And the Brown Ale is Holier than thou.
My first visit was today. Friend recommended it, says it's his favorite place. Didn't realize there was a river view off the back or even outdoor seating because the hostess didn't tell me (even though I mentioned that I'd never been there before). She just asked if I wanted food to go or to stay (should have checked Yelp before I went, would have found out about it, but I didn't think to because I trust my friend's taste in food implicitly). It was a gorgeous day, and I probably would have ordered more and stayed even longer if I'd been outside (their loss, I suppose). The dining room was nice, and Pat (my waiter) was friendly and relatively attentive. Also did not have their own brand of soft drinks recommended to me when I explained I couldn't drink alcohol because I had a long drive home (was far away from home for the day on business). I ended up having water because I didn't realize the non-alcoholic drinks were in the beer menu (which is really the drinks and dessert menu). I guess I should have noticed, but I think as an employee who should be trying to get me to spend more there, he should have jumped on listing off the non-alcoholic beverages they offer before I had a chance to ask for water. That was unfortunate. I will have to have a glass of root beer and soak up the view next time. However, I got their medium wings. They were fantastic! I am very fond of wings and was impressed with them. I couldn't eat them all, so I brought half of them home. My boyfriend had some and he flipped over them, even though they'd been sitting in the fridge! I'll have to guard the rest from him, I think. The nice, quiet dining room and the blue sky out the window along with the wonderful wings were a nice way to transition from the business part of my day to my drive home and the fun I had planned when I got back home. My last complaint is that it took an awfully long time for him to notice that I was done. I feel uncomfortable flagging waitstaff down, so I left later than I had meant to because of this. Will visit any time I'm in the area again. Not a beer drinker, and couldn't drink on this visit anyhow, but I brought home a Hefe-Weizen for him, so I'll see if he wants to tack on a review of the beer to the end of my review after he drinks it. Update: Ate the rest of the wings the next day, still delicious! Update again: He enjoyed the beer.
The beer was great, but the food was just OK. Enjoyed the location and patio seating on the river.
I went to brown's Taproom with my girlfriend last night and it was one of the best experiences I have had a restaurant in a while. What really stuck out were the wings. Our waitress helped us decide on what kind we should get and she suggested the BBQ that are kind of a fruit sounding sauce, the wings are dipped in mild sauce first. Wow! is all I can say. They were so good, probably the best wings I've ever had including my own and I consider my own wings to be top notch. They had great beer, not extraordinary but very good. The burgers were great and the staff was excellent. I left a hefty tip in kind but to be honest we wanted to kiss the waitress for the wings they were so good. Excellent meal I will be going back this week before I head back to Iraq. That's a meal I want to remember.
