This is a late review considering all the times that I have dined here. But late is better than never (though it was probably better than *right* then). First off, let's start with the restaurant itself. The place is very small. Because of this, you should opt to get your burgers to go, especially if you are with a large group. It can get very crowded, very fast. When you order your food, it takes a little while for the order to come out. No real big deal, you can see the people making the food in front of you, so you know that they actually make the burgers and they don't just use pre-prepared "food". As a direct consequence, the larger amount of people waiting, the longer the wait time. Talking about the burgers themselves, please understand that the South Troy Burger is my go-to order, so I don't have quite a large understanding of the menu. However, my experiences with the South Troy Burger has been pretty good, for the most part. The meat is sometimes too bland, sometimes over-spiced, sometimes has an odd consistency. However, the overall burger works, even the peanut butter. As far as improvements go, the expansion of the restaurant doesn't seem to be a viable solution, so I am reluctant to take off too much for that. Overall, my recommendation is that this is a place that you should be interested in. It's not a definite must-go, but still a great place to go. Although, if you do go it, I recommend that you get your meal to-go.
Ordered our burgers medium rare. Took forever to get our food in a non-rush time and we essentially got hockey pucks on a bun. One of the worst burgers I've ever had to pay money for. From price, to the wait, to the food itself, there was not one thing I enjoyed about this experience.
I'm not at all impressed with the burgers or fries.  I've been twice late night.  Both times the burgers were cooked to a hockey puck consistency.  They cook the shit out of those burgers all the while constantly pressing down on them, ultimately squeezing any flavor and juiciness out of them.  They don't listen to requests.  Ask for a "pink" burger and you will still get a dried out, grey matter,tasteless resemblance of a burger.  And you'll be waiting at least 20 minutes when there's no one else there. Much, much longer if anyone else is there.  It's like they cook one burger at a time kind of slow.. The fries? Holy crap they suck.  They need to crank up the temperature on the fryer and change that grease once in a while.  The fries are limpy and saturated with grease.  Nothing crispy about them. And the paparika and whatever other shit they sprinkle them with to make them look like they are cooked even though they aren't...really, really sucks.  Aweful. The only reason I gave them two stars is because ONE-your underage brother sister who just got wasted while visiting you over the weekend really needs some greasy shit to help them recover from their illegal binge drinking.  TWO-they are the only late night option when the bars close once I Love Pizza closes. Rating if they were open during lunch and diner and the only eating option-one.
If you need a place to eat and its late and every other restaurant is closed brown bag will be there for you! Since they are open so late it is always a staple of college students. The burgers are cooked in front of you and the fries are so good and greasy. If you want a delicious burger then go here.
Haven't been a fan for a few months due to the excessive wait times and rising prices, and this was the icing on the cake to make me never want to go back to the Brown Bag: consumerist.com/2013/10/… I'll give them credit for flipping out, and then basically resuming business as usual and not discussing the incident instead of rehashing it for months. But still, that bout is what keeps me from returning.
Extremely friendly service and innovative food choices.  I tried the donut burger.  I liked that they included peanut butter and bacon, which made the burger tasty. The burger itself very thick, but a little over cooked for my liking. It was so hot in the restaurant that I waited outside for a to-go order.  However when the order was ready they brought it out to me.  I thought that was a nice touch.
The burgers here are awesome. Might be the best in the area. The owner is really friendly and makes sure everything is top quality and that you enjoy your whole experience at the brown bag. Anytime I crave a burger its my first thought.
Relax and let the staff create a great late night snack for you. The products here are simple offerings; well thought-out, and made to order. There are zero vegetarian options available late night around here, so I appreciate Brown Bag for offering grilled cheese, roasted asparagus & brussel sprouts into the morning hours. With two years in business, The Brown Bag has created a loyal following for late night eaters in the city of Troy.
Wanted to love it.  Honestly.  It would be a big help to me, since I am frequently in a bind about where to dine late night in downtown Troy.   OK, first, the fries: I read that after frying, they coat the "American" fries with BUTTER and some sort of mystery flavoring, (from Kitch'N Kitchen, a local spice mix joint.)  I was surprised, to say the least, when that flavor hit my mouth:  "What the hell is this... flowers?"  I still do not know what that flavor is, & why it is on fries.  The bag of fries was so greasy that it oiled up the big brown bag ALL the food came in.  (again, butter on fries?  I didn't taste any butter.  if i'm eating butter, I damn well better be tasting it, am I right?) Now, on to the burger: It was dry.  It came stacked high with "The Works", even though I detected no condiments.  The burgers are rather round, and the toppings seem to be all piled up on top of each other to give the appearance of a thick, appealing burger.  The tomato slice was thick for such a wimpy meat portion.  The onion slice was the butt end near the roots.  Who among us is not expecting a few rings of onion on a burger?   Well, I've seen what all the fuss is about: nothing.     Why mess with burger & fries?  Make the burgers flatter, less wait time for your customers.  Skip the butter & "seasoning" on the fries.   To be fair, the young man who waited on us was super cool.
The guy that works up front (owner?) is a total jerk. They do this thing where the guy in the back cooks up the food then puts it on the counter and yells "order up". To me and my friends we thought this meant that the food was ready. So we go up and read the receipt to see if it was ours and the guy up front flies off the handle and tells my friend not to touch things on the counter. Honest mistake, but the guy was a total d-bag about it. We weren't loud or obnoxious or anything like that, and this wasn't even late at night when all the drunk people come in. So there wasn't really any good reason for the guy to react the way he did. I decided to give it another chance though later on. I figure everyone has their off-days and that might have been a bad day for him, but almost the exact same thing happened. This time I was with a larger group and I didn't get a chance to warn everybody about the "order up" thing. So someone else made the same mistake and guess what - he chewed them out too. I'm thinking maybe he should just come up with a better way of serving food instead of continually yelling at people for thinking their order is ready. The food was not memorable enough to mention in any detail. So I won't.
I love a good sloppy burger and some greasy fries just as much as the next guy. And I had been hearing so many good things about The Brown Bag from people whose taste I trusted, I was really looking forward to giving this place a try. Maybe there was too much hype. Maybe I wasn't quite tipsy enough. But I will admit to having a couple glasses of wine at The Confectionery before meandering down to this spot. Sometimes you don't want to nibble on charcuterie and artisan cheese. Sometimes you just want to shove a burger and fries in your maw. Really I wanted to order one of everything. But I limited myself to a burger, fries, and a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. Yes, the wait time for food was excruciating. Still, I deduct no points for that. I'll wait for good food. Yes, the seating felt like some kind of grungy college cafe. But, I deduct no points for that either. I've enjoyed some great food while standing on a street corner, leaning over so not to drip pork fat all over my shirt. But the food is where it went south. The burger was dry. Flavorless wouldn't be entirely accurate, as it did have flavor. But not nearly enough to justify the fat and calories involved in this indulgence. And yes, it's well done. That's the stylistic choice The Brown Bag makes with their burgers. But Five Guys makes the same choice and is able to deliver specimens that are juicy and robustly beefy. The fries were also not on the mark. Greasy fries are okay. Greasy and limp are unappealing. Fortunately, their bacon, egg and cheese sandwich was outstanding! It wasn't just good, it was great. And it's on the strength of that one offering that they earned the second star. Still, with burgers and fries that perform below the level of national chains I see no reason to return. If I'm in the need of late night eats there are plenty of other much more delicious things to choose from in the area. Maybe your experience will be different. Or maybe the folks who really like this place just enjoy dried out burgers and consider them more of a canvas for toppings. I don't know. But I failed to see what everyone is so excited about.
Don't believe the hype! I really wanted to like the brown bag. I am a burger freak and I had heard so much good about this place.   The product is similar to what your mom might whip up in a half hearted attempt to replicate a Five Guys burger and fries.  In other words it's an over seasoned tightly formed handball shaped patty that's been completely overcooked and topped  with some one inch thick onion slices, sad looking tomato, on a food service bun.   The food service bun dipped in ketchup alone was better than fries.   The fries have that rancid old oil in the deep fryer taste that even a fire house of hot sauce can't completely mask. The South Troy Burger on a Donut with peanut butter is cool and is the only redeeming thing about this place.   The burgers are simply terrible, and the fries are disgusting.   To add insult to injury the wait time is just short of forever. I thought this was going to be Troy's answer to the Albany late night burger institution of Dan's Place aka dirty dan's.   It is not even comparable and I will fight you for saying otherwise.   It you are stuck in Troy late and the 4th st pizza joints are closed you are just plain SOL. Bottom line: If wasted and stranded in Troy at 4:30 am it's an option.
I've lived in Troy for 7 years and finally tried the brown bag tonight. Walking inside and I instantly smell that they have the same ventilation system as the illium cafe... that is to say, NONE. This would not be much of an issue if they could get your food to you quickly and you could leave. Sadly, we waited 25-30 minutes for 2 burgers and 2 fries (on the same receipt). There were only 4 people in front of us. They ordered and we ordered immediately after them. They got their burgers, ate at a table and left. Meanwhile, we're siting there for another 10 minutes or so wondering if maybe someone forgot to make our food? Finally, they yell my name. I go to the counter and the kid asks me if it's to go or eat in. Evidently, it's been so long since we ordered that he forgot I already told him it's TO GO. I paid $1.25 extra for bacon and found out when I got home that there was no bacon on my tiny burger. Why are the burgers so small? The fries were so greasy (and heavily seasoned) that I couldn't eat them (see picture posted). Overall, I think this place is slow and disgusting. I don't understand the draw here??? Someone help me to understand what is so great about a burger joint that makes you wait 25 minutes for a friggin burger and overly greasy fries. I want my $19 back Brown Bag! You should change your name to "The Slow Greasy Brown Bag" EDIT: the owner actually messaged me today (5/21) about my review. In an effort to be fair to the business, I've added his rebuttal to my review.... "Our burgers are neither tiny nor are the fries overly greasy, however you're more than welcome to come and see me for your $19 if you actually have the balls to show your face.  In the future, rather than bitching about things on yelp perhaps you can bring your concerns to the BUSINESS OWNER so your conncerns can be rectified.  We have many thousands of loyal customers and fans, you obviously have some serious problems.   Please do not return to my restaurant."
Okay, so I've only been here once, and I've only gotten two things. However, there's no particular reason that the food should have been worse than usual tonight (it wasn't particularly busy or anything), and I don't think I should be able to complain about three aspects of my experience when I got two items off a menu that only has about eight on it. If for some reason, I am desperate enough for food at some point in the future to go back here, maybe I'll be able to update my review. As of now, though, I'm baffled as to why everyone seems to like this place so much. I got a cheeseburger and seasoned fries. First off, I waited a full half hour for these items. I sat on a stool without once being checked on or getting anything by way of an apology. I know how long it takes to cook a burger and fry up a batch of fries. Not only that, but I sat and watched the girl do it (and frankly, I'm still unclear on how she made it take that long). There were not an inordinate number of orders going at once, and they were all burgers and fries of one type; no veggies or grilled cheese, etc., so it should have been easy to make the batches pretty efficiently. The fries are nothing special; in fact, somehow, I got almost all outside cuts which I don't like at all. They're incredibly greasy, even for fries. And for "seasoned" fries, they had very little flavor. Not a ton of seasoning, period, and no salt, as far as I could tell. The burger was, as others have pointed out, carelessly assembled. You might expect this from a McDonald's employee, but when the cook takes 30 minutes to get your burger to you, you'd think that time would include a little care. The patty was falling out one side of the bun, the onions were not individual pieces, but a full slice still stuck together, so that it was only in one spot on the burger, the lettuce was falling out the opposite side of the bun as the patty. There was very little cheese, very little mayo, and the ketchup I asked for wasn't on there. The patty itself was overcooked by almost anyone's standards. It was dry and tasted mostly of char (and not the Cajun kind; the "I don't know how to cook a burger" kind). The bun, which is clearly meant to be different/ exciting (Ooo, poppy seeds!) was just not very good. The one really positive thing I can say about this experience is that the cashier was very friendly. I realize that this is sort of a niche joint and it's pretty cheap. But it also promotes itself as GOOD, cheap food. So far, for me, it hasn't lived up to that AT ALL. And I'm sorry, but I don't care how cheap your food is; unless you're Michelin starred or some crap, if you're going to make me sit and stare at the wall for a freaking full half an hour while you cook a flipping burger and fries, they'd better at least be good.
Went to the Food Truck today in downtown Albany on my lunch.  Very interesting choices on the menu, if you're into creativity.  I have had the Grilled Cheese hot dog (delicious by the way), but today I went with the famous "South Troy Burger."  For those that don't know, the Burger comes with bacon and peanut butter on top.  As for the buns, they use a glazed donut cut in half.  It wasn't as messy eating it as I thought it might've been as long as you keep the wrapping on it. It was absolutely delicious!  It was a really well flavored burger as each flavor complimented the next!!! I would definitely recommend it to those willing to try something outside of the box!
Here's the facts Great burgers! Open in the middle of the night, for all you stoners Crazy awesome burger combinations Staff is friendly and happy for being awake at 2am Never a let down Things they could improve, even though they still get 5/5 =) Not much seating, sitting outside might result with you getting robbed by some troy goons. A little pricey for burgers. But still worth it. Sometimes you might wait 15 mins for your food, but who is in a rush at 2 am anyways.
My wife found out about this place a short time ago and we've already tried just about everything on the main menu. This place is THE oasis is the desert of late night dining. It's not really a hang out place, although you can and a lot do. But there's not a lot of room or tables. But we're here for the food anyway. Late night after a gig, when everything is closed except fast food and the out of the way diner, this is now our go to destination. The burgers are big, juicy, and an explosion of taste that makes you want to tilt your head back and clothes your eyes as you take it all in. The bacon, egg and cheese. They use real bacon and they fry it on the grill. The eggs are tasty and fresh and the bacon tastes like real bacon...because it is. Which brings us to the BLT. Most places skimp on the bacon, add some tomato and load it up with iceberg lettuce. I don't like lettuce on my BLT's so imagine the look of fear I get when I order one without lettuce. I decided to see what The Brown Bag does with a normal order. Surprisingly they only put two leaves of lettuce and it was a nice green leaf instead of the iceberg. I still pulled on leaf off because I prefer a bacon and tomato taste without the overpowering lettuce, but the lettuce actually tasted good on this sandwich. Bacon throughout. It deserves repeating: BACON THROUGHOUT. They do not skimp on bacon. Maybe it's because it's real and flavorful. I don't know, but this BLT got two thumbs up from me. My favorite BLT place now. Had a grilled cheese. It was good, but I just got the regular grilled cheese, no added bacon or tomato. It was good, nothing special. But it was good. It didn't taste like plastic on cardboard. When you want a grilled cheese and don't want to be raped by price, come here. I could never understand why diners charge almost as much for a grilled cheese as they do a burger. At The Brown Bag, a couple bucks and you can satisfy your late night craving for hot melted cheese on buttery toasted bread. Ever have Wise hot potato chips? Ever have really good Jersey shore fries? Combine the two and you have their American Fries. If you've never tried one or both, do yourself a favor and try the American Fries. We both had the Brown's Ale sausage and onions. Didn't have peppers this time. Talk about taking you back to sausage sandwiches on the Jersey shore or at various street festivals. At first I didn't know what to make of the round sausage patty, but one bite squelched any doubts. So here's the bottom line. There's not a lot of room, but there is if you get there and it's not crowded. They don't have a lot on the menu, but everything is good and you'll have a hard time picking which one to get. So bring more money and buy a couple things. You'll thank me later.
What the hell? I seriously haven't reviewed the Brown Bag yet? Then allow me to set this injustice right: The Brown Bag is phenomenal. First of all, the burgers and fries are both fantastic. They're so tasty and done perfectly, every single time. The staff here, especially Terry (who is a very hands-on and involved guy), are awesome. One of the great aspects of the Brown Bag is the vibe. It's pretty cool, especially since they have a tabletop Pacman game. Love it! Now combine all of this cool stuff with the fact that they're open from 5 PM to 5 AM every day, and you've got a winner. The only thing that sucks is the seating is very limited, so you may find yourself having to take the burger to go. Other than that, though, I'm a huge Brown Bag fan and recommend it to anyone who wants a damn good burger.
We met up with a friend at this place in the evening.  There are a few tables and places to sit, but luckily it wasn't too crowded and we managed to snag a table.  This is a place you order and then grab your food once it comes out for the most part.   Having eaten prior to meeting up with my friend, I opted for the grilled cheese with bacon.  It was tasty and the bacon was done nicely - crisp but not too crunchy.  Both my husband and friend went for different types of burgers.  The husband's had a fresh pico de gallo of sorts on it and he devoured it.  I stole a bit of the topping and it was amazing and made me sad I didn't get the same thing.  My friend seemed to enjoy his burger as well. They offer a variety of cans of soda, which is interesting.  The fries are seasoned and a bit spicy.  The service is what you'd expect from a greasy spoon type place in a college area.  Overall, it was a great experience and I'd stop by again if in the area.
Oh shit yeah. Night owls unite! Your beacon of deliciousness has finally arrived. Before Brown Bag, if you wanted food at 5 am in Troy you were essentially limited to Pizza Bella. But that place is awful so don't even think about going there. Instead, roll the rest of the way down the hill and hit up Brown Bag. You will fall in love. They have a fairly limited menu, but it's superb and you can customize your order quite a bit. I've had everything on the menu and it's all delicious. The fries are out of this world and are basically what fried potatoes were meant to be.  The decor is a little divey, but chill and clean, and they have one of those awesome game-tables you can sit at and play pac-man. Terry and the staff are awesome and the portions are solid, so you don't have to worry about going hungry. One thing that does make me a little sad is that they use American cheese. It's not even real cheese! The one thing that would make me eat here almost daily would be veggie burgers. HINT HINT TERRY Edit: They now have portabella sandwiches. Awwww yeah.
Sorry Five Guys. I have been to The Brown Bag 2 times now. First time a busy night after an RPI hockey game and the place was rockin' had a Bacon Cheeseburger and fries. The burger was awesome and the fries are greasy and perfect . Tonight's trip  Double Bacon Cheeseburger  (epic), add a fried egg and those awesome seasoned fries. They were a little slower tonight the service was great the guys working the grill super Friendly. The place is a in an a great old brownstone, just the right location to get your eat on. Two thumbs way up! Run don't walk To The Brown Bag in Downtown Troy.
Come here often because of location and hours.  Great for after class and getting something to eat after your dining hall plan has failed you by closing at 8. The burgers are great, when you're drunk.  I can seem to bring myself to enjoy them as much as I used to.  They are good, and you can put everything on it (including fried egg), but lately it seems that it hasn't been as juicy as when it first opened. That being said I keep coming back for the hot dog grilled cheese.  With tomatoes, or bacon, or sauteed onions it always seems to hit the spot.
after a certain hour, you are limited to the drive-thru here, not any more! The brown bag is open from 6pm to 6am and is fantastic the burger -- better than 5 guys, with a fried egg on top, with a fried.egg. and the fries?  close your eyes, eat one, you are in france eating frites -- the butter is a welcome addition to those troy-produced spice mixtures amazing
When I first heard about this place, I thought they had posted the wrong hours. How happy I was to learn that they were correct! This is THE place to come for late night eats in downtown Troy. Midnight munchies? Done. Late night study break? Check. After bar snackery? You got it. Not only does this place have good eats, its price points are extremely reasonable for what it offers. A burger with the works is $4. Add an egg (which I love doing!) for an extra buck. Grilled cheese $2, with bacon $3. The burgers are easily better than Five Guys (huge patty and much cheaper), although you get more variety of toppings at Five Guys. If you don't want comfort food, Brown Bag occasionally offers a bit more pizazz (grilled pineapple anyone?). About the only downside is that you do have to wait a bit after you order your food to get it. Delicious takes time, after all. I have seen people phone in ahead and pick up their order though, so that's possibly an option. So, are you going to get a reheated slice of pizza elsewhere, or are you going to get some Delicious?
Okay wait, a greasy-ass grill that's open OVERNIGHT ONLY to cater to the drunken crowd when the bars let out? This guy is a genius. And the good news is, he's expanding his hours, planning to open the doors a full three hours earlier to do a standard dinner service on top of the overnight mess. I haven't set foot in the place so I can't tell you what I know, but my husband said it was about the best little dive he'd ever seen. He and a friend went over there with the intent of getting the "South Troy" burger- (a glazed donut cut down the middle with a peanut-butter slathered bacon burger sandwiched right in between)- but it turns out that's only a Wednesday night nightmare. My husband came home with takeout- a hot dog sandwich for him (two all beef hot dogs, cut in half horizontally, and sandwiched inside a grilled cheese.) He LOVED it, even though he'd asked for bacon and they failed to put it on. He brought me a burger- I asked for extra lettuce, extra pickle, and extra mayo. It didn't look like there was extra anything on there, much to my chagrin. The burger was good though- flavorful, delicious broiled taste, crisp veg, creamy mayo, it had amazing flavor. My only complaint was that the beef patty was a little dry. Next time I'll request it medium rare and see if that helps. Their fries are seasoned with herbs and spices, well salty enough and definitely a little picante. They have a real kick to them! My only complaint there is that I wish they were crispier. As is they remind me a lot of Five Guys fries (in texture and cooking method only. The flavor is otherwise glorious.) And oh, have I mentioned the prices? Cheap. So flippin' cheap. Miraculously cheap. We're gamers, and up late regularly on weekends, all weekend long, and only live a few blocks south, so this will be a regular stop for us. We're pleased.
Brown Bag is an awesome addition to Downtown Troy, and I'm happy to see they're usually quite full.  The food is good - not just "it's a burger joint open at 4am in Troy!" good, but good good.  Food is fast, even when they're packed.  I'd come anytime, but I'm grateful to have good food open late. EDIT - I have updated my review. Prices have changed. So it's no longer "late and cheap" food, it's just open late. The prices are quickly matching Five Guys and the rest of the restaurants in the area. I want cheaper options in Troy! That was a big appeal of this place when it first opened and now it's completely changed. Also, the last few times I've gone they've dramatically overcooked "rare" burgers.
This has been on my list for quite some time and I finally got around to trying it. There is a lot of competition around here in the summertime as far as burger joints go and The Brown Bag is a contender in the game. The menu is pretty limited. You had better like burgers, fries, or grilled cheese if you plan on going. One thing they have a large assortment of is soda. They have 30 different varieties of Day's brand. Our wait was minimal and was spent playing Connect Four. Service is friendly and its the type of place where you'll be on a first name basis in a couple visits and have a "usual" order. The burgers are grilled to perfection and seasoned nicely. The fries are fresh cut and browned to a crisp with some seasoning as well. And if you notice the coins on the ceiling, its because all of their money is tied up in overhead. Nothing fancy here just good old fashioned American home cookin'.
Cheap and good enough for the price.  $4.50 for a well seasoned, reasonably juicy hamburger with a fried egg and tomato on a really fresh kaiser roll...not shabby.  It appears that the owner is running the grill and he was a nice and personable guy.  The space is really cute and clean too and there are games to play while you wait!  I'd liked to see mini-dogs added to the menu.   The hours are from 9pm to 6am and I hope this place stays afloat as it fills a need for a post beverage or an "i got out of work really late" meal.  Concept is great.  Prices are right.   For some reason I was smitten with the coins that were glued to the ceiling.  I have no idea why, but I really loved it.   Is it gourmet?  No.  But it is excellent for the price and the hours of availability in a city that tends to roll up the side walks after 10pm?  Absolutely.
Their hours have expanded from 6pm - 6am everyday, but the food is just as good as ever. 4 dollar burgers that are absolutely lights out. Eat your heart out, Five Guys! They've also got this monstrous bacon peanut butter burger on a donut, which is just way too crazy. I couldn't finish it, the peanut butter was too much. The only negative is that everything's made to order do it can take more time than you expect.
Ok burgers last night. Novel with the donuts and peanut butter but not a mind blower.  the south troy roll was not great and overall was a little dry without enough onions or a one sauce to equalize what may have been a stale bun or maybe a bun that simply wasn't that good to begin with. I would suggest butter prior to grilling the bun and more onions. Good vanilla shake. Place needs a bit less light outside the kitchen area.
This was not what I was hoping it would be but I am going to give it one more chance to be all that I had hoped and dreamed it would be. Nothing makes me happier than a nice juicy burger, dripping, oozing with cheese, smothered in condiments if I happened to order it with some, the bread slapped on the griddle so it soaks up some of the greasy goodness. Brown bag didn't deliver....on multiple counts, but had potential. The fries - I'll just say I don't prefer cajun flavoring fries, I like unadulterated fries so these aren't for me - but if that's your thing, have at it - I was willing to give it a try, but this is more so about the burger for me. I will say though - shakes are delish!!! My burger....not juicy, actually a little overdone. Cheese - not oozing, I couldn't really tell it was there. My condiments - those were present, but not quite spilling out the way a good burger should be. The bun - this is where its at - this had the greasy deliciousness I wanted - but not quite enough to save the whole burger. Other yelpers have said they had a juicy burger, so maybe I hit an off day. Maybe they were exhausted from doing the food truck fest today - I don't know. All I know is I was let down, especially after all those beautiful, mouth watering Facebook pictures they are always posting. I'm going to give it one more chance to make my burger dreams come true.
Go for the 4th street burger, absolutely unreal. Grilled cheese hot dog sandwich on toast, ah thank you. This place is great. Cooked to order, quality beef and ideal location. You're at The Ruck late night? Hit the Brown Bag instead of I Love then hit a cab home from across the street, no brainer.
Awesome food.  My husband loved the south troy burger, that's a burger with peanut butter, bacon on a glazed dobut, my son loves their fries and he's a picky eater.  Definitely going to a regular.
The burgers are great and really fresh. Five stars might be just a bit generous but it's definitely "as good as it gets!", at least near RPI. Everything is made  fresh once you order. The patty is quite meaty and while the burger may not have a very large diameter, it will probably be taller than it is wide. Make sure you order whatever toppings you want when you place the order. Unlike most places where you have to request things be taken out, they only put in what you tell them to. As far as I can tell, they only sell specialty soda's but with at least a dozen flavors, there's sure to be one that you like. Make sure to recycle it in the bins before you leave! Beware that it is small, so a large group might not be able to find seating. The only thing was that it took quite a while to get our order (~15 minutes for fries and two burgers). You might be able to call ahead to get an order started since two or three parties came in and got their food while we were still waiting. Overall, a fun little place: was very hard to explain to my foreign roommate why people would sign money and post it on the wall. I'll definitely be going back again soon!
This place puts out a seriously good burger.  The wife and I travel a good distance to eat here, past a Red Robin, down the street from a  5 Guys and several other places that serve hamburgers to go there.  Usually get a double cheeseburger with bacon and egg, followed by a grilled cheese hamburger when I am really hungry.  Have talked to the owner several times,  nice guy, serious about his job and what is served, although it does take me longer to go there, I have never had a bad experience.
Really great late night greasy food. I wouldn't eat this on a regular basis but the grilled cheese and homemade fries definitely hit the spot when it comes to late night food. Friendly staff, kinda a bit of a wait, but well worth it.
The Brown Bag is OK for the novelty of it--a place where you can go with all of your friends at two-in-the-morning to get some hamburgers, but in the end, it's really just that, a novelty. If this place weren't open late, there's really no redeeming factor to draw you in. You can easily get a much better-tasting hamburger in the Capital Region, and it's not even really all that convenient of a location considering its primary demographic. Put this place on College Ave., and you've got yourself a star among all of the other trash nearby RPI, but on 4th St., the only reason to go is because no one else is open. And on Fridays and Saturdays, you're better off walking down the street to the Flying Chicken, which is also open late.
Open late! Good food. I really liked it!
Amazingly great food. Great menu. All six family members love it! On my bucket list is a South Troy burger, I haven't been brave enough yet!
My favorite place to hit up for a midnight snack. Best/cheapest burgers in town and friendly service!
* All 3 burger orders of group were burnt. * Waited 30 minutes (no exaggeration for said burgers). * Food was nothing to rave about. As a college student of Troy, having a place to eat past 2 AM other than I Loves was exciting, but after 2 goes with Brown Bag, it is a NO go. When 5 menu items are offered, all prepared on the griddle, it seems unreasonable for 4 people to be waiting for 30 minutes. I even attempted to give them a second try, but when approached with the problem I experienced my previous visit the employee offered no apologies and no explanations and proceeded to make me feel like a jacka**. A simple "sorry, that's just how it goes some nights" would have suited me fine, but instead I now feel extremely uncomfortable going in there again. What a bummer, so much opportunity to flourish in a college town starving for late night food, but that doesn't mean you can throw customer service out the window folks.
50 minutes for a grilled cheese sandwich and fries.We really couldn't find fault with the staff, they looked like they were doing their best, but there simply weren't enough of them - and it wasn't even that busy. Almost an hour for takeout food is not ok, especially when it's as greasy as our's was.  We did let the staff know we were unsatisfied, but all they could do was apologize.  Not my first time at The Brown Bag, but the last for sure.
Went to the brown bag for a midnight snack and was not disappointed. They make their own beef patties and press their own fries - well worth the wait.
This is great. Open 9pm - 6am, cheap great tasting simple food, a night owls paradise. The frys with the house seasoning are great, and the hamburgers are real good tool! Make sure you check it out after spending the night at one of Troy's great drinking establishments.
Yummy burger, cooked to perfection. Cheap and a bit greasy, can't wait to try the rest of the menu, which shouldn't be hard, there's about 7 variations of food on their menu.
I recently heard that the Brown Bag now opens at 6pm so I decided to finally give it a shot. I went just after they opened (6:15) on a Wednesday. When I arrived the place already had a few orders in and a group of 6 or so ahead of me. I ordered a burger w/ cheese, American fries, and a soda. As more and more people poured in while I waited for my food, it became evident to me that seating can be at a premium. Everything is made to order so I waited between 15 - 20 minutes to get my food. The burger came out medium-well, was well-seasoned and good-sized. The fries were fresh-cut, had a spicy seasoning, and were generously-portioned. As one who does not care for spicy foods, I found the seasoning to be a good addition. The staff was pretty friendly, the guy who served me called me by my first name and thanked me for stopping in. My total came to 8.75, including tip.
My husband, daughter and myself went this evening.  WOW!  Awesome.  I had the best portabella mushrooms burger I've ever had.  Not sure if it was the mushroom, the toppings I picked from - the list of many, or the toasted bun they served it on.  It was great!  My husband and daughter each had a burger.  She had one with a fried egg - said it was delicious and my husband ordered a different burger, he liked his as well.  We ordered two orders of fries.  (Very large portion of fries) Real potatoes - that were out of this world.  Delicious!!!!!  We each grabbed a half and half cold drink.  We all were stuffed - total price $31.00   Yet another great establishment for Troy.  Way to go Troy.  Keep up the great work.   It is a small great find.  Inside - well, has a few bar stools to sit at, a couple of tables and chairs - ones you might find at your grandmothers old house or at a garage sale - but don't let that scare you.  Look past that and remember your going for the food.  Definitely worth the trip for the food.  Thanks again The Brown Bag - we will be returning.
I like! Hand pressed burgers, which are hard to find at 1am. And they also season each one before cooking, which is a nice touch when there's a line out the door. I like that this place seems to put thought and energy into providing a good product and fun space for the late night crowd. Drunk as many of the customers are, everyone still deserves good food and friendly counter service, and Brown Bag provides.
The specials are always super tasty.
the best burgers with the best prices in troy
