Defazio's is amazing - hands-down my favorite pizza in Troy! The food is incredibly fresh and delicious... I've never had anything I wasn't gushing about, whether pizza or pasta. They offer a variety of doughs including a gluten free option, which I know from friends can be hard to find. My favorite thing to order is the chicken pesto pizza on a garlic or wheat crust. My Husband swears by the four cheese pizza with a red pepper crust. If you haven't been, the restaurant itself is adorable but very small inside. I'd call ahead for a spot or take it to go.
Basically it took an hour and a half for our pizza, it was cold, they forgot the extra sauce on the side, it was pricey, and speaking as a chef their "imported goat cheese" pizza came with a salty, firm, and crumbly cheese.  it kind of tasted like feta.  actually, it was feta. Im sad to say after seeing DeFazio's in the Metroland, but it is highly unlikely I will try them again because Pizza da Vinci is much better taste, temperature, and location for comparable prices. I did like how they offer gluten-free crust, though.
This place. OOOOHHHH this place, I first wandered into DeFazio's in search of a quick lunch time meal and got one of their calzone's that were ready to go, i ate half of it at room temp on my way home and then placed the rest of in the oven and both ways were delicious (i've been going back for calzones ever since) Their pizzas are melt in your mouth good, they have a ton of crust options I love the Browns beer crust (an up charge) but really great, they have a ton of unique combinations on their menu and like any classic pizzeria a make your own toppings option. They are also on grub hub, so if you are short on cash order via ur CC for a quick pick up or delivery. YUMMMM!!!!
This place is a hidden jewel for sure. Simply this is how Italian Pizza is done right. Everything from the fresh dough to fresh cut ingredients and they even make their own sausage. I just wish they had a place like this where i live . Met the owner and had a nice chat  about their history and all the awards for their pizza.they have won over the years. What a place it was a special treat for sure. We will be back for sure too.
Awesome little restaurant. Primarily a pizzeria, they have 6 or 7 tables where you can eat. Very cozy, awesome staff (very friendly), and excellent food. Their pizza was very good - wood fired oven. Their pasta is made in-house, as is their sausage. Cannolis were also amazing. Tried their pumpkin cannoli - it tasted like an awesome piece of pumpkin pie. Their regular Canoli was also excellent. I've used the word 'excellent' far too many times. But this place deserves it.
Went here for dinner on a Sat night. The pizza shop is cozy but charming and smells like a warm pizza oven and basil. We started with a chicken pesto salad which was heavenly. The best salad I've had in a long time. The chicken is served warm with a cold lettuce, tomato and cheese. We also ordered the sausage as an appetizer because they make it in house and it was flavorful and fresh. We finished the night with a chicken artichoke pizza which was the best pizza I've had on Albany thus far. My personal taste is that I would have preferred the crust be a little thinner. But it was fantastic. Service was great, it felt intimate almost like we were part of the family. My only knock on this place is it is small, which one could argue only adds to it's charm. I also am no fan of the neighborhood, a little on the sketchy side but worth the trip to this place.
Got calzones takeaway. Very good. A lil on the enormous side but tasty enough to eat twice!
DeFazio's is my all time favorite Albany pizza.  The crust is thin and crisp on the outside but still fluffy and substantial--I like the garlic and herb crust best.  The sauce is great and the cheese is great.  They only take cash which can be annoying but the pizza worth a trip to the ATM every time.   Pizzas worth trying: -red pepper crust with fresh mozz, hot peppers, mushrooms, broccoli -garlic crust with pesto, fresh mozz, hot peppers, fresh garlic, spinach -whole wheat crust with mushroom (and sausage, if you insist on being carnivorous)
Stopped into DeFazio's on a Friday night during lent. Though they were getting ready to wrap up for the evening they welcomed us to order. We chose a eggplant parm pizza which was recommended on wheat and a white clam pizza. Our pizzas were amazing. We also ordered two different kinds of cannoli and both were heaven. I'm really looking forward to going back and trying some of the other specialty pizzas as well as shopping in their shop next door.
DeFazio's has a wood fired oven to cook their pizza.  They have some very interesting choices such as Puttnesca Pizza (which can be made without out cheese so it is vegan, add your own vegan cheese if you have it), Fra Diavolo Pizza (which is my favorite), Goat Cheese Pizza, and smoked Mozzarella Pizza, just to name a few. Place is very tiny and doe what I would guess is 99% take out.  Have gotten lucky enough to get the table once or twice to eat there.  Call way ahead on Friday and Saturday nights, because it could take 1 1/2 hrs for your pizza to be ready.  The dough is not super thin like Brooklyn style, but still very good and nice and crisp.  I would think that you would not be disappointed by their pizzas.
The problem isn't the Pizza (which is pretty good), it's the dangerous location in Troy with the creepy suspicious locals mixed in with college students.   UPDATE:  5-person gun shootout on 4/27/14 near this location.  Very dangerous location, keep your wits about you when enjoying their quality pizza. The place isn't big by any means and has adequate seating for off-hours dining.  But forget about weekend evenings for a table unless you want to wait.  I personally don't want to wait for pizza/pasta unless it's a full out restaurant which this isn't or 5-star food, which again it isn't.   The pasta is pretty good as well, but since the name Pizzeria appears in the name, consider it primarily a pizza place and not a traditional sit-down restaurant. The CASH ONLY POLICY is sketchy in my opinion for reasons I'm sure you can figure out without being spelled out, and no, I'm not talking about the credit card fees.  I think cities should be able to pass laws that require any retail/restaurant-like establishment that meets certain criteria to offer credit card services.   If I had to be in Troy I would considered stopping in for some pasta or pizza.
We weren't too into the pizza here, but the service was so good that it turned a so-so experience into a great time. The friendly staff was very helpful with our complicated split pizza order and later came to check on us and ask how the pizza was. Oh and hey, some random person gave us two free beers as he left the restaurant! As for the pizza: The crust was very good, as were the mushrooms, but the spinach wasn't fresh - frozen maybe? For me, it ruined the flavor of what could have been a great pie. My partner thought the sausage on his half was a bit paltry. Still, we could see returning someday and trying a different toppings combination.
Was in Troy for work, and decided to have DeFazio's delivered. I was stuck in Troy because of a snow blizzard, and thankfully DeFazio's delivered in such terrible weather conditions. I ended up ordering the goat cheese pizza and added spicy italian sausage. The pizza wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but it was good. I really enjoyed the crust, and you can also order whole wheat crust for a healthier alternative. I ordered a side salad, and that was delicious. It was your standard side salad, but they added some kind of white cheese on the top. Delivery was quick, and the delivery guy was really nice. Overall, I would order DeFazio's again if I visit Troy.
If you don't like this pizza, you need to have your taste buds examined! Incredibly well-developed flavor throughout all strata from crust to sauce to cheese to toppings. A must experience.
My wife served as the delivery person for our first taste of pizza from DeFazio's.  She proposed to order it before she left work and pick it up in the slow snowy drive to our home.  This meant the pizzas spent an hour in the car before we got to taste them.  While they were still just a little warm, we quickly decided that they were still worth having again. Seeing on line the wide variety of specialty pizzas that they offered, we decided to try two in order to get a fair representation of the toppings.  The first to jump out at us on their web page was the Goat Cheese Pizza ($13.95/17.95 - 12in./16in.). Imported goat cheese, red roasted peppers, red onions, olives, fresh tomato and mozzarella cheese.  There were plenty of toppings on this pizza and the flavors blended wonderfully.  The crust of the dough was thicker along one portion of the pizza than along the opposite edge.  This made for the crust to be more dry where it was thick, but it had a nice wood-fired flavor and when eaten along with an appropriate beverage (read BEER) it was as enjoyable as dunking biscotti in your coffee. Our other pizza was a Sausage Peppers and Onions Pizza ($12.95/16.95 - 12in./16in.). With tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, DeFazio's homemade Italian sausage, fresh green peppers, and onions, we asked them to substitute hot sausage for the normal sweet sausage.  They crumble loose sausage meat on top instead of using slices.  Personally, I think this is the better way to put sausage on a pizza as it distributes the flavors more evenly.  While I would have enjoyed a bit more fennel in the sausage, there was just enough hotness to allow the flavors of all the other ingredients to come through.  The crust had the same uneven thickness characteristic as the other pizza - more beer please! Bottom line is we'll definitely have more pizzas from DeFazio's.  Maybe we'll try having one at one of the pizzeria's tables and bring along some good beer.  Nothing like a wood-fired pizza right out of the oven.
A hidden gem. Great wood fired pizza and pasta(homemade!). No frills, but delicious. Waitstaff is friendly. A reservation is highly recommended since there are few tables. I've had their pizza, pasta and salads and I don't know which I like best! We can't wait to go back again.
This place is tiny....We showed up on a very busy Friday night and the manager moved people around so we could sit. This is a BYOB place and there were people drinking wine and beer while chatting and munching. Everyone seemed to know eachother. it was like sitting in grandma's kitchen. I can not overstate how friendly the staff was. We told our server we were in a hurry to catch a JP cruise and they presented us with a hot delicious pizza in 15 minutes.... I am not a fan of "cash only" places, but will be a regular for sure
Let's start with the food, to spare you from my rant about credit cards. The pizza is pretty damn good. I'm not going to say it's amazing, because it's not, but it is very good. They have several different types of crusts, from traditional white to spicy red pepper, garlic and herb, and several others. The quality of the crust is probably the best characteristic of their pizza, in my opinion. I love a good crust, and that's what you'll find here. It's not too thick, not too thin -- just the right balance. The sauce is clearly not the Sysco special; it's a mild homemade sauce that stands out above other pizzerias in the area. The people who work here are great, too. Incredibly friendly folks. Beware with respect to how busy they get: If you're looking to get a pizza here on a Friday or Saturday, expect to wait. It can easily be an hour or more (for carry out, not delivery), but when you consider your options, if it's a 30 minute wait for Pizza Hut or a 60 minute wait for DeFazio's, you'd be insane to not order from the latter. Seating? Good luck. They have only a handful of tables to sit at, and given this place's popularity, it fills up quick. Interestingly enough, DeFazio's DOES take reservations for said tables, so call ahead if you're planning on eating there! Slices? NOPE! DeFazio's does not sell pizza by the slice, so make sure you're plenty hungry when you show up. This isn't a bad thing, it just means if you're rolling solo, you'll probably have leftovers. My only complaint is that it is fairly ridiculous for a popular business in 2013 to stubbornly refuse to accept credit cards. If you can't afford to pay the miniscule percentage per transaction, you probably need to take a closer look at your pricing and finances. Set a reasonable minimum charge if you really have to, but don't be anti-credit card. It's incredibly irritating and makes an increasing number of people, myself included, far less inclined to visit your business. I have to knock off a star for the stubborn cash-only policy, but other than that, DeFazio's is a friendly above-average pizzeria that is certainly worth checking out.
It is possible to pay with a credit card at Defazios but you have to do it through the website grubhub.com That's what I do. Last night I dropped a $20 bill on the floor while picking up my pizza. I knew I lost it there because I had it when I went in and didn't have it when I got home. I called today... realizing that it was a long shot... and asked if they found it. Imagine my surprise when the guy that answered the phone said yes he had it and even remembered what I was wearing!? There are honest people in the world still. For that, defazios gets 4 stars. They'd get 5 stars if their delicious pizzas didn't take so long to make and deliver ;-)
We are visiting from Austin, TX and wanted authentic NY pizza. We took the advice of our fellow Yelpers & came here. It exceeded our expectations! The salad was fresh and crisp, the pizza was incredible and the cannoli was mind-blowing! Don't miss it. Elizabeth gave us outstanding service. All good, highly recommend.
Finally had cash so I was able to finally try this place. Called in an order at about 2p.m for a 16 inch half cheese, half pepperoni pizza. 40 min wait! My boyfriend was furious, but I calmed him down from calling back and canceling. He asked if they had any chicken parm rolls, then answer was no. The pie was loaded with cheese, and you could tell the dough was fresh and homemade. I'm a big cheese fan but I almost felt like there was to much of it, or it could have just been because it wasn't still melty by the time we got it home. A bit greasy, but the flavors were great. The crust on 3 slices was burnt however. I can't say this place is worth it to have cash, but it was still a nice change with the fresh and crumbly dough. Will probably take-out again.
Oh, how much I love DeFazio's!  I love them so much I made my husband go out and get me a Buffalo Chicken pizza in a snow storm for my birthday!   The place is small so think twice about eating in - best bets are Saturday afternoon. There's only 3 or 4 tables so it can be hit or miss.  There's no beer or wine but I've seen a few people bring their own.  It's cash only, which is fine with me, but you should be prepared. They've got 2 sizes of pizza - 12" and 16", the 12 is a little much for 1 and the 16 is a little small for 3 but that just means plan ahead and have leftovers.  They've got a variety of crust and toppings, you can go for one of their specialty pies or create your own.  All of them are outstanding but my favorites are the buffalo and the capriccio.  They've also got a few pasta dishes made with homemade pasta. The servings are enough for 2 or even 3 and are delicious.  I've never had their salads or calzones but I imagine they're just as good.   I hear the wait is long in the evenings and delivery is tough but since I live way to far for delivery I opt for my husband to pick up a pie "par-baked and uncut".  That way he can pick it up on his way home and I can throw it on my pizza stone and finish it off. A bonus for me - they're now at the Empire State Plaza a couple of times a week.  I pick up a couple of Stromboli's at lunch time and when I get home I throw them on the pizza stone for a quick and tasty dinner.
Wait a minute. Did they just say an hour and a half for pick up?? Really? No way. Seriously, I have called this joint at 4pm, no kidding, they have no one there, and they still say one hour for pick up or delivery. One. Hour. Oh yea. Cash only.
Defazio's is the best pizzeria - hands down. Great owner, great staff, great prices, and most of all GREAT PIZZA. As an inconsistent health nut, I love the whole wheat crust option. I also love seeing their stand out at the local Troy events. This place is legit.
The cash only policy (yeah I get it, you lose 1%+ of each sales transaction to your credit car processing company, but its friggin' inconvenient) and standard 1 hour plus wait time for pick up or delivery are ridiculous.   They have some interesting pre-thought toppings (aka specialty pizzas).  Everything is fresh.  Its very good pizza, but the wait time is just too much (I only order pizza when I'm extremely tired and hungry and need food in a ready to eat state given to me within 30 mins). No liquor license.  There are a few tables to dine-in on, but I'm not really sure why you would want to; its a pizza parlor that isn't really meant for sit down.
We ordered a pizza from here a couple months ago. I was glad we read reviews and knew to be expecting a long wait for delivery, and because we knew what to expect, we didn't think much of this. We called on a weeknight during non-peak hours and had about an hour wait - it really made me hope that this was gonna be some good food. I would say it was pretty decent. Crispy crust, everything was incorporated well together. I would give this another go and try more than just a cheese pizza. I'd like to see how some of the specialty pizzas are next time.
My last review is pretty dated so I figure it's time I post an update. The pizza is still as fantastic as it was when I wrote my last review. I'm still a fan of their whole wheat crust and they're becoming my go to place for a red sauce and cheese pizza. I would order from them more, but when we're in a hurry and just want to do have a quick pizza night, Defazio's delivery service can take a very long time. As for the pasta dishes, I'm a fan of those too. The cajun chicken alfredo is very tasty and has some spice to it, which is something new for me when it comes to a pasta dish. The alfredo sauce isn't goopy, which I like. I'm not a fan of pasta swimming in heavy, cheesy alfredo. At Defazio's it's enough to coat the pasta and catch a little pocket of extra sauce here and there, while eating it. Little extra cheesy, sauce pocket presents, yum! They have an excellent red sauce, it's a little more seasoned, robust, and less sweet then I usually find in restaurants around here. I also like the half marinara/half alfredo sauce they make, it's comes on the fettucine rosario. The pasta itself, whatever type I've gotten is obviously homemade. It's the kind of thing, I picture there being a super secret recipe for. The service is very friendly and I get the feeling they put a lot of love into what they do and that they want their customers to be not just satisfied, but to truly enjoy what they eat.
It is easy to see why so many people love De Fazio's.   I was thwarted the first time I tried to go for lunch on a Saturday, since they were open only for dinner.  This is truly regretful, because it would be great to have De Fazio's as an option after the farmer's market.   But I made a trip out for a weekday lunch and decided to start with the basic cheese pie.  There were several "holy shit this is great" moments when sitting down to eat my pizza.   1) Plenty of burnt bubbles - IMHO the best part of any pizza. 2) Crisp crust... at least on the first piece. 3) Tasty cheese!  It's amazing how bland most mozzarella is 4) The taste of fresh basil in the sauce.  Bright.  Summery.  Awesome. And the place is awesome too.  I love them on a philosophical level.  Not only for the use of organic ingredients, and the option of a whole heat crust.  But they have been a driving factor in the creation of a Little Italy in Troy, and have the letters and pictures on the wall to prove it.   Please, do yourself a favor.  If you have only had take out from De Fazio's, go in, and have dinner there.  The pizza is so much better when it first came out of the oven.  Reheating the leftovers was a sad sad exercise in futility.  And even the second piece wasn't as good as the first (but it rarely is, if ever, with pizza). Ultimately, I'm sticking with the 4* because I still have a stylistic preference for a thinner style pizza.  All the pieces of the pie at De Fazio's are exceptional... but there is too much of all of them.  They all scream for your attention, and are incredible unto themselves.  But they do not come together to rise to a level greater than any of them could achieve on their own.
Never again.  I don't want anyone else to expect a great time, so here goes! I've had a sneaking feeling this place is coasting on their rep.  This place is overrated, overpriced, unfriendly... unless you are a regular.  (What is it about downtown Troy Italian restaurants?  They shade you if you're not one of their friends!?) Head's up, this place accepts cash only. Based on their stellar reputation, we wanted to "eat in" & try some of their pasta dishes.  The service is vexing.  We were greeted by exactly no one.  There were a bunch of young guys working there.  Not one of them asked us how we were doing.  One guy took our order, then just dropped plates on our table (lackluster garlic bread, then our entrees.)  No one asked us how our food was. The "dining room" is loud as hell.  Lots of banging & clanging, including the door... THIS HAPPENED: we ordered our food, & the guy disappears OUT THE FRONT DOOR.  he returns with our food, frozen, in his hands.  Hey, if you don't have the food in the kitchen, you could at least bring it inside in a cardboard box or something.  I have witnessed this several times.  Do they keep the food in a car parked on 4th St?  What the hell?  Eating in, during hot or cold weather, the last thing you want is your buzz ruined by the big front door being opened twice: so the guy can go out & then return with your frozen food. He actually dropped some of the food.  A frozen stuffed shell skidded across the floor.  I said to my companion "there's your dinner." They DO make their own pasta & meatballs.  This is sad, b/c the meatballs are awful.  There needs to be a nice blend of herbs, spices & breadcrumbs. You shouldn't need a steak knife. I think these meatballs are just meat, & I don't even know what kind of meat.  I asked my friend to try it & let me know.  I joked, "are these from Sam's Club, or is my palate not delicate enough to detect the subtleties?"  he said "They're store-bought."   OK, so maybe they're homemade, but they *taste* like frozen, store-bought meatballs. That's a problem. I asked for a to-go container, & pushed the uneaten meatballs onto a trash plate for the guy to take away.  He wasn't even curious as to why I wouldn't take them?  Or he already knew the answer?
I came here last night with my husband and some friends from work who raved about this place.  They were not joking, this pizza is awesome.  What I like the most is that you can substitute any of their pizzas with whole wheat crust.  I would highly recommend spending the extra dollar or two to do so.  The whole wheat crust adds a nice heartiness to the pizza, and hey, it's healthier! We shared the puttanesca pizza, but we substituted pesto for the tomato sauce.  We also got the chicken and red roasted peppers pizza, and added some goat cheese to the top. Both pizzas were amazing.  And again, the whole wheat crust is so hearty that I felt like I was going to burst after having two slices. Oh, and it's BYOB, so feel free to sit back with a glass of wine while enjoying this amazing pizza.  I'll be back!
I finally made it to my  new hometown favorite on my last trip to Troy. I grew up stopping into DeFazio's grocery with my parents and  I would see Mrs. DeFazio making the sausage in the back, we would always buy our hot italian sausage from DeFazio's. Her son Rocco now runs a Pizzera next door that I can only say is one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted, of course I had to have a side of hot italian sausage with sauce, and it was as good as I remembered growing up. Everybody that worked there was friendly and Rocco has a lot of pride in his product and in our hometown. Stop by have some pizza and try the sausage!!!
Found this place not long before closing last week looking for something new. Read the reviews and am glad I did because this is a real gem that has somehow been under the radar in Troy for generations! There are two shopfronts adjacent to each other. One is for the deli/store, and the other is for the pizzeria. The pizzeria is staffed by a rabble of friendly and talkative young men who engage all of their customers and come check on them to make sure everything is to their liking. The owner also makes his rounds asking for feedback, and seemed very receptive to the suggestion of adding a couple of ingredients to their tomato sauce! lol. Pizza was quite surprisingly good. Crust was not soggy, held firm and crispy almost until the final slice! The owner with great pride declared that it was made from his grandmother's bread recipe. He is definitely onto something with that! Sausage made on premises seems to be their calling card. Quite delicious with lots of spices and not overcooked. The flavor is a little subtle however, so don't go crazy with the toppings or else you may miss out, and that would be a shame. This place is BYOB, so prepare appropriately. Wine and beer are ok when brought from home. This is it, best pizza in Troy.
I heard good things about this place. I was excited and eager to travel through the bowels of Troy to sample their delicious slice of pizza, only to be disappointed when I took the very first bite. Don't get me wrong, it's good pizza, but that's about it. It's like opening up a Christmas present, expecting a iPhone, but you got a Blackberry Storm instead. Good phone, but it's not an iPhone.
DeFazio is serious about their pizza, probably too serious. They make "homemade" pizza, the dough tastes like freshly baked bread, unlike chains and cheaper joints. Likewise the toppings appear fresh, and taste good. The pies are good, not the best I've had but quite good. The cash only policy is archaic. Personally, I find it annoying and I have not been a frequent visitor of DeFazio. The prices are higher than the average pizza chain. Some may feel it is worth it, others may think ... "Its just pizza".
There is a special place in my heart for theses old world style pizzerias and import stores. Mr. and Mrs. DeFazio (have not seen mr. D in a little while...) are cute little italins and really care about their food, and family.  and when someone cares about things in life it shows. The import store (shirts are $12) has sauce, garlic, tomatoes, pasta and cheese. if you are a guy and you want a girl to like to you, buy some sauce, ravioli, mabey some sausage and make a "homemade" meal for her with some nice wine and a candle. You'll have it made brother. The Pizza store next door is bring your own beer if you like and they have such good pizza that it's almost overstimulating. The fra diavolo pizza is spicy and amazing. The pineapple ham is just wonderful. The kalamata olive is a little salty, but what the hell.
DeFazio's is the best pizza in the area, and some of the best pizza I've had in or out of Brooklyn (and yes, I'm originally from Brooklyn).  Crust is THE KEY to a good pizza, and their crust is amazing.  They even have whole wheat crust. The staff is extremely friendlly, and greet me and my wife like we're family.  It's a family-owned business... and it really feels like it... like the good-ole-days italian restaurants you see in movies. I'd recommend reserving a seat if you plan on eating there (b/c it gets crowded quickly)... and ordering ahead even if you dont... because the pizzas often take 20 minutes or more to make.  Oh, and they do not sell by the slice, which is fine, b/c a full pie is what you deserve to buy yourself.  If you like pizza, you owe it to yourself to go to DeFazio's.  If you don't like Pizza, it's because you haven't been to DeFazio's.
I am going to keep this ridiculously brief. We just moved down the block from this place, so we walked up there tonight having read all the reviews, ordered a four-cheese with red sauce (it's normally a white pizza.) Everyone was so friendly and sweet to us. We took it home (we couldn't eat in because they were all booked up!) And we ate it. I had heard all over that the four-cheese is out of this world. I mean it has gorgonzola, that's GENIUS. You guys I think I cried. You know the part in Eat Pray Love (the book, you guys, not the movie) where Liz and Sophie go to Naples and get pizza from what (by deduction) must be the best pizza place in the world, and it's so good they cry? I am sure I was feeling what they were feeling. I mean, we've eaten all the pizza in Troy at this point. This is a completely different echelon of amazing. Five. Stars. Yes, I'm coming back. YES. YES.
Caution!  If you eat De Fazio's pizza you will forever be too spoiled to enjoy any other pizzeria pizza in the Capital Region.  This place uses all/mostly (not sure) organic ingredients to put together delicious gourmet pizzas.  I agree with the other reviewers--try the whole wheat crust esp. with the chicken pesto pizza.   Cash only.  They do not accept credit--last I remember anyway.
This is the spot. Seriously, the next time I want the best pizza in the Eastern time zone I will drive the ten hours back to Troy from Ann Arbor, MI just to indulge myself with DeFazio's. All the toppings were top notch, it was baked just long enough so that everything was a little crispy, and the crust was the definition of out of this world. The best part is that it comes with the service you would expect from a mom and pop Italian restaurant and at very reasonable prices. You can't go wrong here, trust me.
De Fazio's is the best pizza by far in the Capitol Region. The crust is great, both chewy and crunchy.  The sauce is equally good having both hints of sweetness and spiciness. Most Capitol region pizzerias miss both of these marks. DeFazio's is a reason to head to Troy. It is simply the best.
The best pizza anywhere.  The pesto pizza on the whole weat dough is out of this world. Let me tell you that I know pizza.  I grew up in New York City, I ate pizza every day for about a year.  I've lived in Italy, had every kind of pizza there.  I love pizza of all kinds, and I can tell you Defazio's makes excellent pizza. I would rather eat lint than not have a Defazio's pesto pizza. What makes Defazio's so good?  They make their dough fresh from scratch on premises: you can simply taste it.  The sauces, all made next door at the Defazio's deli, which has been around for decades - probably close to 50 years or more - are all made from the best ingredients the old-fashioned way.  And Rocky has a secret ingredient in the pesto sauce that, I think, gives it the perfect taste for pizza.  Ask him about it. 20+ years ago when I tasted the pesto pizza for the first time I was in love, and it has been an enduring relationship.  Whenever I'm in Troy I make sure I stop by.  I sing love songs to my pizza when it arrives, and I weep tears of regret when I'm finished.  The other pizzas are good, too. Think I'm embellishing???? Try it.
THE best pizza in The county, and I am a HuGe fan of the small grocery shop next door, my Grandma Anne would have approved :-) Closed on Sundays though.
I have no clue how they make their pizza (charcoal, wood fired?), but the crust comes out wonderfully! It's kind of charred, but still chewy, and just plain ol' good! Order in (it's BYOB too), grab a Snapple out of the cooler and wait for your pizza. It looses tons of it's oomph in take out. Just trust me. Go order one.
The wife and I ventured to this place after reading yelp users reviews of this place. We ventured out to this place on a snowy Friday night around 6pm. Parking was easy. Walked in, greeted by very friendly staff(type of friendly staff you want to go back to give them business just because they are really friendly). We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and large sprite 2 liter for $16.95. Service was great, pizza came out in about 20 minutes and it looked great. I just have 1 problem. The pie looked great, but it did not taste as crispy as it looked. Tried to pick up a slice and all the toppings(cheese, sauce) fell off. I am sure the grease from the pepperoni added to this. Overall the pizza was thick(i enjoy) and greasy from the roni, but I still liked it(I never had pizza run right through my digestive track as fast as this did). It was hard to judge the taste of the basic core(dough, cheese, sauce) of the pizza due to the grease. If I was to go back, I  would just get cheese. We took leftovers home and the next day for lunch, one slice felt like 5 lbs because of all the grease that absorbed into it. The only downer to the night is when we were leaving the place, about 5 police cars came speeding down to chase criminals I suppose. One police cruiser stopped right next to my truck so I was stuck in my parking space until they had things under control. Overall, its great pizza, just wish I tried it without pepperoni. If I lived closer to it, I would probably be a regular, but since I live on the other side of the river, I most likely would not be going back.
This place is amazing, the way pizza is meant to be. At first I was like its quite pricey, but when you dig into your pizza you realize its worth every cent. Even just the crust tastes real good. Considering I used to work at a gourmet pizza place while at school, I bench mark that for the Italian foods and boy, these guys are there right at the top. Although making pizza might not be rocket science, its amazing how many people mess it up so often, pizza shops should take a leaf out of these guys' books and work on it.
Very Nice Employees! 3.5 Stars Clean! Its located in a neighborhood in Albany know as Little Italy which I have never been to before. After driving in the area and seeing the people in the area walking down the streets and such, lets just say its not just Italians there anymore!!!!! Disgusting! We went there for lunch and ordered a calzone which when it came out to the table it was ENORMOUS! It was filled with some really delicious cheeses and pepperoni and sausage. Since I did not know the size of the calzone I ordered eggplant Parmesan over ziti to share as well. It also was a huge portion! They are owned by a family that has been there for years running a Italian grocery right next door. The food was really good and I would love to go back and try a pizza which seems to be a big hit with the other yelpers.
Amazing Pizza! The best pizza I have ever tried. This saying alot because I live in NYC/Brooklyn which has tons of great pizza places. As per other recommendations on yelp I tried the multi grain crust and pesto pizza. The crust was crispy and there was lots of fresh cheese. I also tried a salad that was ok, but I still give Defazio's 5 stars because the pizza is all that matters. This place is a hidden gem.
We have ordered from Defazios 2 times in the last few times, we never ordered before, the first time we ordered a cheese pizza and the goat cheese pizza along with the sausage and pepperoni combined. We were very impressed.. Tonight we ordered the antipasto and 2 pasta dishes the chicken parm linguini and the spinach fettucini alfredo. Everything again was delicious. There was an earlier review that the meatballs were frozen so we ordered a side order of those as well, They were made of beef, had spices and were def not frozen, btw when u buy frozen meatballs they are all exactly round and taste like crap, Defazios meatballs were nothing like frozen meatballs,they were deliciou, frozen meatballs are gross. So to the person who wrote that I dont know what restaurant u were in but it was not Defazios. We will continue to order and I am assuming that no matter what we order we will not be disappointed. And as for not accepting credit cards order through the web and then u can use a credit card, otherwise if u r picking up and know that they only accept cash bring some and quit complaining.
This is the way pizza is supposed to be.   Until recently, I never knew Troy had such great pizza, and DeFazio's is obviously legendary here. I personally liked Red Front a couple blocks away better, but DeFazio's is a top notch pizza joint worthy of 5 stars too.  Different styles from each, but both fantastic in their own rights.
Fresh ingredients, crust, sauce, and toppings were great. Next time I go I'll ask for a Neapolitan style crust. I'm sure if they don't have it they will come up with something. The staff was super friendly and accommodating. Not a large restaurant, it seems to be mostly a take out / delivery place. All were satisfied in my group of 4. Thanks for the great pizza.
I'm from the Chicago area, so I used YELP to find a place to eat some good pizza, or pie if you will.  As I looked around the area this place jumped up with high praise.  So I figured why not give it a shot.  And long behold the reviews of this place are spot on. From the moment entering the restaurant we were welcomed by a very courteous gentleman.  I was disappointed to find there wasn't a big dining area so call ahead if you plan on dining in. However that didn't matter much for me since I was ordering out for 2 other people. We ordered a 12" chicken and red roasted peppers pizza as well as a 12" buffalo chicken pizza.  The cook time he had given us was about a half hour, but it took a bit longer (about 10 minutes).  I'm a very patient person so I wasn't bothered by it, especially when I got back to the hotel to eat it.  The buffalo chicken pizza was what I wanted to eat and I was so happy to find there was actually well cut chicken on the pizza, not little tiny thin pieces I usually get from other establishments.  The crust was great with its soft and smoky taste to it.  The chicken and red roasted peppers pizza was great with the combination of toppings.  I was very impressed and loved every bite of the pizzas. My only complaint to this experience was when I opened the box some of the pizza had been flipped over onto itself.  Other than some toppings pushed onto other slices everything was in order.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone to try if you're in the area.
The pizza is the best in Troy, period.  Don't give me any nonsense about how much you like the Buffalo Chicken at I Love Pizza of Troy.   I will begin by saying that I am extremely picky about my pizza.  I have noticed that people from other parts of the world different from New Haven county in CT have no idea what good pizza is.  DeFazio's is not that great, but the best in Troy.   I judge pizza on two main areas: crust and sauce.  If you hold toppings and cheese constant (RPI student here), the sauce and crust determines the quality of the pizza.  The crust is not that good.  It could be much thinner and have much more flavor.  A good Extra Virgin Olive Oil and a little more salt on the crust before the sauce and toppings could solve this problem.   The sauce is really, really good.  It is a rustic sauce, not sweet just full of flavor.  They make their own delicious sausage.  They use high quality pepperoni.  They love food there and it shows.  They take pride in their family heritage and are very welcoming.  Plan on take-out.  There are only four small tables in the restaurant.  My friend went there only a few times to pick up pizza and they already knew his name.   I really like this place, but the pizza could in fact be better.  I never had anything but pizza so I cannot comment on the remaining menu items.
I was very much looking forward to having dinner takeout here tonight. However what I got was not something I would wish on anyone! We got a small pizza and a cold sub. The pizza crust was probably much more like cardboarg then Pizza Dough. The sub i got was called a Nana Banana! The roll was almost as bad as the Pizza dough. And pesto dressing had absolutely no flavor. However, on the plus side and there was a plus side. The Father ans son owners were very pleasant. I will give them a mulligan and try again at a latter date. Lets hope its better next time.
4.5 stars. I had the BBQ Chicken Pie and the Sausage, Peppers and Onions. It's OBVIOUS the ingredients are of great quality. Both pies were delicious but would've been 5 stars if the crust was more crispy. Crust was nice and thin though.
Hands down the best pizza I have ever had.  And for someone that doesn't like pizza, that's saying a lot. I love that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients in so much of their food and pizzas.  Everything is flavorful and seasoned well.  I also love that they're a family run restaurant, and are so friendly and accommodating.   I'm a fan of the organic multi-grain crust.  It's crispy, flavorful, textured well, and the crust is chewy in the right ways.   They have great sandwiches as well, and I'm looking forward to trying their homemade pasta.  Everything is fresh, and handmade with care.  If you haven't tried it, do.  You won't regret it.
Rude staff. Pizza is ok.  The crust is not crispy and the sauce is a bit thick.  I'm completely finished with this place.  Here's a list of 3 bad experiences: 1. called to order a pizza and was treated so rudely that I called it off, 2. walked in to order a pizza; I brought it to my car to eat it, and the toppings (veggies) had made the crust soggy and dripping.  Also, way too many mushrooms.  Again, they were pretty rude. 3.  Ordered 3 pizzas for delivery.  The delivery driver didn't arrive for 95 minutes!!!!  That's right.  When he showed up, he didn't even apologize.   The reviews of this place are cuckoo.  I LOVE NY PIZZA (either one) or Red Front are MUCH better choices.
Best pizza in Troy hands down. A little light on the toppings but amazing!
Why did I wait so long to try DeFazio's ? My husband grew up in Troy and has always raved about their homemade sausage and reminisces about trips to the shop with his dad from when he was a kid.  Our first visit found us ordering a large chicken rustica and the spinach and chicken calzone. The wait was not long and oh my goodness if it had been who cares it would have been worth it!! We tore into the calzone (which my husband had asked them to cut for us) on our way home and had to remind ourselves about the pizza. My husband is not a crust man, yet could not resist on this( and future)  visits. Last night we decided to revisit the calzone deliciousness and gave the sausage and pepper pie a shot. His childhood memories were correct and I am now a devotee to this fantastic pie and family run pizzeria.
I've was here for 5 minutes and never wanted to leave. Staff treat you better than family. Pizza was delicious and made with care. Get the Capriccio. Will def come back!
Always friendly and speak to me as if they were a friend. The pizza is the best in the area in my opinion and the antipasto is great as well. I wish they took cards and made wings, but that's just not Defazios. Also, if you are getting it delivered, just be prepared to wait. I make sure I order an hour and half earlier than I want it. Just as another reviewer stated, you can use grub hub if you want to use a credit card.
I had the pleasure of finally trying DeFazio's after hearing about it for so long and it was everything I hoped it would be - delicious pizza.  The crust is awesome, nice and crispy, with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.   I loved all of the fresh toppings available and so many of the pizzas sounded so yummy.  I might have to start thinking of reasons to go to Troy so I can grab dinner here...
we ordered plain cheese and a smoked mozzerella pies at work 2 weeks ago and I have been CRAVING more ever since. Seriously the best pizza I've ever tasted, the crust is perfect, the cheese is delicious. This stuff is dangerously tasty!
I've been hearing about Defazio's for about three hears now and decided it was time to try them out. I'm originally from Long Island and grew up eating great pizza tnroughout the boros. The one thing I've missed is good pizza. I am undoubtedly a pizza snob and expect a lot from the humble pie. I decided to order a fresh mozzarella pie with sausage. This my personal litmus test. Now, I did order ahead and go pick it up and bring it home. A couple of minutes under a low broiler brought the heat back. That said, this is a great slice of pizza. The sauce is excellent. Not to much spice, certainly not too sweet; it really tastes of fresh tomatoes. The cheese wasn't quite as milky as I would have expected but it was still very creamy and just the right amount on the pie. A. Smattering of fresh basil really lends itself well, both to flavor and to presentation. And the fresh made italian sausage is top notch. None of this crumbled sausage at Defazio's (something I'd neved seen anywhere but on store bought pizza until migrating to the Capital region. But really what made this pie for me was the crust. This is something special. I would hae to say that, aside from a coal oven crust, this is one of the best I've had. Incredibly ligh but not too airy. Just the right amount of crunch combined with chewyness. I honestly had to force myself to stop eating the crust so I'd have room for one more slice.I have to say, it's worth the drive for a top notch pie and I will be back for more.
yummmmm love that it was organic and that you could get whole wheat dough AND PESTO PIZZA!! =] the flavor was a bit subtle but the dough had very good texture--that right out of the brick oven toastiness...and the cheese was not too overpowering...just right i want to try more flavors! it was very delicious but service had a lot of room for improvement! just because their food speaks for the restaurant itself doesn't mean they have to be so cold =[ would still order from them again though! they deliver but apparently they won't do special requests like writing happy birthday on a pizza and delivering it =[
Oh how I miss DeFazio's!  It is one of a small handful of establishments in the Capital Region that I truly miss.  I know nearly all has been said in the abundance of reviews that are already posted, so I'll keep it brief.  Great pizza (especially the pepper crust, yum!), pasta and salads all with the freshest ingredients.  Great owners and staff that really care about the community they are a part of and the patrons that they serve.  Yes, it is small, cash only and maybe a bit longer of a wait than other more generic pizza joints in the area, but to me that's part of the old school, homestyle charm that makes DeFazio's so amazing!
An old school pizzeria joint that has organic whole wheat dough options?  "WTF?" you say. And it's not just healthy but tastes good too. Not too many tables but you can bring a bottle of wine so it's a great place to order in.  The salads are gigantic (in a will ruin your appetite if you order it as an appetizer before the pizza kind of way).
went there for the first time last night and loved it!! small little place, only 3 tables so you may wanna takeout. 5 of us split a few different meals to see what was good. we got the low cholesterol pizza on whole wheat crust, chicken and broccoli pasta Alfredo, spaghetti and meatballs and the chicken and spinach calzone. everything was fresh, homemade and amazing. we actually watch the guys bring the fresh pasta sauce over from next door(they have a store where they sell all their sauces) i would go again in a heartbeat. the portions were incredible and the food was the best!!! they won this Italian girl over for sure. for all the food we got, our bill was $62 and we brought home a few doggie bags.
Did delivery for the first time last week---very happy so far with DeFazio's. To start, as many other yelpers have said, it does take a while for delivery--about 45 min to 1 hr, but having known this, we planned to allow for ample time. Service--very, very friendly and straightforward--definitely was a pleasure ordering and they answered all my questions about the order that I had without hesitation. Food (the important stuff, really)--and going off of my sister and bf's information since I didn't eat---got plain pizza with fresh mozz, basil, and sauce. Dough was fresh tasting and cooked well and nice and crusty and the fresh mozz made the pizza. Also got the spaghetti and meatballs, which were a hit because of the fresh made pasta, fresh sauce, and meatballs that were quite tasty. Only comment here was that the meatballs were a little dried out---possibly either too much bread crumb or from cooking too long in the sauce. Overall, they were very happy and we cannot wait to try again and more items off of the menu.
LEGENDARY PIZZA.  Gourmet.  Cannot be compared to any other pizza in the area, because they don't do it like this. I can't say enough about this effing delicious pie. Oldschool owners are very active in the italian community:  Hillary Clinton even visits this place when she's in town.
A couple of years ago during a snow storm I ordered a pizza for delivery and was let down. But after re-reading all the reviews I decided I should really give them another shot and needed to actually eat there. I like a variety of different pizza so I wasn't blown away like everyone else but I will say they do in fact make a great pizza. I ordered a 12" buffalo chicken and ate about 3/4 of it myself. The dough is very flavorful. The only negatives are the lack of tables and the wait time. They were telling people about an hour for a pick up on a Fri. night. That is too long for me to wait no matter how good it is. The owner was there watching over everything and was very friendly to all the customers. I took a quick look in the store next door and will definitely be back to try some of their homemade stuff.
This is a GREAT pizza.  Homemade crust, wood-fired brick oven cooked with all top notch ingredients and toppings.  Just wow.  This isn't the pizza you get for the big game, this is the pizza for movie night with the wife.  The restaurant itself doesn't have a lot of tables so I keep it to take out.
Damn - we got a kickass pizza and BBQ chicken salad.  They serve up some fabulous grub.  Only a few booths to eat though, so go early or carryout.  Highly recommend.
I love pizza. I love family run restaurants.  This place has a unique atmosphere. The food shines and the pastas are fabulous for non pizza eaters.  Started with antipasto, chicken pesto pizza, white clam pizza and a cheese.  All were yummy.  Chicken parm with pasta lasted three meals. Bring a bottle of wine and it will be a perfect night.
Changed my review from a four to five star. After living in Troy for almost two years now, I rely on DeFazio's for my Italian cravings from the fresh groceries next door to the pizza, calzone and salads. I'm still not in love with the pasta, I think their style will always be a little too close to al dente for my tastes, but the flavors are there. The calzone is worth the fifth star though!
Love that whole wheat crust
This is my favorite pizza, I get the meat lovers and my wife gets the low cholesterol (healthy version) , both on a more than livable whole wheat crust, I drive many miles out of my way and past many other pizza shops on a almost weekly basis.
Placed my order from the train as I pulled out of Hudson, NY and b-lined it to DeFazio's a couple Thursdays ago.  And while it was way out of the way from where I live, it was well-worth it.  A tad bit pricey, but definitely worth every penny. Things I loved: - They weren't afraid to crank the heat on the Puttanesca - They were out of feta for the Greek salads, but they waited until I arrived to find out what I wanted to substitute it with.  I feel like most places would've just schlepped something else on (if that) and called it a day. - Much more filling than you think - and tasted oh so good the next day from the fridge Now, I will say I was slightly disappointed (only slightly) by the wood-fired aspect of it.  I've had some pretty top-notch wood-fired pizza, so I was expecting something slightly different.  But this place outperformed in so many other ways that I easily looked past that. I'll definitely make the trip back to Troy and would love to try some of their other pasta dishes.  I'm sure they're amazing.
This is the best pizza I have ever had.  Great service.  You can tell that all the ingredients are fresh when you bite in.  Try the smoked mozzarella!
Best pizza in the area! Very small, friendly place -- it takes a while, so you might want to phone your order in.
One place that never disappoints.  Food is great, service is right up there and the store keeps me happy in Vermont when I can't get to the Capitol District.
Hands down best pizza in the city... I'd even say the region! The owners are very friendly and it has a wonderful atmosphere.
Fantastic, Are people really giving bad reviews because they're a cash only spot? Honestly, I seem to always have a good experience at places that are cash only. Those 1 hour wait times are because its one of the best spots in the capitol region. Honestly they make some of the best pies I've ever had, and I used to make pizzas in my high school and college days, so I feel like me saying this holds a little weight. I was proud to make good pies where I worked... these guys are obviously using quality cheese and ingredients, and there dough is awesome. Its been allowed to rise properly, and has a great consistency. Crusty on the outside, chewy on the inside, evenly browned a crossed the bottom. The guys who work there are friendly and they're up front about the long waits when they're long. If you're ordering from a place and your pie is only going to take 15-20 minutes, the shop is slow, and you have to ask yourself why. Cash only, short operating ours, this place is a gem and they know it.
On our way to Killington, were looking for a casual place to eat. After reading reviews, decided on Defazios and are SO glad we did.  The sausage antipasto was superb (homemade sausage) and the pizza was as good as everyone before has claimed.  To complete the experience, everyone at Defazios was as welcoming as could be. Ray made us feel at home and within minutes, we were chatting with all the locals.  My husband said we may have to make this an annual tradition and I agree!
Best pizza Ive ever had. tried the buffalo general tso and Hawaiian all of the get two thumbs up. only complaint is the dining room is small only about 5 tables but the pizza is incredible
DeFazio's is hands-down the best pizza in the capital region. I have yet to find a place with the quality, atmosphere, and friendly attitude. It's a true Italian establishment where you really are "treated like family". Every pizza, regardless of the preparation and topping choices, is created with quality and technique that is unmatched at any other Italian eatery you'll find nearby. The vegetables are fresh, the meats are tasty, and the sauce is perfection. Any pie is more expensive than it would be at an average pizza joint, but if quality and taste is what you seek, fork over the extra $7 and pick up any of their delicious options. I have seen two reviews dissing the crust. Apparently, some people don't find it crispy enough. I have never felt like the crust wasn't to my liking and/or a single slice felt soggy, but maybe that's just my opinion. Besides pizza, their other options are also amazing. Calzones are equally delicious (and are huge, by the way). Salads are fantastic. I recommend any of their appetizers, especially if you're dining in for pizza as the main course. Each of their pies is treated like a work of art, and therefore take a little while to come out. Sidenote: if you're ordering pizza from here for delivery, be prepared for it to take a while, for the same reason. Staff is super friendly and accommodating, but the restaurant is not huge. I usually get takeout or delivery, but if it's not a busy night, dining in is also an excellent option. Reservations are welcomed. Overall, a great place, and fantastic pizza in Troy's Little Italy neighborhood.
I love the pizza that comes from DeFazio's, but I had the rudest conversation with someone while trying to order one night. He basically hung up on me before I could finish my order and after the experience I decided to order elsewhere due to his impatience.
Loved the pizza!
love the general Tso pizza. amazing!
We tried to stop here on a Sunday driving from NJ to Okemo, they are not open Sundays. We drove back the following Saturday and we were very pleased with the service and food. We had a sausage and mushroom pizza with fresh mozzarella and basil.  It was quite delicious. My son had the fettuccine alfredo made with homemade pasta.  We all thought it was very tasty.  Their cannoli was one of the best I have ever had.  The shell is not made in-house, but the filling was said to be grandma's recipe. I was impressed with the gluten-free, organic multi-grain and whole wheat crust choices.  This will be our go-to place when we are in the Troy area. As others said it is cash only...in my opinion, this is not a reason to give it a lower rating. The place is small, but seems very authentic Italian.
Awesome pizza....  Chocolate Cannoli was amazing as well....
Excellent. I lived in Brooklyn for 8 years and just recently moved to Troy. This place is better than some of the most touted wood fired places in Brooklyn. Absolutely fantastic pizza.
we miss defazio's!   true,  the atmosphere isn't much, but after discovering defazio's chicken fra diavolo, we were addicted.  for years it was our regular pizza fix.   we had to move away from the area in 2000, and have since lived in other parts of new york and in four other states.  but we still talk about defazio's!  it's the best pizza we've had and we've tried dozens of other places.  just know how lucky you are if you live near by...  some day we'll come back to the area for a visit and defazio's will be our first stop.
Small and friendly!  Lovely southern italian cuisine, really family.  Its small, clean and hearty.  The ever italo american fetuccini alfredo - toothsome home made pasta, buttery fatty sauce.  Chicken added was a bit underseasoned, but well cooked.  The italo-greek salad has roasted red peppers, with a light dressing, is really tasty.  Interesting enough the feta they use is not ultra salty, and makes the salad very satisfying.  Pizza dough is traditionally undersalted, and in true italo american fashion crispy bottom, chewy, really good with nice gooey cheese.  Stuffed shells are really good!  If you had a second generation italian aunt, this is what you'd eat at her home!  Sauce is hearty without being heavy.  But the BEST part of visiting DeFazio's is to get Rocco going on the stories behind the family wall - from Jimmy Duarte the patron godfather of their community church, their relationship with Mr. Rockefeller himself and Hon Hilary Clinton.  Rocco, the on-going patriarc of the family business is simply a charming, delightful soul.  So if the food didnt fully fill your belly, his story telling will captivate your heart.  Oh yea - couple of house rules - they don't sell by the slice and cash only!  Buon Appetito!
Great place for Troy. The pizza place and the store next door is a family business going back decades and you just gotta respect that.Don't know if she is still around, but the old grandma used to make the pesto in the store. It is totally worth a visit to see if it is your kind of pizza place.
A real gem. These folks had one of the first wood fired ovens in the areas - that's quite a few years ago. The quality is always great; the ingredients, the homemade sauces, the friendly family and employees, all of it. Can't believe that people whine about the wait time - they have ONE small oven, folks. That's the deal  - you get the best pie in the area, but if you need a Fra Diavolo @ 7:00 on Friday night, you may have to think ahead. Instant gratification, no matter what we've come to expect, is not always possible.  When  you need fast, there are dozens of joints who can give you fast and crappy.  This is an establishment to savor for it's idiosyncrasies. No credit cards accepted, but you can get a liter of Italian mineral water or a San Pellegrino Limonata to enjoy at a table on the sidewalk on a summer night.   By the way, their Bolognese sauce is stunning;  a wonderful, subtle, richly-flavored  version and a real treat with their freshly made pasta.  Can't say enough good things about DeFazio's.  After a rough week, they can be a savior.
