We had a late lunch there today. The sandwiches where amazing. The service was even better. Sue herself came and checked on us, making sure we enjoyed the meal. I had the SOOIE sandwich - a pork sandwich with coleslaw on cibatta roll. Pork was perfectly done and the slaw added a nice tang to the sandwich. My lunch partner had the Sweet Sue sandwich - another awesome combinations of flavors..brie, figs, candied pecans and merlot poached pear. Very interesting and fresh combination. The earl gray & peppermint iced tea was surprisingly refreshing. Not a combination I would normally go after. Overall, one of the best out of the way lunch experiences I have had in a long time. Will be back next time I am in Troy.
So much more than just sweets! Sweet Sue's I located right off of monument square and is a perfect retreat after spending time at the farmers market, practicing yoga or even a summer's stroll on the riverfront.   I stumbled upon this place in search of cupcakes for my friends 30th birthday-- which were a huge hit both in aesthetics and taste.  Once in her shop I was immediately surrounded by sights and smells that were to die for.  There is a small seating area inside and some tables on the sidewalk if the weather is cooperating. Other things to note: Saturday brunch! Catered Events! and ever changing daily lunch menu! YUMMMMM!!!!
omg.  The whipped cream frosting on the pumpkin cupcake blew my mind.  Not too sweet, perfect texture.  Even beat out Coccadotts.  I'm picky about my sweets too.  It made me wish I hadn't skipped her stand at the farmer's market so many times.   The flatbread pizza was pretty darn good (I didn't know she made savory foods!), and everything else was yummy.
The very best lunch or brunch you can get!  Huge bang for your buck!  The food is local, freshly prepared with great care.  Susan takes pride in her mad skills, & delivers interesting fare at very reasonable prices. Stop in for lunch, or Saturday brunch, or just for some delicious sweets.   Heck, like her page on Facebook & you'll see pix of her mouthwatering creations on the regular.  That'll make it next to impossible not to show up & eat. this is my very favorite place for both brunch (Sat starting at 10:30) and weekday lunch.
I feel in my gut that this is probably more of a 4.5 star, but i am holding back because they don't have a standing retail space yet, which I think is very important for a bakery. I found her stand at the Troy Farmers' Market and Sue was there and informed me that she currently works out of her home but she is working on finding retail space. I had a lavender-honey cupcake. There was a soft but certain honey taste but it could have used a little more lavender (I happen to really enjoy the taste of lavender). The cake was a buttery vanilla moist cake, but I didn't taste any lavender or honey in there either. Despite the insufficient lavender flavor it was a delightful cupcake with a good balance of frosting to cake and it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. There was a pretty little edible flower on top.   My friend got a tiramisu cupcake. I was surprised it was on a non-chocolate cupcake (I assume it was the same buttery vanilla cake that mine was). I did get to stick my finger in the frosting and WOW it was delicious; exactly like tiramisu. i assume he enjoyed it as it was inhaled and when i offered him a taste of my lavender-honey cupcake he informed me that it didn't want to interrupt what he had just enjoyed.   They also had 100% fruit frozen pops, chocolate & fruit nut clusters, and candied/carmel apples. The cupcakes were $2.50 each which is consistent with the going rate and the quality of the product. The website is soft flower designs but if i am remembering correctly there was a pin-up-esq girl on the banner for the booth (which reminded me of cheesecake machismo)...but I was drunk on honey frosting at that point so I could be wrong. I look forward to trying other varieties of Sue's goodies.
I've been getting some of the lunch specials and Oh. My. God they are fantastic.  one day they had Asian inspired shrimp summer rolls, the kind NOT deep fried, light and fresh with loads of raw veggies served with an amazing dipping sauce.  It was something like $6! then I had an Indian inspired chickpea Masala.  It was very very good.  It tasted sinful but was so healthily prepared. Yesterday they had a special of spiced lamb meatballs that sounded amazing but it was just to hot and I wasn't in the mood to eat anything hot.  But, I  found out that they make the most amazing iced coffee.  Fresh brewed really good organic coffee that they chill.  They also make coffee ice cubes out of the the same coffee.  So you get REAL iced coffee with iced coffee cubes so you don't get weak iced coffee watered down by pouring hot coffee over ice cubes or a sticky sweet iced coffee already pre blended with cream and crap like what's offered at most places.  you get real coffee, ice cubes made from coffee and nothing else.  Add what you want or nothing at all.  I am now in Love with Sweet Sue's because of this! Again, I still have not had the sweets at Sweet Sue's because I am in love with the lunch specials!
There are few places that can have both delicious food and a friendly environment. Sweet Sues is certainly on the top of the list of those select places. I walked in and she immediately started a conversation, not just polite small talk that some store will start just to pass the time, she seemed genuinely interested in the conversation. I especially liked learning about the nearby places and the friendly relationships she has with the owners of the restaurant and store down the street. The food was of course delicious, I got a caramel apple dipped in chocolate, which normally isn't my first choice in a bakery but this one was difficult to resist, and with good reason. The apple was fresh and crispy and well balanced by the sweet of the chocolate. I can't wait to come back and try the other lunch items, and as a broke college student, it's nice to find a place that is affordable too :)
Very nice, quaint, creative eatery. The menu is very locally driven. Not to mention the amount skill and passion that goes into all of the food. The capital region is lucky to have someone like Sue. I was spoiled at lunch today. The service was very personal and I ate like a king. Needless to say, I'll be going back regularly.
Sweet Sue's is as sweet as it gets. I can proudly say that I have sampled or devoured Sue's cupcakes in more than a dozen different flavors, and I've never been disappointed. Now normally I'm a sucker for a solid stand-by: if I love it, I'll come back for it a million times. So the fact that Sue mixes up the options weekly was, for me, not necessarily a virtue at the outset. After I had the Boston Cream Pie cupcake, I was sure no other cupcake could be as good, ever. But then there was the mint and chocolate. And then the double chocolate sundae, and the strawberry grapefruit cupcakes, tiramisu cupcakes, cannoli cupcakes, people--and they were all amazing. If variety is always this consistently good, I'm a convert. It's a rare sweet that tastes anywhere near as good as it looks, but these sweets look gorgeous, and taste better. The shop is adorable, too, and full of other options for the less cupcake-obsessed consumer. My husband has no sweet tooth, but when I brought him a piece of Sue's hazelnut cheesecake it disappeared instantly. Other things I've enjoyed: macaroons, truffles, English toffee, cookies, soup. I usually don't go out for lunch, but based on the photos she's been uploading onto her Facebook page, it's just a matter of time--the dishes look wonderful, and again, nicely varied, and the shop has a cozy dining area. The prices are reasonable, or even a little on the low side, given the quality. And then there's Sue, who is always in the shop, always cheerful, and always happy to talk if you have questions, or, I suspect, requests (I've never had the occasion to place one, but I'm living for the day when I do). The custom cakes I've seen on the Facebook page range from cute-as-can-be to utterly elegant, and the flavors that she can whip up and make work are wild. After the tasty item I picked up today (I can't remember what she called it, it was something like Bavarian cream, light and rich at the same time, flavored perfectly by raspberries, strawberries and mango--just the right treat for a hot day), I can't wait to see what she comes up with next week.
Great sat morning brunch spot.  Fresh food.  Good Bacon!  Great service.
Besides being the most adorable cafe in Troy, the food is amazing.  The menu changes frequently and indicates which choices are veg-friendly.  Last week I ordered one of the dally lunch specials, the chickpea artichoke bruschetta salad.  I was not really sure what it was going to look or taste like, so I was so thrilled after one bite of the perfect homemade bruschetta dip, and surprised to find and entire roasted garlic head to spread on the perfectly toasted oiled ciabatta slices.  The greens the bruschetta were served on were perfectly tender, and accompanied by marinated olives and warmed artichoke hearts drizzled in tart raspberry dressing.  The candy jars are a super cute addition to the bakery, and since the candies are sold by the ounce, it's a great way to get just a tiny nibble of a unique chocolate if you're having a 2pm sugar craving!  Sue herself is in the kitchen working hard but keeping upbeat and friendly towards her customers, making them feel at home.
