Subs, Pizza, Beer.  Sweet Jesus I'm home. Ok, keep this in mind. I'm from Northen VA and we have crappy food. Our delis are basically an extension of the Costco for food vendors: Restaurant Depot. Every joint tastes the same. Go figure, thats what happens when every place uses the same central bakery for their sub rolls and the same deli meat for the fixings. Deli and Brew has what I want (no, not topless waitress' on roller skates).  BIG  overstuffed subs on fresh baked rolls made to order and big honkin' slices of pizza. Did  I mention there's a beer cooler?  BOOYAH! Lawsuit PSA: during the school year, should you divert your attention from the road while looking for deli and brew, you will likely run down a group of Ipod/back pack adorned college punks like bowling pins. Apparently Vandenburgh Ave is basically one big campus side walk (especially at lunch hour) where exercising your thumbs on a smart phone while hunched over and disregarding anything resembling a crosswalk are perfectly acceptable. If you are a senior citizen who regularly confuses the gas pedal for the brake on your 1982 Buick, roll through here at lunch help pay some kids school loan (and medical expenses).     Bottom line: This place is probably some run of the mill college hang out with sub standard deli food (by local standards). I love it , so blow me. Visit N. VA and you'll see why (just stay on the sidewalk).
I have four tiers for deli subs: 1) Gourmet subs. They either present something special and unique or they present the old standards with fresh, top quality breads and ingredients. Cardona's Market in downtown Albany comes to mind as an example. 2) Above average subs. They aren't going to be a life changing experience or anything, but you can expect decent quality ingredients and no skimping on the ingredients. 3) Quality chains. Quizno's comes to mind; it's a chain, it's predictable, but the food is dependably tasty. 4) Subway and worse. Stale bread, under or overripe vegetables and small portions are not uncommon. I've been to the Deli & Brew twice, both times with an HVCC alumnus, and feel comfortable putting it firmly into the second tier. Pretty standard subs, but I enjoyed my food both times. Double-stuffed meats come standard, which means skimpy ingredients are not a worry here. The atmosphere is quintessentially college area. I'd imagine it's the perfect place to stop in for lunch between classes, and a convenient place to make a beer run after dark. The service counter, which runs along the entire left wall of the building, was well-staffed both times I've been there. The place does a pretty swift business, and it's easy to see how things could get really chaotic if the owners didn't invest in the right amount of help to keep things flowing smoothly. The place is designed for pickup orders, but there is plenty of Dairy Queen style seating in the front if you want to eat in.
I have never had a bad sub from this place. I lived in Troy for a few years and we went here a decent amount. Each time is delicious! The bread is amazing, the Boars Head meat is always stacked high. I even had to start asking them to only put half the meat cause it was SO much (crazy, I know. But it just felt wasteful). I always get a small because the large is outrageous! I generally get ham and provelone, although I've tried the Italian, and the Roastbeef and both were really delcious. Some of my most fond memories are of sneaking a deli and brew sub into the drive-ins during the summer and stuffing my face while waiting for the movie to start and watching all the people. Ahh... *summah summah summah time*.... Ah, right, back to business - They also make pizza there which I've yet to try cause I can never not get a sub. It's a full convienent store so they have fountain sodas, chips, candy, pasta salads, soups, scratch offs, etc. The staff is generally collage age, and nice enough. Now that I'm thinking about Deli and Brew, I might have to stop in soon. I haven't been in about 6 months - WHAT?! That can't be true! Sadly, yes.
Great sandwiches and huge slices of pizza....good pizza I might add...awesome place in Troy check it out!
Reall enjoy their subs.  The only real sandwiches in Troy.  Stuffed well and Boar's head I believe.  I would recommend calling ahead.
Great humongous subs, very good pizza, and a friendly atmosphere. They also have a decent little selection of brewskis. However, you cannot drink them on the premises, but only to go. This place has become a weekly stop in, if not more since I have moved to Troy. They also have a good selection of giant slices. Everything they make here is big and will fill you up. Their chili is pretty darn good too!
This place is nothing if not consistent. Perfect night for a hot sub given the cold, rainy weather so got my usual pulled pork in the oven then stuffed w/ lettuce, tomato, and onion. Got a bag of chips to share and then went home. Got home and popped out a good old pumpkin spice ale and sat down w/ my sister to have dinner...... The hot sub was hot and the top of the bread perfectly crusty from the oven, the meat was well cooked----tasty, juicey, and flavorful. The veggies in the sub were fresh and didn't have the appearance having sat there all day. My sister got the chicken cutlet w/ mozzarella and italian dressing and hers just as good. The mozzarella was nice and melted and tasty. This place never skimps on the amount of meat either or the freshness. What I love is that there always looks like choas going on over there, but they really do have it down to a science and it works well. It's my favorite little hole in the wall to get my subs from. Also to note, I went away a few weeks ago with my boyfriend and his father and brother and I brought a pizza and an Italian mix from there with me for my boyfriend and his father and they gobbled them right down and both said that they were awesome. The boy's father was gobsmacked at how much meat was in the sub and how fresh it was. Love this place!
Terrific subs! I love them and they're always so BIG. Very good little hidden gem of Troy
Subs are big and I prefer RC Cola to coke so this is a win!
one big beautiful sandwich.
nothing more to say about this place is what the sign in their window Say's Our sub are huge! and that is very very true. This place is tucked in the back of the pizza hut parking lot up on vandenburgh avenue in troy.  Lunch is very busy so call in your order or wait about 15 Min's give or take. They take your orders like a deli in new york city, yell out what you want and keep it quick.
Best subs EVER, worth the price. Chicken bacon ranch pizza is amazing too.
Awesome (and inexpensive) pizza, and absolutely gigantic subs that can give you lunch & dinner. DEFINITELY recommend, especially if you're at HVCC (since the pizza in the campus center pales in comparison to here)
Ok, I'm not rating this place like a restaurant. I'm rating it like it's a convenience store that happens to have great subs and pizza for a reasonable price. You can even sit and it eat at tables that I didn't expect to find within. The subs are sold as foot long, but there's a sign out front that says they're 15". I didn't measure, but the fact that they sick out the end of the submarine sleeve that you'd get at just about any deli tells me that they're not fibbing. They weigh the meat. I think it's 1/4 pound for the half sub and 1/2 pound for the full. I always get the full size but I can only eat half. It's only a few bucks more for the full, so I get a cheap lunch for the next day out of it. The special sub of the day is $6 for a half and $9 for a full size. Those prices are, surprisingly, on the higher end of what's offered. Pro tip #1: read the signs behind the counter regarding toppings and dressings available before they ask you what you want on your sub. Pro tip #2: cold subs are nearly immediately ready while hot subs take a few minutes. As a NYC native, I'm a pizza snob. They pizza is certainly much closer to NYC style than almost anywhere else in the Capital District. It's under $2 for a rather large plain slice. Under $3 for one with toppings. It's fast, it's reasonable, the food is great, the portions are generous, and there's enough customer throughput that you might get a spot right in front of the door. Try it!
Had the buffalo chicken pizza and a slice of the always classic pepperoni. Buffalo slice was warm and tasty, but the pepperoni was cool. That's the reason for loss of star. Very busy when we arrived, but my order was taken within 2 minutes and I was out the door in around 8 with my to go.
Ok, not what I was expecting when we pulled into the parking lot. In my mind we were heading to a craft brew house with great deli subs. What we found was a convenience store...with great deli subs! First, the staff was friendly to us touristas even though you could tell this place has a lot of local regulars. The ordering process is a bit chaotic for newbies - you order subs at one station, pizza at another, get your chips and drinks off the shelves and pay at the cashier. But it is worth the craziness... The pizza slices were solid, your typical NY thin crust style. Be tempted, but go for the subs. The bread is the star attraction so what sub you pick doesn't really matter. The Italian Mix is a great choice; I went for the steak and cheese which did not disappoint even though your 250 miles from Philly. If you're passing through Troy, give them a shot. It's a dive joint no doubt, but aces on the food.
The other reviews seem spot on about how awesome this place is, so I'll make this relatively quick. If you go to LaSalle or HVCC, there's little reason to go elsewhere for lunch/after school food. The Deli is where everyone goes. I still trek over that way once in a while and make sure to stop in there. I can't say I've ever gotten a sub, but there's never been a need to with how ridiculous their pizza slices are. Any kind you could imagine has probably graced their ovens at some point. Their drink selection is absolutely off the chain. And I say that because I can never find Gatorade Melon, easily a top 3 Gatorade flavor of all time, anywhere else. The staff there are all super casual dudes who keep the lunch experience as chill as it should be. I'm actually about to head over that way for lunch today...
There are are a couple of good sub places within a few miles of this place, but this might be my favorite and I am a sub snob. The first threshold is to escape the tyranny of Boar's Head. BH is mediocrity and blandness and lazy and EVERYwhere.  This place has great cold cuts and other sandwich types (one exception, chicken salad is way dry and huge chunks.) but they cook their own roast bee,turkey and other meats and you can tell. Portions are huge too, so you get quality and quantity. And the prices are fine. And they pay attention as they make the sub. I actually don't mind Mr. Subb and a few other chains except that the maker has to b paying attention or you often get something wrong. That's never a problem here. Good sides and soups too.
Really like it here! I've never had a bad experience. I love their bacon egg n cheeses & chicken cutlet subs!
I'm not going to downgrade my review BUT...their Italian Mix sub is horrible.  Is it full of meat and cheese and other stuff that tastes good? Yes.  But is it an Italian sub? Hell NO! What I got was a HAM sub with a few slices of salami.  This is my fist disappointment with this place.  I love a great Italian sub and even though they make fantastic subs, they totally failed on this one.  Maybe it was someone new who didn't know better but If I wanted a ham sub I would have ordered a ham sub.  Slapping a few slices of salami on top of a pile of ham does not make an Italian sub.  I was not happy with this one.
Not very impressed with the sandwiches at Deli & Brew. From the name, you'd think it'd be more of a restaurant with sandwiches and craft beer. However, it's a convenience store that sells subs and beer. Maybe they should reconsider the name. Our subs were good, but there was only one bread option (plain) and the veggies were not very fresh. They do have a lot of beer, but unfortunately you can't drink it in the store.
Ok ill make this short. Every time I go here there is a new type of crazy good pizza. Around lunch hour they have like 10 pizzas out that you can buy by the slice and they are all good. My favorite is the bbq chicken, and chipotle pizza Also there selection of drinks is out of this world Subs are amazing also I get the Italian. All the food here is high quality the owner does not cut corners.
Foreword: I'm a Western NY (Buffalo specifically) native. The Buffalo Chicken Wing Sub. Can't tell you that I've tried much else, because this sub is so damn good I don't need anything more. HUGE pieces of chicken, a variety of toppings without charging you up the wazoo if you want more cheese, more sauce, more veggies. Great flavor, spicy, hot and quickly made (awesome Blue Cheese too). I've gotten pretty much any person I've ever been friends with or dated to try this sub and I've made a Deli&Brew-er out of them. Just a great place, nice service and it's always got a few people in there getting stuff because it's just GOOD there. Try it.
Great pizza and even better subs! Never dissapointed with this place ( well except when they are out of something I suppose) Also a nice selection of beers if that's your thing. Odds are you will turn your nose up at Subway/Mr. Subb after a visit. Subs are on the larger side and the quality is above anything else I have found in the area.
So I realized on my second Italian that I've gotten from here, they gip you on it being an "Italian." One layer of Salami, one layer of Pepperoni, and about 6 layers of Ham. If I wanted a Ham sandwich I would've asked! Next time I order one I'll be sure to ask for even proportions. Lacked the actual taste on an Italian Sub because of this.
The Deli and Brew is my go-to lunch spot whenever I am en route to Hudson Valley Community College.  It is the only mom and pop owned establishment in the immediate area, and for that I am thankful. The locally renowned establishment is pretty much a glorified convenient store that more importantly, serves big, tasty submarine sandwiches.  They also have a variety of pizzas that are cooked much earlier in the day, and left on display to be ordered for reheating. What is distinct about the shop is that the Deli and Brew probably serves the biggest, most stuffed subs I have seen in the Capital Region.  The large is easily two full meals.  They have loads of toppings and dressings to accompany the sandwich.  In addition they have some interesting hot subs of the day (7.99) and a different Turkey sub special each day as well.  My favorite Turkey sub is the "Killer Keller" - Italian seasoned turkey, hot cappy ham, provolone and Italian dressing.  I took this sandwich to go when I went to go hiking in the Adirondacks last fall.  What an amazing mountaintop meal I had! (See my photo above) The problem: the price is also double to what I can get at my preferred sandwich shop, Sorrentino's (see my last review).  We are looking at closer to 10 dollars for a 12 inch sandwich.  This isn't outrageous by any means, but it's not really the most budget-friendly option for the college folk who make up a good percentage of their clientele. I guess that is why I usually see them usually ordering the only slightly above average pizza (which is left on the counter for hours) instead of the much tastier subs.   All in all, the Deli and Brew is a solid lunch option for anyone in the HVCC//North Greenbush vicinity, and I probably come here a few times a month. Warning: the staff, many of whom have been working here for a good while, can be a little rough around the edges.  These big guys behind the counter are friendly enough I suppose, but be ready to know exactly what you are ordering and say it loud and clear.  Any slight hesitation on your part might be mistaken for a moment of weakness, which in turn will complicate their smooth progression of serving you fast and efficiently. Also, good luck making left hand turns out of here.
You cannot find a better sub in the capital district.  The food, the service, the selection makes this stand out from the competition.  The hot pastrami is unbelievable.
Subs are awesome!  everything is freshly sliced to order.
I'm originally from NJ and we have some really good sub shops down there. I will put Deli & Brew alongside any of the sub shops in NJ. They are that good. Good bread. Freshly sliced meat piled high. And the subs are HUGE. One sub lasts me two meals. I've also seen the college age staff change as they get older and graduate. Despite this, the sandwiches remain consistently good. They must have a training regimine or the owner just knows how to pass on great sub making skills. While you're there try the pizza. I know it took me a while to try it because it looked likes like cafeteria pizza that's been sitting a while. Fear not!!! A few minutes in the pizza oven unlocks some of the tastier pizza I've had in this area. Deli & Brew also offers a wide variety of chips and drinks to compliment your sub/pizza. They have beer and hard drinks available but you can't drink them on site. They also have Quick Draw. Grab a sub and something to drink. Sit down. Play some Quick Draw and perhaps the meal will pay for itself. I love this place. I can't recommend it enough.
This place is THE hidden gem in Troy.  I attribute my loss of 40 pounds post college to not stopping in every day for a mind blowing sub.  It's easy on the wallet and on the mouth.  For about 8 bucks, even for someone who can really eat you've got a very filling two meals.  Every time I'm back in Troy this is one of the first places I need to stop.  This past weekend I had to go twice.  Since discovering it through one of my fraternity brothers back in 2003 its been an addiction.  Its now spread through the house, and there is pretty much a constant stream of Sigma Chi brothers going in and out of the place. The Reuben is among the best I've had, I'd put it my top three of all time. It was very hard for me not to get it both times I went. If you can pull yourself past the subs, which is NOT a simple task, they also have very good pizza.  It might not be fourth street but its good, and its a lot closer from that neck of the woods. And let's not forget the brew part.  They've got an average selection of cold stuff and a fairly good selection of non-chilled microbrews.  Nothing spectacular and it won't replace the many excellent beer places in the area, but a very convenient location and supply while you're there for the sub.
It's a good place to get a big sub/sandwich when you're stuck near HVCC all day. Don't get the salads - it's just the shredded lettuce they use on sandwiches too. They've got some seats by the window if you want to eat there.
Deli and brew is a Troy staple. The big thing here is the monstrous size of things. Pizza, calzones and especially subs- it's all huge! It's incredibly popular among the hvcc crowd and there's no surprise why- prices are good for the amount you get. I tend to stick the to sandwiches here cause that's really where it's at. The pulled pork is one of their best sandwiches, or one of the sandwiches with the chicken cutlets on it. You can fix your sandwich up any way you want it, and can toast up many of the options. All in all- it's a decent joint, and that's why it's been going strong for so long.
Love the Sandwich here and I'll miss them very much, the pizza isn't anything great but its not a pizza place anyway. Staff is cool and helpful def go and get something you wont be sorry
I moved away from the Albany area, but I come back pretty regularly for work and I ALWAYS make a point to come back to the D&B.  Their sandwiches are the best - very high quality fresh ingredients and they are not stingy with them!  Seriously, a "small" sandwich is enough for 2 meals unless you're a 300 lb construction worker. Most non-locals will never find out about this place because it is so unassuming from the outside.  Nestled between Taco Bell and the cemetery and set back from the road, most passers-by will think it is nothing more than a typical mini-mart.  WRONG!! The employees are brusque in manner (you'll want to know *exactly* what you want to order when you get to the front of the line), but generally nice enough. This is a top-notch choice for lunch!!
