Although I'm still a huge fan of Famous Lunch - I'm taking away one star due to their service. The past few times I've gone - usually after the 'lunch rush' (i.e. around 1/2PM), there have been tons of people working - but nobody asks what I want. I sit down at one of the benches, and try to make eye contact with any of the workers. Most of them look absolutely miserable, so it's a fairly intimidating environment. Today it took nearly 10 minutes for one of them to take my orders (there were 3 - 4 guys working...) I'm not looking for fine-dining services, but one of the major selling points of this place is that it should be VERY FAST. The past couple times, this has been lacking. They need to streamline their ordering/paying process - it's just not efficient at all.
have eaten here before when doing a job at RPI. I wanted something fast cheap and filling and there you go. Fast Cheap and Filling. Tiny hotdogs just means you can eat more of them
Stopped in for three quick dogs.....3 dogs $2.44...can't beat that with a stick. Dogs were good & hot. I'd rent the apartment upstairs if they served beer here.
This place is perfect for cheap and tasty food. My 5 year old rants and raves about how good these hot dogs are, and for the price; you just can't beat it. It's right before you get into the real scum section of downtown Troy, which is the only downfall I can find. But it's a classic spot, and shouldn't be changed. It's a staple of Troys history.
Walked down from RPI to Famous Lunch a few times, each time was delicious. At first I was confused about ordering, but you simply just order at the counter and are served those delicious tiny dogs with the ever so tasty zippy sauce!! They have quick service and costs so little.
Boxing had Ali vs. Frazier. Hip hop had Death Row against Bad Boy Records. Olympic hockey had the US vs. the USSR (or is that passe as of last week?) The capital region? We have mini hot dogs. Famous Lunch against Gus's. Separated by the Hudson River, these dogs go head to head. Famous Lunch, you had me at the 35 foot long counter with stools. The dogs are as top notch as hot dogs can be. Coming in at about three inches long, they sure pack a punch. What an excellent snap. What a great balance between dog, meat sauce, onion and brown mustard. And for less than four bucks you can get four of these suckers with an RC cola. Who the hell else serves RC cola other than 35 cent vending machines outside of some drugstore in the middle of the Ozarks? Pure awesome on nearly every level. Famous Lunch has been in business for over 75 years and I hope it sticks around for 75 more.
I'd been hearing about these little wiener treats for a long time from my BF, who had been frequenting Famous Lunch while visiting family in Troy since childhood.  When we got there, he disclaimed that I may not be as impressed as the hot dogs would not hold the same sentimental value that they did for him.   Turns out he was wrong.  These little dogs are wonderful, even without the sentimental attachment. The wieners are flavorful, the chunky chili sauce is thick and not too greasy, and you can eat them loaded without disconnecting your jaw. I also had a slice of the apple pie, which was cold and most likely store-bought, but still tasty. Apparently, the wieners are the ones sold in the Hembolds, but be warned, the sauce is the Zippy's sauce they sell in the restaurant--not the Hembolds sauce they sell in the store.  You may need to make two separate stops if you're packing some for home, but having tried the Zippy's and the Hembold's sauces, the multiple trips, totally worth it.
Don't know how many people go to the Troy Farmers market to buy grass fed beef and top off the whole experience with mini hot dogs from Famous Lunch.   Maybe that's why I can't bring myself to give them the fifth star.  Honestly, I am still a neophyte to this mini-hot dog with meat/chili/onion sauce phenomenon.  So, I do not feel qualified yet to say F.L. offers the preeminent mini-dog experience. What I can tell you is that the sauce here is a heck of a lot better than Hot Dog Charlie's.  Mostly because it doesn't have that same raw-spice grit and flavor.   Also the place itself is great.  A grill in the window.  A counter with stools.  A handful of booths.  Simple.  Old fashioned.  Cheap.   Is it delicious?  I'm still torn.  Maybe.  I think they might be able to use an extra dollop of mustard.  Still, it's fun.  It's different.  And it provides a great contrast of raw onions vs. stewed onions.  But you better LOVE onions.   Plus, it didn't make me sick.  So, I've got that going for me.
These guys make lunches for the Troy city jail holding cell. I won't go into the details of that, but I will tell you that the 4 little hot dogs loaded with mustard, onions and zippy meat sauce plus an RC cola are amazing. For $3.02 with tax. Unbeatable.  Plus a great hangover cure. Forget places that go for that old time feel--when you walk into this Troy, NY landmark, you're in an establishment that actually WAS around in the 20's.  Very practical too, all of the walls are covered in stainless steel sheet metal.  Ain't no greese getting stuck to that. Would have gotten a hundred stars, but I tried to get a job there over a college summer break.  They told me they'd give me a call but I never heard from them.  So I could only give them a 5. Their other food is great too. Excellent breakfasts, and the sausage patty with peppers and onions is awesome. The name is decieving; they're open from 5 or 6 AM till 10PM.  [but beware, they're closed sunday] Kick ass!
Famous Lunch has been a Downtown Troy institution since the 1920s serving those tiny hot dogs with the zippy sauce. Two bites each, pop, and done! I enjoy getting 6 with the works to go! My old man used stop here during his high school years back in the 1950s when the hot dogs at Famous Lunch were only a nickel. The Hot Dog Charlie's aka "the hairy arm" nearby charged double, a dime for their mini dogs. Recently, I had to pick up my "semi-famous" sister from the train station and the first thing she said was, "I'm starving! Drive me to Famous Lunch." We picked up a dozen tiny hot dogs with the works and some fries, dinner served to go! Delish!
Regrettably, I must write a dissenting opinion in the matter of the Famous Lunch v. Reality. I went here around dinner time one evening to finally give it a shot. I've heard people swear by this place, almost canonizing Famous Lunch into sainthood. It looks kind of dingy and old, which is potentially a good sign. Some of the best places can be the skeeviest. It was relatively quiet, and the guy working here wasn't too talkative. I ordered a few dogs and they were less than impressive: they'd clearly been sitting out for quite a while, because they were somewhat crunchy and tough. They tasted OK, but I certainly wasn't blown away. Assuming this is indicative of regular service and quality, I'm sorry, but reality wins and Famous Lunch loses: color me unimpressed. I suppose I'll give it a second chance, but I'm going in with very low expectations.
Cheap and fattening hot dogs... It doesn't get much more American than this, folks.   Overall, not a bad dog.  Nice flavor and texture for the dog itself, with some tasty sauce, but the onions were too much for me.  Holy crap, did this dog with the works kick my ass with excessive raw onions.  If there is a next time for me, I'll go without.  Also, I wish they did a bit more with their bun.  Toast it, grill it, steam it... Something.  Anything.  It was soft and fresh, but lacked any personality. One other gripe... During our visit, there was an employee up on a ladder washing the ceiling in the "dining room".  Why they would do this while serving food, particularly at lunch time on a Saturday, is beyond me.  I would prefer not to smell cleaning agents while I eat, thankyouverymuch.  It did briefly distract me from the onions, though.  And the place WAS clean. Also, I have to comment on the environment here at Famous Lunch.  I'll admit I'm new to the mini hotdog scene and had no idea what to expect.  Granted I came in with a group of guys, but the place was chock full of wieners... and I don't just mean on the grill.  It was like a dive bar packed with scruffy, downtrodden men... except with harshly bright lighting, and they were throwing back zippy sauce instead of pints.  I felt as though I stepped through that doorway from modern day downtown Troy directly into a truck stop from 1960.  Not to mention the RC Cola.  Wow.  What a trip.
There is a reason that Famous Lunch has been around since before FDR was president.  It serves the best small chili dogs in the world.  Famous is an unchanged 1932 classic corner diner, downtown near the Hudson River in Troy, New York .  In the 1880s, Troy was one of the richest and most beautiful small cities in the world.  Though the money has long since departed, the Famous Lunch neighborhood remains a wonderland of gothic revival -- architectual music frozen in time. Like Troy, Famous earned it's name long ago.  It used to be called just Quick Lunch, but in the midst of the 1950's Cold War, a call came in from the US Embassy in Moscow for a shipment of the delicious Troy hot dogs.  That might not have been the whole reason for the end of communism, but freedom starts with every act of honest pleasure.  After that, Troy's little working diner called itself Famous. The food is super inexpensive and prepared with faithful attention to simple details.  Try several dogs, of course, and maybe a zippy sausage patty sandwich with perfectly grilled onions and green peppers.   If you don't like Famous, better stick to the chains.  Someday you may be ready for the kind of down home American food your great grandfather loved.  Famous Lunch will be waiting.
Sweet lunch spot. I always get "6 with", which is Famous lunch shorthand for "6 tiny hot dogs with everything on there, stat." Great food, don't make the n00b mistake of ordering one thinking there normal size. This place is the working mans lunch. This aint no trendy youth hotspot. No-nonsense attitude, which is refreshing for a change.
I walked in to get me some dog's I was standing right where the register is right by the grill I looked over at tge guy at the grill and he was moving the dog's from one side of the grill to the other with no gloves I turned right around and went out the door Dont think I'll be going back there again
Great greasy spoon, man. Their thing here is small weiners with tons of shit on them. Hey, Albany is a weird pack. Those were about the length of my hand and they make them like a factory in there. The weiners here are uncircumcised and by that I mean they still have their skin on them. That aforementioned skin makes them gently snap, so that's good. (gayest review ever?) Hangover solution? Maybe. Hunger solution? Maybe. Those fuckers are small, and the only visible deal was 4 dogs and a soda for $3.70. Menus are hard to come by, it probably pays to be a regular to learn the intricacies of what they can manufacture. Reminds me of coney island lunch in pennsylvania. Not necessarily simple, but the formula is the same - chili dogs made en masse with chopped raw onions. One big difference from the PA brethren is the mustard. Great mustard.
Where to begin! I stumbled across Famous Lunch around 2 years ago I've been about 30 plus time since its that good, best hot dogs I've ever had! The owners are so friendly and talkative, they seem to know everyone that walks in the door, this place has been around for ever! Its so cheap to I usually get 6 dogs with the works a fry, and a slice of pie, and leave for about $9-$11. Its a great HOT DOG place. Truly amazing hole in the wall.
Famous Lunch is a Troy landmark known for its bite sized hot dogs. I forget what the dog eating record is, but one of these days I'm going to have to head back up to Troy to break it. Whether you choose to sit at the counter or sit at a table, always make sure you're within earshot of a conversation. People talk about crazy things here.
When I was younger and our family would come to the Albany area to visit relatives, we always had to go to Famous Lunch.  I think the saddest moment of my life was pulling up to Famous Lunch when I was about 12 and it was closed for Labor Day.  I was a very sad little boy. Famous Lunch is half of the reason I went to RPI, the other being all the really attractive girls and the parties.  I always stop in once or twice a semester for some delicious tiny wieners!
I would think that the little hot dog is our claim to fame. With that said, there are a number of places around here that you can buy these, the 'big three' being Gus's in Watervliet, Hot Dog Charlies with various locations, and this place: Famous Lunch. All three have been serving these delicious hot dogs up for many years. There are a couple of other up and coming place that offer these (like Anton's in Albany) but you need to try one of these 'original' place first. With that said, Famous Lunch is my favorite of the 'original' three.  The hot dogs are small, so expect to order at least 4 or more to really be full. 'The works' (homemade meat sauce, mustard, chopped onions) seems to be the default, and is certainly the most delicious in my opinion, although I have had them both plain and with just mustard and they always satisfy. The natural casting is great and the flavor of the dog is slightly above a typical hot dog. The menu is pretty basic with the mini hot dogs, hamburgers, some grilled chicken, the usual greasy spoon breakfast options and the notable sausage and peppers sandwich which is great...Make sure to take some of their homemade rice pudding with you, its at least the best I've ever had. The inside is very clean with most of the busy times I've seen being breakfast and lunch. The customers vary from RPI and Sage college kids to average working guys, to cops and firefighters, to the bum on the street.  Chances are, you'll rub elbows with everybody. That's pretty cool. The only reason Famous doesn't get 5 stars is because sometimes in the evenings they have obnoxious kids working behind the counter. (At least when I've gone in a couple times, this was the case) It got a bit off putting hearing their loud and usually inappropriate conversations about their latest drunk escapades and woman troubles. Another time I stopped, another group of kids (late teens I would guess) in charge of the place were flat out running around and screaming like a bunch of little kids, right in front of us as we were seated at the counter. When you and your significant other are the only customers in the place, you don't want to have to hear or see that crap. I just want to eat my greasy delicious hot dogs in peace. I hope that these were just isolated incidents though. The food and personal service has always been top notch. All in all, I hope Famous sticks around for years to come.
I'd like to thank the kind folks on Albany's Yelp page who recommended this place to me when I asked about something that's unique to eat in Albany. I got the mini dog special - 4 mini dogs + can of soda for $4 and I was not disappointed. I ordered it with everything but onions, not realizing that it would include mustard as well (silly me!). But to my surprise, the mustard didn't bother me at all. Is it a different kind of mustard? Or did I just not taste it 'cos the meat sauce was so damn tasty? And that's pretty much the highlight for me - the sauce. I'm really glad that I stopped by to try it before flying out.
It doesn't taste great, the place could use a little repair here and there, but frankly I don't really care because there are ten hot dogs and one RC Cola sitting in front of me, ready to give me the most epic indigestion I have ever experienced (the award still goes to Shalimar's Lunch Buffet, though). Famous Lunch is a place where etiquette is faux pas and quantity over quality dominates. It's a simple place with simple food and that is something that always deserves praise in my book. Yeah it doesn't taste great and it's a bit messy, but I also know that your pants are pulled a little too high for me to take you seriously.
At 81 cents a frank, you can go wrong, but it's not likely to happen.
I was traveling for work and saw some decent reviews for a place that served chili dogs that were not called chili dogs, because it is zippy sauce... So how could I go wrong with that?! I took a break from the healthy eating and stopped in. Someone was looking out for me, there was a parking spot right out front which is always a decent start. "The Good" - The price for what you get is outstanding. Three dogs and an RC for under five bucks... Filling, easy on the wallet, and pretty good to match. "The Meh" - Yeah, nothing in the meh section. Its a quirky old school joint that is just doing their thing. "The Bad" - Nothing really in the bad section here... How are you going to fault little hot dogs??
I've read the reviews from Yelp and decided to try this place. Their food is really salty and greasy. I guess some people would call that "authentic". I can swear that McDonald's would taste healthier than their mini-dogs. The only nice thing about their food was that it was really cheap. Yea. Everything from that store was cheap. Cheap price, cheap place, cheap food. What can I expect? They serve chili hot dogs. But it was definately below my expectations. Anyway, I won't be returning.
Came here based on Yelp reviews.  Ordered 4 zippy hot dogs for a family of four.  I did not realize they were mini hot dogs (half of a regular hot dog) and we had a good laugh.  We ordered another 4.  The first one was ok (no WOW factor) but when we ate the second one, the chili became too strong and too salty.  You really could not taste the hot dog itself.  We also ordered a large fries which we left pretty much untouched as it was VERY greasy. Definitely will NOT go back again........
Famous makes other food, but their centerpiece would be the mini-hot dogs. These are made with finger length beef and pork dogs with natural casings. There aren't as good as all-beef dogs, but nonetheless pretty good. The dogs come with the usual condiments and Zippy sauce, this is a meat based sauce, with a bitter spicy flavour ... good with the hotdogs, not so much with the burgers. The hot dogs are worth the trip, the fries are so so, as are the burgers. Consider the price, this is a pretty good deal. Oh, they have flexible hours, but they may open early and close late. (5am-10pm)
I fiend for these hot dogs. You can't find places like these in America anymore.  I go back everytime I'm in town.
This is a hole in the wall that's been operating since 1923 or 1933.  The people working there genuinely seem to like it and love perpetuating this tradition of greasy food in the middle of the "Troylet." You can sit at the counter, in a booth, or get take-out.  They sell tiny, little hot dogs, so small that if you usually eat two normal ones, you should get four or five here.  If you get them with "everything" they'll come covered in Famous Lunch's zippy sauce, which is like chili.  Very greasy, fattening stuff, but really good.  My companion got a zippy cheeseburger, a burger covered similarly in zippy sauce.  Two RC Colas and it came out to under $6.00.  Delicious, and definitely not health food.
The little hot dogs really do it for me. I've been coming here since I was a little kid, and eat about a dozen with everything and wash it all down with chocolate milk. Best deal is the 4 hot dogs and a soda for $3.70, does it get better than that?
Yuck!  I'm not sure what happened to my dogs but they were inedible because of the onions.  This is coming from someone who loves onions, raw or cooked.  I'm the kind of person who orders a cheese pizza with extra onions or a salad with extra onions.  I love big slabs of raw onions on burgers and I put  onions in almost everything I cook. However, I ordered 4 of the mini Zippy dogs, loaded, which means they come with meat sauce, onions and mustard.  I couldn't wait to eat them.  Until I took one bite and spit it out.  The onions on my dogs were inedible.  I couldn't even pick them off because they were under the sauce and there were so many that there were more onions then sauce and they were more of an onion paste then pieces of onions.  This normally wouldn't bother me BUT...the onions were so intense and dank that I couldn't even taste the sauce, hotdog or mustard.  The onions didn't look like the onions I see in photos posted on here.  they were shaved so small that they were almost a paste.  I even question if they were real onions or those freeze-dried onions rehydrated in rotten onion juice or if I was served very old onion shrapnel from the bottom of a very old onion bin.  I can't even rate the quality and flavor of the sauce or the actual hotdog because I couldn't taste them and the funky onion taste is still in my mouth despite one bite, hours of time and almost an entire pack of super minty gum. I'm not sure I'm even willing to give them a second chance since they chose to serve me rotten food.
They call it Famous for a reason.  These bite size hot dogs, which have been served up since the 20's are great.  Not sure what's on the topping -never asked- but it's good stuff.  A must stop if you're in the Troy area.
This place never gets old! They've kept up the same style of serving, cooking, waiting, etc. and its stayed just as perfect throughout the years. It took me a long long time growing up not to be skeeved out by little hot dogs. Once I realized they would be exactly the same as a big hot dog, I gave it a try and it was a great treat for my mouth! I personally don't like zippy sauce, or the rest of the works, but give me a bit of ketchup and I am the happiest girl ever! Also, I'm a big fan of the cheeseburgers - I love me some burger on the flat grill! Obviously that means its a greasy burger, but that's how I like it best! And - you can get yourself an RC cola to go with your meal, and what isnt great about that?!?!? If you are in Troy - check out this must-try dive!
Love this place!!  My son loves to sit at the counter and eat his 6 mini hot dogs with zippy sauce!!  and of course his soda too!!
I love everything about this place. The hot dogs are the best in the area. Even though they use the same actual dogs as Gus's (Helmbold's) I think the zippy sauce and mustard they use makes the difference. It's like a time warp when you walk in this place. It seems like nothing has changed since they originally opened. It's the only place I know where the counter fills up quicker than the booths. You may get confused and think you are at the VFW hall because its usually lined with older working class guys talking about their problems. They also serve breakfast which is pretty good. But don't come here expecting anything out of the ordinary. Its just a simple breakfast menu. eggs, omelets, meat, pancakes, and toast. But there is a HOT DOG OMELET that I was tempted to get.
Good little hot doggies.
Yeah this place is THE BOMB. Little chili hotdogs early in the morning with a hangover make you sick but i still went anyway. I'll probably never go back since I'm moving on with my life after college but this place will always have a place in my heart. *sigh*
shudder. i went here twice with kenz. the second time we left and went somewhere else as we Just Couldn't Do it.  it seems that other's really love the place but i can't just like it based on it's quirkyness. the hotdogs are in casings. again i shudder. i know, this makes them more authentic. but i just don't want to bite down and hear a pop and have to twist my teeth and head to completely sever the bite. and our meat sauce had crunchy bits that i suspected were perhaps bone. oh, back to the dog. after the effort to get a bite into my mouth, i realized that the flavor was dull and uninteresting. i expected at least some yummy juicy spicyness. but no. the fries were also boring. the people that work  and frequent the place Are interesting to engage with so at least that makes the trip worthwhile. and even tho we didn't like the food i wasn't too put out because it cost me like $5 for the two of us to Not eat.
Good stuff.
Quintessential American Greasy Spoon. Grab a bite to eat that's delicious, economical and won't make you late for work. This is not health food. Pony up to the counter and order a breakfast sandwich. Two eggs, four strips of bacon, American cheese on rye toast. The bacon was sliced thick and cooked up crispy. Yes, crispy. No limp, undercooked, microwaved bacon here. It was perfect. The eggs were fried with the yolks broken and cooked until just barely set so you don't make a mess. This place feels like an old time movie. Workers on lunch break sitting at a counter. Cook barking orders to a minion. Proper food handling practices upheld...read: gloves were changed after taking my money. Pay at the counter when you're done. The bathrooms are clean, but no warm water. Original flooring very cool.
Stepping into famous lunch is like stepping back in time. the lunch counter over looks the grill where your food is prepared, or you can sit in a vintage booth across the aisle. It really is an awesome dining experience. I had two with everything and an RC cola. Everything is their chili/meat sauce, mustard, and chopped onions. they are tasty, and the hot dogs themselves are also among the best i've had. i wish i had tried famous earlier, but unfortunately in a couple of months i won't be hanging out in troy nearly as much.
My favorite place to go when I get in town. I only go for the dogs (hembolds)... I use to go to Hot Dog Charlie's when I was a kid. My Grandfather got me started with the dogs. Famous is one of the best places to go though. I must say I havent tried any of the others yet though. I've been going to Famous for about the last 20 years.
Great dogs!
I just LOVE this place and always have since I was a little girl. Everytime I go in, I get the same order: 4 hot dogs w/ everything on it, a side of fries, a grape soda, and then a piece of chocolate cream pie if they have it. These are the best little hot dogs and their zippy sauce is just so amazing. Fries are nice and crisp and greasy and so fun to to dunk in left over zippy sauce or just load up w/ some salt and lots and lots of ketchup. Grape soda just washes it down smoothly. Chocolate cream pie is the best I've ever had even if it does come to them pre-made and this is a little hole in the wall. It's so light and creamy and you can tell there's lots of whipped cream mixed with chocolate and the little greasy cookie crust...it's just perfection, seriously! Inside hasn't changed, except that it's cleaned up a little. And I hope it never does change. This place has  been a staple in Troy for years and I hope it always stays and is a tradition I can start with my own kids. Help...same as it's been for years and I can't imagine it any different. Even when newbies come in, they are just as nice and welcoming as the oldies (even though the oldies aren't old, lol). Famous Lunch, how I do heart you big time!
Very old-school dive diner type of place but that's part of it's charm. The little hot dogs are pretty good, but it's the sauce that really makes them. It's a bit of a local landmark, definitely worth a stop
Famous lunch is a Troy institution.  More than just  little dogs but the dogs are great! Good coffee fast service.Rice Pudding is a must try! great breakfast place but not this trip i went in for 4 and the Pudding Snacke time.   Zippy Sauce streight up. its like going home. And CHEEP.
Hands down the best greasy little dog place in the area. This beats out all of your Gus', Charlies', and anyone else who dares to step up to the mighty mighty small wiener wars, lolololol, yeah I meant that. Back to the weenies, they're tasty. With beer, without beer, with milk and especially the chocolate milk they serve. Old school lunch counter, its great. Funny thing is they do breakfast too, enough grease to suck up any good night of partying. If you're ever on a hot dog tour of the capital region, make sure this is your last stop because you won't have to go to any other establishments. Whatever you do, don't go and get picky, order the dogs just like they're supposed to be, with the works!!! To top off the meal, get the rice pudding with cream. Best rice pudding around. Its the kind thats tasty, but not so overly sweet that you think your mother is going to come around the corner and try to put water in it to kill the sweetness.
Cheap shop. Not the cleanest place for sure, or most welcoming; but decent enough food. Has a distinct old school feel staying true to the ever fading old troy.
Best dogs, best sauce, and staff remembers you. I think after the 3rd time i went there they started asking me "the usual?" (which is 5 dogs and a cheese burger with onions)  You can get the zippy sauce on pretty much everything! Zippy burger, zippy fries. Also get the jumbo half and half, half white milk and half chocolate. Good BLTs too.
I like scruzy as well as anyone, perhaps even more so.  But FL pushes the outside of the greasy spoon envelope, for sure.  If you eat there, don't look at the grill, which looks as if it has not been cleaned in a decade.  Nevertheless, history and survival must be honored, so go have the 4 dog special which comes to $4 including a can of soda.  At that price, who can complain... and if you did, what good would it do you?
Best hotdogs hands down. Gus's doesn't hold a candle to famous.
You have to try the dogs at least once.  They're mini dogs with spicy chili ("zippy") sauce, unique to the region and Famous is one of the few places still doing them like they've always done them.  The lunch deal (4 dogs plus a soft drink) is an extremely good deal.  "Ambiance" is of a local place that still looks like it looked 50 years ago, with some of the same people (or their children/grandchildren) coming by.
