I like this place. Usually. There's more detail about the place in my other review, but I have some complaints after a Saturday lunchtime visit with a few friends. 1. Friday - Sunday lunch is the FULL dinner price. Sure, you get to order off the dinner menu, but $30 (including tax/tip) for lunch is way too much. I don't think I'm going to go back on the weekend anymore. The Monday - Thursday price for lunch is about $10 cheaper and the dinner price is cheaper too. Lunch on the weekend is totally not worth it and weekend dinnertime is crazy busy. 2. The not getting what we ordered thing was laughable this time. We had to remind them of our soup/salad appetizer order and then we were delivered only 2 out of the 3 things with a mention they were out of seaweed salad. Meanwhile, one of the other things we got was a spicy seaweed salad. It seemed like if you could make a spicy seaweed salad, you could make a regular one. Maybe they spice it up in huge batches ahead of time? I don't know. Anyway, once the sushi came out, we were missing a roll. Next time we ordered, we reordered the same roll. Yep, still missing. No mention of why it wasn't there from the staff. In addition, ALL of the ingredients for the roll we ordered twice and never got were present in other rolls on the plate. Meanwhile, we were asked if we wanted to order more by waitress X about 10 seconds after waitress Y took our order...more than once. Also, waitress Y asked us if we wanted to order more 2 minutes after she took our order...but she realized that when we looked at her funny. To recap so far, we were told the weekend lunch was full dinner price, we had to remind them of an order, they were out of something, and didn't serve us something we ordered twice, but they were all about taking our order...repeatedly. 3. The ice cream had ice crystals on top like it was sitting open in a freezer for a long time. Having ice cream offered at the end is nice, but it needs to not be like the stuff I find in my freezer a month or two after forgetting it's in there. By the way, my friends got mango (which strangely tastes like pina colada). I got vanilla. Same issue with both flavors. Did I mention I like this place? Seriously. I do. They just need to focus on a better system to get the orders filled properly while paying attention to the quality of the food whether it's a "free" (you're paying for it anyway) dessert or a main course item. Also, don't gouge me for lunch on the weekend...I really don't need piles of sushi at noon on Saturday. Next time, a diner or an Indian buffet will be our top options for lunch on a weekend. Too bad, Sushi X. See you during the week sometime when I feel like getting a deal on sushi and some mixed drinks.
I love this place. All you can eat sushi, just don't order more than you can finish. The Tiger roll was outstanding and the atmosphere was unlike anything you'll find in this area.
Came here for the first time on Christmas Day. The food was excellent. There's a lot to be said about food that comes out as soon as it's done. Had a mix of sushi and standard Japanese fare (katsu, tempua, gyoza, etc.). Kids kept saying they were full- then they wanted more!
All you can eat sushi? "It can't be good", I thought. "I'll end up getting my fill on mediocre food", I thought. I was somewhat correct.  21 bucks or so and you get all you can eat sushi and kitchen items.  What does "sushi" mean? Here, it means interesting, modern (and tasty) rolls. I got some more traditional nigiri sushi to see; it wasn't very good. It was "good enough" is the best way to put it. The special rolls were quite tasty but clearly put together for the American "omg let's get sushi" crowd. The wait staff will not know what "nigiri sushi" even is. Some customers won't appreciate that.   The kitchen menu offered several "pan asian" dishes, mostly Japanese, that ranged from "rock shrimp" (fried shrimp doused in a tasty sauce) to tempura to small cuts of tonkatsu. All quite tasty and served quite promptly - none close to the best I've had.    But that isn't really the point here, is it? The place looks like a club with an otherwise dim atmosphere decorated by flashing lights of all colors. Order your food on a paper list etching in numbers next to the items you want to signify how many orders you want. Club music. Restaurant volume.   You're here to have fun stuffing your face with some friends for a very reasonable price. My recommendation? Go here with some friends after a solid workout or soccer game or something. And EAT FOR HOURS.    It might stick in some people's craw that this mostly Japanese cuisine is owned and served by a Chinese staff. Again, if you want a traditional sushi experience, don't come here. Open your shmind and enjoy copious amounts of tasty food at a reasonable price.     Note that they charge 18 percent gratuity automatically.     Note that Nicole, the cutie, Pnay hostess is mad cool.
I've been here twice and on my first visit I would have given it 4 stars (for food) as ALL of the food was DELISH! Sushi rolls were fresh, anything fried was lightly golden and flavorful. My second visit, the sushi rolls were fresh and tasty, but anything that had to be cooked in the kitchen was hit or miss. Some things (ex veggie tempura) appeared to have been fried in old oil and lacked a lot of taste. Also, the vegetable udon noodle soup was just very salty and could not really taste the veggies through the salt. So for this, I give the food a 3. I do highly suggest the ginger ice cream though at is it is sweet but with a slight amount of spice to it. Service here gets about a 2. It is not very good at all and the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing. No one knows who's getting drinks for the table and you wait forever for your drinks or certain dishes to come from the kitchen and when you ask the wait staff they look at you like you have 3 heads. Drinks--get 1 star. We tried 2 of the specials one night--I can't even remember the names they were that terrible. Not cold, too much alcohol, and just not good mixes of flavors. Inside decor--very clean, very hip, very nice. This place has the potential to be really good, but it's still got some major spots for improvement too.
Would I go again, maybe.  All you can eat is fun and has its purpose. Food c +.  Service b. Atmosphere is unique.
The sushi was good for the most part, also had some fried fish that was delicious. I didn't like some of their more adventurous specialty sushi rolls - there's one with mango and lobster in a soy paper wrapping that sounded strange, looked fun, and was just too sweet for me. I liked all of the more traditional rolls. Service was fine, but I got the feeling that waitresses were avoiding us after the 2nd or 3rd round of ordering (we were doing the limitless menu, about $20 per person). The inside looks like a cheesy vegas bar (color changing neon lights, mirrors), which is not necessarily a bad thing, just unexpected. I did enjoy the japanese jazz/pop songs. I was told that it gets crazy crowded and service slows down in the evening, so we went at 5:30 and got served quickly and efficiently. Overall pretty tasty, worth the money and I would go again.
The food is step above Price Chopper sushi. The price is about 6 times Price Chopper sushi. This place isn't that great. Especially considering that Yoshi is just down the road. This was written after a dinner experience and after a lunch experience.
I had an uneasy feeling going to an all you can eat sushi place, but each roll is made for you, and they are really quite good.  from what i could see around the table all the food looked very good... so i will definately be going back
Pretty good sushi.  Can't beat the "all you can eat" deal.  Service is ok, but has lots of room for improvement.  It's close, reliable and I will be back.
When I come to NY this is the one place that is a must.   You must also try the Margaritas!   The service is always great . The food is soo fresh and the variety is amazing.  I think that they do it all really well.
i was pleasantly surprised by this "all you can eat" sushi establishment.  the lounge is done up in hip lights and a blue all around vibe.  the sushi is $20 all you can eat.  with a non-alcoholic drink it comes to $28.99 (18% gratuity included), but be careful of that.  the tip is already included with your bill, so if you pay by credit card, there's no need to tip again.   the sushi was delicious, prepared and served faster than i've ever been served at a sushi place, and the variety was pretty good.  highly recommended
Start off with the fact that they did a Great Job in renovating this place.  They Obviously spent big bucks on the LED Lighting, etc. The Sushi is as good and FRESH as any sushi restaurant I've eaten at, including NYC and LI.  The thing that makes Sushi X GREAT is the fact that you can order as much as you'd like of Made to Order Sushi/Sashimi, and the PRICE is just $20 (weekdays) and $22 on weekends.  That also includes "all you can eat" from the extensive Kitchen Menu.  Tempura, Udon Noodles, etc. etc.  Don't miss the Pepper Tuna, Red Snapper and Rock Shrimp.  I could go on and on.  If you don't love Sushi, they have plenty of Kitchen Choices so you'll still enjoy yourself with your sushi loving friends.  FYI, I tried Sake (Latham) last week which was good, but $20 doesn't go very far; ditto Habachi (Saratoga) last week... "ditto".   the ONLY "shortcoming" is that there are some things they don't offer (IE: Fatty Tuna), but I understand the price/cost issue.  I'd like to see that with an "extra charge" offered.  Sushi X in Latham; I'm there just about every week.  Hope you like it.
Sickening. Rude service. They tried to force us to eat the remainder of our disgusting rolls with the threat of charging us after we told them nothing was fresh. My friend was visibly getting ill and we wanted to just leave and the manager gave us a very hard time and embarrassed us in front of other guests and the waitstaff. Unbelievable.  Will NEVER return.
My boyfriend and I are addicted to sushi x! We love it so much that when we are not in the Albany area we always try to find a place to compare, and have yet to. The sushi is of very good quality and the specialty rolls are delicious! The service is always quite prompt despite how busy they are on any given night of the week. If you are a sushi lover you will love sushi x! For the price you can't beat it!
I understand it's all you can eat sushi and it wouldn't be the best I had, but I wanted to give this place a shot.  I wasn't impressed. The decor, particularly the lighting is just plain weird. I'm not going to try to describe it, but it doesn't fit. The food was blah, lacked flavor and wasn't as fresh as I'm used to. The dining room was becoming full (we had an early Friday night dinner) so maybe I'm more picky w food than others. Overall this place is ok. I was happy I was able to try many items off their menu, however I wouldn't return. I gave Sushi X two stars (I want to give them 2.5 stars being that the waiter was very personable) because I realized what I was getting my into with all you can eat sushi. Just like once in a while when I go to Mc Donald's, I realize what I'm getting myself into. The reviews on Yelp are mixed so if you're feeling adventurous give this place a shot you might like it, unfortunately I didn't.
I don't understand any of the hate this place is getting on here. Sushi X is by far my favorite restaurant in a 100-mile radius. The service is always deserving of the 18% automatic tip and the sushi is really good! I think their selection is more than fair, considering the quantity and variety for about $30 a person it pretty much can't be beat.
so amazing! went for the 1st time new year's day!  so wonderful -- need to order 14 rolls at a time to get the boat
Warning: this place can become addicting! The sushi is good, but just thinking about the items from the kitchen make my mouth water.  The decor is fun, and their service is aggressive -- which, in an upscale buffet setting, is welcome. Their baked mussels, seaweed salad, and soups are my favorites. They also do a nice job with sashimi. The drinks are very strong!
Sushi X is a great place for Latham. Unlimited sushi and appetizers for a very reasonable price. The sushi is good quality and I would definitely go back if I want to stuff my face. The decor and service are both very satisfactory, so that wasn't a concern for my party.
My second time going here. I was visiting some friends and you can't beat the price here for all you can eat. Again as I experience the first time I went..... I ordered 3 rounds (yes I can eat!) and the waitress made a are you serious face. Way to hide how you really feel.  And I saw her walking away and grabbing another waitress to comment about my table, lots of attitude and giggles.   I'm Asian, I understand what you're saying!##!! Isn't this all you can eat?????  They also forgot some of the dishes. Wow, service here is terrible. I really feel uncomfortable eating here. At least this time they didn't hand the check until it was requested. (LAST TIME the check was put on our table right before we wanted to order a third round and our waitress conveniently missing) This is a good place to eat with a group at a cheap price and have some drinks.  In no way is this an Authentic Japanese restaurant. The waitresses had no clue what they were talking about when asked about couple of their dishes in their menu because they are Chinese. BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR - Cheap quality service. I have to give it a womping 1 star, there's so many variables that make it a good restaurant and service is one of the few key factors.
When Sushi X opened a few years back, it was understandably applauded as providing sushi and cooked Japanese fare that was comparable in quality to the a la carte competition at a far cheaper price.  After many trips there, I can report that the pricing has remained relatively low, the balance has been lost. The quality of the fare seems to ebb and flow and disappoints more often than it pleases, even at Sushi X's very competitive price levels.   Part of this might be that the competition has upped its game, but that's not saying too much as the Capital District is a hard market for a top-quality sushi restaurant to survive in. That no sushi restaurant carries fresh otoro or chu-toro is an indication that the business to support a high-end restaurant might not be there.  If there is not demand for those items, it is easy to see why sushi restaurants don't take much risk and don't want to pay more for higher quality cuts of fish. Although Sushi X rolls are, thankfully, made to order, as opposed to being churned out on a conveyor belt, the ingredients, especially the fish seem to be of a cheaper quality than the competition.  Other shortcuts are taken.  For example, the sushi rolls use poor quality or under-ripe avocados which taste more like banana.  Although Sushi X deserves credit for not drowning their rolls in the usual mayonnaise based sauces, far too many selections incorporate overly salty versions of spicy tuna/salmon/etc. The restaurant also appears to be managing costs with smaller portions of fish. The eel was barely detectable in an Dragon Roll. Overall, very unsatisfying. The cooked menu items offer a more reliability and good portions. The kitchen seems to have a decent hand with the fryer and there is a nice variety of cooked options. The decor is a bit kitschy: dark room with laser lights everywhere and loud music.  While not as distracting as it sounds, the poor lighting actually impacts the service.  The bar area is so dark, the service might not be alert to the fact that a table needs to be wiped down and ordered items checked on the ordering sheet are sometimes overlooked. The management is also not fastidious about maintaining a clean exterior appearance. The asphalt in the parking lot is severely dilapidated, and no effort has been made to keep the entrance way clean or to trim the landscaping.   Service is attentive and the ordering system and turnaround time show good efficiency.  A modest gratuity is added to every check. I recall it being less than 15%, but I have misplaced my receipt so I can't give you the current figure from my last visit.  With AYCE and a beer, look for a bill to be in the $30-35 range during the week.
I have been to Sushi X many times, but i'm sad to say this last visit may be our last. I went with two other people. We were seated after a 15 minute wait since the place was so packed...that part was more than understandable. Next to us was a HUGE party of probably 20 plus, and the wait staff looked a bit flustered with the amount of orders being made. One member of our party is allergic to shellfish, so we gave them one separate sheet that had no shellfish on any of the rolls, and asked if they could keep it separate from the rest. They said yes. After about a 30 minute wait, we got our order....all together, and with rolls we didn't even order that included shellfish. Apparently the possibility that one of us could be sent to the hospital wasn't a big concern. We flagged the waiter and pointed out that this plate wasn't even our order. He apologized and took it back. A few minutes later, another waitress picks up the SAME PLATE from the sushi bar that we sent back, and tries to give it to us again. Really? We again explained the issue. It the end they just took the wrong rolls off the plate and replaced it with ones we ordered. We had tried to get the sushi x roll as well, but it took several order attempts and finally someone telling us they were unable to make it since they didn't have the ingredients left. Needless to say we weren't happy about the automatic 20% tip. In total we spent about 2 hours there. As much as I loved going there before, I don't think we will be returning again.
Even though 2 stars is almost a total slam, I really can't stamp this with an "A-Ok" as "You get what you pay for" rings true. Perhaps I'm spoiled rotten by the AYCE sushi haven that is Las Vegas, but you pay $14.95 (plus 18% gratuity) for sushi that is barely above the quality you can find on a $7.99 Chinese lunch buffet and BELOW that of which you can find in an American chain supermarket sitting in the cold section if you're hurting for a fix. The fish really wasn't of fresh quality at all. Just  the lowest grade you can find that can satisfy a sushi craving- but barely. -You aren't given the option of sitting at the bar (probably because they don't want you to see the fish coming out of a toothpaste tube. -The service (although friendly) was forgetful at times and gratuity is 18% -The fish had zero flavor. I seriously couldn't tell the difference between tuna and salmon and forget about marbling or texture. -The shrimp tempura roll had shrimp tempura that was so old and hard I loathed having to finish it. -The rice wasn't cooked right and was cold and dense. -The ratio of cheap fish to anything else that is advertised in the roll is slim -No nigiri, but with fish quality so low you need a few other ingredients commonly found in sushi rolls to hide the poor quality along with a dumpster truck of wasabi. -Can anyone tell me what the hell was in the hand roll? (See photo). Bet you $10 it'll glow under a black light. On a positive note, the miso soup was good (easy enough, thank God) and the red snapper filet was decent. Chicken katsu was alright and props for at least giving us yellow ginger (not that pink stuff). Also no fishy burbs or food poisoning praise Jesus (and baby Jesus)...so yes, it's above Chinese buffet sushi. Again, you get what you pay for and I'll wait to head back to Vegas before I head out for another Albany adventure into 'All you can eat' raw fish.
The atmosphere is super cool.... Vegas or LA club feel... Sushi is grocery store quality.  That being said... I've had some really good sushi in my life.  So... If your mission is to stuff your face on sushi.. Excellent choice.  If you want quality and not quantity.. Skip it.
This is for the service I got today!!!! Some of the servers here need to learn some work ethics!!!! Our server questioned us about the amount of food we checked on the list and reminded us of the fee if we dont eat everything in our plate,I have been here many times since the sushi is pretty good so I am VERY MUCH AWARE about the fee. Our server went back with our plate and almost slams it on our table, ok We let that go. We ordered the dragon roll, and I dont remember it being overly spicy, there was a freaking pepper in it, if this is intentional, Im sorry to disappoint our server because I love spicy food, i am not sure if it was done on purpose so we will have leftover food and pay the fee..I am a Paying CUSTOMER so I should get the  service I paid for!!!!
I tried it once, for the all-you-can-eat lunch.  I'm not big on buffets etc b/c i can't eat enough at one time to get my moneys worth. I'm more of a quality over quantity girl, and the quality of sushi here is not so good. They also don't offer sashimi on the special (though i don't think i'd want it after tasting the rolls). If you like the other things like veggie tempura or rock shrimp etc then this is a good place for you, but if you actually just want good sushi, don't bother. Better to spend $10 on a lunch special at sake cafe and get 3 rolls with a soup (or salad).
Went here with a large party of 30+ Everyone basically order the all you can eat buffet. Pros: Wide variety Decently made and sized sushi Semi attentive staff Fresh fish and great appetizers Cons: Odd neon decorated and dark Orders were consistently misplaced Orders didn't always come with everything you order Service slowed down drastically as we ate Became almost impossible to order beyond 2 rounds I might go back if I go back to the area, just because it's all you can eat. But than again I felt like crud.. darn those places! I always want to get my monies worth.
Tried Sushi X for lunch today because of a recommendation from a friend and I was very impressed! The lunch special was an incredibly reasonable price for all you can eat, and the sushi was of great quality. 10/10 would definitely go again.
I wrote this same review elsewhere - I just felt compelled to write it here too. First off, if you're looking for edible, cheap, all-you-can-eat sushi, it's OK. We've been to the Central Avenue location before (now closed). It's hit or miss, sometimes chewy / fishy, sometimes fairly good. Rock shrimp app is pretty good. Basically, this is not your top-notch sushi place, just somewhere to basically stuff your face with it when you're in the mood to be gluttonous. This was the first time we'd been to the Latham location. The decor is like a dollar store threw up all over the place - just loud, splashy, cheap plastic colors everywhere; and loud pop music blaring. But fine. Service is just what you'd expect at a buffet-type place: you're largely ignored until they see an empty plate; then they take it. They take your order (which you write yourself), and they bring you food. Occasionally water is refilled. Also fine. So we get the check... and discover they've tacked on an over 20% service charge! We asked the owner why, and he informed us that it was the tip. We were flabbergasted - it was just the two of us, not a large party - and there was essentially no service provided! We debated about whether or not to just pay it, and not return; but we wanted to leave our server a cash tip, because we were concerned that if the owner was so unscrupulous, she might not even receive the tip from him. We decided to dispute the charge. We told the owner that we didn't think it was even legal for him to tack on a 20% charge, and asked him to remove it so we could leave our own tip. He became immediately hostile, and said that if the service was bad, he would discipline our server. We told him no, there was nothing wrong with our service- it was just that this was not a typical restaurant establishment, it was buffet style, and the servers essentially brought and took plates and nothing more. He repeated over and over if there was something wrong with the service, he would punish the server. It was really unsettling. He finally muttered he would remove the charge, and stalked off. The poor terrified server brought our (correct) check. We left her a cash tip (like $5) for a $47 bill. The owner followed us out to our car, bill (and cash tip) in hand, demanding to know why we had left such a small tip! We told him again that this was not a fine-dining, full-service restaurant, but a glorified buffet - and that he cannot force us to pay 20% just because he feels entitled to it! He was truly menacing: he started yelling; and he was agitated to the point of trembling. He even prevented my husband from getting into our car by wedging himself in front of the driver's side door! Honestly, I was frightened. He finally stomped back into the restaurant... but not before putting our cash tip in his pocket. Of course we will never return. But we wanted others to be warned about the utterly creepy, unethical (and possibly illegal) behavior of this restaurant's owner.
One waitress running herself ragged (not ours) and another who disappeared for 30 minutes at a time (ours, of course) made for a disastrous dining experience yesterday.  It was one of those times when you curse the automatic 18% gratuity, because they didn't even come close to earning it. Buffets rather skeeve me out as there are always kids making a mess or grown ups using their fingers and chewing with their mouths open while still standing at the buffet.  Yuck!  So I like Sushi X's all-you-can-eat format where it is served to you.  But after more than a dozen visits, the only thing that is consistent is knowing the service will be iffy and you have a 50/50 shot of your order being correct. Yesterday in particular, we ate our first round of sushi and then sat there with empty glasses and empty plates waiting for our server to return.  We waited so long that I went to the empty host station and retrieved another set of menus myself.  My theory that if someone saw the papers sitting there, they'd stop to put in the order worked.  We ordered double what we normally would have just so we wouldn't spend another 30 minutes waiting for food.  We ordered chicken and they gave us breaded pork, we ordered a Boston roll and got 2 California rolls instead.  Usually they screw up at least once every visit by either not giving us everything that we order or by giving us items that we never ordered.  Sushi X's ability to consistently screw up is the one area in which they excel.
I was in the neighborhood with family and we had a big table of us. The appetizers are a little hit or miss. BBQ squid was a surprising favorite to the point we ordered a second one. The dumplings were a little worst than the ones you can buy frozen from Trader Joe's. The seaweed salad was perfect. The maki are pretty subpar. We ordered a broad range but found they all were just okay. The service is what brings us down the rating here. We came in on a Sunday afternoon and were greeted by an overwhelming scent of bleach. They were cleaning the front room during the lunch hours in a way that's just over the line of not okay. The host was apathetic to our presence in that awkward way you don't ever want to feel when you're paying for lunch. I engaged him to seat our party and he did. We were seated in the back thankfully, so there was only the slightest scent to smell. It took a good 10 minutes to get someone to show up to our table and the conversation never got less than awkward. Maybe I'm being overly conscious or maybe a family member of mine personally offended the waitress in a past visit, but I had a sense of not being welcomed guests while there. Eventually we were served. A good chunk of the order was totally off base (where'd the mackerel come from?) but with all you can eat, it wasn't a big deal. The food it self was pretty good when it got there. I did have to acquire dish and silverware for us by taking it from an empty table.. no one was giving much care to us. We ate, we left. I won't go back. You can do better for the price point.
We love sushi X...only reason for 4 stars is we'd like to see new rolls at some point. But for all you can eat sushi its the place to go! The manager Mason is great and gratuity is incl in charge- no one particular person is your server, everyone seems to help each other.  If something is left off or not brought to our table when we order it ( which happens) we just write it down and order again. No biggie :) great 1/2 drink specials on weekends
Jan 2014: This review is for the all-you-can-eat-sushi. Last night I went with a meet up group of around 60 people. The amazing part is the speed. Besides our group I saw about another 40 customers already there. There are 6 visible sushi chefs sprinting everyone continuous orders. I am not really sure how many wait staff were there, but I believe they were about 5-6. They work fast but in a smooth pacing that dosesn't feel rush at all. Each dish came neat and beautiful as any other restaurants, and the staff find their ways to fit the food on our tables filled with previous orders. Sashimi and sushi are fresh as well. Worth every pennies. May 2014: After above review, I went there twice with different small groups of 4. Both were slow nights. Somehow the speedy service didn't happen again. We had to wait a while before someone took our ticked orders. It seemed they were intentionally trying to avoid eye-contacts, so we wouldn't eat too much. That was what we all felt. Fish was not as fresh and the sashimi size is much much smaller. Probably when I went with 60-people group, the restaurant were trying to impress all of us to come back again. The 4-star above is for Jan 2014. I would remove some for the later times.
My fiancé and I have been here a few times when we come to visit Albany. It's solid quality, especially for all you can eat sushi which sometimes can be disappointing. The rolls are a good size and very flavorful. Also, they have half priced drink specials whenever we have gone, usually later in the evening. The only thing that keeps them from getting that 5th star, like other all you can eat sushi joints, they inevitably forget to bring out items we ordered.
I know sushi and sashimi can be expensive so the $24 per isn't that bad. Make sure you realize that gratuity is added to the bill. We went on a Sunday. Service was hit and miss. Food was mediocre. I did like how you have to eat what you order. I hate it when people waste food. One of our orders wasn't filled which was not good service wise but okay for us because it would have pushed us over the edge food wise. We didn't say anything and got some matcha ice cream instead. Yum!
Nah. All you can eat? Yes. Great quality? Nah. Awesome service? Nope. Weird atmosphere? Yes. The one thing that I did like about this place is that most "all you can eat" places are: "get up, get it yourself...take it off the shelf/bar and hopefully none of the other patrons sneezed on it"... Here, you just fill out more paper menus if you want to stuff yourself. There are little signs on the table warning that if you leave over too much, you'll pay a la carte...so consider yourself warned. Not my cup of tea. (the tea wasn't very good, by the way). I like real sushi. Don't care if it costs more - quality over quantity.
We came with a big group of friends and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and freshness of the fish. Usually I don't go to AYCE because I can never eat my worth and it's usually subpar quality but me and the hubby along with the rest of my friends agreed how great this was. I always go for the salmon sashimi as well as a few rolls. They have hot kitchen foods and apps as well if you don't enjoy raw fish. The dessert was simple : only vanilla, green tea, and strawberry ice cream. My only complaint is that the green tea was a bit bitter for my taste and had frost on it like it's been in the freezer too long. I thought the strawberry was wayyy better. Sake was only $3 a piece so it is perfect for sake bombs if that is your pleasure. The service wasn't rude or anything nor was it above and beyond but I expect that from ayce. Tip is already included!!!
Food is always good. Can't beat the deal you get. The rock shrimp appetizer is the bomb explosive. Highly recommend it. The service is usually great because all waitstaff work off a tip pool that's generated by an automatic 18% gratuity on all checks. We went in after the dinner rush and we were, pretty much neglected. They waitstaff would only come over after a while so we couldn't keep ordering. I'll chalk up the bad service to the time of night we went in, lets hope it doesn't happen again.
I love this place, my boyfriend and I come here about once a month and we've never had any problems. We usually come for lunch on the weekdays to save money, but my boyfriend enjoys sashimi which they only serve at dinner, so once in a while we go for dinner. Just remember to come hungry so you get your money's worth.
Sushi X is a pretty decent place to grab sushi if you aren't too picky about it. The restaurant has some pretty interesting decor in bright colors which you may either find cute or tacky. They offer all-you-can eat sushi for a pretty good deal. It 's true that they do use crunchies and other fillers so if you don't mind that you will be pleased. To order you check off the amount you desire on little paper checklists. You can keep submitting orders as long as you are eating it. Decided what to order with your friends is part of the fun. They offer the typical green and seaweed salad and miso soup, and fried appetizors like dumplings and such. They also have a good variety of specialty rolls. Eating at Sushi is a fun and enjoyable experience to taste a variety of decent sushi.
Service was slow. Food was good. The sushi is best in capitol region. Eat everything on plate or they charge for waste. They do add gratuity to all checks.
I've been here a few times. I was with groups of friends or co-workers and they opted to go here. The ambiance is weird. Disco-like. The sushi is a little short of average. In my opinion I've had better sushi from the grocery store (try not to judge...I was working and poorly planned my lunch). It's likely the most expensive rice I've ever bought. I say that because you an abundant amount of rice in each piece of sushi. In short: it's the Golden Corral of sushi. Standard set price per person. 18% Tip included with check. Now heaven forbid you leave anything on your plate. You will be charged a surcharge. Each time I leave there with the same feeling...disappointment. The little place up the street Yoshi is amazing and you watch them make your sushi. It's BYOB too. Lastly: I heard a rumor that sushi x was fined like $60,000 by the health dept...yuck! That means they are not up to code (I.e. dirty). No I won't be back.
We had a party of 4 and went around 5pm on Saturday. Service - good until it got busy. Our server was nowhere to be found. You order, wait, eat, order, wait, wait, wait, eat and so on. Food - ehhhh. Since it's all you can eat, I feel like they put more rice and veggies and less "meat" in the rolls. My usual spider roll, i had to search for the soft shelled crab. The appetizers were good though. Tip: DON'T order the "tuna tartare" it's basically canned tuna on some crunchy substance. I did recently just found out that tuna from sushi restaurants comes from a can unless you order the sashimi (whole piece). No more spicy tuna rolls for me. Price - they add a mandatory 18% gratuity!! Probably because they know the customer service is not that great. I didn't leave any additional tips. I always tip but hate when restaurants make it mandatory. So that plus a beverage comes to ~$33 pp for dinner. Not that great of a deal unless you CAN REALLY eat. I'm not a sushi snob but anyone that have had real sushi should not eat here. We won't be going back.
I didn't quite understand the lure of this place. Now I realize that Sushi X is THE place to fill up on tons and tons of rice. For like. 30 bucks. All you can eat sushi in a dimly/barely lit restaurant with blue lights and hints of neon here and there is quite the hit. Fun atmosphere perhaps, but that aside, you're eating plates and plates of sushi in a dark dark place where your california rolls, spicy tuna rolls, salmon rolls, tuna avocado rolls are one in the same. You don't know what you're eating anymore. It's just rice and avocado and fish. And maybe cream cheese. Maybe cucumber. Was that a piece of tempura? I ended up sticking to a teriyaki dish (entree choices are teriyaki or katsu. A more interesting menu would be appreciated.). I will say that the seaweed salad was yummy, but then again that might've just been my strong affinity for seaweed.
I've been coming back here somewhat frequently for the past year. Overall quality has stayed about the same but I only have two additional comments. 1. The miso soup always tastes a bit off. I can't quite put my finger on it but the flavor is definitely weird. Maybe even soapy(???) 2. The green tea ice cream has a VERY intense green tea flavor that my friends and I absolutely love. For many people I know, the green tea ice cream is the sole reason for dining here. My friend claims that they use Mr. Green Tea brand ice cream, but that has yet to be confirmed. The point is that the green tea ice cream rocks but might not be what you're used to.
Brief and in a nutshell, Horrendously Terrible Service, Dark Atmosphere, 80's Dance Music, Sushi overstuffed with cold rice, Automatic 18% Gratuity Added, Serving Talapia as Snapper.......I gave them a second chance and they still disappointed me.    Will never go back.
The sushi quality is pretty low. I do believe that they use MSG in their product;however, the owner rejected the use of MSG.
I'm really just going to focus on the service/experience here, because I don't think I had enough of the food to comment. What I ate was fine, though. The server wasn't around enough. The food came out at odd times. And they added their own gratuity, which I thought was weird. I guess it said it somewhere, and I would have tipped 20% as opposed to their 18%. Overall, I just wasn't impressed. I guess the bathroom has heated soap, though, so that's kinda cool.
It's huge amounts of cheap sushi for not-so-cheap prices. Possible botulism and taste aside, it's a fantastic deal, but I'd rather eat less sushi that isn't shit. Also, if you're bored, and aren't squeamish, check out a report of Sushi X from the county health department.
I absolutely love there unique awesome all-you-can-eat sushi buffet. It's a reasonable price for sushi, for lunch it comes to exactly $35.15 for two people (including mandatory 18% gratuity and tax). The sushi is fresh and good quality. All of the kitchen items are delicious. My only complaint is the service is absolutely terrible. We waited five minutes to be seated when we got there, not because they were full or even busy, but because they didn't notice us. That should have been a warning sign. After that point getting service was next to impossible. It even took half an hour to get the check once we were done. A trip that should have taken 45 minutes to an hour, took a fully two hours, mostly just waiting.
$22.95 for all-you-can-eat-sushi isn't bad at all!  The decor was a bit much, though, and was starting to give me a headache after a while. Food-wise, I was satisfied. The salmon that I got that day was some of the best that I've ever had in Albany.  The servers were attentive enough, and they made it a point to drop off the sheets they took our orders or took some plates away to make sure that we were taken care of.  The drinks were half off, and stronger than I expected them to be - in a very, very good way :)   It was pretty much the same deal as Hibachi X down on Central Ave, just in a different location. This is definitely somewhere I would go again.
Mediocre food and abysmal service.  Waited 20+ minutes between orders as tables around us got multiple courses.  Automatic 18% gratuity?  Year right, earn it.
I think Sushi X does a decent enough job on sushi. We ordered some apps - one disappointing one was a chicken tempura I had ordered. It was a lot more batter and a lot less meat - not really worth it. We ordered a few different rolls - one was the winter roll that has mango in it....that was ok. We also ordered a tuna roll....I can't quite remember if it was the regular tuna roll or a special one, but it was very good. There were some others we ordered but they were just alright, nothing that was very memorable. We ordered ice creams as well, my sister got ginger and I got green tea. I much preferred hers over mine, though the taste on both were spot on. But the ginger just was so good. The drinks though....stay away, they were not mixed well at all...thank goodness it was only $2 that night. Service was barely present - not super helpful.
For sushi lovers its a great deal for the price. The sushi isn't top quality but the service and unlimited buffet make up for it. Since the menu is so expansive they include a sort of checklist; Patrons mark off the dish and quantity desired and then waitstaff deliver the  meals.  The food is all you can eat, but this system and decent attention from the staff elevates the experience beyond that of a standard buffet. As a downside, I didn't really get the decor.  They seemed to be going for some sort of sleek modernistic atmosphere, but it just didn't work.  Leave the club look to the clubs.  I would have enjoyed the food more had the room been better lit
We loved Sushi X. We'd been regulars there since they opened this summer. We used to go just about every other week. We would rave about Sushi X to everyone. We celebrated three birthdays there and Christmas. We know our sushi. This place was the best. We eat sushi about once every other week. I have said on more than one occasion that we are "sushioholics" When we walked in to the restaurant on Thursday night, January 12, 2012, and were seated we noticed a fishy smell coming from the sushi bar. We should have recognized that red flag. Nonetheless, we went ahead and ordered. We love eel, it's our favorite sushi ingredient. Now, the last time we were there the eel was rubbery.  However, we didn't complain. We figured it was a bad night. Well, the yummy roll was almost unrecognizable. The other rolls weren't nearly as good. As it was the sushi was falling apart. Not just the seaweed was unattached, the contents were falling out. We couldn't tell the difference between the mango/avocado roll and the avocado/cucumber roll. We love eel and the eel was once again rubbery. When I went to eat my eel/avocado hand roll I could smell the eel and it didn't smell good. My husband took all of the eel out of his sushi. The sushi rice was warm on the second plate. I talked to the manager and he said "I'll tell the chef". I left it at that, but when the bill came it was full price. Granted they didn't charge us for what we left behind, we never leave anything behind on our plates. I talked to the manager once again with the bill in my hand and money in pocket. I wanted to see what he might do to compensate us for our horrible experience.As it is, they have a mandatory 18% tip in the bill. He spoke to the waitress who had waited on us many times in whatever language they speak. Her head was downcast and her eyes were looking up at him as though she was afraid of him. He turned to me and said angrily "one minute please". He came back from the table pretty ticked off and yelled at us because of the food we left behind. I told him it was horrible and we couldn't finish it. There was a confrontation between us and the manager. He never once apologized or said that he appreciates us as customers. He did say "You come here many times and leave happy and now just because of this one time?" I was not expecting a free meal. I was just looking for a acknowledgment more than "I'll tell the chef" and maybe a "I'm sorry" or "We know you come here all of the time and appreciate you as customers" or at least a manager that was more even tempered and empathetic. We might have been able to forgive our horrible experience if the manager had handled our concerns better. I've read some reviews online and it seems like  a least one person had a run in with him, for no reason at all, and one was even denied access when they wanted to complain. We paid that night and it wasn't worth it. We will never go back.
I was pretty disappointed given how most of the other reviews considered this a good sushi place. I think that anyone that has had real sushi will find this to be quite a disappointment. It wasn't so much that anything was bad as much as it was that not much was good and nothing was worth the price. First off, the sushi pieces are quite small, with a very high rice to fish ratio. Not good. You might look at the pictures and think "oh wow, they completely cover the rice with sushi". Well, people completely cover boxes with wrapping paper too and like wrapping paper, the fish is very thin. The rice isn't properly prepared with vinegar for sushi either (or at least not well prepared), it's just regular rice taken out of a rice pot and served warm. Because the fish is so thin, it gets warmed very quickly by the rice and has a lot of its flavor washed out. The sashimi was a little bit better, but again the pieces are quite small, about the size of a bottle cap. If you can find what you like as sashimi (not all of the nigiri is offered this way), you might as well order them five at a time (someone noted they could only order one piece per person at a time, we didn't have such a limitation). We also tried some of the non sushi items. The gyoza was actually pretty good but the rest of it was rather uninspiring. We ordered some teriyaki, udon, tempura, and two soups, and all of it pretty much tasted the same. The all you can eat includes ice cream which was definitely old or not properly sealed as mine was mostly ice. While crunchy ice cream is certainly a novelty, it's not a novelty worth having twice, especially since On The Farm is only a couple minutes away. The only good things were the service and the ambience. As others mentioned, it's overstaffed so there's always someone to fill your glass or take an order. The club is set up almost like a nigh club, dark with lots of flashing/changing colors. The bar is set up with a laser system that displays patterns across the floor and the dining room itself is very large, it can easily seat large groups. Even so, this is a restaurant and the quality of the food should be the deciding factor in its rating. While the small sizes could be justified by the fact that it's all you can eat, do keep in mind that you're still paying almost $30 a person  to eat mostly rice (they include 18% gratuity automatically). I wouldn't really call this a sushi place, so much as a place that serves raw fish. Normally I'd say spend another $10 and go to a real sushi place but this is the first sushi place I've tried since moving to the capital region. If the locals think that this is "good" then I'm afraid that there's not much hope for the other sushi places in the area.
Thursday nite is ladies nite $2 drink menu, not to watered down. All you can eat sushi, freshly made as you order. We went straight after work around 6pm and found good quick service. Everything we ordered was prepared very nicely. Adding 18% gratuity is a litter rude but still a very reasonable cost for dinner. We left full ready go back.
2.5 Stars. Went here tonight to check it out. We parked and walked through the overgrown bushes on the side of the restaurant to the front double doors that had a taped piece of paper with an arrow suggesting to use the other door. Upon walking through the door I tripped on the rolled up door mat. Once inside we were greeted by the hostess and sat in the corner right behind the waiter station. This was a horrible seat being bumped by carts of dirty dishes and banging of stuff constantly behind us. The decor was that of a bad acid trip. It felt like something from a bad sci fi 80's movie. I was waiting to be called up to sing karaoke at any moment. We ordered seaweed salad and edamame, tiger roll (salmon, tuna, and yellowtail wrapped in soybean paper), spider roll, spicy tuna hand roll, salmon skin hand roll, and nigiri pieces: tuna, salmon, yellowtail, eel, tamago, red clam. The seaweed salad had a unappealing spice to it which I did not care for. The tiger roll was not that bad pretty mediocre. The spicy hand roll was just a food processed glob of tuna that did not taste good. Salmon skin was pretty slimy they did not crisp the skin enough. Nigiri was just ok as well some of the fish was edible others we choked down to not pay extra $$ for wasting food (all you can eat policy). The quality of the fish and price is nothing that puts the idea in my head for me to return.
It's not really very good, but it's the only sushi I'll buy in land locked Upstate New York. If you want to buy me sushi that's only a little bit better and a lot more expensive, I'll gladly come along. But when it's my money on the line, I'm going to save it for something more worthwhile. In the case of Sushi X, $25 will get you a bacchanal of crispy fried treats, green healthful things like seaweed salad, raw fish with or without rice, tea and dessert. And even though nothing is all that great, if you arrive hungry and are adventurous, it's a solid value for the price. Perhaps that's why even late on a recent Thursday night, the parking lot was filled and the place was hopping. The spicy fried rock shrimp are pretty darn tasty, but I love mayonnaise. Actually all the fried things were well done, including the deep fried banana that I miraculously managed to squeeze into my dessert stomach after a mind bending number of earlier dishes from the kitchen. The banana mind you, could have done without the chocolate syrup and sprinkles. As other reviewers noted, the green tea ice cream did have a lot of bitterness to it. One small nibble was interesting, but I wouldn't want more than that. The staff was reasonably friendly and efficient. I had a lot of fun with the paper slips. And it was a great place to go with a group. The only thing I had that was truly awful was the tamago, and the one thing I regret not trying was the shrimp and veggie tempura. But in another few years, when the memory of this escapade fades, I'll be able to get back and try those too.
My dreams of neverending sushi have finally been realized. I'm not apt to give out five stars to a sushi joint too often, but this place just rocked. I'll admit...the decor is pretty corny. I don't usually want to feel like I'm in an undergrad-esque night club when I eat my seafood, but somehow the corniness works (e.g., the cheap crystal chandeliers, the lights, the slippery floors, etc.). I came with a group of people, and the service was actually really prompt for such a large order. Essentially, since it's all-you-can-eat (which also normally turns me off), you can sample just about anything for the very reasonable price of $25. We were able to try miso soup, seaweed salad, calamari, oyster shooters, rock shrimp, ribs, crab rangoon, egg rolls, and potstickers, IN ADDITION to enormous plates of rolls and sashimi. We were all stuffed by the time we were done. Also, since it was all-you-can-eat, I got to try sushi that I wouldn't normally order. Everything I tried was tasty, even if I had no idea which roll was which. The only thing that's a bit wonky is that they charge you a la carte prices for food that you do not finish. I don't think we had any problems with that, but it definitely made me mindful of how many rolls we ordered. I will definitely be coming back. I've been to several other sushi restaurants in the Captial Region, and spent far more for far less. This is definitely the best bang for your buck, in my opinion.
Its hard for me not to like a place I go to.  Especially if its sushi. I hear a lot of complaints about the amount of rice but I'm not sure what those people expect.  If you don't like getting so much rice, then don't order fish with rice.  I myself have been there a handful of times.  Each time we go, we make sure we start with some hot food from the kitchen, sashimi, and some rolls.  After that, we stop ordering rolls because they become filling and just order sashimi.  The sashimi is adequate and worth the money if you eat enough of it.   I can say that the service there has gone slightly down every time I go there.  The food will sometimes take a little longer and sometimes we will miss some stuff from the order.  Because of this, I give it 3 stars.  As long as they stay in existence, I'll keep coming.  Don't forget to eat the candies at the front when you leave.  Those are great.
Read any recent review of Sushi X and you know the deal. Unlimited sushi and other soups and hibachi-esque items, tons of rice, small amounts of fish, rushing waitresses, etc. etc. The fish that we did have was very good, thus the extra star, but it comes in limited amounts. Their "fancy" rolls are packed with rice and crispies, filling you up faster than you might think. The service style is more bothersome to me than anything else. I hate feeling like I'm on an assembly line. The waiters and waitresses seemed irked by any sort of questions as though we were interrupting their flow. But hey, $19.99, unlimited mediocre sushi. It's an ok spot depending on what your priorities are.
I went here for the all you can eat sushi option because (I'll be honest) I can eat a literal boat load of sushi if I'm hungry (my record is 7.5 rolls). The price is appropriate for the quality and quantity (if you're able to eat a lot of sushi that is). Today : Round 1 Pink Lady--good Yummy Roll--the eel was sparse but the roll was otherwise a nice balance of flavors Avocado peanut--meh, nothing special and I almost choked on a peanut Sweet Potato--its kinda hard to screw up a sweet potato (unless you're Bomber's Burritos) so it was good Round2 Tuna avocado --good Mango avocado --sounded better then the combination actually tasted I'm not sure what the folks on Table Hopping were saying about the rolls being really big; they are average sized rolls. The presentation of the food is fine, but the assemble of some of the rolls was a little sloppy. The dinner price is $21 for all you can eat BUT they add 18% gratuity (I don't mind this if its for large parties, but I think its bad form for solo or two-tops. I do routinely tip at least 20% (usually more like 25-30%) I just don't like being forced to "tip" as it takes the entire "to insure promptitude" out of play). The freshness is consistent with places like Sake Cafe and Koto. I wish they had a brown rice option for the sushi. If you don't eat all that your order you will be charged the a la carte price (I think you can leave a piece or 2 but its in their discretion as to whether you're being wasteful). I dislike the location next to that seedy motel...strange I don't notice the seedy motel when I'm one door over at the diner, but here, I "noticed" it. There is a bar in the front part of the space. The drink menu gives away that this a chain (they have scorpion bowls for $15 and there aren't any unique or seasonal drinks offered). Service was fine. Nothing remarkable. The interior is something else. I want to say ridiculous, but its not. I'm not sure what the word is. There are multicolored/changing color LED string curtains on one wall. The center of the dining room is "illuminated" by cut glass fixtures with multicolored LED lights, one side has rows of frosted orange, yellow, or white ceiling lamps, and the other side has canvas shade hanging over the booths. There was piped-in acoustic guitar music and I even heard a rendition of Ava Maria. Interesting? Conclusion: it is not the best sushi in the area, but it is good and the fact that i got $35 worth of sushi based on the a la carte prices for $27 is good. If you're hungry and want sushi go here. If you just want sushi....take your pick. ___________
Sushi X can be a lot of fun if you go with the right crowd and the right attitude. The atmosphere varies depending on what time you're there. I've only ever been there for dinner. If you go early, it's very quiet and relaxing, typically with lounge-style piano music you can actually hear in the background, and service is fast.  As it gets closer to happy our or dinner hour, it fills up fast, and it get a bit crazy and very loud. I like the fact that everything on the menu is all-you-can-eat, because I usually want more than just sushi. The Asian salad is typical. Other appetizers such as tempura vegetables, rolls, and edamame, are quite good. I also like the nightly specials, in particular the current deal on sake on weekends - $3 for a generous amount of hot or cold sake. I thought that many of my sushivore friends would pooh-pooh this place, but a good number of them like it. What they typically say is you won't necessarily get some of the fancier stuff here, but what you can order is good quality. The thing I like best is if someone accidentally eats your pieces of sushi, or if they screw up your order, IT DOESN'T MATTER - you can always order it again. That's the beauty of all-you-can-eat. Dessert, typically ice cream, is ho-hum. Then again, I'm not here for dessert. I consider this place very good for groups.
Not a fan. I fully admit I'm spoiled in terms of sushi.  But... tasteless, poorly cut fish, and rice that varied from over-vinegared to bland and was sometimes warm... this is simply not good. I ordered from the kitchen menu as well and was similarly less than impressed. Also not thrilled with the way everyone at the table's orders were merged together.  I understand why they do it, but if you have a crowd, you may not want your specific order being dropped off at the other end of the table, where you may not ever see it. The decor reminded me of Vegas, and that's not a good thing. Value for the money isn't terrible, but isn't great either.  At $25 a head after included gratuity and tax you might be getting a deal depending on how much you eat, but you can get much better sushi elsewhere in town.
it is just an ok restaurant.  In their webpage there are a menu you can order but when i sit there we were told we can only pick all-you-can-eat menu. we went there at lunch time but they said they only provide dinner. there is not any notification in their website or on the door. and the food is just soso. for all you van eat menu, there are not too much choices. and they even sent us something we did not order to forget to send the food we ordered. service is just soso
Excellent service, excellent sushi.  We did the "all you can eat" and was very satisfied with everything we ordered.  Will definitely be revisiting when back in the area.
All-you-can-eat sushi sounds pretty strange.  On one hand, I love eating sushi, and I love eating a lot of sushi at one time.  It gets pretty expensive quickly.  On the other hand, I hate low-quality sushi, and an all-you-can-eat place must be pretty crappy.  Right?   Well, I was surprised both times I visited Sushi X by how good it was. My second visit came a few months after the first, and I almost didn't go, thinking I had exaggerated my thoughts on Sushi X the first time.  I'd definitely hit this place up again next time I'm in the area. [+] Nigiri and rolls both exceeded my expectations. [+] It's an expensive meal, yes, but both times I wound up throwing down sushi that would have cost 50-60 bucks somewhere else for half the price. [+] The interior lights, decor, etc, are a little bit bizarre but fairly comical considering the location and outside appearance. [meh] Sashimi wasn't terrible, but I'd probably pass on it next time. [meh] Service was a bit odd both times.  First visit: server was really trying hard to push items that weren't interesting to me at all.  Second visit: server barely looked in my direction [-] Sitting at the bar (I ate there both times) and, on both visits, watching (white) Capital Region jackasses interact with the Asian servers in ways that were, I'll be diplomatic here, less-than-enlightened. [-] As mentioned by others, the 'built-in' gratuity is unclear.  I didn't notice it at all the first visit and on the second visit was told it didn't apply to the bar area.  ehhhh. . . Bottom line:  Come hungry, load up on rolls and nigiri, the quality is surprisingly solid, and you'll feel like you got a bargain.
As a buffet the price is okay, but the quantity of sushi is less than it should be when you do buffet.
We visit Albany several times a year and have made this a regular stop.  I love sashimi and while the house requires ordering only one piece at a time of each selection with a party of two you can order two at a time and mix it with some rolls and keep the sashimi coming.  We made the trip twice this time once a part of two and then a party of three. Excellent stop.  We just think that the lighting is a bit screwy in that it is so dark in parts of the place and then they turn them down even more as the evening gets older.  On our second trip we spent it in an area that does not get darkened quite as much. We are always impressed with how quickly they attending to taking orders and filling them is handled.  It is odd that you do not seem to have a designated wait staff person so you have to tell them where you are as it relates to your order.  We noticed that this past Friday night the staff burned out a bit early and forgot to wait on us with the same attention as usual.  The food more than made up for it but that is the start of contempt for the customer.  I know staff can become tired but the 18% that is automatically added makes it a nice tipping situation for them.  Interesting that 18% is less than many actually tip but you can always add more. I enjoy the place and will try their sister facility Hibachi X which I understand does not have the all you can eat sushi, which frankly is the attraction.
We tried Sushi X on the advice of a coworker and brought family with us. Our experience was mixed... on the one hand, yay! All you can eat sushi! On the other, our bill came out to MUCH more than we expected, and while I didn't get to review it personally (my brother in law paid), I'm curious how much they were charging for our soda and iced teas. As to the food, for the most part we enjoyed what we ordered. Our rolls and sashimi were good, though some of the meat we ordered looked sad on the plate, one tiny little piece (to reduce waste). The decor was a little off-putting. It seemed like they were going for a club atmosphere? All told, I'd eat there again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Probably this is more like a 2 1/2 stars.  I certainly could say I've had better, but the variety of soups, salads, appetizers, sushi/sashimi, entrees, and deserts that are offered AND prepared to order, compared to the first all-you-can-eat sushi place I went to 20 years ago in Long Island, the value here is far superior. ($19.99/person, Mon-Thu; $21.99/person, Fri-Sun) I like the atmosphere, it's a fun and bold environment. My Mom and Dad would never have recognized their old favorite Ponderosa Steakhouse. Our piped-in music for a Monday night was piano.  I felt like it was calling out to me to sit in the bar/lounge area. This being our first venture here the hostess explained how the ordering process worked.  Write down how many of each item you would like on the separate Kitchen and Sushi Bar menus.  Give the completed menus to any staff member and they will provide you with more blank menus whenever you ask.  A large colorful drink menu describes the wines and cocktails available, but nowhere is there a list of the bottled beers that are available. We started with a Lychee Martini ($10) and a 22 oz. Asahi ($8).  My wife declared the martini was better than she expected; I declared it not potent. The condensation on the filled-to-the-brim glass caused it to stick to the table top each time it was picked up resulting in a spill before that first sip.  The napkins provided are not very absorbent and tend to spread the spill leaving you with a sticky table. There was no problem getting another napkin from a server. Our first order of food was for: From the Kitchen menu - Red Snapper Jalapeno, Pepper Tuna, and Miso Soup. From the Sushi Bar menu - White Tuna sashimi, Pepper Salmon sashimi,  Spicy Crab sushi, Yellowtail sushi, Seaweed sushi, Spider roll, Crazy Girl roll (crunchy spicy salmon & avocado inside topped w/ pepper tuna & honey wasabi sauce), and Butterfly roll (lobster, mango, crunchy and avocado w/ mango sauce wrapped in soybean paper). The Kitchen menu items never arrived. The sashimi items came first, each sashimi order was 4 very thinly sliced pieces of fish in a soy-based sauce with a small mayo-like dollop on top. The fish was nice and fresh. After we finished our sashimi, a large plate was brought with the rest of the Sushi menu items.  Let me first point out that the Spider roll does not have a whole soft-shell crab in it and the menu doesn't tell you what is in it.  It had a stronger fish flavor and was the least favorite of our choices. The crunchy in the Crazy Girl and Butterfly rolls seemed to have lost a bit of their crunch as if they had sat for too long before they were served. We didn't notice any lobster flavor in the Butterfly roll but the mango flavor helped to make this one of our favorites.  All of the fish tasted fresh. We decided to resubmit our Kitchen menu order that never arrived and add an order of Edamame to it.  We also submitted an additional Sushi Bar menu for Alba Core (sic.) sashimi, and a Salmon Skin roll. The red snapper jalapeno, was 4 very thinly sliced pieces of fish with a thin slice of jalapeno on each. The miso was the stronger flavored variety, neither creamy nor sweet, it might have had more dashi than I typically prefer.  The edamame was not the freshest but it was not overly salted.  The albacore sashimi was two small, thick chunks of fish.  The salmon skin roll lacked the crunch of the skin. A server recited the desert list for us and we ordered green tea ice cream and red bean ice cream.  The server promptly returned to say they didn't have any green tea so that choice was switched to ginger.  The ice creams were not very creamy and contained ice crystals. As I said at the beginning, you can go here for value considering quality and quantity.  We had what would have been at least $80 of food off their a la carte menu for less than $40 and all the fish was fresh. While I would normally tip a minimum of 20%, I didn't feel obligated or the desire to tip beyond the 18% that was added to the bill even though I had no complaint with the service.  I think it would have almost felt awkward adding a buck and a quarter or two bucks to the credit card slip.
While our recent visit was very good, overall, I just can't quite give them a full 4 stars (If 3.5 were possible they would be there). We went early on Saturday evening and it was empty upon our arrival but filled in quickly. Service was very good and attentive. The usual issues with having 'floating' waitstaff occurred - being asked about things after giving the info to another person, etc. There was only one instance of an ordered item not appearing or changed so I'd say that was an improvement. Sashimi portions are very small. Quality of the food was good - we did not get any items that might stretch this  such as eel or clam or uni. One of biggest issues was that the order sheet is in very small font and there is almost no light to read it. We resorted to the light from our cell phones. overall not a bad visit.
Not overly impressed. Rolls were mostly rice, the fish was cut way too thin and nothing screamed with flavor. The price reflects the quality. Service, on the other hand, was excellent. I was very pleased with the friendly staff and the rolls came out quickly. Overall, if you're after a quick and cheap sushi fix, this place will do it for you.
This is a place that depends on the mood and your expectations.  I ate lunch here today to find out what it is and what to expect from it.  My reference is Yuka, on the southwest corner of 81st St.  I sat at a table and had a go around with the waitress to learn from the second waitress that there is all you can eat sushi for lunch at $13, but no sashimi all you can eat for lunch.  I could, however, order whatever I'd like for the dinner menu price of $21 for all you can eat including sashimi.  I did.  The sashimi was a mix of very good white tuna, flying fish roe, squid and yellowtail, good tuna, red snapper, Spanish mackerel, and poor red clam, and sea bass.  The ginger was terrible with a metallic aftertaste. The seaweed salad was the usual suspect and the sushi was 1 1/2" long and the tuna, kinda flat. I will return to see what a not-all you can eat lunch is like.  At Yuka it's a killer good deal and different from the all you can eat fish. I believe that sitting at the sushi bar will make a difference. I hope it does. And the place is nice to look at.
So maybe it's not the best idea for me to be writing this review considering the state of mind I was in. My mother and I had just been out attacking the annual kid's clothes consignment sale from hell that we always do. We were both exhausted, sore, and taciturn. We showed up for the lunch service, and were dead seriously the only people in there. The decor, as many have said, is a peculiar mix of Asian bordello and glittery Las Vegas, but the staff was plenty friendly enough. We were at the tail end of the lunch service and got to see the dinner staff coming in to have their pre-shift meals. One young man was toting a massive plush crocodile with him, which had me laughing pretty hard. Hilarious, slung over his shoulder by the tail. They should always have that guy around. Lunch is still All-You-Can-Eat, but with a smaller selection and, as such, a slightly cheaper price! ($14 instead of the $20.) We ordered six different "vanity" rolls, all of which seemed fresh, if not as flavorful as some other sushi I've had (see also Sushi House on New Scotland in Albany.) It wasn't perfect, but ~$75 worth of sushi for $35 after tip? You can NOT beat that with a stick. I've had better sushi, I'm not going to lie, but I'm certainly curious to try their dinner selection, as I hear it's much better. This review will be one to come back and update, for sure.
Great sushi, best I've had in the area, and I love the all you can eat pricing.  My husband and I usually get 3-4 special rolls and 1-2 regular rolls no matter where we go, so the price works out great, especially if we include a small appetizer or scoop of green tea ice cream!
Sushi X would be getting downgraded a star if it wasn't for their wonderful 20$ all you can eat special. The quality of the sushi was decent. A few of our rolls I wasn't crazy about, but not because of the quality, but personal preference. They have an amazing atmosphere if a Tokyo party is what you are looking for. Shining, sparkling lights, interesting sculptors, a bar area to drink while you wait... and so on. If you are looking for a classy, quiet, impress your snooty new girlfriend or mother in law type of place, this is NOT it. If you are with a group of friends, or want to take someone on a fun and energetic date- I would definitely suggest Sushi X. Their proportion size really doesn't matter considering it's all you can eat, so don't let any negative comment on that convince you not to give it a try. As for serve, 99% Asian ethnicity. Which also comes with the attitude that may come off as rude, it's most likely not. They do their job well, you might not get the most chatty waitress, who cares. I am picky about Sushi, this wasn't the very best but it was still really good, as I said earlier- their 20$ all you can eat deal makes up for the above average but not amazing quality.
Let me begin by saying that I can only speak to my take out order from today- 1 spicy tuna roll, 1 white tuna sashimi, and crab rangoons. I was on my way from job 1 to job 2... Considering the nice NYC like ambiance of this place, I was expecting to pay a lot more than an $11 total for my 3 items. Not bad at all.  And I'd give an extra 1/2 a star if I could, just for the ambiance, but my options were limited to 1 through 5. As for the food.... The spicy tuna roll was good. Prepared in six pieces, it tasted fresh and was nicely prepared, although I wondered if it was supposed to have crunch in it. I had a hint of crunch in my order, but not enough to know for sure whether it was supposed to be there or not. If so, it's a nice add in, but could be kicked up a notch. The crab rangoons, a little less great.  Served as an app with four pieces, the outer shell is rather thick. The inside consisted of large shreds of the imitation crab meat, which felt a little overwhelming as a whole.   Most disappointing about the order was my piece of white tuna sashimi.  Clearly, as it is a stand alone item, it needs to be in and of itself, without a doubt, a good piece of tuna. I prefer a nice thinly sliced piece of sashimi. The piece I was served was about a domino in length and about 3-4 dominoes thick.  I know, it's probably a weird measurement too, but that's the best I could think of.  I would have preferred that the one piece be prepared and served in two more slender pieces, or in all honesty, one more slender piece, as with that much of a mouthful it's just too difficult to capture the flavor and texture of the piece.  It could just be my preference, but when I think of good sashimi, I think of it melting in my mouth like butter, not a stack of dominoes... Overall, not bad sushi, not great sashimi, and an OK app. I could see myself giving it another try but will definitely continue to search for better.
This place rocks!  Great sushi, good non-fish dishes, good drinks, and a fresh atmosphere.  Group dining with the all-you-can-eat special is a fantastic way to experience the entire menu.  Only downfall is that it is easy to be spoiled.  :-)  Other places just seem blah after Sushi X. Only complaint is that I am not much of a fan for the dinner mints.  But the mango ice cream more than makes up for it.
I've been to this place like 3-4 times this summer take out and eat in. Take out is a better bang for the buck plus the service is terrible inside. One time eating inside they made one of the rolls wrong and then pretty much refused to remake it. They eventually did and tried blaming it on us. I never order anything different when it comes to sushi so i don't see how that could be. Last night however was the worst. i tried ordering what i usually order and i'm told that i must be calling the wrong place. i ask "why". He replies. "I'm the manager and i know what goes on here, you have never ordered this before."(lie) pretty much talking down to me. Tells me how he got his fancy system and can see everything and that's ever  been made(lie again). so then i said ok and found one of the pictures i took of that same exact kind of sushi from there and had the date. told him the date and he said that theres to many orders in 1 day to check. i ask about his fancy system and get no reply. i then say forget it and tell him to have a good night and that I'll go to Yoshi Sushi(wayy better btw) instead. and hung up.really annoyed that he called me a liar. He didn't like the way that ended i guess and starts calling my phone!! not cool at all. i wasn't too happy about that either. NEVER GOING BACK!
We bought a car at the audi dealer and decided to check this place out. You walk in and it is very 70s disco but fun. U sit down and they give u a menu and you pick what ever u want off the menu for $21. It is all u can eat! I ordered a cosmo and it came in this huge Margaretta glass. We ordered six different kinds of sushi.  All of them were very good. The service was good. The food was fresh and this is just a fun place to go to share a meal. We will go back.  My boyfriend loved it so much he ordered a 2nd plate. Try it out.
My fiance and I really enjoy this place.  Do not the outside fool you.  It's overgrown and kind of scary looking.  I was very reluctant to try it, as all you can eat sushi can be disastrous, but it really is great and fresh.  It's not a buffet, but rather table service where you can order as many times as you want.   The specialty rolls are where you are really getting a bang for you buck.  It ends up being about $55 for two people to eat (gratuity is included).  For sushi rolls that really is not bad, especially when a member of your party can easily eat 8 or 9.  Its a couple bucks cheaper during the week and on Wednesday nights it's all you can drink saki for $10, which we love. The inside is pretty hilarious and not what you would expect from the outside.  There are an enormous amount of LED lights, but otherwise it's nicely done for a lounge type atmosphere.
Service was horrible. Rude manager took it out on us when he made a mistake. Luckily we were hoping for a leisurely lunch. The manager's snarky attitude had us sitting at the table for over two hours. We'll never come back.
All you can eat fresh sushi!! This is a great place to come if you are a sushi fan just make sure you don't over order or they will charge you a la carte. The atmosphere is great for small lunches or big parties. I brought my parents here who are very picky    eaters and are not huge fans of sushi but now they want to come back. As good as the sushi is the beef strips aren't the best, choose something else.
Full disclosure. I don't get the popularity of sushi at all. Barring that, I go into every meal with an open mind, and judge it based on the merits. So.. Paying $20-ish dollars for an 'all you can eat' anything is an interesting idea, but as is the case with any 'buffet', the majority of patrons must pay more than they're getting, otherwise the restaurant would go out of business. I've been forced to go to sushi restaurants (very good restaurants for business meals) in the past, and while I'm not a huge fan - I appreciated the 'artistry' of the food. The taste was ok too. This place, however, is like an assembly line of cheaply made, low-quality sushi to be consumed in mass-quantities by people more interested in quantity over quality.  When it comes to eating anything raw, give me quality any day of the week. Like any hipster-ish place, the allure of this restaurant is the name (X = cool?), and the peer pressure to think it's a good place.
Sushi X is unlimited all you can eat sushi & you can't beat that but when you walk in the waitress doesn't tell you anything about how to order or the price of the all you can eat. I knew it was unlimited before going in but would have helped to know the price when you sit down. All in all, a good place to chill & eat healthy! Go for it!
I loved it here! My mom and I love getting sushi and this is the place to go from now on. Their food is great and their service is generally very fast. We only go during weekdays though because we hate waiting in lines for anything and it seems like this place would be crazy busy on a weekend. The inside is lit up with different color lights and it makes the atmosphere very fun. My one and only complaint is that their staff isn't sectioned into specific places so they roam around and ask if you need anything about a million times before you leave.
oh dears, all you can eat sushi. i love sushi - perhaps more than any other food - but all you can eat buffets usually mean the quality isn't the best. Sushi X was pretty decent, actually - good enough to get the job done, especially for middle of the nowhere upstate NY. drinks were half price and okay (i got a ridiculous fruity thing, so did my mom). the food is ordered on a little sheet with a pencil, which had me nostalgic for all the times i've had sushi in California - now all they need is a little moat with boats going around and the experience would be complete (for some reason, sushi boat has not yet made it to the east coast). food came out incredibly fast. i am writing this review a few weeks after the fact, and i can't honestly remember much about it. it didn't impress me as particularly bad OR good. so i guess it was passable. the interior of the place looks a bit like a mid-90s club - lasers everywhere. highly amusing. i imagine this place is hopping in a town like Latham.
All you can eat rice $19.95!!!! The fish isn't the problem, it's the lack of it per bite as the fish itself is (mostly) edible. If you want sashimi skip ordering their oddly shaped tiny sashimi pieces and limited sashimi menu then order sushi and throw away the rice. If you want sushi order sushi throw away 1/2 the rice. Some rolls we got were almost pure rice (see pics). After this second experience I think I'll spend the extra cash next time I want Sushi and get something I can identify. I am sure overall Albany will eat this concept up, but I won't be back anytime soon. I like my makimono to have fish in it. Food- 1.5 Stars First off the pure raw fish items (sashimi or sushi) are fine to good. You can see what you are getting which proves to be a big deal here. However as previously noted the pieces are tiny so order more than you normally would. I would say they are easily 1/2 sized from a quality Sushi place. This time I paid much closer attention and was borderline grossed out by my observations. At the minimum it certainly is sub par overall sushi experience. Fillers are used everywhere to keep costs down. Want a normal seaweed salad order three, take the the actual seaweed off the top of the filler they use to make it look like a decent salad, and combine. Boom! real sized seaweed salad. The main filler, as noted above, was rice. Basically any roll that wasn't spicy had no appreciable amount of seafood/fish in it. The worst were rolls in terms of nothing but rice/veggies were the Dragon, X Roll, and Yellowtail Jalapeno. The pieces of raw fish they put on the top of the rainbow roll are as thin as paper and tiny as could be. Notice the pictures look good. That's because it's hard to tell the even meticulous art of balance of ingredients and flavors that goes into quality maki from a picture. Sushi X didn't go to school where that art was taught. Where it went from ricetacular to gross was when I dissected one of the yellowtail jalapeño rolls because I couldn't really taste the fish at all. What fish there was looked like shredded nastyness and tasted almost liked raw canned tuna. I tried eating just the little bit of shredded nasty fish out of the center of the roll, it tasted pretty gross. I could not eat the rest of the rolls after that. I guess that's what you get when you go all you can eat Sushi. My guess is this is what is used in all the spicy tuna rolls too which allows them to slop it out and keep costs down. Once you add all that spicy mayo you could pretty much be using saw dust as a base. Drinks- 3 Stars At least you can get wasted before you try to climb rice mountain. Decent Sake's, drinks, and beers. Service- 1 Star We ordered a bunch and had 5 rolls left over. 4 were the previously mentioned rice with small bits of yellowtail and jalapeno. The waitress wanted to charge us extra for this, I refused saying it was all rice and they didn't do it. You would think they would know better to pick on a table that ordered a sake carafe, two cocktails, and a beer. Having to basically trip your waitress as she goes by does not equal 18%. Atmosphere- 1 Star The biggest limo you'll ever be in. Slopped together too. Again, I just looked a little closer this time. My favorite is the part of the ceiling that looks like haphazardly spray painted lucite with raw bulbs behind it. Classy. Turn down the goddamn repeating techno, it doesn't make the place cool.
You either love this place or are traumatized by it, seemingly. First, I should say that I didn't find any glass in my sushi and that I did look for it. That would have ticked me off. Second: I really want you to get just the fried rolls. The fish is really suspect in the nigiri and sashimi. I am almost 99% certain that their "Red Snapper" is anything but and their Yellowtail is not fresh, to put it kindly. The fried rolls, however, like the Crazy girl and Sakura are fine. The tempura is fine (skip the sauce, though). The Saba is from a tin. Everything comes from a tube, tin or bottle. The Miso is instant with a ton of MSG. If you have to drive 40 minutes to get there: STOP! DON'T! Do yourself a favor and go to Ala Shanghai for real Chinese in stead. Heck, the sushi from Hannaford is better quality, though more expensive... it's a little more classy too! Yeah, this is not a classy place. The vinyl booths and 1980s disco lounge aesthetic are bizarre... I have yet to figure out this association with asian food in Upstate NY. It's very weird. The clientele is mostly young guys filling up on a budget. I saw a lot of tempura chicken fingers going around. Also, the cocktails are between 10 and 20 bucks a piece and I'm pretty sure they are more sugar than alcohol... so have tea or beer in stead. This place is not Celiac friendly. Even if you have a handle on what you can and cannot eat, the way the food is prepared makes it impossible to have a safe meal here. I won't do it again, I can tell you for certain, and it's going to take a while to recover fromt his trip. Overall, I would say that this is the Golden Corral of Asian food. The quality is edible, but why would you do that to yourself?
I've been to Sushi X twice now. The first experience was exactly what the 2 star rating means, "Meh..".. The second, Terrible, hence the 1 star. Sushi X, I hope you take notice... Obviously, the draw to this place is the all you can eat sushi. Great, I can try new things I wouldn't normally want to pay for. That was my thought, however, if you don't like something, you have to eat it or pay for each piece. Come on.. offer half rolls or smaller rolls especially for people who are there to try new things. The first visit, my boyfriend and I stuffed ourselves so bad we vowed to never go back. But we did.. a few months ago. On a Friday night it was packed, which is to be expected. We waited a little bit but the big complaint was how utterly slow the service was. We barely saw our waitress and she brought us multiple things that we didn't order- and vice versa. I understand it's busy, but maybe put another waitress or few on during the busy nights. Also, this time, the sushi was not good whatsoever. We stuck to what we knew we liked so we would eat it and not be charged, but it was just NOT GOOD. For the rolls we got, I don't think it was even worth our money for the all you can eat. The reason this went from a 2 star to a 1 star is because the waitress, (the BAD waitress) added on a 18% tip to our check. Ok, I am a server, I understand with a big party, but for TWO PEOPLE!? I was honestly so done with this place and just wanted to leave that we didn't even argue it (we probably wouldn't have been able to find the waitress anyways). You should warn people before you do something like that. She knew she SUCKED and saw two young adults and didn't think we would tip her well. This is my BIGGEST pet peeve of restaurants, because it happens to us a lot. We are both in the service industry and we are very good tippers for good and even average service, so I hate when people discriminate just because of our age. We still would have tipped her at least 10% because it was an expensive meal, but I'm sorry, she was terrible. There is NO EXCUSE for adding on 18% for two people when the service was horrendous.  I am curious if this has happened to anyone else. Needless to say, we will definitely never go back, and we mean it this time...
the food is good, even if it's mostly "filler".  I found the staff to be dissinterested & unfriendly.  They are probably accustomed to being sneered at. It is the trickiness of the place that i object to.  they add a 18% gratuity right off the top.  Sushi X too stressful to bother with again.  It feels like a trap that you're navigating the whole time. The price for all-u-can-eat is about $25, which is more than typically paid per person for sushi experience at a regular pay-as-you-go place.  Sushi X does not advertise that $25 in any way.  (My bad for not asking.) There are rules associated with this all-u-can-eat practice: you are charged a la carte for that which you order & do not eat.  the portions are small, so you have to get a grip on how much you can eat, lest you be charged. Then you are ordering constantly, & waiting for wee saucers of tiny bits of food, which isn't the most enjoyable dining experience.  If you order something you didn't like, you either force it down or pay. Sushi X has what appear to be "sushi police" wandering about, making sure you eat every bite, or YOU PAY.  They also hope to intimidate you into GTFO. I went with my parents, & we made fun of the stringency of the place for the entirety.  Here come the cops, making sure chopsticks travel from plate to mouth only.  We did have a few yuks discussing the business model. I can only imagine a bit of alcohol would inhibit your ability to abide the rules, & leave you in desperate straits when the bill arrived.  We were sober & had trouble keeping it straight.  This was far from a relaxing dinner. The bill was a shock, even without extras.  Dad was confused by the unmentioned 18% gratuity AND the place on the bill to tip...in case you wanted to tip MORE for next to no service.  My brother later texted me "I heard you really hosed dad for some sushi."  This was not my intent. The joint is impressively tacky: what i imagine a kooky Tokyo nightclub is like inside, with neon rainbows & such.  It was Saturday evening, pretty packed & very noisy. Sushi X is not far from Yoshi, which is super fine.  Bonus, you're not being watched  like a criminal the whole time.
I love a good sushi place.  But an "all-you-can-eat" sushi place?  That sounds too good to be true.  My partner and I ventured out with another couple for dinner one Saturday evening in June just after it had opened.  From the outside it doesn't look all that fabulous; in fact we feared it would still have the same decor from the previous occupant, the Kobe Buffet.  We opened the doors, however, and felt like we were walking into another world entirely.   It truly felt like you were walking into a *lounge.*  And not only that, you felt like you were walking into a lounge in Tokyo - and that's a good thing.  We felt bad dressed in shorts, although there were patrons in all kinds of clothing.  The hostess and manager Mason were both very welcoming and accomodating, and sat us in a comfortable table with leather chairs near the sushi chefs.  The interior is gorgeous - fiber optic color-changing lights everywhere, mosiac tiles on the ceiling, tile floors, dim intimate lighting...  The transformation from the previous Kobe Buffet was incredible and delightful. Next our hostess explained just exactly how an all-you-can-eat-sushi works without the buffet.  We were actually worried it would be just rows of trays of sushi that's been sitting out that you get up and take, like any other buffet.  Not here - and that makes all the difference.  Here you order the sushi you want, including any appetizers like soups or noodles, which are included in the all-you-can-eat price, your server brings the order to the kitchen and they make your order fresh.  You can order as many times as you like but they do warn you not to order too much food, since they might charge you extra.  (Fortunately we did not run into this problem and I don't imagine many people would.) Before I get to the sushi details let me tell you about the drinks.  They were seriously generously portioned.  The gents shared two bottles of sake (served in a cute karafe with ice in the middle - almost wanted to take that bottle home with me), which was more than enough for the two of them.  My friend ordered an "X Baby" martini which came in an extra-large martini glass and was filled to the brim.  My glass of wine was at least as large as two glasses of wine in other establishments - seriously generous. That day there was a special that each all-you-can-eat order came with 5 fresh oysters.  Bonus! Two of us declined the offer (not a fan of the texture) but the two who ate them said they were impressively tasty and fresh.  But then it was on to the main event... We ordered conservatively the first time, picking a few maki rolls and traditional crowd-pleasers just to see what the quality would be like.  Everything was fresh, delicious, vibrant in color, and elegantly displayed on a large plate.  Our next round of orders - make that TWO rounds of orders - came almost exclusively from the "specials" section.  Tigers, dragons, rainbows, pink ladies, spicy... we had it all.  And I loved every bite of it.  The spicy rolls were not too spicy (you could always add more wasabi, if you're like me and love things hot).  The tempura/fried sushi was simply amazing in how delicate but flavorful it was.  Nothing was fishy.  Nothing was pre-made.  It was easily the best sushi I've ever had. I think there is another menu you can order from, but really, why would you?  I never thought I could ever get stuffed from sushi - Thanksgiving-style stuffed - but the Dragon roll really pushed me over the top.  On the way out I took a blank menu order form so that I would remember everything we tried that night - which was just about everything. To make the price of the all-you-can-eat worth it I would recommend going with a few adventurous eaters so that you can order special rolls and try them out to your heart's content.  And if you don't like it, then you're not stuck trying to finish it. The best place for sushi - replacing my local favorite Ichiban.  Comfortable atmosphere, staff with impecciable attention to detail, and very reasonable prices.  It was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had in the Capital Region.
Being that it's newly open, and the service and food were phenomenal I feel obligated to share my experience so that others may try for themselves. Sushi X & Lounge is a Japanese All You Can Eat Restaurant. What's special about this place is firstly the decor and secondly the ordering style. It is not a buffet (with old food laid out on steam tables all day) but rather a sit down restaurant that allows the customer to order as much food as he or she can handle. It was very interesting when I came here to eat, I had to be taught how to order. When you sit down for the All You Can Eat, the waitress gives you a piece of paper with a list of about more than fifty sushi items and kitchen items (like tempura, teriyaki, udon...etc.) With that paper, you write down how many of each item you want, then you give it to the waitress, and she brings you your food. If you are still hungry you can ask for another menu, and re-order, and you can do that as many times you want. We asked for the menu at least four other times, it was the most sushi I have ever eaten and at a good price. The restaurant inside looks amazing. I was surprised when I first walked in. The lights were just  a bit too dim, but I figure it was because the owners wanted to give the place that new york city nightclub feel, and it had exactly that. The best part was the bar. It was a different experience from any other Albany restaurants. The food was so good. Usually at buffets the sushi there is never any good, the chefs always put too much rice less fish, or the ingredients are not fresh, but here its fresh and they serve a good portion of food. Since they do a lot of sushi here, they have five or six chefs behind the sushi table all in a row making rolls all night. Even if you don't like sushi, they understand and have a regular menu that has other normal japanese restaurant foods. My favorite sushi is salmon, and so my favorite roll was definitely the Sunshine roll and of course the Dragon Roll. When it comes to the kitchen items, I would say the beef rib and kani salad (both served only in dinner) and the BBQ Squid is my fav. The people there were also memorable. The manager Mason made sure that everyone was having a good time. Our waitress, Tiffany helped us a lot when we didn't know what we were ordering, and she gave us some really good drink specials. I must have just sat in the restaurant for 2 hours eating and drinking cause when I left I was so full I could hardly move. I would definitely come back, maybe hold my birthday here. It's really a restaurant worth experiencing once, even if youre not a sushi lover. All You Can Eat Price: Lunch (Mon - Fri) 11:30-4: $13.95 Dinner (Mon - Thurs) 4-10: $19.99 Dinner (Fri - Sun) ??? : $21.99
When the restaurant first opened, the food and service was great. Now the food is hit or miss and the manager is a complete asshole. He would not honor a coupon and made me look like an ass. The couple stated 20% off the meal but he claims it is only good for party of 2 or less. Instead of just honoring the couple like any other competing restaurants, he does the complete opposite, and insults me.
Ok, here's the dillio.  The trick to getting your moneys worth when ordering the "all u can eat deal" is to forgo the hand rolls and the other 6 piece rolls.  They have tons of rice and very little real sushi.  Some of those rolls were a ground up a sushi/spice concoction.  If u order sushi by the piece, you tend to get a pretty good deal and some decent sushi.  The atmosphere is definitely  eclectic with pretty fast service and the wait staff was very busy but not too attentive to your needs.  The most interesting part of the evening is when my kids and wife told me that the waitress's breath could drop a soldier from ten feet away.  Of course I didn't believe them until I had to order another beer.   Well, holly crap Olly,   I've smelled better breath from a camel at the zoo.  I swear it was like she was a sniper at war, because she hit me and there was nothing I could do about it.  Beware of table B26 and bring one of those dust masks 4 protection.
I am not a sushi expert by any means, but I do like this restaurant very much.  We have been a few times now with a variety of different people, have been treated well and had excellent food each time.  The lobster roll with mango is exceptional, the mushroom miso soup is really good and my husband raved about the tempura everything.  Give this place a try - I have never been disappointed.
I have to disagree with everyone that gave Sushi X a less-than-fabulous write up.  I am a sushi expert - I am a Japanese American born in Japan and raised on sushi my whole life.  I make my own sushi rice, pick out the freshest fish etc.  In recent years, I have tried several places in the Capital District and only two have been great - and only because the sushi chefs are actually japanase.  Almost all the restaurants in the area are lacking something important and just because the chefs are asian doesn't mean they can make good sushi.  Some of the places I never went there again because it the sushi was just passable. I have paid a lot of money through the years and i can eat a lot of sushi.  I could not afford my sushi habit until now.  For kicks, hubby and I thought we would give all-you-can-eat Sushi X a try.  We have been 5 times in the last month and there is no end in site for us.   We have brought friends, our kids, their kids and no kids and every time, it is have been perfect.  So what if the staff rotates around and you get asked more than once if you need anything. And really, is it a big deal if the wait staff doesn't remember who gets what?  Because I like quick and attentive service.  There is someone for everyone even someone who doesn't do sushi (hard to believe).  My 8 year old twins love it and they have all you can eat kids prices too so its easy to get them to try new things.  MY hubby loves sashimi and this is the only place we dont spend a fortune trying to get him full. While I wouldnt consider them slices - more like chunks - its fresh and delicious and you can get as much as you can handle, Steve Y. And the way the bartender pours a glass of wine - I could kiss them on the lips. So generous I can only have one.  We all love the atmosphere- anytime its fun. Summing up, there are no issues with my new favorite place.  I love bringing fellow sushi eaters here.
I came here about two weeks ago, somewhat skeptical of how it would be since it is all you can eat.  I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. First, they completely re-did the interior of this place.  I can't say I had been inside of the old buffet that used to be here, but from driving by I could see that it was rundown and in need of some updates.  Sushi x did a wonderful job.  It is very trendy inside, seems like something you might find in Vegas.  Lots of crazy lights and such.  A little over the top perhaps, but a total change from what it was, which is great.  Lots of booths (which I love) and lots of other tables and a bar up front.  Very clean as well. For the all you can eat option they have two different menus--a sushi menu with sashimi, sushi, maki rolls and specialty rolls.  The other menu is a kitchen menu with lots of different options including salads, tempura, soups, gyoza, rock shrimp, edamame, etc.  Tons of different options.  Our first time around my dining partner and I went with an order of endamame, goyoza and the rock shrimp.  All were good.  When it came down to the sushi, we have 4 special rolls, one maki roll (which we ended up not liking but that's our fault) and some sushi.  It was all very fresh and came out quickly, even though it was fairly packed for 830 on a Thursday night.  We then ordered one more special roll each.  All the special rolls were very good and not downed with spicy mayo or other sauces that many places use to cover up their not so fresh fish.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  Perhaps a little light on the fish, but for all you can eat that's ok with me.   The service was very attentive.  There were many girls who constantly came around to refill drinks, take orders and see how everything was.  They were also very informative when we had any questions.  They do automatically put 18% gratuity onto the bill which I don't mind that much as I usually tip 20%, so that's their loss.   For the price I think this place is a win.  You can order as much as you want (as long as you don't waste things, because then you will be charged a la carte).  Yes, there are places that I think have better sushi in the area, but for the price I think it's great.  I can't find all you can eat sushi for $19.99 at any of those places.   Will definitely be returning.
We love sushi. My husband likes to eat a lot of sushi, so regular sushi joints can get pricey. This place has top quality, all you can eat sushi for a reasonable price. When we don't order cocktails, our bill is never over $60 for two people, and that includes gratuity. We're fans, and we will be back. Often.
Came here for Christmas dinner.  This place solves one of the problems inherent with Japanese (as opposed to Chinese) AYCE buffets, namely:  so much Japanese food is fried and does not keep well once out of the fryer.  Rather than leaving the tempura, katsu, gyoza, etc., to sit around in steamer pans, they make it fresh in the kitchen to order.     I'd say the sushi is good, if rather tame  In other words, don't expect uni...but they did a very nice shrimp tempura roll.
Sushi there is excellent! Especially like the beef ribs and BBQ squid, they are both delicious. There are always many people eating in store so if you wanna have a seat you'd better go earlier:)
I come here a few times a month to do the sushi buffet which I really like. Since I don't eat fish due to an allergy I get peanut-avocado, avocado, California, sweet potato, and avocado cucumber rolls. So with that being said I can't attest to the quality or freshness of the seafood that they use for their sushi. The teriyaki chicken, gyoza, vegetable tempura, and salads are all very tasty. Sometimes you may have a problem with not receiving some of the items that you ordered but since it's all-you-can-eat you can always mark them again on the card though they have gotten a lot better about that. If you eat 5 rolls of sushi you've already recovered the money that you'd spend on another place that isn't buffet since the price for lunch is normally around $20 with the gratuity already included. As for the sushi rolls, they are not top-notch, gourmet but they are pretty damn good. I keep coming back so that says something. As always the waitresses are very friendly. Give it a shot, you just might like it.
We had the dinner buffet last night for $21.95 and found it to be a good deal - with some excellent quality rolls. 'Husband likes Sushi, and I like cooked lobster and crab. We had 2 Butterfly rolls because they were so delicious...light and airy with rice paper wrap, lobster meat, avocado and mango...1st rate! There were about 8 pieces. We liked the Spider roll as well- with 4-5 pieces of soft shelled crab. I tasted his Crazy Girl roll - spicy salmon and tuna mix with avocado and topped with fresh pepper tuna- wonderful. The beef ribs cooked in a wok are not for everyone because you have to pick them up with you hands and eat around the bone and fat- I loved them. The meat had delicious flavor. Do skip the fried Calamari - it is greasy and filling and they look like onion rings- it is not the nice baby calamari you are accustomed to in better restaurants. The Gyoza are not as good as those of Okinawa, but the filling was tasty. The fried wrap was a little too tough and greasy. They had a half price special on all of their cocktails- which sound good and looked yummy - but I like my hot sake with Japanese food and my hub had delicious ice cold Kirin (kudos to them for the frosted mug). The mango roll made a nice little sweet to end the meal - however, included is ice cream or fried banana. I was disappointed that the ginger ice cream was all ice crystalline, and the green tea ice cream had a bitter flavor. Next time, we will try the fried banana dessert. I tell you Yelpy-folks, if you have a healthy appetite and are a fan of sushi, this is really a must-try. P.S. I just read some reviews about the rice. Yes, I suppose there is a lot of rice, but we have never been charged extra for my scraping out some of that rice! Also, we have never experienced bad service here...just slow service one time. Best dish is the Pepper Tuna because it is all tasty fish- no rice! Delicately seared on the outside with crushed pepper - it is delicious.
