Great beer selection, all perfectly maintained, and great food.  A bit more info:  I have had beers here before and I was impressed by the staff's knowledge, service and presentation of the beers.  There are cask conditioned beers in addtion to their seemingly ever-revolving choice of standard craft beers.  I have never tried (or even heard of) cask-conditioned Sierra Nevada Torpedo before entering the Old Toad.  in addition, I am vegetarian so finding quality food at a beer-centric business is usually not possible but the Old Toad has done it.  Their veggie offerings (I tried the bangers and veggie burger.) were fantastic!    Very nice!   The Old Toad is suitable for beers with the team after a game or date-night.   Great choice for either.
Old Toad is a great place to grab a pint and some fish and chips.  I've also been a few times for Monday night trivia and MAN, is it difficult.  But I always like a good challenge, so we keep coming back even though we never come close to winning. The food is always great here, if not a bit heavy.  The cheese plate we once got to share was a little disappointing, there wasn't much on it.  The few times we've had dessert, dessert was great too! Overall, Old Toad is a great place to have a beer and meet up with some friends!
The selection of beer was overwhelming, but the waiter was very knowledgable and helped us pick something good. I really did enjoy my drink. I didn't try the food but the chips (fries) my friend let me have a taste of were good. The only reason for the -1 star is the slightly slow service. We waited a long time for our order to be taken and we actually had to ask for the check after waiting for a pretty long time with empty drinks in front of us. There also weren't enough drink menus for all of us, and when we asked for more the waiter only brought us one or two. We had to share menus, which was kind of inconvenient. Parking in that area is a nightmare, which isn't the bar's fault, just something to keep in mind when planning your night out.
I love Old Toad in spite of Old Toad. BUT...has something changed recently? I used to love this place, definitely a 5 star (in spite of it's laughably bad food--like food so bad that they had to be TRYING to make it bad.  Like consistently, every time, bad.  Like how-can-you-ruin-french-fries BAD.)  Because it had the most incredible ambience.  You walked in and it was warm and bright like Christmas Eve.  You were greeted by this yeasty smell that while startling was authentic to English pubs.  It was open late, it had a room where you could sit that looked like your grandma's parlor.  All the staff were English business students on an exchange so they had charming accents-- it felt like being transported overseas.  PLUS a fantastic beer selection, lots of Hefeweizen to keep me happy. BUT when I was in there the other night, it was dark, no yeasty pub smell, no British accents on the staff, and they were playing rocking loud music--like a club (granted it was awesome 90's music but still, such a different feel) It just felt like another bar.  So so sad. I'm going to give it another try to see if things have really changed so much.
Though it's rich with history, there aren't a whole lot of reasons to visit Rochester, NY these days. I'm lucky enough to have family there because it allows me to stop by my favorite authentic British pub, The Old Toad. How authentic is it? All the bartenders are British university students looking for experience in the U.S. While the food is decidedly English with huge, beer battered fish and chips that can even be had with mushy peas, the beer list is above and beyond what you'd find at any English pub. It's bible sized (it even says so on the cover), covering every range of beer, including my favorite, aged bottles. It's almost impossible to find a place anywhere that serves bottle aged brew. And the prices aren't all that bad either. The same thing goes for Scotch, with great representation from every region. While it tends to attract college students and a younger crowd in general, any beer or scotch snob looking to try something new, or find an old favorite, will have a great time here.
I've never been a big beer drinker.  I prefer coffee and high octane vodka.  But when I came into the Old Toad and saw a coffee infused, dark stout...  guess who went home with a growler? I'm not exactly Irish, so I wasn't too sure what to think but my friends said that they love it here and so would we.  Once we found a table large enough to get us all together, ordering at the bar was pretty quick and painless.  The Old Toad is nothing like the other Alexander Street bar's where you damn near have to elbow people just to get close enough to the bar to catch the eye of the tender.  Here, the staff was looking out for you the second you started making your way up to them. It was later on a Saturday night so I'm not sure if that may have played into a slightly slower service, but when the food came out, it was definitely worth it!
This British pub is well known for its whiskey and draft beer selection, including cask ales. However, the food is also very good. The classic comfort food is excellent, but they also feature a Curried Chickpea Burger that is the perfect mix of sweet and spicy. I look forward to trying the Full English Breakfast which is a current seasonal offering. The only thing preventing me from rating this 5 stars is the odor. The Old Toad interior is dated and the upholstery and carpeting throughout are tired and well worn, giving this pub the smell of spilled beer and food drippings. It's time for a renovation.
I love this place! It's a fun place to spend a little time, pretending to be on vacation. They have a huge beer and whiskey menu, including a lot on tap and even a few cask ales. There are even a few old toad brews that rotate through, and all have been great.   The food is delicious. It is that warm, comfort food that is just perfect on a winter's day. They have a lot of rotating items, including various pies. I have tried the steak and mushroom pie, as well as their veggie cheese pie and have loved both. They also have classic dishes like bangers and mash (including a tasty vegetarian version) and Yorkshire Pudding. The boyfriend claims that it is the closest thing to his fresh-out-of-England grandmother's Yorkshire Pudding he has ever had. If you're looking for something lighter, they also have salads and sandwiches on their menu. If you're planning on going here, I would recommend setting aside a chunk of time to enjoy yourself. Having a meal here can take quite a while. I don't usually mind though, because it is a great place to hang out and enjoy a few drinks while you're waiting. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for something that is not your average restaurant experience. It is a fun and relaxing experience!
This place is a little treasure in Rochester. From the outside, it's not much to look at but once you walk in, you get that nice rustic British pub feel. Hardwood floors, bartenders with real British accents... The only thing it's missing is a big fireplace and a dog sleeping in the corner (that's my imagination creating an authentic British pub but you get the point). The beer list is great and for being a smaller bar, I was impressed by how.many beers they offered. Prices are entirely reasonable and the bartenders were super friendly. We also ordered a Shepards Pie to split and it was pretty good. In typical English-food fashion, it was a bit bland in flavor but that just adds to the authenticity. The fries were really good and in hindsight, I wish we had gone with the fish and chips. Next time! I went with 4 stars instead of 5 because of two reasons: 1. I was told all about playing jenga, but they lost their jenga game. 2. I appreciate free darts, but the darts were falling apart. Time to make some replacements. Minor things aside, I really liked this place and found the ambiance to be fantastic. Relaxed and fun!
I have not been to The Old Toad in years. My friends were up for a fish fry so we decided to go. The fish fry was delicious, the chips outstanding and I loved that it came with a healthy serving of peas. They have massive beer selection which is great cuz who doesn't love beer with a fish fry??? I will be going back. I'm glad I rediscovered this gem of a place.
This British pub is an interesting point in the somewhat dull culinary landscape of Rochester. Everything from the furniture and décor screams British, and the staff seems to be entirely made up of British transplants. A friend and I decided to come here for the beer selection and because he was craving Yorkshire puddings. I really like British cuisine so I thought I'd stick along to try out this place. To start, we both ordered a pint of the Ommegang Game of Thrones Blonde Ale they had on tap, only to be told a few minutes later that they were "literally just out" at opening on a Sunday afternoon. Okay, fair enough. It's a limited edition brew. I ordered a half pint of the Victory Storm King Stout, and my friend ordered some ale when, again, he was told that they were out (of a beer that the waitress recommended), and he settled for a third choice. Okay, maybe some basic logistics issues. I was hoping the food would redeem these hiccups. I ordered a scotch egg starter and the bangers and mash entrée. My friend ordered the Yorkshire pudding dinner and a side of chips. The scotch egg was okay. The egg was fully hard boiled, which in my opinion is too dry for a dish like this (a slightly runny egg in the middle would be great for both texture and flavor), and the outside was a bit too crisp and not enough meat. It was served with a bit of salad on the side and a pretty good sauce (either mayo-based or aioli). The bangers and mash came out next, and the first thing I noticed was that the plate was seriously cold. I mean, this dish seems like it was stored in a fridge. The sausages and potatoes were good, but overall, the dish was not hot. The potatoes were definitely reheated, and the middle was still cold. The sausages were fully cooked, but lukewarm throughout. The peas were good. My buddy was informed that the Yorkshire pudding dinner, which is supposed to be served with peas, potatoes, beef, and beef gravy, was available, but that they were out of beef (seriously), and that it could be substituted with chicken. Okay, he accepts that and they bring it out. The Yorkshire puddings left an impression more along the lines of corn bread than a proper pudding, and the rest was okay. The chips were by far the best item we got, and I think I'll definitely have to try the fish and chips next time. I really want to give this place a better rating, and I'll probably try it again to give it another chance. The service was pretty good, and the waitress knocked about 40% off the Yorkshire pudding dinner due to the lack of beef, which was great of her.
I've been visiting The Old Toad since the late 80's when Mex was an amazing pastry joint and Pranks was around the corner. This was when you were tired of dancing at Club Zero and needed a breather before the natural flocking to Nick Tahou's. I can assure you that The Old Toad has not changed much in all these years. I fell in love with my wife at The Old Toad. Enough about me. The beer selection is well thought out. Don't stop here for Budweiser. Not gonna happen I've had great luck with the food over the years. Went for lunch once back in '98 and we all ordered bangers and mash. An hour later we asked our server what was taking so long and their reply was "well it takes awhile to boil the potatoes". That was one of the funniest things I've ever heard even though they were telling the truth. Who the hell makes bangers and mash to order? That lunch almost got an entire department fired after we returned 3 hours later. The place is a gem. I hope it's around forever. One of the most pleasant places to enjoy a very good classic British meal and delicious beer. Thanks for being there for us.
I never thought that I would say that I enjoy British food, but the Old Toad does a good job! Wide selection of beer and scotch and yummy bar food. Fried mushroom is my favorite appetizer - the richness goes well with a nice, cool beer. The menu is packed with interesting comfort food, which is perfect for the winter. The ambiance is casual with friendly staff. There are cozy booths that can hold up to 8 people. Great place to go with friends/ on dates!
This is hands down my very favorite bar, not sure why it's taken me so long to write a review. It's an authentic British pub, right down to the waitstaff, most of whom are from across the pond. This place is the beacon of hope in the East & Alexander part of the city if fist pumping and shouting to carry on a conversation is not your thing. For a while my boyfriend lived above the bar, and so we went in every week or two. The staff will remember you, and what you like. We didn't go for about 2 months and then as soon as we walked through the door one of the waitresses told us about a porter they had just gotten in that she thought we'd love. You can't get more personable and amazing staff than that. They have outdoor seating for the nicer summer months, a large interior with LOTS of seating for the cold months, a great menu with seasonal specials, the most fantastic beer selection, a great whiskey selection, fantastic staff, and they host trivia nights as well. Sometimes when they get REALLY busy it can take a while for the waitstaff to circle around, but it does get PACKED and they always seem to be doing their best. They also have a number of board games behind the bar that you can ask for if you have a large group and want to get drunk and play Apples to Apples. Part of what sells me the most (other than their bread pudding) is that you can actually talk and have a conversation without shouting. Imagine that. This place is just the best, and if you haven't been, you should go. If you have been, you should go. *Also, I recently realized (after noticing some of the artwork on the walls) that the Old Toad was (probably) named after the character Ol' Toad Hall from the  British book The Wind & The Willows. So that's a bit of fun if you've heard of the book.
I love me some of The Old Toad! The Experience: The Old Toad is a traditional english themed restaurant/bar. They have seating outside on Alexander St during the warmer months and a good amount of seating on the inside. The bar space is smaller, but I'm good with that because I go there to eat. Some of the tables are a little cramped and the decor could be updated a little bit. The staff has always been friendly and given that I live in the area, it's easy to get to. The staff is usually students from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, etc. doing an internship for hospitality or something like that. They change out every few months and I've had two bad experiences with the latest bunch. Our food took way too long, orders were forgotten, no check-backs for refills; however, that will not deter me from going back. The Food: I've had maybe 3/4 of the menu and it has always tasted delicious. I recommend The Scotch Egg, it's always amazing. The Scotch and Beer list is rivaled by no other. Their Scotch and Beer lists always have descriptions of flavor notes and recommendations based on your tastes. I like that I can always get a fine single malt scotch and a delicious stout, without a pretentious bartender judging my selections. The Fish & Chips, Bangers & Mash, and Pot pies are always recommended on my book. I think that The Old Toad is a Rochester NY staple and I will continue to return!
When I went to school at RIT, I wasn't a Scotch drinker, and so never noticed the excellent Scotch list at The Old Toad that I "discovered" this past weekend on an alumni visit back to Rochester. Great selection, more or less reasonably priced. Must say, that's about  the end of the goodness however: ordered two, one for myself, one for my lunch companion, and they were nowhere close to the same size. I feel like I kind of got gypped on mine, and I was the guy buying. Took a long time to get our food order placed, and then my burger, ordered medium-rare, came out pukey-overly-well-done-grey-and-dry. Also, our server returned my card to the wrong table, where it sat for a long time before they finally figured out what they did with it. Not quite the level of service I remember of The Old Toad of old.
Recently went here for the first time and the food is delicious. Great beer selection as well.  A dinner guest I was with let me try a bite of their "Scotch" egg and it tasted like a delicious egg croquette.  That is recommended for sure if you go.  For an entree I had the OT Gourmet Stilton Burger along with the suggested OT20 Double IPA.  Burger was perfectly cooked and burger-beer pairing was amazing.  The food and the service are on the level...so please if you get a chance...do yourself a favor and go have a bite to eat and sip to drink at the Old Toad.
The Old Toad is a must-go to place in Rochester when you're here. It's themed as an authentic British pub, complete with bartenders from england serving you beer. The beer choices are incredible, numerous drafts to pick from and if you don't seem something you like on tap, just look in the cooler for their craft beer selection. The manager, Kevin is extremely friendly and incredibly involved in making his customers as well as his staff happy. Moving on to the food, I sampled two things while there, the chips and dip as well as the cheesy garlic baguette, both incredible. The cheesy garlic baguette is the perfect shootin' the breeze kind of food that you don't have to rush to eat to enjoy it. The chips & dip also have probably some of the best chicken tenders I've ever tasted. Overall the Old Toad does things right, the first time, every time. I'd recommend this place to everyone and anyone.
Solid 4. If they had let me customize my appetizer they would be a 5. Even my waiter was an authentic British expat that reminded me of a member of One Direction. I got the vegetarian bangers and mash. It's not pretty to look at but the flavor is fantastic. Loaded with spinach. Walnuts, and craisins. It was also craft beet week and World Cup so the place was jumping.
Finally made it to the Old Toad for food after a Fringe Festival show the other night. The show ran 6:30-7:30 and we decided to wait until after to eat. British comfort food and beer won us over. Get ready for a strong accent from your server - most of them are students from England. I have to say it's really cute and adds to the authentic British experience. They have a great beer selection and everyone at my table found something they liked. I went with the Victory Red Thunder, a red ale aged in wine barrels. It offered some coffee and chocolate notes but also oak, fruitiness, and a high alcohol content (8.5%). My friend and I split the classic Bangers and Mash, which I had never had before. I'm so glad we chose this dish. The sausage was very tender and the casing was thin (I hate when it's hard to chew). At first it looks like there is too much gravy on the dish but you can easily soak it up with the sausage and potatoes. The peas, which I thought might be frozen, actually had a nice pop with eat bite. The atmosphere is casual and friendly. Dim lighting, exposed wood, close seating. I've never been to England but I hope it's like this over there.
You could walk by this place and not think anything of it, but walk inside and you'll immediately feel like you were transported to a British pub. Some of the novelty has worn off since visiting it for several years, but not much! I love suggesting this pub to people who have never been. Nothing too gimmicky here, just a cute place with cozy booths, quality beers, and British servers. British food isn't really my thing, but I have eaten here a few times and it was fine. My rating is really more about the ambiance and beer. Trivia night is very popular. They have a lot of special events which feature seasonal/rotating bears.
Nice place to go to have a couple drinks with friends! The european setting really gets you feeling like you're in a british pub. Drinks all got funky names so make sure you know what you're getting. And if you're really trying to have a good night I'd recommend the gas chamber, sounds terrifying and it is exactly what it seems like but man up and do it!
In my opinion (and that's what you want to know, since you're reading this review) British food is crap. It offends my palate, as well as my cholesterol. I have been to England twice, and both times I avoided traditional English food whenever I possibly could...which is a lot, since the Brits know their food is crap, too, so they warmly embrace nearly every other culture's cuisine. However, and that is a big-fat-with-a-cherry-on-top-however, The Old Toad is fantastic! The staff (nearly all of whom are British) are super gregarious and will guide you through the wonders and mysteries of their menu. They have a pleasant variety of quality beers, which delights my friends, who think the prices quite reasonable. (I don't drink, so I can't personally comment.) The atmosphere is cozy and bona fide British: from the lacy curtains to the deep-colored woods, you'll think jumped the pond and landed in the home of Harry Potter. What I love the most are the pub quizzes - a quintessential British practice! And the Christmas sing-along the Sunday before Christmas. Such fun! Such charm! The Old Toad is a lovely addition to the Rochester eating scene and I wish them great success!
The decor is dated and passé. Many of the tables barely have enough room for an average-sized person to get their legs under.  But somehow, the surroundings are charming. Our greeting at the door was not welcoming.  While waiting at the greeting station, where there was no greeter, the person who we later figured out was the manager, walked by us three times without acknowledging us. The bartender occasionally glanced at us from across the room, but was never motivated enough to smile or give a nod. After five minutes or so, our server hurried over and seated the three of us at a table. Somehow, maybe it was our server's pleasant smile and her U.K. accent (which everyone in these reviews seems to eat up), we were not annoyed by this service fail.   The food quite simply, is comfort food. Fatty, creamy, cheesy, rich, full-bodied, "yummy", calorie-laden food. And it's done pretty darn well. Don't expect anything great, just expect to be strangely content after you have put all this food in your piehole.   The beer is awesome. No qualifiers for this part of the review. American, imported, malty, hoppy, seasonals, cask offerings... it's all great. This is a place where the whole is definitely greater than the sum of its parts. It works. I'm going to go here again.
Jesus, I wish the DC area had a pub like this.  A bonafide ENGLISH pub with no TV in sight.  I suspect there would be fistfights in DC/Arlington/Northern VA if such a place existed.   That said, I had a great time here, the bartender the night I visited did not have an English accent, but he was very knowledgeable about the beer selection and I had my fill of several national (and local) crafts.   I saw one poster commenting on the above-average price for the crafts; being from the DC area, the prices were lower than average for me so I was a happy dude.   For dinner, fish n' chips served (yes) in newspaper.   Delish.  I'll be back when I return to this city.
Got the large Stonehenge salad and it burger. Ingredients were very fresh. The bread that came with was unremarkable. Burger was decent. Bread too big for meat. Fries were good, very crispy. Seemed understaffed. Food took a while, heard it had a small kitchen.
This is my one of my favorite bars in Rochester. They have a great beer and scotch selection, and especially nice drafts which change frequently. I also love their French fries, and have tried some of their other food (including vegetarian versions!) and been quite pleased. I've never tried them, but I hear the mushy peas are excellent. One of my favorite things about this place is that it isn't too loud! I really hate loud bars, so this is the perfect one for me. Not super cheap, but I'm willing to pay for a nice atmosphere and great drink selection.
I adore the Old Toad. They serve legitimate pub food and have real cask ales. It may well be my favorite pub. I wish I lived closer. I'll update this with more details later on.
Thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. I had the shepherd's pie and it was absolutely lovely. The chips were done perfectly. Rose the bartender was an absolute peach as well as the other staff I interacted with. Love love love this place.
Cute place. Ordered the Mayfair. It wasn't for me, but I'd definitely go back to try some other dishes. It was virtually empty on the Saturday morning I went. The wait staff being British is obviously a bonus. Fun place. Would love to try the trivia night.
We each had a local brew -- from a huge list of international beer selections -- and shared a cheese plate. We sat in a funky booth that looked a lot more interesting than it was comfortable...but it was worth it. Apparently all of the wait staff are British exchange students to help authenticate the neighborhood British pub feel.
I've been a regular at the Old Toad for their Monday night Quiz for about 4 years now. And as I get older, the Toad keeps getting cooler. A limited but great selection of interesting craft beers on tap, affordable apps, and great company makes the Old Toad a great place to spend an evening any night of the week. The Monday quiz varies from hard to incredibly hard, but the beer questions (where you get a free beer if you're the first to shout out the right answer) keep me coming back every week. Makes my list of top 5 bars in Rochester.
An authentic British Pub in Rochester, NY. I don't know how we got so lucky, but I am very glad we did. The staff are wonderful, and British. The atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable, and British. I only wish I lived within walking distance. If you have read the other reviews, then you already know the beer selection is both broad and deep, with some of the best traditional British selections, as well as American microbrews and local selections of every style you could want. As for the food, so far it has been ok, I need to try the Yorkshire pudding and the bangers and mash next, I have high hopes for these. The Scotch egg? Simply amazing! You must eat one of these before you die. Speaking of Scotch, this is something else that the Old Toad does exceptionally well, with a breathtaking selection of Highlands, Lowlands, and Speysides. Come for a pint or three and a Scotch egg, or bring some friends and give yourselves an education in the wonderful world of Scotch whiskey. Either way you can't go wrong.
Loved everything from the atmosphere to the British staff to the beer selection. I was disappointed to learn that they were out of bangers and mash, but I settled for the beef cobbler which was delicious. My wife had the shepherd's pie which was also delicious. I really have no complaints about the place. Will certainly be back.
I will start off saying I like the atmosphere the staff was really cool.My boyfriend and I had some shots of Don Julio,The staff were awesome and the menu looked amazing.
Unfortunately, I want to like this place a lot more than I actually do. I'll start with the positives: the atmosphere is great, service is friendly, and there is a huge selection of good quality beers. However, the food seems mediocre, especially compared to pubs in England. Recently, I ordered the chicken, leek, and tarragon pie. The chicken and pie crust was dry and flavorless, the leek and tarragon practically nonexistent. The delicious sounding description on the menu did not match what was actually served: a small, dry square with some French fries (not chips) that were crispy and hard. Perhaps I came on an off night, but I would recommend coming here for drinks after eating dinner elsewhere.
The Old Toad is the only full service restaurant that I've been to (and hopefully the last) that invokes what they call the London Theif rule. To paraphrase the plaque they have on the wall "First to claim an open spot, gets it". Actually, it was quite intriguing to see people eyeing up tables that weren't eating or drinking with envy & hatred. Having patrons actually follow the waiter, bill in hand, to see whose possibly about to leave. Anyways, The Old Toad has a very nice beer selection from high-end imports like Delirium to their very own brewed Ales. Their menu is full of dishes with Bangers (Sausage) and potatoes. They have an excellent fish fry, besides that the food is generally ok. The bar is small and the service can use much improvement
This was my first experience at The Old Toad.  I went with friends for trivia night and we decided to have dinner. They were out of the Vegetable Balti that I had hoped to get, but our server did state that if it weren't so busy she would have made it for me from scratch.  I opted for the Chickpea Burger and I was NOT let down.  I'm going back again this week and hope to get the veggie balti this time around!
Love the Old Toad. Such a great authentic place in the middle of Rochester. They are awesome in participating in local events and festivals too. I have tried so many of their brews in the Old Toad and out in the Rochester community. The OT20 Double IPA is awesome. I have had their fish and chips numerous times, and their stilton burger...the beer with the food just makes it even better. The staff is fab. There was little hiccup there a few weeks ago with their draft system and they were totally accommodating to the situation. Also, one time I wasn't crazy about one of the beers I had and the waitress just replaced it without a problem. That was great. Come chill here with some friends, the outdoor seating is a must in the summer.
Wonderfully authentic British pub (right down to the 40 year old decor and musty old hotel vibe). Where they differ is an improvement, with more vegetarian menu options and a huge, diverse beer selection. Is it glamorous? No. But it's damn nice. They have no tvs, and the staff is chatty (which I like). They're mostly work-study students from England, which is a great idea. I wonder if they have American themed bars or restaurants in the UK with authentic American staff. I shudder to imagine. If you're feeling munchy (and a little tipsy), try a scotch egg. A hard boiled egg wrapped in ground sausage, then battered and deep fried? YES, PLEASE.
The place is carpeted with a decent amount of seating. There is enough room at the bar for about 8 people to stand/sit comfortably. There are booths scattered around the bar/dining room and a couple of tall tables with bar chairs in the dining room too. The music rarely becomes loud and the Beatles adorn various parts of the walls. There is a sitting room secluded from the rest of the place but it is usually occupied unless you go there late afternoon or really late on a weeknight. They pride themselves on being an "authentic British pub", which is actually as close as it gets for a small town like Rochester. Actual British students work at the pub as interns, although the menu isn't completely British. Still, a great menu, albeit a tad pricey. I will note too that the quality and quantity of the food has steadily decreased... but in all fairness, I come here for the beer. The bartenders and waitresses are very well mannered and knowledgeable with regards to the beer. Although it may take a tad longer than expected to be served food if you're sitting in the dining room, it's still decent. They have close to 15 taps that always have local craft brews and a number of import taps. I believe there's always a few beers on cask, too. They have a beer menu of the different imports and it is one of the most extensive exotic beer lists (for a bar) in Rochester. Westmalle, Rochefort, Lindemann's, Fuller's, Old Speckled Hen, Samuel Smith, Orval, Unibroue, Chimay, La Trappe (KoningsHoeven), Sierra Nevada, Kasteelbier, Gulden Draak, to name a few. The bartenders know how to properly pour and use the correct glassware as well. Overall, this is a place I have spent a few evenings in and hope to spend many more. This review is for a solid 3.75 stars. I knocked off 0.5 stars for the annoying parking situations on the weekends and the declining food quality.
First let me start off by saying that I love that they have actual British people working there! I'm a sucker for the British accent, and having cute men with cute accents serving me alcohol makes me happy! Next let's talk about the food. I really like that they serve food so late. I tried the Westminister sandwich. I really enjoyed it. The chorizo was spicy and flavorful. The bar has a great selection. They have a good number of beers on tap. I ended up trying a beer called Druid Fluids. I mean how could you not try something with a name like that. Unfortunately Druid Fluids just did not do it for me. The bar also has a huge whisky list. They have a book that is seriously like 10 pages of just different whiskys. I wish I was more of a whisky fan. I tried the infamous gas chamber shot while there. Its a sambuca shot that is set on fire, they collect the vapors coming off of it and leave them in a cup. You then have to suck the shot with a straw, and then suck that vapors. I don't know if I can say it was an enjoyable experience, but I would say that it is an experience that everyone should try at least once. That being said I got the impression that the bar tender didn't really have a fun time making them, so tip kindly guys!
When I first entered the Old Toad I was a bit taken aback as there was no one in sight to greet me and I felt as if the handful of customers who were there were all staring at me. I was soon approached by a kindly lad named Adam, however, who seated me and took my order without any delays. He also checked on myself, as well as the other customers who were present, on a regular basis throughout my visit.   The pub itself has a quaint, relaxed atmosphere with lots of wood and dated upholstery. Some reviews have been critical of the table sizes or lack of leg room but I did not find either to be a problem. The space was much more comfortable than what I find on a typical airline flight! There are no televisions here, unlike the typical American sports bar, so the noise level was low to moderate with the overhead music and the conversations of customers being the main source of sounds. The establishment offers quite an extensive list of alcoholic beverages. Since I do not drink this is not of much value to me but it is very appealing for the many people who do. The cheesy garlic baguette appetizer which I ordered was a bit of a disappointment- it seemed to be little more than a sliced, toasted hoagie roll with cheese melted on top. The fish and chips, on the other hand, was good. Nothing exceptional, but good. For me the best part of the Old Toad is the laid back atmosphere. It's a nice place to relax or hang out with friends and I expect to return.
This place is great. They had great food, great atmosphere, and good beer apparently. My only issue was our waiter took a long time to come back to the table and that parking can be hard to find. That doesn't matter that much because the food was so good.
I've never had a bad meal at the Old Toad. Service has been spotty in the past but in recent times the servers have become much more attentive. Great food and drinks, the beer selection is large and they offer beer suggestions on the menu! The ambiance is so cozy. Great place for a casual date.
It's shocking to write, considering how long I've lived in Rochester, but I went to Old Toad for the first time last week. I have been missing out on a treasure among some of the crazy East End clubs. Who doesn't want a friendly server with an English accent waiting on you? Plus, the beer selection is great. Lots of options to choose from - light to dark to bold flavored, and a regularly rotating Guest Beer list is a plus. They successfully achieved the authentic English pub vibe. Next time I visit (which will be very soon!) I'll try some of the food. I hear the Shepard's Pie and the Bangers and Mash are some fan faves.
This is probably in my top 5 favorite places in Rochester. Often places claim to be an Englsih Pub, just like the New York Pizza places you find in California, but this place truly is. The Old Toad has a great exchange program that swaps an English person with an American and allows them to come work in Rochester for a year. I lived in Nottingham, England for six months and can only find my favorite English drink at the Old Toad. When you go, yes when, order a Cider and Black. You won't regret it. Along with the great drink selection, they have a great menu of English food. Yes, I know when you hear English you don't think "great food," but they have captured some of England's yummiest meals, like Shepards Pie (my personal favorite!). This is a gem imbedded in the heart of the city. It's a great place to pop in when you have had enough clubbing next door at Vinyl or down the street at SoHo. Great place to grab a drink and a have a chat.
I wish I was more fluent in British slang because it would make writing this a lot easier. I guess I'll just have to refer to a British slang website I recently found for guidance. This might seem like Mad Libs gone horribly wrong, but here goes... The Old Toad is an ace pub that I've been coming to since I was at university. A mate of mine was on the pull one night and starting chatting up a fit totty who was working here a little while back. They got to talking and he, at some point, asked her for a shag. I'm sure he thought it was quite brill when he was finally able to see her fanny and roger her. They eventually got married. Any road... I recently fell arse over tit for the fish and chips here when the missus and I were trying to relive the "British Nights" we used to have at the Druid, an Irish pub in Cambridge, Mass (we couldn't locate a British pub). We would go there at least once a month to get a little squiffy and eat a stonking great fish and chips that was served in newspaper. It was the bees knees.   The fish and chips at the Old Toad isn't served in paper, but it's just as corking. We were chuffed to bits when we tasted it for the first time! They cover a stonker of a cod fillet with a thin, crispy layer of batter, chuck some freshly cut chips and peas next to it, serve it with a bottle of malt vinegar and, bob's your uncle, you've got a smashing British favorite. The Old Toad also has a scrummy Shepard's Pie and the Guinness Braised Lamb Shank is pukka as well. With one of the most extensive beer and whiskey selections in Rochester, you can get bladdered to your heart's desire. The cheeky British staff is always hunky dory and never beastly, unless of course, you act like a wanker and make them cheesed off. For a bloody good time at a pub whose grub is the mutt's nuts, don't fanny around, run here for a good nosh up. I'm zonked. Cheers! (I hope I didn't cock up too badly)
Awesome beer selection. Not a place I would choose for food, though! I enjoy Trivia Night on Mondays.
One of the places I stop by first when I'm in Rochester for a weekend. The servers can sometimes pass you by when it's busy. But this place is hopping, the food is good and so is the beer. Worth the wait if there is one. I highly recommend the Beef & Ale Pie. Absolutely amazing, especially if you're in the mood for a hearty meal. Different than most, this place is homey. You can play board games in the game room. Those under 21 are allowed in only for dinner before 10:30pm. Believe me, I know. I once brought my 15 year old brother to go with me and it was 10:45... needless to say I think he was happier getting a trashplate at Henrietta Hots than he would've been with me and my friends.
Update 10/22/07: I was there this weekend and I'm glad to say things haven't changed too much. There is a nice extension now, with more seating, but it still remains a cozy pub. ---------- I spent many a college summer here, and whenever I'm back in Rochester make it a point to stop by. I suppose it's a little more of an older crowd, but I'm getting old too. I like the Old Toad for meeting up with friends, having a few pints, that sort of thing. Love the fact that the servers and bartenders are actually Brits, or at least most of them.
The Old Toad is a standby in the Rochester pub and craft beer scene. They have 3 or 4 cask selections. The tap section is always interesting and constantly rotating, and even being a beer geek, and I always find at least one thing that I want to try. The advantage to having 15 lines is that any one beer is never on long enough to get stale.  They also do a very good job keeping their tap lines clean - I've never had a beer that I suspected was off due to dirty tap lines.  The Old Toad is one of those places that Rochestarians take for granted.  When I first visited Chicago in 2005, the locals were bragging about this place that had ONE cask line.  They were dumbfounded when I told them that we had a place in Rochester that always had (at the time) three! The food has always ranged from very good to very average. I've had some great meals at the Toad, and have had a couple very disappointing ones as well. Thankfully the good experiences far outweigh the bad, but when I am grabbing some food in addition to a couple of beers, I still sometimes go elsewhere because I'm just not wiling to take the chance.  I must also say that in my experience, they have been far more consistent as of late.  The Bangers & Mash, Yorkshire pudding, and the Westminster and Bond Street sandwiches are some of my faves..  I second Hope's evaluation of the service, it is a bit rough when the new crop of exchange students hit - but it is never from lack of effort and the servers are always pleasant, it's just that they are learning, so I give them the benefit of the doubt in that respect.  A pleasant demeanor and visible effort goes a long way in my book. Yeah, the carpets and sofas can get a little rank, but either I have just grown accustomed to it or they have addressed the issue, because I really haven't noticed it the past few months. Parking can be tough at times, but it's worth the walk.
So this is the place that an American and a Brit opened in 1990 as a place for English University students to come to work and live the US while attending school to get a feel for living here. Great idea! I don't go here as much as I should! They have an amazing selection of beers! They have a good house brew by Custom Brewcrafters and many other beers. (No John Courage though) I agree with everyone else with the legroom problem. The tables in some areas are very small, and it can feel like a place for midgets. The people usually make up for any physical lack of comfort though. What got me to write this review is their hot sauce! What is in the hot sauce??? I love it! The bangars and mash and the Artichoke Parmesean are excellent also. I'm not a huge English food fan, last time I went over there I lost 10 pounds, but it's great here! I'm starting to see why they eat this food ;) As long as you can get over having to understand a thick English accent and some small tables, you will get in exchange a great evening of conversation, good swill, and great food! Go there soon!
Here's a haiku I wrote about the Old Toad: British People, Beer Pub Grub, Football (English Kind) God Save The Queen. Beer. Enjoy!
A coworker and I were traveling on business from Austin,TX and were referred to this place by someone back home. When we first walked in, I'll have to admit we weren't immediately impressed but the place quickly grew on us. As someone who travels regularly on business I'm always looking to take in what the locals due..JUST SAY NO TO THE HOTEL RESTAURANT!! First of all, everyone in the joint has an English Accent, so for an English Pub, it's pretty darn authentic. Good selection of high quality beers on draft as well as in bottle, plus a pretty extensive menu. And for you vegetarians, a great selection as well. I actually had a vegetarian dish, and while scared at first, it was Awesome. You have to try the Glanmoran Sausage. I also had a cup of Jambalaya, yes at an english pub..i should have been scared but it was great, and no skimping on shrimp and andouile sausage. We also shared the Garlic Mushroom Appetizer which was awesome. It was monday night and we got there about 7, luckily we did as it was Trivia Night. When we were done eating and yacking....around 9 pm the place was absolutely packed. Highly recommend trying this place out. I know I'll be back. Really Good Food, Good help (fun trying to interpret the strong english accent) and good beer. Let me know what you think . Steve
Just left The Old Toad for a Lenten Friday fish and chip dinner. Haven't been here in forever and wish I knew why, love this little pub!  First of all when you walk in you feel like you've been transported across the pond. The staff for the most part are English college students working at the old toad for a year. Many are hospitality majors. The staff is so attentive!!  Wide selection of beer both local and English. I chose a creamy Boddington to accompany my fish and chips. The platter of fish came with a side of "mushy peas" which are mashed green peas with melted butter and mint, well balanced. I seriously want the recipe, that's how much I loved the peas. The fish was a fresh white piece of haddock, bear battered and wrapped traditionally in newspaper. Oh my gosh that fry was seriously the best I have ever had. Fish fry is tough to do right, can be over battered, greasy, over/undercooked. This was pure perfection!!!! Right balance of batter to fish, not greasy and texture of the fish perfect. Fries were good and I enjoyed them with the malt vinegar we were given. Well done Old Toad!
I generally and hypothetically approve of the Old Toad. In practice, it needs a little work however. It would be cooler if they had a night where they catered to the college crowd a bit with their pricing. Instead we poor students settled for getting our asses handed to us by this serious-as-shit table at trivia night. Honestly, fuck those guys. I've never seen such a bunch of hyper competitive fuck-wits in my life. Yep, trivia and trivial have the same root. Just saying. Thinking of this makes me angry and kinda ruined my experience here. OH WHALE. It's not really a problem if you have a job and/or don't care about trivia night. They could use an upgrade on their PA system as their trivia announcer sounds a bit like the teacher from Peanuts if you're not by the bar.
Old Toad, thank you for the good times. Thank you for allowing me and my large group of friends come in 20 minutes before the kitchen closed and letting us order a ton of food. Thanks for the nice, English waiters who brought us our food and beers. Thanks for tolerating our rambunctious laughter. Thank you for being a part of my college experience. With that said, Old Toad is a lovely place to come with a group of friends on a Friday night (or any night for that matter) for food and drinks. Good beer selection and good grub AND affordable prices on a college budget. What more can you ask for? It gets pretty busy here on the weekends, but the waiters are always attentive and friendly. Thanks Old Toad. You're great.
My FAVORITE. The bangers and mash are just like the London ones!!! I swear!  The cheese board is yummmmmy too... Went for lunch for the first time...who's the lucky one today?
I never truly ate here... I did stumble in after a night on A street to ask the bartender to tell me a story... poetry, anything just so I could drunkenly love on his accent. I miss the roc...
The Old Toad, how I love thee.  Somehow my review was flagged but it's ok, I am going to write another one. Just to make it clear, I have been here several times, so this review is NOT lacking an actual experience. Secondly, the staff is very attractive. They import most of the staff straight from Europe and you can surely tell.  This is the one place in Rochester that you can get an authentic Guinness. The last time we were here it was packed, but the service was still great and the staff was smiling. Keep up the good work Mr. Toad.
No trip to Rochester is complete without a trip to the Old Toad. While for some it may be a garbage plate, for me it's a Ploughman's Platter and pint of Fuller's ESB at the Old Toad. Sure, lots of people have recreated the British Pub on this side of the pond, and sure lots have even staffed it with Britts, but the Old Toad actually feels like the perfect British Pub. I think the food is great, considering British food isn't usually regarded as great. I crave their fish and chips whenever I'm eating fish and chips elsewhere. I highly recommend the Old Toad. It's one of my all-time favorite bars.
Was at The Old Toad last week with coworkers while in town for business.  I discovered this place on Yelp and stated my case as to why we should venture several blocks from our hotel through the jazz fest to get here.  It was completely worth it. The food is your typical pub/bar grub.  Nothing spectacular, but definitely tasty and filling.  The service is great.  I can't remember the name of our waitress, but she was very friendly and ready to offer suggestions, etc.  The inside has a very old vibe...we opted to sit outside.  I think this choice is what allowed for our very enjoyable evening.  All of the locals walking by and stopping in were friendly and talkative.  The local homeless and whackies were even hilariously friendly. The drinks were great.  I tried a cherry something another beer and fell in love with it.  I am not a beer fan by any means and I ordered 2 of these puppies before finally switching to my fail safe...Captain Morgan. Oh...and the mind blowing part...our entire bill for 3 people with dinner and multiple drinks was under $100!!!!!!!   Insanity!!! I would definitely suggest The Old Toad to anyone living in or traveling through the Rochester area.
Awesome beer menu, great British pup food, English exchange students as servers... the Toad is such a fun place to be! My friends and I always used to go on Mondays for the free trivia night and it was incredible fun. I highly recommend the Mayfair sandwich which is their variation on Welsh Rarebit and whatever beer you like. Their bottled beer list is extensive, I think something like 8 or 10 pages long, but I often went more for the weekly rotating drafts or whatever the very knowledgeable bartender recommended. Something to note about the trivia game, the Sunday game has an entry fee and subsequently a cash prize, the Monday trivia game is free (so way more crowded) and has a good first prize and a humorous last place prize. The other thing that's great about the Toad is the staff. Not for the service, that's where they lose their fifth star, but the people themselves. They are British exchange students in a program to learn how to run a restaurant. What that means to you is a very authentic British pub feel, complete with awesome accents. If you're not going for trivia it is a very enjoyable place to get a beer or two (you don't go to the Toad to get trashed) and some pub food. The space is a bit small and can get cramped but it is such a great place it is well worth it. If you go for trivia...get there early is really the best advice I can give (we tried to get there at 8pm for trivia starting at 9pm or 9:30pm). Also if you want a unique experience (and don't mind less than attentive service) try to get the nook, basically a living room inside the restaurant. It has armchairs, couches, a fireplace (for show) and windows with curtains to the rest of the restaurant. The Toad is a lot of fun, certainly worth a try. The beer is a bit more expensive than you would normally pay around Rochester but these are craft beers and mircobrews, you're supposed to pay more for them. Either way for the environment, the food, the drinks it's a package that you have to check out if you're in the Rochester area.
There's never a good place to sit here, especially if you have long legs. Maybe everyone in England is short. The cheesy bagguet is pretty delicious, as are the (super greasy) onion rings. The beer selection definitely their selling point. They have beers from all over Europe (and elsewhere), not just England, and as far as I can tell they're pretty reasonably priced.
Walked here in almost-zero degree weather and it was well worth it. The OT Burger was juicy and savory, the bun was warm and soft, and the fries were super crispy and flavorful. Service was quick and friendly, and the price was more than reasonable. The portion size was decently large; I had some trouble finishing everything. I did not try any of the alcoholic offerings, but I can speak to the quality of the food and it was very good.
The wife and I go here for dinner just about every friday night.  They have wonderful beer, delicious, delicious food, and great wait-staff--who I'll admit, can be a bit overwhelmed, but they also make a point to not make you feel like you're being rushed, which makes up for the fact that sometimes your food might take a few extra minutes, or that you might be sitting at your table for 5 or 10 minutes before they figure out who's serving you.   This will be made up to you with their incredible chicken fingers(no, seriously!), a scotch egg, fried fish of the week, some battered sausage and one of three absolutely incredible desserts, that change every week.   The fact that I can walk here from my house is one of the best things about living in Rochester.  Go here, eat here, you will love it.
We live in the neighborhood and this is by far our favorite bar. Good english pub food, great beer selection. Service is typically friendly and good. We especially like to sit outside in the summer when walking the dogs and have a beer or two while the dogs hang out. If you are an out-of-towner check this place out, it will not disappoint.
Absolutely, positively, WONDERFUL.  An incredible selection of beers and a wait staff with service that was incredible.  And holy cow they had a shrimp tikka masala that blew away any Indian restaurant within 200 miles!  For crying out loud, go here!
This place is a Rochester classic. The inside kind of looks and smells like my grandparent's house, but it is a nice, well-lit, comfortable atmosphere with a pretty good selection of beer. The food is, well its British. Fried for the most part. Not too spicy.
I finally got the opportunity to check out Old Toad's fish fry! Omg it was great!! I went on a Friday afternoon around 3pm and had the pleasure of being the only party in the quaint highly decorated restaurant at that time. Our server was a real sweetheart! My friend and I both ordered the small fish fry which came with a lot of food in my opinion for $8 (trust me that is not a complaint lol)! The fish was fried to perfection. Just the right amount of batter and very fresh tasting. The fries were tasty as well. They weren't too oil and one could tell that they were fried in fresh grease. I opted for a side salad with a lemon dressing since I despise peas! I did try my friends mushy peas and the mint gave the peas a good taste, I would say if I actually liked peas. We ended our meal by sharing a slice of homemade raspberry cheesecake that was verrrry creamy, flavorful, yet not too rich. I will be back soon!
Shepherd's Pie. Chips and Gravy. Pub Quiz. Cask Beer. Be happy.
Love this place. I've never had a bad experience. They have a great selection of beer, and you feel like you're in an authentic English pub (been there, so I know, lol).  Most of the staff are exchange students from the UK, so it's nice to hear the accents. This place introduced me to the Scottish egg, which is amazingly delicious! Trivia nights are usually on Monday's, and it's a fun (yet crowded) time. Great place to bring a group of beer loving friends. Be prepared to spend a bit more on exotic beers.
I wish I had discovered the Old Toad earlier before I left Rochester. The service was friendly and accommodating when tackling the decision of beers to try. Good selection of beers, so everyone should be able to find something that suits their taste. My favorite is the Old Toad Nut Brown Ale. The food here is hearty and warm. English pub fare done decently well. Definitely a nice change of the typical dining experience in restaurants.
Since I grew up in Rochester and lived there most of my life I will backtrack and start with businesses I know and love from my hometown, and this establishment is one of my absolute favorites!   The Old Toad is by far one of the coolest British pubs I've ever frequented.. from its decor which is rich in colors of red, green, and dark wood and booths throughout, to the food which is a combination of traditional British and usual pub grub.  I always get the curry which is good but on the milder side.  They even offer vegetarian food for our animal loving friends.  The atmosphere is very chill with mostly an age range of (attractive) 20's and 30 somethings. But the real goods is their beer selection :) which is downright heavenly... you can get everything from oatmeal stout, chocolate stout, Belgium whites, nut brown ale, trappist, lambic, local brews, international brews, and everything in-between.  Not only do they have a wide selection but the quality of the beers they serve are just plain divine. Let's not forget one of my favorite things about this place and one of the main reasons I come here... ALL of their staff, yes ALL are imported from England... from the cute bartenders, to the cooks, waiters/waitresses, etc.  and this is a real treat for an accent fetishist such as myself.  How cool is that?!  You really feel like you've landed in a little slice of England once you step foot in here. Great place to hang with friends to have a good meal and of course good ale.  Pop by on Monday night trivia for a little added fun. I'll end it with a little fact taken from their website: The Old Toad was the first pub to sell cask conditioned real ale in America, originally brought up from New York City. This place is top notch!  If you ever come to Rochester for the cold weather be sure to stop by here to warm up!
Anyone who has lived in Rochester (for even a short period of time) knows that The Old Toad is one of the coolest bars in town. They've got trivia, great beers, and an awesome staff. They actually let young folks from Great Britain come over and "intern" there. It provides them with an interesting experience and also adds to the culture of the bar. Serving authentic British plates like fish and chips, roast beef, bangers and mash, etc...The menu offers something very unique and tasty for every eater. Magner's Cider is on draft, along with other greats like Killians and Rohrbach's. Their drafts are moderately priced, and they rotate them regularly. The atmosphere of the Old Toad is the kicker. The staff is very nice, the bathrooms are always pretty clean, there are tons of board games and there is a ton of room (just in case you're out with a large group). If you want to hang out with your friends, get trashed and rip your top off...the OId Toad isn't your place! But if you want to down a couple of good drafts and possibly run into your best friend's mom (I often did)...this place is it!
I've spent my entire time since I moved to San Jose, CA looking for a bar like the Old Toad but to no avail.  It is a unique and spectacular place that I miss dearly from my 5 nights a week time when I lived down the street. The monday night trivia contest is not to be missed.
The place is run by british university students so you've got a legit british pub on your hands! This is a nice little get-away from the usual bar scene.  Or if you're a Homesick Brit, this'll be the place to go! The food is your typical crap british food. a little bland but hearty and filling.  you've got your classic Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash, Shepherds pie and... dare I say it? YORKSHIRE PUDDING! and PORK PIE! The Yorkshire pudding was served differently than I'm used to. It's served flattened instead of puffy and hollow. The waiter says they make a massive one and cut off pieces of it to serve which explains why it's like that. The pork pie was pretty much like a cold hard pate. It's good! Their beer selection is fantastic! They've got light wimpy cider and ales as well as your dark english porters. You should find something u like. The service is a little inconsistent. Mind you these are uni students running the place so they tend to get distracted, forget or sometimes shy to come check up on you. So you'll have to be un-british (aka a little rude) to get their attention. They're all good kids, nothing bad to say about any of them.
I've only been here once but it was a good experience and the first time I had Hoegaarden (good stuff). I ordered some kind of cheese filled/stuffed bread and it delicious and way better than I expected bread and cheese to be. Actually, the guy forgot to put my order in so I got a free Hoegaarden and only had to wait a few extra minutes for my cheesey deliciousness.
Bring money. If you love British accents and beer, then you probably already know about this place. If you love one of these, but not the other, then you'll be out of place here. The onion rings were decent, and you learn something new everytime you go. Also, don't forget trivia night.
I love the old toad. It's probably my favorite bar in Rochester. It has a laid-back vibe, which is a welcome change from the rest of the super-hype "clubs" on the block. Don't come here if you're expecting 19-year-old ladies with little-to-no-clothing on, booming music and low lights. Come here if you want great drinks and a fun night with your friends. The positives: - The drink selection/beer selection is great. - The wait staff is super cute (and all have charming British accents. I'm in love, what can I say.) - You can actually have a real conversation with a group of people while getting as drunk as you wanna. - The room in the middle of the bar, the lounge area, is classy as heck, and is a prime location to eat/drink. -They have a lot of vegetarian/vegan options, that actually taste awesome. (Though, they took their tofu burger off the menu, and that was one of the best burgers I've ever had.) The negatives: - Sometimes the waiters can be hard to understand, especially if they're suggesting a beer you haven't yet heard of. Just go with it, they usually pick something great. - The trivia is hard, and usually about sports.
The food can be hit or miss, but the beer's always good, with a great selection and THREE cask ales on tap at all times. The staff is friendly. I only always sit at or near the bar where it's easy to get noticed when the pint is finished, so as far as I can tell, the service is good. As for the food, I always go with the Covent Garden. Tasty sausage sandwich with bacon and an over-easy fried egg... oh yes and a slice of fresh tomato. Get 'em with the 'chips' but make sure to ask for them hot and fresh. Yum!
I could sit at the Old Toad for hours and enjoy the company that I have with me. They have a large selection of alcohol and food.
This place is amazing! The food is great, the wait staff is friendly (and have British accents), and the prices are pretty on par with the quality.
Figured I had to go to try the shepherds pie.  I wasn't disappointed at all.  It was fantastic.  The french fries were great as well.  The only let down was that the waitress could have stopped by to asked if I wanted another beer.  It was 3/4 empty when the food was dropped off, and finished not much later.  I had an empty beer glass nearly my entire meal, and the waitress didn't ask if I'd like another, much less walk by so I could flag her down.  A bit disappointing, as there was a good beer selection too.
I like the relaxed vibe here. Beer selection is above average I'd say, I do wish they had a few more cider options ;) very friendly service. And is there any more accent sexier than the British? Maybe an Irish brogue...maybe. The food quality varies...some hits, some misses, a little bland for my palate, but hey...that's me. The fish and chips and shepherd pie were both solid, and the scotch egg was interesting.
Huge beer selection. Food was marginal. Except for the cheese plate which was awesome.
English service, aka slow (staff are mostly from England working here for school) Great selection of good beers on tap, if you are willing to pay a price for them. Great food as well, traditional English fare. Steel tip darts are located in the bar.
Everything is authentically English  about this place - even the staff! Go on Monday night for the trivia night, starting at 9:30.  But if you want a table, show up at 8 or 8:30 (or better yet, call ahead and reserve a table). Great food, great beer selection, and great atmosphere!
This place smells funny.  It smells like its been there since 1754, just old and moldy. Haven't eaten here but been here for drinks. I would give it 1 star, but they have really cool drinks that they set on fire, and their drinks are cheap.
The Old Toad is a warm and cozy kind of place, good to hang out and have a few pints of Guinness if you're not into the loudmouth, sparkly purse schlock along the rest of Alexander Street.  You can get pub food (helllllo Welsh rabbit, who doesn't love cheese?) from actual British folks.  It is close quarters, but since it's pretty chill, it's not as bad as being in a packed bar with the see-and-be-seen scene kids boozing it up down the street.
If you're looking for an amazing and true English/British pub.... THIS is probably the only one I've ever been able to experience in Rochester. I can't really find any other one, maybe it is because the pub itself is just as British as you can get from the woodwork to the bartenders' and waiters' accents?? I absolutely love love love pubs and bars that stays as true as possible to it's own nationality intentions. It's not one of those measly kind of wanna-be pubs or taverns where the menu is all-Americanized. I really enjoy this bar and their amazing beer selection.
We arrived at noon on a Thursday for lunch. Our party of three ordered at a quarter past. Our soup and salad arrived 50 minutes later and the salad was not what was ordered. Ten minutes later our food arrived and the chips were cold and greasy. We waited another 20 minutes after we finished to get our check. I'll stick with the whisky and beer over the food. This kinda sucks since this is one of my staples when I come to Rochester. Straighten up mates.
This place is so-so. Food and beer selection is excellent, service is poor at best. In a hurry? Want a quick meal? Don't bother.
Mistakenly ordered a fish fry instead of fish and chips...made it much harder to share, but it was very crispy with tender moist haddock inside delicious beer batter with nice hand cut fries and peas.  It was ridiculously hot, which is dangerous, but in my opinion, never a bad thing.  Had Sierra Nevada ruthless rye cask which was great, then switched over to the very bizarre saison darkly which to me did not taste at all like it was described and was way too citrusy for my liking.  It's hard to get the bartender's attention at times, which is my only real complaint.  They always have a fine selection of draft and several cask beers.  Sliders were pretty tasty as well.
To be honest, I've never thought highly of English food until I went to the Old Toad.  I suppose I just never had it in the right context, or in the right atmosphere.  The Old Toad nails it on the presentation, and the selection of beers make it truly a unique place in Rochester.  When I just want to relax and drink with a couple of my friends in someplace that isn't a dimly lit bar, the 'Toad is the place I go to first.  I've never had a bad experience at the Old Toad, perhaps it is the british charm of the waitstaff that wins me over every time.
I've gone here a few times while in college. I always enjoyed the intimate areas to sit with a few friends and enjoy some drinks with good conversation.  Now after moving to the SF Bay Area, I am still searching for a great pub like this!
I remember this place as "pleasantly stuffy." On a cold, snowy day in Rochester (which more or less describes any day between October and April), it was warmly lit, warmly heated, and the food and stout was heavy and, well, warm too (the stout was room-temperaturish, like stout's supposed to be, not actually "warm" per se). A deliciously thick and fatty slab of pot roast renourished me to survive the rest of the afternoon in the blustery cold. Looked like it'd have been a great place to spend an evening with drinking songs and friendly pints all around. Next time I'll have to plan a longer visit.
Food is good when you're craving something like bangers and mash, but the food and drinks are extremely overpriced. The service is also slow and the restaurant is crowded.
Good British comfort food. Solid selection of beer and Scotch. Nice atmosphere without any TVs. Moronic servers.
This is by far my favorite bar in Rochester.  Monday night trivia is always a hit and other nights it's just a great place to relax and hang out with friends.  While I always go here for the great beer selection, the food is authentic English pub fair and very tasty.  All in all I cannot recommend this place enough!
Best fish and chips ever! Wonderful atmosphere, and the great British exchange students working there give the place a ton of character. They also have a huge beer selection, trivia  nights and Christmas sing alongs...how could you go wrong going there?
I love going to The Old Toad.  They always have an excellent beer selection and the chips are great to share with a group of friends.  The place feels really authentic; even the staff are exchange students from England.
Stopped in here one night bar hopping, I love that the people working there had english accents, increased the hot factor...might have also been all the alcohol I had consumed that night. I also had a good beer but it was kind of pricey for the area.
I went back on business in October after being away from Rochester for several post-collegiate years. The Toad was the same as ever; perhaps a little dead and little too well lit for my NYC dive-bar sensibilities. However, the food is served until late, IIRC, and the beer list is absolutely the best. Good to go with a group of people, not so good for meeting people at.
This was my favorite bar to hang out in when I was at UR.  There's plenty of room to go with a group of friends, they have tons of beers and the largest variety of flaming shots I've ever seen.  One night we went, grabbed a booth near the bar, and played drinking card games all night.  I don't remember much after that other than somehow ending up a Nick Tahoe's and then in my bed.  Always a good time!
We had a terrible meal and the service was even worse. I would only go there to drink beer. I still can't get over the horrible service.
I have only been here on two occasions.  Once on a date, another for a going away party and I have to admit I am highly impressed.  The staff are all super friendly, amazing service and servers and the food was orgasmic.  But the star element here would hands down be the beer list, my god the beer list well make any hop heads mouth water endlessly.  A little pricey but worth every cent.
The place smells awful, and apparently our glasses were washed in the same vomit that produces that odor.  My friends tell me that it is THE place to be for a bar hang, and I believe them, but for food, I would suggest elsewhere - it's authentic British. Really, what is there to offer?
This is one of my favorite bars. A tiny, but packed british pub where you can just sit chill, and share a drink among friends. They serve pub food but for the area I think it is some of the best at that. All the bartenders and servers are british exchange students in college so it just adds to the atmosphere. Sort of like a coffee shop that you drink beer at. One of the only bars that you can get an imperial stout at in the area. Sort of miss this place
Want an authentic British pub experience down to the accents of the servers? Look no further than The Old Toad. When you first walk into the pub, the first thing that you notice is that it smells like a British Pub. You immediately smell the smell of beer, malt vinegar, and fried foodstuffs. The layout of The Old Toad is an interesting one. Sort of a circle with rooms on the inner part of the circle. There is a decent amount of seating, but take note that you will have to become acquainted with your next table neighbors due to the closeness of it. Food is okay. It is all authentic British pub food from shepherds' pie to bangers and mash to fish and chips. However it is not the best British food I have had. This might be due to the fact that the young adults working here are not masters of their craft and are constantly rotating out (as they are exchange students). One of the true marvels of this place is their beer selection. By golly it is ginormous. It will take you quite a while to get through all the different beers. They have Trappist, pale ales, stouts- you name it, they have it. Many of the beers they have are top notch beers (as reviewed on BA) so don't hesitate on them!
If you're into traditional English fare this place is great. While I'm not a huge fan of the style it has a great beer selection and good atmosphere for drinking in groups.
I thought the food was really good. Great options for carnivores and veggies alike. Overwhemling (in a good way) selection of beer, cider, etc. The hardest trivia in the world on monday nights. My only knock is that the beer is a bit steep in price.
This place brings authentic tastes of british food into Rochester along with a good selection of beer some of which can only be found here in Old Toad. Decor is very cozy and offers a nice sitting area as well as a bar and some good dart game setups. The waiter is excellent straight from Britain, very knowledgable about the food and the drinks. The food is tastes very authentically Britain, although it might not be everyones cup of tea. I would recommand this place if you are looking for something different and a cozy place to enjoy the long winter nights of Rochester.
Where else in the ROC can you get authentic english pub food, served by English exchange students (with sexy accents), drink European beers and play jenga with your buddies? Plus the decor is very Margaret Thatcher's living room, which adds to the overall British-ness of the place. Give this place a try some night when you're tired of Milestones finally.
Great ambiance, and beer selection. Food in general is pretty decent, though, I've had a few items that were awful. Don't recommend the nachos (though...why would you go to an English pub and get nachos!?), but most of the other things I've had here were pretty great. Decent service even on a busy night! Recommend it.
Ok but a bit overpriced and service was not that attentive. Try the mad elf beer it's very good. Food is good too.
This place was my gateway to better beer during my RIT days. An old favourite to boot.
Excellent old-fashioned English restaurant + pub.  Large selection of beer.  Great food too.  Friendly wait staff.  Can accommodate large groups if you don't come at busy times.  Most of the staff are actually students from the UK on a study abroad program, and they're both good and authentic.
Had an english breakfast. Pretty good. I don't know what was in the black pudding though :/
Great beer selection served with only modest amounts of the snark you'd expect at such a joint. Good food, very enjoyable all around. Best place to bring any beer snob friends.
i have loved this place ever since my uncle brought me here when i was like 12. the waiters all are straight from the UK and have awesome accents. it is a true british style pub and they have awesome food best fish and chips around hands down. they also have a large beer selection with different kinds from all over the world and they even had a raspberry one which was cool
Great bar!  Monday nights are trivia night.  They have a great draft and bottled beer selections, with cask beers!
Shepards pie is awesome here!  Good premium beer selection.  It is an unique environment.
100% authentic British pub. SUPERB beer and whiskey selection. Really good food. Outstanding atmosphere. I've been here at least a dozen times and I have NEVER ONCE not had an outstanding time. The wait staff are all excellent. The atmosphere is super cozy and friendly. I have never once felt the slightest bit rushed or unwelcome. It's family friendly as well, and if you're looking to watch some decent football (soccer) matches, they bring in huge plasma TVs and play the games - they did this for the Champion's League and the Euro, most recently. My #1 favorite spot in any city I've ever been to. If you go to Rochester and don't go to the Toad, then you haven't been to Rochester.
Always great. The menu gets me, because I am equally tempted by a good whiskey (fantastic selection of single malt Scotch), as I am by a good beer. Also, believe it or not they have great food, the chips with curried dip is good before and after meals.
Authentically awesome.  From the smell of beer to the British accents everywhere this place is as close to a British/Scottish/Irish pub there is.  Great beer/whiskey and scotch selection and some pretty good British pub fare as well.  Everyone is really friendly and its always a great time at the toad.  Will be back over and over and over again.
This is one of my favorite watering holes!  The atmosphere is always really relaxed and at times gets a bit crowded but friends and I have always found a spot to park ourselves.  They have a great selection of beers and a nice selection of imports not usually seen at other bars/pubs in the area.  The Old Toad also offers a nice menu ranging from appetizers to entrees (fish and chips, sheperd's pie, etc).  The staff is always rather friendly but because it gets so crowded at times getting a drink is not always as quick as you'd like.  As for fun times there, they have a trivia night (on Sundays?) that can be great fun with a few friends.  The prizes for correctly answered questions?  Why, beer of course!  Drink costs are a tad higher starting around $4 and up- but for the beer connaisseur- cost won't matter as much- you have to experience this place.  Even most of the staff is imported (from England)!
I don't like writing bad reviews, but in this case, I have to share. We went here for lunch after having heard good things about both drink and food. The server was MIA when we entered and the place was empty, we were her only table. What amused me was her on and off British accent. We ordered a melted cheese and beer sandwich, a roast beef w/ horseradish and a bacon burger. The first was like putting wonder-bread in the microwave with too much cheese and garlic. the roast beef sandwich was very very dry. it did not have all the ingredients listed on the menu! the burger was standard. the part that was HORRIBLE was the service. it took us over an hour to get our food. the first thing i had mentioned to the server was that we were on our LUNCH on limited time and had to go back to work. having been in the restaurant industry for several years, you are supposed to be sensitive to time restraints when people dine for lunch. after ordering, she didn't check on us once. after an hour i went up to her at the bar where she was texting and asked her to check on our food and at this point, bring boxes because we had already spent more than our lunch time and were late for work. a minute later she brought the food saying "it just came up" and i've already described how disappointing the quality was. i had to ask her again for boxes for all of us. she went back to texting though i had told her we needed the check and we had to go back. we walked back up to the bar to get her attention and ask her for the check and after she dropped it had to get up yet again to pay. it was a horrible horrible experience. though old toad has a great beer selection, it's really the only pro to this pub. we don't plan on returning for food OR drink after that experience.
No place like it in Rochester. Authentic British pub run by a great local family that hosts hospitality/business majors from Sheffield University in England on an exchange program, the "toadies," as they're called. I just love the Old Toad. The beer selection is never amiss, there's always something yummy on cask and the draft selections are frequently enticing as well. The bottled selection is overwhelming and there's typically a "special' for the evening written on the chalkboard behind the bar. The service in July/August/Sept is always a bit of a gamble because the students are new. Therefore, the best times to go would be the spring, like now - April/May/June. Things are running smoother! The food is of a high standard...the fish and chips are definitely worth trying. You should probably try a roast dinner with a yorkshire pudding as well. I'm not sure why, but their cheesy garlic bread is REALLY good, and their chips are thick and fat and soak up salt and vinegar perfectly. Another winning dish? The shepherd's pie. I've also always liked the Regent's Park sandwich. Yes, I agree the place could use a new carpet, but we'll forgive them for that. Oh, and BTW, try the OT 20 on draft. One of the best beers in Rochester.
Great beer selection, friendly staff and good food.
VERY BAD SERVICE had to wait 22 mins. just to get a menu. This place has been getting bad reviews by locals, for there lack of service. NOT  a good thing in such a small town......
Good beer, average food, service spotty. Love the place
The Old Toad is fun! All the waiters and waitresses are from England so they have British accents. The food is decent and they have a large selection of drinks. I'd recommend going on Sunday nights because that's when they hold their weekly trivia night (starts around 9pm).
