Short and Sweet- First time experience was amazing, great music, great food and service. Second time, the food was great but the service was horrible. Reasons why: - We had a party of 25 people, the waiters were rushing us to finish. - When some of us got up to use the bathroom they had taken our drinks before we could finish them. - The drinks had to be sent back twice because they were poorly made. - After our bill came ($1,200 to be exact) and we paid we still decided to stay and order different drinks so we can enjoy the music and we were being rushed out of the tables. - When we insisted on staying a gentleman came (quite rude not much of gentleman but you get the idea) saying we needed to get up from our table and move to the bar which was packed. When we explained that we have been here less than an hour and we already wasted $1,200 bucks he said we need to go because they recycle the tables at least 3 times. Mind you there were plenty of empty tables with no expected parties waiting to be seated as he claimed. - We wanted to speak to the manager and he insisted he was the general manager and became very rude. Then he unexpectedly changed his mind and said we can stay but to keep in mind that on a Saturday night we can't do what we did. Which is wrong because we had a party of 25 the first visit (on a Friday) and we were never rushed and stayed till we left. Which is even more striking because the first night we had in Son Cubano they had a special event and it was packed, still we were not rushed out. Unlike our last experience where they had no special event and it was not packed yet they were rushing us out like peasants. - Also one of the members in my party had stuff missing from their vehicle when they used the Valet service. Keys, personal items, and such was missing. Plus he found his vehicles registration information on the passenger seat and out of the glove compartment. Tale tall sign of foul play. Conclusion: Will I return?...no...Will I recommend this place?...no...I am not sure if they changed the management and bartenders there but this place is not the same as it use to be.
Looking for something in your age range then def try this place out. I have been here couple of times n I just love the way they have setup their place n their ambience. I mean it's a perfect place for first date,  special occassion dates etc.  Those nice high end wired n Gray (I think) sitting arrangements,  Overlooking nyc and surrounded by waters this place is heaven.....they have two sides first where you can eat n drink n chill.  Areas inside is a dancing place.... not to much places for dancing but I  think it's good enough.  They play wise variety of music, so def its not boring. Yesterday they were pay some Spanish music n people were doing salsa. .... just amazing.   Actually we went for dinner yesterday with couple of my gfs n even the food was delicious. We ordered the appetizers n one entree..... somEthing with cod fish n ham, empanadas,  stuff plantains,  fileminion with crab meat n Yuka, everything was so tasty.  But their service was very slow.  First of all were were waiting for an hour before we got seated got dinner.  We had reservations for 9pm. We didn't get table till 10.15. We were starving n had too go ask three time if our table was ready.  Also server was slow,  took for ever to take order. Did came to the table fast but overall it sucks.....I asked for bread n butter but I never got that on table nor refills for water...they def need to pump up their service...... Parking is nEver an issues bc there is a parking lot ard n they have valet parking, also I think of you get lucky you can easily find street parking to.  Everytime I go in found street parking not too far from three place. ...its like s high end nyc bar n lounge but so much more convinent for nj people lol.... Well I will def go back to the place bc I feel that even people who come here are well suited,  dressed n educated n places too find some one if you looking for one. :)
I had the skirt steak and the best room with a magnificent view.  Our waiter was courteous, witty, and very helpful in the options we should choose.  We had the calamari for the appetizer and a few drinks all around.  I heard that Wed was full of action but when we got here, it was just a nice dinner party and the dancing and music was on Friday and Saturday.  SALSA
The only reason I am giving this restaurant a 5 star, is for the VIEW. As far as the food goes, well, Dined here twice and both times I had the churassco (not the best I've had). The first visit was good, we had the picadillo appetizer which was delicious. We ordered it the second time and our waiter NEVER brought us the picadillo appetizer. We received our entree and he messed up our order. So we asked for our appetizer while we waited for our entree to come back and AGAIN he NEVER brought us the appetizer. He was like in lala land. We kept repeating ourselves and he kept forgetting everything we asked for. Talk about customer service. Will I go again? I dont think so. I can have the view without going to the restaurant.
The food is mediocre. The venue is pretty neat, but last time I was there the AC was broken and it was unbearably hot. Tasty Sangria.The menu could stand to have more variety. They had some nice live music for a little while and a small dance floor.
Alrighty, so I've been dying to write a review on this place for the LONGEST time. I finally decided to make a reservation for my dad's birthday. I made the reservation on opentable.com about an hour later they called me to confirm and asked for any particular requests (very very attentive). When we got there, the hostesses were super attentive and sat us right next to the window with a magnificent view of NY. Our waiter was very sweet, knowledgeable, and attentive. We started off with a brazilian sangria (kinda strong but super good), then we had 2 appetizer platter with : garlic shrimp (ahh delish), spinach empanadas (perfect combo of spinach and cheese), guac with platano chips, croquettes of ham and codfish and grilled octopus. My entree was the ropa vieja, honestly not as good as i expected it be (lacking seasoning, i still think Victor's Cafe is the best but that's for another review lol) but still good. Le beb had the pernil, I guess because I'm so used to my abuela's (grand mother's) seasoning it didn't really appeal to me but what I did like about it was the crunchy cuero (skin) that it had yumm. My mother had the Chilean Sea Bass with a mango sauce (which was soooo delicious i will get it next time i go), asparagus and fried rice. My dad the the steak with mashed potatoes (mashed potatoes delicious). For dessert, my dad had the tres leche de fresas and I had the Trio de Flan (reg, coconut and pineapple) and for a after dinner drink my dad and i had the brandy (so mad i forgot the name but i will find out). So after all that food Barriga llena, Corazon contento. And to make it all better the live Son music was great!!!
I live right by this restaurant and have visited a few times but felt compelled to review my last visit. I came to the restaurant with a friend of mine on a Saturday afternoon about 4:30pm. We had reservations, but the several hostesses still had us wait to be seated for a while (the restaurant was not full at all). We were seated with a gorgeous city view and immediately had waiter service arrive. I appreciate attentive service so I was pleased. However, the waiter proceeded to come back to the table twice and encourage us to order our dinners as "the kitchen would be getting backed up soon."  I felt as though he was a bit annoyed with our table as well, since he heard me say I just wanted to enjoy some sangria and appetizer before deciding on dinner. (A side note: Both sangria and appetizer -- Brazilian sangria and guacamole with plantain chips -- were delicious and highly recommended.)   His reaction and attitude was unprofessional.  Many of my friends are waiters at formal dining establishments and never treat their customers in this way. I felt like the waiter was trying to turn our table minutes after we even sat down. It was not the kind of feeling I like to have when I visit an upscale restaurant. If I want to eat and run, I visit a diner, not a place where my bill is going to be $200 for two people. Furthermore, we came to the restaurant at 4:30pm, when not even a quarter of the restaurant was full. Another waiter named Nestor saw my unenthusiastic reaction to the first waiter and offered to take over our table and then told us we could take as long as we wanted. He also gave excellent recommendations.  Ask for Nestor if you dine at the restaurant and wish to have a pleasant dining experience. Once the table was taken over by the new waiter, the dining experience improved.  We ordered entrees, dessert and coffees, which were all delicious.  By the way, even with relaxing and not rushing, we were only at the table just over an hour.  We didn't sit at the table after we were finished with dessert and coffee.  We then continued our Saturday at the bar, where the bartender was also excellent and we enjoyed some delicious cocktails. My message to Son Cubano's manager:  I appreciate attentive service but make sure everyone slows it down a bit -- just a little -- so that diners enjoy the experience and not feel rushed.  As I mentioned, I have many close friends who work at restaurants, so I am well aware of dining etiquette.  This was an issue of common courtesy.  (Dining etiquette aside, I believe that any customer should be allowed to sit at a table as long as they want without feeling attitude from their server.)  Other than these things, I have no complaints.
We had dinner this past Saturday (party of 15) at the NJ location for a birthday celebration. Reservations was @ 7pm but we did not get seated until 7:20pm.  I don't understand the delay because the restaurant was very few customers and the table we was going to sit down at wasn't occupied to begin with. Upon sitting down and without having time to at least warm the seats our waiter processed to tell us we must order our drinks, appetizers & entrees by the time he comes back because he needed our table by 9pm.  Really? He did not only say this once, but he came back in 5 mins and said it again. I had the pollo asado with a side order of maduros and my husband had the same dish but with a side order of tostanoes. BTW the many Spanish restaurants I have been to will have plaintains automatically come in a chicken & rice meal but @ this place it  didn't- weird.  The rice was bland and chicken dry. My husband's tostanoes had the garlic & oil dipping sauce but it appeared to me the sauce was watered down. It poured like water and didn't taste the garlic or even oil. My maduros was good. Our meal was not worth the approx. $60 . Plates were snatched as soon as forks and knives were laid down. The waiter decided to clear the table over my husband as he was still eating. My husband had to tell him to please move because his stomach was rubbing against his shoulder. After dinner was settled, the decision was made to continue the party at the bar. I didn't want to displease the birthday girl so I stayed. I strongly feel this place waters down their drink. Why? After having 3 shots, 3 glasses of wine, a coconut mojito and a martini, I was still managing to carry a sober conversation. Now I am not a drinker so this amount of liquor should have had me buzzed but I wasn't.  I was so confident in how unaffected I was, I could driven home. So yes something is going on behind the bar. I have eaten numerous times @ their Son Cubano location in NYC. Hands down it is way a better spot - the food, drinks and service incredible. The view @ the NJ location is gorgeous but it's not enough for me to go back there ever again.
Took my wife there for her birthday . She enjoyed the food, The view is incredible . Overall they have great Service and a great ambiance. The Food was good but a bit on the pricey Side
Jessica at the bar was a doll- food was delish and drinks left nothing to be desired- I felt that if there was any issue they would be happy to right it but we had no issues! Gorgeous place- so lovely-  a definite celebratory spot - go go goooo!!!
I am torn between 3 or 4 stars here because of the terrible service. The food was actually very good and the ambience and vibe was bustling. I thoroughly enjoyed the guacamole (perfect) and the ceviche (amazing). The plantain chips were fresh and cooked perfectly. I also had the chicken with beats which was also very good; it had a dollop of mint chutney on the side - what a great add on! The person that seated us was clueless and rude. The waiter was slow and un friendly. They mandate that you order the apps and entree at the same time as well.
Good was ok. Not bad but not great  service was horrible. Waiter came up and said, "you want some water or something". Mojito was average. In my opinion, the only thing that keeps this place open is the view. If it were in any other location, it would be closed.
I want to love this place. The view is as wonderful, as everyone says. And its beautifully decorated.  And, we get it, its great to impress a date. My husband and I had been there twice, late, just to dance and chill. But the dance area is ridiculously small, and you feel like you are just in the way.  We also went earlier this past Saturday, to hear the advertised "Live salsa band", and they definately left a lot to be desired. I was expecting more authentic salsa, and people actually dancing to it. My husband and I were the ONLY ones that danced. In a corner....trying not to be in the way. And it wasn't exactly salsa music. On this night we had dinner. We both found it bland. The paella was bland, and the "Cuban lasagna" was bland. In fact the Cuban lasagna was really just the paella in a ramiken with cheese on top of it. None of the flavors mentioned in the menu could be tasted. Plus on three different times, a server came to our table and tried to give us food meant for someone else. We could understand it happening once, but three times? And while we still had bread on our table, for some unknown reason the server came over and took our knives and small plates. No more bread and guava butter for us, apparently.  We don't mind paying for good food, good service and ambiance. But here, we felt like we were spending much too much on mediocre food and poor service. We definitely will not eat dinner here again. We may be back for view and music, but we are both hoping to find somewhere we like better.
If you're not interested in reading my full review, I'll save the hassle, GO HERE!! Right on the waterfront, this location is absolutely gorgeous. If you can get a seat by the window, it's totally worth it, grand view of the city. The atmosphere of the restaurant was amazing. Tall ceilings, elegant linens and modestly spaced tables made the place feel very warm, trendy and open. The live band which consisted of a guitar player, percussionist and flutist was out of this world good. The music made my mother in law want to get out of her seat and start dancing the night away. So far so good, and we haven't even gotten to the food. So let's get there. Want something amazing? Get the grilled octopus, in fact get two. I've never had better octopus anywhere, and I order it wherever it's available on the menu. The taste was not just perfect, the texture was like nothing I've had before. Moving on to the soup, I couldn't have been happier. Very creative seasoning left me with nothing left in the bowl. So much so, I was too full to finish my entree. Everyone at the table enjoyed every bite. The only reason I'm giving this place four stars and not five is this. During the meal I got up the use the restroom. At that time the staff (all females) were having some kind of staff meeting. But the staff meeting was taking place in the hallway (and I use the term hallway loosely) next to the mens room... directly next to the mens room. Why not in the kitchen? Or a private room... just strange and slightly awkward. Overall, I would absolutely visit here again!!
The view the view the view.....that is the reason why you visit this place... Service was really poor and food was really short of outstanding...the restaurant is located in a really nice area in west New York and the view to Manhattan is one of the best you can find.  Unfortunately if you are hungry and want supreme service you may not get those two.
Oh Son Cubano...how I would love to hate you and be done with it!  The food...the food...  What can I say? It had me at first bite and the rest is history.  I go to Son Cubano in spite of the ridiculous hostess harem and the inconsistent waitstaff.  The view is nice...if you are seated by the window but practically speaking, you will most likely be seated somewhere in the middle of the restaurant, even when most of the window tables are empty.  Why?  Well, supposedly they are reserved.  Of course my friend and I were there at six and finished by seven thirty, at which time people started coming in...but no matter.  Those tables MUST be kept empty for the seven thirty reservations! Anyhoo, I guess I am a bit bitter... it probably started with my very first visit.  The hostesses (why are there more than one?) are very stuck up and not at all willing to seat you unless your entire party is there.  Yes, at six o'clock on a Sunday when this huge restaurant is less than 10% full. Because...well, they're just not having it.  Even when I explained that my guest was less than 5 minutes away...because they're just not having it. But Son Cubano gets away with it because the food is that good.  The butter, which is infused with something is delicious.  The spinach empanada is delicious.  The churrasco is delicious... OK, pretty much everything I've tried here is delicious, and I've since visited this restaurant many times.  Every damn time the food is delicious...so even though the service continues to be questionable, I still go back. Damn you Son Cubano!
Love the view I went there for dinner and it was great the service the food was good
I have been to Son Cubano a few times and it is a place when I visit I think to myself "why don't I come here more often".  I decided to meet a friend for lunch here today and although it wasn't a perfect sunny day to enjoy the beautiful view we truly enjoyed our lunch,  forget about the view. I had the Cubanos de Camaron y Atun Grilled shrimp & tuna, niccoise olives, red onion, romaine lettuce and Sofrito mayo sandwich which comes with yummy sweet potato fries that is to die for!!!! Our waiter Eduardo treated us like queens, this along with two pitchers of Sangria made this pissed off cabin fever girl  a very happy Cubanita .  Three and a half hours into our lunch the sun finally decided to make an appearance and there was our beautiful New York City skyline!  A wonderful afternoon indeed!
Nice view, beautiful ambiance, and exquisite service.
My brother in law made reservations a few weeks in advance for this place.  Great local with view of the city.  To our surprise there was a limited pre-fix menu for the day.  When my brother in law called to make the reservation they NEVER said anything about the pre-fix menu.  Then he called last week to confirm the reservation and again NEVER was told of the pre-fix menu.  With a party of 10 that included a 3 and 7 y/o child pre-fix would have been a deal breaker if they would of told us.  It was $60 for each adult and $50 for each child pre-fix (which there were no kids options to order).  I was not going to spend $100 on two kids that only eat small portions of chicken and some rice!  Then it was only 4 dishes to pick from which half of the party did not want.  We asked the waiter if there was anyway we can substitute because no one wanted to stay if we were forced to order the pre-fix menu that we were no told of weeks in advance.   The restaurant was half empty (weird for mothers day) which the waiter told us people were leaving because they could not order something else.   He empathized with us but it was out of his control.  I was highly upset and frustrated with the lack of consideration this establishment had for its clientele without given this crucial piece of information ahead of time.  We all ended up leaving not buying a thing (saving at least $600 plus).  Waiting for the valet there were other people that felt the same way. Then it clicked on something I saw when i got there.  A gentleman was asking for his car and the valet told him you just parked.  The man said I know but this isn't going to work and left with his family.  I guess they made a ton on the valet parking since people were just in and out within minutes. Essentially they ruined mothers day for my wife, mother, mother in law and aunt.   No other place would make reservation because it was too late.  What a shame.  I really wanted to like this place.  Been to the one in the city but its close from what i heard.  Big Management FAIL, Executive Chef FAIL, Owner FAIL.
Decor is very nice... great place for views. Food was bad. Not horrible.. but not good. Nothing seemed fresh, it seemed as if they just pulled everything from the fridge, heat it up and put some garnishes on the plate.. I would not recommend this place for dinner.. lunch.. just don't ever eat here. Drinks are good bc of the view and nice little bar... but Food and Service not the best... teenagers run the hosting station, people forget to bring back your bread or small things you ask for.  It's a shame bc the place has the potential to be something more but they need a new menu and fresher food.
Ok so apparently there were not enough mojitos to be sold in Meatpacking District of NYC to justify the lease they negotiated for the space and off to Jersey it is.  Never ate at the NYC locale but heard the quality deteriorated with its trip through the Lincoln Tunnel. It is off River Rd and I can see people flying by the entrance if they do not pay attention so please know that it is tucked in the back of the property along the water making for a nice view of the NYC Skyline. I have no problem paying for quality and their cocktails are certainly that.....quality.  You'll pay for them, but you won't feel like you were cheated.  Go with the vibe and order a Coconut or Mango mojito whether you're there for dinner or drinks with friends.  If you feel like overpaying for Cuban/Spanish cuisine, feel free to get a table and partake in the wide variety of dishes that are undersized and rather uninspired.  Having a few Spanish teammates from college who grew up in the area, i am lucky enough to be shown what quality Cuban/Spanish establishments are without having to force feed a massive check that makes you feel like you were taken. I'm sorry I did not mention any dishes but it is truly because none were memorable enough to recall while writing this review.  A pleasant staff and it's not their fault the prices do not equate themselves with the dishes served.  I will be back, just like I returned to their NYC location, for the mojitos alone.  Take a nice spring/summer/even fall afternoon on the weekend and go for a drink and the view but make your way after a few to one of the many other nice options in the area. ***Wheelchair accessible and friendly staff as previously mentioned***
Want to take a girl out on a date? Dress up a little and take her to this place. I took my fiance here on a date and it was seriously a great experience. The appetizers were very good. You've got to try the octopus. The sauce that it's in is delicious. I had the Chilean Sea Bass for dinner. Very nice, although I thought the appetizers were more enjoyable. The views, atmosphere and service made for a nice experience. I very much enjoyed the light live music in the background. I recommend Son Cubano and will go back!
I've been there at least 10 times and last night was probably the last time they will see me there. Their food used to be delicious but it has been getting worse and worse. It all began at the valet parking when we were advised that to park our car would be 20$ instead of  the normal 10$ (whaaat??) apparently the make of the car matters when it comes to the valet parking.  I ordered there special dish- The Monk fish. I only took a bite: there was literally more sand than fish itself in that bite, and it had a bitter taste. The side dish was lacking simple seasoning and was extremely dry. Sorry Son Cubano I used to love you but there is something you need to change. Don't waste your time and money going there, there are much better places around.
The place has some ok dishes... nothing to call home about. It is uber-noisy so forget about a romantic dinner or first date. Sangria is so-so. Music is REALLY loud. Dance floor opened for dancers earlier than expected. That's a plus for us at the time because we wanted to do some salsa. The place is huge and the view of the Manhattan skyline is gorgeous. It feels as though the restaurant wants to be 4 things at once (upscale dining, group/family dining, bar, music/dance spot) but fails to absolutely excel in any one thing. Needless to say, I won't be dreaming of coming back here eventhough I don't necessarily regret having gone in the first place.
First things first: I'm not a mojito fan. I'm bothered by the mint leaves in it. I don't know why. But almost as soon as I sat at the bar with my friend last night (Wednesday), the super friendly bartender says "mojitos are $5 all night long, ladies", I thought, 'why not?'. So I ordered a coconut. And then another. And if we didn't have to leave (so dang early too, mind you), I would've gotten another. Did I love it? Oh yeah! That was the first mojito I ever really liked! Loved, in this case. I even sipped the mint leaves. I would've loved to have dinner but again, we had to leave, but we did have a couple of apps: Croquetas de Chiv and Masitas. Both delish. I will definitely be back for dinner. And maybe during daylight too---the decor was very nice, but I would've liked to have seen more of it.
Came here last night (table outside for 6) for a girls night out! It's restaurant week in Hudson county and I picked this place via the RW website. FYI, no valet during weekdays. Really nice staff--friendly. We ordered from the pre-fixe menus. Bread came with a guava butter--half the table enjoyed this sweet butter but I didn't care for it. What I had: Guacamole app has a kick to it, tasty and good for 2 people but a little salty for me. Others loved it. Vaca Frita (3-4 inch long slab) was a little too well done but good, and was placed on a bed of taro root mash (so good!!). The perneil ordered by one friend was huge though! Most of us ordered the tres leches with a guava layer on top which was nice and creamy. YUM, but I took the guava off--not a fan. The same friend who ordered the perneil, ordered the flan which I tasted: thicker consistency than expected, coconutty and 8/10 as flans go. I also ordered the libertad mojito--I think they used sugar cane juice vs the less expensive (mango or strawberry) one did not? Ok 4 stars: gorgeous outdoor space overlooking the lovely Hudson River/NYC skyline, friendly staff, great appetizer, good dessert! -1 star: somewhat slower getting our food for a Tuesday, smaller dinner than expected for the $40 prefixe price. With one app, dinner, dessert w/tax and tip my bill was $68. First time here, but I'll be back to try the regular menu on my next trip back home to Jersey!
I am a fan of Son Cubano in the Meatpacking district and figured I'd give this one by the water a try.  It is far larger than the one in the city and beautifully decorated.  Much attention to detail was definitely paid.  We went during happy hour and were happy to get great deals on the mojitos,  I had coconut ones and my friend had mango ones and they were delish, especially at that price.  We had two appetizers from the happy hour menu.  The masitas (pork skewered on top of half an orange) were dry and tasteless.  On the contrary, the Boniato Relleno was perfect.  What an awesome twist on a Papa Rellena.  We stayed for dinner and wish we had not.  I have to say that the Cuban flavors were simply lacking.  I ordered Churrasco, as I often do in Cuban restaurants.  the chimichurri sauce was just not right.  My friend ordered the Zarzuela, a mixtures of seafood, which she seemed to enjoy despite the measly portion.  I just want to add that everything came out in about 8 minutes, which leads me to believe it was sitting under a heat lamp.  Not my idea of made to order food. Go for the drinks- during happy hour of course- and skip dining here if you're looking for good Latin food. P.S.  This place thinks they are in the city with their outrageous prices, in which case they better step it up to city-like food and service.
A good friend took me here for my birthday. For appetizers we had Ceviche de Langosta and Camarones al Ajillo. An awesome start and the shrimp was cooked just right. Then I topped it off with the Pollo Asado. The chicken was extremely juicy and tender and the sauce was incredibly tastey. My friend had the Churrasco which was also great and the Yuka fries that came with it were sooooo on the money. Overall, an extremely elegant place. The staff were great. The waiter was very attentive and on point. The place also turns into a club I believe around 11pm on Saturday and seems to have a nice/regular turn out. Great Place! I will be returning!
How do i begin.....The decor is stunning......that's the best that i can do Dining should be an experience and this is not a place to find the experience, unless you want to only look out a window all night.  Unfortunately, Son Cubano management skipped over the most important part of a successful restaurant having an educated and professional staff and in educated I mean knowledgeable about the wine and food you are serving  and maybe being able to put 2 sentences together without the word "Yo" in the middle...and the ladies at the coat check maybe should dress more and pay attention to the patrons not treat it as a high school dance
We enjoyed this overpriced meal despite the level of expectation we foodies/restaurant employees had.... We ordered: Lobster ceviche ($16 for whaaaaat??), cheese plate (really good), brazilian mango shrimp (luke warm, but tasty), en salade churassco (luke warm meat on salad), dessert - tres leche, churros.   Attentive service - menu knowledge needs sharpening. The mojitos are TINY.  i coulda had 18. If i can grip the entire circumference of the glass with my hand, that's a problem. maybe i have big hands? this place is swanky.
I have been here once and honestly I won't go back . Food is nothing special, presentation either, although the receipts are not bad at all... but when it's time to realize concretely ... then it's a complete disappoint considering my expectations. The place itself is nice, gorgeous view but that's the only positive thing about this Son Cubano.
Beautiful view but the food is so opposite, this kind of place that you want to go for a drink
Ambience, location, decor gets 5 stars Food gets 3 stars Music 4 stars Have been to Son Cubano on a few occasions. Twice for dinner and once for bar and dancing. Beautiful place for music, drinks and maybe a date. If you are seeking true Cuban food, dont waste your time. The dishes are not worth the money. The wait staff was ok. Not sure if there were new bussers or if they were just sloppy but as the staff cleaned two tables nearby, They dropped silverware, candles and wine glasses a few times and big chunks of glass literally hit our toes twice. Beautiful place! Great location! Food just OK good to go for drinks at the bar and dancing after 11 because they have good music and drinks.
I like this place for the following reasons.......really sharp and crisp decor, lots of beautiful people frolicking on the dance floor to some very spicy latin music. The venue is very tastefully designed, clean modern look, overall very aesthetically pleasing. The view by the water is also very inviting and nice to catch a breeze when things get too hot on the dance floor and boy does it heat up often in there. I came a little early on a Saturday night like 9ish and it was packed with lots of people enjoying dinner before tables are moved and the dance floor goes into effect. I'll enjoy a meal here soon and update my review accordingly.
This is a restaurant you come to for the view and the ambiance; the food is just OK, but not exceptional. I dined with my family on a Sunday evening and we enjoyed sitting inside and being able to watch the sunset in NYC from across the Hudson.  The restaurant is right on the water, with a beautiful, unobstructed view.  I can imagine this place is even better in the summer because there is a large patio outside as well. In addition to a great view, the restaurant is a glamorous open space with modern touches.  There was a live band playing relaxing Latin American style music throughout the evening. For food, we enjoyed the lobster mango ceviche, which was very juicy and had some good chunks of lobster; this was probably my favorite dish of the evening.  For dinner, I split the Paella for two amongst three people and this was more than enough food.  There was a good variety of seafood (lobster, mussels, shrimp, scallops) as well as chicken and sausage, however we were disappointed that the seafood was all a bit overcooked and slightly tough.  The Paella was overall enjoyable, but nothing noteworthy.  My husband ordered the Arroz Imperial which was an interesting dish because it was like a variation on mac and cheese, with rice instead of macaroni.  The rice was mixed with chicken, cheese and seasoning, and was served in a gratin dish dripping with baked cheese; my husband thought the dish was just alright. All in all, I would come back to enjoy some drinks and appetizers on a nice summer evening.  Or, maybe to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the music inside.  This would also be a nice date spot because of the ambiance.
Classic ambience, flavorful food. What a nice restaurant by the river! It makes a perfect wedding venue. I will definitely come again.
So I live down the street from this place and have been here several times for food and drinks and just drinks some nights. I read some of the recent reviews and the poor raters are clearly missing something.  The place is one the best restaurants in the area for the view of NYC.  The decor is trendy and upscale that invites you in for a very cool experience from the huge chandeliers hanging down, to the cool blue lighting over the bars, and great interior color selections. The food is excellent and well prepared - you must try the skirt steak as its one of the best I have experienced in a long while. The live music is a great touch.  The circular bar with blue light in the chandelier is very impressive as well as the large window views of the Manhattan skyline. Overall its an excellent experience.   The downside may be the prices tend to be on the expensive side, the service is a hit or miss on customer expectation, and reservations as well as parking are a pain.  However, think about it - if the place is busy its gotta be worth a try to experience it for yourself and form your own opinion.  And lastly, Sabor down the street is on par overall, except it lacks the upscale trendy factor that makes Son Cubano feel more exclusive.
Definitely not the best version of Cuban food I've had but worth going at least once if you are in the area. I ordered seafood Paella and also tried the Ropa Vieja which was not tender at all. Good flavor though. It was seafood paella but for some reason I found chicken breast on the bottom. It was made with parbroiled rice; a big no no for paella. The restaurant is beautiful with nice ambiance and music. VIP view of NYC skyline
Came here for dinner on a Friday night. We were seated right away and I must say this place is right up my alley. Classy, upscale and fun. Loved the layout and the crowd. Our waiter was very informative -- in fact we couldn't get him to stop talking --  he was volunteering information that we neither asked for nor needed, but an all round chill guy. I had the seafood paella and even found some chicken in there, but I didn't mind. One of our drinks were mixed up, but the alternative tasted yummy so again no complaint. I think the ambience put us in a happy mood. All in all great place, great food, great drinks and great ambience!
Son Cubano is an experience in a restaurant going through an identity crisis.  It wants to be all things cool, glam, and sexy, but it doesn't seem to understand the core of its business is being a restaurant. Last night's experience felt like being invited in to a luxe lounge where food was a totally secondary thought.  The overall experience was a disconnect.   Having read Yelp reviews, my friend and I were wary about the food, but were seeking more small bites and drinks, so ordered some apps and a bottle of wine.  While the food appeared in a timely manner, it took us over 30 minutes just to order the wine, and another 15 minutes before it actually came.  The first hour of our evening there was an experience in trying to flag down any waiter at all just to get a status check on whether or not we could order.   The wine list in general is fairly priced, but not very well curated.  Further, the waiters should be somewhat versed in what the selection is.  It was apparent that the waitstaff didn't have strong knowledge of the food and drinks.   The food was meh, priced pretentiously, and came in small portions.  Ordered Guac (2/5), Garlic Shrimp (3/5), and Empanadas (3/5).   I've never spoken to a manager about the poor service but last night was pretty terrible.  Son Cubano has potential, but needs to reshift its focus on delivering solid food and service rather than on the superficial elements.
This is a review of Son Cubano from this past Mother's Day 2013 but haven't been able to post it until now. My husband and I are actual residents of Port Imperial, so Son Cubano is literally a minute walk away from our apartment. So I made a Mother's Day reservation about a week and a half prior to the day. But as I checked in, the hostess told me that she couldn't find the reservation. I felt embarassed because all of the hostesses looked at me as if I didn't make a reservation and thought I was making it up. Earlier that week on the phone, someone called me from the restaurant to tell me that I was all set for a party of 4 with a "special" table because I told them my mom had not been here before. They still sat me, but I knew I was in the "regular" part of the restaurant because I was very far from the main dining room and I told them specifically when I made the reservation to please seat me in a nice part of the restaurant since this was a very special Mother's Day brunch for my family and I. I'm sitting here now and so far the service is good with our food and orders, but the experience of being questioned there in the beginning was so off-putting. Come to think of it, honestly, the food here is really overpriced. It's not THE best cuban food in the whole world or anything, but it's not the worst either. It's just OK. Just OVERPRICED. But if you feel like you need to be "seen" and be in this kind of atmosphere where people come to dress to impress and wine and dine, then this is the place for you. Me? Naw, I'm more of a laid back diner, although I can appreciate fine dining from time to time. Conclusion: You can probably find me the PF Changs just down Ave at Port Imperial before you see me at Son Cubano again.
This place has definitely the attraction, and ambiance that spurs up a crowd. The music was wonderful. However there was the wait the should of not had been that much of an issue when reservation was already made. So finally we sat and the service begun. We got our drinks, all good. We got our appetizers , all good. Then we was asked to order our main course... We did so according to the listed choice of which mine was rotisserie chicken over yellow rice and spinach with veggies. So what's the problem, I get my main course and it came with no yellow rice and mind you not a single serving of beans. Now I find that odd because this is a Latin restaurant and with the serving of an American dish. Here's another, my friends order shrimp over cilantro mash.. What did they get, A rubber band like jumbo shrimp and over NOTHING!!!!! It taste like shit!!!! Meaning cardboard . Horrible !!!! Than when we had ask about the order and the waiter says that they didn't have any of the choice listed so they improvised. Oh we got the mash alright, a fucked up mush of a standing still potato the was probably thrown into the microwave and with a leaf of a romain lettuce that was probably recycled from the garbage. Well I can keep on going with this shitty food service!!!!, some of you will read this and ignore my warning! Well you'll go any see for yourself. As for you none Latin people who might give this place a five star have your younger check out because it lacks the taste buds of real authentic Latin food this place has no clue of, So if you want to Check out and better Son Cubano go to there location in NYC.
The decor and view are amazing here. Unfortunately, that's about all I can say about this upscale Cuban place. They should have invested in an authentic Cuban chef, who cares about the food. It's mediocre at best.  We had the ropa vieja which was chewy and not authentic at all.   And please don't make sangria...at $35 a pop...with barely any alcohol in it. I expect to be falling out of my chair inebriated with a location like this and drink charges like that!! If you like pretentious, then you'd like this place, but anybody expecting real Cuban food will be very disappointed. I will say the service was nice and the 4 piece band playing was enjoyable.
This place reminds me of Miami. Well, I've never actually been to Miami but it's what I envision Miami to be like.   You pull up and have someone valet your car (TIP: or you make a right turn right after you turn off the main road, and park for free behind the super market. According to Son Cubano's staff your car won't be in danger of being towed. Indeed, my car was safely sitting there later that night).   The place stands on the edge of the Hudson River, literally overlooking the water. It's inside is dark with some fluorescent colors, tall ceilings, and floor-to-ceiling windows that award you a spectacular view of the glimmering Manhattan skyline.  The place is a restaurant that turns into a club/lounge later into the night, and the DJ blasts a mix of salsa, merengue, and reggaeton, along with some hip hop. If you're looking for a Latin experience, this is your place.   Anyway, I've been here twice. So I'm not an expert. The first time was early summer and the place was packed (and there was some real nice looking ladies, fellas).   My second time here was late November.  A good friend of mine swears by this place. So his girl surprised him with a party here on his birthday.  We had a great time, and enjoyed some great food and drink, and managed to actually surprise him (the marveling expression on his face was priceless).  I didn't eat but everyone who did enjoyed their food, for what that's worth. We were rolling maybe 25 people strong and it felt like we owned the place... because other than us, the place was virtually empty.   The dance floor shown like an empty runway, and a few stragglers sat at the bar.  I don't know what that was about, but the stark difference between the two times I was there definitely had me perplexed.   Things livened up a bit once some guys in our group launched a Michael Jackson dance off. It's a place worth checking out, but I'd speculate it might be more popular during the summer.
I'm a fan of this place! the live music is more then often great, the food is alright too. They place it nice on the plate but i have not really been blowed away  with the cubano spices nor the staff. They do their work and i think they could make a better effort in pleasing their customers. Let's say check up once in a while asking if they want more to drink. But the place is nice, so is the ambiance! And once again, the music nails it every time!!
Don't plan on going back any time soon. Every time I get here there all of a sudden isn't any more valet parking. Walk inside the place and it not even at half capacity. We payed more than $100 each for a prefix menu with premium open bar and our server had no clue. I only had three drinks because the server took forever. We would order drinks for the group of six and he would come back with three. Then we had a boy around six years old harassing our table, grabbing our candles jumping around which at first was cute, but then got annoying and neither the parent or the staff did anything to remove him. We went to the bathroom and the ladies room was covered in vomit. Totally bad experience. The food was decent but not out of this world. Third time there... will not be going back.
Being of cuban descent and spoiled by a mom who's a culinary (Cuban/Mediterranean cooking) genius, After reading some of the reviews I was expecting a mediocre experience, 1st the atmosphere is very nice, the bartender was knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating to the first 7 of us (a party of 11) the seating for such a large group is never an easy thing and with the sofa/couches seating I had no issues but a couple of my party where off set by it, The staff again being very accommodating  moved our seats and we settled in with the other 4 of our party arriving. The Hostess was knowledgeable and patient, we placed our orders appetizers, a few drinks and a while later the entree, the food came out perfectly timed the presentations outstanding, the flavors and portions much like you would find in a Fonda of Old Habana, Pinar Del Rio, Cienfuegos, Las Tunas or Villa Clara with some culinary flare. I would have given it 5 stars but I have yet really find in my travels a 5 start restaurant so they get a 4+. I am now a fan, I will return and enjoy another of those dishes on their menu.
I have very mixed feelings about this place. While this area and restaurant are beautiful, I love the NYC views, it just doesn't quite fit in with the b&j, a&p and other businesses in the area. It seems like it should be freestanding, or in the city. While I have spent many hours in port imperial over the years, I never realized this was there! Or that it gets so DAGGUM CROWDED!!! No parking anywhere and although I was wearing killer heels, I am too cheap to valet my car. After parking a million miles away and walking for years, I finally reach the front entrance. So crowded I couldn't even see my friends I was meeting. I mean this was a Friday night at 8:30 but DANG! I was with a huge group of girls but luckily (so we thought!!!) my friend had thought to make reservations earlier that day. We arrive and say the name are told about 20 min and head to the back bar for a drink. We stay back there awhile then nominate a friend to go check on our table. Nope ANOTHER 20 min! OK, I guess..... it is crowded. Wait another 20, then we all head to the front. I could keep going and going but to make a long story short we waited an hour and a half for our reservation! I could understand if this was a hot restaurant in the city, but I mean we are in West New York NJ for heavens sake. Get your act together people. Did I mention I was with HOT girls, with connections. NY Giants football player connections. Got us nowhere. :( One we sat down everything started to be OK. The menu is nice, everyone was very happy with their order. The sangria was delish and I ordered the guac and plantain chips having eaten dinner already (thank goodness I did because otherwise I would have fainted from hunger and exhaustion). The guac was bangin! They put some crazy stuff in there but it all worked. I want the recipe. The music was playing and my friends and I got up to dance. It was fun and there was a bachelorette party there so plenty of ladies shakin their groove thangs. I wish they had cleared out a larger area so people didn't have to cram so close in half a hallway but we made the best of it. Overall, my girlfriends and I had a great night out once we actually had our table but the service is just so slow I don't know if we will return. Next time we will probably go somewhere in the city with better public transportation so we don't have to drive!
I must say it was hard rating this place. I really give it  a 3.5 stars. First visit was not horrible. I had the Mango shrimp which was a bit too sweet for my tasting. I had the Coconut Mojito and that was good. I decided to give it another shot... Second visit was a really nice. I had the Pollo relleno con arroz de cilantro and I don't know if I was starving, but it was good (maybe they changed the chef?). I stuck to the Sangria which was ok. I must say the place is really nice and good atmosphere, but  a bit pricey... however, I'd go again. :)
I've only been here once and it was for a work holiday party so we had a private room with open bar, dj, and buffet line.  The restaurant is absolutely beautiful!  And the view can't be beat.  Drinks were good and food was just okay (but it was a buffet so I can't judge their regular food).  I plan on coming back in the warmer weather and taking advantage of their great patio.  If the food is better than the buffet, and I'm sure it will be, then this place will get a fourth star.
Went here with three other friends to celebrate one of there birthdays. As soon as we pulled up in front of the restaurant valet was here to open all of our doors & assist us inside the resturant (FYI valet is only $5!!!!), when we got in the restaurant we informed them we were about 30 min late to our 8pm reservation, they said it was no problem and we were seated immediately. We had to have had the best seats in the entire restaurant the floor to ceiling window view of the Hudson River skyline which is beautiful at night. Our server phillandre (maybe butchering his name) was very polite & explained what each entree was. Being that we came an hour before closing the manager informed us that one of the entrees we ordered was unavalible but suggested another entree the chef also came out to explain that they didn't have what we ordered but told us we would enjoy the other options and offered to make us a special plate. After we ate our waiter came and told us even tho the restuarnt will be closed we can stay and chat on the outside patio or even stay inside the restaurant. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for somewhere classy and ethnic.
Very fun, energetic place! The night we went there was live music and the place was very busy. We really liked the food and overall had a great time.
Can anyone say BOOOOOOJJJEEEYYYYY???  LOL!!!  Went to Son Cubano for my homegirl's birthday and had a really, really nice time.  This place is really beautiful.  Love the chandelier's and the ambiance.  The view of the Hudson river and the Manhattan skyline was just absolutely AH-MAY-ZING!!  That's probably what would get me back to that place....the view.  Son Cubano is definitely not good to bring the kiddy's for dinner, but I heard lunch was nice for them.  The food was pretty good...nothing to get crazy about, but fine.  The Reisling was DELISH!!  The service...aaahhhh, definitely could have been better...I'll chalk it up to them being super busy on a Sat. night...still, they should be used to that and prepared.  The music was awesome!  Anyhow, I would go back, but won't be my first choice.
Based on the reviews, I wouldn't have given Son Cubano a second thought. However, one of my coworkers had gone and raved about it, so I took a chance. I'm glad I did, even though the food wasn't the greatest. I'm a little disappointed that the live band was packing up since I got there for a late dinner, but the decor is beautiful, and the view of the city from the restaurant is gorgeous. I will disclose that my boyfriend says I would eat anywhere on the water, even if they served me a plate of cold french fries. That said, service was good and not snotty, but I could see things getting snotty when it's crowded, but that could be said for almost anywhere. The food itself is not AWESOME, its just okay, and I really like Cuban food. You could get softer ropa vieja (shredded flank steak) in the area but it's not going to be with an atmosphere like Son Cubano has. I think if I returned I'd just got for drinks so I could look out the window, take in the view/decor and not fork over as much cash on sub-par Cuban food.
So I heard alot about Son Cubano but had never been here; although I had been to the one in the Meatpacking district.  Met some friends here on a Friday night for drinks and had a great time.  Didn't have anything to eat so can't comment on the food. My take on Son Cubano is that it's a chic place with a cool vibe that caters to a more upscale crowd.  It's not a real young crowd by any means and you definitely want to dress to impress when you come here. You don't have to worry about parking because they have valet for only $5. As soon as you walk in, you know that you've entered a very trendy place (especially by NJ standards).  The decor is modern chic and the views of NYC are amazing.  It's much bigger than the one that was in the Meatpacking district. Drinks were well made.  I was drinking their ultimate margaritas, which snuck up on me by the end of the night. (lol) If you're into hanging out in a trendy place and don't mind spending some money, this is a very cool place to check out.
Before heading out to Son Cubano, the reviews made me feel like I'd really regret making reservations there. We went nonetheless, and it wasn't as bad as many reviews made it out to be. The ambiance was cool and sexy...the music was entertaining and I think the live band was a nice touch. The Maitre d was a little snobby, but the rest of the service was friendly and watchful. As far as food- the not best Cuban food I've had, but not the worst. The coconut shrimp and empenadas were tasty, and the pernil was very, very good. The appetizer and main course both seemed well-portioned, and we left dinner satisfied and pleased. Overall, I'd go back for a party or get together...seems like it would be a good choice to impress a group with. As for a dining favorite, I would not make it one of mine.
Great for drinks & appetizers, entrees are lackluster. Went for an anniversary dinner, loved the atmosphere, interior in gorgeous, view is amazing. That said, we expected some amazing food and were a bit let down. Drinks were great, can't go wrong with the mojito here. Had the jumbo shrimp appetizer which was amazing, great flavor in the sauce, cooked crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. However, we ordered the steak (don't remember which, churrasco?) and the chicken. Steak was rubbery and flavorless, the chicken was well cooked but also flavorless. Surprising with all the dressings and sauce it was covered in but it was a bit of a let down. Nevertheless, I love the hip, chic atmosphere and would definitely come back for happy hour or just to hang with friends!
Came here had the Pollo A La Plancha. Real good stuff had white rice and beans as well and some sweet  plantains. Coffee Right after, Espresso. I loved the seat we were given it was right by the water. Nice view. Good music. Bar was empty it was still early, so can not comment on that. Bathrooms are clean and look nicely kept.
I love it! I live a minute away and by Far is one of the best places I've been to. Great decor, the food it's good and the service is excellent. Took my grandma there came to visit from Peru and they treated us wonderfully. The manager was professional. Totally the place to go especially when it's nice out!
Delicious food and the sangria is delicious. They didn't overfill your plate so you could actually finish your dish.
The ambience and view are absolutely stunning!! You feel like you've walked into a hot Miami spot when you enter the iron front door.   The food is good but not the best Cuban I've had.  The drinks are a bit overpriced and when I asked the bartender if they used fresh fruit in their mojitos, he said no (I think they use frozen).   I enjoy eating at this restaurant but feel it is overpriced for the quality of the food.
The place is beautiful and the view is breath taking, I can say I've had better Cuban food but overall pleased. Deserts and appetizers were my favorite
Had my engagement party here. They offee great service. Considering it was the day before hurricane sandy they were patient. Thank son cubano for making it memorable time
Well....... Didn't get to try the food. Had 3pm reservation for 9 people. 320pm table not ready and they said they had no idea when the table would be ready. 330pm walked out with my party and my $1,000 spend and went elsewhere!!!
Food was good, people were nice. Seems to be more of a Nightclub. This place racially profiles.   I suggest if you are latino, not to support this place. I had friends and family inside and management did not let me in because of my "sneakers" (which were actually brown, white trim oxfords). After all the hoopla, I get in and I see MANY other "groups" wearing sneakers, work boots, etc. Unfortunate how a spanish restaurant in a spanish community alienates its core.   Take your $200-300 and spend it elsewhere. I will follow up with a letter to WNYs chamber of commerce.
Last night my husband and I went for dinner. The service was very poor !!!! We sat for 20 min waiting for a waiter to offer us some water. Poor service for such a fancy restaurant !!!! Food was bad. You better off going to one of the mom and pops restaurant in West New York. When the manger came over to ask how's the food we told him my short ribs is super dry, he told us he will let the chef know.......we was shock how poorly he took care of the whole situation. We will definitely make sure we will share our horrible experience with all our friends and family.  Spending $180 for a dinner of two and the service and quality of food we received was very disappointing. We paid $10 up front for valet parking and waited 15 min for our car after.
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner on Saturday night. We had a party of 12 in tow and we were ready for a good night. We had a price-fixe menu which gave us an assortment of tapas for the table, an entree, and a dessert. We only had about 5 dinner options and 2 dessert options, but it was all good. The beer, wine, and sangria were free flowing for 2 hours (included in the price). The white sangria was strong as hell...the red was sweet as hell. The waiters brought a nice variety of tapas to the table to start. The Cuban sandwich was probably the best of all of the tapas options. The meals themselves were a bit lacking. Some of the girls complained of too much cheese in their Arroz Imperial (chicken). It looked like a very heavy dish. No one was able to put a dent in theirs. All I saw was rice and stringy cheese. The skirt steak was enjoyed by those who ordered it. I ordered the Sole and if you're looking for a light dish, then this is it. It was steamed fish with a little pesto and steamed vegetables. So for anyone who is heart/fat/calorie conscious, this is the dish for you. Our dessert options were a trio of flan (flans?) or a tres leches cake with a passion fruit twist. Both were quite good. The service started off really slow. We were sitting for at least 15 minutes without water, bread, etc. I started to become concerned. Nothing good ever comes from 12 hungry broads. Luckily the waitstaff stepped it up and they became more attentive. Our total, per person (including tax and tip) was $105. Note: we drank more of the $105 than we ate. The restaurant changed over to a lounge and many people were cutting the rug in what felt like a makeshift dance floor area. It was like an atrium that connected the two dining rooms. It was kind of weird. What was even more weird was that the poor busboys and waiters were tying to make their way through the grinding crowd to the kitchen. They looked panicked as they were carrying large trays of glasses and empty plates through the middle of the "dance floor". The views and the décor at Son Cubano were absolutely gorgeous. That would be reason enough to come here. I would come back, but I wouldn't do so regularly. It was a bit expensive. Much better for special occasions, or just for a drink or two while enjoying the lovely view.
Service, Food, Ambiance....exceeds expectations.  The food lack the wow factor of "cuban petes"....but it was well worth the price.
Maybe I throw out five yelp stars too easily, but I enjoyed my meal at Son Cubano.  We came there at 5pm on a Sunday and selected to eat inside.  The inside, by the windows, and the outdoor seating all present a fantastic view of Manhattan and the Hudson River, with the Verizanno Bridge.  Being early, the ambiance was limited to a handful of people eating in the main room, but it was not empty by any means.  Friendly faces, pretty girls, attentive wait staff, and live music kept us entertained.
Very classy place and the sirloin steak with Carmelized onions was amazing. The music was live and the bar area was very social and accommodating . Had a good Friday night out with friends. Will definitely come back again!
Oh this place is sexy as HELL!  The most beautiful people - classy - civilized but lively and beautiful. Completely worth the ferry from the city....Food was fantastic...Only peeve is the drinks with all the limes ..barely anything in them ultimately but whatever! Music was great  - I would be comfortable here on a date or with friends out together.  It's one of those unique places that get a crowd that "fits" together and really works.  Really love it.
The BF and I stumbled upon this place by accident (we missed the PF Changs exit and were making a uturn)... best mistake ever! Ambiance: Sexy, Miami-like vibe, vibrant chandeliers... sitting on the waterfront overlooking NYC. Doesn't get better than this! Views parallel the Chart House. We have been there couple of times since and there is always a band playing lightly during dinner. Awesome touch! Drinks: Yes, you are looking at NYC prices. However, if you are a malbec drinker (I am) you just scored a jackpot. For $7 per glass they make sure to pour about 1/3 of the bottle each time. So one drink can go a very long way. Food: Their guac and plantains is awesome, also their meat and cheese platter looked scrumptious. Keep in mind that their portions are huge. We ended up splitting a main course and I am glad we did. There is no way I could have finished the ropa vieja on my own. The food is good, its not amazing, but overall satisfying.
I absolutely love this place. The view is incredible, the meats were cooked perfectly. Service was also above par, the live music, and the amount of wait staff, all help bring my experience here to a five star rating. The menu is an unique take on Cuban food--not so typical, but definitely worth trying. I was very surprised by the flavors and freshness of the food. Can't complain about anything but the $13 dollar shots of Grey Goose...lol, we can't say the place is cheap, but a dinner like this is worth paying the $$$.
First the positives. The view of Manhattan is hard to beat. The decor of the restaurant is nice. And the nightly music was good the night I was there. Now the bad. The food is only average at best. The Arroz Imperial was OK. The Currasco skirt steak was ordered medium rare but came more like medium and it was somewhat dry. And last the Paella was dry rather than creamy and the seafood overcooked and more tough than tender. Two dishes that were good were the Ceviche and Yucca french fries.
I went last night and was very disappointed. The food was awful!  Worst yuca I've ever tasted and I love yuca. I've never eaten pernil that was so dry. I also sat at the bar 5 minutes before anyone spoke to me although there were five people behind the bar and most were just standing there or passing by without looking in my direction. The bartender who eventually waited on me was nice enough but simply shrugged his shoulders when I said the yuca was not good. I know good Cuban food and this fell miserably short for a huge price. I do have to say the ambiance is spectacular and plenty of eye candy!
Never ever go theer for a Holiday meal!, they overbook, do not honor reservations, kids runs rampant and you can not have a meal worth of what you are paying for. The place was soo unstructured and kids were  over excited ( some of them with out a place to sit ) that our grand daughter got bitten by another child as she was in the so call " playing area",. Will I go again, most likely not. There are other Cuban restaurants in the county , perhaps with " less ambiance" but more aware of their patrons needs
All music, view, ambience, touristy trap claims aside....from a real foody... THE FOOD WAS PHENOMENAL!!!! Get the pork shank. It was re-damn-diculous
They had me at Lobster eggs Benedict! Beautiful decor, service was very attentive.  Additionally, the attractive views of NYC as the backdrop are worth a trip here for brunch.
Hostesses welcomed us warmly. Ambience is sexy sexy sexy. Very Modern with live band. No dancing though. Food was exellent. Prices were fair.  Gorgeous outside views. Def a special occasion place.
This place ranges from 3-4 *'s for it's nightlife. It really ranges from month to month and can be a blast or a strange crowd. As for the dining, the waiters are the worst ever. I ordered an Osso bucco once and I had a rough time SAWING through it with a steak knife. The waiter dared to tell me that it's supposed to be like that because this style was from a different region than the fall-off-the-bone kind! They have a great octopus appetizer and a couple of other dishes are pretty good but not worth the price - at all.   However, if I were to choose between this place or Sabor, including the atmosphere, I'd choose Son Cubano.
I am so fed up with this place, I'm writing my first yelp review about them! I've dined here once and have ordered take out several times.  Today was the last straw, I will not be ordering from here again.  The one time I dined here, I ordered the 7 Potencias Zarsuela.  The Alaskan crab which is one of the most stand out element of this meal since it's still in it's shell and is a good size in comparison to the bowl it comes in was spoiled.  It smelled rancid and tasted rancid.  For a hefty price of the dish, i expect better quality.  This experience alone ruined my dining experience and have never dined here again.  Tonight, I ordered appetizers for dinner consisting of 1 order of Guacamole, 1 order of Emapanada de Espinaca, and 2 orders of Empanada de Rabo.  I have ordered these dishes in the past and are familiar with portion size and trimmings.  Usually when you order Guacamole, they give you the Guacamole in a small plastic container with the plantain chips in their bigger container.  Tonight, they decided to save on containers and apparently guacamole too because they only put a dollop of it on the bottom.  In addition, the empanada rabo usually comes with mushroom ceviche but there was none of that.  For $50 of guacamole and empanadas, i expect to eat guacamole and empanadas with all the trimmings as listed on their menu.  Not mostly plantain chips and plain empanadas. This place is a rip off, it's never consistent.
You can't listen to everyone here. With that said took my girlfriend out to this restaurant on a Monday (8-26). WAS THE BEST PLACE TO BE AT. There drinks were the best I have tasted at any Latin restaurant, the steak we ordered were to the point, tasted like heaven. The service was superb, very attentive and valet parking was professional. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone willing to go for class A+ Latin food. Not to mention the view was unforgettable. Will return!
Nothing beats the views and skirt steak entrees.  Prices are reasonable for the location and ambiance.  I have been twice once with friends and another with family.  We had better service when I went with my friends.  The last time I went with family the waiter informed us that we need to get our entree orders in immediately and we need to move things along.  We had been sitting for 10 minutes and were waiting for 2 other people out of our party of 9 to arrive.  Things were difficult initially and then they realized that they couldn't rush us out and the service improved drastically.
This place is really classy with beautiful views!  Although I did not eat here, I was told the food is pretty good.  The cosmopolitans here are great...not too strong or too light.  The restaurant consists of booth tables and a big bar in the middle..People come here to dance and the music they play is good!  Will be going again.
I must say this restaurant has a great combination of ambience and cuisine quality. LIVE music is a bonus, wat I mean to say it didn't bother me to have a conversation with my friend being not too far from stage... Dress code is strict, nee place - nice dress up required. Meals had quite a creative presentation, more than I expected from NJ restaurant. Steak was MARVELOUS!!! I recommend...GO THERE! Michael N.
Great drinks! Ive never had a better mixed drink than the Pomegranite Ginger martini in my life. Food was OK - nothing to rave home about. Service and views were AMAZING! Will definitely return...to the bar :)
Although a high protein/carb choice of appetizer/entree I couldn't resist trying the Cuban sandwich followed by the skirt steak, both were amazing the steak was cooked exactly as ordered. I would have given a 4 star rating but my appetizer was served 10 minutes after others and the yucca fries were undercooked for my taste. Mistakes happen, I will return. Nice ambiance and vibe!
I went for dinner with 3 of my friends and we ordered various of the appetizers to split. It was all amazing and very satisfying.  The plaintains with guacamole was delicious.  Also we tried the Masitas and the picadillo and it was soooo good! And of course we had the sandwich cubano and needless to say i was in love! I am very pleased and would prob go again for dinner. Only thing i wasnt thrilled about was my guava mojito, it was very thick and didnt taste all that great.
Try their grilled Octopus and Shrimp Ceviche! They are my favorite. Great view for outdoor seating and good interior decor. The valet parking is 10 dollars so if you can find free parking around the restaurant that save you some bucks.
I have never been to this place. However, this restaurant needs to move the location somewhereelse or at least consider the people living above their loudness every weekend. Seriously, people, who comes to this restaurant or lounge whatever, should be quite down a little bit. Stop yelling. Stop bumping. PLEASE.
Even with a reservation placed a week before and confirmed the days of we had to wait an hour for our tables because we were a party of 10. Their customer service is terrible, from the host (who had no idea how long our tables would take), to the security (who kept trying to push us into a packed bar), to the bartenders (who have no time to make the correct drinks), to the server (who's name we didn't know the entire time we were there until the bill came), to their manager (who just wasn't available to speak to our table). On top of ot all the food was gross. When asked for a medium rare sirloin my friend received a well done sirloin, he asked to get it fixed and minutes later someone else came in and gave him the same steak and said it was the right one. Excuse me but for $48 i deserve the right to get the steak the way I want it cooked. The rice was undercooked so it was hard. The chimichurri sauce taste like garlic only and their sangria is watered down. The only good thing here are the mojitos but then those are $12 for a tiny glass filled with ice and mint, you need at least 5 to get an actual reasonable amount of alcohol. Terrible experience and definitely not coming back! P.S: be prepared to not have a conversation the entire time you're there, the music is so loud you can't even hear yourself think during dinner!
Great place to eat. The location is just breathtaking. The food is not the most authentic but it is very good and the presentation is great. I would highly recommend this place.
I made a reservation for  4 @ 8pm on a Saturday.  We arrived on time however, we  decided to wait the 25-30 mins for a table by the window.  Big mistake.  We wound up waiting an hour.  I asked to see the manager .   When she finally came over she had such an attitude.  When I explained to her that we've been waiting to be seated her response was " well, I only found out 10 mins ago that you were waiting". I had to break down to her that she in the service industry and that as a mgr you should be communicating with the frt desk on the status of people waiting to seated, but seemed that young girls at the desk were too busy taking photo's for people and pulling down their dresses that they couldn't communicate that information to the mgr.   Finally, after being seated an hr later.  I spoke the mgr again and said I noticed that their was a table in back by the window.  She told me that the table in the back was for a party of 6 and that we were a party of 4.  Then she felt the need to tell me I had an attitude.  Again, I had  explain  to her that this is service industry.   The food is mediocre for what their charging, and for all those foodie's out there know real cuban food.  This is not it.  We started off with salads which went back because their was more dressing then salad.  I ordered the fish for the main course and returned it because it was under cooked.  The skirt steak was was bit over cooked and tuff.  The french fries that were so dry a bit hard as if they were sitting under a heat lamp.   I can honestly say we will not be going back....
Pushing/lying during reservations -- Called in to make rvsp for group of 12 for weekday dinner and was told that only prefix menu available for the groups more than 10. And that I had to make selection (food and alcohol) right away so they can prepare it(!) - day in advance. I made rvsp, but then after discussion with my group we decided to call other place which was more than happy to accommodate us. Sent email to Son Cubano about canceling rvsp and got a call back offering a la carte menu..  wtf? --- They already lost me for "romantic evenings" when last summer told that their outdoor service stops at 8pm and we will have to bring drinks inside -- they do advertise that they have "water view outside settings" during summer months. Now they lost me for parties as well. Thankfully there are lots of fine dinning opportunities in the area.   shame.
To start off the place is very nice and chic. I love that you can see the New York skyline and the fact that the valet parking is only $5!! We had reservation for 10:30pm when we got there we still had to wait another 30-40 mins for our table! So my boyfriend and I just stood by the bar waiting. I was looking forward to listening to live music as per all the reviews claim that there is a live band but that was a lie! The food was ok the only thing I would go back for is the guava butter! But over all I don't think I would ever go back.
Awesome view of NYC.  The restaurant is beautiful.  The food is bland, overpriced and so are the drinks. Probably won't go back except to walk along the waterside.
Crap
My first and last experience at this restaurnant was for Mother's Day 2014. Horrible service from a waiter that clearly had no experience. Had to get up and ask for table settings after each course. After taking our order from the Prie Fix menu for appetizer and entree he never returned to our table until dessert time. The food was sub-par and my steak was cold probably because the dishes were already semi prepared. At one point the waiter at another table walked away swearing because he was given a hard time by the customer when the bill came. Bottom line, the restaurant has a great location and the price to eat there certainly reflects that but if I'm going to pay for the atmosphere I prefer if the service will also match the price. A waiter fresh out of high school with no customer service skills or clue how to wait a table is not what I expected. I do not see myself returning here under any circumstance especially since I was so irritated by the lack of service by the end of my meal.
OKAY! First and foremost- this is not exactly traditional cuban food. Its... influenced. It's more like neo-cuban- cuban with a flare! Nothing you'd eat in a normal cuban household. I've been here a few times and I can't say my actual dining experience was anything earth shattering. They're overpriced, the food is "eh". Don't get me wrong, the location is gorgeous, I love the decor! It's very chic! Its definitely a great place to hang out and have a few drinks, but I wouldn't go there if I were actually.. hungry. I was really annoyed by the fact that I needed to show ID to dine in- but I guess they turn into a sort of lounge/night club after 9pm? Whatever. Aside from the irritating ID situation, the staff is reeeeally nice- the wait staff specifically. During the course of my dinner, one of the busboys spilled RED wine all over me, but it was clearly an accident and I couldn't get mad at him. I was wearing a pale blue dress- I was upset, but again(!) it was an accident. After 15 minutes, lots of napkins, club soda and a swarm of servers and busboys who were very helpful (thanks guys!) a manager FINALLY appears. Oh joy! NOT. This guy was a total dick (pardon my colorful language- this is the only title fitting for this.. person). He didn't apologize, he didn't offer me a new table (my seat was soaked with wine). The only thing this guy did right was bring me a replacement glass of vino, and not even, because I had to request it. I guess I shouldn't even credit him for that. I had to ask my server for a new table and a different manager to problem solve with. In the meantime, dick manager offers me dessert, which I kindly declined because at that point I just wanted to finish my food and leave. He brings dessert ANYWAY, and when I remind him that I had declined it he says "No problem I'll take it off the check". HOLUP, HOLUP, HOLUP, WHAT?! Take it off the check!? Why was it on the check to begin with!?!! What in the world would make him think that I'd ever be willing to pay for a consolation that I didn't even ask for!? My God, I'm getting a headache just thinking about this genius. Manager #2 (Mr. Nice guy) made it all better. He kindly discounted my meal, offered to pay for my dry cleaning, apologized for dick manager's dickheaded-ness, and I merrily made my way home. I hate to be a jerk but I'll probably never go back there. I just can't. I hate that I had to make a mini-scene for good service in such a nice place. ugh. And nevermind the completely drunk couple practically having sex at the table next to us- it was completely inappropriate and vomit-inducing. Why the managers would ignore this type of behavior is completely beyond me, but whatever. Eff this place.
We went there for lunch at 2 PM today. We were greeted and seated outside immediately and we saw the waiter at the only other table...but then he left. We were not offered water nor asked if we wanted a drink. After 10 minutes we asked an employee who was entering the building to get our waiter so we could order a drink. A few more minutes went by and still no service so we left
I truly do not understand the draw to any place where I practically have to beg a bartender for attention.  Yes, it's a beautiful restaurant with a beautiful view but COME ON!
The place was ahhhhhhhhh.  Location was good for the yuppie living in the area.  The food was ok but not great.  It was on the same level as PF Changs.  Too expensive for the poor food quality.  The wait staff was below average.  Will not return.
Wow! How Disappointing??? Son Cubano in MePa was pretty good. What happened? The space is beautiful. Thumbs up. But that is about it. It all went downhill the moment we stepped inside. The staff has a chip on their shoulder. I'm sorry if i interupted the hostess conversation. But I waited patiently and they didn't even greet us. Head hostess actually stared us down. But whatever- I'm not here to make friends. I'm with great company and just want a yummy meal. The cuban sandwich was very good. That was about it. The fried pork chunk & Pork belly was just that- fried and no flavor. Completely dried out. The empanadas (oxtail) lacked seasoning. What a shame. By the way, how can a Cuban restaurant be out of rum??? Serious? It's like going to an irish pub and be out beer. Entrees were pretty good. Ropa vieja was tasty. Hubby got the pork shank and that was really good. Watch out for the upselling. Server said it comes with rice and beans and they charged us a side order for it. And the rice is on the salty side. I really, really, really wished the hostesses were friendlier. I would actually come back for a beer and cubano but they were that pretentious and rude.
I've been there twice.  Its always super clean and festive, but I do feel like its pricy.  In either case the food is yummy.  I would recommend for a date night.
Waiters are VERY attentive, appetizer empanada de rabo is great, the steak was ok....
Beautiful place with gorgeous views, unfortunately the food and drinks were nothing to write home about. FYI - If you opt out of valet parking your car will get towed.
Entrees were ok . Sangria was amazin . It was the waiters first day so I feel her was nervous and didn't know much . Went on a busy summer night . Would go back for drinks and view maybe not dinner
A $39 pitcher of sangria?!?!  Really?  Come on folks - let's be real!  I had dinner with friends there on a Friday night.  The food was OK - nothing to write home about.  The waitstaff is on top of you - some might say attentive - I say annoying.  Their goal is to get you in and out as quickly as possible.  When we got the bill we were floored to see that the "special sangria" that the waiter had convinced us to order - without telling us how costly it was - was OK - not worth the money.  Overall - yes the view is pretty spectacular, but not worth the money.  There are plenty of cuban restaurants in Hudson county that are far better - and less wallet-busting as this one.  Lastly, the staff standing around in suits looking like secret service - really?  This place needs to bring it down several notches - focus on the food and less on attitude.
Went there this past weekend for a friends bday party. I have to say the idea of a cuban themed restaurant and lounge is nice, but the execution was horrendous. I usually give 3 detailed points in each review. Here it goes: 1) The location is nice. Great view of the NYC skyline as stated in previous reviews. However thats if you are seated in the room by the water. If not it looks like another joint. Being the location dictates prices, this place is pretty expensive. $20+ an entree. I don't mind paying top dollar, however the food quality was terrible. Salad was partially wilted along with cold steak on top. I also feel the staff is not properly trained to handle large parties of people. Moral is, we had a decent sized group, dinner was 4 hours due to mix ups and delays, quality and service was horrible. 2) Between the fake chests, testosterone loaded men, and employees with CIA earpieces, the place can be a little over stimulating. The environment screamed Elizabeth spanish night club with NYC prices. Don't come here for a quiet dinner with the Mrs.. I also noticed the security was a little over bearing. 6+ guards in suits, all over 6'3 is a little much for the size of the spot, not to mention a police officer stationed at the bar. One guard stood behind our table and watched me eat my dinner. That didn't make me feel too welcome. My question is...why is that even needed? I would also like to note that they have way too many employees working in some areas. It seemed like there was 5-6 hostesses but only 2 waiters for the restaurant. Even it out a bit. 3)The very thing that really had me confused was parking. It was mandatory $10 valet. I understand flashy places have valet, usually you tip them on your way out and everything is good. You had to pay $10 up front, then tip when you left. Thats a little expensive for parking, and if you don't have the cash then what happens? My overall analysis of the place is only 2 stars. I chose that rating because the service was poor along with the food quality. Nice views are good, but don't make up for the entire experience. The prices are expensive for what you get and it is essentially a spanish nightclub. I felt mislead and will not be returning.
Stumbled upon this restaurant on my way to edgewater.  Stellar view and the food is pretty good, the whole ambiance brings together the dining experience and it's located in a cute little outdoor shopping center.  Would definitely return.  There's a live DJ at night so it's very lively.
Incredible. I went to dinner last night and this place is breath taking. From the minute you walk in you are given superb. The food was delicious, the ambience, the drinks and excellent service. I recommend this place to everyone.
Not a fan!!! Waiter was rude, rude, rude! Dinner was just OK, BUT desert was tasty. The view is nice, but the service must be better!!!!! Very noisey ...My ears were killing me at the end of the night.
The view looks great on a clear day. The apps looked amazing so me and my LOVE picked 5 different apps to try, but prior too we ordered their Guacamole del Barrio which never arrived. We waited 45 min and the apps finally made their way out, not to mention waiter ignored us, and didn't bother to bring water to the table. Ceviche de Langosta, canned crab and lobster meat mixed with canned tuna, ERRRR disgusting. Pulpo Encendido, octopus undercooked, overall the food was mediocre, especially for Manhattan prices. Wait staff is clueless and when we called the manager over, he flagged a bus boy to answer any questions we had. Eventually the timid manager came over and addressed our concerns. Maybe some of their dishes are probably good and tasty, but we will never go back to try them.   Cabana, in Forest Hills blows them out the water any day and probably tons of other great restaurants in Manhattan do as well. Not worth the time or money.
Great service, great food and wine.  The waiter read my mind and prepared a birthday cake for the someone special i brought
Went there with the wife for our "Better Late then Never" anniversary dinner.  Pleasantly surprised at the ambiance. I was expecting a yuppyish crowd due to it location but the restaurant was filled with families, older couples and young groups of 20 something's. Service was on point, food was excellent and we were not rushed but like other reviewers stated the waiters were training the bus boys. Overall would definitely go again.
One word sums it up: DISAPPOINTING We live in the area, and had been wanting to try this place out for a while. We picked my birthday dinner as an occasion given the hype surrounding this place. Our experience: STRIKE 1: My wife made reservations 2 days in advance. We called on the day of the reservation to confirm - and guess what? They didn't have our reservation on file. After going back and forth for a while on the phone, they accommodated us with a slot that was convenient. Didn't expect a place with such high standards to loose a reservation! STRIKE 2: We get there on time, they acknowledge our reservation, and we still had to wait about 20 minute to get to our table. We were led to a nice booth, and were pleasantly surprised given that it was only the two of us. That didn't last long - the table had a leaking airconditioning vent right above it. We were told to 'squeeze' into one corner since the rest of the seating was WET! I had water dropping from the vent onto my shirt and head sporadically throughout our meal. UNBELIEVABLE for a place that charges $30 for an entree! STRIKE 3: We ordered the duck spring rolls. When we cut them open to eat, the filling inside was FROZEN. I'm not exaggerating, the filling was literally FROZEN inside. Again, for a place that has so much hype surrounding it, this was totally unexpected, and frankly extremely disappointing. They served us a replacement and comp'd the replacement dish for us - but by that point the experience was already ruined. Conclusion: A lot of hype, scary looking bouncers, fancy club like ambiance. Thats all this place honestly has. Food was mediocre at best, service was slow, and the place reeks of pretentiousness. I'm not going back, and I wouldn't recommend this place either.
This only gets two stars because of the unbelievable view and the upscale incredibly beautiful decor.  We were celebrating our friends birthday and arrived for the 40.00 brunch buffet only to be told the buffet had been eliminated and we needed to order a la carte. Looked at the website that morning and called on Wednesday and the buffet was an option.  The brunch menu was extremely limited and very few of the selections were "cuban".  Really?? What the heck did I come here for if not for the Cuban food?   We place our orders.  I go with pernil cuz damn if imma do cuban Im going for the pork and yuca fries, right?   I have never, NEVA had such a bland piece of pork.  The yuca fries were overfried, dry and tasteless.  They were shoestring fries and everybody knows the deliciousness of yuca fries is their meatiness. You slice them thick like steak fries not thin like cheapo shoestrings.  The pernil had no condiments and tasted as if it had been boiled in water as oppossed to slowly roasted.  Horrible.  The service was lackluster.  We were all served at different times instead of having all of our food come out at the same time.  This might be a stop for drinks and music but skip the food until they get it right.   Needless to say we headed over to Azucar for drinks, ambiance and real yuca fries.
Great food on the menu. I think some of the reviewers are being way too picky. If you want food perfection it is on the next level that you can find in the city and pay over $50 a dish. What trumps it all without a doubt is ambiance. Beautiful space, chandeliers, beautiful bar area. Lively at night. Skyline backdrop. After your meal take a walk outside by the water. Definitely a place to impress guests or a date.
The deco is great, view is perfect, music is also good too...my main dish was not so great, chicken was SOoOo dry!
Worst night ever. Went with family for special night out - got all dressed up. Place looks great and guests look fab. But that's it. Sat down and walked out after waiting 50 minutes for drinks. Have never had such bad service ever. First time walking out of a place.
Horrible  experience here! The hostess was a dumb snob that doesn't know how to accommodate customers. As for the waiters and bus boys, terrible service. The food was mediocre, definitely not worth it. Aside from the ambiance, this place isn't worth a dime just like the staff. Never again!
Beautiful setting and views.  Service was fine.  Food is good (I had the ropa vieja) but very over priced for the quality.  Unlikely we'll be back.
Eating in is good, but don't get it to go or make a larch order to pick up. Food was dry and our orders were messed up. Again though, eating at the restaurant is a whole world different. It has a great atmosphere and the food is good. But once more, don't order it to pick up. Terrible experience.
Have been here twice so far. The first time was just to get drinks and appetizers with friends at the bar. The bar tender was very friendly, and the specialty drinks were very good. The appetizers were also good, but way too expensive for the portions that they give. And the views are AMAZING! The second time was for dinner. Didn't make reservations, but it was the middle of the week so they had plenty of open tables around 7pm. Dinner was nothing great, I personally prefer Rebecca's in Edgewater.
Ok I'm going try to keep this review as short as I can. The place is beautiful no doubt  about that the the food is the worst food I ever ate this is far from Spanish food the food was bland! Over priced I order the ropa vieja for 21 dollars it was just sauce hardly meat on it. Also order the Masitas and tgat was 10 bucks for 7 pieces. Also order a t bone steak with butter lemon sauce that was 40 bucks with  no side order! I got to tostones was 5 for 5 bucks wtf and a small size white rice about half of cup 5 bucks. Now to the dessert 10 bucks for small piece of 3 leche cake that's was ok and 10 bucks for coconut sorbet. Also want to point out that our waiter was standing next to us must of the time like watching us eat very  uncomfortable.over all my one star is for the place it's beautiful that's all!!!
The restaurant is very elegant with great views and walkways around. The soup, guacamole, and chocolate cake (too die for, seriously) were well worth it. Unfortunately, the pulled pork was way way too lemony and completely covered up  the taste of the pork, mash potatoes, and black beans. We would go back again, but if the entrees are over seasoned again, it won't be worth it.
The view is worth the premium prices, the drinks are not. We waited a long time for Son Cubano to arrive to the neighborhood and the experience was worth the wait. They have done alot to try to bring the city to NJ with the valet parking, dress code, live music, beautiful decor, and prices. We have been 3 times so far and I've always left full and content. Authentic Cuban flavored and the skirt steak is amazing. The stewed pork shank was the best server recommendation of the night. Great night out if your looking for more than just a night out for dinner.
This post is being written after the 2 times that I have eaten dinner in this restaurant. 1st time I went with my husband for our anniversary the food was good reasonable on price due to the beautiful space & friendly service. The second time that we went which was last week was with a party of 8. We took a beautiful Cannoli Cake that Cost $40.00 Son Cubano Charged us $28.00 Just to cut the cake.  Total Downer After paying a bill of $550.00 Dollars .  They then charged our debit card three times $550.00 ($1650.00) which they held on the account for 4 Days after .  So over all the Food was great Goat Cheese balls, Corvina, OX tail empanadas , but the other stuff was uncalled for!
Great atmosphere. Bar scene. Dining room has very sexy appeal. Unfortunately the food does not taste as good as its plated/presented. Been here quite a few times already and I always try to think it'll be better "next time". Creative menu however lacks any type of flavors of traditional cuban cuisine. The Bar scene and drinks however are great (with the exception of "out of towners" going there for a BIG night out), though if you are looking for good cuban food, go somewhere up the hill in Union City, North Bergen etc.....
Great looking place - excellent decor and views - but that's where it ends.  The food was ok the first time I went but on my second trip had to endure the worst churrasco I've ever had - and at $30.00.  Will probably never return.
Husband and I came here for the 1st time for Sunday Brunch, as we were in the mood for latin food. I read mixed reviews about the food, so I didn't have high expectations.   When we first walked in, we felt very under-dressed in sweaters and jeans.  We didn't know it was so fancy, but its only Brunch and we're in NJ, so we didn't feel bad. The view of the waterfront on a sunny day made the ambiance very nice.    They had a brunch menu which was limited but we were also allowed to order from their regular menu.    I ordered the Lechoncito with sweet plantains and Husband ordered two apps - Cuban sandwich and Guacamole with plantain chips, as well as a passion fruit mojito.     The lechon was surprisingly very flavorful, moist and the serving was plentiful.  The only negative was that it was missing the crispy skin, which is a MUST in my book.    The cuban sandwich was also nice with real roast pork, ham, and pickles.  Husband loved the guacamole, but I thought it was very garlicky.  All in all, we enjoyed our meal and experience here.  The service was friendly and accommodating as well.  The total was around $50 which is a bit pricey, for brunch, but  we're the type of ppl who only like to spend $30 for a good meal which is totally doable in NJ.
First off, definitely not authentic Cuban food (I am Cuban so I can say this confidently). Second off, overpriced subpar food. Third, I literally puked my brains out a few hours after having dinner here. I ordered 2 Mojitos, Masitas, and the skirt steak.The steak was so chewy I almost choked a few times.I definitely think I was food poisoned and it was the steak. Needless to say beautiful location and setting, but never overpaying to be food poisoned AGAIN!!!!
What a scene.. and in NJ!? (and I'm from NJ).  It was a beautiful Friday evening so we sat outside overlooking the city, which was a spectacular view.  Service was horrendous - our waitress, though sweet and all, wasn't familiar with the menu, apologized numerous times for late drinks, and couldn't get our bread to come after nearly 5 asks.  Drinks were miniscule (at $12 a pop).  I will say the appetizer special (shrimp on a yuca cake) was fantastic - beyond that, we were all let down (especially me with the 7 seafood cioppino-like dish).  They also need to improve the lighting - we literally could not see our food or read the menu by the 1 small fake candle at the table.
Perfect date spot. Beautiful view. Excellent service portions weren't too small or too big. ambiance and lighting were perfect live music wasn't too loud. 2 cocktails appetizers 2 plates a bottle of wine and dessert $135 not bad at all definitely going back. Inside it's prettier than outside valet parking only $5.
I liked the place. The appetizers were good, the prices were decent. The view was great. However, the service was not good. I would go back for the ambiance and the they have a live band which I loved. I lived in Miami all my life and there is a big Cuban community. So it felt like I was back home enjoying good food and music. Just dont expect very good service
Took the family for Easter dinner, beautiful decor and the view is fantastic the food is good but very pricey.
Great food. Great service. Beautiful view. Impeccable decor. Short of 5 Stars because I've had better sangria elsewhere. However the Mojitos were delicious.
Great Atmosphere, fresh food.  Highly recommend here when the weather gets better since they have outdoor seating with  a great view of the hudson.  Although it might get annoying when there's traffic since the cars detract from the view.
If I was basing my review solely on food I would say 3-3.5 stars but I have to include decor, atmosphere and location and I'm adding a star just for that.  Great views of Manhattan and cool modern decor inside and live music on weekends.  I truly feel my review might be biased because right before we ate dinner, we go engaged and I was in serious shock and awe.  The food was good not great or outstanding but worth the trip.  The empanada's were tasty and good, and the ropa vieja wasn't bad but I must say I'm a novice with Cuban food. My fiance had the skirt steak and he liked it. I wasn't too impressed with the mojito.  I have had better at other places. All in all a great night and Son Cubano will always be memorable to us.
Here's the deal. On a drizzly, dreary night last Thursday, around 8pm, three guys in a car were looking for a place to have a business talk. We left Manhattan and went to the driver's old hood in Edgewater, New Jersey. He had eaten at Son Cubano in the Village and expected to have another good experience. We hit the pavement - a valet parked the car and his co-worker walked us in with an umbrella. I said to myself, "self -WT$$$???"   Inside, we found an expansive, elegant interior with a picturesque view of the New York City skyline framed by seemingly paneless windows.The staff acted in concert: they were attentive without being intrusive - they were preparing us for food-heaven. Our meals were sumptuous and memorable. The service, the ambiance, and the view are hard to beat. This spot is upscale so it's a little pricey - but who cares? It's worth it! The staff let us stay and talk for a while after we were done. Of course, it was a slow Thursday night, so maybe that's why. I plan on returniing soon with some other friends - as soon as I can commandeer a car! CT/Flava
Not worth the price. Food is way over priced and not good.The staff has no clue what is going on and they messed up every portion of our night. After speaking with the condescending manager we decided to leave and never go back. Bottom line the food and service isn't worth the hefty price tag.
In 3 words = beautiful, Delicious, expensive. I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Son Cubano in NJ. Wonderful ambiance and very lush with giant chandeliers and lovely blue banquettes. With a large round welcoming bar, it is a lovely place to enjoy a special meal. Prices are high due to their location right on the NJ waterfront with that awesome NY view. Their apps are really good - great ham croquettas, guacamole with plantain chips served very elegantly. The churrasco was OK served with pretty ordinary rice and black beans. For dessert, the flan was good but the tres leches was better. The drinks were very expensive - a Bacardi & Diet Coke and a cosmo was $27. I haven't been able to determine if they have a happy hour but if they did, I would return. If not, it would have to be a special occasion to go back.
I went here with my wife, my parents and mother in law to this place. I had a bad experience all around. First of all, when I drove up to the valet,  they interrogated me asking if I had a reservation. I didn't know if it was under my mother's or father's name, so luckily my father's car was behind me and I pointed to them. We were then seated for 15 minutes with no one paying attention to us. Then we got a waiter who probably was the worst waiter I've ever seen. He ignored us most of the time. We waited about 35 minutes for drinks and appetizers. We didn't receive our entrees for about hour and 15 minutes. The food was good, but most of our dishes were lukewarm. We did not feel like sending it back for fear of how long it would've taken them to come back. Dessert menus were then thrown onto the table and were up-sold on the dessert. We actually were interested in getting dessert, but again, it was another 25 minutes to even see the waiter again. After complaining to our waiter and getting management involved,  they did take some charges off the bill.  There was also a wedding going on inside, but there was a dedicated staff handling regular customers outside. Other tables were getting served before us despite arriving after us. All in all, we sat there for over two hours and that was inexcusable.  I am never coming again.
SON CUBANO brings the South Beach, Miami flavor to the NJ/NYC area. I will say that even though I don't come here for the food (because it's hella expensive), it still has a great vibe on a early Friday or Saturday evening. At times there is live music played and also a DJ, and if you are a local you may spot a familiar face and the crowd is definitely on the 30+ side (just a little FYI to the 21+ crowd). The drinks are fairly priced but trying the mojitos is a must. You only really need to do 2 things, put on your favorite wardrobe bring a date or a friend... And be considerate to the residents lol
Awesome place. Just go visit! It will be with it from the hostess to the bus staff! The food was great and the view of Manhattan was breathtaking. This saved my partners birthday!
Let me start from the reservations. The girl taking the reservation should not be in customer service; her attitude stinks. Sorry. I was so close to cancelling my birthday dinner and move it somewhere else because of her. I have never been to a restaurant where you can not book a party of more than 9 people without getting a very limited and expensive pre-fix menu. You also could not get a guaranteed table with a view even if you called weeks ahead of time. Anyway, my curiousity got the best of me and they let me have "Absolutely no more than 10 people", so I limited my invite list and went this past Friday. So, the bad customer service continues....we won't be seated until the WHOLE party showed up, so of course we were a little late; 8:30 turned into 8:50 because a couple was late. And we were given a table in the front bar room. When I mention that I really wanted and request a table by the window the hostess said, "maybe if you got here on time we could've had a table for you, now it's gonna be an hour and a half wait". Are you F-en kidding me!? (sorry) They are so lucky their atmosphere, drinks, and food was good, otherwise they would get 1 star! And it was my Bday, so there was no way they were ruining it! The drinks were strong; esp the mojitos were great! And the food was a good portion and flavorful. Prices for entrees were $20-$35, not bad at all. The atmosphere is why they are still in business though. The place is grand and beautiful! The music is great too! Good spot for special occassion; for 10 people or less, of course, or a romantic dinner. Maybe they can guarantee a view for a couple. I would give them another shot. Probably just go back for drinks at the round bar next time.
Been to the NYC location and loved it. So excited to hear one was opening in NJ (parking, yay!). Number one thing about the place is its beautiful inside and out. The view of NY is big plus. We had reservations on a Friday and waited an hour. So we sat at the the first bar ( there are two) for drinks. Drinks are expensive ($12 for their miami blue concoction), but heavily liqoured up. We finally got our table, sat down and ordered more drinks and food. We were familiar with the menu from the NY location. Our server was very nice. Food is presented artfully and good, but over priced. We ate & drank some more, then moved on to the 2nd bar in the rear, with the better view of NYC. They have ice buckets ready at most tables, but bottles are WAY overpriced. $350 for a bottle of Malibu. That's ridiculous. We stuck to some drinks and danced on their very small dance area. DJ played pretty good music. Over all we had a great time and paid a pretty penny. Valet parking is available, but look for parking, we got found one. If your going for a good time with drinks, this is nice spot. But remember, it's pricey. Go in a big group, split the bill and enjoy.
I was quite disappointed when Son Cubano left the meatpacking district, however, a friend of mine lives close by in New Jersey and she recommended this place. I never ate anything more than appetizers and salads in the Son Cubano in NYC and did so here, so was not disappointed and you cannot go wrong drinking their Mojitios; they are fabulous.  The view is amazing and sometimes it's nice to step out of the city once in a while.
The ambiance and view is beautiful and parking is easy. Its a dress to impress kind of place (so if you find a dress the next time you're shopping and you're wondering where the heck you could wear it.. Son Cubano is the place you've been looking for!) with a good blend of music and large bar areas, it is more sophisticated than any of the places in the neighboring Hoboken area. Its perfect for a night out with friends or a date night.. although it gets busy its not overbearing and you dont have to scream for conversation. Its crowded but the place is big enough that you don't have anyone breathing down your back.
I have been there twice in the last year and will always go back for ggood Cuban fair, drinks and killer NYC skyline views.  The staff is always friendly, oh, and the live music of course creates a nice 1950's Cuban ambiance.  Its always good to get up and dance after a few drinks....
I like this place, nice few of the hudson river. the shank was delicious. succulant. had something imperial with rice and toasted mozarella on top. very good. their desserts goods too.
I had always liked this restaurant since it was in the meatpacking district in the City. Tried NJ first in April and had a great time.. But when I went back for my B-day it was a completely different story. The waiters were rude and the security a little bit pushy.. My guests had to stand near the bar because we tried to reserve VIP seating for all of us and we were told it wasn't true.. that we could reserve for events..We were like 15 people which I think is good business for them , but it seems that you have to know the owner or live there to get good service. I am sorry but I wish my bday was a better experience.
Im giving four stars, which might be a bit generous, maybe 3.5 stars. Went as a party of 6 for a midweek birthday dinner and had a great time. By far, the best feature of this place is the ambiance. The front area looks GREAT. Very miami chic with sexy crescent shaped booths. We ate in the back with a great river view. Not a place for those on a budget and I will say the food is not necessarily fantastic, but I did enjoy the sea bass in vanilla-coconut sauce. Not a great place for those looking for huge portions of traditional cuban food, but a GREAT place for a celebration. Pricey for sure!!
Best thing about Son Cubano in NJ is the live music!!!   And it stops there...the food is average at best!  Can you say OVERPRICED!!!   The wine I buy in a liquor store by me is $5.99....they sell a bottle of it here for $35.00 a bottle.  My suggestion to anyone going there...DON'T!  This is probably my 4th or 5th time too....not being a sucker anymore....go to Havana Dulce in North Bergen 5 minutes away!!!  Food, drink, ambiance are amazing and less than half the price!!!!   Son Cubano in NYC much different aka better!!!!
I can't begin to tell you how much I wanted to LOVE this place.  It's beautiful!  Inside and outside are really spectacular.  I had my daughter's first birthday there last weekend and I was beyond disappointed with the service.  Waiters are not attentive or friendly AT ALL.  There was miscommunication between the catering manager and the staff that I found out at the end of the party. The staff did not know that soda was included in our package, and did not offer drinks to my guests.  The food was ok, not great.  If you're just going for the views and maybe for a drink or two, it's probably nice.  As for a party, I will NOT host there again and would not recommend to any of my friends.
This restaurant is amazing! The food is consistent and fresh. I ordered a shrimp dish and it was delicious. You can't order a bad dish. The live cuban band that plays there is so much fun and the decor of the restaurant is beautiful. The restaurant sits right on the water overlooking the NY skyline and is the most romantic restaurant I've been to. I love it there and can't wait to go again. You would not be disappointed dining here.
I live upstairs and have given this restaurant many chances and they continue to let me down.  The last straw was this past Saturday night when they gave me old oysters.  The oysters had a fowl smell and I couldn't even eat them.  The waiter had no idea where they came from mentioning Colombia one time then mentioning Pennsylvania.   I told him the oysters were bad and he just laughed so I immediately grab my date and left.  I will never ever visit this restaurant again. Luckily I am familiar with oysters and know they have a shelf like or I likely would have had food poisoning.
Took my mom here for a birthday lunch and it was such a waste of time. The food took forever to come out. Gave our order around 1:30pm and the wrong appetizer comes out at 2:20PM. When the right appetizer does come out "empanadas" it was just mediocre. The entrees than took another 30-40 mins to come out and it was such a disappointment. The Yucca fries were hard as rocks. The Paella had one scallop and was kind of mushy. I would never come here again. It sucks that this is the restaurant that's taking up such a nice view. I mean come on, take out from Havana Central is way better than them. What a waste of my time!
We were greeted by the host and the manager was there as well but he didn't even acknowledged us. We were sat in an awkward table by a foundation post, only one of us could get a view of the city. Wouldn't have minded but there were many tables open by the window that never filled during our visit. We sat waited for 15 minutes (without being served not even water) before I had to waive down the manager to sent over a server, which he did with an attitude as if I were bothering him. Server came right away and apologized.We ordered everything at once so we wouldn't have to wait again. Service was fair at best. The food was actually really good. Sides were expensive 14 for rice and beans? The manager didn't even come by again to check on after
Great view and amazing strawberry martini!!! I would recommend ordering the son cubano's famoso pernil.
Very nice restaurant. Excellent views. Nice ambiance. No complaints.
We had our Holiday Party at Son Cubano and it was amazing, the staff is friendly and very helpful. The appetizers are delicious not to mention the Churrasco was phenomenal!!! I will definately be back there with my husband for a romantic dnner. Did I mention it also has a live Band........great place. Highly recommended. Mrs. Toledo
Good place.  Very nice service with good views and fancy-looking decor.  The food options were marginally clever and the place had plenty of space.  I would not choose to go here on a Friday or Saturday, as my impression had me thinking it was a major pick-up scene for middle-aged people.
Location is awesome! Beautiful decor. Food tasteless and service reallllly slow! It would be an awesome place if the food would be better. I won't go again. This is for the owner: if you invested so much money on this place, please get a better chef, here i bet if you pay well you will find many!  Whoever say the food is good there never had caribbean food. It's all about sabor and freshness!
Son Cubano IS NOT AN AUTHENTIC CUBAN PLACE! IT'S FAKE! Because Son Cubano is missing something...oh yeah, the Cuban elements are nowhere to be found. What are the most international recognizable Cuban things: cigars and music. The former...okay wasnt expecting them to have it but the music? Come on, now! And the food was weird, rubberish, without an identity. Im a Cuban American and have been visiting Cuba 2 to 3 times a year since 2009. I went to Son Cubano on a Sat. night ( September 2011) with my date and since 9:50 to 11pm all we heard was a loud noise house music, then Frank Sinatra and Bennet, then Michael Jackson...then the DJ put the music volume all the way up and everyone screamed at once...AWFUL....and then more American singers...I turned them off. Finally some salsa Mark Anthony (he's Portorican) and grupo Niche (they are Colombian) and that was the closest to Cuban music that I got. NO ONE CUBAN SONG in almost 1 1/2hr. At 11:20pm our car service picked us up and I was glad the nightmare was over... Should I review the drinks ? ( Mojito-OVER SWEET) and the food...? (The Alma Sole was strictly GARLIC FLAVOR N LEMON).. NAH!!!  Im gonna stop here... VERY DISSAPOINTED...I'M NOT GOING BACK! Once outside, I SMELL LIKE SEASONING HEAD TO TOE! PS: very cold AC IN HIGH, condescending waiter, loud ambiance, tasteless food, bad taste...in general...from how people dressed to the song choices of the DJ.... :(
The restaurant is beautiful with nice ambiance. Great views of Hudson River and NYC. However you must request reservation in back room that offers the views. We were not aware of this. We were a party of 6 and were seated in a comfortable banquette. The service was not up to par. Had to ask a few times for a waiter to appear for our drink order. Staff seemed to be in training. The cuisine was good not excellent. My husband and I enjoyed our entrees. The rest of our party had some reservations. We would probably give the restaurant another try.
My girlfriend and I went here on Father's day for her birthday so we were stuck with a prix fixe menu, which was fine since we liked many of the items on the menu.  We sat outside and the view of NYC is awesome.  The area is nice and sitting outside, near the water, with some son and a view of the city was great.  You do get to hear a lot of helicopters flying around but what can you do about that. The food was ok.  I had the Masita de Cerdo for my app and it  was good but if you don't like fried pork belly, I would not recommend it.  I do so it was good.  My girlfriends ceviche was great.  It had lobster chunks in a pineapple like sauce. I had the churrasco as my main course with truffle yucca fries.  The yucca fries did not taste like truffles at all which is surprising since truffle oil has such a distinct, strong flavor.  Also, I asked for my beef to be cooked medium, and it came our rare/medium rare.  I feel like most places usually cook it more than you ask but they under cooked it.  I ate it anyway since I was too lazy to have them take it back (plus I always fear that people would spit in my food if I complain, not sure if this is warranted though).  I know this is not a steak restaurant but I hate it when people can't cook beef to what the customer asked for.  There would be no reason to ask if you're not going to cook it right.  My girlfriend's stuffed chicken breasts with steamed yucca sounds boring but was pretty good. We ended with flan and thres leches and both desserts were pretty good. The reason why I gave this place 3 stars is because of the price of the food and the service. The prix fixe was $55 a person and our mojitos were $12 each.  That's fine since I am ok paying for great food.  But I did not think that food was worth $55 (yes, all 3 courses).  I've had better prix fixe meals in the city for $20 less.  The food was good... that's about it. The service was... awkward.  First off, there was couple sitting behind us that already had their appetizer before we sat down.  By the time we finished our entrees, they just received theirs.  They seemed to be really nice to the guy who came out to apologize.  Kudos to them.  Our waiter, when he was actually there, would stand next to us, look at us.... silence... give us a creepy-ish look, then ask, "Do you want something to drink" or "are you ready to order".  And after the initial order, he barely came back.  There was also a guy in a suit walking around, would look at the tables, then walk away.  I guess his job was to see if everything was going ok but never asked anyone anything.  he would just look and walk away.  We were done with our entrees, emptys plates in front of us for a while and suit guy looked at our table and must have thought, "They are fine.  Maybe they want to lick their plates so I will leave them alone." Now I would go back since people have said it was a great place AND it was a great location.  Maybe I'll go back when it's colder and sit inside since it looks nice inside. I would recommend people go and try it out.
Worst service and extremely rude management and wait staff.  Came here for dinner Friday night for a bday celebration. We were seated at 8 and ordered out entrees. We are still sitting there at 10 and still no food or wait staff to explain why the table that was seated after are getting there meals.  Managers were incompetent and afraid to come and explain.  Wait staff were running around like a chicken with his head cut off ignoring patrons.  NEVER go to this restaurant and wast your hard earned money.  This was the most horrific dinning experience I have ever had.  We ended up leaving with empty stomachs and still no manager to apologize.  Please get professional managers and staff to run this establishment.  Such a wast of a nice space along the Hudson.
Easy to book reservations. Food was amazing. Had a steak with mushroom risotto. My husband had a pork dish which was very good too. There was live entertainment, and the drinks were just OK. Would definitely consider coming back, and would recommend to others.
By far, the absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced in my entire life. As a professional in client service, dealing with paying customers daily, I know how and how not to treat people. This restaurant does not. We had a reservation for 3 at 8:45pm, all arrived on time, and they said we had to wait 10-mins. Then we asked after 15-mins, and they said 1-second, they were cleaning the table. After a total of 30-minutes we finally asked for a manager, who finally took us to a table that wasn't even ready, so we stood there awkward! The manager tries to apologizes and doesn't even comp a drink or an appetizer. Claims the hostess said our party wasn't all there - clearly the 17-year old dumb hostess is also blind. After finally getting seated at 9:30pm, another manager asks to take our chair, while we are in the middle of eating. We tell him, take the chair, but we are very unhappy with our experience. He says "fine, keep the chair and walks away." There is NO reason to ever go to this restaurant. The food was fine, but go down the road to sabor, its better and much more pleasant.
Food and atmosphere are decent here. The view of Hudson River and Manhattan is breathtaking. However, I am not too happy about pricing. The menu is not extensive, by a long shot. Some basic Cuban fairs are very expensive compared with other places nearby, in this heavily Cuban populated area. The most memorable one is $6.00 for a little dish of white rice! Staff is warm and professional. Without the deco and the view, I wouldn't even give one star. Understandably, the rent here must be really high and so are the expenses. However, it is a shame that some small issues could ruin the future of this place.
My girlfriend and I live in Port Imperial, so trying this place was a must. We have heard stories about Son Cubano before, both good and bad, so we decided to check it out. Some of the bad (mostly about the whole "nightlife") 1. It gets really noisy post-10 PM. This isn't a problem that affects my residence, but it definitely is a problem for the community. The restaurant is located directly underneath an apartment complex. There are alot of families that live in this complex, so bumping music post-10 PM has been the talk of the town hall lately. I believe a decision was made to turn the music off earlier in the night. 2. The crowd can get a little raucous when the place closes for the night. This directly affects where I live. Having people walk up and down the Riverwalk is fine, but when I'm trying to get some sleep it's not cool to scream and yell... especially when you know that there are apartments ALL over the place. 3. Parking- AT A PREMIUM is an understatement. Luckily for me, I can just walk there, so this isn't a huge concern. It does become a problem when people start parking their cars in assigned spots for residents. Regardless, I think there are maybe 20 spots by the restaurant.... all reserved for Valet. 4. Super loungy. You would think you were eating dinner at a trendy club in NYC. That's all great and everything.... but it's not a trendy club in NYC, it's a restaurant in West New York. 5. Small portions on the meals. I guess I should have expected this with a trendy restaurant. I mean, if i'm paying the money I expect to be filled. Pretty happy I went with a group so I was able to clean up their scraps. Some of the good 1. The food is really really really good. Exact words from a dude straight from Cuba- "alot of good choices to choose from, can't really go wrong if you've never eaten cuban food before." That's a big plus for me. I read the menu and was extremely confused at what to get. After ordering an array of goods, it was decided that just about everything we tried was pretty delicious. 2. The drinks were really good. Obviously the bartenders know what they are doing because the drink was tasty, powerful, but not over-powering. Good job LBD scale- I'm pretty much 50/50 on this, so I'm going with a 5. At the end of the day, it's a hybrid restaurant/nightclub. That's all good, but when it's in the middle of a family friendly area, it's probably not the best thing. My opinion (take this for what it's worth), they should scrap the whole nightclub idea and just serve banging food.
I recently came here for dinner and what an amazing looking place with great views of the city skyline! The decor is really nice with nods to traditional and old school Cuban heritage. The menu had many traditional Cuban dishes and my personal favorite, ropa vieja, so I had to try it out. It tasted great and came with a side of rice and plantains, but no beans. I also got a side of tostones as well and those were good too. Ordered a pitcher of sangria ($32) which was a little heavy on the wine, but still good. For dessert, the blueberry key lime cheesecake was amazing. Service was really good and fast. Our food came out in a timely fashion as well. For a Monday evening it got a bit crowded and seems to be popular in the area. I'll definitely be back for dinner again. I'd try the nightlife, but it seems like I'd have to prepare for NY prices and for that I'd rather be in NY.
We were excited to have a restaurant added to our "neighborhood" along the Hudson in West New York.  And it is beautiful.  Unfortunately, the food and experience don't live up to the decor.  The live music is excellent, but the decibel level is ridiculous.  Our server was having to yell to be heard, and we totally gave up on conversation.  That's OK in a dance club; not OK while dining.  The food is very pricey and just average.  You'll find much better flavor blends and surprises just up the road at Sabor's.  While they don't have the river views, they do have better food, drink, servers and the decor is still very cozy and Cuban in feel.  We are disappointed as we were hopeful of a great place within walking distance.  I won't even discuss the problems when trying to make a reservation...that's another chapter in the book.
Excellent food, excellent service. Beautiful decor! I will definitely go back again!
The highlight of this beautiful restaurant and bustling nightlife spot, is the location and definitely NOT the food nor the inattentive staff.  Son Cubano is located in a picture perfect location with, according to their website "a magnificent New York City view as you dine along the world's famous Hudson River that unites New Jersey and New York".  Which, is true.  Sadly, where "location, location, location" is a sure winner, the excitement of robust, latino cuisine flavors, falls dim against the NYC skyline.  As a party of 7, we sampled mixed drinks, appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts. Drinks were pleasant and the appetizers (Sweet Plantain Picadillo and Spinach Turnovers) were a tease of the flavors that make our latin food so inviting.  Entrees (Churrasco, Organic Chicken, Churrasco Salad and Seafood Paella) lacked flavor (a little salt goes a long way) and were served cold.  The problem with cold food was apparent when the couple seated next to us, returned their entrees not once, but twice.  When a house manager was approached about the slow service and cold food, a blank stare was the answer to the restaurant's faults.  This observation of the restaurant's "style" and "ambiance" led me to realize that Son Cubano is a glorified, nightlife bar with a dining area best suited for those looking to try bland, cold servings guised as Cuban food.
From what I know their head chef bounced.  You'll get better Spanish food by North Bergen, Union City, Jersey City Heights; basically anywhere up the hill.  Only saving grace with this dump is the location/view/décor/hot waitresses.  Even with that, they close early around 10pm because of the zoning laws in West New York, NJ.  I bet the owner is hemorrhaging stupid amounts of cash due to the loss of potential late night business.  Décor, location, view is SICK!!!  I don't go there to eat, I go there to drink.  If you are into Spanish women, voluntarily single and don't mind buying drinks for some other guy's lady: this is the spot for you.  If you go there, remember, you are paying for the view because the food is horrible.  I've had better Spanish food at a Chinese restaurant.
Nice looking place, nice skyline view, food's okay, overall overpriced.
Great place for girls night out or a large party celebration. Very trendy, great atmosphere. Service and food are just ok! I wouldnt come here for a quality dinner.
was here for happy hour two weeks ago with few friends, very elegant place, ordered a few drinks and had a few appetizers, loved the crabcakes and the Picadillo (Crispy sweet plantain rolled and stuffed with sautéed beef, peppers and onions) delicioso!! great music too!!
Dropped in here for dinner the other night and had an enjoyable dinner with a couple of colleagues. First of all, the view is sick. 5 star view, yo. I'm not from the area, it's not an everyday sight for me, so I was really digging it. Unfortunately it was a bit chilly so we ate inside, but still were able to enjoy the view. Décor was nice, and I'm sure this place gets hopping later in the week, but it was a mellow Monday night and not very busy. The waiter was friendly and was good with suggestions, seemed happy to be there...no issues whatsoever with the service. The bread was perfectly fine, and served with what tasted like mango butter. Interesting, the mango butter...not bad, not awesome, but definitely interesting. Started off with Caipirinhas, and they were tasty...I wish they were bigger, but that's not any knock on the size. Like Frank the Tank says, "Once it hits your lips, it's so good!". They have a way of going down quickly. Love that drink. Also had the Salmon Ceviche Avocado Roll, which was pretty good. Two of us went with the Paella Cienfueguera, which I hate to say again because it's a weak description, but it was...pretty good. Not smack your own ass good, not really fucking good, and allllmost pretty damn good...but yeah, pretty good. Okay, after further thought I'm going to upgrade to quite good. It was quite good. And I ate every last bit of it. Quite good, siiiiii. The Churrasco (skirt steak with chimichurri for you gringos) was also ordered...and sadly not sampled by me but seemed to be enjoyed. It wasn't cheap, but all things considered, not too bad. On the other side of river, for that combination of ambiance, view and food, you're probably looking at significantly more dinero (that's $ for you gringos). Bonus points for being able to go for a great walk along the river, in a safe area with awesome views the whole way, after dinner. Perfect choice for the evening, and I'd happily go back.
Hard to find parking (you will get towed). Noisy. Average food. Service was not in keeping with the prices. Its jersey glam though if you like that- like straight out of an episode of NJ Housewives. I promise you will find better Cuban food at a place like La Isla in Hoboken for half the price.
I had high hopes here but unfortunately the food was inconsistent along with the service.  My parents ordered ropa vieja which was salty and overly seasoned, maduros were burned on one side and served that way. my paella was good but lukewarm. hard to understand. The service was sporadic, we had to keep calling the waiter for water and we ordered a bottle of wine for the table and he seemed to lack enthusiasm after that... but we were a five oclock table with my elderly parents and cousins from out of town...we should have been the gravy before the real crowd came in... overall disappointment.  That being said..view is amazing, and must be great drinks and apps or bar spot.  oh and they added a 20% tip with an additional line for added tip. I HATE THAT. additional tip FOR WHAT EXACTLY .....First, I find it presumptuous to add a tip to a five person table in am empty dining room , second the level of service did not deserve 20% and had I not been with my parents and family from out of town I would have addressed it....So, they got the 20% for mediocre service and no additional tip..... and I probably won't be back. I would rather go to Liberty House if I want an awesome view and great service and stick to Bergenline Ave for Cuban cuisine. Sorry Son Cubano you missed the mark and based on reviews continue to do so... is no one reading these reviews from management...
I've had the good fortune to travel quite a bit throughout out the states and  many parts of the world for business/pleasure. I've had dinner in Michelin star/chef renowned locations to as well as hole in the wall eateries recommended by locals, the one thing that stands out obviously is the food. If you love food Son Cubano is where you need to go. Not only is the food out of this world but the restaurant is abosolutely beautiful.  The whole experience is wonderful from the entrance where it feels like you are entering a small boutique hotel in Havana, to the cavernous main dining area adorned with wood tables, upholstered booths and long shear curtains (windows everywhere). There's a round bar with an enormous crystal chandelier which is truly  impressive. The views of the NY skyline are incredible at night and you feel great just walking around the place. What stands out for me though is the food....masitas de puerco (pork medallions) with just the right balance of garlic, lime and orange..wow! That's just for starters...the churrasco (skirt steak) is seared and prepared  to perfection, best I've had anywhere. There's a stuffed rice dish called "imperial rice" which can be chosen with either chicken or seafood, I had the chicken version and it was great. The chef is really a true genius taking simple cuban style dishes and hightening the flavor to create a spectacular culinary experience. The people experience is great as well ....from my point of view there's quite a bit of eye candy for all. I will be back often..
Amazing!! I loved my first experience here, our server David (if I'm not wrong) made our dinner a lovely and enjoyable experience. We were 4, and we started with a Guacamole and plantain chips, that was ok, I make a better one :) It wasn't very spiced up, no flavor besides avocado, the chips was great. The Spinach Empanada is Delish. For main course I had the Vaca Frita (very well made, no temperature can be chosen for the meat), my friend had the Tuna, avarage, the other had the Duck Rice, he said it was to die for, and my hubby had the Fish with Quinoa (I can't remember what fish it was), I tried and I loved! The place is BEAUTIFUL! Breathtaking New York view, the place is big and well designed, 2 big bars, band and DJ, people actually dance after dinner. I will go back next time I'm in NJ.
After a couple of times here, It's time for a review. Food was delicious. Service was great. Music was awesome. Restaurant and the view of the city is beautiful!  Definitely going back.
The place has a nice view by the water of the New York skyline and the drinks were pretty good. The food unfortunately was the worst Cuban food. I am not an expert in Cuban food but this is bad. I ordered the Cuban sandwich as a mistake thinking it'll be safe in a Cuban restaurant.... It was one of the worst sandwich I've ever tasted. There was a slab of pork meat and a slice of what I think was ham in between oil soaked soggy bread. They really could at least make it look a bit more presentable... My sister got the skirt steak which was much better than the sandwich I had. The fries was okay. If you want something safe go for drinks and the fries. The view got it the most stars honestly Enjoy!
I am big on ATMOSPHERE.  You can get good food anywhere, but to have great food in a lively and beautiful atmosphere is not that easy.  This place has it all.  I was immediately pleased as I entered the large lobby.  The colors and ambiance of this place are just beautiful. The host staff were friendly and professional.  There are two dining rooms.  I sat in the dining room where you can see a view of the NYC skyline through huge ceiling to floor windows.  There was a live band playing great cuban music.  The waiter was attentive, knowledgable and made great suggestions.  The food is not expensive as what some people have stated, but yes, the drinks are pricey.  But what do you expect when you go to a nice place??  I ordered the ropa vieja which is one of my favorite dishes.  The presentation and portion size were perfect.  My boyfriend had a pernil(pork) entree which was also delicious.  We ordered a few sides to accompany our meal.  The mojitos were yummy and I'm not even a mojito fan.  If you're not into the trendy atmosphere then this place isn't for you.  I LOVED IT!
My fiancé and I had dinner here. The decor is modern and beautiful and the food was great. The Spanish music was great. It a little while to get our food / check (because it was so packed) but overall I loved the place. I wish they would space out tables though (it really is packed).
The food is back on par at Son Cubano.  Had the Pernil which slid right off the bone, so tender.  Had the oxtail empanada for an appetizer and you can't go wrong with the Cuban sandwiches, best I've had.
While this restaurant offers a great view of midtown manhattan with outdoor seating and is decorated beautifully inside that's about all that's positive about this place. Our waiter was not attentive at all to the needs of our table, the food was ridiculously overpriced and not at all unique, and the alcoholic beverages fugghedaboutit! My paella was just alright but I did enjoy the strawberry flavored butter that came with the bread. Note to management: Train your servers, add some authentic Cuban dishes to the menu, and adjust your prices to fit the quality of the dining experience on this side of the Hudson.
While the atmosphere is nice because of its decoration and location, the food was just OK and the noise was quite high for a weekday. While the servers were nice, they did not make their way to the table enough. I would not revisit in the near future.
Location is great. We sat outside and had an amazing city view. Live performers come to your table on sundays. The only reason its not getting a 5 star is because I felt service was slow and portions were a bit too small. Over all great spot!
We went there for lunch.  The ambiance is really nice, lots of light and a view of the river.  The service was excellent and the food delicious.  I had the pernil which is the cuban pork dish.  The portion was enough to even fit desert or coffee.  I will definitely go back and try the ropa vieja next time.
I've been here quite a few times: after work for a drink, for dinner and actually to go out at night. This place is very consistent. They make really good drinks and have great appetizers (special shoutouts to the guacamole and the empanadas). The food portions are sizeable, you definitely don't leave hungry. Depending on when you go they have live salsa bands which are always a good time. I prefer going post work and for dinner over the late night thing because sometimes that place can get SO packed. But overall, nice looking venue, great service and good food options. Definitely recommend!
I usually go to  Son Cubano in the city. This one is the watered down version. I sat down for over 15 min with my grandmother, mother & pregnant wife waiting just to have the waitress come & ask if we wanted something. I told him how about a bottle of water!!!  Then 15 min pass & i had to ask the water boy to bring us bread!!  The waitress didn't know the menu. To top it off, the food was an american version of latino food...
I've had inconsistent experiences here regarding the menu, but the vibe, decor, and view keep me coming back.   My latest visit was awesome, but it was an amazing September Sunday afternoon, and we sat outside facing Manhattan.  Still the food was on point, drinks delicious, and service friendly.  Only mild complaint would be that the $12 Mojitos are light on the rum by anyone's standards.
after anticipating their opening, i finally had a chance to go there lastnight with my bf to celebrate his bday. the ambiance and the area is very nice. they had a live band, the lighthing was nicely dimmed, bathrooms were clean and they are located in a nice area to go for a walk after dinner BUT the food is HORRIBLE! we ordered guacamole with plantain chips to start, the guacamole looked more brown than green. it was definitely in the fridge for a night or two. not fresh at ALL. i asked that they hold the cilantro, lo and behold since it's premade it already had the cilantro mixed in there. we ordered the sirloin steak and paella, both dishes were horrible. you'd think the food would atleast be decent since it's so overpriced! the seafood in the paella did not taste fresh at all.. the skin around the shrimp were all shriveled up and dry since it was old. the sirloin steak was thin and bland and just no good. the drinks were ok though. their mojitos were not too sweet which i liked. service was decent. i asked for a dessert recommendation from the waitor and he recommended the churros. do NOT get the churros they are disgusting! it's doughy and just horirble. i've had much better churros at costco. aren't churros supposed to have a hollow middle? theirs was just a stick of dough rolled on sugar and cinnamon. couldn't even eat a half together. the waitor comes by and sees that we did not even touch the churros and just ignores it. lol the churros at costco are yummy btw :) the waitor brought out the churros with a candle on it as i requested but the food there was just so bad. i felt so bad because we were both really looking forward to enjoying our dinner there. if you're hungry and looking for good food do NOT go there. if you're looking for nice ambiance to impress your date, go for it. with drinks, appetizer, 2 entres and tip, we spent $142. for the amount we spent, definitely NOT worth it at all! at least we took a nice walk by the river.. that was lovely
Son Cubano is THE spot in West New York.  The restaurant is beautiful inside with a gorgeous view of the New York skyline and if you're having dinner at night there is live music.  This is a place to be seen, with a lively bar/lounge area adjacent to the restaurant with plenty of roving eyes people watching.  The service is also exemplary and the drinks are strong and generous.  If this is what you are interested in then you will be very satisfied. However, if you are going there for food and only somewhat care about the ambiance then you're not going to get good value for what you're paying.  The food is just so-so and there was nothing that really wowed any of my party at a recent dinner here.  We had steak entrees, grilled fish, calamari entrees, fried plantains, Cuban black bean soup, tres leche and flan desserts.  Honestly, not one single item that night besides the delicious drinks really made any impression.  If you also take into consideration that you're paying for 35$ to 45$ per entree then all in all you'll see that Son Cubano isn't really worth it if you're going there for food.  However, it's not a bad spot for drinks and hanging out.
Great Place!!!! The food was excellent the service great. It's a great place to take a first date, she will thank you afterwards, trust me. The mojitos are delicious and the view from the city is like no other. This is a romantic and perfect setting to enjoy yourself with your partner.  It's a bit pricey but worth it.
Last night was the 3rd time I've come to Son Cubano,... The 1st two times I've gone it's been only for drinks & dancing, but last night my family & friends took me there for dinner, drinks & dancing to celebrate my 30th Birthday.  It was by far quite an unpleasant & memorable experience, unfortunately.   We were a party of 7 seated at a large table by the bar in the 1st room with 8pm reservations.  The amazing view of the NYC coastline was the most pleasant part of they evening.  The food was semi descent, being that my family & I are actually Cuban,...!! The guacamole was bland & average, the spinach empanadas were good, the ropa vieja was very tasty & the churrascos were on the small side.  The desserts were tasty but extremely small portions, literally couldn't be shared,...   The tab for dinner for our party came out to over $600, which was a bit more than we anticipated, since only 4 of the 7 people in our party drank (2 Sangria pitchers that the 4 of us shared, rest was sodas) but the REAL INSULT & PROBLEM was that within minutes after paying the large tab, a restaurant employee quickly approached us & literally KICKED US OUT of OUR TABLE, stating that "he needs our table urgently because they've had other guests waiting to eat for over an hour, etc. & that if we want to still stay for drinks & dancing, we could order bottle service at a rate of $200 per bottle & we could be seated in the other room,...!?!?!?!" We quickly grabbed our things & stood by the main bar, where we ordered a few drinks & waited for the music, but what really burned, bothered & offended us was that we studied the room & noticed that no other table was asked to get up & leave like we were,... But, it gets better,...!! As we see the DJ setting up & the music started changing, the very aggressive, unpleasant, hostile security guards (approx. 4 men) shuffled us from corner to corner of their itty bitty tiny dance floor claiming that 'we can't stand too close to the window' or to the 'fire exit' or to 'the DJ stage,' etc etc. Overall, we felt like we were being bullied all around by an ungrateful restaurant as well as their unpleasant staff. What what supposed to be a great 30th Birthday celebration actually turned into a night of aggravation & very unhappy family members. I understand that Son Cubano is a very chic, trendy, popular restaurant that does high volume business but our $$$ is as green as everyone else's & I don't care how busy of an establishment you are, both customer service & RESPECT, above all else, are 2 priorities that should never be overlooked or sacrificed. Due to last nights chain of events, I will not be returning nor would I recommend this place to anyone else. Brutal truth.
The service was horrible... the decor and food was great, if it wasn't for the service from the hostess to waiter this place would be great. So if you go don't expect good service.....
I get it. Great view, fantastic decor, terrible service and mediocre food. Let's see, Waiter, took 15-18 minutes to figure out who he was. He also helped out by not pouring wine or cleaning table properly. Sangria, can of cool aid with splash of box wine. Bread, also doubles as a hammer. (I realize we came at the exceedingly late hour of 9pm but either serve edible bread or don't put it on the table. Ceviche, actually really good, too bad they serve it with yucca that was cooked for lunch service and at this hour has turned to a rock. Skirt steak, decent, chimi churri also decent, nothing special. Not even remotely close to the amount the bill the came out. I don't mind paying when I receive value. Bad service, mediocre food, is not with large bill and great view.
i had a Great Meal the first time at this place but i eat at the bar joe the bartender was great. 2nd time not so good The bean soup came out cold and we sent it back they put it in the micro so the shrimp and scalops were like rubber. Main course very average skirt steak was like a leather belt spicy shrimp were sweet and limp and the mang. was rude and not helpfull at all we edat out alot and are in the food inds. if u want to see a nice place but dont care about the food its good. stay at the bar see joe if u feel the need to go But there are a lot abetter place along the river for good food and i think they know it too!!!!
I'm giving this place 3 stars just because the restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous. It's right in front of the ocean, so you have the entire ocean/skyline view from the restaurant, which has glass walls. My boyfriend's sister had an event here for 40 people, and this place was just perfect. Modern and classy decor, and the natural light from outside made the place even more gorgeous. The servers were very accommodating, despite the fact that we were a party of 40. However, the pace at which the service came at was very slow. We had the space from 1-4PM, but serving all the food from the pre-fixe menu that my boyfriend's sister had set up had us staying there until 5:30PM. We also brought in a cake from a separate vendor, which they served nearly 20 minutes after the cake cutting ceremony. Furthermore, dessert from the pre-fixe menu came another 30 minutes after the cake. The food itself was nothing spectacular. The skirt steak was pretty chewy, which became bothersome for my teeth, and the yuca fries were really bland and essentially had no flavor whatsoever. I must say though, they had this fried meatball made with ham (it was an app), which was just delicious! Their guac was also very yummy and their sangria was pretty darn good too (and strong!)
Son Cubano, on word describes it, heinous. Legitimately the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. We ventured to Son Cubano on New Year's Eve with a Party of 10 expecting a great meal & party with friends. Instead, it felt like someone drove a Mack truck filled with poor service & hate through our NYE dinner party. Now, I have had the fortune to travel to over 60 countries & have had meals in places that vary from tiny road stop diners to Michelin rated restaurants. I say this not to boast, but purely to give a point of reference. Let me digress into the gory details. My Wife & I had gone there in November on a crystal clear night & the one thing Son Cubano does have is a tremendous view of the Manhattan Skyline. Since we were having out of town visitors flying in we thought it would be a great venue for New Year's Eve so we asked for the manager & we were introduced to Leo. He informed us that they had yet to set their NYE plans (so they had not started taking reservations yet) but that there would probably be 2 seating's & a prix fix menu. When we asked whether we could be seated in the Blue Room he responded that it shouldn't be a problem...being that we would be the the first ones to make a Reservation. This was all very promising, so we made our reservations. A few weeks before NYE, Son Cubano contacted us to get credit card info from those attending. The couples filled out authorizations which were clearly labeled with the party's name on the reservation. All of the authorization forms were sent back to the restaurant.  Throughout this process my wife stayed in close contact with the reservationist, Maria, to make sure this process was smooth. Lo & Behold the day of, my wife spoke to Maria & she informed her that our table for 8 was all set in the blue room. Table for 8! Seriously? We were the first people to make a reservation...anyway. My wife informed her that we had a reservation for 10, which was like trying to explain the benefits of capitalism to Karl Marx. Upon researching it further she did find the other couple in the system. However, she had scheduled them to sit at a table for 2 somewhere else in the restaurant. Yes, seriously.  After speaking to the manager, Leo, she assured us that we would all be seated together in the blue room. The first couple in our party arrived at 9 PM thinking they would grab a drink at the bar. They are told that they can't & need to wait 30 minutes in the lobby (still not sure of the reasoning) to kill time they go down the block to grab a drink. Apparently the Son Cubano doesn't like to make money. Our car service drops the rest of the group & they show us our table of 8 & about 4 paces away was a table of 2! What a joke, & to make matters worse, we could not have been further away from the view of the city! We were all the way in the back by the bathrooms & coat check. We spoke to the manager & he said "there is nothing I can do." I looked around as it is a fairly large restaurant & asked him if this was a McDonald's, are the tables bolted in the ground? He looked at me like I had antler's on my head & said "I don't underst& what the big deal was" I said, hmmm let's see, we were promised the blue room & we have a party of 10 that you have separated. He then told me all the tables are the same. I asked him not to insult my intelligence. All of the tables are not the same, especially the ones in the Blue Room with a view of the City. I mean really? Stevie Wonder could see the difference! They finally manage to seat us. Unfortunately Son Cubano aka the right h& of Castro, wouldn't facilitate that. * We put in our food order around 10:15 & ordered a bottle of Champagne. When it arrived the waitress puts it down & just walks away. I wait a few seconds & then grab it to open it, someone on the staff saw me & opened it for us. * Our first of our 4 courses (soup or salads) arrives at 11:45 (1.5 hours after we sit) well, almost all of them. My wife's soup never made it. The soups at the table were watered down, a sign that they ran out & probably why my wife never got one. * We ring in the New Year after they count out 5 party favors for a table of 10. Charge me the 99 cents. Then we are dancing by our table & a dance Nazi says we can't dance there! Really?! New Year's Eve...no one around us & plenty of room. * It's now 12:45 & no signs of any more food? We ask again...they tell us they have only 5 of the 10 appetizers for our table...Really? So 2.5 Hours into our dinner & we literally have not been served any food! At this point there was enough steam coming out of my ears I could have powered a freight train from New York to San Francisco. * Wait for it, wait for it, our check comes, the line of the night from our waitress: "the food is complementary & we will be refunding the charge on your credit cards." REALLY! What Food! In conclusion, we would've have had a better experience had we dined at Kim Jong Il's house on the eve of the Chinese New Year.
Food was tasty. Would be nice for group tables to be round instead of rectangle.  Makes it hard to communicate with others. Good strawberry margaritas. Table staff could be less aggressive about clearing table. I was asked 3x if I was done with my dessert when I was still working on it.
We enjoyed very much the ambience, food was delicious, I highly recommend the place.
decor: 4 food: 4 service: 4 overall: 4 i came here once for a bridal shower and then again for dinner with a friend, and both times i enjoyed my stay. the service is great as they are attentive and friendly. i asked the bartender for recommendations on what to eat and he was very frank with me, telling me what dishes were good, what i might not like, and even suggested another restaurant where a certain entree tastes better. what i tried: empanadas de espinanca - yum. comes with three. wish they gave like one more. famoso pernil - slow-roasted birkshire pork shank with corn-chorizo stew. it was good, the meat was very tender and my friend liked it vaca frita moderna - get this. i get bored if the dish is too simple but this had a nice balance. that taro root goat cheese puree is amazing. i forget the names of the desserts we ordered, but one was a chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream (yumm) and the other was another cake with caramel, which was a little too sweet for my taste. they also have good cocktails. i tried the caipirinha de mora and the pinky ginger and liked both, but i prefered the caipirinha. a really cute place to come with your significant other.
We were recently here celebrating our anniversary on September  8. We found Son Cubano to be amazing, all around incredible dinner and impeccable service. Osiris was our server and he was phenomenal! As well as the rest of the staff. The food was delectable, one of the things we had was the Pulpo Encendido, which we strongly recommend. Aside from the great service and food, we really enjoyed the mojitos, which were made properly! The ambiance of the place was unforgettable, from the music to the unbelievable view of manhattan! Thank you Son Cubano. see you next time Osiris! You are the best- Patricio & Silvia
I will never come back to this restaurant again. Waited an hour and a half for a table! When we were finally called- the table magically disappeared. So we had to return to the bar and wait until they put a table in the spot where it "disappeared ". When we finally sat it took another 15 minutes before the waiter came over. He said he would return with water and bread- another 15 minutes. We then placed our order. After the appetizer didn't arrive in yet another 15 minutes we decided to go to the diner. At least we will get decent food without the ridiculous price tag. Will never return. Do not bother.
I really don't understand the bad reviews for this place.  My husband and I went there last week for our first time and had a wonderful time.  Service was quick and attentive and food was excellent.  We were done with drinks, apps, entree and dessert in 2 hours.  Live light spanish music during dinner which wasn't too loud so you can have conversation.  Men do not need a jacket for dinner but there were several with ones on so it's a more dressier place, but it is fitting with the ambience.  Definitely will be back again!
Great for groups, awesome view!
I waited till our 29th wedding anniversary to go here.It started with the young hostess,who started if I a reservations,I was 6 mins late,even though I change it on line.They seated us in a small table in between bigger tables.T requested a table by the window,over looking NYC skyline.They said they couldn't ,because table for 4.The place wasn't even crowded,it was Sunday night.So they proceed to put us in another table ,in the middle our the room,a table for 4!Our waiter saw our total displeasure,it wasn't his fault I may add,gave a glass of champagne .My wife was upset and heart broken.It was a special night,I may we had a great day,till we got there.The food was just ok.When it was time to bill the bill,I notice there was suggestion for tipping,18 and 20 %,what ever happen to 15%?I know it was suggestion,but really.Though out our meal,it felt we were rush.We sat at the bar,to listen music ,we want to give the bar a shot.It was ok,over price drinks.We met some ladies there,who were not happy,because after meal,they were told,they couldn't have drinks at the table.So they sat at the bar for 10 mins,and the bartenders didn't acknowledge them,so they left.I didn't bother to speak to manager,due to everyone lack of compassion for our special night.Needless to say ,I say Adios(goodbye) to Son Cubano,we will never return.
The view from the restaurant outdoor area is breathtaking. One of my favorite dishes here was Tuna Tartar. I was disappointed this Summer having learned they had changed the menu. Also the spot closes quite early. It would have been a great late night place to lounge with friends and wine. As for the service, it's usually friendly, though not trained very much. But the overall atmosphere and the view win over other minor flaps.
First of all amazing space and view....clearly a lot of $$ was put in to building out that space.  Had no problem waiting at the bar 1 hour and 15 minutes to be seated as it was a Friday night and very very crowded, but once seated the "dining" room  is a disaster...management allowed the crowd at the bar in the dining room to dance in the face of many tables next to us...luckily not our's.  Our server was more than flustered the entire service...and service in general did not match the prices or the upscale decor and attempt to be a NYC style restaurant.  But finally...THE FOOD....3 words....STINK STANK STUNK.  How could a restaurant that's been open in NYC for many many years screw this part of the equation up!?!?  We ordered just appetizers...5 of them...so a good sampling...the cuban sandwich was good, not great.  The coconut shrimp were overly coated, over cooked, sauces were under seasoned, and they were fried hours before ever getting to our table and barely reheated.  The octopus in red peppers/onion "mignonette" was inedible...tough and not cleaned properly with slimy outer skin left on....truly disgusting.  The ham and cod croquettes also not good.  The oxtail empanadas were actually ok....so 2 outta 5...minus 2 for having a wedding DJ playing in the background playing Glo Estefan!!!  Wow!!  Really a DJ playing bad wedding music....that's what's going to work in that beautiful space?
Came in on a saturday night for drinks and music Good drinks, great music and beautiful atmosphere.  Great views. Everyone was nicely dressed Cool place to go out I did not try the food but i would think to come earlier to eat and not when the music is really going I will try it again!
This was a disappointment of epic proportions. Prior to going to Son Cubano this past weekend, I had very high expectations. From what I saw outside, the space looked magnificent with super tall ceilings, spectacular views of Manhattan and a menu that seemed appetizing albeit pricey. I've been to the one downtown (now closed), but that was just for drinks and dancing. I remember it being pretty fun! This Son Cubano, however, was not. Drinks took over 30 minutes to get delivered, the service was incredibly slow...the food was bland and forgettable; the same dishes can be found all over Weehawken and West New York in much better (and CHEAPER) Cuban restaurants. The noise level here was horrendous. You know its a problem when the server can't hear you and has to yell. And, it's not like they were playing Cuban or Latin American music; it was all R&B and rap. At a Cuban restaurant?  The "icing on the cake" was the 20% tip they add to parties of 5 or more. Pretty Insulting. Won't set my foot in here again. The riverfront in the Edgewater/Weehawker/WNY area is in desperate need of GOOD restaurants. The potential of Son Cubano was so high, too bad they failed.
Excellent customer service. Beautiful restaurant and view. Reservations where at 9pm we arrived by 8:30pm and immediately seated. Service was also fast. Food was great! Passion fruit mojito was not good- very sour still had to pay $12 for something that I didn't drink. Other than that it was great!
This is really nice place. The location is ideal, decor is amazing, and the food is mouth watering. And oh yeah the people that are here are just sexy.... I went there for dinner with a friend on a Saturday night (without reservations) and wanted to sit outside as it was great weather. We ended up waiting about 40 mins, but made the best of it as we got drinks at the bar. We learned why it took 40 mins as the place got packed by the time our table was ready. Finally were seated and ordered our food. The only reason this place didn't get the 5th star is due to their effort on service. I had to repeatedly ask our server for water, I mean come on, by the time we sit the water should be on the tables as well. Then as the glass emptied I had to ask again for a refill on water. And then I ordered Churrasco please bring a steak knife with it. So my suggestion to the team there would be to pay more attention to the little details. At an establishment as such, that what gets the extra stars.
Great view, decor and I loved the incorporation of the live band made it very lively. I had appetizers the spinach empanadas, chicken wings, plantanos with guacamole were all very good.
gorgeous view
it was very nice of the business manager to respond to my previous review.  He asked I email him so we can discuss further....I emailed him shortly after.  Its now been over 3 weeks and NO RESPONSE. Horrible.
The place has a beautiful back drop of NY skyline and the facility itself is nice enough for a nice dinner or lunch with friends or family.  If you really don't care about prices or taste of the food, it would be a good place to have drinks and enjoy the view. I've gone to this restaurant six times and with each visit, the quality of service and the food has gone down and therefore prompted me to write this review hoping that someone would pay attention.  It is such a shame to waste such a beautiful place. I made a dinner reservation specifically requesting and confirming window seating with a live person who answered the phone for a Monday evening.  When I arrived with my family, the hostess directed me to a table at the center of the restaurant while the window seats were available.  I was able to move my table after complaining but why take specific reservations if no one bothers to look at the notes. Then one of the chairs had a huge dark stain that could be old or new but very unpleasant and noticeable.  No one wanted to sit there so we had to switch chairs.  Our  waitress showed up in a very dirty shirt with stains all over.  It's a restaurant, you have to look clean, no? Then we ordered dinner and drinks.  Drinks were tasty but not strong which is fine.  The food however, was mediocre at best.  I am ok with food not being tasty since everyone has different tastes.  But it has to be at least fresh.  We ordered the most expensive item on the menu  which was steak with truffle fries.  The fries must have been at least three days old and it looked old.   It was toughest piece of potato I've ever chewed.  It was not even warm.  I am positive that they were not cooked to order.   I can't believe a real chef would put that on a plate.  The problem was that I could not even get a hold of our waitress to complain.  She rushed by once during dinner yelling "Everything is good, right?".  She never stopped, even though I tried to get her attention. Out of four main dishes, and three appetizers, there is not one dish I would recommend.  Lobster tale in seafood paella was clearly frozen and old with no taste.  I don't like to complain when I am out with friends or family so we just paid the bill and left.   I wish the management team would take a hard look and make improvements needed.
delish---I will b back!
I came here with 15 friends , and the experience was sub par, we had to wait a long time for the waiter to forget to bring the menu, then to forget our drinks, then once we received our drinks, it was seriously a joke , we passed our drinks around to measure which one was the worse, we order about 10 drinks and they were all very disappointing and at 12-15 dollars a piece... I'll leave it at that, then the food , was nothing that I couldn't whip up in my backyard, and if probably do better, Cuban Pete's and rumba cubanas food and drinks are better hands down! On a lighter note the view is beautiful, the decor is also top notch. This will definitely appeal to anyone who doesn't eat Spanish food, nor drinks. Asi no le vamos a ganar a Cuba no!
I have gone to this restaurant a few times, and I keep going back because I love the  cozy and warm atmosphere . Also the view of the city skyline is breathtaking , and to be able to have dinner, drinks with a live band all at the same time is awesome. The food was good ( but a little pricey ). The staff is very professional and attentive. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
We came here to celebrate my brother's birthday. We were able to sit outside and enjoy the New York Skyline and the beautiful day out. The place itself is beautifully decorated and impeccable. It is just a shame that the food does not own up to it's look. We paid $12 for martinis and they were watered down, the food was very bland, not fresh and very salty. I am disappointed because I really wanted to enjoy our birthday dinner. The staff and our waiter was VERY attentive and nice to us--we had a good time regardless but if we were to go back, we would just go for drinks and enjoy the view. I don't want to leave a bad review, I am just disappointed that the food didn't own up to the flair and vibe that the restaurant appears to come off as.
Port imperials best oceanfront restaurant Iove this place. The best Cuban food The best music If u have ever been here on a Friday night u would kno that the music is amazing..bacatta music with a live band Make sure u make reservations to come here on a Saturday or Friday night cause it is a long waiting list especially cause it's summer.. I wish I could put a ten star rating
Went on a Saturday night.  Got seated at a cocktail table at the bar.  The service was TERRIBLE.  The waitress forgot our entree and then when we were done we could not get a check.  We had to approach another staff member to summon the manager to have a check prepared.  We were pretty much just forgotten about.  The food was mediocre - but I really wasnt expecting much except a good experience in a beautiful place.  I got a terrible experience in a beautiful place with mediocre food.  Too crowded at the bar and the staff was overwhelmed. The poor service ruined what should of been a great night for a friend and I.   Note - I even emailed the restaurant before posting this opinion to give them an opportunity to respond to me but they didnt even reply - pure arrogance - NEVER AGAIN.
The food here is incredible, but the service is absolutely horrendous! My husband and I went here for our anniversary and we ordered drinks and appetizers. The waiter didn't bring us bread and even though I could live to not eat carbs, I was a little jealous of the tables who received it. The first round of apps and drinks came fairly quickly, but everything after was a long wait.  I think we waited a half hour for dessert...that's 30 minutes for some freakin churros!! Our waiter gave us the check before the churros. When they finally came out, they completely forgot the dips that come with them. I'm serious about my churros! They ended up taking the churros off the bill, but our waiter and the manager (who knew what happened) didn't even apologize or say anything to us. I really wish I could give more stars since the food was delicious, but the service completely ruined it for me.
This is one of those restaurants that is really pretty to look at, but the food is meh. Son Cubano's prime location on the waterfront gives you an unparalleled view of the City skyline, there is no arguing that. The restaurant itself is a feast for the eyes as well with the various textures and lights that come with a truly swanky place. The ambiance of the restaurant is also unparalleled. The bar area is always hopping and the secondary dining room (between the bar and the entrance) sometimes hosts special activities like last night's salsa lessons. Add this to a great menu of cocktails and you are set for a girl's night out or a fun date night that involves no food. I would give this part of Son Cubano five stars if I didn't have to factor in the food. Being that this is an actual restaurant that is constantly being touted as one of the best Cuban restaurants in the area, we do have to factor in the food, which I found to be bland, greasy and cold. The only thing that I absolutely love from here is the guacamole which is served with strips of plantains. Yum! This was truly exquisite as it includes some tropical fruit in the mix for a sweet surprise. The picadillo appetizer (think papa rellena but with plantains instead of potatoes) was delicious, but greasy for my taste. The other stuff we ordered was served ice cold (making the meat in my dish kinda gross) and completely forgettable. I would give the food part of the Son Cubano experience one star (and that's being generous because I really liked the guacamole). All-in-all, this is a great place to come to and hang out at the bar. Just stay away from the food!!!
Ok so we only had drinks and apps but they were pretty damn good. I had raw clams and they were very fresh.  My gf had avocado salad and that was excellent too. The price was a bit much but I'm sure their rent is outta control. 2 tips... Yelp has a free glass of wine coupon and get the guava mojito, friggen great. And I don't understand the people who said the service sucked, our service was great. Ps... One more tip, eat outside on the water, the view is great.
Was a beautiful place to see the NYC skyline    and the foods were delicious.  It's romantic to stroll by Hudson river after dinner.
Not a bad looking place but kind of on the cheesy side.  The food is mediocre at best but I have to add that I've only been here for lunch so maybe the dinner is better? The view is fantastic and the wait staff seemed friendly.  My brother went for dinner and also said it was nothing to write home about.  I've heard pretty good things about this place but I wasn't really impressed myself, maybe I'd go for a drink one night and appetizer & I'll rewrite my review.  I'm all about a second chance!
This is one of those restaurants that is really pretty to look at, but the food is meh. Son Cubano's prime location on the waterfront gives you an unparalleled view of the City skyline, there is no arguing that. The restaurant itself is a feast for the eyes as well with the various textures and lights that come with a truly swanky place. The ambiance of the restaurant is also unparalleled. The bar area is always hopping and the secondary dining room (between the bar and the entrance) sometimes hosts special activities like last night's salsa lessons. Add this to a great menu of cocktails and you are set for a girl's night out or a fun date night that involves no food. I would give this part of Son Cubano five stars if I didn't have to factor in the food. Being that this is an actual restaurant that is constantly being touted as one of the best Cuban restaurants in the area, we do have to factor in the food, which I found to be bland, greasy and cold. The only thing that I absolutely love from here is the guacamole which is served with strips of plantains. Yum! This was truly exquisite as it includes some tropical fruit in the mix for a sweet surprise. The picadillo appetizer (think papa rellena but with plantains instead of potatoes) was delicious, but greasy for my taste. The other stuff we ordered was served ice cold (making the meat in my dish kinda gross) and completely forgettable. I would give the food part of the Son Cubano experience one star (and that's being generous because I really liked the guacamole). All-in-all, this is a great place to come to and hang out at the bar. Just stay away from the food!!!
Ok so we only had drinks and apps but they were pretty damn good. I had raw clams and they were very fresh.  My gf had avocado salad and that was excellent too. The price was a bit much but I'm sure their rent is outta control. 2 tips... Yelp has a free glass of wine coupon and get the guava mojito, friggen great. And I don't understand the people who said the service sucked, our service was great. Ps... One more tip, eat outside on the water, the view is great.
I LOVE THE VIEW!!! The restaurant itself has a wonderful feel to it, and i love that you can just look out to the NY skyline. The sangria was amazing- i really enjoyed that. The mojo sauce with the fried plaintains were also a hit. The skirt steak was also good- not the best that i have ever eaten, but it was definitely good.
If you're looking for a fancy place to sit, by all means come to Son Cubano. Don't pretend to come for the food or the service. Don't act like you're on a search for music and culture. This is West New York dear friends. Let me explain what that means: The people in this area were raised on Latin cuisine. Any hole in the wall on Bergenline can provide you with food that is more authentic or flavorful than anything you'll find here. The irony of Son Cubano is that it is located in area where many Cubans immigrated to years ago. It should be the crown jewel of Cuban cuisine, but it's not. It falls short. Terribly short. The live music and classy decor are wonderful. The place is primed for success, but it doesn't deserve a higher rating until the service and food take a leap in quality. Full disclosure: I'm a local. I just can't imagine myself being wowed by a dressed up version of something I grew up on unless the given establishment is able to hold true the best qualities of the culture. The love. The people. The family vibe. A much better alternative for locals is Rumba Cubana. If you're just looking for a place to be fancy, ignore this review and head out to Son. Happy hunting!
Was a beautiful place to see the NYC skyline    and the foods were delicious.  It's romantic to stroll by Hudson river after dinner.
Not a bad looking place but kind of on the cheesy side.  The food is mediocre at best but I have to add that I've only been here for lunch so maybe the dinner is better? The view is fantastic and the wait staff seemed friendly.  My brother went for dinner and also said it was nothing to write home about.  I've heard pretty good things about this place but I wasn't really impressed myself, maybe I'd go for a drink one night and appetizer & I'll rewrite my review.  I'm all about a second chance!
The place is beautiful with a fantastic view of the NYC skyline with Salsa beats playing in the background.  I was quite impressed when my friend and I were seated and were looking forward to good things - and that's about where it just ended.  The food was good, I can't fault it there - but the service really sucked. Our waiter comes by to ask us if we wanted sparking, still or regular ol tap water...and then he disappears.  About 10 minutes later he comes back and apologizes for the wait and asks up about ordering cocktails.  The Mangorita on the menu sounded good and I ordered it.  He suggested that I try something else, that the tequila that is used is not good and more times than not, people return the drink and suggested I either get a Mango Margarita or another drink whose name is escaping me (Canela something).  So I ordered the other drink he recommended.  15 minutes later he appears with drinks - and brings me a Mango Margarita.  He apologized for messing up the order...I tried it and it was yummy, but really?   This was just the whole night - he'd disappear for extended periods, never checking on us and if we needed anything or if everything was ok.  The food itself was good - we had the Croquetas de Chiv and the Cuban Hummus apps and I had the pernil, my friend the Ropa Vieja.   I honestly don't think he was that busy with other tables - it wasn't packed to the brim, but it just seemed like he didn't really care.  I'll probably give it another try and hope for better results.
Perfect location on the Hudson looking over the NY skyline. Sat down for dinner right at unset and it was spectacular. The Roos are very elegant and the vibe is very exciting. Live music is good without interfering with dinner. The food was good and service was for the most part good. They had some issues with silver ware, which I find baffling. The braise pork shank was cooked perfectly. Everyone else at my table had variations on skirt steak and they all complimented their dishes.
My cousin chose this restaurant for her birthday dinner. I really enjoyed the ambiance and vibe the restaurant gave. The staff and waiter were all very friendly. Food was DELICIOUS! Drinks were good but a little too expensive for the amount they give you. I would suggest the plantains with the guacamole .. as well as the paella ! Good place to go for a party but wouldn't go there just for casual dining.
We had a reservation to celebrate our daughter 15th birthday. I just can't believe how is it possible that such a nice, beautiful and overprice restaurant offer the worst service ever.  We waited over an hour for our dinner, although the manager came and apologize,I think this is unacceptable to have the restaurant full and be so limited with their staff. The only reason why we didn't leave was not to ruined her birthday celebration. their service sucks definitely not what we paid for.
Restaurant is beautiful and you cannot beat the view. Came with a group and had the fixed menu. Empanadas and shrimp were tasty. Unfortunately, all of the entrees were bland and tasteless. Service was also extremely slow. Definitely not worth the price. Wish the food and service was better bc I loved the ambience and live music. I won't be back.
Came here for a company holiday party. The service was excellent, I can't say enough about how attentive our servers were, our drinks never even got down to half full because they were so quick to refill. We had passion fruit mojitos, white and red sangrias. They were great, if not beautiful to look at. We had warm bread  with guava butter, guacamole and plantain chips, tuna tartare, cuban sandwiches and shrimp in ajillo sauce. My main course was seafood paella, and was beautifully done. The dj was great, music was tasteful the view of the city was amazing. I can't complaint, I had a great time with some great people. As far as people complaining about the food; It's been my experience that many hispanic/ caribbean countries are used to cooking with tons of very zesty herbs, spices, marinades and the like. Being Caribbean myself, I was used to this. To palettes of other countries where it is not the case, it can sometimes be overkill. Sometimes the food seems too salty, too spicy, or just too zesty. To US, anything less that the typical food we are used to eating seems poorly done, but to say the entrees were bland and tasteless is a bit off because I felt like it was food that everyone could enjoy. The atmosphere was very Cuban chic, the food flavors were not forced, everything went well together and was very tasty and made me feel like I was eating latin food so its purpose was served. One star removed because the bathroom is on the far end of both dining rooms and required walking past EVERYONE each time I had to go. Also on the night we attended there should have been a live band and there wasn't. I really looked forward to it.
Nightlife review Son Cubano represents a large leap forward in terms of local nightlife in the immediate area. A winning combination of style and views, Son Cubano does correctly what so many other bars have failed to accomplish. I've been here twice over the past month or so; both times, the place was moderately packed, but still easy enough to get to one of the two bars. Arrival There's valet parking available near the door, but with plenty of free street parking to be had just a half a block away, the valet service seemed a bit pretentious. No artificial line at the door, and no cover. Inside "Dark" was my immediate impression upon entering the establishment. I could hardly see my path into the main room, but it was far from creepy. The main room houses a very large circular bar and several tables (since this is a restaurant during the day). Luckily the tables weren't VIP only at night, so it was easy enough to grab an open one and bring drinks back and chat. The main room had nice views of the NYC skyline, and while music was playing, not many people were dancing In between the 1st and 2nd room was a small section of space where the DJ was housed, and where people gathered to dance. Even here, not a huge # of people dancing. It seemed to be mostly an older crowd (guys in their 40s-50s, women in their 20s-30s).  I almost deducted a star because of the presence of a drummer, who tried to drum along with popular dance/electro songs. Please, never again. The 2nd room had more tables and a smaller bar. It was much less crowded than the 1st area, and people were dancing here and there. Drinks were priced reasonably, and service from the bartenders was consistently quick. Music was mostly latin themed, ranging from Salsa to Merengue to Reggaeton. Non-Latin music was also played (rap / house). General attire was a bit more upscale than most Hoboken bars. Guys generally wore slacks and dress shirts, and quite a few sported blazers. Women ranged from jeans/nice tops to short dresses. Final thoughts This seems to be a good alternative if you have grown tired of the scene in Hoboken. Get there early for some dinner, and stay for drinks and music. Also a great spot for a first date, since you have the ability to find a corner and chat without the pushing and shoving that is associated with a crowded bar. 4.5 stars out of 5 (-0.5 for the location; a bit out of the way from anything else)
Came here for a quick bite on a Monday night. We had almost the whole place to ourselves and to take in the killer view of the city. We split a bunch of apps (Cuban hummus, guacamole, spinach empanadas, and goat cheese croquettes). They were really yummy and pretty filling! Would love to return to try more of the menu.
WOW what an atmosphere! Gorgeous inside and out! The food is great the drinks may be even better! I love coming here it's always a fun night at son cubano- definitely a louder restaurant but I don't mind to dance around in my seat! Great place !
Ummm...yes, yes, and yes! I love this place!! I had dinner there last night and cannot say enough great things about it. I will start by mentioning the slight inconveniences and end with all the brilliant impressions. There is not a lot of parking here so I opted for the $5.00 valet parking. I don't ever condone that a restaurant charge parking just to patronize their establishment. But the valet parking assistant was friendly and fast. I also did not like the fact that the waiter was constantly hovering over our table and asking if we were ready to order. But he was basically very nice. The menu has a very eclectic mix of Cuban and fusion delights that made it difficult to choose. I had a classic mojito, which was strong but delicious. We had the guacamole appetizer to start. It was served in a small cup with lots of plantain chips protruding from the cup with the guacamole acting as the cement on the bottom. The dish was heavy on the chips and light on the guacamole but in retrospect, if had been any bigger, I might not have been able to finish my entree! That leads me to the best part; I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass with tamarind sauce and  boniato mash. Everything was delicious! The fish was cooked to perfection and the mash was the ideal compliment. The sauce was also light and tasty. It was pure heaven. Unfortunately, there was no room for dessert but I look forward to returning to sample a taste.   The decor and location definitely merit a mention. They are located right along the NY skyline waterfront which can make for a great view if you get the right seat. I was delighted to discover that the hostess led us directly in front of the amazing waterfront view! We dined to the landscape of the NYC skyline and even watched as tiny flakes of snow dusted the air. The decor is cosmopolitan and reminiscent of South Beach. They also had a three-piece orchestra that played Spanish style music. The bars were illuminated and large. There is a lounge area just outside the main dining room. We had such a  great time  that we shut down the place. I'm looking forward to shutting it down again.
Aside from the fact that its beautiful inside, I am def. not impressed. Went for dinner on a Friday evening, about 845-900, and the  bouncer really gave me a problem abuot being "under age"! Hello jerk, i'm here for dinner, number one, and number two i'm 28 years old. When I questioned him as to since when int he state of NJ did you require showing i.d. to dine in an establishment before it tunred over to it's "nightclub status" he wasn't very happy. Thank god for my calming boyfriend who easied the tension! The tables are waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay tooo close together. We were seated next to a couple who was way to into pda and I felt like we shouldve been holding hands with them and joining in the pdA!   Food - NOTHING SPECIAL aT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Entirely over priced!!! (Hello, it's West New YOrk!! lol) Fine, if you're fancy and wat to charge a lot okay, but at least make good food!  I was not impressed! My b.f. had the churrasco, he didn't care for it. I had chicken and rice = GROSS and i usually love arroz con pollo! We ordered an appetizer (coconut shrimp) - the waiter came back wtih 3 tiny shrimp at a cost of $18!!!!!!  Barf!!!!!!!!!!!  Our total bill, including tip was abuot $120 FOR TWO PEOPLE!!!!!   Please, save your pallete and money - go to Latino America ... or Rumba Cubana (mmmm, so delicious!!!)
Port Imperial is an interesting place to plop a Son Cubano.  Walking up and I thought I was in Miami, but it actually looked well done.  Soooo the Port Imperial types seemed to dine in harmony with the kids from up the hill in real West New York.   Happy Hour!  YES!  1/2 price mojitos, sangria, and mixed drinks.  I had the cane mojito or mojito classic whatever its called.  It had a very generous pour of 10 Cane and got me a little loopy after the 3rd.  The barman definitely knew how to make a proper balanced drink.  The sangria on the other hand needed a lot of help.  Just tasted like some sub par wine and simple syrup. Food.  Pretty decent.  The cubano sandwiches were probably one of the better ones I have had.  Bold statement, but true.  Tare tar seemed a bit generic but wasn't bad. They had some good live music when we were about to leave. The bartender was 5 star quality, but I would not pay the price for the food dropping it down to be pretty average.  Since they went the extra mile with the entertainment I gave them the extra star.  It would be cool if they had a cigar roller.
We were only here for drinks after a night out. This was our first time here as visiting Californians. The view is SPECTACULAR but the wines are marked up 300%. The Sangria was GREAT and Jeff attended to us very well. I had the idea of trying an Oregon Pinot that they had on the menu. It is called Cubanismo. I was not impressed but Jeff allowed us to try one by Scott that he recommended. It was FANTASTIC. The next time we come back to NYC we will come in for dinner.
Son Cubano had a great view, lovely decor, and killer cocktail list.  The staff was attentive, and the food was OK, but nothing out of this world (except the strawberry butter...it was TOUGH to put down that strawberry butter).  I had the arroz con pollo wrap, which I thought would basically be arroz con pollo in a tortilla, but there were enough other things in there that I never felt like I was eating good old rice and beans.  The wrap came with sweet potato fries, but I would've preferred something more Cuban, like plantains or even yucca.  As I look back at the menu now, I realize that Saturday afternoon was Lunch Menu time, and though there is a chicken entree on their dinner menu, there wasn't one on the lunch menu (or I would've gotten something more authentic than a wrap).  I would like to go back and try again one day.
Amazing place with an over the top view of the Hudson and NYC skyline. Gr8 music and ambience and food was spectacular!!
I came here on a Saturday night around midnight with one of my girl friends.  There were about 20 people standing in line to get in, one mentioning that she had been there for over 20 min; some people left the line because they didn't want to wait any longer.  We were lucky and were let in after about 10 min of waiting.  This is a great location right on the water in a shopping center on port imperial- I love this area! I was a big fan of Son Cubano in Manhattan and was upset to find that they closed, but eager to try this location.   The first thing I noticed upon entering was that this place has a totally "1980's Miami" feel- or as my friend put it, we felt like we were in a scene from the movie Scarface.  The crowd definitely had money- whether or not it was acquired by legal means is questionable (we were among self proclaimed mobsters for the majority of the night). The crowd was a mixture of yuppies and older Cubans and other nationalities.  Many people ventured across the river from the city, which I think says a lot. I enjoyed the music (a mix of salsa, merengue, bachata, some hiphop).  The dance area was very crowded and hot.  I'd like to go back and try the food, but the other reviews on here make it seem questionable.  Other reviews wrote about the parking situation- it looks like this area has designated "retail" parking for shopping, but everyone parked there anyway- including us and we didn't get a ticket or towed (maybe we got lucky?)  Anyway, I liked the area and the music and will probably go back!
I don't usually hang out in New Jersey. I found myself drinking here, sitting outside right next to the water, staring at one of the most beautiful views of Midtown Manhattan I have seen. Move over Long Island City, hello New Jersey. I don't know very many places in the NYC metro area that can boast a setting like this. It's definitely very Jersey though. The whole area feels like strip-mall America.
Food was disappointing! I ordered a meat paella special and the chicken tasted like it was leftover chicken and the short rib was so fatty I could barely taste the meat. The only positive things I can say is the drinks and desserts were good. Id only go there for the bar scene. Made reservations in advanced but still ended up waiting 20 min.
I went to Son Cubano on New Year's Eve with my family. There were 6 of us. When we arrived at 9:45 p.m., the bouncer tried to look important and impress us by deliberately delaying our entrance. That was unpleasant because it was ridiculously cold and windy outside (and my mother was sick.) My sister snapped at the him and that quickly made him change his attitude. He immediately smiled, wished us a happy New Year and let us in. So far so good. The venue looks exactly as it does on the pictures. It's spacious, trendy and upscale. We were promptly seated in the Blue Room (which is also called the Vista Room.) The view of the New York City skyline is amazing. You can take some really nice pictures if you can bear the cold weather (or if you visit in the warmer months.) The servers were very courteous throughout the event. All of them were in noticeably good moods, despite having to work on New Year's Eve. The DJ was playing nice songs, but no traditional Cuban music. He managed to get quite a few people dancing. There was an open bar. And we were served a four-course meal. 1. The Ensalada Son Cubano was really weird.  The mango-champagne vinaigrette dressing was sweet and sparse. The cherry tomatoes were quite soft and the mango tasted funny. I didn't finish my salad. 2. I ordered the El Cubano Roll but they messed up my order and brought me the Empanada de Langosta. I am not a big fan of lobster, but decided to give it a try. It was tasty. The avocado salad was a nice accompaniment. I had some of my husband's Croquetas de Chiva and they were absolutely delicious. The goat cheese was warm and creamy. The orange-vanilla bean-honey reduction was served on the side. In my opinion it is an amazing touch. It brings out the flavor of the goat cheese perfectly. 3. For my main course I had a grilled prime skirt steak with herbs chimichurri, rice & beans and truffle yuca fries. My order got messed up (again.) I ordered my steak medium-well and it was in fact pink throughout. It got served 15 minutes before Midnight, so I didn't attempt to change it. I only ate about one fifth of it. The rice and beans were delicious. 4. I was really looking forward to trying the Three Milk Cake for dessert. It wasn't traditional but had a layer of passion fruit mousse. My feelings about it are mixed. Overall I expected a little bit more for paying $300+ per person. They could have at least had live entertainment. I'm giving it 4 stars because I realize that it was a big event and they were busy. I had a good time and since I live in the area, I'd give Son Cubano another try... probably for lunch. As a side note, I'll be going to Son Cubano in Manhattan next week. And I'm going to rate that one too.
Had a party of 22 people here for my birthday February 2nd of this year ...even though they were holding a huge table for us they wouldn't let us sit until all 23 people were there..we all had to cram in the foyer waiting . Then once we sat the wait staff was horrendous ! I am a server and hate to write bad reviews but we literally started to order two drinks at a time bc the time in between seeing the waiter to order more was like 40 minutes. Once you finally ordered them, you still wouldn't get it for another 20 minutes . I guess the waiter new his tip was auto gratuity so he didn't feel he had to work at all! The only reason I give this place two stars is because the food is awesome, the place and view is beautiful, and the mojitos are amazing as well. But the experience was terrible.
Went here for my grad dinner. Amazing view, ambiance, and food! Had the paella, which was nothing short of amazing.
I will just get to the point to save you kind review-readers some valuable time.... Overall, I truly believe Son Cubano is worth visiting. Parking can be annoying but there is valet if you don't mind spending a few bucks. The ambiance here is second to none and it's what has motivated me to come back to celebrate my birthday, anniversary, etc. - It offers gorgeous views of NYC and has amazing chandeliers inside. The pretty decor is what helps Son Cubano be a great party venue. The service will be good if you prepare for it - Make a reservation, don't come during primetime (9PM and after) and be ready to wait a little bit. The food here is what it is - not amazing, but not disgusting. The only thing that has ever stood out to me is the Strawberry Butter (which I've literally tried to steal to take home, its that good) but besides that, just don't come here to be blown away by the cuisine. Come here for the experience (and yes, it will come with a hefty price tag) it can offer -- a beautiful, romantic ambiance,  great service, good drinks and okay to above average cuisine. It's a very pretty place and it could be better if the food improved, but judging by the below reviews, you are better off elsewhere if the scenic views just won't cut it for ya :(
It's a real shame for such a classy looking place with an incredibly beautiful view of NYC  to have such garbage food.  Is the chef a novice?  I cook better for sure!  Guacamole is mushy, bland, and gross. And server told me its premade. Gauc is the easiest app to make fresh. Lazy!  Plantains are cold.   Shrimp Ajillo has so much garlic that I was tasting it the next day. And they were overcooked...TWICE!!! Moronic cooks.  The Churrasco was okay. It was cooked more to med well than medium. A thin cut steak doesn't need much time on the grill. Helloooo wake up! The rice and beans were cold.  Lastly the yuka fries were tough, chewy, and dry.  To make the evening go from bad to worst, the "special" sangria the server highly recommended was $10 more than the regular one.  The server conveniently did not mention the upcharge when selling it.  I said something but nothing was done to alleviate their screw up.  I despise those kind of tricks.  We spent $108 on crap food, okay service ($125 w tip) and was extremely disappointed.  Now I understand why the NYC location closed down.  NJ will follow suit if they keep up this nonsense.  I clearly voiced the above issues to the manager who showed concern and appreciated the feedback but in the end I will never return!
I used to go to this place a lot, that was until today. Our waiter was the only nice thing. We went there to celebrate my brother in law's birthday and some family that had traveled in from very far. We told one of the waiters to get the crew to sing happy birthday to my brother in law. Well, they forgot. But the mess-up is in the next paragraph. My mom found a worm in her food... Yeah, a worm, those little crawling, disgusting things that you only find interesting in a discovery channel documentary, but that otherwise are a cause of vomit and stomach sickness. We shared food, so we all ate from her plate. After the event, we all stopped eating our food, (Not even half way through) and my dad ran to the bathroom and when I went to check on him he had thrown up. We showed the waiter the worm, and then the manager came out.... That was the mess-up. The manager just said a few things that took no effort. After that, I guess she just went back to her office to resume her day-to-day paperwork stuff. If I were the manager at a restaurant that is trying to broadcast a semi-fine ambience. The least I would do is cancel the check after an event like this one. The manager cared so much about the numbers that this was a remote thought in her head.  We still gave the waiter a nice tip given that he did seem concerned and probably had wished that the manager had waved the check. I have never written a bad review, but I feel the need to let people know about this. I believe in fairness, they could have done so many things to make sure that our experience hadn't been completely destroyed, instead, they decided to focus on the numbers.
We forgot to ask for outdoor seating boohoo so if you're reading, take advantage of the nice view of NYC. Ambiance is nice but it's quite loud inside. I was confused-- it was like club music and lighting in a restaurant. HM.. DO take advantage of the check-in offer (yay free wine) --- watered down martini but decent, yummy mixed drinks but decent main. We ordered the Ropa Vieja which was forgettable... it was super watery... but I saw others with some pretty dishes so I'd come back if I'm bored and don't want to go to NY.
I had the pleasure of attending one of my best girlfriend's wedding here.  Ordinarily you would think it may not be suitable for a wedding ceremony...but it does work! The back drop of the NYC skyline sells it completely. The reception w/open bar of wine and some of the tastiest sangria ever was one of the highlights for me. The second would be the churrasco....it was one tasty piece of steak!!!!! With the Moro....I was in Cuban heaven! The staff was awesome and definitely accommodating to the wedding guests and made sure the experience was memorable! If you want to go for dinner ...definitely go! If you don't want the traditional wedding ceremony...this is a cool place to check out!
All the seafood dishes are phenomenal and the ropa vieja was excellent. Alex was out server and the service was excellent. We're coming again tomorrow night and bringing our whole family.
Horrible service i will Never come back here not even for free there where like 7 servers around and non of them came back to check if we were ok or anything I drank all my lemonade and water and did not get a refill and it was 4pm restaurant was empty we were the only customers so no excuse! The food was ok nothing out of the extraordinary! I waiting for 15min after i finish my food to get my check and it was because I asked for it this was so horrible I'm so pissed off because after I got up to leave the restaurant somebody that works there approach me to asks how was everything... In which of course I went off on her.... Oh i forgot to say they never brough My bread to The table untill i asked for it....
I've been to Son Cubano several times and it's always been a positive experience. The restaurant is huge and absolutely gorgeous - especially the big booths and the enormous chandeliers.  If you stay late enough, you'll get to experience the live band (depending on the night) and if not, they also have a DJ.  The large round bar is very far from the dinner tables so unlike most restaurants where you feel like the folks at the bar are hovering over you, Son Cubano has a very spacious layout.  The drinks are exquisite and I have yet to try something from the food menu that I didn't love.  Unlike the NY location, there's no "cover" at the door.  The view of the NY skyline is spectacular, there's cheap valet parking and there's a dance floor - what more could you ask for?
Guacamole heaven as well as the Cuban sandwich we ordered as tapas. The empanadas, croquettes and tostones with shrimp weren't all that. I can't stop thinking about that guacamole though!
This restaurant is absolutely gorgeous! BUT the food is just blah. You are paying for the ambience. The drinks are really good and well made. I would only come back to hang out by the bar for drinks.
Im going to start  by saying that if yelp had 0 stars i would probably give it a zero!!! First off i made a reservation 3 weeks in advance for 8 people , we were celebrating my mom's Bday . I called the place  to confirm my reservation  as well . So we arrived  @ the restaurant@ 8 there was a line to talk to the host, so when i finally talked to her it was 8.15  , she told me they were preparing the table 30 min after i asked her again ,same thing so we finally asked to talk to the manager same thing so my husband got really upset and told her you need to sit us now it' s been an hour she gave him an attitude and never apologized to him NEVER! So she finally decided to sit us on a table for six !?? After waiting for more than a hour , so when my mom asked the manager  for a table for 8 she gave her an attitude and said if we want a bigger table we could wait 30 more minutes are u kidding me ! !!!! So after that we really didnt even feel like ordering any food! When they finally brought our food they brought the  appetizers and main course together ! Food was bland and over priced nothing special , and we couldn't have a conversation because the music was so loud ! So if you want to  enjoy a nice dinner or special ocassion avoid this place ! This manager should be fired!!! She was extremley rude and has no idea about hospitality! This place will eventually upset enough customers that many will search for an alternative with better service and food! When a dining experience is great we tell all of our friends! When it is horrible we tell everyone!!!!!!
I came here to celebrate my graduation. The place is beautiful! The FOOD is VERYYY DISSAPOINTING!!! I got the skirt steak; it was cold, flavorless and was cut very bad. It was chewy and very unappetizing. My parents ordered the paella and it was SALTY!! I also got a "FRESH" pineapple drink but It tasted like they poured it out of a big can. Overall we spent around $400 for 10 people and everyone was very dissapointed with the food. Its such a tragedy since the place itself is very nice. I should of went to the Cheesecake Factory instead.
Came here with a few friends and I have mix feelings. The place itself its beautiful with nice views of the NYC skyline. The service was horrible our waiter didn't write anything down and totally messed up the order. It took forever to get the drinks and he took his time to come to see if we wanted dessert. The food was decent not the best Cuban food I ever had but good enough. I do have to say the passion fruit mojitos were very good but lacked alcohol. I might give this place another shot.
Been waiting for An hour with a reservation weeks in advance.... Not cool. Im with my grand parents who are elderly and really are more upset then we are. Drinks are good but after 3 waiting what drinks arent... Womp womp
I don't want to say I have a Love/Hate relationship with this place because "hate" is such a strong word.  In fact, I really do love most things about it, depending on the night... Same goes with my star rating.  Confused?  Here's the deal: DECOR, LOCATION & AMBIANCE:  5 STARS ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!   It really gets no better.  All the class and swankiness of a chic Manhattan restaurant, but on this side of the tunnel which means no $13 toll and no traffic and parking issues to deal with.  Plus, in Manhattan, you can't have the incredible view of the entire city!  Located directly on the waterfront in West New York/Edgewater, the view from both the outside patio along the boardwalk (where you are sure to take a romantic stroll afterward) and from inside the rear section of the restaurant (with their well dressed floor to ceiling windows) is breathtaking and provides and incredible backdrop for special occasions, romantic dinners and fun nights out!   The "fun nights out" is where it all goes downhill... FOOD, SERVICE & OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 4 stars on a quiet weeknight vs 2 stars on any given weekend night as of the past year or two.  Sad face :(   It's like a birthday factory.  Tables of 10+ people everywhere - and you can often find me at one of them amongst a group.  The DJ and live band are the draw so it turns into a party late night.  Everyone doing shots in between doing a little salsa here and there.  It would be all well and great if this were happening around the large circular bar, but instead, the set up of the restaurant only allows for the entertainment in the rear dining room with the most amount of seating and the better view which I described above.  They rope off an area to keep anyone feeling the rhythm at bay while others are eating nearby, but heaven forbid you need to tinkle after several mojitos during dinner and you will need to squeeze your way through all the too-close-together tables as well as the party revelers to get there as it is closer to the main entrance. So I highly recommend the food on a week night as well as any notion of wanting to be romantic with your significant other and/or wanting to indulge in meaningful conversation at your table without shouting.  As for the weekends, anyone who is dining with a group is forced to order from a prix fixe menu which can be tasty but is quite limiting compared to the otherwise lengthy menu full of flavorful Cuban dishes.  Same applies to groups on weekdays but they get to pay $50 Mon thru Thurs vs $65 on weekends.  And yes, those prices are before tax & gratuity and applies to the cash bar option only, which will certainly add up (think $120+ per person after 2 or 3 drinks).  They do offer an option for limited bar or open bar, up to 2 hrs to be included as well, but your entire table will need to be on board with this option.  Regardless of what you choose, you are all resigned to the same 5 family style apps, choice of 1 entree out of 5 or 6 standard choices and 1 dessert from 2 options.  It's not that your Churrasco or Pernil is going to be any different, but if you wanted to try something more unique you will have to do so with fewer friends.  High-note here is that they custom print your menu for you with the designated honoree's name and the occasion on the cover along with a gorgeous vintage Cuban postcard print - love this special touch! Drinks are excellent and reasonably priced, but they are so good that they will add up to way more than you spend on the very reasonably priced food and they know this!!  I think that's why the grand circular bar and nearby banquettes are so enticing.  This venue would be SO ideal for a private party where you can rent the entire restaurant out and just come dance the night away surrounded by all your own friends instead of everyone else's groups of friends.
Great view, nice ambiance, live music. The food however is mediocre. My skirt steak was good but there was raw rice in my rice! And even the rice that was not raw tasted like the rice you'd get at a particularly bad hospital cafeteria. We did get the yelp offer for one free glass of wine (which was nice), but we had to wait like 15 mins and flag down our server before we got to put our orders in. All in all, come once for the view and probably don't come back again.
The scenery is beautiful, right on the water and overlooking the skyline. If you can't find parking, there is a valet for $5. I went on a Sunday night and the place was pretty packed; they had a live salsa band playing. They have 2 bars, one large and one that's smaller. They also have a patio for outdoor seating, which we really wanted but they said it was closed, so we just ate in the main dining room. The service was good and the food potions were pretty generous, but prepared to spend some big bucks. I've never paid that much for Cuban food before, not even in Miami. I think you're paying more for the scenery/proximity to the skyline.   With that being said, id still go back, just wouldn't make it a regular thing.. More for special occasions. This isn't a casual place either, so my suggestion would be to dress nice.
My favorite restaurant! Beautiful decor, beautiful view of NY, great drinks and DELICIOUS food. The ceviche and guacamole with plaintain chips are two of my favorite starters-fresh and absolutely delicious.The "Ropa Vieja" or shredded stewed beef is my favorite dish and they definitely do it right! Some nights, there is a DJ and some nights there is a live band, but great vibe either way. Absolutely LOVE this place.
I came here for lunch. The food is good. I enjoyed the guava butter on the warm bread very much! The service was humble. The decor inside is Gatsby like with a modern Latin flair to it (which is in good taste). The view of the city is A-mazing and pleasant.
After hearing amazing reviews from people in town about this restaurant,  a few friends and I decided to give it a try. The ambiance is great.  They have a d.j. playing in the background, and the bar area is quite large with a couple of different bartenders working each section.   That's about all I have to say good about this place. Once seated, the wait staff was HORRIBLE.  When service is so slow and forgetful with basic requests (salt for the table), it ruins the experience of any outing. The food was mediocre at best.  There was absolutely nothing authentic about their dishes.  Unless forced, I will never visit this location again.
