What a delicious and inventive way to enjoy hotdogs!  Check out the daily special boards where they try out new concoctions.  But my tried and true favorites are the Chicago (or Mike dog if you want the Chicago with delicious crispy, salty, spicy giardiniera) and Frisco Kid with cream cheese, tomato, and bacon.   Amazing choice of fries- my favorite are the garlic fries..But we do garlic cheese fries to use cheese as a glue for the garlic. There's a dog for everyone, plus sandwiches and sausage.  (Veggie dogs are available!)
Tin roof, rusted. Mustard's Last Stand is a love shack. A love shack serving up the best weiners, sausages, Chicago Italian beef, chicken sandwiches, poboys, and fries. They also have draft and bottled beers for purchase too. The toppings are endless. You can create your own culinary delight or pick from the many combos they already have.   The place is full of kitsch and has a small drive-thru. The man who runs the counter is nice, friendly, and will answer any questions you have. Food came out quickly and hot. Mustard's also offers a punch card. 10 dogs, your 11th is free. Also, if you buy a gumball and get a white one, you get a free order of fries! And speaking of dogs, the patio is poochie friendly! Mustard's is definitely a great place to grab a quick bite. Definitely a fan!
I love this quirky restaurant! I think they have just about every option for a hot dog and toppins available on their menu. They also serve polish sausages.  We love it! My favorite is the hot dog topped with cream cheese, bacon, and tomato while served on a poppy seed bun. I have also tried the hot dog wrapped in pretzel and fried. We always add a serving of their chili cheese fried to complete our meal. Top your meal off with an ice cold beer, and you are set. You get a punch on your card (every 11th hot dog purchase is free) for every hot dog you buy so with a family of four we received free hot dogs fairly quickly. If you look on Groupon periodically you will find a coupon for this restaurant as well. You can eat inside and enjoy the quietness, or go outside and enjoy the scenery of Downtown Melbourne square or the company of folks walking down the street. They even encourage you to stop by with your pets since they offer dog water bowls and tie up spots for your four legged friends. I highly recommend this place for families looking for a fun dinner out that isn't too terribly expensive.
What's not to love about this place? A million different ways to dress your hot dog from plain to anything else you can think of. Great beer on tap, outside seating in the shade, plenty of parking & fried pickles. Always worth a stop!
First time here, small little restaurant in historic Melbourne. Great Prices, phenomenal food. The service is excellent and the decorated walls add a nice touch. Would definitely recommend!
Yummy!  Perfect spot for a quick bite in a fun place. We had the Mike dog and the Space Coast. Both had so much condiments on them, they were HUGE and loaded with flavor!  As if that wasn't enough to eat, we had a side of their garlicky, hot French fries--they were so good!  Probably the best loaded fries I ever ate!  Cold beer on tap, hit the spot--friendly, friendly people!  Can't wait to go back!
Really good hotdogs with yummy sesame buns, but they're definitely overpriced.
Love Mustard's! One of our favorite local places to stop for a quick and tasty lunch! Located in historic downtown Melbourne puts it in the perfect spot for everyone to enjoy! Mustard has been around forever and they aren't going anywhere any time soon! Old fashioned hot dogs and fries with a creative twist. We never know what they might come up with next.
Stopped here after my sister told me they offered a vegan dog option. I walked in and was pleasantly surprise at the options you could get for a hot dog. They also have a house made vegetarian chili as well!!! Overall it was a great dog!!! I would definitely recommend Mustards for your next visit to Melbourne
I have visited Melbourne three times in the last three years and just on my last visit hit this place up.  What was I thinking?  So good, I had to go back a second time!   The hotdogs are yummy, the people that work here are fantastic, and the tunes they are playing would put anyone in a good mood.  It all works.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  Also a drive-through window for those on the go! Beer available as well as a full selection of soft drinks. I can't wait to go back again for another Cattle Dog!
As beach-town hotdog stands go, this one is a true 4-star experience.  There is a large selection of preparations and they serve good Vienna Beef dogs.  We tried the 49er and the one with slaw which were both messy and satisfying -- the kids opted for plain foot-longs.  They serve great fries that were salted perfectly.  We had to pack up and leave town after an extended weekend and this seemed like a good place to sit outside to enjoy the warm January afternoon before turning, sadly, to the airport. The staff was super friendly, and they had a great soundtrack running.  $25 for two adults and three children representing the dog-snob cities of New York and Chicago.
Um... yes please! We passed this place once and it already caught our attention that my fiance and I told ourselves that it was a must try! A super small place with only a handful of tables, outdoor seating, and a rundown looking drive thru, but I wouldn't order to-go! I would TOTALLY go inside and enjoy the vibe! It was quaint, busy, and played some non-elevator music! I think I heard some old school Linkin Park at one point! The girls that work there look like they could be in a roller derby, which was awesome, and the walls were plastered with out of state personalized license plates, signed celebrity photos, dolls/action figures from the Simpsons and Family Matters, and even Hot Dog Etiquette! The menu was the usual selection of coneys, but if you keep reading... they have fried tortilla wrapped hotdogs, bagel wrapped hot dogs with fun names like "Guac the Dog", "Spudtacular Cheese Dog", and "The Cowboy". They even have beer on tap! The pricing was decent and even have happy hour if you catch them at the right time and right day. We were sad when we found out that we didn't have one of these in Houston and had to go here one last time before we headed to the airport on our last day. Mustard's Last Stand...FTW!
Damn I love this place. My father-in-law says the Italian beef sandwich is identical to those he used to get in the Windy City, but I can not get past the Foot Long Special; A foot long Beef Dog, Basket of Shoe string fries and a drink for $5 bucks. If I lived closer I would eat there every day.
Being originally from New York City, hot dogs are the ultimate street food.  I know hot dogs, and so does this place! There are so many hot dogs to choose from, they encompass different themes and ingredients.  But you're not just limited to hot dogs, they offer a variety of sausages, Italian and Polish. For sides, you can get different styles of french fries.  But if fried food isn't your thing, they offer beans and potato salad. If for some reason you're not into hot dogs (why would you come here..), they do offer roast beef sandwiches as well as chicken sandwiches. They're always keeping it fresh by adding new things to the menu.  I prefer to keep it simple, so I usually go with the MORK.  Don't know what a MORK is?  Then stop over and find out.
Mustard's Last Stand has been an institution in Melbourne for years with their location on US1, but a while back they opened a second location downtown and it rules hard. I was there on a Tuesday afternoon; the place was crowded but not extremely unbearable. The guy who was working the counter was incredibly nice. I ordered a veggie Guac The Dog, which is a veggie dog topped with guacamole (get it?), cheese and salsa. It was huge, messy and delicious. I ordered some fries, too, and they weren't bad, but whoever was seasoning them got a little overzealous with the salt shaker. Just sayin'. The menu choices are extremely varied and plentiful; there really is something for everyone. The indoor dining area is quaint and filled with various random crazy crap on the walls. There's at least one TV if you're the type of person who likes to scope CNN while gorging yourself. I'd frequent this place often if I wasn't so health-conscious. My lady likes me skinny.
Chicago dawg, as expected was not a disappointment. Pepperoncini and tomatoes fresh, 1/4 lb dawg.  Exceptional. Fried pickles, crisp, tart, delish!!!!
Seeing the high ranking makes me wonder about those who claim to be hot doggers. Not only is Mustard's expensive, it truly is not that good. To start, their drive thru is one of the slowest run drive thrus I have ever gotten stuck being in. The wait was so long (11:40AM) that I gave up and drove around the line and parked, was able to get a dog and out to the car before the guy I was behind departed! Service is a tad slower than I'd like and the attitudes of some of those kinda working there, stinks. The food itself is fair, at best and I would have been so very happy if there had been a real hot dog stand on one of the corners. Nothing like a great dog which snaps when consumed. The toppings are okay but the place absolutely shows no enthusiasm or imagination with their presentation of a hot dog. What I mean is, it isn't JUST a hot dog. It's someone's future lunch or meal and they/WE appreciate those many places which serve up GREAT gogs. Sorry if anyone is offended but paying $3 or $4 for a dog, and you're served one of those small sized dogettes, it's just too expensive, and not tasty enough for me. Been there 4 times and I'd be stupid to return. I won't, until they sell and the new owner makes a better presentation!
Love their dogs.  It's like there's a different dog for every day of the year.  I like that they have more options than Long Doggers. They've got a good special going right now for a foot long, fries, and drink for $5.    A good deal since the dogs are huge with tons of toppings plus a huge basket of fries, and free refills.  It's almost enough for two.
Awesome place, we go here a lot! Quick service coupled with excellent food makes this one of our favorite places to grab a bite. Try the fried pickles!!! Yummy!
Mmmmmm....... If you're from Chicago or need a "Vienna" fix then this is the place for a quick lunch.  Sometimes I just can't resist;-)
Clever name! Great atmosphere!   A bit tight inside (especially the bathroom), but that is part of the character. I don't personally prefer the hot dogs, but my husband liked them.  We both reallllly enjoyed the parmesan ranch fries!
Hotdog stand?? YES I must try it. I heard about this place from some locals and had to try it. A co-worker and I came on a week day about dinner time. The place was dead empty but that was expected as its a hot dog place, at 6pm, on a weeknight, in Melbourne, FL. LOL The menu was creative offering unique toppings such as potato pancakes, macaroni salad, and pineapple. Being less adventurous, I ordered a "CHARLEY DOG": Chili, cheese, fries, onions. My co-worker ordered "THE 49er": Potato pancakes, chili, onions, bacon, spicy red chili sauce. Although it wasn't the best Ive had, I enjoyed it. When I asked my co-worker how his was he replied "not bad". Whatever that means... Prices are darn cheap averaging $3 for a hot dog loaded with toppings. Ya, thats not a typo, $3!! The decor was lacking but it is just a hot dog stand. What more could you expect? Do I like it better than long doggers? No. Sorry Col Mustard. Or was he in Clue? I digress... Overall, I liked the place. Good food, great prices, good service. = 4 stars.
Great place to stop by and grab a bite to eat. Coworkers were telling me about this place so i went to check it out. There is a ton of options, I had the Junkyard dog - dog, cheese,bacon,ranch and fries.. it was awesome! And the Smiths "This charming man" was placing on their stereo.. I'm in love
BEST Hot Dogs I ever had! Their dogs are so good, so flavorful, and enjoyable.  I usually don't eat too many hot dogs, but I like trying the local flavor when I'm visiting new places and Mustard's Last Stand came highly recommended.   They have a menu that is just filled with so many hot dogs combinations and you will not leave disappointed.  Their garlic cheese fries are a great compliment to whatever hot dog you order. A must anytime I am back in Melbourne!
Great location, near old downtown Melbourne...not too far from the beach. Lots of variety of dogs. My son and I had the Chicago and Guac the dog w/ 1/2 fries & rings & drinks - under $15. Not bad. Quick and friendly service. Place is kept clean. We'll definitely come back and try some of the others. FYI - they serve beer.
We had a day before we left for our cruise. Stayed at the Hilton by the airport. The shuttle service will take you to and from there where ever you want to go. I love to ask the locals the best places to go. There is a long strip of the downtown area. The shuttle guy says the best place to go is Mustard's last stand. Well how can you not go there? Its a small cute little hot dog joint. Had little anoels just walkin along the sidewalk. It was just as bright yellow as can be. You walk up here and sense the Florida vibe. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The store had a lot of local flare. We both had the chili cheese dogs. I with mustard and onions... the way a hot dog should be! It was pretty good for a little hot dog joint. Chili was flavorful hot dog had the crispy break it should with great taste. I can see how this little spot could have such a great following. I think I might just grab my suitcase and join Mustard for his last stand..dog!
Decent place and good prices.  It definitely gets packed during their busy hours but the food makes this understandable.  I wish they had a bit more seating but I almost like the small, quaint appearance of this place.
Fun, small, yummy place to eat in Melbourne. I've only been to this location. The Chili cheese dog is great and there is always some new hot dog concoction on the menu to try too. :)
Guac the Dog is my absolute favorite.  The guacamole is amazing.  For anyone who does not care for hot dogs, they also have  popcorn shrimp  or mozzarella that my daughter says are tasty.  The fries are also very good.  I always get a large pickle too.  Crunchy, salty goodness.   They only serve beer (but I checked beer and wine, there's no box for just beer).   Overall, a great casual place to get a magnificent hot dog!
I love this place. How about that name? The best place in Brevard county to get a hot dog of any kind. I mean any kind! It's a really cool dive joint with awesome dogs made to order anyway you can imagine.
Great place to stop for lunch with an extensive menu of different hot dog recipes.  This funky little dog stand is always delicious and always consistent.
Good, cheap food. Weird, awkward, almost surly service. I get that it's only a hotdog and the prices are way low, but the workers shouldn't stand over us at 10 minutes before closing and talk about at what time they're going to kick us out, especially since I was there taking my dad out for a bite to give him some relief from being in my mother's hospital room all week (the hospital is just down the street and we were all clearly wearing our visitor badges).
Rick brought me here for lunch and it is unique, fun place for a hot dog.  A huge selection of hot dogs and not too expensive.
I started a new job and began to spend a bit of time near downtown Melbourne. This place was one of those places you may have driven past a hundred times and never thought of stopping simply due to outside appearance, to me it looked cramped, small, hot and stuffy, well, it is a little place, but they do have AC inside, plus there's outdoor seating available. On this day my upper radiator hose sprung a leak and I had to park my car and walk past Mustards last stand to get to the auto parts store. I noticed the place was in a state of shock because that afternoon a woman not paying attention ran over their Air Conditioner unit next to the building, and the owner was boarding up the damage till they could get it repaired. I returned the following day when the new AC was installed, and ordered a couple of different dogs and they were fantastic. There was wifi so I was able to Skype/FaceTime with a buddy, and check my email on my iPad. The staff was really nice and the menu was extensive. I've been there about 10 times now, and my last visit, I just didn't pick the right food, the dog I tried had coleslaw and pineapple, and was mushy, and I tried the sausage, which gave me bad heartburn the rest of the day. But it was my fault, I need to remember to keep it simple, it's cheaper and probably better. There's good parking, but the place fills up rather quickly, they take credit cards, and the service is good. The music it on an oldies station, and I have to thank them for reminding me of that Robert Palmer song "Looking for Clues," I had to download it, it brought back a lot of good memories. If you're visiting the beaches, and is looking for a decent and quick lunch, give Mustards Last Stand a try, but don't get too crazy.
Being from Chicago,  one thing i know about ( besides cold weather). That's great pizza and Chicago style hot dogs.Since nobody here has deep dish pizza, was i ever glad to find this joint! " Mustard's Last Stand" has a REAL hot dog from Chicago. They even use sesame seed Vienna buns and hot peppers and pepper chini. But that's not all they have such a selection of different types of dog's from all over this country and the Italian beef is a flashback to the old neighborhood. This place is really cool where you can eat outside and watch the world go by. The service is great...please remember the tip jar. The fries are outstanding and they even serve PBR beer. This is another of my favorite places to eat, check them out whenever your around down town Melbourne.
Looove this place! Food is awesome, the people are laid back, and the atmosphere is the perfect place to be on a relaxing day. They not only have amazing dogs but also turkey and vegetarian dogs so no one gets left out. Speaking of dogs, they are welcome outside too :)
Cute place! I love hotdogs, but they unfortunately hate me, thankfully they have some delicious veggie dogs!
Had the cowboy and the special (egg, bacon, cheese on hot dog). Tasty!
Went to this place since I wanted to check out the "Chicago dogs". It certainly met my expectations! One can try different hot dogs from different cities as well as get a chance to try some Polish sausage and Italian Beef. This is delicious! A second visit is a must.
The best place for a hot dog in Brevard County. They even started having text deals, including half off your order or free fries. Their fries are fantastic and they use large grain salt, which helps give them that salty flavor without being covered in salt. They use Vienna beef hot dogs and chili, which are both delicious. They also steam their poppy seed buns, which are perfect for holding the dogs and all the crazy fixings you can get on them. Their menu includes many many many variations of dog, which are fun to try, but you can also build your own custom dog item by item. The cashiers change depending on when you go, but they're usually friendly and get to know their regulars. You can have a seat inside or outside (it's pretty small either way) and they'll bring your food to you. You can even bring your dog to sit outside as long as you have someone with you who can go order inside while you keep your dog company. My husband and I eat here about once a week after work and love it.
Wide selection of hot dogs with something for everyone and moderately priced. I do prefer hot dogs grilled rather than steamed however. Covered outside seating was nice. Food came very fast! Potato salad was very good.
Love this dive. From the plain to the loaded 49er, all their dogs are great. Simple but good. Priced fair. Never dispointed.
Vegetarian friendly. awesome
The chili cheese dogs were great.  They use Vienna Beef products.
This was really good. We had the foot long special and it was a great deal! Tasted really good. Would go back for sure!
Awesome dogs, and what a selection!  Definitely a worthy stop before visiting the shops in this little slice of history.
Hot dog!  You can get your hot dog any way that you want it.  Food is good and the prices are right. I love the jumbo Mike dog and fries.  Try it, you'll like it.
