Fan of Bokampers? Mos def.  If you are into anything sportesque, this place fits the bill.  When people yell at the TVs, you know you're in the right spot.  In any playoff season, it's really important that you get the right seat cuz it gets crowded!  I'm not sharing my ancient Chinese secret, but this is optimal information or you'll feel like you're stuck in a club without the music. The food isn't for the lighthearted, and I even tried to be more healthy by ordering a veggie burger. Bah...the real neanderthal burgers, especially the one with an egg on it, are a staple...AND them branding their buns with a big "Bo's" adds to the awesomeness.  They've got a deal during the week where it was 9.99 for a full rack, and I was hating life eating my veggie burger while staring at my husband and nephew.  Their bang bang shrimp, wings, and their mac and cheese are definitely rock stars. Also, being the potato conoisseur, I enjoy their options for potatoes which include tater tots and sweet potato fries with a sweet dressing. Sinfully good. The place is loud when it needs to be, and service is sometimes hit or miss, but it's something you have to expect with a place that's serving large crowds at 100 miles per hour.  If you're hanging out in the outside bar area, the lit fountain on the lake is quite nice.  It separates you a little from the hustle and bustle. If you're a frequenter, they give you a rewards card that tends to pay off more often than most rewards programs.  There are days when they even offer double points.  It's worth it. Points equal dollars, and not with specifics. Eat. Drink. Be Merry.
I have dined at Bokampers Bar and Grill a few times in the past three years. The first time was a couple of years ago, and the last two visits were bookends to my Florida vacation last week 19th and the 25th. It took me a few moments after arriving at BoKampers to recall my first visit. It was a week-night in August, and baseball was on.  The place was pretty much empty. On the 19th of October the wife and I landed in Ft. Myers to start our vacation. We arrive in Naples tired from packing the night before, and an early morning flight. The plan was to go somewhere to watch the Giants/Cowboys game for a half, eat, and back to the house. My Father In-law called and suggested that we go to BoKampers to watch the game. Now I remembered nothing about this place until we pulled into the parking lot.  We walk inside and this place is hoping. Then it dawned on me that I've been here before; except with less people...a lot less people. However something stood out as I watched a group of people eating, this is the place we had those ribs were solid (Good) My wife is super tired and I can tell she was looking for something low-key and not in the mood to deal with a crowd. Thinking she might want to bail, I am hoping that we are seated immediately. I see a few seats open but the hostess says it's going to take a while, at least 15 minutes. I didn't quite understand it but ok. What we did not know at the time was that, the South West Florida NY Giants Fan-club meets there every Sunday for games. Since my wife and I were wearing our NY Giants T-shirts, the friendly and accommodating hostess thought we were a part of the club, and was waiting for a spot to open up in the area where the game was going to be shown on the large screen. Though we were not official members of the SWFL club, we were seated the minute a table opened up in the room; which was under 5 minutes. We stayed for the entire game once my wife had a couple of drinks in here system ;) Upon checking in on Yelp, one of the questions was "Does this place have televisions? This place is wallpapered with televisions. I believe Bo Kamper's possess more televisions than BestBuy. I couldn't turn my head without catching a glimpse of a one of the games on direct TV, or any other sporting event on one of the screens. We sit down and begin to look at the drink menus and I see $6.99 vodka, or Captain Morgan rum doubles....Yeah Sold!! Captain Morgan; in a tall glass please! During the first visit on the 19th of October we ordered the Bo Signature Wings, and Kourtney's Load Nachos. On our second visit, on the 25th, we ordered a small order of medium Killer-B wings. They were good but the Bo Signature Wings are special, and packed with all kinds of flavor. They are a must have. I truly enjoy how this place prepares their wings; perfect. I enjoy not having to request that the wings are cooked well to properly absorb the sauce. The Nachos, like the most of the food at Bo Kampers was good. Still a little hungry I was going to order the sliders without all the toppings. The friendly waitress suggested that I just get a burger with my own toppings for less $$. The burger was cooked exactly how I ordered it and it hit the spot. My wife yawning and fighting through the jet-lag wanted dessert because she was going to bed the minute we got back to the house, and those fried Oreos did the trick. When I say Holly S--t they were good! They were good! I am not a fan of spinach dip but since my wife rarely gets the opportunity to order it whenever we are dining out, I didn't protest. I am glad I did not prevent her from ordering it during our last visit. I can't say that I am sold on spinach dip, but I will not hesitate to order it at BoKampers in the future. We decided to split the Southwest Chicken Wrap. The burger was good. I think if the chicken wrap was served warm I would have enjoyed it a little more. It wasn't bad by any stretch, just not prepared to my liking. Overall not only did we enjoy our time with SWFL NY Giants Club but the food at BoKampers as well. The food here is solid. The staff at BoKampers is not too shabby. Actually they are pretty darn great. I received more attention on a busy football Sunday afternoon than I did at restaurants were I was the only one in the building. From the hostess, the waiter, and the waitress we had our first trip to the young lady we had on our last trip, everyone was attentive and friendly.
Ditch Fridays Ladies drink free every Friday 4-5pm with sports trivia at the outside bar with Aaron giving out the prizes. Everything is pretty solid on the menu they recently added Southwest Egg Rolls which are awesome. This place has a great vibe when watching big sporting events and offers great lunch and happy hour specials. The prices are a bit high and will add up fast so if out drinking during a sporting event make sure to pace yourself or you will wake up a little light in the wallet. I always have had a decent experience here and if something was wrong with my food or drink they have always made good on it. Food 7/10 Atmosphere 9/10 Service 8/10 Value 7/10
Went there last night for a marketing event. The food (pulled pork sliders, meatballs, and chicken nuggets) was ok and the staff did a great job filling the drink orders quickly. The management kept a close eye on the room to make sure everything was kept replenished. I would recommend Bokampers for any of your marketing / party needs.
Stopped into the new Estero location. Kristen was our bartender/server. Had the wings (delish) & the Southwest rolls. I'm from Miami & the place came highly recommended. These were the best wings ever! Service was great...for a new place...they have it totally together. Will repeat.
Not sure I'll go back.  Sure, there are tons of t.v.'s, but they only put 4 different games on. If the game you want isn't one of those 4, too bad. Further, they forced a cover charge 1/2 way through the evening game because of the Mayweather fight-had they told us that we wouldn't be able to finish watching our football games we would have found another place to watch. I am not impressed with their management.
Saw the new one in Estero and stopped in for ribs and NFL  last night. They were tasty and generous with cole slaw and broccoli florets easily substituted for fries. Big portions. We brought our dog, and appreciated the later than Naples hours. We generally eat aftr 9. Outdoor area roomy, somewhat spartan tables and chairs in keeping with sportsbar theme. The Servers are friendly and still learning the offerings, but enthusiastic and get the answers if they don't know Not bad overall for third day open. Food is fresh, drinks are well crafted. Desserts are huge and delicious with good coffee tonight. Management is comitted to making it right, we had a problem with an incorrect carryout order and they treated us to another, perfectly done order no questions asked. We like the loyalty card which builds $10 credit for every $100, a quick, simple and beneficial way for rewards Just opened in Estero, large new facility. they know their mission: fast, friendly, fresh and lots of big screen TV's!! We saw the lights and crowd here Friday night driving by Coconut Point Mall, it's a sure fire hit for Bonita/Estero I recommend you try it especially for sports events! JB
3 stars for the sports bar atmosphere. They have a whole mess of large 40+ inch flatscreens throughout the place and are willing to put on any game you're looking for. Food was just ok. I had the Killer B burger. Burger patties themselves were pretty decent but the Killer B name left me asking one question...Did they kill the bacon before they put it on the burger. It was VERY rare, had a couple better pieces sent back to me. Bacon still wasn't very good though and neither were the rest of the toppings. Jalapenos tasted pickled out of the can and the rest was simply forgettable. If you're looking for sports and beer, come here. The burger place in town though is Harold's place, IMO.
A meal fit for a king... Here King!!  I kid. I kid.. Kinda. This is a focking updated review. I was a seasonal, visiting 1x a week last year. So far I have been here 2 times in the past 4 months.  Why? The quality and value has changed slightly for the worse.   Why? Read on. Food 2 please see the pictures of the ribs. Last year it was served on a rounded plate.  Its an optical illusion!  The elongated rectangular plate makes you believe you have more. Not the fact. quality is both up and down depending on what or when you order.  I enjoyed the Banging shrimp, calamari, sesame encrusted seared tuna, and wings they are in the top 3 in town.  Sadly when the server and manager asked my opinion I provided feedback.  The ribs, in spite of what the manager said wasn't  award wining in my opinion.  It was dry to the taste of my guests and myself. Luckily it was on special so. I want going to push the issue. However, if it was regular priced I would have not eaten them since the ends were too dry and the middle pieces were on the edge of over done. Did you LOOK AT THE PICTURES YET??  Baby back ribs should naturally be moist and tender.  These might have been prepped earlier for noon so at this time they were overdone by around 5:00. Service 5  has been consistently good from bartender Janet and server Lisa. Ambiance 4 Location 4 Value 2   Prices for food and drink increased. They have a customer loyalty card. That you can earn points on rewards card and ask server for specials.  If you wanted more loyalty? Give better prices. Or instant 15-20% off with Bo card. Hope to see improvements. Hate to see the same fate as The Keg and Sanibel steak house. 23/2014
I love this place. Staff is super friendly. If you're visiting from out of town like me, they'll have your favorite sports team on tv. Great place to watch big sporting events on their huge projectors. Food is decent. I went with the three cheese pizza with pepperoni. Not too filling and tasted good. My brother got the Texas tacos. Having lived in San Diego for 5 years, I was a little disappointed, but that was expected. Still a good atmosphere and fun place to drink and watch games.
Lots of space, tons of tv's, and they had intermittent trivia questions being read off by a manager on Friday hh for prizes. Food has been pretty good overall, especially the wings. However, my group also ordered the buffalo chicken spring rolls and there was the protective foil from like a condiment bottle stuck inside it! WTH? Also, my server brought my beer holding the glass at the top, instead of using the neat invention called a handle. I used two napkins to wipe it down. Friggin' gross, man! Lastly, the place was kind of nasty on the floors around the bar outside and tons of dust up in the ceiling outside. I also noticed several tables that had their Tabanero sauce bottles missing lids, which is another health violation. 2 stars only for how delish the wings were with blue cheese. I won't be back soon.
Honestly we were out on a guys night, so this was a late night stop.  Will have to stop back by and actually have a full meal.  I had the fish and chips, pretty tough to screw up fried food, and it was good.  Cooked just right, and fairly reasonable prices.
We went here on vacation as a new spot to try for a quick bite. Little did we know that Wednesday happy hours include half priced apps and half priced alcohol - what luck! Theres lots of TVs around so I'm sure its a great spot to watch a game. Nice looking outdoor area too.  Parking is kind of strange and difficult, we ended up parking in this little lot across the street.  We ordered 4 appetizers I think and each had 3 drinks and a shot at it was less than $70 for three of us!  Food was pretty good except some chicken won ton things we ordered. Our waitress was awesome she was always there to check on us and she was a super happy person which was nice.
If you are going to watch sports and booze,  then maybe it's okay.  They had a nice setup with flat screens. Otherwise, I don't have anything good to say about the Naples location.  We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon about 5pm to grab a bite to eat and enjoy the patio.  My wife ordered tacos, while I ordered beef fajitas.  We each ordered a beer. When the food arrived, I was floored - the fajitas came with a tiny cup of guacamole, a scoop of sour cream, a small amount of cheese suitable for a single taco, and some lettuce shavings that looked like remnants from someone's leftover tacos.  No beans, no rice, etc.  Fine, but the beef fajitas were a joke - 7 small strips of meat with what looked to be stale and recooked onions and peppers (I should have taken a photo of the garbage they brought and sat down in front of me).  In contrast, my wife's tacos looked very good.  I am not one to complain in restaurants, but this was too much. Hence, I explained my dissatisfaction to our waitress and she called over the manager.  Let me tell you, this guy was beyond rude.  He was an older fellow who started lecturing me on how they use standard portion sizes and that they are not in the habit of taking food back just because someone doesn't like the portion.  I was stupefied by this guy's attitude.  I kindly stated that I was surprised that he was defending what they had served me and too bring me my check immediately.  Again, he continued to be rude, but finally agreed to remove the fajitas from my tab - "this time."  When the waitress interjected and asked if I would like something different, he interrupted her and said to :bring them their check." I will not go back to this place, regardless of the location.  Nobody is going to steal $13.99 from me for slop and then come to my table and "preach" to me.  Keep ripping off the tourists.
A sports bar is a sports bar is a sports bar. And this one does not disappoint if you are looking for, a sports bar! It's loud. There a a zillion TV's (ok maybe less, I didn't count) and they've got all sports on, which is of course no surprise. The waitstaff was friendly and while not the best I've ever had, most certainly not the worst. The waitress was soft spoken which can lead to some difficulty in understanding an order or a question but she was very nice and fixed the few issues we had as soon as we brought them to her attention. We both got burgers, build your own which works well for us. They were plenty big but not gigantic and very tasty. I got mine without a bun and sweet potato fries for a little healthier option. The fries were good but I didn't care for the sauce that came on the side, no harm no foul. Basically if you're in the area as we were and want to watch a game while earning some good bar food and having a few drinks, I would check it out. We would go back if we went back to town for sure.
Like: TVs everywhere, 3 different seating rooms, one cozy booths for a cheap date, one indoor for family, one outdoor for smokers. Prices ok, decent food. Dislike: Trying too hard to be a Hooters, need better uniforms, you can be sexy without looking like the tank tops are from a resale shop. Bring your own forks: utensils are cheap like from a college cafeteria. Menu is limited for veggies.
I had such a memorable meal I now cannot remember what in the hell I ate.  I do know I had onion rings that were good.  My wife had chicken wings that were heavy on the garlic.  Ok I remember what I had prime rib.  Meh.  Nothing special.  This is a sports bar with a sports bar menu.  Do not expect anything more or less from Bokampers.  If the name is familiar to you it is because Bokamper played football for the Dolphins a long time ago.  So long ago I was young! Burgers and booze is the play here.
Hip sports bar with great outdoor seating. The ribs are a must and the new oysters are superb! :)
Had to take an early happy hour this Friday. We settled in to a high top table at the veranda's  rail, bordering the lake. I had a Bokamper's Turf & Surf - Don't order it, because I'm making up the name.  It's an order of  bright orange hot wings (yowza), and a side of oyster crackers to feed the soft-shelled turtles that are treading water and begging like puppies.
Bo Kampers offers the best outdoor sports bar in town it sits on a lake and is huge. Indoor seating is great also. Also if your an MMA fan there is no better place to watch the UFC in town. The food is fairly priced and pretty good. The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars are the high drink prices. All in all a great local sports bar.
I just moved to Naples, Fl and this restaurant is located really close to our new home. We keep finding ourselves drawn back for a good selection of beers, casual dining and flat screen TVs with just about every sports game on. The lobster mac & cheese is delicious! We also like to build our own burger and tator tots make the perfect side to go along with it. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend.
Ok for sports bar, don't order Parmesan garlic wings unless you like naked chicken wings with garlic cheese sprinkled on them. If you can't make them, learn to make them or insure your service staff steers anyone ordering them away
Slightly better than average bar food and atmosphere. Waitresses are obviously hired based on looks (in the dark) rather than waiting skills. Expect to find boisterous D-bag bros clustered around the large flat screens with their over-dressed girlfriends. I suppose if you're into the sports bar scene, this is a good place for you. Otherwise, you may want to find another place to get a drink or eat with friends.
Tried it a few times - just not very good. Decent service but food was very plain and kind of flavorless. Burgers, chicken sammy, ribs, soup even fries were very underwhelming. Atmosphere I'll chalk to lunch crowd - may be better after 5 but don't anticipate wasting time finding out .
Don't go to this place unless you're getting a burger. Wings were dry, crab dip was definitely canned, and the wraps were horrible. The only thing that was good was the wait staff, but the food was pretty sub-par. I would not recommend this place to many people. Maybe if u have kids and you just want to go there to have a beer and watch a game while they play in the arcade, but that's it. I will not be coming back.
Pros: TVs, atmosphere, menu variety, friendly service. Cons: had to wait a while to be seated even though there were empty tables, satellite feed kept dropping, nachos were a small portion with cheese sauce you would expect from a high school football game, veggie burger was very mushy and served on plain bread.
(two and a half stars) We tried Bokampers on a busy football Sunday. Miraculously the friendly hostess was able to seat us immediately at a booth in the dining room. The hostesses were all dressed like the world's hottest referees which I tried not to hold against them. The entire place was packed and our booth was really big and comfy, of course TVs in every which direction. I had the largest Margarita I have ever laid eyes on- it was $15 and actually very strong. Good? No, but strong, yes. Husband had a tap Yuengling , his comment was that their Yuengling wasn't very good and he never understands why it's not a domestic price. Our server was so nice. (And now  their uniforms were not cute- cheap looking in every way, sort of boardwalk circa 1992, but I'll live.) Now our food was completely unimpressive. The prices did not jive with either the portions or the quality. I carefully selected the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and was stunned at how tiny the (clearly frozen moments earlier) chicken patty was, the bun was third rate, the fries were blah, not a $10 meal. ( if you like buffalo chx sandwiches Miller's Ale House is superior in every way)  He had the cheese-steak and said it was "fine". I don't plan on going back unless we are desperate to catch a game and don't care about the food, although I guess that's what Pelican Larry's is for.
Not bad. Nice place and pretty good wings. Wife and I like Coke. They have Pepsi. No Landshark. :-). Not rushing back but willing to give it another try sometime. Service ok. Didn't tell us specials. Heard them at another table when it was too late.
Solid better than average bar menu, more options than most.  If there is a big game, or games on, it it a great place to go.  We were lucky to get a comfy booth with good viewing angles, service was good despite the waiter spilling water all over the table.
ATTENTION ALL MALES, I have found your new sports bar to watch the games.  The female hostesses and bartenders are dressed in black and white referee uniforms and waitresses in hot pink tank tops and dark shorts.  Mr. Bokamper knows what he's doing with that alone. They recently took over the building which was formerly occupied by the Keg Steakhouse.  They kept the decor similar, but added about 70 plasma tv's throughout the bar/restaurant and even threw in a mini arcade for the kids.   We made our way to the dining room for some grub after a few cocktails at the bar.  We started with BBQ pork sliders, but I must admit I was a little disappointed.  It was 4 sliders served on hamburger buns with cole slaw on top.  They were tasty, but a little dry.  I couldn't find any of the so-called signature bbq sauce so I added hot sauce from the table for a little moisture.  For dinner I had the chicken caesar wrap served with a hefty portion of kettle chips which I was even less thrilled with.  The chicken was cold and left a little to be desired.  I think I just ordered the wrong thing, because my Dad enjoyed his pot roast. Our server Shelby gave us the best southern hospitality one could ask for and we were even surprised with a greeting at the table by Kim Bokamper himself.  He looks like he can still throw on the pads and chase the quarterback around on Sundays.  I wish him the best of luck with his newest location. I will definitely be back on my next trip to Naples, but will probably stick with the basics.  I'm a fan of the 80's music they play overhead.  I would be re-missed not to mention their Man vs Food like hamburger challenge called "The Beast".  If you are man enough for it, give it a try and if you finish it you will wind up on Bo's Hall of Fame.  Make sure you grab a Key Lime mint on your way out!
Four starts is mostly biased on the music in this place on a Friday night.  I walked in: Sublime, Blind Mellon, Pearl Jam, Sublime, Blues Traveler, Rolling Stones, Bush, and it goes on like this...amazing selection of 90's music (the best era of music I have yet to hear). The people themselves: kinda tool-bags (if you allow me to make up a word, and if not, you most likely fit into that category I just made up).  Beach muscle guys.  Girls wearing clothes one size too small, ya know.  But I dealt with it because of the company and music. We only picked up an app and some drinks, but in the time we were there, very enjoyable.  The patio was something that I hadn't experienced since this summer (being from MN and all), so it was something very enjoyable that I wasn't used to.  The prices were what I expected for an establishment such as this.  Furthermore, I really have nothing bad to say about the taste of music.  if every place had the music selection this place had, there would be a lot more four stars.
A smoking, sport's fan's Mecca! But, that's not me. Upon arrival, I knew that I would have to park far away. Ok... Glad the rains held off on us. Greeted by 4 big smiles of which were from 3 hottties. Nice... The above average noise level hits us along with the waft of cigarette smoke from the farther bar that is open to the outside. Hey, it's Florida and it's hot. Close something. When I am in a place for the first time, I hope to be greeted with something more than "What can I get you?" I asked about the drafts and then ordered a Jai Alai from Cigar City. The cans are getting rare in the marketplace and I grab one when ever I can. Seriously one of the BEST IPA's ever! Well she pours me a cold one as my wife has a $2.99 seltzer. I then note the drink specials on a table card. Let's out a Hmmmmmmmm slowly like Marge Simpson. OK... The menu is vast for a chain but still has the classic comfort foods. Lots of good sides to choose from. I was thinking Stone Crab Soup and the Coconut Shrimp Appetizer at $5 But I saw one go by me and felt the portion was shrimpy. Pun intended. Churrasco steak it is! Marinated overnight in Chimichurri sauce. I order from the sides menu and had to verbally be reminded that it would cost more for the asparagus. (all 7 of them) Ok... No sweet potato fries will be fine, I'll take the mashed potatoes and gravy.  My wife steps up to the plate with Chicken Fajitas. I will say this. They hire eye candy and put their assets in an eye catching referee outfit that made me forget about Hooters. The crowd is very casual to chic hot young ladies. The sports enthusiast would probably appreciate seeing old football or baseball games on a TV here and there. There is a TV every place you look. The food arrives by a totally clueless and frazzled runner that just has it taken away by the staff. We are sitting at the bar BTW as usual. I had ordered my steak rare. Yes, it can be done on a thin cut as I have had many times before. No attempt was made to get it there. The Chimichurri was heavy but Ok. The mashed potatoes were just not homemade style. the gravy had those typical, made from a powder clumps look. The asparagus was not grilled at all. At least in what my interpretation of grilling was. I wanted that light burned and smoked flavor. Oh well... Endure I must. My wife simply said "It's not that good." regarding her Fajitas. But she almost licked her plate. She is the picky one. She would give no stars all the time. Except her repeat favorites. Well... I tried looking in my server's eyes as best I can and smile as she leans over to take my plate. Glad my wife was leaving the tip as I pay the bill. I'd go broke. No thank you to dessert. We leave with a feeling that we needed more. Sadly we said, "Let's go the Whole Foods." A statement never said when we leave a great restaurant with satiety. We see the same 4 smiles sayings Thank you and goodbye. I shake my head and wonder what the heck these people do. High operating costs will keep prices up and make a place go downhill and that is not good when a hill has already been met. I want to go back for the odd drink specials that start at 2 and increase in price every hour. I want to try some unusual appetizers and just wished that they didn't cost as much as most entrees in most restaurants. This place did not leave a warm fuzzy feel in my gut. And I had room in there.
We came because we had a groupon. Outside seating was nice and relaxing. We didn't come for sports. Just to eat. We couldn't hear the music and our food took a long time to come. The rice was cold and the food was a bit pricey - we paid for location I am sure. The swordfish was good and the ribs fell off the bone. The BBQ was a bit sweet but delicious. Service was ok and redeeming the groupon was cake. I don't think we will come again without the groupon - beer special was 5.99 for big mug but overall if you don't mind spending a little extra, it was a nice time.
Bokamper's couldn't be more of a disappointment these days. Up until lately, I had been going there on an almost weekly basis since it opened. Recently, the prices have skyrocketed, the service has deteriorated (although it wasn't very good in the first place) & the quality of the food has significantly gone down. The only good thing about this place anymore are the TVs.
I went to this Sports Bar to watch the game and boxing match last night which is the only thing this place is good for. Obviously it was super packed with people and the service was struggling to stay on top of it. The food was way over priced for the portions. My buddy got the chicken finger appetizer and it was only 4 pieces of short chicken fingers for $7.50. Are they really this cheap? I guess so they must be ripping people off like this to pay for all the TV's in there. I don't reccomend going here unless you like throwing away your money or I guess if your a regular they treat you well, but who knows how much money you would have to spend to do that. So if you want to watch a sports game in every possible direction and be surround by bro-hoes then this place is for you.
Don't order import pitchers. Monday at 2 pm. $20 for a Stella pitcher. Nonsense.
Used to like coming here for the great service industry pricing, but the service is awful, bartenders are like whiny children and the food is ok- wings and chowder good- everything else is just average bar food that isn't even close to being worth the dollars spent. The old phrase you get what you pay for, ya it's cheap, but would rather go to BBG's or Millers Ale House
Went here to watch Hawks win the Stanley cup!!!   Great ambience & perfect cocktails for us pina coladas lovin' ladies.  Pulled pork on nachos made me want a pulled pork sandwich.  Yummy mahi fish tacos, good sweet potato fries, burger & ribs were just ok.  For dessert key lime & coconut martinis were perrrrrfect!  Sophie took good care of us!
After a busy day at work we stopped in for a quick bite to eat shortly after 8PM. I ordered a BBQ burger with fries and while the burger I received was cooked properly the fries were cold and appeared to have been old fries sitting around under a heat lamp. I asked to have fresh fries, and shortly received fries that looked even worse. I believe what I received as replacement fries came from the same batch that had just been returned to the deep fryer. If you've ever found some fries on the floor of your car after a long road trip you've seen the quality of what was served to me last night. The server became hostile after I expressed my displeasure, and avoided us the remained of our visit. We never had a manager visit us as a follow up. The server turned out to be worse than the food!! On a side note : We did watch our server use her next tables glasses as an ice scoop in the bin located at the end of the bar only to discover something floating in the beverage after it was filled from the soda gun. Gleefully she fished out with her fingers, and the aid of a drinking straw that remained in the drink and was delivered to the table. I found it a little gross that the person who just took dirty dishes off a table would put her hands in someone else's drink without so much as washing her hands between. She guaranteed that we will never have food at this establishment again.
Though only open for a few weeks, they get it right at Bokampers.  This is a great spot for a burger, sandwich, or comfort food like pot roast.  The patty melt and cheeseburger were delicious served with fresh onion, lettuce, and tomato.  The fries were large and cooked to perfection.  Service is friendly and efficient.  The outdoor seating area is great fun; too bad they do allow smoking.
Though only open for a few weeks, they get it right at Bokampers.  This is a great spot for a burger, sandwich, or comfort food like pot roast.  The patty melt and cheeseburger were delicious served with fresh onion, lettuce, and tomato.  The fries were large and cooked to perfection.  Service is friendly and efficient.  The outdoor seating area is great fun; too bad they do allow smoking.
Tons of TVs for the ncaa tourny but we didn't eat here.
I've been to Bokampers 3 times.  Each time to watch football and eat some good bar food. I've always enjoyed both the atmosphere and the food.  The wings are great, with a variety of good flavors.  I also enjoy the burgers.  Plenty of TV's and good service.
Let me preface this by saying that only my wife ate and it was only an appetizer. But the manager was very kind when he noticed we moved from a booth to the bar (there was 1 waitress for approx. 10 tables). He admitted it was his fault and gave us a free round of wine, both rare events in Naples. 3 stars only because we did not have a full meal.  I would try this place again.
This place was packed on the night there was UFC match.  The service was ok and the food not bad.  I got the burger with jalapanoes and cheese and fries.  It was pretty good.  The waiter forgot to take my wires order, but she got the prime rib sandwich and it wasn't very good, a little bit dry.  The wings we ordered were ok.  The lobster bisque was very ordinary and my salad nothing great.  The chicken soup was really good and my sisters flatbread chicken pizza was ok.  I would come back here again if there was a big game I wanted to see.
Never had a bad experience since I started coming here a year ago. Everything is awesome.
Good food, casual atmosphere with lots of sporting events on tv, and reasonably priced. Next time, I think I'll try sitting outside! Will definitely be back!
Great atmosphere, friendly patrons and wait staff.  Food isn't bad either.  You don't have to be a sports fan, but it's more fun if you are!!
We were there to watch a broncos game and they had it on so that alone was fantastic.  The food was great, service good, and it was served quickly.  Good prices, fun on a Sunday.  The two downsides are that they were busy enough that the bathroom stalls were pretty gross and the covered patio where all the TVs are located is also where people smoke, so that drifted in.  Otherwise awesome.
"First time there and was quite pleased with the food and the service. Their wings are the best I've ever had and they aren't breaded." I have a gluten intolerance and therefore can't eat wings that are breaded...these worked great and were delicious.
This place is absolutely disgusting. Our waitress was horrendous, didn't smile or check on the table once during our meal. The meal itself was something I wouldn't feed  a dog. I got the steak and it was chewy and flavorless. My friend got the "dolphin" which was actually Mahi (tuna) and it was cold! We also ordered the calamari which was flavorless and questionable as to whether or not it was in fact squid... The only recommendation I can make for this place is to STAY AWAY! If a manager had even been present or come by I would have said all of this to them. Absolutely awful experience.
The burgers were amazing! Service was just ok, fun atmosphere though.  Great place for groups.
Good for exactly what it is, a Sports Bar and Grill.  Great place for wings and burger and a beer.  They actually have a very wide variety of food on the menu. Something for everybody.  Plenty of TV's to catch a game and good bar food. Would go there again.
