My husband & I stumbled upon this place on a recent visit to Punta Gorda and we both agreed it turned out to be one of the highlights of our mini staycation. As we entered the restaurant & approached the Hostess stand, we noticed an article in a display case next to the stand that had a picture of the Chef/Owner. About the same time, we could see a gentleman in a Chef's coat walking towards us. I looked at the article then at the gentleman approaching us & it was one & the same-Chef Keith. Wow we thought and even asked if he ordinarily greets all his customers as he did for us. The response was so genuine that we took an instant liking to Chef Keith. He explained that it's a small town and he knows his regular customers so he made a point to come up to the front to welcome us personally. We felt honored to not only have this warm welcome but we really appreciated the additional time he spent with us at our table and the awesome recommendations he made for our appetizer, entree & wine selections. The escargot crostini was a huge hit for us as was the braised beef short rib. We will definitely be back and I would highly recommend Trabue to anyone reading this review.
We had a really good meal at Trabue when visiting my parents in Punta Gorda. We started with the octopus appetizer, which was quite delicious. The bread they provide is awesome - not sure if they bake it in house, but it is excellent. For entreees, we ordered the lamb shank special (only 2 left so it wasn't actually listed on the menu but my father had seen it on the menu the previous night so he asked), the infamous pork chop, the scallops, and the duck. I'd say the best dish of the night was the lamb shank, followed by the duck. Well at least that's my perspective - I don't love pork chop, but everyone else raved about it. It was delicious, just not my thing! The scallops were good but 3 scallops over a corn dish seemed a bit skimpy. If you're only going to give 3 scallops, I'd think there should be a heartier side. Or, even better, give 4 scallops AND a heartier side! The wine we ordered was quite good (the chef came out to give his recommendation because our waitress admitted she was not super knowledge about the wine list). The service was pretty good (though we had to request water and the waitress's son was dancing like a madman in the middle of the restaurant, which was adorable at first but then got a little annoying when he was actually blocking traffic). Overall, I would definitely return when we are back in town. And I hear they have a killer happy hour, too!
My husband and I were visiting my mother in pt charlotte.  We were at our hotel while having a drink at the rooftop bar... My husband looked on Yelp to search out a place for dinner!  We had narrowed down our choices to three, and decided on Trabue based on its reviews!  My husband ordered the octopus starter, and was impressed with the flavor and texture, I ordered the roasted beet salad, delicious! Our entrees included the lamb shank and curried rice, the lamb fell off the bone, delicate flavor, rice lovely! The scallops were perfect, seared beautifully, and the corn relish a fantastic blend of flavor and texture. We succumbed to the decadent creme brûlée. Absolutely fabulous! Creamy, smooth and perfectly caramelized topping. We would have given 5 stars, but our server, despite being a sweet girl, she was 'spark out' and did not seem to have it all together.  The hostess is a diamond, lovely professional, smiling, great first impression! Chef Keith made a point to come meet us! His attitude and genuine personality come out in the restaurant! We will definitely return!
We seem to always forget about this place, but it's always a great surprise when we head to Punta Gorda. Every single time we have eaten here we have had an amazing meal. The outside patio seating is very cute and cozy, during season I suggest making a reservation. We took friends for the first time last weekend and they loved it equally as much. There are many places in Punta Gorda that have extremely poor food and service, so this is the perfect choice. When you check in on Yelp be sure to enjoy your complimentary glass of wine, the house Pinot Noir was excellent. The mussels are a personal favorite as well as the roasted beet and goat cheese salad. Be sure to order the braised short ribs as an entree with their mashed potatoes you will not be disappointed. I read a few reviews about the service here, that may have been our only complaint in the past but our server this trip was great. Extremely polite, funny and attentive. Needless to say we never had an empty drink. This will continue to be one of our favorite places to visit while in PG. I highly recommend it.
First time we have been there.  Had heard good things and it seems they are true. The food was excellent, but I thought the service was a little inattentive.  I ordered a second cocktail during the appetizer and didn't get it until half way through the main course. That was my only complaint, but at $4.50 for a cocktail, and a generous one, I shouldn't complain. The food:  the mussels were excellent with plenty of flavorful broth.  They serve a crusty bag gut that was wonderful, something that is lacking in almost every other restaurant in Punta Gorda. I had the duck confit. It was crispy on the outside and tender and flavor-able on the inside, a very generous portion of two legs. Others had the beef Bourgogne. I tasted it.  It too was excellent, lots of beefy flavor without being overpowered by the wine.  Not a bad choice.  I want to try their pork chop next.  I understand they get it from a pig farmer that doesn't try to breed all the fat out of it. It has some marbling that should improve the flavor.
Chef Keith Meyer is a treasure to have in Punta Gorda.
Fail...  I have been to Trabue twice in six months, both for dinner. On my first visit the service was VERY slow. Which I thought was strange given the fact that it was maybe 1/3 full.   In spite of the fact that it was all but impossible to read the menu outside (where we sat) for the lack of light (I used my cell phone screen), we enjoyed the entertainment and waited out the slow service - I even had to walk into the bar for my first drink!   Last night I reluctantly returned to Trabue and once again we were seated outside (love it) and after 15 minutes had NOT been approached by a staff member.  This time we opted to get up and walk off; there are just too many other places to go in Punta Gorda with good food AND good service.
When I am home visiting I dont want to have drinks anyplace else now, NO WAY. Gators, Harpoon Harrys, etc those are not really my thing or preferred atmosphere when I am hanging out with my friends or on a date.... one time I ordered a screwdriver and got literally TANG mixed in with this horrible cheap Vodlka. Yeah. Tapas One, its an amazing gem around here and I only wish it was around a few years ago!  If you want to go out for drinks, but a bar with burping and beer flying everyplace is not quite your thing (congratulations, you are a minority in this town) you should check this place out.  During the day its a great place to stop by and grab a Sangria with a plate of food to share, at night its an amazing modern bar for people who want to sit down in a nice clean ( creeper-free ) atmosphere and enjoy friends company with great food and drinks.  Check out the back seating outside, I didn't even know it existed at first~ but its great for lunch! The menu is very unique with a bit of asian-fusion going on, something for everyone for sure.  Some of the Tapas are way smaller vs others, so it can be one of those places that once you know what to order for yourself/ your table through trial and error you have a perfect time.  Everything tastes amazing though, but an example would be the spare rib tapa that only came with maybe 3 ribs... bit too small for all of us to nibble on :) I have had great martinis here (so far the bartender has not let me down!) and a very interesting whipped cream vodka that my friend suggested, it was great and worth a try!  One night by chance I bumped into a sweet woman and was chatting with here a bit, come to find out she was the owner! She is so amazingly nice, I hope this new location continues to thrive!
9/12/2013- made reservations for the Thursday night dinner.....Fabulous!  It was Lobster 'n Filet night.   Starting with the romaine lettuce wedge w/ two large blackened shrimp set on top.  Filet was cooked perfectly along with garlic mashed potato's w/ asparagus.  I must say, each wine pairing was perfect too.  And of course, can't leave out the cheesecake dessert!!!!  Chef Keith is very good at being creative with his menus.  Sign up w/ emails to find out..... Steak salad for lunch is one of my favorites, but if in the mood for a hamburger.......  Trabue serves a good one.
Grew up in Punta Gorda and go back to visit often, this city has changed a lot, and for the better. Nothing is a better example of this than Tapas One. It seems completely out of place in downtown Punta Gorda (at least the way I remember it) but is a very welcome addition. Excellent drink list with plenty of new stuff to try, a solid menu to fulfill almost any craving.    I had the opportunity to try the squid salad (forget what it was called) and it was excellent. I also ordered asian meatballs (again, don't remember the exact name on the menu) and these were really good as well, although a bit too salty for me. Overall, it's a great place to kick back and have a drink or a light meal with friends. Also make sure you check out the back porch, it's pretty awesome.
This place was such an amazing experience. The menu is small but you can tell they take the time to ensure the food is quality and cooked right. Great wine selection and great service. If you're looking for something different to do or a good date night place this is it. We were on our way to tampa and stopped for dinner, this place is now on our go to list when we have extra time. Thank you yelp.
Outstanding food!  It is a week later, and I still can't stop thinking about how perfect the Seared Sea Scallops with Sweet Creamed Corn, Bleu Crab and Shitake Mushrooms was.  If I had been at home, I would have been tempted to lick the plate to not miss the perfect blend of the smokey corn and crab flavors. For the appetizer, the Mussels Provençal was absolutely delicious. Other members of our group enjoyed the Olive Hummus, Crispy Duck Confit, and the Chairman's Reserve NY Strip Steak. Although the food was amazing and the service was excellent, I knocked off one star because it was Friday night and we had to go to our third choice for Pinot Noir (the first two were sold out) and had to go elsewhere for desert because they were sold out for all but two.  This restaurant is truly a gem - the management just needs to bring its A game, too.
The food in this place is absolutely delicious! The menu has changed from a (limited and mediocre) list of tapas to superb food made with the freshest ingredients. I had visited it twice when they only served tapas and was quite disappointed but, since they moved away from tapas to a regular menu, it definitely deserves a second look from the customers who, like me, were unhappy with the tapas. The chef is superb and Ken, the manager, is very knowledgeable and interacts great with the customers. From what I understand, the name will change in August to reflect the fact that they are no longer a tapas place. The only thing I don't like is the decor at the entrance of the restaurant. The South Beach-style side rooms are too "kitchy" for my taste. This restaurant definitely signals a revival of high-end gastronomy in Punta Gorda and will become a serious competitor to my other local favorite, The Perfect Caper.
The first two times my wife and I ate here (before they changed their name to Trabue) it was very good. They had lots of choices, interesting wines and better service. The last time we had limited food choices, the duck was raw (even the waitress thought so), and she should not have really been throwing any stones since she could not open the bottle of wine. Avoid this place unless you want to throw away your money on raw food and worse service.
Apparently this restaurant had a location in Port Charlotte but closed and opened this location not long ago.  I was in town for business and joined a colleague for dinner.  The decor is sleek and modern with tall ceilings, modern light fixtures, and a spacious dining room.  The wine and beer list is pretty good with a somewhat eclectic selection including Belgian beers and some interesting wines.  The service was competent, though not stellar.  For instance, the server did not know what Bourbons they have even though there are only three (Maker's Mark, Wild Turkey, and Jim Beam)   We ordered four dishes:  Greek Salad, Lamb Chops, Seared Scallops, and a Charcuterie Plate.  Everything was good.  Execution was solid and portions were ample.  The only negative I could offer about the food is that the stems of dried shitake mushrooms should not be served.  They are woody.  Other than that, the lamb was cooked perfectly and served with a bulgar dish something like tabouli,  seared scallops were served with spinach and a yummy sherry cream sauce.  The scallops were cooked perfectly.  The Greek salad was what you would expect and the charcuterie plate was a very generous portion and very tasty.  It consisted of grapes, 3 cheeses, chorizo, salami, bread rounds, pita, and drizzled with honey.  I would definitely go back.
Tapas has changed it's name to Trabue. Trabue was the name of one of the early settlers in the area and was the original name of what is now Punta Gorda. I had not eaten there before this week but it looks like some major changes are in place. First of all the menu is no longer tapas. The menu is diverse with emphasis on food from this area. For instance the featured seafood of the day was triple tail, a fish readily available this time of year in Charlotte harbor. I rate this restaurant five stars across the board and it makes a welcome addition joining the Perfect Caper and Table 209 to give Punta Gorda a troika of truly fine dining establishments.
This is a sometimes overlooked gem in downtown pg. Happy hour should not be missed! Check out the sliders for sure. I have had them all..lamb, burger, and esp. sHORT RIBs..all wonderful. More adventurous and well executed dishes than any other place in town and well-priced. Lovely garden dining too!
Took a ride up to their Port Charlotte restaurant only to find it closed for the summer last year.  So I was delighted to find they opened in the neighborhood in October of 2010. I took my mother there for her birthday, the restaurant had a private party going on  outside on the patio, so we were seated just inside, right by the door that leads to the patio and promptly forgotten!! Now the food, I've been to Spain and any resemblance to true Spanish Tapas is a coincidence.  The bottom line here is the service is bad and the food is no better, plus its over, considerably overpriced!! There is a cute place on the corner almost  directly across the street that is head and shoulder above this place.  Maybe this place has improved over the year, the first and last time I ate there was in October of 2010, but I don't think so.
Simple boring old people no flavor food. After reading the reviews on yelp was happy to check this place out before returning to MA. Ordered some from the hot and cold menu and the hot items were cold and not prepared as advertised.  Now the simple humas had flavor was the best part of the meal which is not saying much. My real problem with the place is I am currently typing this from the bathroom due to food poisoning.
I have to laugh at the two reviews from 3/5/11 as I was there that night as well. Everything I had was fantastic, including the steak bruschetta. The music could have been better, but it was certainly not terrible.
It's too bad this restaurant doesn't do it...it has a lovely outdoor area. But, alas, the food is in small portions (these are tapas, small portions but com'on, give four meatballs, not three for four people). The food is mediocre at best. The wait staff when we were there couldn't care less about helping and probaly about being there themselves. Will not be back
Shrimp grit étouffée.  Perfection.
New cook, great food! Short rib slider is THE best. Oh, and great music on the weekends.
We checked out Tapas One a few weeks ago.  I'm a lover of small bites, and had been a fan of the former Bin 82 at the location because of the ambiance of the place.  The ambiance is still there and extended by a beautiful outdoor dining space and updated bar area.  Moreover, the food is absolutely magnificent.  Not the traditional tapas, but a nice blend of Asian, Spanish and other world cuisines in small samples which  gives you a chance to taste a number of dishes at one setting especially if you go in a group and share.  I had the spareribs -- incredible in an Asian sauce, and the melt-in your mouth scallop equally good.  Wine choices were good as were the beers.  Service could be better, uneven, and this is where the 4 stars came in -- would have been 5.  I have written more on this place at youbelonginpuntagordablo….
Our recent dinner at Trabue was great!  the Salmon was delicious!  We have been reluctant in the last several months after a very non memorable meal  in the last few months to come back, however we made another attempt, and Trabue did not disappoint!  In our humble opinion, weekly clients are far more valuable, than seasonal ones, as WE are the ones who keep the doors open for the restaurants livelihood!  Keep the goodness coming, we will be there every week!
This is the worst tapas ever! The steak on the steak bruchetta was gray and listed on the hot side of the menu was served cold and the "rosemary chicken" had no rosemary or any of the other ingredients listed except for the chicken. Instead of printing up new menus when they decided to no longer carry an item they crossed it out, for the price they charge half of the menu wasn't even available. Further more the music was horrendous, he was out of tune and talked too much! The only reason I am giving one star was because of our waitress melissa.
Excellant food and service!  Great job by chef and staff! Linda is a top notch server! , do not miss this great place for food and it is an Excellant value.
A little too proud of themselves but acceptably good food nonetheless.  Not great, but maybe a decent date night.
