Amazing massage place in Chinatown. I have been here many times, They always do good job for foot and body massage. They offer 10min free massage with 60min massage! This place is very relaxing, and people here are very kind! Go to Kimberley Spa! U will love it!
U get free 10 mins with 60 mins foot maasage. Total of 70 mins. What a deal!  Nice and family staff.
this was the first time i got a foot massage. I love it! People there was so nice . Price is cheap.
Great massage, very friendly workers, and a relaxing atmosphere. Not to mention affordable prices. Definitely coming back
Definitely a great place to come after a long work week! All my knots (especially my shoulders) always gets loosened. The staff is friendly and very welcoming. $35 for a 1 hour body massage is most certainly worth it!
Extra 10 minutes for writing a review! First spot that shows you their timer for being legit with what they promised!! Decent price for chinatown area.
Wonderful service , great friendly professional team. Great environment. Highly recommended!!!
This spa provides great service! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. It's worth your money!
Excellent service. First time coming here, enjoyable atmosphere. It's also a clean place.
First time coming here. This place offer Very good foot rub and massage at gpod price. Would recommend to others.
They're super hospitable in here. Really attentive. Great atmosphere. Foot massage was awesome. Prices are lower than some competitors.
A cozy, no frills place in Chinatown. You can get a great foot or body massage at very reasonable prices. Its nice and clean inside.
Awesome service! Great staff. I am a regular customer at Kimberley spa.  $35 for a one hour massage and occasionally there would be a complimentary 15 min massage. Stamp cards are also available. Come here 10 times and you get a free one hour massage. My favorite are Tina and Coco. You must look for them!
It's a really good place that I will definitely go there again. Really recommend it!! I will do foot+back next time:)
I've always wanted to get a foot rub in Chinatown and finally did tonight. IT. WAS. AMAZING. We got an hour foot massage (including a little hot stone action at the end) plus 10 minutes neck/shoulder/back massage (absolute heaven!) for $35. I was worried it would hurt, but the guy doing my massage was great - just the right amount of pressure. I left feeling amazing. I thought it might be crowded, there would be loud conversation and it would smell like feet. Not so! There were 6 comfortable recliners in the same room, no offensive smells at all, and they dimmed the lights so we could really enjoy an hour of quiet relaxation. The guys there were super nice also. I will definitely be coming back!
This place is easy to miss but it's absolutely fabulous. Was getting ready for the NYC marathon and needed some TLC - but nothing too intense. Worked with Amy who was very attentive and effective. It was clear she could go harder but toned it down for me. Note that the primary language here is Mandarin Chinese though the manager speaks fine English. Would be worth looking up a few phrases (lighter, harder, good, hurts) to endure you get what you need. At $35 for an hour of full body massage - can't beat this experience.
My quality of life depends on getting a great massage at least once a month.  It's a non-negotiable part of my life, like breathing.  Unfortunately, I'm picky, and I seldom consider anything a truly "great" massage.  Moreover, I hate mediocre massages.  In fact, I have a history of getting up off the table and walking out of other facilities in the middle of what I felt were mediocre massages.   So I discovered this place a year ago after a looong search and many frustrating experiences (after I lost a great massage therapist who went back to China).  My first time there I got a fantastic massage from "Maya" (?).  I came back a month later and got an even better massage, and then an even better one.  It was mind-blowing. Sadly, Maya  left after I had seen her six or seven times, and I thought I would have to go through another long search to find a worthy replacement.  Kimberley's manager had to beg me to try another therapist, "Tina," who he insisted would be even better.  I was sure that would not turn out to be true, but I was wrong.  Tina is possibly even better.  She is not only highly-skilled, but she is also warm and caring, intuitive, and gives her full attention.
This place is so accommodating and ensures that one is relaxed, without needing to say anything. They dimmed the lights when needed, asked about pressure and made sure we got the right masseurs to fit the type of massage. They even gave this one lady a free foot massage as she waited for her friends to finish their massage. I will definitely be back.
Really a great place and excellent service. Have been coming here since Jan 2014 for foot massage and they do an excellent job. Friendly people.
Fucking amazing! Was busy but they made time for us. Small setting, nothing too fancy but they are professional and get the job done excellently. We arrived without any sort of appointment and were greeted with a free foot massage. My feet feel like brand new now. Afterwards they took us to private curtained off sections to get our massages. So good I fell asleep. Really cheap! Really good! I will probably make this a weekly habit!
Excellent service, only $25 for a foot massage. The only reasons that I'm making the deduction of the 1-star is that we went in and asked for a foot rub, but they told us to lay on the bed, take off our clothes and we were confused but obliged anyways. The language barrier was what caused them to thing we said "full body" when we said "foot rub". Anyways, we ended up just getting what we asked for when we pointed to our feet. AMAZING massage! I fell asleep
This is a little hidden gem off the beaten path of Chinatown. You get what you pay for, which is a really good foot massage! It felt so good I fell asleep and literally drooled! Lol
I woke up on a Sunday morning in excruciating pain, turns out I slept in a weird position that pulled a muscle extending from my shoulder to mid-back. It hurt to stand up straight. I hunched my way over a few blocks to Kimberley spa, and I am so glad that I did! Jack was my masseuse. I have to say-I was very apprehensive to have a man give me a massage, but Jack was very professional, polite and conservative. Not once did I feel uncomfortable with Jack. He literally climbs on the bed and uses his body weight to deliver a fabulous massage. He used hot stones, steaming towels and massage oils.  I've paid hundreds for fancy schmancy massages, but the massage I received from Jack was by far the best I've ever had. Be warned that this 'spa' is nothing fancy-but it does the job. Will be returning every week for $35 1hr massage.
Nice price and wonderful service ! Enjoy it and don't miss it. It is good to say that here is very deserve, moreover the price is people most care about and here is the cheaper than other store!
Best deal in the city. Hot stones upon request at no extra charge. Friendly service!!!
Great foot massage, great price.  Been coming here all year and it's such a relaxing and unfussy experience. I usually do the 1 hour foot massage and today I received a complimentary 10 min back rub.   Everytime I'm in Chinatown I make time for a foot rub!
Only $25 for an hour long foot (and up to mid leg) massage which ends with a hot stone rub down! You don't even have to cross south on Canal! I come here often and always get good service and attended to right away.  There's wifi too so you can catch up on your phone while your feet get a good rub down from all the walking you do in the city!   There isn't a no talking policy, so it's not as quiet in the room for feet massages (5 chairs in the room).  Yet, for the price I recommend this place!
Wow.   I stopped in here on Saturday and was giving an amazing one hour massage by Angela!   She had the touch of an angel,  worked out some serious kinks in my back and for the price of $35, who cares if it's no frills.   The body work works and the price is right!
Good value and often available when other locations are booked. Also accept credit cards. Great!
I have been coming for nearly a year now, and I come at least twice a month. The price is fair and the service is great. The atmosphere is nice and quiet. The foot massage is extremely relaxing and the body massage includes hot stones which is a must try!  Everyone is professional. I have been going to the same guy but I tried another person once when he wasn't around and it was still good! I usually tip $10 because for the price and service they really deserve it. If you're in chinatown looking for a good, clean, fair priced, and professional massage services do give this place a try, you won't regret it!
Nice quiet atmosphere; quality staff member.  Great place. Went here with my mom for a foot massage for $25/hour.  My mom came out extremely satisfied with her masseuse (named Michael).  One thing that we definitely like about this place that we have not found at other place is that they do massage your calves.  We think this is important because we have thick calf muscles and they are always causing cramps for us. They also use hot stones on your feet so that is an added plus because the heat can really loosen up any tight muscles.  Will definitely be visiting quite often; my mom is going to be a regular LOL.
Didnt know what to expect coming, but really glad i came in. The atomsphere is serene and the massage therapists have been doing this for many years. Great massages! Clean and friendly! Definitely coming back and bringing friends!
I'm from California been doing a lot of walking check yelp for best foot massages and Kimberly Spa is the best..
I came here for a very needed massage.  I thought about getting a Groupon but did not want to pay $12+ tips... so i came here to try out the service.  It was great.  The lady (Amy) was really nice.   I wanted a female to massage me because I do not feel comfortable otherwise.  For some reason, it is a frowned upon idea (for foot massage anyway).  Anyway, I made the request and they were happy (enough) to fulfill it. Pro: -cheap, good massage! -nice strong lady - Amy -buy 10 hours get 1 free -$35 for 30 min body & 30 min foot massage (I tipped $8) Con: -a bunch of staff (3 girls, 1 guy owner wearing flip-flops?)   They are all just hanging out, looking at their phones, playing games with speakers, watching YouTube, chatting, flirting??!!  It made the supposed to be relaxing environment pretty uncomfortable... Other notes: -it's NOT a SPA!  It was acceptable! -you do hear noises from another room sometimes but it wouldn't bother me
This place is literally a hidden gem on Bowery Street. The prices are very reasonable, the staff are friendly, and the space is clean. I have been here a few times for the 60 minutes half and half (back and feet) for $35 dollars. This is a great place if you're sore from the gym, like I usually am, or if you just want to indulge yourself. The foot massages are off the hook if you like strength in the kneading of your feet.
Great bargain massage, cheap enough to be a frequent luxury. My wife and I have both had $35 body massages here from several different therapists who have been consistently good. Today trying feet for $25. Rooms are cleaner than most. People very nice. A good reason all by itself to come to Chinatown.
OMG!! I just had the massage from heaven!! Me and a girlfriend found this Spa and loved it. Great service and price!! Next time I'm in NYC I'll be back! Thank you Kimberley's Spa!!
Amazing service! Thanks. ---R. Salome
It is a good spa!! Good service, good massage, etc..  Definitely the one everyone should go for the massage.
Kimberly has amazing service. I have received massages internationally and around the New York area. The service, the work is truly incredible and recommend everyone to stop by for a therapy. Thank you and see you soon :)
This place is good for foot massage for a reasonable price. However, we came in a very busy time and def felt rushed. I probably will come here again!
Been here a couple times and once with my girlfriend. Its a wonderful place with great prices. The masssage therapists are amazing and real professionals. This is now my go too massage place in nyc. Dont miss out on this one!
U can get the best massage with nice price here. And nice  masseuse who is really professional and nice while taking massage!!! U will def repeat here
It's the most well spent $35 in my life. This place is awesome! The massage is very relaxing. Hot stone application at the end is a must!
Very easy and relaxing. Walked right in and did an hour foot massage. I brought headphones and tea and zoned out! Great price, nice staff. Will be back!
I have been a regular customer here for about a year based on a friend's recommendation. The staff are friendly. The price is reasonable and the quality of service is very good (Coco and Tina have been my massagists). After 10 times, you get a free one hour massage.
My friend recommended this spa to me and I was very impressed.  Most of the places that I have been to at this price, always raises a flag when it comes to the linen that I lay down on but it was noticeably clean.  That is the first thing I look for when receiving spa/massage services.  My masseuse was Jasen, requested the deep tissue and he delivered with flying colors.  They have the option of using oil which I chose, it was wiped clean with fresh warm towels, also the hot stones were an unexpected bonus.  You go to any other spa and this will cost you much more.  Overall, it was a 5 star experience with a 2 star price.  Thank you to my friend who recommended it and needless to say, I will be going back!
I've been here a couple of times now, great and friendly staff and very good price. Highly recommended.
This Spa is great.  Nice atmosphere & very good services for a good deal without any coupons.  They even offer specials for returning customers.  I have been here several times and will return.  I am one satisfied customer.
I've been here twice now ... One for a full body and one for a foot reflexology massage! Both were fantastic and the people who work there are super nice! I'd recommend this place!
Great place for relaxation! Service is awesome. Check it out and won't regret it. Will definitely come back soon.
Overall a nice experience at Kimberly Spa. Definitely worth the price. I went for the 1 hour foot massage for $25. The staff was friendly. I'd definitely come back again.
Attentive staff, talented reflexologists. Definitely a quality experience !
Great foot massage. Offering specials on yelp reviews. They give an extra 10 minutes for foot massage and 15 for body massage
