good spot to hang with friends
This review is for the bar and drinks only.  We didn't eat anything here as we weren't hungry at the time. They have excellent selection of craft and imported beers.   Quadrium Ale was of unbelievable taste,  It's listed here as one of my photos.  Bartender was very friendly and made everything perfectly.  I will definitely come back and eat this time.  Food looked very yummy, too bad we already ate before coming in here.
I went to this place for dinner by my self sunday night 5/25/ 2013 around 10 pm ; I order a pear salad and a skirt steak. The salad arrive about 15 min later( place was empty ) the main course arrive 5 min after the salad , so now I have the first and 2nd course on the table ; waiter , busboy never check on me . I fell like I was no appreciate ; finally I walk to the bar to ask for my check . (Pear salad was good) the staff need more training
Has Standard Brunch options, Unlimited drinks, and a small patio. Good beer list.
You wanna have the best night of your life? come on a weekend night! I found this place because of this website and I must say it was the best thing. We got there and there were people dancing, so we included ourselves in the dance party. Best thing. Drinks were awesome and affordable, I haven't tried the food yet but I definitely will.
Brunch was overall average...but tasted fresh.  Why 2 stars?  There was nothing particularly interesting on the menu...this was all stuff I could easily make at home.  In addition to the boring menu, service was impossibly slow.   To their credit (which I was not there for), their beer list is comprehensive...like HUGE...they also seem to have some reasonably priced cocktails.  The place looks like a diner on the inside but could be worth a late night visit.
Pro: Good Food. Actually, really good food. Con: Really bad service all around, including this gem (broken English included): "You still pay for mimosa, even if we don't bring it out".
I've been going to this place since 1999... it was always that funky, comfortable place to chill at and have drinks and small plates. Throughout the multitude of new management and high turnover of staff, I go back mainly because I like the food and I adore the decor; the retro style furniture and pop art.  The service is friendly, music is on point, seating is comfortable. Thing is, it always seems they're understaffed because takes forever to get anything!! So my suggestion: don't go when you're ravenous, or in dire need of a drink. Also make sure you're always with ppl you like to be around. You'll be there a while.
This place is solid for brunch. Tons of creative options for vegetarians and a couple for vegans. OK coffee, good skim cappuccino and fair Bloody Mary. The eggs benedict salad and banana walnut ricotta pancakes were both fabulous, and while there's no way we would travel back to Queens for this or any brunch, I'd recommend it to anyone in the vicinity. Funky décor, from rainbow windows to Barbies designating the bathrooms, gives the place a relaxed vibe.
Very trendy and tasty. Staff was kind and attentive and prices for brunch were $10.99-12.99 with most serving a drink. So go and yummy your belly for Sunday brunch. Kid friendly (at least for mine 15,9) and waiting time was fast
Great spot to sip something and watch Astoria walk by. Brought my pup here and relaxed on the patio Saturday afternoon. Cozy interior. Attentive service. Mediocre burger. Good coffee.
Love Cafe Bar!  It's my go-to spot in the evening when I want a low-key dinner and drinks with girlfriends in the neighborhood. The ambiance is "unique" and "creative" (in a good way). I prefer it at night; there's something about the lighting that drops against the drapes and paintings. The bathroom is eclectic too (note: Barbie, Ken and the vintage posters). The food here is excellent! It is fresh and of high quality. My default?  The vegan platter!  Their quinoa pilaf, spicy mushrooms, kale and Brussels sprouts is delicious. So happy that they actually have healthy options that isn't made from processed ingredients; a rare feat for this area.
Came here for brunch. Had the English breakfast and unlimited mimosas-- orange juice was quite watery and lacked flavor. Clearly used a cheap product. The breakfast however was delicious- best home fries I've had in a while- big chunky potatoes and Carmelites onions. Yum! Service was unfriendly. Our waitress seemed aloof.
Not a bad spot for a chill time.  I had the quinoa salad, which isn't too big but was really sufficient for me.  The waittress had suggested it was small, so I added the quinoa falafel.  I could have done without it, but they were good nonetheless. I thought the rose was way tastier than the Spanish white I ordered first. The biggest downer was that mosquitos kept biting us even when we moved from outside to inside.  The inside isn't that atmospheric too, but the servers are nice and they serve ionized water, if that's something you're into. Pretty pricey for what it is in Astoria.
The decor at this place is interesting. It's definitely a fun vibe. The food is good, but nothing earth shattering.  The service is hit or miss though, depending on the staff on hand.
good spot to hang with friends
Indeed, I'm a fan! Cafe Bar is a funky diner (open 4 hours) serving the Astoria community with really dependable breakfast staples and various Greek and Mediterranean treats. It's got a bit of Park Slope in it, with the kiddie and family-friendly thing, and board games and books and couches and WiFi , but also a dab of cinema and the arts (there's also a disco ball). Both of our breakfasts were great--the Cypriot (which came with a giant Greek sausage that I quite enjoyed), and the Mediterranean. The eggs were not as good as the ones at Cafe Orlin (my bar for egg transcendence) but good nonetheless. Not a bad deal for $13, including a free brunch cocktail. The Bloody Mary was well spiced. For dessert we shared a Frasier (a kind of vanilla tart) that was tasty. The service tends to drag, but if you're on a lazy weekend mission, you've come to the right place. Linger as long as you like--no one's booting you out for the next set of brunchers.
Fartsy. First impressions count for a lot. With tacky decor and customers who look like they came straight from Jersey Shore, I was tempted to give Cafe Bar just two stars; however, the food was decent so for what it was, I'll go ahead and give it three. Why not. Out of our draft selections, a friend and I settled for these by bottle. And to eat we split an order of the sweet potato fries, and we each ordered a taco- chicken and fish, respectively. Surprisingly, these were quite tasty. And seated by a couple who had had too much to drink- or possibly had watched too much Jersey Shore-- or some sort of combination of the two-- we also had live entertainment. Our conversation would periodically be interrupted by smacking of the lips- interjected by occasional smacking of the arse- between a middle-aged man and a girl who looked young enough to be his daughter- and generally disinterested. I can't say that I'll return.
I live right around the corner and have been here a few times now. The food is fresh, quality, but entirely too pricey for what you get and for the neighborhood. I'd choose Locale over Cafe Bar any day. The cocktails are wonderful, but yet, too expensive. The service is also quite slow - especially on bringing drinks/refills.
While in Astoria, I no doubt ate at this place more than any other restaurant in all the city, likely due to the proximity to my house and the outdoor dining area was fantastic for Scrabble playing, people watching and just generally feeling like an oasis in the neighborhood. I'm no longer in the neighborhood, and can't walk down to this little cafe and enjoy the wireless and the mezze plate surrounded by vintage furnishings and art any longer but you definitely should if you can!
Very Disappointed by this place who apparently just had a renovation. They should have replaced their wait staff while they were at it too. When my friend and I first sat down it took over 10 minutes for the waiter to come by to take our order. Food took forever (over 30 minutes) when it arrived, it wasn't even hot and the waiter disappeared so there was never a chance to complain. He never came back to give us the check and we had to flag down a different waiter to finally come over to bring us the bill. Bad service, bad food, decor ok, I won't be back.
I chose Cafe Bar for a weeknight meet up because they have great outdoor seating. The drinks are great, the staff is super, and the ambiance is fun. It makes for a great chill meet up. I liked the apps (we got guacamole and the eggplant dip) and I would love to try more of them, like the grilled octopus. However, the entree is where I feel where Cafe Bar missed the mark. I ordered the scallops and they were overcooked and dense. I would have been happy eating the arugula apple salad with the quinoa alone. My friend also commented that the crepe was a little dry. I'll probably be back for drinks and snacks, but I'd hesitate to order larger plates.
I love this place. Delighted to know that they're open 24 hours. I ordered the veggie wrap with mozzarella (sans tahini), and the eggplant dip. Was delighted by both. The veggie wrap was really earthy, lots of green sprouting out of it. The eggplant dip was delicious, and thankfully was not like babagonoush, so there was no tahini in it. I also tried their white sangria, which was great and fairly priced. The bill was pretty expensive -- 24 dollars before tip, but very much worth it. I ordered take-out the next day and had the eggplant dip and the halloumi and spinach fritters. I'd order the dip again, but not the fritters. I don't typically like fried food, but this was really not for me. Very doughy.
A few friends of mine and I visited this place right down the road from us. We had always passed it and were intrigued to try this place out and try it we did. The architecture in this place would best be described as eclectic. It had many different styles with many different aspects all lumped together and occupying the same space. I liked it and I thought this place benefited from it. The bartender was friendly without being overly obnoxious. He brought me my beer and wine for my friends and didn't give my friend an awkward stare when he only wanted water. He was also easy to talk to and gladly recommended Mother's Milk to me, an 8 dollar dark oatmeal beer that was delicious. The reason I gave this place three stars was because of its hideously expensive cocktails and drinks. The cheapest beer was 5 dollars, Bud and Bud Light, which was interesting because this place seemed like it would be a hipster haven, where are my PBRs? The cocktails were also quite overpriced and weren't even worth my time reviewing them because most of them were over 10 dollars. The food here looked good but I didn't order any and it also did seem a bit steep. Although this place stays open 24/7 if I do find myself thirsty and hungry at 4 in the morning, I would probably rummage through my fridge rather then eating and drinking here. It's cheaper and I'm sure this place attracts all sorts of strange people at 4 in the morning.
I went to this place for dinner by my self sunday night 5/25/ 2013 around 10 pm ; I order a pear salad and a skirt steak. The salad arrive about 15 min later( place was empty ) the main course arrive 5 min after the salad , so now I have the first and 2nd course on the table ; waiter , busboy never check on me . I fell like I was no appreciate ; finally I walk to the bar to ask for my check . (Pear salad was good) the staff need more training
You wanna have the best night of your life? come on a weekend night! I found this place because of this website and I must say it was the best thing. We got there and there were people dancing, so we included ourselves in the dance party. Best thing. Drinks were awesome and affordable, I haven't tried the food yet but I definitely will.
Pro: Good Food. Actually, really good food. Con: Really bad service all around, including this gem (broken English included): "You still pay for mimosa, even if we don't bring it out".
I've been going to this place since 1999... it was always that funky, comfortable place to chill at and have drinks and small plates. Throughout the multitude of new management and high turnover of staff, I go back mainly because I like the food and I adore the decor; the retro style furniture and pop art.  The service is friendly, music is on point, seating is comfortable. Thing is, it always seems they're understaffed because takes forever to get anything!! So my suggestion: don't go when you're ravenous, or in dire need of a drink. Also make sure you're always with ppl you like to be around. You'll be there a while.
Very trendy and tasty. Staff was kind and attentive and prices for brunch were $10.99-12.99 with most serving a drink. So go and yummy your belly for Sunday brunch. Kid friendly (at least for mine 15,9) and waiting time was fast
Great spot to sip something and watch Astoria walk by. Brought my pup here and relaxed on the patio Saturday afternoon. Cozy interior. Attentive service. Mediocre burger. Good coffee.
Love Cafe Bar!  It's my go-to spot in the evening when I want a low-key dinner and drinks with girlfriends in the neighborhood. The ambiance is "unique" and "creative" (in a good way). I prefer it at night; there's something about the lighting that drops against the drapes and paintings. The bathroom is eclectic too (note: Barbie, Ken and the vintage posters). The food here is excellent! It is fresh and of high quality. My default?  The vegan platter!  Their quinoa pilaf, spicy mushrooms, kale and Brussels sprouts is delicious. So happy that they actually have healthy options that isn't made from processed ingredients; a rare feat for this area.
Came here for brunch. Had the English breakfast and unlimited mimosas-- orange juice was quite watery and lacked flavor. Clearly used a cheap product. The breakfast however was delicious- best home fries I've had in a while- big chunky potatoes and Carmelites onions. Yum! Service was unfriendly. Our waitress seemed aloof.
Cafe Bar (CB - Monica's) is different then the rest of the local Greek cafes. From the menu to the ambiance to the patrons CB is different--pleasantly.  I'm a well established carnivore but I absolutely love their Vegan sandwich. They also serve the locally brewed Beyond Kombucha, perhaps the best kombucha available in NYC.  Their frappes rock as well.
The decor at this place is interesting. It's definitely a fun vibe. The food is good, but nothing earth shattering.  The service is hit or miss though, depending on the staff on hand.
I remember when this place first opened, it has since gone through several face lifts and remodels, I still miss the original set up that felt it was someone's living room and backyard together just thrown together and just as comfortable. The food is still eatable and you still feel at ease inside. What I miss are the crepes that used to be on the menu.
12:00 Decide on Cafe Bar for Brunch 12:10 Park on the street, and load up the meter for an hour (plenty of time I think) 12:12 Take our seat 12:20 place our order.... can't wait, I'm hungry! 1:00 um, I think I need to put more coins in the meter 1:05 Look down at arm, notice I'm getting a sunburn 1:15 I'm starving.  I attempt to eat my napkin.. it tastes like crap 1:45 Our food is here.  I think the napkin tasted better.  The poached eggs had a vinegar taste to them.. the bacon was nasty.. the potatoes were utterly flavorless 1:50 flag down waiter to get check 1:55 leave completely dissatisfied. This place sucks.  I encourage you to go here if you have a few hours to kill for craptastic food.
Café Bar isn't as plain Jane as its name.  Rather, it's a cool little hangout spot that's perfect for enjoying lunch, brunch, or just sipping a cocktail.  The eclectic, 70's style décor evokes a cool Euro-vibe while rekindling your beaded-curtain memories of the Brady Bunch.  And on a warm summer night, it's hard not to feel too cool for school when you sip a nightcap out on the patio, or mid-day, enjoying a delicious, Mediterranean fare brunch.  In any scenario, I love how this place is decidedly laid back. Healthy but delicious, the Mediterranean themed menu features a nice assortment of "meze" (appetizers), salads, sandwiches, wraps and crepes.  Halloumi cheese, tabouli, humus, and tzatziki sauce are all delicious!  Though slightly on the pricey side, I love the cocktail menu, which features caipirinhas and caipiroshkas alike.  And if you're like me and love screwdrivers, their blood orange screwdriver is absolutely delicious! Not feeling the alcohol?  They've got a healthy assortment of smoothies and blended juices, and of course, your full assortment of fancy coffee beverages. Overall, I'm an out-of-towner who loves Queens and who loves Astoria.  And Café Bar is surely one of the reasons why.
Cafe Bar is a real rarity for Queens. It's one of the only places that I can think of that combines a brunch-served-all-day-menu with a loungey-retro atmosphere. The menu has an eclectic array of hearty omlettes, salads, crepes, and Mediterranean mezzes. I have been going to Cafe Bar for more than 7 years, and the quality of the food never ceases to satisfy me. Granted, this place is not a foodie haven (as I was most recently reminded when I tried to bring an adventurous group of fellow Yelpers -- hi guys!). One could definitely argue that the crepes are a bit too thick, that salads are a bit pedestrian, and that the sandwiches are too classic. But are all these items satisfying: yes. Sometimes that is just good enough for me, particularly when I am making it to brunch at 3pm on a Saturday (did I mention that they serve brunch until 5PM, awesome!). My personal faves include the Cypriot plate with sausage and potatoes, as well as the Cuban sandwich, the mezze plate (with humus, grilled halloumi cheese, and assorted cold cuts and cheeses), and the Lebanese Falafel (interesting for its trademark sumac dressing). The real treat is the laid-back retro atmosphere, filled with 70s chrome sputnik lighting fixtures, mid century couches, and other mod finds. Combine it with a huge cup of coffee, a book or a friend, and a lazy weekend day, and it's really outstanding.
a lot of reviewers have mentioned the word, "COZY". well, i'm going to join in and say that Cafe Bar is definitely... cozy. there's many seats, couches, tables for both indoor and outdoor patrons. i like that. it's not a douche-y pub or lounge with annoying music and people. this place is classy, down to earth and mature. kind of like an aged Scotch or something. the food menu was nice for a bar/lounge. but it didn't reflect nicely on the plate itself. i was not a fan of it. however, the chocolate dessert was out of this world. in the end... i don't hate it, but i don't love it. but for Astoria? not too shabby for a place to meet up friends or a date!
Pros: 1) Hip atmosphere. Feels sorta like Williamsburg in there. 2) Large amount of vegetarian friendly food. 3) Good brunch specials. 4) Wifi! Cons: 1) Pricy. Especially for astoria. 2) Invariably slow service. 3) Hip atmosphere. Feels sorta like Williamsburg in there. Can't comment on the nightlife aspect of Cafe Bar as I've only been in there for breakfast/lunch/brunch, but there you go.
Cozy, cool place to have brunch or dinner in Astoria.  Nice retro touch with the wood paneling and shelves on the back wall...makes you feel like you're in a childhood friend's basement (I wouldn't actually know this sort of thing from experience since none of my childhood friends had basements...or lived in houses, for that matter).  I'm not a huge fan of quiche, but I quite liked it here.  The salmon eggs benedict is also tasty. My best friend lives a couple blocks from Cafe Bar, so it's nice to have the option of dining in a semi-trendy, loungey restaurant in the vicinity.  Definitely beats going to Pizzeria Uno's, which always makes me feel like I'm back in college, when I lived in the suburbs of Baltimore (hello chain restaurants galore!).  Perhaps they could have chosen a more imaginative name, but I guess "Cafe Bar" is pretty straightforward and easy to remember when you're trying to decided where to dine...("Where should we eat?"..."Oh, I don't know...somewhere that's like a cafe but also has a bar."..."Oh, I know!  Let's eat at Cafe Bar"...you get the point.)
I went for a Sunday morning brunch and had the Mediterranean breakfast. It was amazing. The Bloody Marys are pretty awesome as well. I sat outside under the canopy. Modern/Grungy atmosphere, and decent service.
I came here for Sunday brunch and was very satisfied with the food.  I ordered the English breakfast - poached eggs, English muffin, grilled tomatoes, home fries, baked beans, and bacon.  It was so. much. food.  And it was all delicious!  Everything was cooked to perfection; I especially loved that the home fries were made with mushrooms and green beans.  It was hearty and flavorful, easily the best brunch I've had in a while.  For $12.99, you can choose from any of the large dishes on their brunch menu, and it includes a mimosa, bloody mary, bellini, or soda.  I opted for the bellini - too sweet for my taste, but it's a good brunch deal. The service here wasn't great - it took a while to get our food, even though the place wasn't busy.  Our waitress never checked on us during our meal, and we spent a good 45 minutes trying to flag her down for our check after we finished our meal.  It was pretty obvious that our waitress wasn't paying attention and just lollygagging around the restaurant, so much so that another waiter noticed and took over as our server. I do love the decor - it's got a small, homey feel.  We were seated next to the bookcase and had fun perusing a book full of pictures of cats in wigs.  Overall, I will definitely come back for the English breakfast, but I do hope the service is better the next time around.
Food = 3-4 stars Ambience / Decor = 3-4 stars Drink Selection = 4 stars SERVICE = 0 stars It's sad that a place with so much potential can ruin it's reputation with the terrible service provided.  It's painful to sit and wait for basic things like condiments, water, napkins, etc.  I'm not sure if it's an issue of under staffing, or if the kitchen is too small and they can't keep up with the demand. . . . but I really wish they could correct whatever it is.   I've been 5 times and every time I've left shaking my head.  Whether it was for drinks or food, I felt a certain level of excitement upon leaving that the frustration of flagging down someone for another drink, ketchup or the bill was over. I hope to one day adjust this review. . .
I've been waiting for Cafe Bar to reopen (which they did--in late March). The renovations are nice, but it really changed the tone of the place. It's not as relaxed and the menu has changed quite a bit. The service was overly attentive, yet we were served our food before we got our napkins and silverware (this happened to all the diners around us too). The food was OK but not great and overpriced. It was packed to the rafters when we left, so I guess there's a demand for this kind of thing. But I won't be back anytime soon, and I'm bummed about that. I was really starting to dig Cafe Bar before the renovations. It was a friendly, nice, unique neighborhood place. Now it just feels like one of the legions of midtown mid-priced restaurant. While I was there a woman walked in and said, "Oh, so this isn't the kind of place where I can hang out and do work anymore?" And the bartender said, "Well, not really. And it's going to get busy for dinner soon." It was pretty rude and unhelpful--and it just didn't have to be. Heck, thank her for her previous patronage at least--she clearly had been the old version of the restaurant quite a bit. They are obviously all still adjusting to the new changes, and the wait staff were sweet and polite. I'm just not a big fan of what Cafe Bar has become. Curious to see what brunch is like. . .but I'm really hesitant to go back anytime soon.
You know the part of like every Rocky movie where he has gone the distance and he manages to get the second wind and come back swinging better than ever. Well that isn't happening here. Not with the food. I was a fan of this place back before the 24hour switch, but the food was awesome then. Now I will probably head to Sanford's for brunch if it's too early to catch one of the other establishments. 24 hours is great, but honestly quality is better.
Probably the most unoriginal name ever for a restaurant but whatever. Came here on a sunny weekend for brunch. Liked how they served the brunch and lunch menu. Great deal on $10 unlimited bellinis, mimosas and blood mary's. Food was pretty good but nothing to write home about. The home fries were notable. Service is very slow (and forgetful about some drinks) but it may have just been our server. They were busy but not insane. It's 24 hours which is a major plus. I don't know if I would seek out this place again, but possibly if I wanted a leisurely meal on a nice day or some drunk food at 4am that's not pizza.
I've been going to Cafe Bar for four years or so. The food is good, the vibe is relaxed and unhurried (which I like), and the outdoor seating area is quite nice in warm weather. The inside seating used to have lots of sun, which was great in the winter, but after the last remodel, they put stained glass in the windows, which blocks out all the sun. It's a big drawback for us. They have gone through several remodels, so maybe next time they'll take the stained glass out? Weekend brunch is a favorite.
I become a regular in this bar. Like the deco, super friendly Greek bartender and the cute blonde waitress. I have tried their wine, winter specials and some cocktails. Cocktails are not that strong tho.
When I used to live on the gulf coast, there was this hole in the wall coffee bar called End of The Line. It was a vegan cafe run by a group of kids (bohemian hippie punk kids) who didn't really turn much of a profit but took pride in their little shop. Everything they had they have (a) dumpster dove for, (b) had donated to them, or (c) was left over from the previous owners. So it was perfectly understandable that nothing matched and the floors were chipped, and every available space on the bathroom wall was covered in meaningful poetry scrawled with a sharpie or favorite band stickers. They served good, cheap food and coffee drinks, accepted only donations for internet use, and let you lay around all day if you wanted to. Ok, so why does Cafe Bar remind me exactly of End of the Line (from the mismatched dishes to the cheesy art on the walls) but charge $9 for a crepe? In Astoria? They served me my $3 hot tea in a beer mug!
This is the perfect spot to go to in Astoria if you're having a leisurely afternoon of brunch and movie. It's just a few blocks away from the huge movie theater in Astoria, but even if you aren't catching a flick Cafe Bar is still worth going to anyway. I ordered their Mediterranean breakfast which was delicious. It's an egg hash with spicy tomato, onions, olives, potatoes, and served with a delicious tzatziki sauce that goes GREAT with the eggs. It also comes with pita bread which is a very nice touch for brunch. My girlfriend ordered the Salmon and Eggs and couldn't stop talking about how great her home fries that came with it were. Also, it is reasonably priced and the service was extremely friendly and prompt. Within 5 minutes of ordering our food was brought out, I can actually see this place becoming a mainstay for our weekend brunch needs since we do go to the movies quite often.
I really loved Cafe Bar when I went last week! I'm not sure how I lived in Astoria for so long without going to Cafe Bar. It's such a cute place to eat. I didn't love the veggie wrap that I ate, but it's great that they have so many veggie options. The atmosphere is really cute. I loved that they had tons of board games to play and various tables of different shapes and sizes. They had the windows open, which made it a really cool indoor/outdoor space, but the night we were there it was so cold! It was a really nice place to sit and catch up with friends.
Great Hang Out Place, Lacking in overall restaurant Experience~ FOOD: We came really late after a movie and the food was just average. We ordered two or three appetizers including Calamari, and everything brought out was very staggered and not on an appropriate timing.  The food itself was decent and cooked, but a little oily and rushed.   SERVICE: Worst part about Cafe Bar. When we first came, there was no hostess to seat us. We just walked in the middle of the restaurant all awkward and looking around for somewhere to sit. After meandering a bit we found a two seater right next to the entrance which was dirty, wet and not wiped down. We had to grab someone to clean it for us after seating ourselves.  The waiter/waitress didn't even serve us on time and waited us poorly. ATMOSPHERE: Probably the best thing about Cafe Bar...They spent a lot of effort making it really trendy, hipster and almost club like. There are couches and lounges in the corner and its not a bad spot to come and have a few drinks and eat light meals.   SUMMARY: I prefer to come to Cafe Bar, almost as the name suggests itself. Not as a restaurant, but more of a bar/lounge to hang out with friends and drink and not expect a great overall restaurant experience.  The service will be sub par and the food will be so-so.  Its not a bad place to bring friends and chill.  I'd look elsewhere for quality dining experience and eatery.
Oh, Monica's how you have changed! Way back in my teen years, my friends and I used to call this place "No Name" and many a weekend outing either began or ended at this innocuous place. Fast forward 15 years+ and "Cafe Bar" is still thriving which is shocking since so so many other previous haunts are no longer in business. When my fellow Capricorn suggested we celebrate our belated birthdays over lunch here, the rush of nostalgia overwhelmed me into saying yes. I am glad I did. The menu is a consolidated version of what I remembered, with a mixture of international cuisines represented. I chose the Cypriot egg dish with its loukaniko and haloumi (staples in any Cypriot household)  sides which, coupled with the fried eggs and hash, was a very rich "lunch" indeed. My friend swears by their fish tacos. It's a bit crazy to have such a divide in food styles come out so well. The best fish tacos I had ever had were off a truck near the Santa Monica pier. Nevertheless, the tacos disappeared quickly along with the guacamole and chips. The deserts we ordered were a little inconsistent. My friend's Lava cake was freshly baked and just.....ridiculous in every decadent way. My little white chocolate and orange tart was not so much. It was good, but you could tell that it had been in the display case at least a day or two. Our server had an amazing disposition, singing along with the pop standards playing above our heads (sadly, so did I at times although I missed the down-tempo electronic soundtrack they used to play morning, noon and late night), taking the time to make recommendations and problem solving the lack of heat in our section whenever we brought it to his attention. You could tell he genuinely liked working there, which always bodes well for customer experience. Due to the change in hours, Cafe Bar will no longer be open 24 hours on the weekends. That's a major bummer; however, since I am more of a "day creature" in recent years, I can still enjoy my Monica's/Cafe Bar/ No Name experience, only earlier.
This place was the only place I could hang out with my Greek friends and not feel overtaken by the Astoria didn't-you-know-Greeks-created-everything-known-­as-culture-don't-you-think-i-look-like-I-should-­be-on-an-episode-of-The Hills-isn't-my-boyfriend's pokemon-haircut-hot-i-say-dick-or-bro-every-five-­seconds-cuz-i'm-kewl Greekiness (gag). The crowd there seems a bit more culturally diverse and open minded, and therefore hotter. The mismatched comfy couches and flatware are charming, the food is fresh and light with lots of Mediterranean flair coupled with an American sensibility. The music is kept at a respectable level, and the drinks are smoothly done. This place used to be called Monica's Cafe  back in the day and is pretty tricky to get to, or give directions to. If you are across from Kaufman Studios, you're there. This is a great place to bring a date on a warm (or cold) night and bask in the flattering romantic lighting. There are also games by the couches, which also makes it fun to hang out with large groups of friends. Girls, if you are watching your weight , this is a great place as their menu is pretty health conscious. Note: One star removed cuz my hot as hell ex-boyfriend goes there...and they actually let his ashton-kutcher-wannabe-ass in.
Very cute cafe! I didn't know what to expect because the windows are always black when I walk by. There are always people dining or having a cocktail outside. It's located where there isn't  an extreme amount of foot traffic (as compared to 30th Ave). The inside is very colorful and cute with couches, booths or tables to sit down. The weather was nice enough to open up the wall to the outside. Brunch comes with a complimentary Bloody Mary or Mimosa with any entree. Their Bloody Mary was one of my favorites. FOOD Huevos Rancheros (Two Fried Eggs, Corn Tortillas, Refried Beans, Tomato Salsa, Queso Blanco and Poached Eggs) $12: BF's dish. It also came with toast and a side of home fries. There was also a side of feta cheese that went superbly with the potatoes. He is not an egg guy, but he absolutely loved the dish and ate the whole thing. Chopped Chickpea Salad (Celery, Tomato, Cucumber, Chickpeas & Lemon Vinegarette dressing) $9 + $3 for chicken: The salad came in a huge bowl with very a generous portion of yummy grilled chicken. I was craving a big salad and it was exactly what I wanted. The service was extremely friendly and efficient. The vibe was laid-back and unhurried. We were seated right away and did not feel rushed ever. They give you a large flute of water, so they don't have to constantly refill the glass... for people who drink a lot of water like me (+++) The menu had a great selection and the ingredients were so fresh. Great place for a weekend brunch to sit outside and enjoy the day and your company.
great wine list good atmosphere really good food @A^&!%  service
Been to Cafe Bar countless times for drinks, munchies, etc. Finally made it here for brunch though and it is out of this world. Had the English Breakfast and it has everything you could want: bacon, poached eggs, homefries, grilled tomatoes and baked beans. My gf went with the Cypriot Breakfast, which consisted of  fried eggs, grilled halloumi, greek sausage, olives and tomatoes. Also, their Blood Mary's are right on the money. The service here is always great and the place has one of the best vibes in Astoria.
It was Friday evening and we were headed to an 8:30 movie in the neighborhood. We needed a spot to eat but because I have a few dietary restrictions at the moment, 5 Napkin which is close by wasn't going to cut it, and I will NEVER dine at Applebees or Uno's again, especially not in NYC. I had been eager to try Cafe Bar so I figured this was the perfect moment. Upon arrival there are some immediate eye sores out front. I thought this establishment had been up and running for a while or maybe their jazzing up the front patio area but it was rather messy. I got beyond that and entered the eatery. Quickly poked at the menu again, although I knew since about noon what I would be ordering. The decor in here is really fun, really eclectic. They've got a really great bar and fun decorations, so that won points in my book. When my date arrived, I think he was more excited to see the board games the resto offered! We were seated promptly with our choice of table, which is always my favorite. The menu had a Mediterranean flair to it but will fulfill all palates. I was all over the veggie wrap. Nothing beats a good veggie sammie. This included: Babaganoush, Hummus, Tahini, Tomato, Lettuce, Cucumber, Avocado. But to make it over the top I had them add portobello and roasted red peppers, and of course got a side of sweet potato fries! I couldn't have asked for a better meal. The sandwich was massive and very flavorful. Adding the portobello to the sammie added a little meatiness and bulk. My date had the chicken quesadilla, which was topped off with lettuce and a sauce that reminded me of a creme fraiche sauce. It was amazingly delicious and the presentation was just perfect. The quesadilla were chuck full of cheese and meat, so they certainly didn't skimp here! The service was good, certainly on top of things. We did not have any cocktails but they have an extensive menu. I still feel like they aren't sure what kind of look they are going for but the things that have been thrown on the wall and hanging from the ceiling are somehow working! Nicely priced plates for a lot of food, well worth it! They also offer brunch as well as lunch. And they deliver!
What I like about this place: - great vibe/outdoor seating/people watching - they are always redoing the design and chairs and interior Food is good enough: - Hummus - amazing!!!! Maybe best I've had actually - Tzatziki - very good - Roe dip - very mayo-y and shiny... too bad bc it used to be amazing but that was 8 years ago :( - Falafel - don't like - Skirt steak - very good - flavor and portion! - Beet salad - generous portion and tasty - Drinks are fun Overall a good al fresco hangout and noshing option
IF YOU HAVE ANY FOOD ALLERGIES OR INTOLERANCES DO NOT COME HERE.I am never one to give a bad review or act In spite but I have to share the horrible experience I had here. I called ahead twice before coming to make sure they could accommodate my food allergies which they assured me it wouldn't be a problem, ok cool. So, Giving this place the benefit of the doubt I looked cute with greeney and front patio seating but when we went inside, it was really dark, (I have 23 year old eyes and had to hold my Plates and menu up to the candles to see)I have a number of food allergies (gluten dairy soy nuts) and talked to the hostess and waitress about it again just to make sure. the waitress said there were GF items marked on the menu, ok cool but when I mentioned my other issues she looked overwhelmed and confused and made me feel like a crazy person with outlandish requests. I tried to talk to the kitchen myself and the waitress practically pushed me away from them. Ok...She was the only waitress working the entire inside which was quite obvious as our food arrived over an hour after we ordered. I ordered the tacos which she said would be made to my specifications and yet She served me flour tortillas and told me I would be fine. Luckily I held up the flashlight on my phone to notice the difference between a flour and corn tortilla. I could have been rushed to the hospital had I eaten what she told me was safe! After I told her this was a flour tortilla she rolled her eyes and tried to tell me I was wrong then eventually took my plate back to the kitchen and brought out corn tortilla tacos. She told me this was fine now. I ate them cause they looked pretty plain (Aka basically Lettuce with a side of tortilla) and felt sick after eating them. Had to leave my group before the check came and take a cab home. All the waitress said was that my tacos were taken off the bill, wow, what a gesture there was zero remorse. She was so rude! Horrible service , never coming here again!
Adorable place! Prices are alright, although not exactly cheap... I came here nursing an extremely awful hangover and ordered home fries and yogurt-granola-honey-fruit. so good. and a glass of orange juice...which was huge, and cost $5. The food is decent, I'd definitely come back to try the rest of their menu, but what I like most about this place is how comfy the space feels. They have a lot of tables for outdoor seating and the interior is brightly lit with natural light. Great place for a sunday afternoon get-together with friends.
Sunday Brunch Smoked Salmon with poached eggs (how do they do that?) Asparagus. Yummers! Pretty dang good. Hubby had some kinda sausage/ egg/ toast thing. We were pleasantly surprised. Great little place for Astoria AND I love the quirky-eclectic-decor. ... Seriously, they have these little birds I wanna snag off the wall. But don't tell anyone.
In our quest for a suitable weekend brunch option, we decided to venture out to Cafe Bar last weekend.  First, for those other insane souls with cars: you can park outside Kaufman Studios on the weekends!  Oh, glorious day!  Never was parking in New York so easy.  Off to a good start, we waltzed into the cafe. The decor is fine- I read a lot about it being shabby, or shabby chic, but I'd call it more like hipster chic.  Big, retro tables and chairs, mismatched silverware, very faux-vintage.  Not faux because the stuff wasn't old but because it wasn't really nice enough to be vintage.  Now, I don't mind this look.  In fact, I felt like it was pleasantly low-key and appropriate for its area, but opinions may (and do) differ. The menu is a good size- enough to give you options, not so much that you are overwhelmed.  Since we had come seeking brunch, that's what we ordered.  Mediterranean Plate (or Brunch? or Eggs?  oops) for me (with scallions and olives) and Miso Soup plus the Super Meaty Omelette for my fellow.   My dish, which involved eggs scrambles with homefries, olives, and scallions, was delicious, although the hummus and tahini that came with it were less to.  The beloved's omelette was also quite good, though he felt that the homefries' deliciousness overshadowed it.  He was perplexed by the largeness of the ingredients in his Miso soup, but enjoyed the flavor.  We also had some standard tea and coffee. Now is where the not-so-good comes in- the bill.  It came out to about $40 for our meal.  Zoinks!  It was good, but, um, this is Queens.  It wasn't that good.  If I'm paying $40 for brunch in Queens, I expect food that sings to me and massages my esophagus on the way down.  Needless to say, this food did neither.  So: by all means, go, if you are looking for a pretty chill cafe in the LIC area.  The brunch is tasty, and the ambiance is pleasantly relaxed.  Be forewarned, however, that you may find yourself paying East Village prices.
5 stars for the beer list only; they have a ton of interesting bottled beers from Belgium and the US and a solid lineup of nine taps. This is a crazy good selection for a place that doesn't bill itself as a "beer bar." Throw in plentiful outdoor seating and Cafe Bar is perfect for a relaxing drink on a sunny Sunday. Didn't try the food this trip.
Great fish tacos! We sat outside the other day and the wait time was about 5 mins which is great for Astoria. It's in a very covenant location. Their food selection is great. Will be back for sure.
Come late night on a weekend and view the beautiful men with tiny lapdogs... It's a great place to just sit outside and chat with your friends-- I can assure you that your party won't be bothered. Not by the neighbors, and not by the staff.  I ordered a fruit salad in coconut milk-- and it was interesting-- grapes and apples served in a milk dish of sweet, sticky coconut milk. And I would like to believe that they sliced every grape in half with love and perfection, because it took about that long.
I like this place - the food is good and their seasonal drinks are pretty good, but their service is horrible. Most of the times your food comes an hour late and it is pretty cold.
The newest addition to NoWim (North Williamsburg). The place has a hip, Bohemian feel to it, complete with sofas, art, cartoons playing on the TV, and hipsters (the people at the table next to us were playing Pictionary). I wasn't too crazy about their beer list (Heineken, Beck etc.), but they do have Hefeweizen. Was kind of surprised they didn't have Pabst Blue Ribbon. Update: They have a great Mediterranean breakfast for brunch and the bloody marys are good, but I got sick of the grumpy blase attitude and rarely go there anymore. Will probably hit the place again once spring hits because the outside seating is a bonus.
Let me tell you about our first and only experience at Cafe Bar. Four of us were sitting comfortably around the large round table, enjoying warm chocolate cake, Mexican hot chocolate, and Russian lemonade...when all of a sudden, a giant rat jogged from the general direction of the kitchen, toward the bathroom, right down the middle of the restaurant. I am not kidding. My boyfriend immediately pulled aside someone who worked there, who said, "I saw it," then proceeded to give him a bunch of excuses about why a rat would be sauntering through their restaurant.  When we immediately asked for our check, he and our waiter took their sweet time getting it for us - then gave us more excuses instead of even a simple apology.  They didn't offer to take anything off our bill, in spite of us leaving food and drinks half-consumed...which I didn't expect, the same way I know they won't expect us to ever return. On our way out the door, we heard the same guy who talked to us mutter "malaka".  For what? We're each calling the health department next week, but if you feel like getting some food there before they're next inspected, just make sure to keep your purse off the floor.
I love this place! The food is amazing and their newest item, Fish Tacos, is to DIE FOR! I love them! I don't have to go all the way to Rockaway now just to fullfill my crave for fish tacos. Their Haloumi appetizer is great too! The service is friendly and the slow service can be justified by the fact that the atmosphere is nice and calming. Everyone is friendly and they check up on you to make sure everything is great. Why the 4 stars and not 5? Well... their non-alcoholic beverages are pricey. $5 for mint lemonade and $6 for a berry lemonde? I think that's a bit overkill. I will be sticking to my water.
I just walked into my new favorite spot. You can hide out, have great service, and great menu options. WiFi:)
A charming mix of eclectic deco outside and a turbulent mix of 70s & euro-trash inside. If you like drinking at a Steinway bargain interior decorating store, well this is your place. Part tiki-bar, part Miami lounge, and a sprinkle of Greek diner and you have the mess which is Cafe Bar. This mixture also extends to the clientele, which is varied and confusing - the chance of a dance party, real estate deal, or knife fight are all equally possible here. Dress accordingly.
We just got drinks here, but I liked the space and decor. They have board game and seems like a cool place to hang out with friends.
Chic little spot (I read someone called it tacky, but I thought it was chic) to go for a drink. They have an extensive drink menu and a good selection of wines by the glass. I had an organic wine which was OK but I would return to try their cocktails. I liked the dim lights and cozy ambiance.
Cafe Bar has a great outdoor patio. Cute tables, a striped awning - it always looks so inviting every time I walk by. I've been here twice; once for drinks & snacks, and more recently for brunch. The food was great both times. I've tried their cold mezze plate, with cheese, salumi, hummus, and marinated beets. It was very good. Also, their Cypriot Breakfast with Greek Sausage, Halloumi, eggs, and tomato was fantastic. The BF ordered the lamb burger and it was also delicious. Their bloody marys are some of the best I've had in a while - packed with horseradish and black pepper. But the reason Cafe Bar only gets three stars is because the service is very slooooow. One of our cocktails didn't make it to the table until the entree was already finished. I've seen patrons getting up, looking for their server so they could place their order. Credit cards sitting on the table for ages. Guests with empty glasses, in need of refills. Which is not to say that the servers are unhelpful, they just always seem a little bit overwhelmed. So don't come here when you're in a rush, or if you're annoyed by lackadaisical service. Do come here for drinks, snacks, and the opportunity to sit on the patio on a sunny day and watch the world go by. PS: They are open 24/7, which is kind of amazing.
So I had a very, very rough start with Cafe Bar....as in I was extremely hungover (oops) and I had to leave my lovely brunch outing early since I could not stand the heat, the smell/taste of food, and the overall feeling of being up and out of my bed. Hmm. However, the omlette I ended up taking away in a doggy bag was quite delicious seven hours later, when I could actually stand to digest something. (TMI? Too bad.) The place is EXTREMELY cute....so cute that I just want to pinch its cheeks and put it in my pocket. Our waitress and food runner were great to us-- we inadvertently became one of those tables who was making ridiculous requests like "can we put down the awning?" or "actually, can we sit inside?" I hate being that person, but the people at Cafe Bar handled it with grace. (I probably would have punched me.) When I went back with Maiah J. tonight, we realized (again) just how cute it is and how good the food was. And did you know that a Blue Moon there is only $5? Let me say that again....FIVE.DOLLARS!!!!!! ...only in NYC can one be really happy with those prices. I got the vegan wrap, which was fabulous. Maiah got a yummy looking croissant with fries that I stole from her plate throughout the night. Again, great service and great atmosphere. Well, great atmosphere, minus the people having a make-out fest in the couches near us. They were drinking water and were basically ruining everyone's appetite around them. Thanks, make-out couple. You win. You know who else wins? Cafe Bar. 4 gold stars for you!
Love this place! It's a very cool neighborhood restaurant. Eclectic decor, detached New York service, yummy food. The only weird thing was, I ordered a Coke to go with my meal and they didn't have it. They only had Diet Coke. What's up with that?
Back around 1999, I discovered this place by accident. From then, until the move out of Astoria, I was a semi-regular patron. Many memories here. Mostly good, and one disastrous one (when I had the date from hell). Since there's more good memories, I gave this place five stars. The perfect place for a variety of personal events. Either for a get-together with friends, sitting alone with a book, or for a romantic low-key date. Their drink and food menu changes a bit every so often, as well as some of the decor. As long as they keep that nude painting up on the wall, I'm happy. Way before Astoria suddenly became "hip," this place was around. On its way to becoming a local institution. I miss CafeBar.
I've eaten at Cafe Bar more times than I can count. We've had quite a few little meetups here, and overall it's okay. The food is simple, and they've got enough options that basically everyone can find something. The pizzetta are a big hit with our group; personally I find them a little too simplistic. Burgers are fine (though I had a lamb burger once that was way undercooked), turkey wrap is good, chicken breast sandwich is acceptable. We generally steer away from the entrees, if it matters. The service, however, has always been hit or miss, generally leaning towards a miss. It's nice that they bring over swing top bottles full of water, but when you've got six people at a table, you can finish a bottle off almost immediately. Good luck getting more, though; the waiters are usually flapping about somewhere else. I mean, it's fine. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you're in the area, it's an acceptable place.
Cafe bar- decent brunch spot.   But my favorite part is to simply sit outside and people watch. They seem to have a ton of turn over w/ the servers, and almost every time they seem under qualified, and awkward.. but a fun place to stop in for a mid day cocktail to enjoy the breeze on their sidewalk patio space.
UPDATE: They changed the dinner menu and removed all my favorites! Sad to see those items go. Some servers seem to lack general attention to the customers (which is odd) and many times also there is a language barrier. Fish tacos are still delicious Last time I was here, I ordered a Makers on the rocks, the server told me they didn't have Makers, and so I had to order something else. However, half way through my drink, a customer behind me ordered a Makers from the same server, and was promptly brought over his drink. Why not just bring me a Makers when you realize you were wrong? Either way I am not dying to go back. Although the brunch special is always good, and the free drink is worth the $. OG Post: The food is always good here. You never have to wait for a table for very long. I'm usually here with a decent sized group. The faux stained glass windows are pretty awesome. Occasionally  the service is slow, but never bad. Brunch is delicious, and you get a free mimosa or bloody mary, can't beat that. I usually get the Mediterranean Breakfast, and my boyfriend gets the English Breakfast, both are great! My only small complaint is sometimes the male servers are a bit rude. I am not sexist but it just happens to be that way.
Way overpriced in a "food was alright but not worth it" kind of way. $6 lemonade. That's all I have to say.
My bf and I won a $100 gift cert here at a raffle at Hell Gate Social, so we decided to have a nice meal and drinks here on a Monday night. We got in around 8PM, and I was pretty impressed. There was one server on the floor and one bartender, and about 20 people in the restaurant (both indoors and outside). Our server was very attentive and we never felt like we had to wait for more than a few minutes when we wanted his attention. The drinks were yummy, although the cocktails are hideously overpriced for the neighborhood (and, frankly, not worth the $$). I had a chicken portabello sandwich which was really dry (hence the 4 stars). My bf had fish tacos that he really enjoyed. Solid place, but definitely won't be doing the cocktails here again unless its happy hour.
As good as it gets in Astoria! - Delicious fresh organic food (with good portions) - Relaxed atmosphere you can spend hours in - Friendly staff I've tried nearly the entire menu.. I recommend the Brunch Menu (served until 5pm), the deliciously seasoned Burger & Veggie Burger, Cuban Sandwich, Mesclun or Arugula Salad, Tiramisu (to name a few :) Plus many dishes are big enough to share for example: the Salads, Omelettes, Mediterranean Breakfast. They recently had to raise prices (economy being the way it is) to maintain their excellent quality of food. But all in all, a small price to pay - - your taste buds will thank you and the new menu design rocks!
I gave Cafe Bar a second chance and I'm glad I did.  Big improvement.  Less attitude, and this time the food was really good!  We had two different chicken wraps and both were delicious.  Great music as well - I tip my hat to the person who made the playlist.   --------------------- There's a weird vibe here and I think the staff cultivates the isolationist atmosphere.  I've gone several times and tried to make it work, but I'm never relaxed enough to really enjoy myself.  The music is good, the food is decent, and the drinks do the job, but that closed-off sentiment withstands.  I think you have to learn the secret handshake to join the social club at this place...
Oh Cafe Bar.  Your food and ambiance are good, but the service is so terrible, I have to only give two stars.  I've been coming here once in a while for over a year, and I have to say that the service has NEVER been good.  In fact, it seems that it's getting progressively worse.  When I first went there, service was slow, but the staff were at least nice.  Now, they seem to have hired some new people that are really awful. I went there today with my boyfriend, hoping to enjoy a nice lunch outside (I've pretty much only been there at night before) and I was really disappointed.  We waited at least 5 minutes just to get water and menus.  Then we waited another 10 minutes for the waitress to come over complaining about her co-workers.  She said "the waiters here are retarded. Nobody wants to work outside, so I have to do it."  Using that word pejoratively pissed me off enough, but complaining to your customers about your work situation is inappropriate no matter how you do it. Also be warned: sometimes they run out of basic ingredients, so you may not be able to get what you want on the menu.  There have been a couple of times that I couldn't get the pizzetta because they "ran out" of mozzarella cheese.  Really? It's not like I'm asking for some rare food here, it's mozzarella! I wanted to keep giving this place a chance because it's a cool place to relax and have a meal or a drink, but after today, I think I'm done.
their smoothies are ridiculously good here -- try the apple one. Mmmmm...
Serving tipple, cafe drinks, and food, the name of this "cafe bar" sums up its function.   A retreat from the numerous Greek establishments in Astoria, lounging at Cafe Bar is like hanging out in the cutest, hippest living room that you've ever been in--with Thievery Corporation oozing from the speakers, and a motley contingent of mod decor making you feel warm and fuzzy inside. The downside:  the teas that my friend and I consumed (however excellent) cost 4.50 each (!), and my friend has attested that during previous visits, the food was subpar. However, the fourth star remains because the decor blows my mind.
One of the older hipster bar/lounge/restaurants in the Astoria/LIC area.  Still a favorite, still worth going to.  Organic/trendy lite fare.
Love love love this place. I have had some of my most ridiculous nights here and I wouldn't trade my memories for the world. The bartenders were friendly and the djs were flirty and fun. I even chatted with the owner and had a great night reminiscing about my experience with Ancient Greek. Definitely reminded me of a low key but fantastically fun bar I frequented in Greece while I was there for a few months. I can't wait to go back. The food is good and the most memorable drink I've had is the espresso martini. Delicious!
Was here on a Saturday night and the place was surprisingly quiet. The place was recently renovated, on one end of the place they were able to incorporate some eclectic lamps on the very high ceiling, but it doesn't really go with the rest of the decoration of the place. Sitting at the bar we had an odd feeling about the place. The cocktails were decently made but kinda overpriced.
I ordered the poached eggs, which came with an english muffin, grilled asparagus and tomato. It was also supposed to come with smoked salmon, but apparently they were out, so I got it with bacon instead. The bacon was fine, but the dish would have been much better with smoked salmon. I recommend also ordering hollandaise on the side, because it really adds to the dish. The eggs were OK, the yolk was good, it ever so slightly overcooked, but it was still runny. The egg whites were actually not great, and even a little tough (as tough as an egg white can be anyways). It think that, overall, the eggs could have stood to have been cooked less. The asparagus was also OK. I'm not a fan of really thin asparagus, which is the kind they used, but the flavor was nice. The english muffin and the tomato were both pretty good. In fact, I actually really enjoyed whatever brand of english muffin they use. I think that their deal for brunch is actually really good. They have a number of different brunch items priced at 12.99 and this includes either a bloody mary, a mimosa, a bellini or soda OR you can do unlimited brunch drinks for 1.5 hours for $10, which I think is quite a good deal. Overall, I was generally pleased with the food. Service was good, and our waitress was actually really fun. Definitely an option for future brunches.
I had a beer here the other night. It's in a weird little pocket of Astoria, close to a nice supermarket, a cutesy gift store and not much else. One more long block south and you'd be at the movie theater and all the new chain restaurants, and one block north is bustling but not-trendy-at-all Broadway. So Cafe Bar is strange. The outdoor seating is a huge draw, but the inside ambiance, decor and seating are really cool too. I went on a hot night so it felt great to sit outdoors and sip a cold beer. But everything on the menu is sooo expensive!! Considering this very random location, why would I pay $9 for a cocktail? I kind of feel like they're lucky to have patrons at all, but their food and drinks are pricey. This is speaking without trying any of it. Maybe it's the best food ever. But there are so many great, authentic food options in Astoria that I think if I wanted trendy brunch I'd probably go to Manhattan or Brooklyn.
so  this place used to be a favorite place i loved the old kich decor .... now it's set up like a meat packing district lounge!  Cute ---- i mean  i do know that they bought mostly everything at CB2 or west elm --- but hell that's what I'd do too!! we just had some drinks ----  they were good and the service was nice too --- a  very lay back kinda vibe --- which i love since AQ(astoria -Queens ) sometimes gets to big for it's britches I thought i wouldnt go back here after the last time i went --bad food and drinks  but i feel like they upped there status --- I'll go back and even try the food --- i do miss the old decor though a bit- love the new drinks and attitude though!!!
Wow, so, I recently moved to Woodside/Sunnyside and decided that for my day off, I would spend some time just walking. I walked all the way over to Astoria, stopping by the Salvation Army (no dressers? damn you, salvation army!) and then wandering by the theater to see if Panera had yet opened (say what you will, but the bacon turkey bravo is a necessity for my life to peacefully continue). And... okay, no, it hadn't, so I continued my meandering. Eventually I stopped by Cafe Bar, and was attracted by the exterior and the people sitting outside and eating. Great idea, sure! And... man, have you ever been just SAD about a choice you've made for a meal? I was today! I was super SAD! The chicken burger sounded promising-- I was really hungry, and something that involved "peach ketchup" just sounded righteous! I was psyched! What I received was the absolutely devoid of flavor. Just.... the blandest thing ever. And $9?? Seriously? I was sort of anticipating lower prices when I sat.. it was lunchtime, and I guess I just had hoped to find something a little closer to $5 than 10. But I mean, if it's good, it's worth it, right? But this... this?? Wow! I almost wish I'd gone to.. to... Uno's and had some pizza skins! That's how disappointing it was. The waitresses were super nice, and it WAS nice to sit outside, but I came away fairly underwhelmed. I probably won't eat there again-- it's hard for me to meet a meal I flat out don't like. I'm pretty open minded. And constantly hungry. Can't win 'em all!
I went here for drinks with Eric S. and was very pleasantly surprised. I ordered a whiskey sour was greeted with a stiff drink, more whiskey than usual. There's the usual lot of music, dim mood lighting, comfy couches with chairs and low tables and of course bar seating. We came here late on a Saturday night and it was very busy! The outside seating was packed with people wining and dining. Inside was more cozy and less crowded but still gave good ambiance. Decor-wise, Cafe Bar is lined with photos, painting and other little event fliers, knick-knacks and so on. Even the bathroom is wallpapered in sketches. Though, I was only here for a bit, I definitely want to head back. This seems like a good place to go with a group of friends, no matter what the size. There's food and drinks, so it satisfies a variety of crowds.
I've been meaning to drop in here since I moved to Astoria, and finally did over the holiday week. I'm glad I finally made it. We got there early (about 7PM on a Thursday), and it was pretty empty, but it filled up quickly. Service was friendly, if a bit slow. I'm not sure if it was because it wasn't busy (waitress gets distracted and loses track of time), or if it confirms what other reviewers have said. Oddly, our table was bussed almost obsessively, and we never waited to have our water glasses topped off. We had standard beers (hefeweizen, Magic Hat #9), and the prices didn't seem outrageous (coming from a few former Manhattanites). I liked the relaxed vibe, and the more diverse crowd mentioned by others, and will probably return regularly when I have more of a  cohort here in Astoria. My friends ordered food, and seem reasonably pleased, but I think they were just going for a few calories in the belly to prepare for a night of drinking.
I went for weekend brunch, and I was VERY pleased.  They have various seating options (e.g. couches, tables, booths) which added its own flair.  There's also outdoor seats which will becoming increasingly handy now that the weather is warming up.  As for the food - it was really great!  I liked the menu.  There's a separate one for weekend brunch, but you can order off the typical one too.  As for service - they were really understanding when I took up space as a single while waiting for my two friends to join, so I give them props for that. Added bonus: This place is next to Astoria Kaufman Studios.  I'm pretty certain I saw an actress during my brunch, but I didn't want to be too creepy and stare to confirm.
A Great Place. I've been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed. Cafe Bar really has a lot to offer. You can come in the afternoon and read, or play scrabble and sip coffee all day and you will be welcomed. I've been there at all times of day and I always enjoy myself. The Service is great. The food is consistently good and prices are reasonable. If you're in the area or not you should definitely give Cafe Bar a try.
AWFUL place! If you have a choice, order CHINESE take out or go to taco truck over this shit hole! To tell the truth, this place went from chic, amazing place to snobbish, horrible disaster. My boyfriend and I went to this place for our first date and we loved it. That was over two years ago. Everything changed since mid 2011. The new management or whatsoever changed the whole charm of this place to the consumer's worst nightmare. After having terrible experience and bad food, we stopped going there for a while until a few Saturday ago.  Last time we went on a Saturday afternoon for brunch. OMG! the worst dining experience I had in last decade! It starts with the host, who's by the way a hipster wannabe who thinks he is Brad Pitt or something. He pointed to the corner meaning that's where we can sit. We took our own seat which apparently was ONLY appropriate for 3+people so, the rude snob came  and asked us to move! To a small high table, of course very uncomfortable sitting! We asked him if we can move outside, he said yes and again pointed to some empty spot outside. At the time, we already had our water. Now mind you, let alone him being rude, we had to move ourselves carrying our own drinks to new spot! ( Should have left at that point). Then the clueless, Clay Aiken wannabe came to us, took the order without looking at us for once. I order coffee and smoothie( which by the way came with the check). The table we were sitting was on the uneven ground so we asked him to fix it which is waste of words and time because the little superstar wannabe was too busy and too good to fix customer's request. The food runner came out and put the order wrong for our table and the table next to us! The food take forever to come out so we asked if they can bring out bread or something, which by the way come out right before the check and charged us $2 extra! I asked for brown sugar packages for my coffee which never came! No one came and check on us the whole time, meanwhile the two "too-old-to-be" hippie guys came out from inside and sat next to us and started smoking like chimney where there was a BIG sing say no smoking. We asked the server to tell them but apparently they seem the owner or the buddy with the management!We asked for check and here comes my smoothie! To conclude, we left with no tips! My advise, Astoria has TONS of good awesome places to go for Brunch and dinner ( from old school Greek diner, classy French cuisine to up and cool, super chic spot) Don't get fooled by their so called fancy schmancy interior design and some indy music they play! Unless you want to go there and take a pic with a cool design, then go ahead , do just that and leave!  The worst place on Earth!
Feel better after more visits. Guess it's because we never saw the reception girl again after then...
Have been here several times both before and after the recent renovation, mostly for drinks.  Good margaritas. On my most recent visit I met a friend for lunch and ordered an iced cappuccino (yummy) and a salad.  Found a hair in my salad that wasn't mine, and that is the last time I will ever order food there. Drinks only from now on.
May be 3 -3.5 stars if it's in somewhere in the village area in Manhattan. But in Astoria this place is one of the must-go for me. long time fan of this place. Really cozy bar, but after their remodeling(they changed both the decor and menu), some of their original unique characters seem to have disappeared.. Technically both the menu and decor got upgraded, but I miss their old menu and a bit chaotic furniture. But still they have the iconic picture of a nude lady there, and stay one of the good places for drinking and brunch in this neighborhood. Yea, I'll be back here again.
It's a trendy looking joint in the Steinway hood, and that's all it is.  They refurbished, but they forgot to enhance the menu and the service.  One can't discern the theme of the menu. I came here for a light snack and although it was empty on Jan. 1, 2011, the service was really slow and I only ordered the guacamole and chips.  My friend wasn't impressed with the dry lamb burger either.  I've had much better guacamole at Rosa Mexicano and other venues, so don't order it.  It tastes like guacamole salad with the red onion.
Perfect place to work, study, relax or indulge! 24 hours, free wifi Great food too!
Good food/drinks, bad service. The blonde waitress needs to stop socializing with her friends & every guy in the place and check on her tables. I should not need to flag you down every single time I need a drink- even though she saw empty glasses and still walked away. Hint hint lady.
Loved this place. Went for the first time last night for drinks and had an awesome experience. I was told they make a great mojito and after having one, I can vouch for that! The bartender made me a special recipe he had just learned. The Russian Lemonade was really excellent too! The mint is blended which is unique for a cocktail. Friendly staff, cozy ambiance. Definitely going back to try some of the food.
Go to Cafe Bar for the weekend brunch and get the huevos rancheros with a bloody mary! So much yum.   I've been here a lot and I really like it. It is perfect for brunch or lunch.The other dishes are great too but I still always come back to this one. Service is usually good although there've been times where they were a bit slow.
This place was my all times fave! The atmosphere the food, everything! It used to be top on my list to show to my Manhattan or other visiting friends! I appreciate their effort to be Green and all that and their "more rare recently"  artsy event input. Their quinoa salad is maybe the best I'v tried in NY and their waiters usually sweethearts.  A not so great thing to say...Last Sunday I went with a friend for brunch and we ordered french fries, they where an unusual disappointment! There was not one fry to eat in that plate. Cmon guys, please, lets not destroy it!
One star is too much. We were treated with distain by our rude, put apron waiter. Bad salad and the worst Bloodymary ever made. So many better places in a block radius.
Cafe Bar was one of those places on a lonely stretch of street that I thought would close in a few months. "That place will never last" I said. While I've since had a chance to eat my words, the place can't be beat for a nice cocktail on a comfy couch with tapas. Or was. Before they redecorated. I've since been back to try brunch--I've long been lusting after the very pretty plates people were eating as I passed the outdoor tables. Well, the fare is up to Manhattan standards, but the french toast had an icecube of strawberry butter on them, that was never ever going to melt (even with global warming) and the syrup carafe was still so cold from the frig that I was truly amazed. 'Me, put this--on my not-piping-hot french toast?' Well, I did ofcourse. Also--they have no decaf coffee, only decaf cuppucino. Very weird, if you ask me (see CAFE Bar? Get it?) They are a brunch place--but HAVE not waffles. Tell grandma THAT on Mother's Day. Still, we had a good time and the food survived these mishaps. The shakes were good and we'd all go back. Be advised if you're bringing children that there is a painting of a naked lady on the wall.
The good: Every dish I've tried from this place has been delicious and well prepared. The bad: The service is VERY inconsistent.  Sometimes they're spot on and other times, they pretty much forget you're there. The bottom line: If you're looking for some great food and have a decent amount of patience, go to Cafe Bar. As for me, I usually end up there on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  So even if it takes a while for me to get my food, I probably won't get my panties in a bunch over it.
Cafe Bar is your typical Mediterranean cafe, which in Astoria are a dime a dozen. I've been twice with groups of friends and have had the same experience both times. The service is very slow. The food is tasty - but nothing special. The best thing about the place is the fact that its open 24 hours. If you're looking for food at 3am - do it but for dinner at 8pm, I would pass this place up for something else.
No STAR!  By far this was the worst service I have ever received!  The Bloody Mary tasted like straight up cocktail sauce.  After waiting, and waiting for our check we finally got up and went to the bar.  Upon leaving we noticed that waiter was out front smoking. I mean, I mean REALLY.
Cafe Bar's huevos rancheros is probably one of the best around. It really can't be beat. I've never had a bad meal here, whether visiting for brunch or dinner. Their berry mojitos are really delightful and I'd recommend them to any mojito lovers. The decor is really fun and I love the outdoor seating. The only thing that prevents me from giving Cafe Bar a 5 star rating is the service. It's incredibly, incredibly slow. The wait staff is often inattentive and they tend to disappear. My best advice is to skip Cafe Bar if you're pressed for time, but if you're not on a tight schedule, enjoy their tasty, very vegetarian and vegan-friendly, menu.
I have come here for happy hour drinks, breakfast, and lunch. I'm always happy. I like to sit outside or at the bar. The cocktails are all very good, and their brunch deal is reasonable: a $12.95 entree gets you a drink and for $10 more, you can go unlimited. The Bloody Mary this past time I went was a bit spicy, but I still drank the whole thing. I love the decor, too.
hmmm... maybe... the address is wrong?? it's on  the corner of 34th ave. and 36th st.  I had to call 2 times to make sure.. very relaxable, and cozy and funky style bar...  good place to hang out and drink w/ friends in my hood.. that's good enough for now.. I met Maria M, Javier M, and Rob L here.. it was first time Queens union!  =)
I've been going here now and again for a few years, and its really starting to go downhill.  The decor has definitely improved...the place is really charming.  However, the food is just okay, and the portions keep getting smaller and smaller.  I usually get a veggie or falafel wrap.  They used to include fries, now that's extra.  Then they added a little bit of mixed greens on the side, now you have to order a side salad....so they took away the greens and now you get a couple carrots.  Give me a break.  I also had some time of Moroccan soup one time, it made me gag. One of the things that really bugs me about this place is when you sit outside during the summer, all of the waitstaff, including the skinny boy manager, smoke like freight trains.  And they do this in front of the customers.  They serve someone and go smoke a cigarette.  Go get someone water, then smoke a cigarette again, etc...so its no uncommon for 3-4 of them to be standing there dressed to work, smoking in front of all their customers on the side walk directly outside.  Even as someone who used to smoke, I can tell you its trashy to watch while you're eating a meal.  Complete lack of class.
Cafe bar is a unique find in Astoria.  The decor is very funky and mod, which I loved.  The bartender was friendly and attentive.  The environment was very non threatening and fun to be in.  I will gladly go back to cafe bar! It's my favorite astoria spot yet.
Cafe Bar is a great place to go if you are looking for a place to sit for awhile.  The food is pretty tasty, and their drinks are good too!  The only downside to being able to sit and chill for however long you desire is that it's because sometimes the waitstaff disappears a bit, so you may have to work hard to find someone if you want to pay and leave!  But overall, it's a nice place to relax.
been here at least a dozen times...its a good date spot or to just to chill out with friends....food is always good (tried almost everything on the menu)...they just recently renovated so it looks way more upscale and modern...although, I did like the big comfy couches from before and games. Love the staff...bartenders are super cool.
My friends refer this place as "the no name bar" due to its generic title or lack there of. I started coming here when it first opened and I was never a big fan. Its a bit on the expensive side, and the service was lousy and nothings changed since then. If anything, I'll come here for a boring beer after the movies, but there are better choices around in LIC/Astoria.
I've only been here a handful of times and it's always been at the end of a long night of drinking because it's blocks from my house and allows me to get something in my belly before I pass out. The fresh hummus is delicious! ambiance is nice. A bit loud, but that's good or bad depending on my mood. All in all, a good end to a good night can always be found here.
An excellent place to spend a couple hours hanging out and drinking with a few good buddies. I love the artsy atmosphere and the writings on the wall of one bathroom that kind of creeps me out when I get too fucked up. The drinks are good and the food is okay. It's just a nice, unpretentious place to go. The service sucks sometimes though.
A favorite spot of mine! They have a great menu and the Frappes are off-the-hook!  The patio is great for some sun and cocktails and the inside is great for an artsy/good music kind of time.  The staff is always friendly.  I highly recommend trying the Greek sausage.  YUMMY!
Well the food was excellent. That said, I really lost my appetite when a giant rat scurried across the room. The casual waitstaff seemed unusually accustomed to their presence and offered little solace. We were especially surprised at the rude treatment that followed. The food gets an A, everything else an F.
Terrible brunch. Stay away. Inedible granola and terrible entrees.  The waitress forgot about our bloody Mary's we never got them, but then wouldn't take them off the bill... Worst service ever. Stay away.
Cafe Bar is a trendy fun little place in Astoria, that is great for relaxing with some friends or a date and have some good food and drinks. I went to this place on a date with a girl who lived near by and recommended the place.  The food and drinks were tasty and the atmosphere was perfect for date conversation. The decor was sort of and eclectic retro bohemian theme with mismatched furniture and a very interesting stained glass window. The food and drinks were a little on the expensive side, but the wait staff was nice and allowed us to sit and talk well after we had finished eating so it was worth it in my mind.
They renovated this place I believe.. and it works!! I love the art/deco modern look of this place. Coffees are served in huge mugs, a great wifi couch on the side, cute tables for romantic dates and a new menu. Food wise, the menu sounds impressive but what I get on my plate is ehh.. not to my expectations. The steak and eggs for brunch was good, I liked that the steak was marinated, but I hated that it was like 2 inches x 3 inches long. Seriously, I was like where did the other half of my meat go?
A nice little spot in Astoria, Cafe Bar serves up some decent food along a well-traveled strip on the border of a lively residential neighborhood. A fairly short walk from the N/Q train's Broadway stop, my friend and I went here for brunch one Saturday. He'd suggested it because he and his girlfriend apparently come here all the time and love it. The day of our visit, it was a pleasant if slightly sultry summer morning, and while there was ample seating outside, we elected to sit indoors with the air conditioning. The hostess was a bright and cheerful girl who seated us promptly in a sky-blue booth at the back of the restaurant. The place was practically empty when we were there, and the service was extremely attentive and timely. This place has funky, modern decor and a lot of silver reflective mirrors that border on the nearly-gaudy, but that means nothing because the food is good and the staff is so kind. I have food allergies, so dining out is always a bit of a challenge, and generally diners, due to their propensity to serve up greasy food, are not my friends. But Cafe Bar had a nice brunch menu selection that included some generally safe items for me. I had an egg-white omelet with tomatoes and spinach that rounded out to a nice and economical $11, and when the waiter brought my toast, he served it plain and then asked if I wanted butter for it. I can't really eat butter so I declined, but I was very impressed with the fact that Cafe Bar served the toast in such a manner. Most places just slather the butter on the toast, but the fact that Cafe Bar gives you a table side option for this particular breakfast item is a nice touch and speaks of a level of courtesy that they extend to their guests. My friend had the English breakfast, which is basically two eggs served on English muffins, with sides of hash browns, bacon and baked beans. He said it was delicious and I've no doubt it was. He also ordered a mimosa - Cafe Bar was also serving up Bloody Marys as a drink option - but he didn't drink much of it. I don't know whether it wasn't up to par or he was just too stuffed from the English breakfast, which should probably come with its own zip code or something. The coffee wasn't bad, but I'm a coffee snob and am highly judgmental when it comes to this drink and its proper preparation, so I believe there was room for improvement in this area. However, the wait staff were constantly checking in to make sure that our drinks were filled and our food okay, and their attentiveness was professional and appreciated. In total, the bill came to $27, which was fantastic for Brunch In The City. Okay, it was Brunch In Queens, but how nit-picky do you really want to get in this instance? It was a great deal on some good food that left us full and ready to conquer the world! Or in my case, the subway. Cafe Bar is a more than decent establishment that seems to hold its own amongst many similar restaurants in Astoria. The next time I'm in the neighborhood, I'll be back for a visit.
I like this spot mostly for the atmosphere but the food and drinks are overpriced.
Came here for a late Sunday brunch and had  a Bellini with a Pear & Gorgonzola salad with Chicken.  It was delicous and really hit the spot.  My friend had the 3 tacos with one of each and I tried a part of her fish one and THAT was really yummy too.  I'll be back!
An all time favorite!   I cannot tell you how many times I have been here but it's an absurd amount!! First off,  the decor of this place is eclectic.  It reminds me of a chill place in LA with Retro decor and pops of color.  The dishes are all mismatched with their coffee mugs and crazy chairs and lounging furniture.  They also have an awesome music collection that seems to always constantly rotate.   I usually come here for brunches on the weekend and have an awesome menu.  The omelettes are very good especially the herb omelette and huervos rancheros.  The 4 grain pancakes are equally as special as well with their strawberry butter and great texture. At night, it seems to transform itself into this great place for a nice dinner or drinks with friends.  The lighting is great accompanied with a   great vibe!!  The salads are amazing like the greek salad as well as the desserts!! You will not go wrong whatever time you come here!!!
It's a solid, mid-priced cafe. I had the mediterranean breakfast and got pitas, tahini and yogurt sauces, and eggs scrambled with olives and other veggies along with a mimosa. It came out to like $10 or so. Not too bad, though we were stranded without our check for awhile until we grabbed a server and asked for it.
Absolutely love everything about this place. The food, the staff, the drinks, the vibe. The Pork Loin sandwich is killer. The only thing that sucked was my berry mojito was too fresh! I needed a strainer to drink it.
Took 30 minutes to get noticed. We had to get our own menus and go in to ask for water. I ordered a veggie wrap and my roommate ordered a mozzarella sandwich. Her sandwich came and my wrap never did. When I asked where it was the waiter told me I never ordered it and proceeded to continue insinuating I was lying about ordering it. Wouldn't come back.
Came in late one Saturday night with a group of 5, and could not have felt more unwelcome.  No one greeted us and service was beyond terrible & rude.  Took our waiter forever to come over and he walked away before all of us had ordered!  My cocktail, a jalapeno margarita was so disgusting and made incorrectly (everyone tried it and agreed it was awful) so I asked to send it back.  That sent him over the edge, demanding to know what was wrong with it, and was not satisfied with my answer.  I asked for a beer instead, if they had Blue Moon.  He didn't say anything and walked away, then brought me an Amstel Light.  Seriously?
Decent food, incompetent service. The place gets pretty crowded at brunch time, with lots of children, who are crabby because the staff invariably brings their food last. One waitress in particular is especially useless and unapologetic for numerous stupid mistakes - the attitude is unmistakable from the outset, so go with your gut and ask to be reseated elsewhere.
I went to Cafe Bar for brunch and it was delicious. I had the Mediterranean Scramble which was probably about 3 eggs and a ton of vegetables. It also came with toasted pita breach and a yogurt sauce. It was very filling and came with a mimosa which was extremely refreshing. We were able to sit outside and the area is not too loud which is nice. There were plenty of people inside and outside and the outdoor area is dog friendly which is nice. The inside atmosphere feels like a diner but I am tempted to return for happy hour one day. I have no complaints and will be returning.
Great food, beautiful atmosphere, friendly and personable service.  I feel like some of these negative reviewers must have hit Cafe Bar on a bad day.  Check it out for yourself!  Thumbs up!
I'd give this 0 stars if I could. Waited entirely too long for two drinks, was told there was no happy hour, despite there being half a page in my menu that read happy hour, and the outdoor tables were gross and wobbly. It looked cute but that's about all. Major disappointment.
yum, even my dog loves this place!
I used to love this place and still do as the renovations are pretty sweet but the new menu (dinner) isn't as good as before.  The portions are much smaller and are generally less appetizing.  Hope they consider combining the old with the new.
Cafe Bar is like the cool, artsy bar of Astoria (that sounds kind of odd).  While the atmosphere is a nice change of pace from the Astoria lounges and Irish pubs, the prices are a little high--it just pisses me off when you pay more for drinks in Queens than in the East Village.  Strangely enough, they have great ice cream...
I love this place for what it is--airy, eclectic and a good place near my home for me to bring my laptop and write research papers while dining on breakfast allllll day. I have seen complaints that the service is slow. I don't know about that because when I go I am sort of looking to be left alone and to not feel pushed out the door. I think the feel is more "European" than slow. They mean the same thing but the former is a cultural value while the latter sounds a little short bus-y.
Went here yesterday. They have happy hour but won't let you know.  We asked the waiter if they have the sangria for their happy hour and he was like "ammmm.... today is Wednesday, let me find out." And when he came back he said "oh yes, we have." Like he doesn't know! What a shame! After less than an hour, while we were still eating and drinking, the waitress came to us to give our check because her shift was over... Foods were good, just a little small in proportion.
I used to live near by, and I stopped by since I played tennis near by.  We are 4 some, two of them only had a cocktail each, and our bill came to $134.00 plus tip.  ( I domit that we drunk quite few glassed of wines, but I was surprised.)  Should have gone to beer garden instead.
The food here is great, the service usually sucks. If you're prepared it's a great place for brunch and to take small groups (5 or less). The selection is all over the map and it's all good from crepes to omlettes to pancakes on the weekends and phenomenal cypriot, english and greek breakfasts. That said drinks (more than Starbucks basics) are spendy and service is usually spotty. Still worth it though! NOTE-THIS WAS THE OLD CASE: It seems that they've got new management as of Fall 08-the decor's been updated an SERVICE NO LONGER SUCKS! hope this doesn't mean prices'll soon go up!
I've been coming to Cafe Bar for years, and the new design and menu make this restaurant the best dinner spot in Astoria. I took a date here and hadn't been in since the remodel. When I saw the updated decor, I was nervous we were underdressed. But the vibe here is still the cozy, laid back vibe it was when it seemed more like a coffee shop. I was also pleasantly surprised to see there were more dinner options. (Not to mention draft beer!) We started with halloumi cheese fritters which were delicious and sort of a modern take on greek cuisine. I then got scallops and my date had the lebanese salad. The new items were great, and the salad was featured on the old menu and is still delicious. Good to see they kept some "local favorites". We were too full for dessert, but the selection looked fresh and amazing. We will definitely come back for a piece of the red velvet cake. And maybe some espresso martinis! Last but not least, this was a pre-movie dinner and we found out it was happy hour till 7 and had a couple $4 gin and tonics! Staff was friendly and efficient...an overall great meal (and good place to impress a date if they've never been). A slice of manhattan in the heart of Astoria!
Been going here for years- Used to have a more cozy, kitschy, eclectic decor.  They remodeled now and it just looks kind of like most other euro-trendy cafes/lounges.  But still love it.  Always a chill atmosphere. They have a good menu of sandwiches, wraps, teas etc. but we love the brunch.. specifically the Juevos Rancheros. Get it with a side of Haloumi (cheese), a mimosa and you won't regret!  Also, just had a drink called the "White Manhattan"- delicious and packs quite the punch. Do it!
One of my very favorite cocktail menus anywhere. I love the English Garden, I slip back in time sipping it. Try the White Manhattan, that's a crazy combination. If you come here in cold weather the hot boozy drinks will warm you right down to your fingers and toes. It's hard to get a decent hot buttered rum anywhere but this one is always perfect. The Dark & Stormy Martini is good too!
The service at Cafe Bar is an insult to restaurants every where. Every time I go there, I feel like I've been abandoned. Last week was the last time I'll ever go back-- It took the waitress 20 minutes to bring us our bottled beers and when I went inside to look for her she was sitting at the bar talking. We only ordered an appetizer because we were in a rush. AFTER AN HOUR the appetizer finally came out-- BURNT. No one apologized for it, or offered to take it off our bill. It's a shame because I really used to like hanging out there (I even had my birthday party there last year). I wonder if they're under new management?
I gave Cafe Bar an undeserving 2 stars because I have been before and sat at the bar and the Huevos Rancheros were cooked they way they should be cooked even though the salsa was marinara sauce but what can you expect ordering a Mexican dish from a Greek diner. Fast forward to Sunday 6/3/13 at 9 pm. We were seated right away and then left for 15 minutes before we got our water but at that point we were ready to order. After placing our order 20 minutes go by and our server comes to say that he doesn't speak Spanish so he doesn't know when our food will be ready but that he has inquired about it. We get a baked potato with veggie chili and cheese. AWFUL. It was a boiled potato with about a teaspoon of unflavored tomato and bean and 2 slices of what looked like american cheese barely melted on top. $12 Yeah!!!! $12!!!! So 15 minutes later our fish tacos and burger come out. The waiter was apologetic about the food taking so long and offers us sweet potato fries on the house as a gesture of hospitality. THANKS! The fish tacos are overly fishy and deep fried... The menu description says pan grilled or something so deep fried was not expected but also because we were so hungry not a deal breaker. The burger I ordered comes as a lamb burger with a side of tzatziki sauce. I ordered beef so when the waiter came around to ask us about our meal I said that I had received a lamb burger to which he got very defensive saying that it wasn't his fault and the kitchen made the mistake, that they don't even speak english... Whoa there guy, I don't care about any of that and you not owning it makes this seem like this problem happens more often than not. The lamb burger was good. Although not what I wanted it was tasty. We are completely finished with our meal, no more water in the bottle to pour ourselves and we are wondering where our server is when we get hit in the face with a giant cloud of weed smoke... guess who walks around the corner coughing... yep, our waiter who walks right by us saying nothing and not returning. Smoke all the weed you want but be attentive to your guests! My wife finally goes inside to look at the desserts in the glass case orders an apple turnover from the host. It comes about 5 minutes with a scoop of ice cream... The dessert was the best part of the meal and I'm not 100% sure it was even created at the restaurant. The bill comes with everything on it even the complimentary sweet potato fries... We pay and leave a more then generous tip, never to return. The food is mediocre and priced way to high for what it is, the waiter was inattentive, unprofessional by tossing other employees under the bus, was unable to take criticism and unapologetic about wrong items delivered. Skip Cafe Bar unless you have time to sit around while not being served and only want to drink expensive drinks.
Great place, great staff, great music, delicious drinks that actually have enough booze in them to get my night going.  Hooray!
The decor is a great mix of bohemian and mid century modern. My boyfriend and I have plotted schemes on taking the furniture back to the apartment with us (ie, I will distract the whole bar while he grabs a couch and strolls out the door!). Though for Queens I feel the drinks are overpriced and the food is just ok.
Came here fri or sat night? My friend had visited a week earlier and said it was a nice place for dessert so off we went. The staff seems really nice and it looks like a chill place, but the service is lacking; it just seems like they're not all there... reminded me of when i'm on vacation in a really slow-paced town down south. was a little bit funny to me. So we decided we'd start with something alcoholic and got sangria but it took 35+ minutes before we got to sipping. We noticed they forgot to give us the big wood spoon that other parties had in their pitcher and oh, there was a beer bottle cap suspended in there with the apples and oranges. haha. well nobody was really that turned off by that so no harm, no foul. The staff was genuinely dumbfounded and had it replaced after some time. We asked for new glasses, she took our old ones away, and after talking amongst ourselves for some time, realized that our waitress forgot about us... I proceeded to get the attention of the guy i showed the beer bottle cap to and he took a glance at our untouched sangria and did an actual facepalm; there was something satisfying about that gesture. So the girl comes a little later and sets down 2 glasses filled two-thirds with ice and takes off (btw we have 3 people hah). So then I get the attention of one of the staff and tell him we need more glasses and he thinks it's funny that we're drinking sangria out of regular water glasses (waitress told us they had run out of wine glasses). then finally, finally he brings water glasses, sangria-appropriate glasses, and water. yay. sooo exhausting just trying to recall all that. The sangria itself wasn't anything special. I could really taste the orange peels... yum. And I felt like the waitress was avoiding us like she was ashamed or something. I thought I'd order a slice of red velvet cake and some munchies the next time she came back... she never did the entire night haha... I don't know - she seemed really nice and accommodating when we first arrived, as did the other staffspeople... what happened??
Had brunch here last weekend and I have to say that all of the reviews here are pretty spot on. We had a very similar experience. Group of 5 arrived at around 12:30 on a sunday and there was no wait which was great. The place has a funky, slightly industrial vibe to it - I liked it! Outdoor seating was definitely inviting, however it is certainly not the best looking street in astoria. Once seated, I felt a kind of amateurish - diner vibe from the service. First they gave us the wrong menus, then replaced them only to take 2 of them away a few minutes later because they were running short. I noticed quite a few flies buzzing around our head while we were ordering. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and pretend it was because they had the doors open. Menu was fairly standard but with some ethnic inspired selections (greek, english etc) Most entrees were 13 bucks and included a cocktail, a great deal! I had the cypriot breakfast which had a included a delicious sausage! It was enjoyable. Cocktails were pretty standard, but tasty. The service was spotty and food did take over an hour to come out. We were with great company, so I didn't mind too much. They even comped us a drink. This seems like a pretty standard experience though. If you do go, expect to wait a while to be served. Overall, I would probably go back again but it's not on the top of my list on brunch places in astoria.
This place is just fine.I like to go there with friends for some drinks and appetizer ,to kill the time. Service is fine,but some of them could do better job,at least put some smile on their faces... Nothing spectacular here.Place is good for killing the time,food is ok,dessert so far not my taste,wine is ok... Not a place with quality food and wine,but works very well for some nights to hang around with friends!
Great Astoria cafe with a hip vibe and delicious food. Great for a meal with friends, hot tea with a book or a pre-movie drink.
I love the vibe this place gives off. It's so chill and a little jazzy and intimate...we had a nice relaxing dinner here. The cold meze was a nice starter-the variety of cheese was perfect! We also got a bottle of red, dont remember what it was called but it went really well with the meze plate. For my entree I had the veggie burger, and it was so yummy because they make them themselves! It was so fresh! We had the apple streusel and ice cream for dessert which was a perfect finish to our dinner.
relatively cheap, friendly, and delicious.   i ordered the cypriot breakfast, and it was lovely.  the halloumi was delicious, and i did not want to share.  i don't know what they put in the potatoes, but whatever spice mixture and oil is used to cook them makes for among the most amazing potatoes i've ever had.  they're not crisp on the outside/moist on the inside like other breakfast potatoes at a typical diner, but moist and tender all around.  the mushrooms that dot the potatoes are wonderfully surprising little flavor explosions. the water is good, too.
I wish I could get back the 2 hours of my life that I wasted at this place.  Went there for brunch at around noon.  Left around 2:00.  We waited about 1 hour and 45 minutes for our food.  I don't mind if service is a little slow, but this was f-ing ridiculous.  And when the food finally came, it sucked. Sucked!  I only ate about half of my meal. I got the poached eggs with smoked salmon.  The eggs were fine but the salmon didn't taste very fresh so I didn't eat most of it.  I left there feeling hungry and angry.
I usually do not give 5/5s, but I really enjoyed our brunch there today. I have run by this place a few times and always thought it was just for hipsters. Although even if that is the case, the food was DELICIOUS! The atmosphere was great and the service was very nice and responsive. I can't wait to go back!
Used to really like this place, but at dinner last night, the food was cold, the service was slow, and the portions were so small that we literally went home and ordered another dinner. Won't be back anytime soon.
Cafe Bar is a great place to go if you're in the mood for an eclectic and funky atmosphere. Couches and chairs of all colors fill the room. The food is also very good, and there is usually a good size crowd. The Sunday Brunch is my favorite time to go. Hint: Get a bloody mary! I also hear it's great on the weekends, but I haven't had the chance to check it out.
Ok. I still like this place, but I'm taking away their star, because their drinks are slightly overpriced. Gimme a break. Cool place but take $1 off every drink (ex beer) and I'll give you back your star.
Very nice space, good drinks, good food, fun.
I would really like to give this a 3.5. The food is always good, I have no complaints in that category... Its the service. Slow to refill the water, slow to bring you the check. When they get busy as they frequently do on the weekends, they seem to get overwhelmed and forget about you. Its happened to me more than once.  Ive been going here regularly for 2 years because it is around the corner from my house and it has a good selection of foods. If you dont mind taking your time and just chillin with you food and drinks, this place is def. for you. While I miss the old decor, I still feel good in this environment.
I have been to this place numerous times and I am just addicted to their falaffel salad. It has the most amazing homemade falaffel I have ever tasted! I have also tried their Quinoa salad which is great, veggie burger, salmon sandwich, chicken sandwich. Basically a great place for a flexitarian ( lean chicken, fish and veggie eater). The service can fluctuate where sometimes it is incredible and other times it is awful I think this is because every time I go they change the staff. My favorite drinks are their warm alcoholic drinks like the Gluvine with an aroma and taste of anise and cloves as well as sweet red wine and honey. Definitely worth a try and great for groups as I made my annual Anti-anti Valentines all girls celebration of 18 beautiful ladies this past February 2012 and they all had a lovely experience!
If you haven't been to Cafe Bar in a while, you're in for a surprise.  Re-opened as of 3/20/10 (the first day of spring), it no longer resembles the basement family room of your 1970's youth.  Flat black on the outside, and touches of Tiffany blue on the inside; you'll find that the floorplan has changed, but close inspection of the painted glass will transport you to the hangout's previous incarnation.  The menu retains many Cafe Bar classics, and satisfies your craving for Astorian/Mediterranean sustenance.  The Cypriot Breakfast is your friend.
I loved this place in the before-time, back with the mis-matched furniture, quirky atmosphere, good food and good service.  I miss that time, as nearly all of those features have disappeared only to be replaced by a frou frou, mediocre food, minimal (yet, well-meaning) service in a blah atmosphere.
good cheap eats.  outdoor seating.  i recommend the cheese platter w/ pita bread, falaffel wrap and fish tacos.   service is friendly, parking a plenty.  decent wine offerings.
This place has expensive crappy food. My crepe was microwaved and my Frappe consisted of burnt coffee and ice cubes. If I wanted an iced coffee I would have said so. The waitress took forever to come take our order and then just did not bring me change!!! I can not stand places like this!! Bad service, bad food and over priced!
Just came across this amazing place. Indoor and outdoor seating. We sat on the L-shaped couched on the upper level and it felt like we were in Miami. The waitstaff is prompt and very attentive. The food is so good! I had the grilled chicken portabello sandwich and my gf had the butter lettuce salad.. we shared red velvet cake for dessert. EVERYthing was soo good! We will be back... right by the movies too
I was underwelcomed by Cafe Bar. I went for brunch on a Sunday and although it wasn't too crowded the waitress was nowhere to be found. The service was the worst part of my experience. My friend ordered blueberry pancakes and they forgot the blueberries! My meal was supposed to come with pita bread but they forgot that too. Overall the food was good but the service really put a damper on my experience. I'm willing to give Cafe Bar one more chance but it will not be my first choice. On the upside I did really like the architecture inside the restaurant; it's a good space.
Went by here for brunch this morning.  There were five of us.  I used to go here a decent amount years ago but haven't been in a long time ( Tupelo was stil across the street for you long time Astorians and oh how I miss it) and definitely not since they remodeled.  I like what they have done with the place.  The windows are pretty cool looking and they kept the painting of the naked woman that was there originally. It was nice because it wasn't very busy and we were able to get a seat right away.  I got the egg whites omelet w/ baby spinach and marinated tomatoes with a side of bacon.  I thought that it was pretty tasty but I think I would prefer regular tomatoes.  That is just personal preference and not anything against the food.  It was very good and cooked perfectly.  It came with a free mimosa or bloody mary.  We all got the mimosa and and enjoyed it.  Everyone got something different and we were all happy.  Meals were the Four Grain Pancakes, French Toast, English Breakfast and I don't remember the last.  The side of bacon was a good portion and was shared amongst everyone at the table so that was nice.  We split the bill evenly and with a 20% tip it came to $18 each.  We were all happy.
This is a great place for a good meal and conversation; the atmosphere is as relaxing as it can be (play free board games), and coupled with friendly services and good food (try the Lamb Burger $10), it is a wonderful hideaway to enjoy life.
Terrible service, they never checked on us or refilled coffee. Food is just OK, nothing you can't get at a diner except add $4 onto each item. The cute decor/ambiance is the only reason to go and even that wasn't up to par. I saw a lot of dirt stains on the wall, white couches and elsewhere.
The food at Cafe Bar is good but the service has really gone down hill. It's vary hard to get served there. If they put you in an out of the way corner or you ask to sit outside when it's not busy, forget about seeing your waiter. Sometimes they get confused about who's working what tables so we'll get asked 2x what we would like to drink and then the waiters seem to assume that the other one is taking care of it and then we never see either of them again. If they didn't have outdoor tables we would have never gone back but after all the shoddy service i think we're abandoning them forever.
This is not a place you want to go to for dinner and drinks. I ordered the burger with a sangria and wasn't to happy. The burger platter didn't come with fries and the sangria was nasty and not worth $8! I guess I don't know too much about this place, but it seems like a nice breakfast or brunch spot.
The worst service imaginable. Our hostess did not seem happy she had to clean the table we wanted. We sat down, not to mention she was pissed and actually made a comment she wanted to sit a party of 4 that had just walked in at the table we sat at. With that said, we were never given menus. We waited  10 min and still no service. A woman next to us had problems with wasps orbiting around her food and called the hostess for help, go figure. The Hostess walks by us, checks out the wasp problem, shrugs then goes back in. Still, no menus for us.  Very strange...We just got up and left, went to a better place a block away. While We don't expect the hostess to fool those beasts away, we do expect her to complete the simple task of bringing two menus.
Get the Cypriot brunch plate. Outstanding
This place used to be wonderful.  Then they remodeled and now it's not nearly as comfy or relaxing.  The last time I walked in was on a super hot, high humidity day and I was shocked to see their doors and windows open.  We went in, hoping there would be AC, but after surveying the new lay out and the sweltering atmosphere, we left.  Probably won't be back.
Cafe Bar is very much an Astoria institution. This is a mixed blessing. The food can be pretty good, like the veggie burgers and Greek-inspired stuff. Aside from the frappes, the coffees are not so great, and the decor is quite Eurotrashy. You know,  "you can never be too tacky with the neon!" Or the cheesy music! Finally, $4.00 is awfully expensive for tea, even if it's organic. I mean, they are just using teabags. Why can't Astoria produce quality boutique cafes like Sweetleaf? Remember one of the greats, Freezepeach? This is a call for coffee snobs and entrepreneurs: let's create a good cafe!
I come here quite often, and I have to say it's very cozy. I really like the atmosphere. Both the food and the service is inconsistent. There are certain menu items that are amazing (ham and cheese) and some pretty bad (falafel and hummus wrap). But then, I order something like regular hummus and pita another day and the hummus suddenly is good. I've ordered a few of their expensive smoothies and every time they haven't been good. But in general, the food is mostly ok. As for the service, it's highly dependent on who's serving you. Sometimes great, sometimes awful. The good thing is they don't try to rush you out the door. They are really chill in there. I still show up a lot because it is so relaxing and nice in there.
Check out my review of my dinner at Cafe Bar matteatsnyc.blogspot.com…
it's with great sadness and a deep heart I write this review. When I went to Cafe bar yesterday I thought to myself, "all right, new decor, higher expectations!". It was the same old Cafe Bar that had me waiting for food more than half an hour, and I understand, it was mother's day, but then the food was just a big no. The Cabbage salad should be renaimed "Spinach & Parmesan Salad with a bit of cabbage", my mom's quinoa was not bad but the $5 shrimp added was gross to even look at it. my falafel was so awful I felt sick afterwards. I wonder if they used eggs, and it's my fault for not saying I'm vegan and intolerant to dairy and eggs. The tall ponny tail hair waiter was super weird and almost rude when I asked about the berry champagne drink I used to have, he did not know what i was talking about and wasn't very nice about it. So I ordered mimosas, which were awful, but I asked for more juice and was able to drink it. No one ever asked us if we wanted another drink, so we didn't even bother either. The new decor reminds me of tacky hotels in South Beach, and its sad because the old look was much more chic and hip than this now. (warmer before). The food used to be way better (or maybe because I turned vegan there's less choices for me, I used to always have eggs in there) also the cocktail list used to be way better, and their staff?! where did they get that staff? omg...their sense of entitlement was overwhelming. Really sad. I used to love this place seven years ago, and took pride on it, now it's just a big mess. Very very sad. I hope they get their act together, improve the food, change their whole stuff, and then I might be back (even if you can't change the horrible look!)...
I have loved Monika's Cafe Bar for a very long time.  It was the place that convinced me to move from Manhattan and into the neighborhood of Astoria.  It's always consistent and Monika is great.  I even held my 40th birthday there.  But I have not seen Monika around and there are lots of haphazard changes lately.  Did she sell it or is there new management?  They recently finished a major renovation that really made the place amazing and now they seem to be randomly doing it again with mixed results.  The section with the big spacious booth has been replaced with a pastry case and little cafe that doesn't seem to belong in the same restaurant and the sturdy cafe chairs outside have been replaced with wicker ones that I'm kind of afraid I'm going to fall through.   It's a little confusing for a place that has always been so consistent.   However, the food is always amazing, they're extremely kid friendly, they let you take your time, everyone is really nice, and did I mention that the food is amazing?  They are now open 24 hours and although I've never had to go at 3 a.m., it's nice to know I can. Yes, the service can be hit and miss lately, but it's a minor thing.  It's still one of my favorite places and my go to in the neighborhood.
As of April 2010 I sadly have to update my review. The good news was that the kitchen has been turning out some serious food, albeit erratically. The bad news is that the place was renovated in February 2010. It looks good, but every surface inside is now sound-reflecting and the sound level is such that only juveniles with hearing loss from too loud iPods can be comfortable. This is no longer a place for anything other than shouted conversation. Oh, and the service sucks. They may be able to improve that, but the acoustics are probably irreparable.
I LOVE this place. I could eat their steamed red quinoa salad every day. They have tons of other really delicious options on the menu and are pretty affordable. Plus they give you lollipops with a take-out order!
I dont know what happened to this place, because a year or so ago it was really good. I went the other night and was so surprised at how bad the service and food was, that I had to write something. From our drinks to our entrees- It was really disappointing. Our waitress couldn't remember what we ordered and had to keep repeating it (write it down!)?A few things on the menu were not available, which was annoying. When we got our drinks, they were so bad we had to return them and get something bottled to play it safe. When our entrees came she brought us one knife and said 'that's all we have, fight over it.'  This would have all meant nothing if the food was good, but it wasn't. The ham and cheese croissant was hard and tasted microwaved, and the steak was like eating shoe leather. When it was time to get the check, the waitress was nowhere to be found. After inquiring about her whereabouts, we were told she went home. I swear, we thought we were being punked or something. Needless to say, we wil not be returning anytime soon. I hope this was just a bad night and they get their act together, because it used to be one of our favorite places.
i love love LOVE this place. not only is it walking distance from my apt but the atmosphere is real chill. the menu was expanded not long ago, which is really great. you can lounge on the couch or chill out with your friends outside (if it's nice enough). the staff is always welcoming and friendly.  i'm there for brunch, lunch, dinner, drinks...you name it. i am clearly a fan. good job cafe bar!
Went here for brunch before catching a movie at the Kaufman Cinema. Arrived at around 12pm and was able to grab a table outside. Right away the waitress brought out a large bottle of water, which was much appreciated and negated having to ask for water refills every 10-15 minutes. The menu options all looked really good, as did their brunch special. I settled on the scrambled eggs with chives and salmon, which came with home fries. The eggs were fine and nicely flavored - I'm not a huge fan of scrambled eggs (or omelets) as they tend to be dry - as I have a gluten allergy, most of the items on the menu unfortunately involved bread/pita, so scrambled it was. However, my boyfriend's food came with tzatziki sauce, which was excellent and added a nice flavor to my eggs. The real star of the brunch were the home fries. I have a love-hate relationship with homes fries, in that I love them, but 95% of the time they're dry/burnt - these were absolutely delicious. Potatoes were cooked and seasoned perfectly and came cooked with onion, mushroom, and asparagus. I would go back for brunch for the home fries alone. Service was effective and the bathroom clean. A great place to go on a nice afternoon or before/after catching a movie.
I love this this place, I think mostly because of the atmosphere.  It's very chill.  Food and drinks are decent, prices are fair.  Only BIG complaint is the service - it's never that busy and I do not understand why it takes 10 years to get the menu, the food, the check...
when Cafe Bar opened about ten years ago we all thought -  finally a cute hip place in Astoria...with it's funky decor, relaxed atmosphere, and cheap carafes of Greek wine, it was the best place to pick up a handsome Cypriot boy this side of Atlantic. Years later it has still maintained its flair by constantly reviving its decor and its menu. On any given afternoon you might come across local hipsters, nursing mamas, studio executives from Kaufman Studios, and yes, Greek men  smoking outside and playing chess. And that, my lovelies, is Astoria...
Undeserving one star!!! First and last time I come here.  I decided to try this place out with my friend because it looked like a small trendy place. But the service is absolutely horrible. So bad, that after 40 minutes of waiting for our food, we decided to leave. As we left, I told one of the waiters to cancel our order and he simply responded "ok!"  They were quicker in canceling our order than getting our food. Save yourself the hassle.
not impressed
Even though I don't really like this place at all, i have been here many times and still continue to go here.  So this rating doesn't seem to be quite fair but I can't give it a 3 because I really just don't like it.  The reasons I still come here even though I don't like it are: it's one of the only places you can pretty much always get a table outside and have a drink (when it's warm out), they serve food late (until at least midnight on weeknights which is hard to find sort of-esp if you want to sit down),  and the brunch is pretty good.  The reasons I don't like it are: it's expensive for being gross, they have no beer on tap, all the food I've had besides brunch here is pretty gross (for example the chicken burger tastes like a person burger and the chicken crepe was like a penguin crepe), the waiters are weirdos, and they make the fucking worst drinks I have ever had.  I have had at least 4 different $10 drinks from here and they were all super weak and just not good at all.  They tasted like gross old ice or something.  I don't known why I keep coming here, I am going to stop. It sucks.
very cool and chic place. love the ambiance and decor. has a cityish vibe to it, minus the city prices. wines are quite affordable and the food is good. a nice place to chill out and relax. you can come here to catch up and talk without being disturbed.
Absolutely love this place, it's everything I look for in a restaurant great food great service and a great environment, I love the mood they set once it turns night with some nice candle lights on each table as long as some great assorted funky lamps thorough out the place. It's a very down to earth place with great outside seating and the mosaic sliding doors really bring the outside in. The drinks (strawberry mojito) are to die for. One of my fav cozy places to eat.
I've eaten here a few times, as it's right down the street, but I always go hoping my last experience was a fluke. Maybe the waiter was having a particularly bad night, or the chef just lost the love of his life so he temporarily forgot how to make the menu items. Alas, it never gets better. The last time I visited I ordered a Cuban sandwich, and I really wanted it. I had been craving this all night, and I even reread the description on the menu to make sure they put the pickle inside (essential). So after waiting a ridiculous amount of time for a sandwich it comes...with only pork and cheese on it. That's all! I sent it back explaining what I ordered, even showed them the item on the menu with it's description. So I wait another 15 minutes, and it comes out again... still completely wrong. By now, I'm not even hungry anymore because I'm angry and perplexed as to how this simple sandwich could be screwed up, let alone twice. So back it goes again (I must say, I rarely send food back but all the blank stares I got from the waitstaff and the owner were amazing) and it's still wrong. I just eat it and vow never to go back. Too bad, since it could be a nice place that's close by.
a bit expensive and a bit on the slowside and also crowded. but the food is well worth it.. the smoked salmon sandwich is a great brunch meal. free wifi, lounging around seating - comfy couches.
Sunday noon brunch. Not crowded, good service, good food. Could be cheaper, but was cheaper than Manhattan, which is not something you can say for most of the other places in this neighborhood. We were 6 people. Though we made reservations, looked like we did not need to. The asparagus, mushroom, cheese crepes were good. The sweet potato fries were excellent. Coffee and water was replenished often. A bit cheaper, more relaxed, and more diversity of food choices than Locale, and certainly a lot less crowded than Sanfords (which does not take same-day reservations.)
staff was great ambience is great, but we ordered 2 frappes and they both came out tasting completely different. waiter fixed the problem by quickly replacing the bad frappe. though.  A+
Nice place. Food is delicious and generous portions. Waiters are cute. I will come back soon.
Was good 10 years ago. They tend to take themselves a bit too seriously now which means food is not as good and service tends to be a bit too slow. I know its supposed to a cafe so you can chill but c'mon, 1/2 hour  for a f'in panini?
I have been going to Cafe Bar since it practically opened..and that is a long time. I think a third of my salary was spent there one year. I loved to go to Cafe Bar prior to the renovations. The renovations are a nice touch to the grungy place it used to be (but I loved that). So, I was very excited when it re-opened. So I went for the brunch (my favorite, by the way).  My friend had the steak and eggs. Steak was not good. Tasted like ketchup and barbecue sauce. I had the mediterranean breakfast. I was not thrilled. They removed the egg white scramble and another dish which had eggs and your choice of scallions, tomatoes, or olives. The brunch menu changed!! WHY? Bring back the brunch menu! The mediterranean dishes were what set this place apart from the other brunch spots. Sadly to say, I have not returned for I am afraid to see what the lunch/dinner menu has in store. There is an old saying "what isnt broke, dont fix it". Your past patrons made you who you are today. Cafe Bar, you should have kept us in mind. They renovated more than the furniture, kitchen and walls. They revamped their menu. Not sure if it was a good move.
I've been going here since 97. It has been through many changes but has consistently kept up the lounge vibe. The breakfast brunch is great and the cocktails are strong and delicious. It's a perfect spot to go and catch up with old friends.
I recently moved into the neighborhood and this place is literally around the corner from me. I have been coming to this restaurant even before I moved here. The brunch and dinner entrees are delicious. As far as what I had, I can't remember every dish but a few that stood out is the Cypriot breakfast, the eggplant and Mediterranean dips and the lamb burger. This is the type of place if you want to come and relax, have a few drinks and play board games (since they provide them). If you are in a rush, do not eat here. The service tends to be slow, but this establishment is meant to linger around after your meal. Great neighborhood spot!
This place is disgusting. I had roaches crawling around my table and got told by the waiter that I need to deal with it because we live in NY.
well in the past I had a nice timethere so maybe it was the day.I went with my 6 year old son. Ordered a drink that came 20 minutes later. Our salad was microscopic with more lettuce then other ingredients...ok next...our cheeseburger was cold when it came like another 20 minutes after salad. The waiter gave us an empty ketchup bottle,asked for ketchup but he forget,had to ask the talbe next to mine. We were finished & they removed our empty plates like another 20 minutes ater,asked for napkins another 20 minutes. Asked for another drink took 10 minutes. The bloody mary is very good there. I asked the bus-boy for the menu cause my son wanted dessert instead the waiter gave the check and said his shift was over 7 could I pay the check. Hello did oyu bother to ask if I wanted anything else. I did not order dessert I do not remember the last time I did not give a tip maybe I have never done that but sorry I could not bring myself to tip. I have waited tables and have never treated a customer so badly. Hey maybe it was the day. I did not tip sorry.I will give it another try though cause there bloody marys are delish
Been going here since the late  late 90's. Always a cozy place. Friendly laid back staff, great music, nice diverse crowd, affordable, and creative interior decor and unpretentious.
I had such a horrible experience here that I just had to join yelp and leave a review as a warning.  I guess this is more of a rant than a review. I went to Cafe Bar today a little before 11 am with three other people.  I forgot that today is actually Monday (Memorial Day), so my favorite place, Locale, which is only a few blocks away from this unfortunate experience, was closed.  I've been to Cafe Bar before and it was alright.  Nothing notable but ok for a plain neighborhood spot. We got there, and were quickly seated.  The place was about 75% empty at this point.  Our waitress, a long haired blonde whose name I believe is Eva, was friendly and took our orders, four entrees and a drink.  Soon enough, she brought our drink and silverware.  A reddish piece of something was crusted on my fork, but Eva quickly replaced it at my request.  After about 40 min of waiting for our food, we flagged down and asked Eva where our food was.  She said that they're a bit backed up in the kitchen because they only had one cook today.  The other person had hurt his arm playing soccer.  She then said that our food should be right out.   We waited for another 10 min or so with no food.  I guess Eva saw us but didn't want to deal with us, because a different waitress with curly brown hair came by and told us that our food really will be out shortly.  She asked if we'd like any drinks or anything else.  Obviously, if we wanted any drinks, we would've ordered them and I told her so.  I told her that it's ridiculous for us to be waiting for this long, and that if they didn't have enough staff to service the guests, that they should've told us before we were seated or as soon as they found out.  She said that she understood and said that the food really will be right out despite me pointing out that that's what Eva said some time ago. After another 5 min or so, a man - I saw him behind the bar when we came in - came by and apologized.  He said that he can get us drinks or desserts.  I told him that once again, we are not interested in drinks.  As for desserts... I was not willing to wait another hour for dessert after the food... so no.  Another 5 min or so, past 12 pm, Eva finally brought us our food.  By now, we had been waiting for over an hour (approximately 65 - 70 min) without any food (not even a piece of bread).  Eva first brought out two entrees and the other two trickled out within the next 5 min or so. We scarfed down our food as we were running late, and asked for the bill.  They had graciously comped us the single drink, a $6 juice.  I think I'd rather have paid $6 extra to not wait over an hour for my food.  The bill was $50.09 total and I left $4.91 tip since I was quite pissed off.  I understand that unforeseen events happen, but they clearly knew that they were short on kitchen staff.  Since they knew that their kitchen was backed up, they should've told us as soon as they found out that our wait time may be excessive!  It's unacceptable for a restaurant to not inform their guests even after 40 min.  Keep in mind that we flagged down Eva ourselves after 40 min rather than her stopping by our table to check on us before we were even told why we were kept waiting for so long.  And it was another 20 min or so before we actually got our food even though we were told repeatedly that "it'll be right out."  If we knew that it'll be another 20 min + before we got our food, we would've left at that point.  I will never go back to Cafe Bar and will tell all my friends about this horrible service. As we were leaving Cafe Bar, we noticed that most of outside tables (3 or 4 tables out of 4 or 5 tables with guests) had drinks and several empty cups on the table, but no food.  I hope they didn't have as long a wait as we did.
I really want to like this place. I really do. The food here is definitely always amazing. Never fails. I love the creative, colorful and bright atmosphere. I read previous reviews complaining of the extremely slow service, so I had that in the back of my mind when i took my parents here for brunch one Sunday. The service was fine that day, but I also suspect because the restaurant was dead (xmas day, what do you expect). Anyway, went here for dinner and drinks with a friend last week. It wasn't very busy, but there was a nice amount of people there. Anyway, she ordered the Jalapeno Margarita and I stuck to beer..she hated her drink. I get it, everyone likes cocktails differently, and I happen to love Jalapenos and all things spicy and all things margaritas and tequila. In my opinion, it wasn't awful, but adding a bit of simple syrup (just a touch) would have done wonders to kill the spice a bit and help to differentiate the taste between the tequila, jalapenos and cucumbers. My biggest qualm is that we experienced the ridiculously slow service that other people had complained about. And by ridiculous, I mean, ridiculous. Our server was very sweet, very friendly, but I caught him standing by the bar sipping on a water and kinda staring off into space. Either that, or he tended to relegate himself to only one side of the room. We were going to have more drinks, but then decided against it on account that it would literally have taken almost another hour. I don't like leaving less than 20% tip, but I did this time. I have really mixed feelings about going back, considering its such a fun atmosphere and the food is really great....
has certainly come a long way
After about 5 visits here...my score is 4 stars for Cafe Bar. I have been here for brunch, dinner, or just drinks and the quality of food and beverage is top notch. My favorite is the skirt steak - I ordered the entree size portion last time with grilled brussel sprouts and the most amazing hash brown potatoes with bacon mixed in. If you're looking for quick service this is NOT the place...minus 1 star. The staff is reallllly nice but when your super hungry and just want to eat, it could be really frustrating. I've never been served cold food or the wrong order. The atmosphere is really cool (i'm not artsy so I don't know the words to describe the decor)..but nonetheless, interesting. Give it a try if you like Greek-American food favorites: grilled halloumi appitizer, pita with dip appitizer, skirt steak with chili sauce (app or entree)
I was in the area to check out Kaufman Astoria Studios' free street fair and this place was right across the street. My friend and I were starving and the menu looked appealing. We waited a short while before someone seated us outside. Since it was Sunday, brunch is served. There were parts of the menu that were not available during brunch so it was a bit disappointing since we glanced at the menu real quick before deciding to eat at this place. Our waitress was friendly and was busy serving the patrons in our area so we had to flag her a handful of times. One of them was for ketchup since our bottle was pretty empty. That made me wonder how often it is filled (or not) and cleaned out (or not). I ordered the Lamb burger (medium rare) with fries which took a while because the kitchen was backed up (not a good thing to tell a couple of starving people!) The burger was cooked to medium rare perfection. I cut my burgers in half and literally meat juices flowed all over. Compliments to the chef! It was delicious! For $3 more to add fries to my burger, I was disappointed at the portion at first. It wasn't huge, but after finishing the lamb burger, it was enough.
I didn't know where we were headed at 11:30 pm. I hadn't expected much either because it was pretty clear the driver hadn't thought it through. Made obvious when the person driving looks over at the passenger and asks, "where are you taking me?". Can't make this shit up.... how does one even respond to that? Big big sigh. Anyway, coming here made up for that ridiculous snafu. Ha! I've read some reviews after we left and surprisingly many of their patrons' gripes were about the service. Not at all so for us. In fact, it was pointed out that when my friend used to live in the area, he frequented the place because of their service and not just their food. Perhaps it depends on time of day/night and whose shift it is? Surely not our server from tonight. Not to mention my pesto mozzarella sandwich was absolutely delicious. Their food menu is pretty simple, but very good. I asked for a lemonade because, whatever, I'm boring and can't drink to save a life. Shut up. What I did get at the server's suggestion, I couldn't get enough of. It was frozen lemonade with fresh lemon juice and mint and holy crap, both glasses of it was so totally worth having to do the pee pee dance halfway home. It's definitely a neighborhood spot that is less crowded and off the beaten path. Good food and friendly service.
Brunch: delicious omelette with goat cheese, spinach, country fries with mushrooms. My friend liked a lot her lamb burger. A while ago my friend had a salmon and also liked it a lot. But then the crepes happened.....oh god, lol....old, tough to cut and eat.....The waitress coldly told us they make crepes in the morning for a day. Is this a joke? This was around 5-6 pm...Otherwise, we had fine experience....
My partner and I stopped in here for a midweek dinner and to get out of the apartment.  The place really seems to be more of a bar than a restaurant but we decided to give it a try. We were told to seat ourselves by the bartender.  Given the cool, drizzly weather we ordered an old-fashioned and manhattan from the menu.  After @ 10 minutes, I could see one drink was made but another was stumping the bartender.  Hmmm, a manhattan in New York didn't feel like a challenge.  A few minutes and a glass change later, the drinks showed up.  They were fine. We ordered a "Mixed Dip Plate", a greek salad with shrimp and a lamb burger with feta and a side of fries.  Nothing was outstanding.  The dips were all good, but the pita was not warm and the celery was emaciated and pale white - clearly one day from being tossed in the trash.  I ordered the lamb burger medium but it showed up rare with the hardest tomato I have seen in a long time (taking effort to slice), a few cubes of feta ($2 extra) and a mound of hot, albeit soggy, fries for $3 extra.  I left half of the burger on the plate, unable to eat under-cooked lamb.  The salad was good with large chunks of good cucumber, although it came with a same un-ripe tomato in large pieces. Our server was pleasant and responsive, and the bartender came over and asked about our drinks.  She said they typically did not get orders such as ours. We were presented with the menu for dessert but given the food experience with dinner, I decided to keep the bill under $100 and have cookies at home.  Given the competition in the neighborhood (Mars, Snowdonia, Tacuba, Astor), it was surprising how mediocre Monika's is - it doesn't rise above a beer and appetizer place.
Pretty good! Worth the visit! The food was fresh and crisp and I'm glad I went.
I've given this place a few good attempts since I live so close, but I don't think I can come here anymore because of the awful service. Food is pretty good, love the ambiance of the restaurant, but every time I've come here, which has been three times, I've waited awkwardly for at least 5 minutes for someone to tell me seat myself. This past time, I literally stared at the servers who have completely ignored me. Also, it takes forever to a menu. And when someone does give me one, no smile or hello or anything welcoming. I wish it had only been one time, but this has happened over and over again. Disappointing.
Great mixed drinks, nice on an off-key, Tuesday.  Great mixed drinks!  Recommend the Verry Berry Mojito! Great for groups and lovely area in Astoria.
Decent place to eat outside on a warm summer evening. Not the best 'view' since you're staring at Kaufman and there's limited people watching at this street corner. But they've got an extensive beer menu and the atmosphere is unrushed if that's what you're looking for. Food wise, the menu's got a very 'fresh'/wholesome vibe with all the "quinoa, field greens," etcetc, but it's like a marketing gimmick cuz what you're basically getting is pub food quality... We got the large salmon plate and the chicken sandwich with mushroom and olive tapenade. Wasn't a huge fan of the soury purée on the salmon, and the sandwich panini bread was waaay too crunchy - my jaw hurt by the end. Also had next to no flavor and was drydrydry. Service was nonexistent. Won't be rushing back here - food wasn't that great, and looking at the Kaufman fence gets boring.
Just had tilapia which was delicious. The Brussel sprouts were fantastic!! The service was good also
Stopped in here for a salad and some wine. Great ambience, staff is really attentive and  nice. They have a good variety of items on menu reasonably priced. The shrimp Greek salad was amazing! They also have a variety of bands during the week! I was here on a Sunday night and it was pretty busy.
Great spot for a quiet brunch with friends. The food came in generous portions, was unique and served quickly. The staff was attentive but not overly burdensome. Lastly the decor is both soothing and inviting. I'm looking forward to trying the place for dinner! I ordered the egg white omelet served with some sort of tomato potato dish....best potatoes I've had in a while! The meal also comes with a brunch cocktail with the option of a $10  1 hour unlimited brunch...not a bad deal considering the omelet was only about $12...I will definitly be back!
This place is great. The food is great and prices are so reasonable. I had the steak salad and it was so good and filling. My gf had their vegetable platter and it was more than enough for 2 or 3 people. Great place and nice patio too.
My oh my...this place seems to make even the simplest of foods taste amazing. Their menu changed but the food is still great. I've had sandwiches, their vegan platter, and sweet potato fries. All so yummy and delicious that I wanted to keep on eating even when I got full. Did I mention the portions are pretty big? And the sweet potato fries that are not soggy? You gotta check this place out.
Love the food from the cheese player to the burgers and sandwiches can't say anything bad about this place .also the decor is a plus.
Great food, with an extensive menu. The service is scattered and rude.
Mmm Monika's, I love that you're down the block! The lamb burger and cypriot breakfast platter are my favorite dishes here. The lamb burger oozes goodness with feta cheese and red onions. All the cocktails are pretty strong and well crafted. This place isn't fancy at all, but the servers are all very friendly and attentive. It's perfect for relaxing after a stressful day at work or having low-key drinks with friends on a Friday night.
Came here after dinner... Nice place - great atmosphere. Prices are reasonable and service was great.
Delicious chicken portobello mushroom sandwich and a great selection of beers. Even a probiotic beer. Who knew there was such a thing!
I am writing this as I eat the food. I am a lone diner eating outside. I ordered two mango mojitos, delicious as all hell! And strong. Rare that you find that combo. Lol I also ordered the grilled octopus and pan roasted salmon. Both delicious. I love this place and it has been my second time here. My only complaint. The service. My waiter is the nastiest table server I have come across. Stone faced. Never even a smile to me. Though I have seen him smile to others I get none. Dismissive and curt. Never once asked me if I was ok or wanted something else. Nothing. Just nasty. I eat out a lot. I am not a demanding customer and am usually very polite and leave appropriate tips. This time it will be a very menial one. Will I come back, yes. But I will make sure I am not waited on by him
GREAT PLACE !!! The quinoa salad is a MUST. They have a great selection of beers and wine. Wine is 50% off on Mon and Tue. Their burger is one of the best to find in the area.   I like the ambiance and the laid back atmosphere.
I go here often and always find parking unlike other places in Astoria. Love the fact they stay open late and the drinks are well priced. . .
I come here maybe once every two weeks for brunch and I've yet to be disappointed! The first time I was here, my friends and I got an outside table. I ordered the ricotta pancakes, which were deliciously light and fluffy. However, the portion was a little small. The next time I was here, I ordered an omelette and was overwhelmed by how flavorful and light the eggs were. The iced coffee was refreshing and the servers always attentive. The most recent time I was here, I ordered the Cypriot Breakfast and oh my GOD it was amazing! That fried cheese has me about to walk out the door to go back right now. The sausage was like a knockout punch of flavor, the eggs were cooked just enough, and the home fries and olives were the cherry on top. I haven't had the unlimited drinks for brunch, but my friends seem to really enjoy it. I heard very good things about the Bloody Mary.
I decided to stop by and try it for brunch before catching a movie. I hadnt been to cafe bar in years. I noticed the bar has been moved and it still has that eclectic east village circa 2001 vibe inside. I was very pleasantly surprised with the food. I ordered the eggs benedict salad and a side of greek sausage. Now the salad is really poached eggs, english muffin & hollandaise served with an ENORMOUS frisee salad. Very tasty. Eggs were perfectly poached, hollandaise was great. But the salad was overdressed. I will definitely ask for dressing on the side next time. The salad was a bit under seasoned for my taste. And I am not big on salt. The sausage was unbelievable. Everyone who eats here, should try it. Slightly spicy with a bit of tang. I dont think I have ever eaten a more delicious sausage. The service however, sucked. My waitress never once asked me if I needed anything or checked on me. I was forced to flag people down for service. She cleared a drink glass away without even bothering to make eye contact or ask if I wanted another. No bueno. I probably would have given a higher review with 4 stars if not for the shitty service. Will I be back? probably not. There are plenty of other local spots that actually care about customer service to put up with that.
AWESOME! Brunch was absolutely delicious. The unlimited champagne was refilled without even asking. The service was perfect. I will definitely go back even though it takes over an hour to get there from Bensonhurst. It's definitely worth it.
