If you're looking for some unoriginal, sleepy, and dry theatre, don't go to Blogologues. If you're looking to laugh and laugh and laugh some more, RUN to the next performance. It's a pretty simple premise--acting out the internet--executed very well. My colleagues and I went to see Blogologues' "Welcome to the jungle" on Saturday night. The actors are in sync, creative, talented, and committed. The show was one of the funniest, most imaginative pieces of theatre I've ever seen (and I went to theatre school). The audience is completely immersed in a colorful, hilarious, and wildly inappropriate world. Added bonus: audience members receive a goody bag full of really useful and pricey gifts! What show in Manhattan pays for your ticket via gifts?! Seriously, stop reading these reviews and go already. It's $20. Come. On.
"I thought it was great, a laugh riot! Still enjoying it a week later" - @lindseyjoh "Sorry Second City, the Blogologues just bumped you to number three." -everyone in the audience
Blogologues was a great show. I went to the 90s themed edition. The Saved By The Bell sketch was probably the best. A lot of the content didn't seem to be from the 90s, though...particularly the Chuck Norris stuff. But it didn't ruin anything. I highly recommend this experience to anyone at least vaguely familiar with Internet culutre.
SUCH a great time!  We went to their Land Before Timelines show last night and laughed our asses off.  It was everything a comedy show should be-- intelligent, charming, witty, relatable humor that the whole crowd really gets into.  A wonderful atmosphere, friendly folks and an all around FUN time.  We can't wait to go back!! Check them out you, you will not be disappointed!!!
The Blogologues was one of the most entertaining things I have done in NYC to date! The cast is HILARIOUS, and I did not want the show to end. I saw the Land Before Timelines and if you are in your 20's, 30's, 40's or older there is something that will hit home with you and crack you up! The whole concept is pretty genius. If you are looking for something new and fun to do in the city THIS IS IT! Also, the tickets are really affordable and for a night out with drinks and laughs, that is priceless.  I can't wait to this is again!
Several years ago while on the set of a picture starring Dom DeLuise and Dabney Coleman, I received an urgent note from my dear friend Jerry Weintraub saying that Harvey and Bob Weinstein were interested in optioning my yelp review of Citibike to turn into some verkakte comedy sketch.  Naturally, as a serious author and artist, I was resistant to the idea of having my work trivialized and exploited for a cheap laugh, but as a personal favor to Brandon Tartikoff (alav haShalom), I took the meeting.   So I arrived at The Polo Lounge with an open mind ready to make a deal if the money was right.  The negotiations were difficult as they refused my only two conditions:  first, that I retain total creative control, and second that only Charo, Shadow Stevens, Lark Voorhies or any member of the Sons of Lee Marvin could depict me.  In the end, their obstinance and our overall creative differences, led me to pass.   So the project was on hold and almost didn't happen until I got an email from some washed-up Yalie named Alli Goldberg promising to make me a star.  I had never heard of her, but she claimed to be the guy behind the guy to such legends as Delta Burke, Bob De Niro, and Ruth Buzzi.  Her exaggerated hand gestures and chain smoking Pall Mall habit, combined with the enticing scent of Shalimar, made me putty in her hands.  So I said yes...and the rest is comedic history:  youtu.be/7o4sQ7ylL9o
It's well done, but just not my style. I thought it was something out of a high school drama class, and most people that went to the show were probably their  friends. I'd say the cost of the show is about 5-10 dollars, which is about the price after you consider the goody bag they give everyone. A 20 dollar show might give you the impression that the show is better than it really is.
Go!   They are hilarious! We went to celebrate our anniversary. It was fantastic, non stop fun.
This show was beyond fantastic - innovative, crisp and wonderfully disturbing, these guys and gals made me laugh from start to finish. Also the goodie-bag was fantastic. GO. SEE. THIS. SHOW.
Wild wild time!! The internet coming to life as you would expect is full of funny, awkward, cruel, and foul foul things. Blogolouges takes the internet under its wing and turns it into a hilariously good time. You will no doubt be crying from laughter or shock at least once during the show. Its amazing!
Blogologues is hilarious. Period. I saw "New York F#cking City" @ the intimate Under St. Marks theater. The fast-paced 90-minute show features an incredibly energetic cast which performs the best of the internet. Imagine a collection of your favorite Reddit, Craigslist, Twitter and blog posts performed on stage. It's an awkward, gross and laugh-out-loud experience. Highly recommend.
I don't normally write reviews, but that just proves how awesome this show is. It's the perfect way to start off a weekend in NYC! The hour long comedy show is hilarious, fearless, and really fun. I've been to 7 of these so far and each one seems better than the last. One time the guy next to me laughed so hard that his nose started to bleed - no joke. If that's not a ringing endorsement, I don't know what is.
Blogologues is a hilarious send up of some of the odder parts of the Internet. I recently saw their "Greatest Hits" show and the cast does an amazing job of bringing the goofy/creepy/funny/scary things that we forward to our friends to life. I laughed the whole time, but Richard Simmonds doing the "Single Ladies" dance made me cry.
I never give five stars. The talent in this show is amazing and the content is out of control hilarious!!!  I highly recommend checking it out yourself. I still sing the songs in my head and out loud even weeks after. A MUST SEE.
If you enjoy banter and have an insane sense of humor, please head over to the tickets page. I've gone to all of their shows and it never fails me. Always tons of fun and ridiculous energy. Go and take your friends!
Okay. Here's the thing. (I may have volunteered to be their photographer for a moment....but this is not a paid endorsement.) ---- I went to the TechnoGanza show and laughed so hard I forgot how to breathe. This self-conscious, pithy, ridiculous, hilarious, goofy, intelligent, witty, incredibly fun show is not for just ANYone. So, to all you boring, unintelligent people...don't go. You'll just wish you were as cool and smart as everyone else in the room. And I'll still be there sometime next week....as the janitor will literally need to scrape me off of the floor from my pure, melty, joy.
What a fun evening -- the crowd was laughing the whole night! The comedians put together a hilarious show that was relatable at times and completely absurd at other times -- a great combo that kept me and my friends laughing. I love the concept and felt like they had a solid amount of interactivity and great momentum. I especially loved the awesome sex-themed songs that played in between scenes throughout the show. Made me want to dance! Go check it out!
Amazing Saturday night! Such a fun show! The concept of this comedy show is unlike anything I've ever seen. They take their script word for word off the Internet. From tweets, blogs, etc. Then the performers create hilarious and outrageous characters and scenes around the words. I laughed so hard! Fun venue with a bar made the whole night a blast. Something for everyone to enjoy!
Blogologues perform comedy sketches based off some of the weird things you see on the Internet (I pity the soul who has to troll for them), but this troupe is way talented and the show is always original and hilarious.  Well worth going to.
I spend a lot of time in the dark worlds of comedy, theater, and the internet, and let me tell you, this was the best thing I've seen in any of those mediums ever. Forever. Amen. I'm just so happy that Lively Productions forces me to realize that these effed up virtual bodies are actually real live human people that I might sit next to on the R train. And there are so many cats in this world. :( Blogologues (which my computer is underlining in red, but I bet that will change in the near future) brings the internet to life. Did you know that you wanted to see a Taylor Swift fan's blog brought to life? You do. Want to meet the Semen Lady? (Not her real name.) You can. I've heard that the hole in our souls fills up when you have a baby. Well, consider me pregnant. Go see it. The show I saw, "FAME: Show us your tweets," has been extended. There might be a surprise at the end. I don't know. Get on it.
I've seen Blogologues several times and this show is always hilarious. The actors are all unbelievably funny. This has been one of my favorite theater experiences.
Brilliant concept and hilarious show. The performers are all fantastic. And the material is just incredibly funny-- especially for anyone who spends any time on the internet (hello, everyone!). Go! Don't hesitate. I imagine these shows will start selling out quickly and they will need a bigger theater soon. Go now if you're able to get a ticket.
My friend went last weekend and was like "You hafta go! It's hilarious!" Normally, I'm not into all the performance art stuff, not really my thing but, a few of my friends were going and I figured it's only an hour. No biggie. Little did I know that I wouldn't want the hour to end. It was freaking hilarious! It takes a lot to get a laugh out of me and they had me rolling. No. I literally fell out of my chair. I'm now taking friends next weekend because the show was extended for a few more weeks (with good reason!). Not only do I want to see it again, but I want to spread the word!! It was the perfect Friday night. End the week with great laughs!
I've been going to blogologues since they started about 2 years ago.  It seriously gets better and better! Hilarious. Fun. Great night out!!
Attended the "New York F#cking City" event and had a blast. An incredibly talented ensemble that doesn't miss a beat. Smart selection of internet comedy gold brought to life with an abundance of energy and quick wit.
I saw this show recently not knowing what to expect and laughed my butt off!! It was great - totally worth checking out!
Was fortunate enough to see Blogologues: Greatest Hits and it was AMAZING. The cast is incredibly energetic and lively. The content was fantastic, but the way it was performed was sheer brilliance. I encourage EVERYONE to go see this. I took my mom and we could not stop laughing. The only bad was that it ended too soon. I would gladly have sat through a few more hours of this!
This is a great company of actors led by two brilliant ladies. I'm there every time they have a new show. Go see them, you will enjoy the show and be talking about it for days after
Simply fantastic.  If you love comedy, how weird the Internet can be, or both in any way, you need to see this show ASAP!
Such an awesome show! These guys are so creative and genius for bringing the internet to the stage! I fell in love the first time I went and had to drag 5 friends to the #Sexytime show. I mean... SO GREAT! Must SEE!
Hilarity! I saw their #sexytime show, died laughing, came back to life, and then recruited all of my friends to see their Greatest Hits show with me. Such a great time!
I went on Saturday and while the sex toy is a plus, it was the MOST hilarious performance I have seen in years, arguably EVER, and definitely the best $20 spent in months. I highly recommend going!!
Going to see Blogologues for the first time, I had no idea of what to expect other than that the subject matter would involve social media and the internet. From the moment I sat down to the minute it ended I was absolutley floored with laughter and at times full of guilt for laughing at the brilliant portrayal of what exist in the internets.  Bravo!
A darned fine sketch show.  Inteligent and insightful.
I laughed until I cried!! I have been to a few of their shows and they just keep getting funnier. The cast has absolutely no shame, which means anything can happen ;)
I saw several productions of the show "Blogologues" put on by this theater company, and I had the best time! They perform the internet and are hilarious. I highly recommend!
I've now seen 3 Blogologues shows and every one has been fantastic! There is a new theme and content every few months. I've gone with a group of friends each time, and we've all been hysterically laughing at every single ridiculous skit througout the show. The concept of "the internet performed" is so creatively and hilariously executed. Seriously, I don't know how they keep coming up with such awesome content! Definitely check this show out!
I was extremely impressed with the blogologues show. The actors were extremely hilarious and the entire premise of the show was highly entertaining...the free sex toys were an added bonus!!! It was a unique way to spend my friday night and im really glad my friend told me about it! i would love to know how the actors kept straight faced during the show...i could never pull it off!
Pretty darn good! The internet will never be the same for me that's for sure.
I can't say enough about the quality of entertainment Blogologues provides. The content is so funny and still so relevant to everyone's life, no matter how great your level of Internet use, that it deserves to win awards! The jokes are hiliarious and witty, the acting is first rate! One girl played 3 different characters each with a different accent (English, German, and American Southern) and you'd swear she was native to each land. I recommend you go and see this one, and every one they do from now on. I certainly will!
You remember that moment something incredible happened on stage/at a baseball game/at the NASCAR track, and everyone lost their freaking minds and all was awesome and right with the world for a few precious seconds before reality came barging back into the moment to get on with the rest of the anti-climactic performance/game/driving-in-circles-extravaganza? You know how that moment probably shaped your fandom of that particular genre or sport? How you've spent the last lifetime or so trying to chase that dragon and remind yourself why you love watching things like this? Blogologues is that moment for me, except it goes on through the whole show. You pretty much don't get a chance to stop laughing, smiling, BEAMING at the clever writing and staging while humor is almost literally funneled into your laugh-gland (ew, right?). It's like a beer-bong of joy (as if beer bongs weren't already joyous) that makes you care as much as it amuses. That's hard to achieve, especially with a comedy show and ESPECIALLY with staging something out of a different medium. Lively Productions has reinvented the wheel by performing the internet, and with their latest show, they've thrown some sweet-ass rims on that puppy. See the next one, if you love yourself.
Everything was great!!  The ticket staff were incredibly accommodating even though the show was sold out, they made a real effort to get my guest and me in, and we were so glad they did!  The cast is tremendously energetic and absolutely hysterical.  Brilliant original takes on stuff you see on the net by a cast that loves what they do.   A fantastic experience not to be missed!
Phenomenally great show. Different every time, and always up to date with everything going on in the world. Amazingly fun. Highly recommend.
I've seen many installments of their "Blogologues" series, and they were all hilarious!  Who knew internet content and the stage played together so nicely? Also, I love their resident playwright.  Though, seriously, he needs to get off his butt and write something.
This show is incredibly clever and funny. There are two great aspects of it. First the curating. The selection of the stories, tweets and blogs is just brilliant. Then, the performance is fast paced and hilarious. Loved the show!
Blogologues "performs the Internet." You have to see a show to understand this statement, and once you have you'll be addicted like I am and cry with laughter through each witty, naughty and refreshingly original performance.  I wish I was this funny. Thank God I'm so good looking.
This group is the next big thing in comedy for New York City. I have seen a few of their shows since I moved to the city and each has been outstanding with gut busting hilarity. They are a great idea for a first date, night out, or when you're in need of some good ole fashion knee slapping comedy. The whole cast is terrific with some incredibly strong female comedians. Blogologues gets an easy 5 stars!
Blogologues is a great way to spend time in NYC - it's brief, conveniently located, and hilarious.  I'm also tickled by the cleverness of the concept - take the ridiculousness on the internet and make it live entertainment, smartly conceived, with great performers.  I would honestly recommend it to anyone.
This show is HILARIOUS!  I've seen 7 of them and they were all amazing.  You will laugh your face off.
Run don't walk!  I have only seen two of these wonderful productions, and am very sorry I could not get to the other ones.  Blogologues should be a well known entity - like Blue Man Group.  The performers are so funny and professional, and you can tell they are having a good time.   I had a really great time too.  Treat yourself to this show
This comedy troupe does a highly sophisticated, nuanced and polished show of sketches that are side-splitting.  It's so great to go to a show and laugh from beginning to end.  They take a really fresh look at modern life and, in this latest show, New York City, the results are hilarious.  (I've been following them for almost wo years and I will make sure I never miss any shows in the future. )    Tip: Keep an eye out for when tickets go on sale and buy quickly.  It seems that this group is rapidly outgrowing whatever theatre they rent  and there just isn't enough room for everyone who wants to see them. At every show, there's been a wait list line, although most of them do seem to get in at the last minute before the show starts.Good luck!
I saw #Sexytime on its closing night. It was hilarious.  I'm very lucky that I got to see it. The content was very relevant, and moreso, relatable. Their intepretation was spot-on and creative. The cast was also very friendly.  The venue was a small, intimate theatre, which made the show even better.  I personally love how small productions do more with less.  I'm very much looking forward to their next show.
I laughed so hard I almost didn't have time to drink my complimentary beer!! Fantastic way to spend an hour.  The show is high energy, in a great space in the EV.  Especially recommended as a way to kick-start your Friday night.
I saw Blogologues: Younger Than Sprintime and I laughed my face off (as Justin Timberlake would say)! Also, they give out free beers with each ticket, so that was awesome. Basically, a super fun night out and I would reccomend this to anyone (and everyone!).
This guys will kick your funny bone into high gear.  I laughed until the tears rolled down my face.  Go.....you won't be disappointed.  Oh, and did I mention the free beer and wine?
This is a fall-off-your-seat-laughing show---the funniest in NYC!  Creative, quick, edgy. GO!
makes for a fun night out!  get ready to laugh your a$$ off!!!
