My friends and I came to watch this with an open mind. And after being shown our seats, my mind was like "uh-oh". We just got seated in the first row and the first 5 seats!!! After seeing some pics and reading a bit of reviews, I had the feeling one of us will be picked to go upstage and embarrass ourselves. Well, 3 out of 5 of us got picked. Thank goodness I didn't! But anyway, my friends had a great time and we laughed so loud. I think I had a minor stomachache from the laughing. I won't get into details. I would say the show is catered more for Woman/Gay Men, but I'm neither and I still had a great time. Just come with an open mind and enjoy the show. Do not be shy or embarrassed.
Absolutly hilarious! The cast was great and you are entertained throughout the whole show. I give 4 stars because i didnt learn anything out the ordinary. Tips are for amatures. Yet fantastic show. Take your shy GFs
We came here Friday night for the 20at20. We had an awesome time. Both funny/quirky and informative this "how to" guide for women definitely takes advantage of breaking the 4th wall with its audience of screaming heterosexual women and prerequiste fabulous gays. Funny and entertaining even for the straight men in the room who will most likely be silently agreeing with the majority of the "tips" covering during this evening interlude. Don't be Tardy: If you are late you must wait until the actors change their scenes for you to get seated. By the way "the scientist" is awesome and really shows his knowledge of all things having to do with heavenly bodies.
I had an amazing time and highly encourage all with an open mind who wants a good laugh to see this show.  The theatre is small and is a totally no frills type of place, therefore don't expect much from the bar either ( it is stocked with your typical cheap red and white wines, champagne,  assorted can beers and soft drinks). we took a friend her for her birthday and we could not stop laughing from beginning to end.  The cast got the audience members involved in various parts of the script and you really wonder if they were really part of the audience or were they part of the crew (they were that good)!  I laughed until I cried.  We loved every minute of it and didn't even know an hour had past.  Go see it, knee-slapping, belly aching funny!
Spent last Saturday night at this show for my best friends Bachelorette Party.  She enjoyed it so much and that was the goal of the night.  It was funny and the audience interaction makes it that much better.  I have planned plenty of bachelrette parties and this was by far the best time I have had.  It was truly phenomenal but furthermore, Matt who helped reserve all the tickets for us.  He was super fantastic and when he left for the weekend still managed to stay in touch via e-mail.  I highly recommend this show for couples, girls night, bachelorettes etc.  Be prepared to laugh the entire show!  Enjoy and thanks again Matt!
Be open minded - watched this fantastic fun show last night.  I hardly stopped laughing, & my friend too.  Take your friends, now, and enjoy a fun-filled hour.
Came here last min with three of my friends. We did the 20 at 20 deal. 20 dollars before 20 mins start of the show. Its about a little over an hr. Small theatre. You have to walk about four floors up. Great show for a girls night if you're openminded. Guys were there too. Interactive show as they ask you to do things in your seats. Nothing too crazy. They also get people from the audience. Stefan played by Michael caught everyone's attention. Once he came out, all my friends didn't look elsewhere. But all the three characters were great. Laughed throughout the show!
My Man of Honor took me here for my bachelorette party and it was AMAZING. The cast was hilarious, especially Grant MacDermott as Dan Anderson. The audience participation was done so fluidly with the plot that you almost forget you're seeing a show and feel like you're in the most fun book discussion that ever existed (Oprah be damned). Where else are you going to see such a fantastic mix of comedy,  love story, and helpful sex tips? NOWHERE. Don't bother going anywhere else. Don't be basic, go see this show. You won't regret it. This was the most perfect bachelorette outing one could ever have. Gay, straight, or confused: this is the show to see. I'll be back.
Such a fun time! Grant MacDermott who played "Dan Anderson" was amazing! It's an interactive show (be warned!). Laughed so hard! Also, walked away learning something new :) Great for bachelorette parties or a girls night out.
My friend and I had such a fun time at STSWGM, hope I got that right.   It is about 5 floors up from the street in a very-off-broadway-esque theater, which is very small.   Had a blast, laughed a lot.  You have to go in with an open mind and absolutely no qualms about learning certain "techniques" and demonstrating them with rolled up Playbill programs.  The volunteers were brilliant and just went with the flow.  The crowd was fun and lively.   Smiles all around.   When the show started I was worried it would be a bit kitschy or too campy, but it turned out to be just plain fun.  I liked how they didn't prolong it, it was 70 mins or so, but just perfect.   The cast was fun and talented, really thought they made it especially great.  And the closing music performance was so obscure and hilarious, we were dying, and of course in awe by the beautiful eye candy. A very fun night.  So glad we went.
This show is hysterical!   My friend and I were cry-laughing for a good portion of the performance and were thoroughly entertained by each of the character's antics.  The performance went from informative to philosophical to ridiculous, full-circle.   Kudos to the "volunteers".  Jason Michael Snow is so dynamic and engaging.  He's really good at improv! The venue itself is on the second floor next to the giant NY Sightseeing Tour shop.  You have the option of walking up the stairs (which look daunting but if you're wearing comfortable shoes, it's not too bad) or the elevator.  It's a small theater so every seat's a good seat.
Great experience for my 1st off broadway show! Extremely hilarious! This is a must see show for a good laugh. The cast did an excellent job preforming. My friends and I had such a great time!
Ahhh this show was absolutely HILARIOUS! I literally had no idea what I was getting myself into prior to seeing the show but I'm really glad that I went. My roommate and I went to a Monday Night showing (after a few drinks next door, of course), and I will say, the actual entrance to the play itself is a little hard to find. It's between two businesses, through a entry way. You can either opt for the elevator or the stairs, so we took the stairs. It says it's on the second floor, but it's actually on like the fourth. Burning calories for more drinks, right? Luckily, they have funny signs on the way up. So we get upstairs, finally, and see that they have more drinks there! Hurray! The bartender told us a great tip, that if we check in on facebook, we get one free drink. I'll do anything for a free drink, so of course we both did it. Champagne in a can? Hells yessss. Upon entering the theater, I was pretty surprised how small it was. It'd say 50 seats tops, but sometimes it's better to have a more intimate experience. Our seats were about half-way between the front row and the back and the seats next to us were empty the entire time. It wasn't full by the time it started, but it was also a Monday night. The play itself was great. It was incredibly funny and smart, and my roommate and I basically laughed our asses off the entire time. It was a bit raunchy at times (in a good way), and a bit sexy and definitely felt like time flew by. It helped that the "sexy assistant" in the play was incredibly good looking WITH a great body lol. All funniness aside, I did actually learn a tip or two! I'd definitely recommend this play. It's a fun girls night out for sure. Beware if you sit in the first few rows...you might be chosen to go up on stage!!
I went to this show with a girl friend of mine and had a really good time. As one of only a couple of guys in the audience I found it entertaining and cute. The groups upon groups of girls having a ladies' night were having a blast.
This show is funny as all hell.
My friend and I attended on Friday the 24th. I will be honest  we came a few minutes late and  we did not think it was 80 min. It was right at 60ish. Which put a damper on the show. We were shocked how abruptly the show ended. You put so much effort into other chapters and made it fun, interesting and creative.  We think you should dig deeper into Chapter 6. Otherwise, great jokes, kept us l laughing and loved the interactions. Plus Stefano is hot.oh and maybe for $45+ a ticket... Make it allowed to BYOB as an option. Just a thought. Actors/ Actress were easy to relate to great performance. Also  little FYI for those buying a tix, its is a relatively small room you can see the stage from every seat so don't worry. The A/C blast toward the left side of the room.
Absolutely Funny and Entertaining.   Kudos to the cast and to the audience participants - what improv skills!   I couldn't stop chuckling for hours afterwards.  Cleverly interactive.   Just go see it for yourself!
A great fast paced audience participation riot with a great cast and polished production.
Great fun. Dan is absolutely hilarious. Wish the show was longer. Hubby and I both laughed and we loved the audience participation.
I took my girlfriend for a Girls Nite Out the show was excellent. I would recommend the show to everybody. I really laughed.
I went to see this show for girls night out! great ensemble cast; each of the characters were entertaining and charismatic. They interact with the audience so if you're sitting in the front seats, you may be the chosen lucky ones ;)
Had such a great time!  Really funny play and always like that when the audience is participating it's making you part of the experience. Highly recommend for anyone looking for more fun in their night out at the theater.
Seriously funny!  This show is much more than I expected.  As witty as it is funny and in very good taste.  The night I went the audience consisted of almost all women 50+ years old, with a few gays thrown in for good measure.  I would recommend this show to strait couples - and strait men for that matter!  They build an atmosphere of audience participation without making anyone uncomfortable.  The witty one-liners come so fast you find yourself stifling laughs so you don't miss the next line!  But it's a hopeless battle and you're laughing out loud at the silliness and hooting at the sexiness on stage.  The story around which the heavily improvised dialog turns, is very plausible and stands on its own.  You could actually take the premise and make a more sober play out of it.  But why when you have such amazing talent and sense of fun to share!  Go to this show.  You'll be glad you did.
Hilarious! Went to see this show with my fiancée and a couple of friends and we were all hysterical laughing the entire time. The cast here is truly amazing, the show is interactive so if your sitting in the wet zone you will most likely be picked. However, don't be shy to go up on stage, your part will be really simple! A must see!!!!!
This show was incredibly fun! It was really funny and entertaining. There is a lot of audience involvement. It's a great date idea. Lots of laughs!
This was an absolutely hysterical show! I loved the audience involvement and how utterly funny it was. Definitely a joy to see and truly entertaining for everyone. Go see it, I was rolling in the aisles!
The people that ran the show were rude. We walked in at 8:00 and it started at 8. They let some of our party go to their seats and the rest had to stand in the hallway until what they call a 'break.' There are no breaks in the show so it was really just annoying. We were there for a bachelorette party and were having a good time and the woman that worked there kept coming down and telling us to be quiet. Don't try to have fun cause you might get yelled at..even though there is audience participation in the show. Go see Naked Boys Singing. You will laugh and no one will yell at you.
This show was so much fun! I went with my friends and we had a blast!
This was such a funny play....went with some gay and straight friends and we all had a great time.  It is very well written and the three actors are amazing.  The lead, "Dan" was very quick on his toes.....I read he was in The Book of Mormon.  He's gonna be a star.  Don't miss this entertaining play.
I saw the show two weeks ago while it was still in previews and it was totally fun. The actors are incredibly charming and you like them instantly; you really want the girl to get the guy, and boy does she ever! The set design was very clever and the theater is just the right size for the show. The theater from the street looks little tatty, but once upstairs it is cozy and festive, with a little bar and sofas in the waiting area and posters on the wall of book covers from editions of the Sex Tips book from  around the world.  Great for a group of friends to go to together and perfect for gay guy/straight gal best friends.
Hilarious!  Had such a blast with my girlfriends. Such a fun show!
I attended this off-broadway show with 8 other girlfriends.. What a funny show!  I highly recommend this show for those that want to get out for a girls' night, bachelorette party, a date night with your partner (not a first date, unless you really want to break the ice), haha, or a post break-up night out!  Dan Andersen will keep you laughing all night... "I am scientist."! :)
This show was hilarious!! It is the perfect show for a Girls Night Out! If you want a good laugh (or hundreds of them)? See this show!
Absolutely loved it.  My girlfriends and I cried laughing the whole time.  The cast is amazing.  Highly recommend it! MUST SEE!!!!
It is a very funny interactive play.  Only problem is that you can find the photos after.  But none the less it is worth going to see...
Loved this show!! My friend and I were looking for a good time and ended up having so much fun!! Jason is a star as Dan, and Lindsay as the straight woman is hilarious! The straight man was yummy!! Definitely going back for a girls/gays night out!! ;)
HILARIOUS. Jason Snow is adorable and Lindsay Chambers is a goddess at comedy. I saw her in Lysistrata Jones and Triassic Parq and Lindsay never ceases to amaze me. The set is very innventive for the space theyre in. Having read the book previously, I thought it honored the content well and translated theatrically well. This is good for a first date kind of night.
