I really like this place despite several drawbacks. Pros: Price is really decent; very clean, warm and comfortable. Cons: The staff is very fake nice, transparently so; they will change the person you see without telling you until you get there; never on time for appointments; not really sure if your artist wants you to come back to them. I've gone to Rumors twice now for my nails.  The first time I made an appointment for a manicure before leaving town for the weekend, I was on a pretty strict schedule and was trying to squeeze this in.  The technician was 30 minutes late for my appointment, while I was 15 minutes early.  When she finally came out I told her I didn't know if I had time to do this now.  She offered to just do a polish change and offered me a free manicure at a later date.  Totally saved my experience from being terrible with this.  She did a quick shaping and cuticle trim, put on my french tips and I was out of there in 30 minutes, barely made it to where I needed to be but it was a nice save. I made an appointment with the same girl for my free manicure only to arrive and find out she was not there and they scheduled me with someone else.  No one called me to see if this was ok, nor did they really seem to care that I was not happy about this.  This girl was just as good but I felt like the "polish change" was more in depth than the actual manicure this time.  No hot towel, that's my favorite part!  This girl also did not want to do what I asked her, she wanted to use a pink undertone instead of clear.  I let her and I even liked it until she went over the white with it, now I have pink nail tips... I will probably continue to come here because it is right around the corner from my job, the prices are still really good regardless of the shortcomings in other areas and I really do like the salon.  I will proabbly not make an appointment with anyone in particular next time as I haven't found a nail tech I love yet.  I am considering trying other services as well like the massages, I'm just afraid of a horrible experience based on what I've already seen.
So I've only gotten my hair cut here once, I just don't think I'm cool enough to get my hair done here. This place has a high school "Mean Girls" kind of vibe. Every girl in the salon was rocking big hair and boots the day I got my haircut. A new hairstylist cut my hair for like $30, which is a fraction of what I used to pay before I moved. I got what I paid for, but I just wasn't feeling this place. It was a little snobbish for me. That being said, my husband gets his hair cut at the men's side and swears by this place. He loves that he can get his haircut by the same woman each time. Maybe I should be worried but he looks so sexy afterwards that I'm willing to risk it!
I can't believe their overall rating is 3 stars. The Salon used to be wroth something before the upgrade in 2012. Lisa and Marri are trying to be something they're not. They don't have the customer service to match their price and as of recently, they don't have the skills to match their pricing. When I'm reading reviews, I realize you can't please everyone all of the time, there will always be something negative some where. But I urge you to pay attention to the details of the reviews. Most of the people saying it was a good experience were one timers, fluke experience. While others with negative reviews have tons of experience at this salon so TRUST it when you are URGED to go somewhere else. At least for your hair.
Called and asked if I could get a same day appointment and they said yes, which is great, but I asked if the available stylist had experience cutting short hair and they said yes to that too, which wasn't true. Met the stylist in person and she personally told me she had experience cutting short hair (I have a short, angled bob) and she said yes again, then proceeded to prove she didn't. Too long in the back, too choppy, no finesse or skill really at all. Probably could've given myself this cut. Will not be back.
Major kudos to Kolby.  I refuse to get my hair done in NYC and make a point of stopping by Rumors whenever I'm visiting family in the area.  A few points: 1.) I love the new building - the spa-like atmosphere is great and I love how clean everything is. 2.) The prices are great.  Wash, cut and style for $25.  Seriously?  You could always chose a stylist at a higher level, but I'm very impressed by mine, which leads into my 3rd point: 3.) Kolby is great.  I have an angled bob that needs attention often.  She is the only stylist I've seen who can give me exactly what I ask for.  She fully listens and asks questions as we go.  You can feel the energy and effort she puts into each cut.  I really appreciate that.  Plus, she's super easy to talk to which makes the time fly by. I'll continue to go here as long as I have family in the area.  I much prefer the environment at Rumors to the pretentious, artsy salons in the city.
I just recently moved to the Northeast from the Northwest, and we all know how stressful it is trying to find a new stylist. As soon as I walked into Rumors, I was treated like royalty by the staff. To top off the wonderful general experience, Kolby (my stylist) made sure to communicate with me about what I wanted and made sure to give me great suggestions about what would work best. I'm in love with the cut and color she did on my hair. Needless to say, I will not be going anywhere else, or going to see anyone else. I'm so glad to have found Kolby, and on my very first try.
I'm officially throwing in the towel on this place. I've been a loyal customer of Rumors since relocating to NY 3 years ago. I liked the hairstyling and waxing services, and was ecstatic when they offered threading. However, service has deteriorated over the last few months. Even though the only associate who knew how to thread had left Rumors, I decided to go back to waxing as long as it was done by one of the other associates I liked. THREE TIMES I had been stood up after I set up appointments ahead of time. One of those times I let the front desk talk me into getting waxed by a different person. That person rushed the waxing and I ended up with very uneven eyebrows! It took me a month to grow back my natural arch shape. The last time I specifically requested for the person I wanted and was told she could come in the next morning. When I arrived the next day, I was told the associate couldn't make it, but why not try the person who was on the floor? 1) Why didn't front desk call me to let me know the associate couldn't make it so I can cancel or reschedule? I wasted gas and 30 minutes of my time for this appointment!  And 2)  no I didn't want the person who botched up my eyebrows again!  Unbelievable! I gave 3 chances and each time I've been sorely treated and disappointed. If that's how Rumors treat loyal customers, forget it. I'm taking my business and patronage elsewhere.
I went to Rumors for a number of years.  I am so happy I have broken this habit.  Many of the stylists are in fact very talented, in fact I was very happy with the one I had gone to for a number of years, but the feeling in here is just unwelcoming and uncomfortable.   You feel like you are being rushed at all times in this place.  The front desk people seem bothered at all times and like they have too much work and people to tend to.  It is not welcoming and friendly in the least.  It is also super crowded you feel like you're on top of everyone.   I really have a problem with the operation.  This was a typical visit-get rushed in, get washed by some random girl (never my stylist) then sit in the seat and get rushed through the cut and then blown dry by another random girl.  It is a rush all the way through.  The stylist is with you for however long it takes for your hair to be cut (and it isn't long).  Sometimes they even book multiple people at the same time for the same stylist leaving you waiting and annoyed.   It is a little on the expensive side as well, and I don't really think worth the extra you pay since it is so rushed and uncomfortable.  I would not suggest Rumors to anyone who is looking for a relaxing hair salon.   Also, I had the eyelash extensions put on here and after about three days they looked downright awful and my real lashes were coming out with the fake lashes.  I called up literally crying because of this and they said there was nothing I could do.  I ended up losing tons of lashes and was beside myself for weeks while they grew back in.  Totally unhelpful.  I knew a few other girls who had this same problem--so I would in no way suggest the eyelash extensions.   Overall--skip it.  Yes there is talent here but go somewhere where you feel relaxed and pampered, and not like cattle.
I got a great cut here with Angela, who was nice, helpful, and took her time before "chop chopping" my hair to do a full consult so she understood exactly what I did NOT want my hair to look like. My favorite part of my experience (aside from the outstanding shampoo job) was feeling comfortable enough to admit that I didn't know how to properly style my hair with a curling iron.  Angela whipped out her curling iron and explained step-by-step several different ways to get the look I wanted.  She also explained why I had run into frustrations when trying it on my own before, and that alone was worth the price of the haircut. Between my hair - which looks exactly the way I hoped it would - and my mom getting her own wonderful hair makeover, I'm excited to go back in the future.
My former company had a trade deal with Rumors so I enjoyed a few years of free haircuts.  I only paid for one ever, after I left the company right before I moved to Boston.  The vibe of this place is that it is pricey (and it can be) but for a standard haircut with many of the stylists the pricing really is not bad at all.  At first I saw a girl (Jen??) who ended up getting pregnant so I then got switched after two cuts to a new stylist, Ruthie. It was the greatest thing to ever happen to my hair.  It was so great, I would tip the cost of the haircut. Although she still runs late taking appointments, she takes so much time caring for your hair and your happiness, whether it is the first cut or the last.  She always checks to make sure she is doing things correctly and always does a consultation with you regarding any changes you want to make BEFORE she starts cutting.  She makes your hair fun and fabulous, per your specifications.   What is also great about Rumors is that they have extended hours from Tuesdays-Thursdays with the last appointment on those days being 11:00 pm (yes, at night).  Although I never went in THAT late, I definitely took advantage of coming in after 8:00 pm and appreciated it because of my extremely hectic work schedule.  Ruthie was one of the stylists who took on the later shift, too.   Lastly, in my brief ode to Ruthie and Rumors, she has several clients including myself who have an impulse control disorder that affects one's hair (trichotillomania).  Never did she make me feel uncomfortable about it or try to tell me how to "fix" the problem (it's a hard disorder to understand).  Instead, she encouraged me to destress myself and showed me ways to style my hair around problem areas.  For years haircuts were nervewracking experiences that happened maybe once a year.  I saw Ruthie once a month religiously. Overall, don't be discouraged by prices or the upscale vibe of the place.  It is wonderful and you will be treated well.  It is not worth trying to save a few dollars for a cut or style that will simply never be as good.
Shabby space and stinky provider. Skip it. I got my brows waxed at Rumor's this morning and won't be back. The space is old and worn. Plus the chair you sit in has paper on it like the gyno office (ick). There are water stains on the ceiling. Just really needs an update. My provider smelled like smoke SO BADLY! She certainly tried to cover it up with cosmetics, but it was icky. Stay away.
I've been going here for probably six or seven years.  At first I hopped around a bit from stylist to stylist, which led to mixed results.  But for the past four years or so I've been seeing Sarah, and I'm so ecstatic with her work that I don't allow anyone else to touch my hair, not even for a trim.  I have very long layered blonde hair that I get highlighted biannually, and Sarah knows exactly what I want when I come in.  I've had stylists before who try to pressure me to change my style to some short, spiky, drastic cut that couldn't interest me less--but not Sarah!  I get an insane amount of compliments on my hair, and I always refer everyone to Sarah. Rumors also offers a really great selection of products.  Usually I'm pretty wary of buying products from a salon (I think a lot of salons just carry a standard assortment of brands that have a lot of name recognition but don't really have outstanding results), but I have purchased some of the Surface and Oribe products here and been absolutely blown away with the difference they made.  I don't use sulfates or parabens in my hair, and as strange as it sounds, I think Rumors really supports me in that decision.  I've been to salons before that are very dismissive of my views on these ingredients, but Rumors has never done this.   I also was here just this past week and had acrylic nails applied by Annie.  I was very happy with the result and plan on returning here regularly for fills. Really, I can't recommend this salon enough.  It's one of the highest quality salons in the area, and I've been to competitors--like Jean Paul in Stuyvesant Plaza--and they can't hold a candle to this place.
Since I pass for 15 on a good day, and I now have a Big Girl Job, I thought it was time to work on my appearance. I've been here to get a facial, a massage and my hair cut and colored. I've been delighted with all the staff that i've interacted with - they take the time to listen to your concerns and what you're looking for. I'm a total pizza face for various reasons, and the esthetician was happy to walk me through my various face problems and how she was going to treat them. She did try to sell me a load of stuff, but it wasn't a hard sell and I did end up buying a few things. I came out with my skin looking refreshed and happy. My massage was great. I like to lift heavy and was having some residual back soreness and she worked it right out.  Their massage rooms play some cheesy panflute music but I was too spaced from the pleasure of the massage to care. Kayleigh did my hair. This was the first time I've ever had highlights done and I was nervous. I told her what I wanted and she guided me to something that wouldn't make me look like bozo. The hair cut, dye and foils  came out great and she offered to have me come back for a complimentary blow dry and style to see other ways I can style my hair. I was very happy with my service and I will definitely return.
Now if you go and are willing to pay for John... He's absolutely AMAZING! He's a kind of pricey but I wouldn't trust anyone with my hair there but him. I had my hair done for a formal once and I had this one girl I didn't know do it. I looked like Charlie Chaplin! Did they give me the receptionist to do it. I was so appalled that I didn't know what to say and just paid the girl and walked out! I didn't know what to say and the more the girl tried to FIX the hair cut... the WORSE IT GOT! So if you go I would not go with a $35 hair stylist. I lucked out when John was at that rate but I think its because he's "fabulous". However, the last I knew he was over $100 for a hair cut now. I would only trust my hair with John there!
5 stars for the beautiful spa at the back and the massage therapist Gwynn who took good care of me. I can't say I can give the same amount of stars to the factory like salon and the ladies who serve the front desk!
I started going to Rumors a year ago November after a Women at Work event... I decided to go all out and get full color and highlights.. When calling I made the front desk aware I was a professional color virgin.. They were super accommodating.. Got me in that after noon with Rich.. I have to say he was wonderful and very skilled... Problem was pricing was never discussed... $230 later!!! And that didn't include a cut... Needless to say I was floored... They didn't bat an eye when I needed to use my card along with the $140 cash I had.. I emailed both owners asking why pricing was not in their dialog.. I NEVER heard a word from either...I came back only because I had a free haircut voucher from the event.. Loved Jordan!!!! She cut my hair for over a year... Then she went out on maternity leave.. It went down hill from there.. Another girl cut my hair and all but ruined it with a razor. I called in tears.. They promised to fix it.. Well fixing was not happening.. It was crazy short in spots it just needed to grow out... Finally got a letter saying my girl was back!!!! Phew... Right?!?  Came in on a 1\2 price color event..  My bill was again more than I had expected. It came up to over $80 after a $40 gift card was applied!! $120 @a1\2 price event????  When I called it was explained.. My girl had received a raise somewhere between my last service with her and her returning to work.. Her cuts went from $25 to $40!!!!  Wow... This could have been made part of the letter I received... Not the best way to treat returning customers!!  I won't ever be back or recommend Rumors!!!
I want to like Rumors, I am trying very hard. I will state my husband goes to the men's salon and loves it. Unfortunately on my first visit I had a negative experience. I felt my Stylist was rushed and not attentive, and when I washed my hair and attempted to style it myself I realized several pieces were longer than the rest of the haircut and I basically had a piece of hair that she had cut by mistake that was longer than my bangs and shorter than the rest of my haircut. I was furious and I called and was able to redo my hair, though I had to pay the difference as I was seeing a more advanced stylist. My new stylist had to call over two advanced stylists to consult on how to fix it and the consensus was I have to grow it out. This was before a big wedding and my first haircut after having a baby so I was probably super emo about it, but still. I like my new stylist, but I'm on my second haircut from her and we are still fixing what happened the first time. The atmosphere, price, and overall customer service is great. I would just caution new clients to read reviews and go with a recommended stylist, or request an appointment with a more advanced stylist.
Lisa Norgrove brings top-notch international skill and quality to Albany. She may be on the pricier side for the capital region market, but her talent and attention to detail makes it worth every last penny. Go in, let her make all of the decisions, you won't be disappointed.
This is NO NO - please don't waste your money. I gave this place 5 tries in 8 years and every time was NO-NO  - no more chances. Going to NYC.
Yes, pricey, but if you're looking for great color and cut, it's worth the extra dough if you're able to spend it. Richie was amazing, spending almost 3 hours with me! He was talkative, interested, and most of all, dedicated to making sure that I walked out of Rumors with a nicely styled 'do. My hair is very thick, but he didn't rush through the highlights - the results were beautiful. He spent longer than I expected blow drying and styling my hair, offering tips the whole time. I felt very welcomed and appreciated, and will be going back.
One of my girlfriends and I had pedicures here after work one day. We were completely underdressed but the staff treated us the way we would love to be treated at any business we walk into as a customer. We had to wait a few minutes in the lobby but they apologized several times. We didn't mind; it is a NICE place to sit and wait. Big screen TV, comfy chairs and tables. They took our coats, offered us something to drink and led us to a comfy spot in the back of the salon where they have two big pedi massage chairs. Both of our technitions were attentive and skilled. We both enjoyed our pretty, pretty toes. I liked the color nail polish I chose so much that I asked to purchase a bottle. They were out of any new bottles but offered to special order it for me before I had to ask. It is EXPENSIVE. They cater to high end clients. Even the staff was dressed to kill.  But, if you walk in looking like a frump fest they will still give you great service! BTW...you tip your technition at the register. They have envelopes. Fancy, schmancy.
I went to Rumors after my last botched haircut at a bargain haircutters.  Rumors did a great job on my hair, and the staff was friendly to me and apologetic they were running behind.  It was extremely busy the whole time I was there, and my stylist was also trying to prep for her next appointment.  When there turned out to be technical difficulties for the next person, my stylist was not too happy and spoke rudely to a coworker. Overall, though I am satisfied with my haircut, it was very expensive, and busy.
I got a pedicure here it was alright. Front desk is rude, and all the stylists seemed very up tight. Nobody knew we even had an appointment. Won't go again very un- welcoming.
A couple weeks ago I set up a hair appointment with Rumors for a cut and color. My bill added up to $180 and I was happy enough with the high light and low light job that my stylist Dale gave me. $40 of my overall expense went to these four small (1/4 inch wide) colorful extensions I had put in my hair. I was told by my stylist that my color and extensions would last a long time ( hers stayed in for 6 months!). I would have chosen actual permanent colors for my hair but I was convinced that the brightly colored extensions would last longer and curl like my normal hair. This wasn't true at all. The extensions hardly curled even in the salon and they fell out later that day (I didn't even wash my hair). I immediately called Rumors asking for a store credit or refund of my $40. A manager got on the phone and told me she would look into the matter and call me back. Three hours passed with out a call so I walked into the salon myself with cheap extensions in hand. I waited 30 minutes for someone to sit down and talk with me about it. I was a little upset but felt that a store credit would have solved everything after the blatant misrepresentation of their product. I was told that no store credit would be given because the extensions aren't guaranteed once you leave the salon. I also found out that they push the extensions to customers who want a little spice in their style because they don't even carry permanent brights. Of course I was never told any of this and I thought that their response was completely inappropriate. I still haven't heard a word from the owners of the store after trying to contact them twice. This place will never see a dime from me again.
Thanks to Susan and Brooke for coming through for me when I needed them most. The customer service here is terrific and the ambiance is similar to a NYC salon and so are their prices. Not bad for an upscale salon in the Capital District. Look forward to my next visit.
I had my hair cut at Rumors a few times when I first moved to this area; it seemed to have a great reputation.  Compared to higher-end salons just outside NYC, the price was average ($70).  My first cut was pretty good; subsequent cuts were average at best.  What troubled me about the salon is that despite the attention paid to the atmosphere and decor in the reception area, the shampoo and styling areas seemed run-down and fairly crowded.  It may seem petty, but when I reclined in the chair to have a shampoo, the ugly water stains on the dropped ceiling tiles bothered me.  I had never seen anything like that in a salon before.  And it was let go, month after month.  It sent a message that wasn't reassuring.  The crowding was also uncomfortable.  The last day that I had a cut, the stylist was clearly tired and distracted, concerned about a family event that she needed to make preparations for in the afternoon.  I felt that all in all, the environment and service were overpriced and over-hyped.
