Yeah, there are lots of questionable characters partaking in questionable activities. Yes, getting in and out of Lewiston can be a pain as the city isn't designed for an influx of thousands of people. Parking in the official lot is pricey, so feel free to utilize the side streets. In fact, you may just get out of the venue faster. We parked near the Tops right at the beginning of the exit of the highway and did the 15-20minute hike to Artpark. We were able to get out of Lewiston really quickly despite our walk back. The venue itself: really nice acoustics. Beer is $6-8 at the shows (typical at concerts). Food is expensive. There is lots of space. It can be really crowded and uncomfortable, but if you're friendly-aggressive enough you can come to the show late and get up near the front with a really nice seat. Don't bother with the lawn seats. You won't see too much. Also, I suggest not bringing your kids unless you're cool with them inhaling a ton of second-hand weed smoke and being in a pretty unsafe environment (especially near the front). Is anyone surprised at this though? It's really cool how during the summer the venue turns into a mini-music festival once a week. There are certainly problems with parking and getting in and out of the venue, but ultimately this is a really cool open-air venue. Don't neglect seeing a band you like here because of some the other reviews; just know what you're getting into.
Went up to Lewiston for the peach festival yesterday. While there decided to stop at Art Park since I had never been there. While they were getting ready for the Lorde concert it will still open to walk around and check out. Outside of the concert venue, it is a state park with some decent trails to check out. The kids liked walking through them seeing some of the art and such around them. Reminded me a bit of a smaller Griffis Sculpture park actually. Maybe not a destination within itself but worth checking out if you are in Lewiston.
Love the Summer Tuesday Concert Series!
Sublime was awesome VIP section best seats
Artpark has a lot of potential as a venue, and it's on its way to realizing it. The venue hosted a rockin' free music series this summer, with acts like the Mountain Goats and Bright Eyes playing to crowds of hipsters and curious boomers lined up along its terraces, which look out over the Niagara River. Located in Lewiston, it's a bit of a drive from Buffalo proper, but the charming town's worth a visit anyhow, and parking's relatively easy to find. That said, I'm docking a star for the shabby condition of the grounds and the long lines for crappy beer. Put a little spit 'n' polish on it, Artpark, and I'll look forward to coming much more.
Artpark is a great venue considering it offers so many free, or really inexpensive, concerts. Unfortunately, this can also attract the kind of crowd that only goes to free concerts (read: lots of drug use and excessive boozin' - which ruins it for those who are there to legitimately listen to the artist) but if you can get yourself nestled in with a group that looks like they're their to enjoy the music and not just the scene... you'll enjoy yourself for sure. If you brought kids, I recommend getting comfortable on the hill - the crowds below are not very well monitored and we generally see most families leaving their lower level spots by the 2nd song of the headlining act! Parking isn't great and costs an incredible $10... which is why you'll never see the lot full and instead see all the side streets and main street filled with cars. Leaving the place isn't too difficult, though, as everyone is generally traveling in the same direction and it's one right turn from the park to the exit going south. Most people bring blankets and chairs to enjoy the evening, so get there somewhat early if you don't want to stand all night or if you want to find a legit spot - it fills up quick! The food and drink options are what you expect from a free, outdoor venue - limited choices, all unhealthy, and all overpriced. My advice: get to Lewiston early, park in town, and enjoy a dinner at one of the multiple good restaurants on the main road (Brickyard being your best bet in my opinion!) or a quick bite at the Silo down the street.
It had been quite awhile since I 'd been to Artpark, so i was pretty stoked for the recent Wilco concert, which was held on the main stage.   Sound-wise, this venue is very good.  Normally, outdoor shows suffer from bad acoustics... but not here.  It was a pleasant surprise.   I didn't opt to park at the venue, but from what I could tell, parking was an extra $5-$7 in the accompanying lot.  If you don't mind the walk, just park in town for free. I found the concessions to be pretty adequate before the show started, but MOBBED during and after.  Same with the restrooms.  This place is in desperate need of an upgrade on both.  All restrooms are located on one side of the arena/venue.  So, needless to say, once those first few beers have made their way through your system... you better be able to hold it for awhile! Can't really comment on the lawn/hill area, as i had seats for this show.  It looked really steep up there, and very far from "the action."  The band even made mention / joked about this during the show!  I don't think there are any video screens out on the lawn either, so a pair of binoculars are probably in order. Overall, Artpark ranks high with it's unique character, and with a few improvements could easily become THE premier place to see live music in Western New York.
I went to the first concert of 2013. They have made it very apparent that they are only concerned about the bottom line and not the safety of their customers. The security staff was no where near sufficient to control the crowd that they allowed into the concert. There is no way they are following any fire codes. I wonder if it has anything to do with the local fire company trying to solicit money from everyone entering the park? I was crushed against a fence by the crowd. Now I'm usually a pretty calm, take a lot of s@%** person, but I had to scream at people to stop f#$@%^ pushing, that people were being crushed. I yelled nicely the first time, but the crowd only stopped after screaming at them to to stop F@%%#$* pushing and that people were getting F#*!#$#$ crushed. People could not get out of the crowd. I saw people that pissed their pants because they could not get out of the crowd. People were getting hurt and being violent. The worst part was that there were children in the crowd that they wouldn't let out until I stood up to entire crowd of people to move out of the way doing the job of the security staff for them. All I can say is wow, has Artpark certainly gone downhill since they started charging. Also, do not plan to tailgate in the parking lot before the concert. They had the police walking around ticketing people and giving out open container tickets with no warning. I could see if it was a bunch of punks partying and causing problems. Most of the people were families and older people that would have happily put away their tailgating supplies if asked. NO warning, no asking them to stop, just tickets, tickets, tickets. It was obviously just one more way for Lewiston to suck money out of us. You also will have to put up with the local fire company and food pantry obstructing traffic coming in asking for money EVERY WEEK from people outside the community. I am all for fundraisers, but this is in very poor taste when it becomes every week and disrupts the flow of traffic, etc. Shame on you Artpark and Lewiston. I have been a long time customer at this concert venue, but I will no longer be attending anything at Artpark where their number one concern is their bottom line and not the safety of their customers.
