Delicious ice wine slushie, we bought two bottles to take with us.  The staff were amazingly friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended!
The overall experience was eh. We came here because we had a free tasting coupon from our hotel. The table was extremely sticky and dirty and they didn't bother to try and clean it up. The slushies were interesting and fun to try, and they were delicious. My huge complaint is that we were sold the wrong bottle of ice wine. I never thought I needed to check my bag to make sure I had the correct wine. Especially since we talked in depth with the woman about how we didn't like the Vidal at all. We've been on a total of four wine tours and countless purchases in the past five years and we've never had this happen. We specifically asked for a Cabernet Sauvginon but instead we had a Vidal in our bag, which neither of us like. Sadly we didn't find out till after we drove home and were unpacking. I can't find the receipt anywhere but I know that wouldn't even help because after spending nearly $70 on a bottle of wine I am not about to pay shipping to send it back to get the correct bottle shipped to us. I was extremely disappoint considering my boyfriend and I bought that to save for a special occasion. And on top of that we're stuck with an expensive bottle of ice wine we'll never drink. Tip: Make sure they sell you the proper wine! And bring treats if you love cats. They have a very friendly black cat on the property.
From the moment I walked into the Ice House I absolutely knew I would love it. It's warm space that was originally a peach packing barn  I first learned of The Ice House like most people I imagine from CBC's the Big Decision. If you didn't see it, Jim Treliving said yes. Ice wine is a premium vino and a tasty dessert drink originally hailing from Germany. Prior to this I've only had it a handful of times, including my convocation from university. That said, our guide and co-owner Karen was a dream and the entire experience from unique food pairings - dark chocolate and spicy pita chips with rieslings to vidals was brilliant. Of course, let's not forget the shots of their ice wine sushies. AMAZING! Worth a visit.
We're up in Niagara Falls and decide to do the wine tasting in Niagara On the Lake.  For those of you who aren't familiar with the area, there are about 30~ wineries in this area (a quick 20min drive from the Falls) with an emphasis on Ice Wines (wines made from grapes that were frozen on the vine - making it super sweet and tasty). The Ice House was the first on our wine tour, as we were coming from the Falls, and this was one of our favorite wine stops! To start with, when you arrive, they greet you with an ICE WINE SLUSHIE.  Sure, it's only a shot, but it was DELICIOUS and it was a great way to kick off the tasting! There was a fee for the tasting (I think it was $10 or $15?) and all of the wines are ice wines, but if you buy a bottle of their wine, they will waive the fee/the fee goes towards the bottle.  We got there right when they opened at 10am (the best part about wine tastings - perfect excuse to drink before noon! HA), and the lady that helped us (I think her name was Deborah?), was AMAZING!  She pulled out some cheeses and housemade sausages to pair with the wines.  When she found out that my husband wasn't a fan of ice wines, she made him a "manhattan" with ice wine which he *loved*. Since it was the first stop for the day, we didn't buy anything from them right then...but when we came back the next day, although the lady that helped us wasn't there, they still gave us a discount on the wines, and was just as nice and awesome as the day before. Even if ice wines isn't your thing, this place was fantastic!  Friendly, helpful and fun!
I really like that they specialize in ice wine and the staff know their stuff. It's not my favorite producer of the sweet stuff but not bad at all. A little pricey but they do have deals on bundles usually and it's a fun place to visit if you are in the region. Buy the tasting flight for a solid introduction to ice wine.
Writing this review for The Ice House just giving me the urge to go down to my basement cellar to drink those 3 bottles of ice wine.... $70 a bottle?! But lucky it was Buy 2 get 1 Free.. I do feel a little like I am in a infomercials... Even after buying the wine, we still have to pay $10 for the tasting, at least the slushy is free.. but it was quite informative and enjoyable. A little food pairing with some chocolate and nuts... BTW, my Yelp friend just said he loves the bottle.. I guess I can just drink the wine and give him the bottle instead... Cheers!
My husband had never been to Niagara on the Lake and our first planned stop was the Ice House Winery since I know he loves ice wine.   Our overall experience was fantastic.  We were quickly greeted and the various tasting options were explained.  It is one of the most expensive tasting options in the area, but that is because it is all ice wines.  You start with your choice of ice wine slushie.  I could have had about 5 more.  Very tasty and refreshing.  Make sure you check in on Yelp.  It entitles you to an additional free ice wine slushie!  You then try various ice wines and an ice wine "cocktail"  The "cocktail" is ice wine mixed with a regular wine.  The "food" pairings are very simple items like chocolate and wasabi peanues, but they work well with the tasting.   Some of those doing the tasting were a bit pushy on buying expensive packages, but we weren't pushed that hard.  We did end up buying one of the packages that included the "slushie" wine and two regular bottles.  Expensive, but worth it. Whether you are a seasoned ice wine drinker or brand new to ice wine, I highly recommend a vist.
Ice wine slushies? YES, PLEASE!!! I did the 5 tasting sampler, for 15 bucks. You get a shot of slushie (your choice, red or white... I did red), 3 samples of their ice wine, and an ice-wine cocktail (your choice of ice wine mixed with white wine). I didn't actually receive that last one, so I kind of got screwed out of the full tasting experience, but I didn't feel like starting anything because the older lady doing the pouring scared me a little bit (as opposed to the young girl doing the pouring who wasn't scary at all). She was a little pushy about wanting you to buy the wine, which I guess makes sense to a degree, but I felt like it was hard to really enjoy myself with her pressuring to buy something, and trying to put together a "package deal" to make you buy more... "NO MEANS NO, LADY!" The wine was really great, and the slushies were especially great! I like that they paired the samples with foods to really showcase the flavor profiles. Nice touch. Be sure to hug Polaris out front for good luck!!
The first stop on an ice wine tour of Niagara on the Lake. Being huge lovers of ice wine, we knew we would like it here, as they only make ice wine. When we arrived, it was a little empty, and we weren't sure what we were getting into. We decided to go for the full experience, which comes with a shooter of the icewine slushie, plus pairing of the icewines with different snacks. The ice wine slushie was so delicious, my boyfriend still talks about it to this day! We were serviced by the wife of the owner of The Ice House, so she was very knowledgeable about how ice wine is made, and telling us how she likes it. We tried their different ice wines, and she even mixed some of the ice wine with "regular" wine for us, sort of like an ice wine cocktail. A great experience, and a definite place to stop if you love ice wine!
Biking by on a hot summer day and you read a sign saying "ICE WINE SLUSHIES!" and tell me if you wouldn't stop! OF course you would! And so did we, and they were delicious, totally hit the spot, and only cost a toonie (or maybe it was a loonie- either way, well worth it)! The staff was absolutely lovely. When they heard we had biked there, they offered us water. This place has only been open for a couple of years, but they certainly know how to market. That one simple sign was drawing people in. Recommend!
Serves ice wine slushie shots for tasting. So fun and so refreshing! Ice Wine + Slushie = Yummy!!!!!!!!!!!! The ice house was a cozy winery cabin. The hosts were very homely and welcoming. It felt like going to someone's home and tasting wine. It was a very fun and very cozy tasting room. I went in the winter and we were the only guests. But I am certain during the summer, it is the HOT SPOT for visitors of all ages. Another thing I liked about the ice house was it is trying to be innovative; they were trying to promote different ways to serve ice wine. On top of serving it as a slushie, they had a list of cocktails mixed with ice wine, which can also be found here: theicehouse.ca/the-ice-h…. I think it is great they are trying to show people how to drink ice wine in different ways. I would recommend this ice winery to anyone doing an ice wine tour in Niagara Falls, Canada.
Bought a Groupon for a tour/tasting at The Ice House.  Walked in for the tour and the vintner was in the showroom and he served us a ice wine slushie to get started.  And then we had a private explanation of the process of ice wine making.  Much more thorough than that received at other wineries.   This winery only makes ice wine.  As part of the tasting, the ice wines are paired with different foods.  I will tell you that I never thought of pairing ice wine with spicy sausage!  Wonderful!  There were many great serving ideas presented.   And the vintner shared his 'secret' sausage recipes with us as well.   Ice wine is pricey, but in my opinion well worth it.  We bought a case of the ice wines.  What a shame that they don't ship to the US.
The Goliaths of the Niagara Ice Wine Industry make for grandiose Wine Tours. The Jaw-dropping Estates, acres upon acres of Vineyards, state-of-the-art Machinery. Countless knowledgeable industry Experts, underground Bat-Cave Wine Cellars. Back Vintages before you were born and enough Barrels to keep Donkey Kong busy. Every Wine Connoisseur's dream. The David to those Goliaths is this Ice House Winery still in it's infancy(est. 2005). A former Peach Packing Barn is a rustic cozy charming site for all their Wine activities. Little as this House/Winery may be, it is home to some of the best Ice Wine products. To see the beginning stage of a small scale start-up Winery is a breathe of fresh air. I'm truly glad I can still see a basic Farm-like not overly commercialized Winery. Feels more back to Earth, back to Nature. The Big Decision... [My Preferences] [#1] 2006 Vidal Blanc Premium Icewine ($70/375ml) [#2] 2009 Riesling Premium Icewine ($70/200ml) [#3] 2009 Cabernet/Dornfelder Signature Series Red ($70/375ml) Due to Winemaker Jamie Macfarlane's objective to make "toasting" Ice Wines, The Sugar Content doesn't taste as sweet as Dessert ones, exactly my preference. As with my Asian background, I prefer moderate sweetness rather than intense. Prices are definitely on the higher-end but we got the buy-2-get-1-free here. 3.5'd With that onsite deal, it evens out to the more common Ice Wine dollar amount. Loving my "Northern Lights" hand-painted bottle by-the-way.
ABSOLUTE gem!  If you like sweet wines, prepared to be amazed.  I, on the other hand, am not a fan of sweet wines but I learned so much that I actually enjoyed all the pairings. Do not come to Niagara Falls without making the stunning drive over to have a wine slushie. You will not regret it!  I loved the staff and learned so much.
When you walk in you will get greeted with delicious ice wine slushes. They only make ice wines, tasting fee is $12 per person. It pairs with little bit of winery made sausage(very delicious but not for sale), bit of shredded cheese and chocolate. Surprisingly ice wines were going well with salty cheese and as well as sausages. Ice wine prices are $35-70 range. Staffs who helped our tasting were very hospitable and helpful.
+ ice wine slush, + nice setting, - we felt pushed to buy wine immediately Our innkeepers recommended to go to the ice house because of their great ice wine slush. So we followed their recommendations and have to admit the ice wine is super delicious and the slush a real delight during a hot summer day. Though their wines are great, I didn't like the way we were handled. When entering the tasting room an employee with a kind of snippy attitude approached us, passed us two samples and disappeared. After this weird experience we ended up talking to what I think the vintners' wife. Though our talk was nice and informative I always had the feeling she talked to us to sell her wine only. When we told her that we are still undecided, she also turned around. Despite our weird experience, I can recommend this winery since they are specialized on ice wine only and offer a large and very good variety of them. My favorite was the Cabernet Sauvignon ice wine. Average price for a 375ml ice wine: CAN $75 Tasting fee for three ice wines: CAN $10 + ice wine slush, + good ice wines, - we felt pushed to buy wine immediately
Nice small winery.  Owner was giving tours/tastings in their office.  We had a young girl who had a great passion for their business.  She did an excellent job.  As others said the slushie shooters were fantastic.  We enjoyed learning about the process and tasting the ice wines.  Ice wine is very expensive.  We bought 1 375 ml bottle and 2 200 ml bottles along with the slushie bottle for $199.  Tasting was $15 per person.  Interesting that this place appeared in the Canadian version of Shark Tank.
I called the Ice House prior to parent's departure and I am glad I did! Karen was very nice and helpful over the phone. My parents were greeted and adored by Debby. Sending me an email to notify me of their status at the Ice House was a nice touch!!! My parents really enjoyed the whole experience! Great Slushies!
I live in Cleveland and Ice Wine is a big deal out here.  I don't usually care for it because a) I don't like sweet wines and b) when I have wine, I like to drink a lot of it.  I've changed my tune though.  NOTL does ice wine right!  We ended up buying a bottle of their vidal ice wine and I can't wait to open the bottle and share it with friends.  This is a great little winery who's staff is not only knowledgeable but knows how to make wine tasting fun. Granted, wine tasting is ALREADY fun but these gals know how to get people to open up and try things they wouldn't have tried otherwise.  Definitely worth checking out.
In case you all didn't know by now (by looking at all the tourist maps), the Niagara Falls area is replete with wineries.  As a matter of fact, there are roughly 200 wineries just in the Niagara on the Lake area.  Of these, many probably produce Icewine.  Of these, only one produces Icewine exclusively.  Additionally, only one winery in the region has its entire production process on one floor.  If you guessed "Ice House", Ding Ding Ding!!!! Location: 4 out of 5 A nice pleasant drive from the touristy area.  It's on the way up to historic Niagara on the Lake (Heritage area, as they say).  It's between Line 8 and Line 6.  No joke, those are the names of the streets.  The signage along the road was easy to see, and finding the winery was no problem. Quaintness of Vineyard: 4 out of 5 I don't usually do quaint.  As a matter of fact, I usually despise things that are overly cute because they tend to be overly trite and banal.  This place was different since the actual building that houses the operation is a historic landmark.  Additionally, although they took great care to plant the rows of grapes in the vineyard in some semblance of perfect radial equidistance, the slight flaws and failure make it look that much more original.  And, if you've never seen vineyards where the grapes haven't begun to grow yet for the season, it looks almost somber and "unhappy."  Which is all the better, because then you really think about how such a wonderful product comes from an austere beginning.   Quaintness of Building: 4 out of 5 Cellar-y, but that's impossible since it's on the ground floor.  I enjoyed the way that the building was laid out, and as previously mentioned - all of the operations take place on the ground floor, from the fermenting to the bottling to the tasting.   "Tour Guide": 4 out of 5 The lady that walked us around and gave us the tastings was named Ruby.  She was very informational and friendly.  As Denise L. stated, we got the icewine slushies upon entering, and then we got to taste the Vidal, Cabernet Sauvignon, and then "select late harvest" (second pressing) Cabernet as well.  Ruby could probably stand to incorporate some humor in her delivery, but I found her delivery to be personable and easy-going. Quality of Icewine: 5 out of 5 By nature, I stray away from anything that is "sweet" when it comes to alcohol.  But I found that I actually like the taste of Icewine.  I'm not going to sit at home and drink it every night, but it does offer some variety.  The slushie was great - I can imagine having said drink on a hot summer day. I'd probably drink it without a shirt on and let it dribble down my hairless Asian chest.  Ha - mental imagery is turrrible.  But for just sipping, the first press Cabernet Sauvignon would be my "poison."  It's strong, sweet, and robust.  Paired with the chocolate covered espresso beans they had, it brought out the smokiness of the espresso without degrading the taste of the Icewine.  Which isn't to say that I didn't enjoy the second pressing of the Cabernet.  (they can't technically call it Icewine at that point).  It was milder, but still had the same flavor profile.  I would hesitate to call it a "lite" version, because the alcohol content from the same vintage was actually higher, but maybe I'd refer to it as just being more restrained.   Price: 4 out of 5 Tasting was free with our little coupon from the tourist map.  200 mL of the Cabernet was 57, as was 375 mL of the Vidal.  We bought a bottle of each and got two 200 mL of the second press Cabernet for free (50 dollar total value).   Universal Acclaim: 5 out of 5 In the world of Icewine, Ice House reigns supreme.  Not just gold medals at international competitions, but Grand Gold (an upper echelon of the already high Gold).  When the Golden Globes were held in CA two years ago, Icewine from Ice House was included in the goodie bag with hand painted bottles.  Sweet.   Overall: 4 out of 5 Not the best tasting experience or winery I've been to, but definitely very high up in terms of originality and niche product.
I had a fantastic experience.  Karen was warm and friendly, answering all of our questions about the process of making ice wine.The samples were generously sized, and the ice wine slushie was a surprising twist.  A beautiful winery, a sweet and flavourful product, and friendly staff.  I recommend this place to anybody looking for a local winery tour, and can't wait to go back!
In terms of my ice wine experience... It's limited. When we first entered we were greeted with a super delicious ice wine slushie. They basically mixed some of their first press ice wine with water and added it into a slurpee machine. It was the best cool treat you could ever imagine. We did the tastings and the women were very nice and recomended other wineries for us to try.
+ ice wine slush, + nice setting, - we felt pushed to buy wine immediately Our innkeepers recommended to go to the ice house because of their great ice wine slush. So we followed their recommendations and have to admit the ice wine is super delicious and the slush a real delight during a hot summer day. Though their wines are great, I didn't like the way we were handled. When entering the tasting room an employee with a kind of snippy attitude approached us, passed us two samples and disappeared. After this weird experience we ended up talking to what I think the vintners' wife. Though our talk was nice and informative I always had the feeling she talked to us to sell her wine only. When we told her that we are still undecided, she also turned around. Despite our weird experience, I can recommend this winery since they are specialized on ice wine only and offer a large and very good variety of them. My favorite was the Cabernet Sauvignon ice wine. + ice wine slush, + good ice wines, - we felt pushed to buy wine immediately Average price for a 375ml ice wine: CAN $75 Tasting fee for three ice wines: CAN $10 This review was written by the editor of travelin-mate.com
