Came here for nosh supper on our camping overnight in Niagara KOA.  Feels good, not too fancy, and seems to be bright spot on an otherwise desolate block.  Maître d is welcoming and accommodating.  We didn't do an entree but instead did 2 small plates and 2 shared plates plus each got French onion soup.  I recommend the beef sticks, the blue cheese bruschetta (the salad that comes with is addictive), the roasted veg risotto.  My husband enjoyed the beef and bacon meatballs (I thought they were dry).  Wine list is solid--they offer an unoaked Chardonnay which many places do not carry.  French onion soup is nice and peppery. I thought this was a great place for both tourists and locals and would come back to try different plates if we were staying longer.
Had coconut shrimp and chicken quesadilla.  They were good but nothing special.  Also had mussels which were in a spicy sauce and scallops with risotto. Both of these were delicious plates.   Didn't try the wine... Sorry not a fan.  But seemingly had a great selection. The atmosphere was great.  There was a husband and wife duo singing tonight and had everyone enjoying themselves.
It took a while but after 15 minutes of walking and empty bars we came across the Wine on Third. The NYC name didn't disappointed us as the bartender was super nice and friendly, wine was great and affordable ( we had the Riesling) and the Greek sampler and the cranberry salad were delightful. The live music and the locals made the ambiance relaxing, fun and enjoyable. Definitely a place for a glass of wine and a late night bite!
I love Wine on Third. The service is exceptional and the atmosphere is beautiful and friendly. There is frequently low key live music. The food is delicious. I tried the smoked chicken wings and they were tender- juicy- and seasoned perfectly. This is probably also the best burger in Niagara Falls.
Tapas and drinks after sightseeing. We had scallops which were seared perfectly and buttery tender. Risotto with corn was awesome. We also had the cheese plate with toasted pita. The server was outnumbered by guests but he was gracious and fast. A must do place.
This place was touted as a high end restaurant. AlI I can say is, wow! Not quite! The atmosphere is good but the food is sub par and overpriced.  The waiter brought our app ( cheese plate, I've had better) and 10 seconds later he brought entree. WTF? Give us a chance to eat the app dude! Like I said sub par and overpriced.
This is a cute non tourist spot. Live music from a guitarist and he was actually good. Super attentive staff and great wine/beer selection. My boyfriend and I ordered a Riesling bottle for 30 bucks and it came super chill. Next we got the cranberry salad which was great and light. We also ordered the Greek sampler that came with lots of warm oita
I rarely write reviews but had to after spending a wonderful evening here with my wife.  We were visiting Niagara Falls, NY for a weekend away and asked a few locals about a great place to relax and eat.  They all recommended Wine on Third.  So we gave it a shot.  The location is easy to get to as the name suggests.  It is on Third St.  We did not make reservations and the dinning room was full.  They suggested that we pick a table in the bar area.  There were a few inviting tables near the front with red leather chairs, low tables and candle lit.  It was just right for the mood we were in.  Right away, we were welcomed by a gentleman with menu's from Wine on Third and their sister restaurant next door that serves hand made pizzas.  A minute later, we were welcomed by Alysha (sorry if I misspelled your name).  She was vibrant and friendly as well as knowledgeable.   We started with a Sam Adams Winter Ale and my wife had the 3 Girls Pinot Noir.  Both were fantastic.  They had a 20 ft chalk wall behing the bar with 50+ wines.  The decor was warm and the music was live. We started by ordering the Saganaki (flaming cheese on a hot lava rock) and the scallops. Both were perfect.  The scallops were tender and spicy kale was spicy.  The Saganaki was savory and fun to eat. We were going to order a meal but the tapas were so wonderful, we continued on.  Second were the Mussels and Spicy Shrimp Risotto.  The mussels were again cooked perfectly with fresh tomato and green onion tossed on after it was plated for a fresh appeal.  The shrimp were once again cooked well and my wife said the risotto was the best she had.   All this time, we were checked on by Alysha as she continued to be helpful and a perfect compliment to the evening.   We finally finished off the evening with the cheesecake which was creamy and rich as one would expect in NY.   Every bite was great, the service was top notch, wine selection was on point, live music set the mood, and the locals recommend it.  We WILL be going back in the spring.  Thank you!
Fantastic restaurant, great ambiance. Brought my gf here while vacationing. The food was fantastic, and, because we went on a Sunday, any glass of wine from an opened bottle $5. The waiter was personable and knowledgable. Very fun My only reason I am not giving five stars is that during off season, which lasts until June, wine on third doesn't offer it's tapas menu. It had a gourmet pizza menu, and the food was great, but no where on it's website does it tell the consumers that the tapas menu is unavailable
This place was great! We followed fellow yelpers recommendations and they were spot on! First course we shared a chicken crostini with mascarpone and roasted red pepper preserves. Next we shared a cranberry salad with walnuts and that was amazing. Then for a main course I had the wild bore chop with summer veggies and polenta and my boyfriend has the spicy shrimp risotto which he loved! For dessert we had chocolate ganache! Everything was great we really enjoyed the night. We were unsure what to expect because the dinning room was empty most of our dinner but it was by far the best meal on our trip!
We had the Chef's special - quesadilla, plus the Blue Cheeze Bruschetta, plus the Beef on Skewers.   More than enough for splitting between two.  Add a glass of Cabernet and the meal was complete.   I thought the dishes were great, maybe a little too salty on the Bruschetta, but higher quality than I expected.  The wait staff was very busy with the crowd, but still found time to do great service and smile.  Wonderful coffee! It is obviously a hangout for the local foodies - and they were having a good time, adding to the atmosphere.  I would return many times if I lived in the area.
This is a classy downtown establishment.  Great food, great drinks, great ambiance, great time.  I don't drink wine, and they still have plenty of options for me.  The owners are also great community members and neighbors, supporting local arts through musical performances, art shows, fashion shows, and more.   The staff is also very professional, respectful and knowledgeable about their product. I would encourage both residents and visitors alike to check this place out.
Arrived Niagara Falls late afternoon and after checking in at b and b walked down to view the falls. Became hungry and with starving child food was the priority.  Had a local tourist map and recognized name of restaurant from previous yelp reviews. Wine on third lived up to its name. Delicious platters, crisp sav blanc and attentive service.  Thanks!
Great place. The food was great, you must get a pizza! Incredible craft pizzas. Good selection of wines and the ambiance is nice.
Great spot, good food and good service.  Always a pleasant evening.   Great for a date!
Really cool place, so different from tourist themed places in Niagara Falls, NY. Highly rated on Yelp for good reason. Great food and vast selection of martinis. We loved the food and the friendly staff.
First off, Wine on Third has become a trio, the wine bar, fine dining restaurant, and the newer, pizza bistro. I've had great wine and tapas in the wine bar, but this review centers on the fabulous Pizza Bistro. We were there around 5pm on a Saturday.  No one else around. Waitress was wonderfully attentive and chatty, but not in a bothersome way. The selection of pizza was modest.  We decided on the goat cheese and vegetable, as well as the shrimp fra d'avolo and the rigatoni. Pizza was heavenly.  Perfect balance of cheese and veggies. I simply don't have one bad thing to say. Just wish it was bigger!  Rigatoni and meatballs were great. The shrimp dish was spicy spicy, shrimp was done well. It was served over polenta, which could have used seasoning, as it didn't add to the dish. Tiramisu was fabulous,as was the giant cream puff for dessert. Will return in a heartbeat!
My fiancé and I decided to eat at Wine on Third right after he had proposed. The food was out of this world and the wine was great. Our waiter came by the table to take our drink and food order at the same time (we got our wine, never got the water we ordered) we then had our food and drinks and check delivered by another waiter, ours never came to the table again. We would have ordered more drinks and desert but we're never spoken to while we dined.
Oh so this *is* a tapas bar??? After our experience we questioned whether their focus was their entrees, because the appetizers/shared plates were somewhat lacking. The quality of the food was not the worst.  In fact, the coconut shrimp was very good.  And the mac n cheese was heavenly.  But the portions here in relation to the price is pretty surprising.  We came in with a table of four and ordered a bunch of shared plates.  Yet the waiter failed to mention that a couple had only 3 pieces (for ~$10+ in some cases).  When we received our Mediterranean sampler I almost laughed at the amount of hummus and sides we received.   I understand small portions for high prices when the quality is out of this world.  But that wasn't the case here.  The beef tips were tough and the other appetizers were simply "okay" (except I did really love the mac n cheese!!). The ambiance is nice and the service was very good.  I just take issue with high prices with small portions of less-than-excellent food.
After coming here again last Friday, I wanted to update my review and let others know that this place is worth driving out to Niagara Falls for. Although it's pricey, in a sea of restaurants where fine dining is a largely unfulfilled niche, this newest addition to Third Street takes the cake and eats it too. The food and service are incredible and the ambiance is classy, romantic yet also casual and comfortable. You would feel as comfortable coming here in jeans as you would dressing up in a full suit and tie and you won't feel awkward or out of place one way or another. I had the house filet steak last weekend and I enjoyed it a lot. Although the meat itself didn't have too many spices, it was perfectly cooked to order and paired with blue cheese which gave it a fine balance of flavor. Although I'm not a fan of blue cheese on its own (it's a bit too sharp for me), with the steak it was a great match. Although at $35+, it was a small 8oz piece and I would have loved a baked potato or something to come with it. Would have really added a hearty punch to the meal. I look forward to coming here again, but the high price points : portion ratio keep me from going here everyday. I understand its fine dining, but a baked potato with steak wouldn't be going to far off the mark, would it?
I went out to Wine on Third to see Honest Penny play this past Saturday night.  They play there every other Saturday - good folk-rock music done by an acoustic duo.  Definitely two thumbs up for Joe and Jackie. But this review isn't about music.  It is about a classy little bistro in the heart of Niagara Falls that has the foresight to bring this entertainment into its confines. Wine on Third. With an incredible selection of wines, if you are a wine connoisseur or just a fan of wine and want to try something new, head to Wine on Third. Now, I didn't try the food while I was there, but I saw plenty of it.  It smelled amazing, and the presentations were fantastic.  Maybe in two more weeks when Honest Penny plays there again, I will give the menu a try and revise my review.  As far as wine goes, the selection is excellent and the service, superb.  Just what you would expect from a small, locally owned, high-end establishment. Yes, the wine can be pricey, but for the price you do have an amazing selection of wines by the glass to try, and the pours are generous. I definitely recommend Wine on Third, especially if you're looking for a nice, mellow and sophisticated evening out.
IF I COULD LEAVE NO STARS I WOULD......what a joke this place is!!! i guess anything positive posted about this place was done by people who don't know or expect any better. yeah, there isn't a lot to choose from in the niagara falls area, but thankfully, since we walked out of this place i found SEVERAL MUCH BETTER PLACES TO EAT THAN HERE!!!! to start off, our reservation that we made 3 days earlier was unaccounted for, nobody to greet you at the front door, just a bar full of locals hanging out. we walked in a bit more, the bartender/waiter/himbo told us to sit any place we wanted. we were presented with 3 menus.....one for the bar, one for the restaurant wine on 3rd and one for their pizza joint next door. we ordered a martini, up and a bourbon press......asking for maker's mark. waiter had no clue of what bourbons they had, so i rattled off alist of 6 or so until he recognized one of the names. martini was served without any twist or olives, not even offered. my drink was served in a pint glass. for the next round i asked for the drink to be served in a shorter glass, he told be that the only time he's seen anybody drink bourbon it was in a big glass. at that time he told us some of the specials....GA NAW CHI was his word for gnocchi and asked me to repeat it with proper pronounciation....letting me know he didn't even know what it was. we were getting ready to order when 2 young women walked in and sat near us, that's when we became invisible........waiter forgot our waters, he kept reminding us he'd bring them, forgot to take our order, reminding us that he'd get to us. he's little brain was too overwhelmed with the 2 girls at the bar and the 2 sitting next to us. finally we just ask for the check....paid and got the heck out as fast as possible. i guess i should thank  WINE ON 3RD because of such crappy service we ended up going to another restaurant, much more classy, much more professional, much more polished....and it didn't have the stink of cigarettes coming in from the back door where the kitchen staff kept going out back to smoke in between orders. my advise is to STAY AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE from this unpolished, uneducated, sorry excuse for a restaurant.....terrible, terrible, terrible.
Boyfriend and I came to Wine on Third on our last night in Niagara Falls, and found that this place is a bright, bright spot in the otherwise dark and dismal dining experience one finds in this city. We arrived just before 9pm, and were told that we'd be the last to be served dinner, though the bar closes at 11p.  They were not ready to seat us, though, and we waited with two glasses of wine at the bar in the back of the first main room.  Ten or so minutes later, us and our glasses of wine were directed to the other side of the restaurant, a second room that was just as large as the first one.  I'm not entirely sure why we couldn't be seated for ten minutes, though, because there were multiple empty tables over there and no one left before we sat down.  Minor things, though. We were given a tapas/appetizers menu and a separate list of the day's entrees, and were told that a few of the tapas dishes had run out as it was the end of the day.  We were also brought some bread with herb-infused oil for dipping.  I don't remember which herbs but it was delicious. We ordered one tapas dish to share, the classic bruschetta, three slices of crusty bread covered in olive oil and tomatoes, which was rather delicious.  Un-classically, their bruschetta contained capers and olives, the latter of which I'm not a fan, but it worked really well anyway. Both of us ordered entrees that are not on their online menu.  Boyfriend had chicken, artichokes, roasted red peppers, and mushrooms over linguini in a dill cream sauce.  It was incredible.  I had a steak and I kept on dipping little pieces of it into his sauce, which was light and dill-flavorful.  I love cream dill sauce now, I'm going to make it at home all of the time. I had a New York strip steak with a loaded baked potato and roasted asparagus in a mushroom sauce.  It was DELICIOUS and HUGE.  Boyfriend kept saying that my steak wasn't a steak, it was a cow.  It was twice the size of any steak I was expecting.  The baked potato was even bigger.  It was literally the size of both my fists, and it was actually loaded with sour cream, cheddar cheese, bacon, and some scallions.  Could have used a couple more scallions. (I'm going to be posting photos of everything, so check that out!) With the giant size of our entrees, we had absolutely no room for dessert.  I'm a little disappointed, because I overheard the waiter telling another table about cheesecake. My only real complaint (other than wondering why we couldn't be seated immediately) is that the waiter could have been more attentive with refilling the water. Other than that, AWESOME RESTAURANT.  If i ever come back to Niagara Falls, NY I'd definitely eat here again.
I was in the area for a short vacation and happened to stop by Wine on Third! Our waitress was amazing, she let us go over the menu and after we decided the tapas we were having she let us taste two different wines she thought paired well and let us choose our favorite. She also recommended we get the soup of the day which was a pulled pork soup which I still dream about. It was a great place to have dinner and a perfect end to our trip!
This is a great little wine bar and restaurant in Niagara Falls.  They have yummy small plates, appetizers, salads, and main dishes.  I had a personal margarita & pesto pizza that had buffalo mozzarella on it!!!! Having just traveled to Italy and discovered buffalo mozzarella, I wondered if you could get it anywhere around Buffalo or Niagara Falls.  Found some!!! The server said they get it from a local supplier.  The blue cheese iceberg wedge was huge, and the dressing was homemade.   Very large wine selection. Nice atmosphere and bar area.  Separate room for dining. Outdoor seating... Cool! They had live music- a young girl singing and playing acoustic guitar.  They had it pumped through speakers outdoors too.  She took a request, and seemed very sweet.  It was enjoyable listening to her play.  I would definitely go back!
I'll keep it short and simple..... Overpriced and average. Even if you are heading out for a couple drinks, be prepared to bring the credit card.....
I can not say enough amazing things about this place! The food, the wine, the music, the atmosphere and the staff all absolutely amazing. I went for dinner with a night ahead planned and spent 4 hours there canceling all my other plans. Best restaurant I'm the area!
I came here expecting a lot more because of the yelp reviews.  I think this place was just okay.  The reviews may be skewed because there are few good restaurants in the niagara area on the NY side.   The tapas were regular sized but extremely expensive and the sangria was bitter and watered down.   On the plus side, the service was extremely friendly and there doesn't ever seem to be a wait.
This place is quite cozy and the atmosphere was rather nice.   They have a large selection of  red and white wines.  Service was good. The food is tapas style, though not traditional Spanish tapas.  Between two people we ended up ordering 3 small tapas plates and two glasses of wine.  The tapas can be described as fusion of all types of food, excellent  quality and taste.   If you go get the Grilled Ravioli in Pesto, it was excellent.  The scallops wrapped in bacon were on the dinky side, but the flavor was on target, I just wished they used bigger scallops like how the dish should be.  The soy-chili beef skewers were a little tough, but still good.   Overall, I would go back. A fair warning it is quite pricey if you really want to get full and make it a dinner.  We treated it as more of a "snack" than a meal.   No problems using restaurant.com coupons there, again service was good.
We came here on the strength of other Yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. When we arrived, the bar area was full and there was live music. We were seated in the adjacent dining room which had only two other tables seated. We ordered: zucchini fries, blue cheese fries, mac and cheese, caesar salad, seafood risotto, and a veggie panini. Don't be put off by the surrounding area, the service and quality of food were very good.
We came here based on yelp reviews! Also thanks to a review dated only 6 days prior, we were able to snag a great Groupon deal! Saved $25. Which was really helpful. The meal was expensive! The portions are small and expensive, so grab the Blue Cheese Bruschetta. It was delicious. We were served ciabatta bread too. It really helped full us up in preparation for the tiny portions. Haha. But our meals were great. I had the Airline Chicken and my boyfriend had the Seabass. The atmosphere was romantic but casual. It was really nice. We had a glass of wine and enjoyed the snowy view outside. Definitely happy we tried this place!
Changing menu with plenty of options. Trendy place to enjoy drinks and dinner. They also do parties. Highly recommend trying them out. Their Mac and cheese is fantastic!
Very nice. Tables near back of bar were very drafty. Food was very unique and tasty.
In town for the night with friends and went here solely based on yelp reviews and it did not disappoint! They have a bar in the front and a restaurant in the back. The food is incredible! The staff was super nice and they had a great wine selection. Would definitely recommend this place! If I ever come back here I am for sure stopping by!
they dont have too much in outdoor seating, but I think i really liked this place cause of the nice couple that shared their table with us. There's more there to experience than I did.
Had the best time ever! They have a huge selection of wine, the food looked great and the bartender was amazingly friendly. He gave us a lot of insight on the history of the place. There was live music and the placed looked nice. I would definitely go back here.
I do not live in Niagara Falls currently, but I always make sure to stop in at least once every time I am in Niagara Falls. If you are visiting the falls and want a glass of wine and some delicious food this is a must.
Very good food, very good services, and good prices and generous servings of both beverages and food... Although we went on a night when only the Tapas menu was being served we left full and happy...
Was really fancy smancy. It was good but not worth the money.
A great place for dinner or a drink. Huge beverage selection and fantastic appetizers, with top-notch food on the "Pizza Bistro" side. There's often an instrumental musician, and the wall art seems to change every so often, with pieces from different local artists. The hummus plate is pretty incredible.
The boy and I came here on our saturday night in Niagara..there were few choices of decent restaurant but when I see tapas I get excited! We were very very happy with everything from the atmosphere( very happening) to the great service and yummmy food and even the bill was much lower than we expected! if you have good taste but a boyfriend/girlfriend without a passport then this is ur best bet for a great night out in Niagara Falls.
Thank goodness for small businesses with character (especially in Niagara). This is a lovely wine cafe where everything is done well. I walked in on a Tuesday night to find the place bustling. I could tell they were slammed - 30 people all came at once to a 2 server restaurant - and under the circumstances the staff was gracious and attentive. The food was excellent - wedge salad and meatball trio - and the wine selection was interesting. At the staff's recommendation I tried an Argentinian Bonarda and it was terrific.
Hands down this is the best spot for almost any occasion.  Great service and nice ambiance.  Highly recommend!  10/10
great place. visited the depressing USA side in January since the prices are so low this time of year. great food and staff...just don't go for wines by the bottle. the cheapest wine around 20$ USD is actually a 5-6$ bottle of wine at your local store.
The filet mignon was fantastic, the truffle mac and cheese was... mac and cheese. The portions were smaller than I would have liked, but not unusual for this type of place.
Ate here on a roadtrip. The wine, the pan-seared tuna and the atmosphere were all perfect. This is a must for anyone stopping through Niagara.
Perfect in every way.  The service was superb, the decor sophisticated, the atmosphere relaxing.  The tapas were fabulous!  We loved the beef kabobs.  The wine selection is broad--we were given tastings to decide on a bottle.  Parked right in front without charge.  We wouldn't change a thing.  This was a highlight of our 4-day visit.  My husband worked in the restaurant industry for years, and he had high praise for the owner's and server's attention to detail.
When we went, there was only one other couple in the entire restaurant... after reading all the good reviews I am not sure why.... I guess everyone goes to Canada to dine, eh?   The bar on the other side of the place, though, was pretty full and had a lady singing some nice tunes...  We went in a large group and the staff was very friendly and helpful.   Based on their recommendations, I ordered the tomato lentil soup, the meatball trio, and tuna sashimi... quite a variety, but everything was terrific!    I capped the night off by eating their homemade chocolate ganache pie w/ almond crust.    It was unreal.   If you are in the area, go try this place out.
The bar was fantastic and bartenders helpful.  Waiter was also helpful. The cheese plate was great.  Entrees were ok and the steak over cooked.  Would highly recommend drinks with apps and small plates.
This place is so warm and welcoming!!  The main dining room isn't always open, but do not worry, the tapas menu is very satifying.  The locals that hang out here make you feel like you walked into a real life "Cheers" and allow you to join in on the fun.  The wine menu is affordable and expansive.  The bartender Tim is a pleasure.  The food was very satifying and unique.  Try the lamb lollipops... amazing!!  I would skip the flight of greens... it's just a few lettuce greens with mediocre dressing, but salad aside, this place is a perfect 10.  Great place to eat at the bar because they set it with a placemat and make you feel at home, but also not as formal as a dining room.  I see this as a great option for those dining alone.  Liked the atmosphere, liked the food, liked the company.  Cheers and good luck to Wine on Third.
This place is a gem in the rough! Really. It's downtown NF and it's totally different than what you would expect! ...especially if you have been in other "bars" downtown. Hubby and I went in one night for drinks and tapas - we had heard that the plates were tapas-size and not to expect too much. Maybe we heard it toooooo much. We thought that the plates were perfect for a late-night snack/light dinner. I had the greek plate - hummus, olives, artichoke hearts, red pepper strips, olives, pita bread, and feta cheese; hubby got the bruchetta sampler - two pieces with tomatoes and balsamic (sp?) and two more with gorgonzola and honey. We both liked our plates and were able to share with each other. The wine list here isn't really extensive, I think that there was only one pinot grigo on the list and two cabernets. The quality of the wine, however, is good. We were impressed that we were only paying $8-$10 a glass. The service here is top-notch as well. We reserved a table on the tapas (read: bar) side of the restaurant, but when we walked in, it was set with cloth napkins, nice wine glasses, and the tapas menu. And even though we went in late (our reservation was for 9pm), we got great service - there was never a time that we needed anything that the server / bartender wasn't right there for us....he even came to the table with the full wine bottle (!) to refill our glasses. It seemed very high class for NF. (sidenote here: reservations are HIGHLY recommended - I think that th ey only had three formal tables on the side of the restaurant that we sat on; but, even though you need to make reservations, we weren't at all out of place coming in wearing jeans!)  We had a lot of fun here - we shared two plates, and between the two of us, I think we had 4 glasses of wine and our bill was about $60. We are looking for a place like this in North OC or LB (in California, where we live) so that we can "experience" it again at home!!!!  :)
Place is very good, not quite great.  I had the chicken breast which was a bit too salty (I like salty, this was an error).  The ahi looked good and the chicken quesadilla looked yum as well.  It's definitely not a tapas bar though.
The New york side of Niagra falls is far less developed than the canadian side and had we not been told about this place we might of eaten at the casino. Thankfully we did come here and it was great. Wines by the bottle and also by the glass are reasonable and the waiter knew what he was talking about.  We went with about 4 tapas and found it to be plenty of food. Everything we ate was above expectations and in writing this review it has me wishing i lived closer to Niagara falls.
it was Kablamo. Nuff Said.
This was a nice find in the quiet city of Niagara Falls.  My collegues and I chose a variety small plates including the beef kabobs, shrimp risotto and chiken sandwich.
I don't usually order more than one item, but we ordered 5 off the menu- 2 appetizers, two salads, the tilapia with couscous, and finally, the dark chocolate with almond crust.  Wonderful, light, flavorful,  so  far above other places in Niagra. Worth the walk over!  The server was gracious, detailed, and worked hard to make sure everyone had what they needed!
Tried this place out after buying a Groupon and it was wonderful.  Had the Havarti Mac & Cheese, Chicken Satay, Greek Fries, and the Cranberry Salad.  The Havarti Macaroni and cheese is unlike anything I've ever tried.  Phenomenal!  I will be returning!  It's nice to see Downtown Niagara Falls having a local feel without all the terrible chain restaurants.  This place is a keeper!
OMG!!! my husband and i just ate 6 tapas dishes plus a dessert, while drinking the best sangria, and are now in awe at the most delicious food we ever tasted. everthing was so flavorful, which is why we couldn't help but continue to order more dishes! each one was a feast for our tastebuds. Our server was tremendously attentive, and uncannily friendly. While this place could be snooty b/c it's very chic and has high-class food and feel, it is warm and welcoming and a great place to enjoy close company and excellent food and drink. We had 6 or 7 tapas dishes, and are confident that they are all just as surprising and delicious.
I would highly recommend this place. I looked to Yelp to find good food because the area seems less than promising. I loved it. I had a glass of wonderful wine, chorizo empanadas,  and lasagna. Everything was perfect and the service was great. Also, the chocolate molten cake was amazing, which surprised me because normally I am not a fan.
Food is way overpriced and definitely not worth it. Entrees were way too salty. The service was the only thing that was good. Not recommended.
To quote my husband, "I don't want this meal to end!" We've shared many a good meal in 38 years, and I've never heard that from him before. Lovely atmosphere in the dining room, excellent service, wonderful food. If you're in Niagara Falls, plan on dinner at Wine on Third. Wish we lived closer!
It was nice to find this restaurant in a city full of casinos and fast food chains, thanks to Yelp.  I enjoyed a nice glass of red wine and a good steak from a professional and knowledgeable waiter.  Only two negatives: I requested my steak medium and it came back nearly mooing.... the waiter asked the kitchen to put it back on the grill which they did then it was fine, but it took about 10 minutes.  Also the restaurant section (separate from the bar) has virtually no ambience.... dark walls, no natural light, no artwork... just some cool lamps and a view of the open kitchen.  Overall, I'd go back for the food and great wine selection.
