This was the most fun I had in Niagara (and that says a LOT!!) Highly recommended - it's worth the money and wait time. The ride is quite vigorous but nothing frightening and not (quite) enough to make you sick ;)
Went with 2 adults and a 10 y/o and really like it. The motion ride is 2 short movies (totals 15 mins of video time) that also uses a mist, air blasting, and some flurries. If we ever go back to Niagara we will definitely return here. The 10 y/o loved it and was laughing the entire time. Also when you exit you go through a psychedelic hall way which is funky.
If you're visiting Clifton Hill, you should stop here! Of course it's cheesy and touristy, but it's also a lot of fun. They change the "film" every once in a while too. I would say it's fun for all ages! In amongst some of the cheesy wax museums, this attraction brings a good time!
I am an adult and have no children. I went on this ride and by calling it cheesy I am being generous. The wait for the ride was quite long. The seats were uncomfortable. The film was laughable. We watched the Journey to the Center of the Earth and Bamboo Express. Journey was a poorly edited version of the 2008 film that was barely 3D. The funniest part of this was when the ride nearly broke down trying to perform a manoeuvre. The second funniest part was at the end when the ride operator said "that's it" signalling the end of movie #1. Bamboo express was really a downer. It looked a lot like a high school film project. There was nothing noteworthy to add about this either. At the end Ripley's offers a second ride for a mere $5 as long as you kept your ticket stub. The little kids in the audience seemed to like it. In comparing this to the rides at Disney, it was pretty weak.
This ride was beyond lame, I felt embarrassed for the employees that ran it. The content and technology of this feature were sub-par for even the early 2000's. And the saddest part of all is that they have an automated air-horn that blows as you walked out the exit. As everyone runs out screaming and laughing, giving outsiders the false impression that you all had a great time.
Pretty cool attraction but rather expensive for such a short ride.
My husband's comment when the ride ended was "Ripley's should talk to Disney about how to do these things." The movement of the ride was not in sync with the movie.  The ride really just beat the crap out of you. The kids next to me really enjoyed themselves though.
