Great location right next to Niagara Falls. We went in around 4pm right before the dinner rush. Out food was fresh & hot. We both got burgers since we worked up a fierce appetite walking around the falls & the monstrous burgers didn't disappoint. The fries were fresh & good as well. Service was good, clean bathrooms. Highly recommend this location if you're going to the falls.
This place was fantastic, and more than I hoped for out of a restaurant in such a large tourist attraction. Burgers were delicious, everyone came nice, and the food came quickly. Only downside was the price (13 a burger), but for a tourist region, you can't get much better than that, All in all, I think it beats the plaza across from it, where it's cash only and just as pricey. Another note: I had actually left my jacket there, came back an hour or so later, expecting it to be gone, but they had actually left it in a closet and I retrieved it successfully, so props to them!
Headed over for dinner with the kids after the drive from Chicago and spending the afternoon at the US Falls.....hungry and worn out..... Place was crowded, but we were seated quickly.....service is not very good, nor is the food......but we had a few drinks and wandered around the place to look at all the cool memorabilia..... I have to go now because my dinner may finally be ready.....
Something for everybody whether you want a full meal or a satisfying appetizer I strongly suggest you save room for a dessert (love the mousse). Music is awesome and just next to the famous Niagara Falls, the people watching is spectacular!
Pricey but not too bad, considering it is HRC in a touristy spot. Much better than eating an $8 hamburger from the concession stand at the Falls. The veggie burger is AMAZING. Seriously.
The food is HORRIBLE! Who can mess up all of my favorite foods (steak, garlic toast, mushrooms, swiss chesse, fries) but hard rock. Given the location it was probably the best thing there was to eat, there was few choices in the location. I'd avoid this place period. The service was OK at best. The only thing kinda cool is that there are music articles all over the wall... but nothing you don't expect already.
Hard Rock is Hard Rock. Food kinda pricey, but the burgers are good. However, I was seated when my husband was in the bathroom. When he came back, they told him that I was never sat down, and didn't know where I went, he went looking all over. Our waitress went on the hunt for me, and he showed up. The waitress on the hunt said that the hostesses, sat him, but he had actually asked to look around in hopes of finding me. Very disorganized at the front. But other wise a good place. We went there for new years, if you keep your receipt they take five bucks off per ticket at their club (25 down to 20). Up until about 10:45 NO ONE was on the dance floor. So that sucked, but other wise it was a cool place, they had a huge "disco ball" with tv's on it, and they let down balloons and confetti and opened the garage door facing the falls to see the fireworks. Very nice. If you show up early they give party favors, but I wouldn't let that lure you unless you wanna sit for close to two hours for anything to happen. (And we got up and danced by ourselves a few times) They play top 40 mixes. It was a good time in the end.
Sorry to say, but the food here is really bad.  The servers are friendly, but the service is pretty slow. I tried the steak fajitas.  They were chewy and almost $30.  The caesar chicken salad I had the next day was average.  Overall, I wouldnt have gone back but it was the only place open near our hotel. Walk in, by a souvenir, and leave.  Don't eat.
You've been to one Hard Rock, you've been to 'em all.  We had low expectations but were pleasantly surprised that the burgers we got were well seasoned and the fries were pretty good too.  The cheddar on my burger had this great smoky flavor that I loved.   This would've been a surprising 4 star experience if the waitress had bothered to do her job but just as most of the restaurants we experienced, if it's not full throttle tourist season, they don't really care.
I go to these places all over the country becasue I enjoy the artifacts and atmosphere. Sat at the bar on a lonely Wednesday night in December while on business in Niagra Falls. Very friendly (if not overly) at the reception. I ordered a Sam Adams on tap that tasted great but the glass was half filled with foam. Nice friendly batender did not get the memo on how to fill draft pints. No big deal.....the burger was good, really good, fries were cold. Ordered another Sam and had even more foam. All in all. I had a nice visit and enjoyed the music and videos while reading the Buffalo news.  They always play music that I love at these clubs, and that is not to be overlooked. The bartender was trying to give the couple next to me some kind of card that gives you a discount if you spend $200.00. I am glad he did not bother me with that. Beer was $5.50 ea. and the burger was $13.00. Quite pricey for a lonely wednesday night in Niagrea Falls in December. This was the smallest HRC that I have ever been to, but they still had some cool stuff on the walls. Place was very clean including the rest room. I would come back......
It's smaller than other Hard Rock restaurants, but food and service are great. It's one of the only common restaurants you will find on this area. All the others are indian food restaurants or chinese.
We've been to enough HRC to know what to expect.  And this one met our expectations.  The food was okay (after a long day walking our plates were clean).  I give three stars based on the wait staff and the fact that the music (I agree that it isn't really "hard rock") was at a reasonable level since it's usually so loud you can hold a conversation (are you listening HRC Universal Hollywood!) Besides, this is a great place to refuel and recharge before heading to Gateway to The Falls building (tee hee)
If you've been to one HRC, you pretty much know the drill.  This one seemed a little more cramped than others I've been to.  We went around 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, July 2nd and the place was hoppin.  No wait for a table, but a long wait to get to the hostess stand.  We told our server that we had an appointment at 5:00 and he made sure to get us in and out.
Fun environment, great cocktails, and the staff is wonderful! I ordered the Red, White, and Blue burger and it was cooked just as I ordered and was delicious!
A $14 hamburger didn't seem like a bad idea until we got drinks with our lunch/dinner.  It was yummy, it was greasy and yes that's what I like.  The 10 oz. lengendary burger was good enough to slow me down so that I really needed to walk around the fall.  The French fries were pretty good too.  I usually prefer steak fries as opposed to the skinny kind and these were somewhere in between.  We also ordered spring rolls which were good, but only a few per order.  Should've ordered the hefty plate of nachos.   However, beyond the prices throwing me off the cuisine is obviously American, which is A-Ok. SIDE NOTE: They were playing ZZ Top and Elton John, not my idea of Hard Rock.
Pretty good food, but quite expensive.  I guess you cannot expect much less from a Hardrock Cafe in Niagara Falls.  The barbecue chicken was nice, although it did not taste at all like it was cooked using mesquite wood.  I am from Texas, you cannot fool me!  The ranch beans.... just like the store-bought name brand; out of a can.  The only hightlight, was the coleslaw.  But at $18, I don't feel the lunch plate was worthy. fyi - I tried the local Canadian microbrew beer (forget the name) and it sucked!  It is ironic that the best beer in Canada is American beer.
Q: How can you screw up nachos? A: By putting cheez whiz on them. (yeah, there was some actual cheddar melted on too, but still: a base layer of whiz eliminates any possibility of a good nacho experience.  I'm sure it's not the Niagara location's fault - just following orders from HQ and all that - but still...) If you have even the slightest interest in Indian food, there are a dozen fantastically better options in the neighborhood.  If you can't palate Indian, there's a TGI Friday's.  Suggest you try that instead. Also: one of the TVs was screwed up.  We didn't really need to see live footage of the Fleetwood Mac cover band that was playing in the other room, but a glitchy TV screen is distracting.
How could a place just a few football fields away from one of the most famous natural wonder on earth look so... Crappy?  Niagara Falls, NY is abysmal.  There's a few businesses and a whole lot of empty, uninspiring buildings.  We were there for a show in the casino, which is the nicest looking building by far, and walked a few blocks to a nn-descript strip mall which houses the Hard Rock Cafe.  Inside is nice, like a normal Hard Rock.  The food and service were great.  Really enjoyed our time there and the meal.  But... It's such a sad looking place on the outside.
The mac, chicken and cheese was great, but don't go there too hungry.  The service was extremely slow.
Food ok.... Service ok... Drinks awesome!! Music? Love it!!!
$ Spendy meal of Mac n cheese for my family of 5 & food was nothing special.  Great location for tourists though (you can walk right across street from main parking lot @ falls park) and service/atmosphere were both good. Just on food it would get a two - the side caesar salads were wet & crutons lacked any greatness.  The much bally-hooed twisted mac was the same thing our kids got with some lame attempt at spice and very little chicken. The local draft beer was good though & as I said the service was good also - I tipped well and hey - it's cool for your kids to sit & listen to good music while learning a bit about Jimmy Hendrix, Prince and others from mom and dad.
Wish I had checked out the reviews BEFORE I visited here. My companion and I waited 30 minutes for a table, even though I saw plenty of empty tables that needed to be bused -- that's right, it took nearly 30 minutes before a guy came out to clear the tables that were located near the entrance. Finally, we were seated in one of the back rooms. Leslie, our server was dour and perfunctory -- no enthusiasm or gusto for the job at all. The food was so-so -- for our appetizer, there were 5 small Santa Fe Spring rolls in lots of shredded lettuce and cilantro dressing -- hardly worth the $9.95 price tag.  The sirloin steak was teeny and it came with one scoop of garlicky mashed potatoes and plain, unseasoned broccoli -- dinner looked like a plate of hospital food. The vanilla milkshake -- $5.95 -- was thick but so small that it would have cost half the price anywhere else. The Mac & Cheese side dish, $4.95, was tasty but the portion size (one scoop) was far too small to justify the price. When the check came, I paid cash and Leslie shorted me on the change. Frankly, we felt shorted on the entire meal.  Never again.
I have been to a ton of Hard Rock Cafe's and this one is probably my least favorite. The town of Niagara Falls seems quite dull and boring as is the cafe. The same merchandise and food you can come to expect from the chain, however do cross into Canada. You will get a better look of the Falls and the Hard Rock Cafe over on the CA side is much more interesting as is the tourist environment.
Wanted to give this a fair shot and disregard the other reviews. It was one if my only options for a late meal. However, not so good. They forgot the main ingredients for my mojito. When I told my waitress, she explained that she made it herself - and that they don't allow her to use simple-syrup. Ouch. The chicken with pasta was passable for a stomach stand-in. But the sides were a bit like styrofoam peanuts without the visual appeal.  If you want a good (but expensive) meal, see my review of the Western Door steakhouse in the casino.
This place is just as bad if not worse then Hooters the food is bad and the service is always bad no matter what hard rock you go to! There is nothing on the menu that says ME ME ME, it's the same old burger, fried food or some really bad steaks, can some one learn how to cook one, really it's not that hard do they not hire culinary students at restaurants?
Decent for. a tourist town the nachos were good.  Service was slow but to be expected.
Sick! My friend and I ordered steak and bbq ribs. Both were dry! The bill came upto $50. Very disappointed.
Typical hard Rock setting with pricey food and tacky decorating. Only thing I liked was the food. The tables are set close together so its hard to walk by and the waitress wasn't very attentive at all. Good location but not a great restaurant to visit.
Service was fast. Food wasn't amazing, good overall. My fiancé's chicken and my cheeseburger was very dry.  Good for the experience but probably won't go back.
The food wasn't too bad. The memorabilia that was scattered around the restaurant is what got my attention. The staff there was very friendly.
When staying by Niagara Falls this is the one place that I can't miss.... When I am here on a 8 day tour of the East Coast... I went and had myself a Red & White Blue Burger and a Samuel Adams Beer!!! And of course can't leave this Hard Rock Café without buying me some Hard Rock Cafe Souvenirs!!!
Right in the middle of my dinner they started blaring ymca and all the workers jumped up on the stage which my table was at to dance. Other workers proceeded to start a cha cha line around the restaurant collecting all the obnoxious children. I was not amused and feel like some one should inform them they are not a chuck e cheese. Probably would have been better off eating at the food court that smelled like chemicals across the street.
So this was the 5th out of 6 hard rocks I have ate at, was not impressed with my dry crunchy well done ver. Of a med rare sirloin I ordered. Service very slow and the waitress acted like we were ass holes when we asked for our group pic. I recommend crossing the border for the hardrock 5mins north on the canada side much better service and food was way better we ate there a few hours later haha
Horrible food. Horrible  and prices are high for nothing.  Omg, horrible.
I find it really sad the best meal of our trip was at hard rock cafe but it honestly was. I had the twisted mac, chicken & cheese which was different then I thought it'd be but different in that good amazing yummy way. my fiance also loved his yummy delicious burger and for his first hard rock experience it was a great time :) plus I now get to add another hurricane glass to my collection.
I didn't check out the food. Just came in for the store. Conveniently located right on the parking spot either right on the park or the one across from it. The place was packed when we went there so I guess its good. The staff were nice and the place is clean. I wish I could say more, but that's all there is to it. If you are a hard rock cafe fan like my mother, this place is 4 stars.
good location, in walking distance to the falls. classic HRC menue friendly staff
U pay for atmosphere. All food is average. Desert is good. Try apple cobbler!
Stopped in here with my best friend for lunch after going to the American side of the falls. We each had burgers, and they were fairly good. Not out of this world, but definitely edible. Nice atmosphere, but there was practically no one there. It made for an enjoyable meal.
Overpriced, horrible service, too loud of music & an over all bad experience. Sat us at a table with the dirty dishes from the last customers.
Friendly staff. Great music. Good place to meet up with friends. Honors the Pin Collector's Club priority seating.  Very busy over the weekend.
Kids and I had a great meal and fast service. Like other reviewers, I would have preferred to go someplace local but there aren't a lot of options in NF within walking distance of the hotels and park. I would go back.
we spent 97$ for 1 appetizer 2 ice teas,a juice a kids meal and 2 first courses.Really?WAsn't pleased at all.I loved hard rock in Roma and in SD but will never eat at the one in Niagara falls again
My bf and I visited the Hard Rock Cafe on the NY side of Niagara Falls because we were very hungry and were in between two activities (Maid of the Mist and Cave of the Winds).  We otherwise would not have visited a tourist trap restaurant (which this Hard Rock Cafe certainly is).  The upside was that it's super close to the NY side of the Falls and the attractions there. It was the first restaurant we saw.   When we first walked in, we were seated all the way in the back and were ignored for 20 minutes.  The bartender took pity on us and got us waters and then made sure our waiter attended to our table.  He apologized and I appreciated his honesty when he said that he sometimes missed that table.  He promised he would give us a lot of attention thereafter, and the service was a lot better for the rest of the meal.   We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as our starter and enjoyed it decently enough.  I ordered the hickory barbecue bacon cheeseburger, which was tasty enough.  My bf got the Local Legendary and it came with a special spicy sauce (but not too spicy). The burgers were nothing extraordinary, but were decent enough. All in all, not a bad experience.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.
It gets a star for the decor. I got the local special burger, waaaay too much salt and horseradish. Gross. My wife had The twisted Mac and cheese. Not good either. I'd avoid it if possible. Overall, this restaurant was not worth going to. Go somewhere else.
Greeter was friendly, service was ok was around when needed, food was quick but good.. $3.70 for a pop to drink. Very close to Falls.
I've been a long time fan of Hard Rock, rewards club and all. Sorry to say this place is disgusting.  During dinner, my wife lifted her glass, the bottom fell out, shattering onto her plate, soda and glass all over her food and clothing. It took us 10 minutes to get the attention of our server. Her response, " Oh, this happens all the time, I'll get you a rag". We were in shock. a manager was no where to be found. We asked for the check. At no time did any employee often to help clean up the mess, in fact leaving the broken glass sitting on the food! Disgusting. Looking at the check, they didn't even deduct the cost of one dinner until we asked (they got a smirking attitude and "I'll see what I can do"). In closing, avoid this place
I've been to a half dozen of these Hard Rock Cafe's so far. This one ranks on the bottom. First there is no giant guitar outside.It is not a factor in my review but more of  an omen. First one I've seen without one. They were closing the kitchen at 4:00 pm for a kids party, a band was playing for (ages 7-15). Hello? You are a restaurant no? The bartender was constantly unavailable. I got tired of waiting for him to check on us and shouted at him to come over. I came here to add to my collection but next visit to Niagara will not include here.
I went here when I was staying on the New York side of Niagara Falls. It was very good I ordered a burger and it was delicious. And the restaurant was very nicely decorated. And was all rock themed.
Great service. The veggie sandwich is not that great, but chicken wings are well made.
one of the few options on the Niagara falls the US side ...good burger and atmosphere
Gets a star for being so close to the falls and not ripping off like other businesses in the places around falls and for ambiance(living up to the brand). Gets a star for service time( weekday lunch). A star for food choice and beer tap options. Tried appetizer platter. Felt it was a good choice but the spinach dip really misses the mark. Texas chicken burger was well prepared and contented with the choice. Misses the star for attention to customers, servers lose track of customers fast in the myriad of booths and tables unless you are in direct line of sight. Misses a star for not having live music for lunch just like other hard rock cafe locations I visited in the past.
Me and my family went here to get some lunch before going to the Falls. We were seated quickly because we came at the early hours. It looked like any other Hard Rock cafes out there. The service needs improvement. It was rather slow and the server made mistakes in taking the drink order. For the food I ordered the twisted mac and the chicken was a bit overcooked. And of course it is pricey. I don't mind about the loud music. It adds more to the atmosphere. Except when the music had some loud bass and it vibrated through my seat and made me feel uncomfortable. So overall it was not such a new and outstanding experience, but it was not that bad either.
I ordered the hickory smoked burger as a little meal for the day. I got a meal that had so much barbecue sauce on it that it literally made the meal collapse. I also have to criticize the service, as it was surprisingly slow for the few amount of people there. Overall, I wouldn't return.
The atmosphere is nice. The Burgers are juicy and cooked well. For 6 people it cost us $110 plus tip which isn't bad at all. Would definitely recommend this to visitors.
Stopped in for lunch after visiting the Falls, I don't get the negative reviews of this place, people, if you don't like loud music or a pub-type atmosphere, don't go to a Hard Rock, anyways, I had the pulled pork Texan, and it was really good, not dry at all, the baked beans were awesome, and the coleslaw was crisp and tasty.
It is what it is a little touristy, but ultimately exactly what American Cuisine has become. The wait was only 10 minutes which is better than most, plus there were 9 of us. It is located really close to the Falls, so very convenient after a walk around the Falls.
Our waiter Corey ROCKED!!Fast friendly service.  Beautifully clean atmosphere! Food was great. Thanks Corey and Hard Rock Cafe Niagara!
I love Hard Rocks!!!   I have been to them all over the world - Tokyo, Frankfurt, Hawaii, and even up the road in Baltimore.  They are consistently fair with the food, have a great decor, and fun staff.   The good thing about them is I can count on them to provide a decent meal in a fun atmosphere.  But as with all rules there are exceptions, and the Hard Rock in Niagara Falls is one of them.   This Hard Rock is right by the falls so almost all of the clientele is tourist based, in other words one time customers.  If your customers only come in one time them obviously you don't have to give a damn about them because  they are not going to come back any time soon. My experience, we came in with a large party and waited, which we were prepared to do, except the girl staffing the desk upfront was more interested in dancing than paying attention to her job so when a party the same size of ours waited only 2 minutes and was seated we asked "Hey, what's up?"  - a small mistake they admitted and we were seated quickly afterwards and given the same waitress.  Poor girl, now she tried, honestly, she did but was totally overwhelmed.  The party that jumped ahead of us had their food even before we had our drinks.  I complained to the hostess but she was totally nasty and unaccommodating.  And I was nice - really, I was.  I know stuff happens but at least give a damn and try to  fix your mistake and don't be nasty about it.  It was interesting to watch the manager go over shortly after I talked to the hostess but he never did have the courage to come over to our table.  But why should he, we were tourists who would never be back. As I said the waitress tried, she was obviously working her tail off, and we did give her a good tip.   The food, well, was pretty bad.  I had what was described as a burger.  I came out fresh and hot and totally over cooked.  I calculated that about 10 molecules of water were left in the whole patty.  Ketchup can fix a lot of things and thankfully it can make a hockey puck edible because I was hungry, tired, and just wanted to choke down something.  I am confident our waitress would have fixed it had I said something but I didn't want to wait.   So, you have been warned, don't go here.
Is a hard rock cafe, so like most chains you cannot expect gourmet food but a pretty decent one yes.  I have to admit I like salty food but this one was pretty salty.   everything else,  the deco, the music is the same as every other one,  13 dollars for a hamburger is not cheap but seriously if you check the other option for food in that area crossing the street is gross and expensive, so for a couple extra bucks I always prefer to be save and I am glad I did.
Small, crowded, cramped and overpriced. After a long day of walking around the falls in the 90 degree weather we sought out the first place we could find that had a/c and indoor seating. I've been to a few other Hard Rock restaurants in the past , but this one was significantly smaller which I find odd since it's located in such a popular tourist spot. The place was crowded and the room was very cramped. There isn't much room in between tables. The waiters and waitresses seemed to have difficult navigating their trays around all the customers in their chairs. We had a party of six and lucked out on getting one of the last available tables. There was a long wait till our food arrived which wasn't surprising considering how busy it was. The food itself was typical chain restaurant food. Not terrible , but nothing special either. The prices were pretty high, but again because of its location I wasn't expecting it to be moderately or reasonably priced. If I had to do it again, I would've done more research , saved my money, and gone to somewhere more reasonable.
We had about 3 hours to kill before the night lights would come on at the Falls, so we ended up here after seeing there wasn't much around to eat in the area. We were greeted by a very friendly host and our waitress was really nice too. My mom and grandma split some fajitas and dude and i had the chicken club with fries and a small salad. Everything was pretty good. The chicken club actually was to my liking, as i'm very particular about my clubs. Chicken was thin and moist, a good amount of lettuce, bacon, avocado and tomatoes and most importantly the bread was plain white toasted- not greased up which i dislike on my clubs. I also snagged a hardrock luggage tag thing as a free gift, from a coupon i grabbed at the Made in america store next door that could be used with a 25 dollar purchase. Triple A discount!
To me, the Hard Rock brand represents pretty much everything corporate and unfortunate about the music business today (and cannibalizes as décor everything pure, spirited, and passionate about its past). That said, this place actually does a great job with their sound. The system and techs are clearly top-notch and the room sounds amazing. Stop in for Free Music Fridays and enjoy some terrific local music. (That's why I'm giving it three stars; the big-as-your-head portions of mid-quality food and cheap domestic beers on their menu would have scored it much lower.)
I'll admit, I'm a sucker for Hard Rock Cafés. I love the ambiance they have and the staff is pretty cool. This place was no different. Loved the music and ambiance. We we're welcomed as soon as we walked in the door and were seated just two minutes later. The waiter was nice. The food, unfortunately, fell a little short this time. I've been to a couple other Hard Rock Cafés before and the food has always been delicious. The food was just ok this time. My hamburger, which I ordered medium well, was slightly over cooked. Another person in my group order the fish sandwich and was very disappointed. She couldn't eat it. Additionally, the French fries could have been a little fresher. They were a bit cold. But other than that, everything else was great! That being said, given the chance I'd definitely return! Rock on!
the place sure could be cleaner! the drinks were good--we got some muddled fruity drinks. the food was subpar--the caeser dressing needed some dressing, the brisket was dry/burnt. the waitress was nice though the service wasn't the quickest. i'm sure there's better places to go near the falls
food was pricey, bland and the service was terrible. The music was so loud we had to get to-go boxes and leave after waiting 20 min for our meal. I think we both a chicken dish that neither of us could eat so we gave it to the seagulls. If you are over 50 and want an enjoyable meal stay away from this hard rock mess
didnt have any food but had a great mixed drink at the bar. bartenders were nice and made excellent drinks.
Way overpriced for such mediocre food.  I had the pulled pork BBQ sand which.  Dry as a bone.  I would definitely recommend looking elsewhere if possible.
I had never been to a Hard Rock before going to this one, despite the fact that they're pretty much chains all over the place. The atmosphere was really cool, and I did enjoy the classic rock sort of feel it had to the place. I came while on a trip to Buffalo, with 5 other people. While we were eating, a guy came up to us and asked us if we wanted to request a song. Though the choice is limited (a Nirvana song one of my companions wanted to listen to was not on the list), a couple of people agreed on some songs and they were added to the queue. Sure enough, about 20 minutes later, they played the suggested songs. I thought that was a pretty cool touch. I didn't actually eat a lot here, but what I ate was pretty good. Probably around 3.5 stars, rather than 4. We ordered the Hard Rock Nachos, which had cheese and beans and jalapenos. and I liked those. But I ended up just splitting a a Caesar Salad with Grilled Shrimp with one of my friends. I actually thought the salad was good. The croutons were crisp, the lettuce fresh, the dressing was on enough of the salad that I could taste it, but not drown in it. I thought the grilled shrimp was really good, as well. The price, however, is why I'd rate it 3 stars, rather than 4. The salad ended up being around $14. Just for a salad. I believe the Hard Rock Nachos were around $10. So, grossly overpriced food for the quality. It was good, but not $14 for a salad good. As for the service, it was good, though I can't recall anything about the waiter at all. The bathrooms were clean, and on a February night, the restaurant was virtually empty, so seating was a breeze. If the prices were more for what you get, then I would have gladly rated it higher, but as it were... 3 stars is all this place will get from me, despite the fact that I'd rate the food around 4.
I like Hard Rock Café, generally. We stopped to get an early dinner on 05/31/2014.  The waitress was very friendly and sweet.  My family do not know English, so I need to take time to explain the menu to them, she didn't feel bother and help me out patiently.  However, the music was way too loud for my elderly family.  I will go back, but most likely will not go back with any elders.  ^_^
In my experience, most tourist towns have at least one decent restaurant.  Apparently, Niagara Falls does not.  Despite reading all the horrifying reviews, I stopped here anyway, figuring there was no way Hard Rock could mess up a Caesar salad and veggie burger.  I was so wrong. I was in town alone so I sat at the bar.  I expected only the worst of service and my expectations were definitely met; I did not need to hear about the obnoxious bartender's sex life or her experiences with laser tattoo removal during the 45 minute wait for my meal. When my plate arrived, everything had a smell not unlike burning plastic.  The veggie burger and all of its toppings were burnt to a crisp.  The portabella mushroom was unrecognizable; it took some pretty intense neural connecting to remember that there was in fact a mushroom on the burger.  The Caesar salad was no more than a few chunks of romaine lettuce topped with two croutons.  Yes, two.  The only good thing about this meal was the dressing. So for $15 plus tip, I ate half a pile of garbage.
I've been to plenty of Hard Rock's in the past, and this was was decidedly the worst.  I really wanted to give the waitress the benefit of the doubt, but she was simply bad.  She took a long time getting to us, despite the fact that this place was pretty empty.  She messed up our orders, and then denied it.  She simply didn't know what she was doing. Maybe I've become too picky about the food, but it's just not good. I got the chicken strips and they had more bread than chicken on them.  There are simply no "light" options, in case you don't feel like eating fried food for lunch.  Even the salads seem to have bacon and dressing as their primary ingredients.  Definitely should have skipped it.
Oops... I like here :) There are so many 1 or 2 stars but I'm giving FOUR star now! Yes! The service is very slow only because they have very good business here, busy busy busy + many tables around + less waitress! It's reasonable.... + the location is perfect for Niagara Falls visitors since there is nothing good around this area to hang out or to get good rest or to eat  ---- all my personal thinking :) PLeAse take a look of my wonderful dishes..... hungry? hehehe..... By the way, same as all the rest Hard Rock Cafe, a gift shop is attached that you can go shopping while waiting for your food! ( I liked one shirt but forgot to buy it, I'm so regret )
Went for lunch at 11:45 and did not have any issue getting a table for 5. Waitstaff was great and friendly. Food was typical HRC. Overall very good visit while in town on vacation.
I actually had a really good meal here. Not usually a fan of this place, but went in after the concert they sponsered.  Seated immediately and the waiter was prompt and very personable and attentive.  I had a really good rootbeer float type drink made with coconut rum. The food was wonderful.  The brusetta was really good.  A bit loaded and messy, but so good.  I also had the chicken and mac and cheese.  It was really good.  The food was fresh, it had a nice bite to it and was just very tasty. Passed on the dessert, but it also looked wonderful.  We had went in earlier to the store section and the manager there was kind of a hipster d-bag, but the waitstaff made up for my lingering hatred of him.
We came in tired, hungry, and not expecting much given the terrible reviews written about this and all surrounding venues.  The Red whatever Inn had stopped seating at 9:30 and wouldnt seat us at 9:38. We left, very pleasantly surprised, full, and confused by the terrible reviews. To start, our server, Sarah, could not have been bubblier and more helpful. She thoughtfully made recommendations and alerted us to any variations specific to the place (medium burgers being served pink throughout for ex). My boyfriend's Red, White and Blue Burger was good. My Chicken Ceasar (w/o bacon) was solid tho a but heavy on dressing, and my mojito was awesome (thank you bartender-on-duty the night of 8/15/2010!!!). All around, this place is a solid pick for a simple dinner and a yummy drink.
Took a tour to Toronto and stayed at one of the hotels around this area. Decided to hit up HR Cafe. Live music on Fridays. I had the Legendary burger, salad, shake. 3.5/5. Nothing that outstanding but probably the best option around that area.
Sadly, this place is the stereotypical Hard Rock Cafe.   That's not a good thing. Overpriced food, cliche celebrity paraphernalia on the walls, the overpriced food being mediocre, expensive drinks (soft drinks included). I understand this place is located in the tourism area of Niagara Falls in Canada........but come on.  Seriously?
Went there for dinner after a long day walking alone the lake and falls. Ordered NY strip steak cause I was hungry and wanted to treat myself something nice. The food was OK but the service was horrible. 4 waitress were just standing there chatting without noticing me entering the door until I approach them and ask for a table. After sitting down I spent another 10-15 minutes to learn that no one will come to me and take my order until I explicitly asked the bartender over several tables. During the whole half hour I was working on that steak, nobody came to me to ask if everything is OK. After the meal I told the waiter I'm considering some desert, I got the menu and seems they only have icecream, which I am not a big fan. After they confirmed there were no tarimisu or cheese cake, I decided to pass. Hearing this, the waiter literaly throw the the check on my table. And yes I waited like another 5 minutes till I realize I need to get stand up and hand over my credit card myself. Still left 10% tips, I do NOT know why.
Alright, food and service was probably only worth 3 stars. But it was super packed, so totally understandable that it was a bit slow. The food was alright, but nothing amazing. But what was really amazing was there was some birthday party in the other room and they just all broke out in song, and the whole restaurant went up singing Don't Stop Believing. Pretty typical for the stores in this chain, it's the only real name brand place by the Niagra Falls park, the rest are all like small family shops, at least on the American side. So not a bad choice, but if you're going to Canada, there's a TON of places there you might want to check out instead.
