While in Buffalo, my husband insisted we get buffalo wings. It led us here, but this place is a trendy gastropub that's so much more than wings! When we arrived around 7 on a weeknight, we were told we'd have to wait about 25 minutes for a table. Bummer, but OK. We took a seat at the bar and were perusing the beer list when about 5 minutes later, the hostess came to get us and told us a booth had opened up. Great! Of course, we started with wings - some in traditional sauce, some with a rub on them. All were delicious. For dinner, I had the jalapeno burger which was topped with cream cheese and fried goodness. Wow - I couldn't eat the whole thing, but I didn't want to stop. It was just delicious. The beer list was amazingly impressive. Of course, I tried a NY brew unavailable near me - a pumpkin ale coming out of Brooklyn. It got me right in the fall mood - yum. I would highly recommend this to any visitor or local. A great place for dinner.
We love this place! It is consistently good food, with a great beer selection. They carry a variety of local and less local craft beers, with sizes ranging from flights to 22oz. The prices on the beer are quite reasonable, with the exception of the southern tier, which always seems a bit more on the expensive side. I had the mangos steak, which is by far my favorite! It's a open-faced steak sandwich with arugula, goat cheese, tomatoes, a balsamic reduction, and shoe-string onion rings. It now comes with waffle fries. The steak was cooked exactly to my liking, and the sandwich is quite filling. My favorite part is always dessert. We always get the pillows of love, which are worth the slight wait it takes to make them. Small fried dough pieces with Carmel, raspberry, and chocolate drizzled on top with a light dusting of powdered sugar makes for the perfect ending to this great meal! They heat up really well in the oven the next day, so if you're too full, bring them home!
I had heard such good things about this restaurant that I decided to have my 25th birthday dinner with my family there. We made a reservation for 7 people for 7:15pm and requested a table as opposed to a booth as we are all quite tall/big people. When we got there, we were informed that there was an issue with the reservations and the table we needed was currently being occupied by another large party (who took over 1.5 hrs past our reservation to leave). The evening could have been a disaster but the management and staff (particularly our waiter Tucker) were so apologetic and definitely took care of us! First they cleared the bar tab that we had started while we waited. They brought out some appetizers for us that were amazing. I would never have thought to order the corn fritters with maple butter sauce myself. But now that I've had them, I want to eat them every day. We ordered the following meals: banh mi sandwich panko chicken sandwich mangia steak bacon jam burger custom hamburger wild game burger special (that night's was venison) Everything was INCREDIBLE! The waffle fries that came with each meal were perfectly cooked and the portions were huge! Finally, they allowed us to choose some complimentary desserts as well. My favorite was the sticky toffee pudding that they put a little candle in for my birthday! Like I said, this evening could have been a disaster. The staff could have said "Oh well" and stuck us in a booth elbow to elbow and been done with it. However, you can tell that they take pride in there business and really want to make sure everyone has a good experience. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant and will recommend it to all of my friends.
Great beer selection, wonderful wings and burgers (jalapeño cream cheese!) and AMAZING desserts!
I was actually quite surprised to find this place in Buffalo.  Sorry, i don't visit much and never thought Buffalo had good restaurants.  This place was pretty good.  My nieces had the simple burger with cheese, which was far from simple.  Almost made me want to trade her for my steak goat cheese open faced sandwich.
GIGANTIC burgers. Really yummy. Very friendly staff. Perfect stop to grab a bite is you're shopping at the outlet.
Great spot. I had the Jalapeno cream cheese burger and stuffed jalapenos. The menu is great and totally breaks away from WNY's typical "Chicken wings & Beef on weck" which I love but you have to live a bit more dangerously than that. Scott was the bartender, great job. The owners have done a great job with this place....I will definately visit next time I'm back from the west coast!
I went on a vacation to Niagara Falls and thought that I had to stop at Griffon's before heading home. We did exactly that. The food was amazing, besides overeating and feeling sick for the next few hours. The baked potato soup is a must have! I thought the Kickin Scottish egg was on the heavy side. I ordered chicken and waffle sandwich and my husband had the surf and turf. These were both huge, I felt like we could have split one between the two of us. We barely finished our meals. Come to think that we wanted the fritters for the drive home, we didn't even go there...
They offer 50 taps of high quality beer.  You can get 6oz flights, 12oz, 16oz, 22oz.  All are priced great.  The Southern Tier blackwater series always seem a bit overpriced though. Chicken waffle sandwich and the gnocchi poutine are two of my favorites.   The offer a plethora of sides.  My favorites are the poutine fries and the smoked gouda shells. For dessert we get the pillows of love.  They are deep fried dough drizzled with chocolate,  caramel, and strawberry sauces. Service has always been top notch but be sure to call for reservations if you plan of going Friday or Saturday night.
Wow!  We were not expecting to find such a great place to eat in Niagara Falls, especially when we drove up to see a very downscale-looking building in a neighborhood of auto repair businesses. For once, this is a gastropub that seems to live up to the idea of serving top-notch food.  We had bruschetta with bacon jam as an appetizer that was loaded with flavor.  I had the ahi tuna which was perfectly rare and ever-so-lightly dusted with 5-spice powder and served over mixed veg in a sweet-and-spicy chili sauce.  My wife had a napoleon made with crispy wonton skins and Asian slaw with a grilled chicken breast on the side. The only mistake was that I got a different beer than the one I ordered, but it was good anyway. The best part was that I even got to have dessert, which almost never happens for me anymore in restaurants because of my lactose intolerance.  I enjoyed the little deep-fried "Pillows of Love" with chocolate, raspberry, and vanilla sauces, while my wife had a ginormous slice of banana cream cake. Thanks to all the other great reviews on Yelp for steering us to this place!
The food was great, the service was outstanding. I would be a regular at this place if I could! We came in on a Thursday evening with no reservation. There was a bit of a wait, so they told us that we could wait in the reception area or at the bar and they would let us know when a table was ready. We walked up to the bar and asked the bartender if it was OK if our little guy sat at the touch screen game at the end of the bar. He was very nice and said "of course!" We had a seat and ordered a round of drinks, beer for the old guy, makers for me, and a Shirley Temple for my little guy. The bartender (Scott?) was attentive and funny. We were just ordering round two when our table was ready. Chris was our server. He was very knowledgable of the delicious menu. I couldn't decide, and ended up narrowing it down to the stuffed jalapeños, the poutine, and the surf and turf burger. YUM! My son had the Mac and cheese (also really great), and the big guy got the steak sandwich. Believe the reviews, this place is really that good.
First thing's first, we called a few hours ahead of time to make a reservation, which was a smart move because The Griffon is hopping every single night. Even though they're off the beaten path (read: away from tourist traps), that didn't stop us from going to check it out. Okay, multiple high reviews on Yelp helped seal the deal. From start to finish, the night was incredible. The hostess, a sweet young gal with a punk-rock edge, greeted us with a smile and showed us to our table. Our waiter might have been one of the all-time five greatest waiters of my life... The only bad part is, I can't remember his name! He's a muscular dude, brown hair, super helpful? Anyway, he started us off with a "flight" of beers -- four 6oz. sampler glasses of select draught beer. We allowed him to make the recommendations, and he knocked it out of the park; each beer was better than the last. For an appetizer, we split the corn fritters with maple butter, which has to be one of the simplest, yet most ingenious dishes I've ever eaten. The crunch of the savory fritter paired so well with the maple butter's sweetness -- I could have seriously gone through a few plates of these. For dinner, we had the baked halibut with lobster and Jonah crab meat -- basically one delicious fish piled high with two delectable crustaceans. Everything was perfectly cooked, and the trio of protein harmonized like a beautiful song. We also had the Griffon's take on the Croque Monsieur. Their version included smoked turkey, dijon, caramelized pears, bechamel sauce, and Gruyere cheese within the sandwich but also MELTED ON TOP. Pair this with a side of coconut jasmine rice to cut the richness, and I'm in heaven! BUT, we still had to decide on dessert, so it turned out I had not yet reached heaven. That would occur when we were served a gargantuan portion of a dish called "The Chocolate Brownie Peanut Butter Trifle." Words like chocolate and peanut butter cause me to salivate immediately, and the Griffon Pub's co-owner Ken came over to confirm what a wise choice we made. He said, "Look, I'm not a dessert guy, but I took one of these home the other night, and I literally ate it in 10 seconds." While we were busy tackling this massively delicious desert (which took much longer than 10 seconds), we got to know Ken very well. He gave some incredible insights into the restaurant business. Why doesn't he increase his prices, which are already low? Because he wants to attract regulars, people who will come for a night of dinner and not have to worry about breaking the bank. Why does the Griffon operate without a GM or head chef? A seasoned pro, Ken takes on the roles of both (and he does each one impressively well!) while his business partner deals exclusively with the liquor. Ultimately, the food was perfection, the service was top-notch, and getting to know Ken and hearing some of his stories about the business was invaluable. Restauranteurs like Ken are a rare breed. He really cares -- about the customers, his staff, and the food -- and it really shows. I can't wait to return to the area just to have another epic yet affordable meal at The Griffon. I joked with Ken that if his restaurant were in Manhattan, he'd have to quadruple the prices. Ken laughed and said, "That's why we're not in Manhattan." He's a local guy who really cares about his area, and Ken is doing something truly magnificent with The Griffon Pub. So if you're ever in the Buffalo or Niagara NY area, do yourself a HUGE favor and check it out.
When the Village Pub in Lewiston changed hands, I needed to find another place to get my bacon jam burger - so I ventured over to The Griffon Pub. I wasn't disappointed. The maple bourbon bacon jam burger (with a fried egg) is still juicy and delicious - I'd eat it every day if I could. The server told me it takes six hours to make the jam - now that's a lot of work that goes into that. If only there were a way to bottle it up to go. Also tried the sweet corner fritters, which were okay - a little greasy for me, but tasty maple, honey butter sauce. I also like the varying beer sizes that you can get on tap (including a sampler size) - and a great selection. And a nice touch when my blueberry beer came with a handful of blueberries. We've been here for sit down and also used it for takeout - and as long as they have my bacon jam, I'll be back.
What an awesome pub!  Was crossing the border to do some shopping with some friends and needed some much need eats on our way back at 8:30pm at night.  We stopped in after hearing how good it was....and it was!   We ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the Surf and Turf Burgers.  Wow the portions were huge.  The chicken breast was perfectly fried and tasted amazing with the bacon, syrup and waffles.  The Surf and Turf burger was huge with a crab cake on top of a thick beef burger topped with fried onions.  The regular fries that come with the dishes were also delicious with spices and aioli sauce on it. We almost couldn't finish everything but it was just too good to let it go to waste!  Must come back!
Really good food, extensive beer list,  excellent service,  and the worst booth benches ever. Replace them for that fifth star rating.
Our main waitress was extremely friendly but pretty pushy with our beverage choices. Our beverage deliverer was also extremely friendly and stayed a few minutes to chat about babies (we had one with us.) Speaking of, our baby got fussy and no one made us feel bad or unwelcome while we calmed him. There is no change table in the men's restroom. As we were leaving the front wheel on our stroller popped off. The two employees at the front of the restaurant came outside and helped us get it back on. They were crazy helpful. The food was different and very good. The atmosphere was super cool.
The food here is different and delicious! Pub food and a large non-pub menu. Huge portions! Great prices. I would eat here again and again and again, except Arkansas is a long way from Niagara Falls. Highly recommended!
There's more to buffalo/niagara falls than Cheesecake Factory, outlet mall and warden galleria for us Canadians escaping the ridiculous sales tax and expensive mediocre food.... Along military road right past the Kmart is this magnificence low key bar/burger place, upon driving into the parking lot I didn't have high expectations of this place but looking at the menu they have quite a variety of burgers that you would never find in toronto like their chicken n waffle sandwich which was amazing altho the waffle could have been a little bit more toasted, it tasted amazing....chicken was beautifully battered and tender, on the side it came with fries with garlic  aleoi dressing over it which was amazing, portions are enormous that only cost a mere $12 We also ordered the surf n turf burger which is pan fried lobster mixes together with a crab cake and a 1/4 burger!!!!!!!!!!!! It's gigantic I could barely fit it in my mouth in fact I had to compress the burger in order to fit it in my mouth, this is one of the most unique burgers I've tasted, it only cost $13 with fries and pickle included.....I was only able to finish half of the burger and the other half was for lunch Servers were very tentative and friendly In addition they have a variety of beers offered Will come back indefinitely as the wifey enjoyed it too
Went shopping for the day and decided to check yelp to see if there were any good places to eat in the area. I'm so glad I withheld and didn't eat crappy mall food! The food and the service was fantastic! I would rate the highly reccommended 'surf and turf' burger as one of the best I've ever had! Hubby had the also-highly-rated chicken and waffle sandwich, which he also swears by. Great prices! (Where are u paying 4.00 for a bottle of corona in a pub / restaurant in Toronto?) I wish there was a place like this closer to home. Thinking again, maybe it's better that it isn't too close to home! This will now be a mandated stop every time I'm travel to, from and through niagara.
Super cute place, close to the outlets. Perfect spot to relax after a long day of outlet shopping. The food was great and very filling, and the beer list was very impressive. If we lived closer we would definitely be regulars here!
Found this place based on Yelp review and it was as advertised.  I drove by it first time going by, across from UHaul as a landmark. Great unique menu.  Waitress was great, when I asked for a recommendation she called one of the items "life changing" Food was great.  I will return when I come back to the area.
Amazing! Everything you get there is incredible. I really recommend their house putine. Also, shout out to Jordan. He's the nicest, friendliest server!
We stopped here on our way through Niagra with 3 kids based on the Yelp reviews.  The place is awesome.  Great food, 50 beers on tap, amazing staff and a combination of brass lanterns hanging above the bar and HD TV.  We loved it, kids loved.
Okay, so let me just say that finding good food in the Niagara Falls/Grand Island area is near impossible it seems.  Growing up on Grand Island, we would pretty much always head into Amherst or Buffalo for good local pub grub.  But The Griffon is an outstanding contender. The parents were out of town, so the bf and I got stuck dog sitting on GI.  My dad knows one of the cooks and has been telling me to try The Griffon.  Between that and the numerous amazing reviews here on Yelp, we decided to pay them a visit. I made a reservation at about 4pm for a 6:30 table.  The hostess had to move some stuff around (a good sign) for us.  When we got in, the place was full, and the hostess made a comment about how they are getting booked left and right for tables. The service was very attentive.  Almost too attentive, as the waitress came over before we had a chance to really even look at the beer.  She brought us water while we perused the wide and impressive selection on craft beers.  I went for the Mill Street Cobblestone Stout, since despite being an Ontario/TO brewery, I have never seen it locally.  The bf went with a B Nektar mead, which is an amazing brewery in Michigan that is near impossible to ever find on draught locally (the only other place being Cole's one random night).  Anyway, they offer all different sizes for the beers as well as flights of 6 oz as well, so you definitely have a lot of options. Anyway, we got our drinks and ordered food.  I got the chicken and waffle sandwich, and the bf got the panko chicken.  My chicken and waffle sandwich was fantastic.  It was excellently crafted with tons of salty, savory, and sweet flavors.  Chicken, bacon, Wisconsin cheddar, jalapeno cole slaw, and spicy maple mayo.  To die for.  It was literally so delicious.  The waffle itself was a chive waffle, so the whole dish was just packed with flavor.  I opted for the sweet potato fries with honey butter side rather than the house fries with garlic aioli.  I did try one of the fries with the aioli and it was very delicious, but I really enjoyed my sweet potato fries. Overall, it was a stellar meal.  The prices were very, very reasonable.  If you're in NF, definitely check out the Griffon as it rivals Blue Monk and other gastropubs for sure.  If you aren't, well it's worth the trip for sure.  We will definitely be back!!
They bill themselves as a gastro-pub and they nailed it! I had red snapper over coconut ginger jasmine rice. The snapper was perfectly done and the rice would been have fantastic by itself. My wife had roasted strawberry salad which was a hearty combo of arugula strawberries almonds bacon .... Oh yeah and goat cheese 'croquettes'. You gotta try those. We had their bacon jam bruschetta also. And their bacon jam should be sold in jars from the premises....we can hope:) Service was attentive and enthusiastic while the place was mobbed, as it will remain if they keep this up
We stopped here for lunch on our way to and back from Canada. I guess you can tell we liked it the first time enough to come back for seconds! We arrived at opening both times, so we had our pick of tables. We chose a booth even though from reading previous reviews, I knew they were going to be a little lumpy. They were. Our server(s) were very friendly and attentive on both occassions. Everyone that came through the door got an immediate greeting. We had a pretty good idea what we were going to get from reading other reviews. Here's the run down for both trips. Apps... Bacon Jam Crostini..We enjoyed this very much. Not your typical app. The saltiness of the yummy bacon jam and gorgonzola cheese were offset nicely by the arugula and roasted tomatoes Kickin' Scotch Eggs.. the sausage had a nice kick to it. Nice and crispy on the outside. The egg inside was a bit overdone. Sweet Corn Fritters....These were so delicious and fluffy on the inside while light and crispy on the outside. We loved them! We ordered them again on the return trip and were sadly disappointed. They looked and tasted very different the second time. Much smaller and denser, like maybe the baking powder or soda was forgotten? Pub Poutine...our first of many poutines on our trip. Seems like poutine is on EVERY menu! This was a fine version. Entree... Gnocchi Poutine..The menu says it is life changing! Well, I wouldn't quite go that far, but it was pretty good. I would have liked a little more cheese and gravy. I was really full from the apps and had a big portion wrapped to go that I never got to eat. My son didn't want the pickle that came with his sandwich and very "kindly" put it on my plate. I didn't notice it got wrapped with my gnocchi leftovers until I went to heat it up 2 days later. You can see where this is going!  Everything tasted like pickle, so it ended up in the garbage. Sniff Sniff :-( Chicken & Waffle Sandwich..After seeing so many pics and reviews on Yelp for this, we knew it was a must try. It was ordered with the root beer baked beans since we ordered poutine as an app. This did not disappoint. The serving was large. The chicken crisp and juicy. The coleslaw had a nice kick and the baked beans were delicious!! Panko Chicken Sandwich...my son ordered this and loved it!  I tried it and thought it was quite good too. He ordered the smoked gouda shells and cheese as his side which was delicious!! He liked  it so much, he ordered it as his entree on the return visit. Smoked Gouda Shells & Cheese... what is better than a side of smoked gouda shells & cheese? A whole plate of it...that's what!  This is indeed a winner. Very creamy and delicious. Bacon Jam Burger..I had this on my return visit. It was a big, juicy, delicious mess of a burger!! The meat itself was nice and juicy. Add the bacon jam, gorgonzola and egg and you have one hell of a burger!! I ordered it with a side of black & tan onion rings which were crispy, delicious, and STOLEN by greedy hands around me!! Chicken Wings from the Pub Menu...Very good wings. Crisp outside while still tender on the inside. Don't you hate to bite into a wing and find it all dried out inside?! Not the case here. They do wings right. Aside from the lumpy booth and the inconsistent corn fritters, I still consider this place a winner and would love to return.
Awesome place, interesting menu, suburb service.  My friends and I are regulars. We love the griffon pub!
Upon approach I was slightly concerned about view of the landfill and the ho hum neighborhood. Once inside my world was rocked. First and foremost, most definitely make a reservation. We watched countless diners be turned away over the course of a few hours. The decor is right on the mark, beer list is fantastic and there is no way you are going to have an easy time deciding what to eat from their eclectic, reasonably priced menu. We settled on bacon jam bruschetta, beer battered fish fry with garlic aioli fries, gnocchi poutine and cheesecake with all sorts of brownie goodness and nuts stuffed in it. Not one thing disappointed. The only heads up I will give potential diners coming in from out of town is that this is away from the tourist attractions. You won't be walking to the falls after a nice dinner. Its a 5-10 minute drive. Would go again in a heartbeat though.
Ok so I "yelped" restaurants in the area where we were shopping and I never expected to find a place with food as good as this!!! This is some of the best food I have ever had period and I am a foodie! Quality ingredients with great flavour pairings make this place a destination restaurant. We live 3 hours away and I can see us taking the drive to come back to this place. We had dinner there and the wife had Smoked Gouda Shells & Cheese and I had the Kona Coffee Hanger Steak, the pasta was to die for and the steak is as good if not even better than some $100 steaks at high end steak houses. We loved our dinner so much that we couldn't wait to go back for lunch..... Just as good!! the wife had the chicken and waffles and I had the bacon jam burger..... both to die for ... My only regret is not being able to stay longer so we could try even more of the menu :-(. a must must must go to place!
Awesome place the service was awesome. Super attentive the food was a lot and delicious. The desert should come with a warning of how good but delicious it is. This place is a must to definitely go and enjoy.
Good lord was the Philly steak sandwich good. I've yet to have a truly delicious Philly until my visit here. Highly recommended if you're in the area!
The Griffon has 50 taps of craft beer in this medium sized restaurant.  The menu is very eclectic with items on it that I never saw anywhere else.  The food was as tasty as the beer was.   The staff was very friendly and know a lot about the beer. There is nothing quite like this restaurant in the falls or anywhere else in WNY.  I recommend you check it out.
What a discovery! The dark-wood interior, impressive and always-changing array of taps (for BF) and Pepsi products (for me) make this spot an instant winner. The menu has creativity & in-house freshness, and our orders tonight - the Chicken & Waffles SANDWICH with some delicious toppings (chipotle maple mayo? jalapeno coleslaw? EPIC!), the Canadians-would-be-proud Pub Poutine, and simple but fresh house salad were all terrific & satisfying. And straight out of our summer 2013 adventures in Scotland, we had to get the Sticky Toffee Pudding (To go...the meal was quite filling. Haven't dug in yet, but looking forward to it!) A wonderful first experience, and the menu has us excited to go back soon and try something new. Sure to be high on our list of repeat dining spots. Highly recommended. Can't wait to bring friends.
The pub was clean the service was great. I had the chicken tenders and they were the best I have ever ate. They were fresh and the batter was great. My wife had a mangia steak sandwich. It was an open sandwich that was unique & flavorful. We would definitely come back.
This place is fantastic...we have been disappointed in the food since we have been in Niagara and The Griffon Pub changed that for us. I had the surf and turf Burger with Garlic fries and my husband had the Chicken and Waffles.....both were fantastic and I can say enough about them. The star was the Mac and cheese. Made with Gouda cheese..,.simply heaven.  This place is a must try for anyone in Niagara looking for amazing food on a smaller budget.
This place is amazing truly hidden in the falls. The waitstaff was polite, friendly and just overall good people made conversation because they wanted to not because the HAD to. The food that's a whole other story not thing was bad everything was good and fresh and flavorful. If your in the Niagara Falls area this is a must!!!
Food was very good. Service was decent. We had the buffalo deviled eggs, lobster gruyere shells and the chicken and waffle sandwich. Son had potstickers. Food was great, little on pricey end, but enjoyable, nonetheless. Back to service, I could have been grumpy from driving all day. ( : cut through everything--for a wonderful evening, go to this place. You will have a treat of an evening.
A hidden gem in a largely bad resturant scene in Niagara Falls. Lots of good craft beers, decadent and imaginative menu items.  Definitely worth having a meal there if you're in Niagara.
OMFG. My husband and I are visiting from Seattle, WA and were able to get in a date night while out here. Us Pacific North Westerners pride ourselves in being food snobs, and I've had some good eats. But this place was AMAZING. First of all, we love beer. So the beer selection was impressive. Second of all, I could not decide what in the heck to eat as it all sounded delicious, so I asked the waiter (honestly can't remember his name, but he was great) what he would pick. He suggested the chicken gruyere, so that's what I had. FREAKING GOOD. But first we had the Devil's on a Horse Pick and the fresh jalapeno poppers. I "accidentally" ate one of my husbands horse picks because they were delicious and I wanted another. I played dumb when he confronted me. The dessert. My God, the dessert. I know that they get it from a local bakery, so it's not always the same. They have a great selection though. I ended up with this insanely huge portion of a brownie/peanut butter pie concoction that if I were to finish I would have fell into a coma. Expect to spend about a hundred here if you are planning on a 3 course meal and drinks, but it is WELL worth your money. We almost went somewhere else that was dressier but once I saw the menu online I was sold and we couldn't have been happier with our decision!!!
Just had the most delicious lunch here. I had the Panko chicken sandwich. OMG. So good!! The honey bourbon chipotle sauce was amazing. Hubby had the surf&turf burger.  It was a crab and lobster cake in top of a burger. He loved it. They also have 50 beers on tap.
My family and I stopped in for dinner this evening and it was great. They have a pretty extensive draft been selection with plenty of domestics in bottles to please anyone's palette. The atmosphere was pleasant and the restaurant had a modern feel to it. I would recommend the surf and turf burger and the mac and cheese for the little ones. Overall, it was yummy.
I would definitely come back if I make it back to the area. This is your typical pub when it comes to the atmosphere: loud, happy patrons, friendly and efficient staff, excellent beer choices with 50 of them on tap. The point of difference is the food. They call themselves a gastro pub and they are right to do so. They serve top notch 5 stars restaurant dishes: steak, seafood, pasta and upgraded pub fares: burgers, fried finger foods with excellent presentation and outstanding flavor combinations. This is a must when in the area.
Such an amazing restaurant. I've been here twice so far and both times have been amazing. The most recent time I ordered the gnocchi poutine: slow cooked pulled pork with smoked gouda on top of delicious gnocchi, what more could anyone ask for. Lauren ordered the spicy black bean burger with mushrooms, which was also good- and they're not kidding about the spicy bit, either! Both times we've gone we've ordered the gluten-free chocolate cake for dessert, which is among the greatest desserts I've ever had. Definitely gives chocolate bar's gluten free cake a run for its money, perhaps even surpasses it, and that's saying a lot. The beer selection is great too, plenty of beers on tap, and though I have not tried it personally it appears you can create your own "flight" of samples. The ambience is great. People are generally somewhat dressed up but others are quite casual. Overall there's a pretty easy going vibe. The reception and waitstaff are great. Reservations definitely recommended!
It's been a while since I've been to a restaurant and everything was excellent. We stopped here after a long afternoon at the falls and everything was great. The staff was all very friendly. There weren't many people there when we walked in and were seated right away. It got pretty busy by the time we left but it didn't seem crowded or loud. Everything we ordered was very good but the chicken fingers stood out. Fresh and homemade. Definitely going to go back to try some more.
Arrived at Niagara Falls in the late evening with my family. Found this place on yelp and decided to give it a shot due to the good variety of the good. Got the baked potato soup recommended by others on yelp and it was great! Also got grilled salad with tuna, crab cake etc and everything was great. Got a flight for my dad. 4 different small beers of your choice. Very interesting! Overall a very nice experience. Very friendly service too! Thanks so much!
Kona coffee hangar steak was gastronomically fabulous. My hubby had the elk burger equally delicious. You have to cone in-the service is excellent. This is an above average pub
Stopped in with my husband and son about 4 pm recently and was quickly stopped by a snotty girl at the front. "Do you have a reservation? " I looked at all the empty tables and said "No I'm sorry we dont" "Well!", she said. I just stood there while she glared and whispered. I said "Can we still get a table?  There are tons available. " "Nope and it's at least a 45 min wait!" "Well I don't understand Noone is here" "I said it's a 45 min wait!" She shrugged. Rude at the door and Idc how good their food is.  Won't go back. Learn customer service or you won't make it!
Vacationing in the Niagara area and looking for a great pub? Food was amazing- prices were decent and our server, Cory, was amazing! What an awesome place! My husband and I recommend the chicken and waffle sandwich and the mangia steak sandwich! Incredible! Great beer menu too! Wish we had a place like this by us!
Absolutely fantastic. If you are in the Niagara area be sure to check this out. Great beer list, great food, really fun atmosphere.
Need a reason to leave your Allentown, Hertel, Blackrock food comfort zones? Well this is it. We'll start with the drinks. They have a full bar and over 40 (that i counted) craft beers....maybe more. Some very good beer choices to boot, not 15 different kinds of Budweiser products. All the appetizers looked great, I went with the potato soup and its was one of the best I have ever had. I had a difficult time choosing what to order due to the number of entrees I was drawn to. I went with the Chicken and Waffle Sandwich. Its no way a sandwich, its fork and knife massive. The flavor was bold and perfect. No room for dessert. I went with a 2 and 4 year old and the staff handled that flawlessly by providing a coloring book and crayons and bringing out their dinners (yes they have a child's menu) with our appetizers. I did not find down side to this place. I recommend a reservation as its not the largest gastropub. Griffon Pub is the reason to wander down the 190 to Niagara Falls even if you're not showing someone from out of town The Falls.
It looks like any other pub from the outside. I expected typical bar food.  We ordered wings, house salad, steak cheese nachos and some beers. We were surprised!  The food was actually good, the seasoning and freshness! Brad was our server with great customer service. He gave great suggestions and was not your typical pushy upselling server which was very nice. He had a very pleasant personality. The pricing was average. Overall, we would come back for the food and the service.
We.had a great meal.  We shared the calamari, Buffalo deviled eggs and crab dip.  We shared the bacon jam burger, chicken and waffles sandwich and the steak.  They were all outstanding.   Jordan was our waiter and was so much fun.  Ask for him.    Highly recommend eating here
It was amazing. I don't know what more to say. Jordan was our server, very nice guy. He recommended the chicken and waffle sandwich and the jam burger. We got them, it was incredible. The fries and aioli were swell. The stuffed jalapeños were fresh and fiery. It was a good life decision going here.
Tasty! In town for work and we were happy to luck into this pub for lunch. I had the beef on weck (when in Buffalo...) and my coworker had the shrimp po boy. Beef was flavorful and tender, cook perfectly, and the waffle fries were great - coated in masa and extra crunchy. Service was friendly and efficient and there was sweet tea - can't ask for more!
Griffon Pub, plopped in the middle of Military Rd in Niagara Falls, stands in stark contrast to its surroundings. Even though the restaurant would still hold its own in Buffalo, its status as a "diamond in the rough" has probably resulted in more attention being called to this establishment than if it were opened in the city. This does not, however, take away from its quality, impressive beer list, and creatively-delicious food offerings. The beer list is FANTASTIC, especially when it's laid down next to a beautiful food menu.Seeing crazy low prices next to some of my favorite local craft breweries made me nearly giddy with excitement on my first visit. Most brews are also offered in three sizes, so it's feasible to try a few different things without becoming (too) tipsy. Beer aficionados definitely need to check this place out. The menu is well-balanced with enough options to satisfy most cravings without being overwhelming. The first time I went I had the chicken and waffle sandwich and split a round of poutine fries (mmmm poutine) with a friend. Sadly, the fries were terribly over-seasoned and borderline inedible. The cheese curds were too small and failed to add any flavor to the gooey pile. I walked away without much desire to go back for the food, and vowed that my next visit would be alcohol-exclusive. A hungry friend and a rumbling stomach caused my  vow to be made null a couple months later. Happily, though, I was much more pleased with my meal this time around and my poor poutine experience was completed forgotten. I had the creatively constructed Croque Monsieur sandwich, whose contrasting sweet and savory flavor profiles worked really well together. The garlic-parmesan fries on the side were a great complement to the sweet pears on the sandwich, while still offering their own unique kick of flavor to the meal. The ambiance is cozily passable, even if it is diluted by uncomfortable, springy booths. Service was great both times, but coincidentally the server was also the same, so I'm not sure how other servers compare. I love seeing places like this pop up in areas they wouldn't normally be expected. I would recommend Griffon Pub based on its quality alone, but I would HIGHLY encourage everyone in the nearby vicinity to check out this restaurant in order to help support culinary progress in Niagara Falls.
If you want to try something new without the battle of parking issues or hassles of downtown B'lo.....here is the place...Everything was done perfectly.  Their unique menu holds many items that will be bringing you back until you have tried it all...  The four of us had the Buffalo chicken deviled eggs and bacon jam brochetta for starters...they were all wonderful.  The bacon jam is so different and unique, I had to ask for the ingredients.  Our entrée's arrived in perfect time and immediately devoured.  The only suggestion at the table was regarding the chicken n waffle sandwich.  My friend thought it was too messy and if the jalapeño slaw was served on the side the problem would be solved.  We will be going back.  Oh did I mention the 50 beers on tap?   Yes, and the beer was equally appealing.  I had the peach lambic...sigh..perfection.
If you're looking for a new contender for the title of "Best Burger of WNY," we've got ourselves a definite candidate! Opened in November of 2013, the Griffon Pub boasts a huge beer selection and a creative menu with plenty of affordable small bites, sandwiches, burgers and entrees. I came here to celebrate my friend's 75th birthday. This guy's favorite restaurant is Applebee's and he is not keen on spending over $15 for a meal (do you have any older friends like that?), so we were already fighting an uphill battle when he struggled to understand their fancy-shmancy Gastropub menu and gawked at their $15-25 entree prices. He was also looking to eat his last cut of steak before starting a meatless diet, so the pressure was on! We ordered him a 10oz rare cut of their Hanger Steak and hoped for the best. 25 minutes later, our food came out. His steak was already pre-sliced, obviously rare inside served alongside with mashed potatoes and another side. He bit into it and was delighted. Just as we'd hoped, the food was so good that he forgot he was eating at some new fancy place. I asked to try a piece and loved the spices of the meat and it was cooked perfectly rare! Fellow yelpers, feel good in knowing that their Hanger Steak entree is absolutely delightful. Phew. Now I could focus on my own meal. I got myself a surf & turf burger which came with fresh cut fries. It was a glorious concoction (thanks Debi P for the suggestion!) filled with a lobster/crab cake and about ~1/2lb of ground Chuck and sirloin. It was masterfully presented (see photo) and the flavors layered and stood out.nMy only complaint being the burger was cooked more medium well rather than medium/medium rare as originally requested, but it was still delicious and juicy. I'd order a burger here again in a heartbeat. Oh, and sidenote: they have a VEGAN burger which is a house made mixture of black beans, jalapenos..etc. My fiance ordered it and was generally very pleased (and it's not too spicy for those afraid that it's titled Spicy Vegan burger)! The service we received was friendly and prompt, but they could have been better about refilling water for our group (or put a pitcher on our table). We also came at a very not-busy time at 3pm so I could see things taking a lot longer around peak times. If you're looking to find a place for a date, a casual outing with friends, enjoy a sports game at the bar or are a beer lover in general, consider coming out to Niagara Falls and the Griffon Pub. Already popular among the locals, my only hope is that the influx of summer tourists don't make this place inaccessible (and the food quality doesn't deteriorate). Keep it up and bravo!
During a marathon trip to the Canadian side of the Falls we needed a place to eat before to began our journey back to Connecticut.   Griffon's Gastropub was the perfect end to a great time.  We found it on Yelp and were pleasantly surprised.   Our waiter was very friendly,  the menu was eclectic to say the least and we ended our meal with a dessert to go.  Food is made to order so there was a little bit of a wait but all good.  If ever in the area again will definitely return.
After our last visit to Griffons that was kind of a disaster, we decided to give it another shot, and boy are we glad we did!  We went last night and arrived about 4 for dinner.  We were starving and it was only 11 degrees outside with lots of wind.   We moved here about six years ago and our home town is Columbia, Md, so we were used to pretty good food options from Balto to DC.  The food quality we experienced at Griffons last night beat any place we had ever eaten even in the Md area!  And needless to say, being from Md, we are Crab addicts.  Our appetite for it knows no limits. Well, we had a crab evening indeed.  We started with the Blue crab dip and also had the two fantastic crab and lobster cakes.  Both were outrageously delicious, and we ooed and awed with each bite.  And the wonderful waiter Ryan brought us a dish of Old Bay seasoning and we were sure we were back on the Bay on the Eastern Shore of Md eating at a picnic overlooking the Bay. For our main course, we ordered the Dungeness Crab legs and dipped them in butter and Old Bay and we were in Heaven!  Every bite was glorious and the portion sizes were HUGE.  Outrageously good fries and onion rings...which we dipped in....yep. Old Bay! Coffee.....delicious!  I had three NA's.  Brewed in Rochester. The bathrooms were beautifully redone with a fireplace in each one.  Warm, spotless and cozy!  Our waiter Ryan was the best waiter.....EVER!  He chatted with us and we enjoyed him so much.  Want him to meet our beautiful granddaughter from Md....smile  And ladies, he IS single! Ken the owner came in and we got to meet him and he chatted with us for a long time....even though he was in a rush.  He shared stories with us of the area, even recommending other good restaurants in the area.  We want to visit his Pub in our favorite town of Lewiston soon.  ALL the waitresses smiled at us each time they walked by.  The atmosphere was so relaxing and the staff and food of fantastic, we stayed three and a half hours.  We made sure we took good care of our waiter for staying and taking up a table for such a long time. Thank God we gave Griffons a second chance.  This will now be our "go to" home away from home from now on!  They make you feel like family and the food is so good........the BEST.  Can't wait to go again and try other options, though those crab legs......gotta have THEM many times!  When the family arrives from Md, THIS is the place we will take them to for good crab!  Actually for good ANYTHING. All the kinks from being a new restaurant are now ironed out and it is the best restaurant we have eaten at since we came here six years ago.  Go and try it.  You will be hooked like we are!  And you won't be disappointed!  They go to great lengths to make all customers happy.  And do a darn good job too!
The Griffon Pub has been on my list to check out for a while now.  Unfortunately, I'm rarely in Niagara Falls.  In addition, the time I was in Niagara Falls, it was due to a dinner reservation at the casino to use up about-to-expire-comp points. Despite the aforementioned, I was insistent on making a quick stop here.  We arrived on a late Saturday afternoon, around 4-4:30 pm.  There were only 1-2 tables open, but we wanted to sit at the bar anyways.  The bar was even busier, every seat was filled; except two empty ones in the far right corner.  We quickly snatched up the last two seats, surrounded by the others watching the March madness games. Our bartender, Chris, was extremely welcoming.  He offered us tastings until we narrowed down which craft brew we wanted to order.  Their beer selection = outstanding!! Their price = even better!! We each had two different ones, and among the 4 total purchased, I noticed some on our bill for only $3 & $4! You can't beat that price for anything better than domestic, almost anywhere.  If you can, let me know, because I am currently unaware.  Most of the beers on tap here (50!), would run you about $5-$7 elsewhere. Since we were going to be having dinner in a couple hours, we opted to just grab a small bite off their appetizer menu.  We settled on the Ahi Tuna Tostadas ($12).  The flavors in every bite were explosive and delicious.  Although, I had two complaints:  they only gave you three, which for $12 I felt was a little underwhelming, and its an odd number - difficult to split if you're sharing your app.  Also, they were rather complex to devour.  Too large to bite the tostada, but when you attempted to "cut" in half, the whole thing disassembled on the plate.   I loved the décor and atmosphere.  It was on the darker side, with candles and sconces covering the walls.  The wood and ceiling tiles offered a rustic, yet up to date look. As we left, people were beginning to pile in for dinner. I heard the hostess tell another couple the wait was over an hour; I would definitely recommend reservations! I can't wait to come back for a more formal dining experience.  I wish this was anywhere but Niagara Falls, so I could come more conveniently.
Went here with my gf after shopping down the road at the outlet stores...and everything was excellent! I had the shrimp po' boy with onion rings and she got the panko chicken sandwich with poutine fries. There wasn't a single thing we didn't love about what we ate. Beer (50 drafts on tap) selection is outstanding and the menu has some great/unique options as well. We will definitely come here again the next time we visit Niagara Falls! 100% recommended...best place we ate at all week!!
I graduated from Niagara University in 2012 and every time I am back in town I make sure to make a stop here. I was an avid Lewiston Pub patron, and followed them to the Griffon. First things first, the owner Ken is a class act. It is no wonder that there are so many loyal patrons, because they take such good care of everyone. Him and the hostesses/wait staff (Jordan is our favorite) are so much fun while still very down to earth and professional. They are able to accommodate just about any request, no matter how crazy it might seem (large parties, menu substitutions, etc.) There are so many unique menu options, whether you are craving something light (so many awesome salads), hearty (Loaded baked potato soup), or just thirsty. My sister and I both ordered drinks first. The beer selection is out of this world (with over 50 on tap, and a large bottle selection as well). The wine choices are extensive as well. For an app, we decided to split the Roasted Strawberry salad. This comes with panko breaded goat cheese, slivered almonds, applewood smoked bacon, grilled chicken and fresh house roasted strawberries on spring mix/arugula. SO delicious. Plus, the dressing list is filled with a great variety that will make anyone happy. We chose the Red balsamic which went perfectly with the strawberries and creamy goat cheese. We also got a basket of the garlic parm fries on the side. Love that flavor combo, just be sure to eat them when they first come out. For our entree we had the Mangia Steak Sandwich. Steak was cooked perfectly and served with cherry tomatoes, arugula and crispy onions open faced. As a side, we had to have the Gouda mac and cheese...can't eat at the Griffon without it. SO creamy and smoky with bacon in it as well. Can't go wrong. Finally, for dessert we had the Bronx Bomber Cheesecake (Go Yankees!) It had an awesome chocolate crust and we opted to get more of the roasted strawberries all over it which took it to a whole new level. Only things less than perfect about this place: limited parking, and a long wait for a table if you do not call ahead with a reservation. But based on what I've already mentioned, it is no surprise that this place is always poppin, so just plan ahead!
We stayed in Niagara Falls, NY overnight while on a road trip to Ontario.  We wanted some place that was not a typical chain restaurant, so got on Yelp to check out the local fair.  After seeing pictures of the food for The Griffon Pub, we decided that we had to give this place a try.  We were very impressed with this place.  The building is small and unassuming, but what they have inside is huge flavors and great people.  We started with the calamari and the buffalo chicken deviled eggs, both of which were tremendous.  For our main courses, we ordered medium wings, the Chicken and Waffle sandwich and the Bacon Jam burger.  Everything was ridiculous (in a good way)!!!!  The wings had just the right amount of heat.  The chicken and waffle sandwich was done better than other similar sandwiches that we've had.  The bacon jam burger had a perfectly fried egg and this wonderful maple bacon jam on top of a juicy cheeseburger! I loved the décor of the little pub, and the staff was extremely nice!  I will definitely go back if we are in the Niagara area again.  I highly recommend The Griffon Pub to anyone who is vacationing in or just travelling through Niagara Falls, NY.  Make sure that you are hungry when you go because you definitely get a lot of wonderful food to eat!
This isn't the most amazing place you will ever go, but it is the best place you will eat at in Niagara Falls therefore I am giving it the full five stars. The service is incredible -- we had multiple bartenders chatting us up and asking if we needed anything.   I love the beer selection and hopefully they will get even more ciders on tap, especially since we have so many local places making them.   Keep being awesome. You're my new go-to spot after shopping at the outlets.
We started with stuffed jalapeños.  Caution: THEY ARE HOT!! Oh and absolutely delicious!  For dinner my husband had the panko chicken sandwich with fries and garlic aoli. I had bacon and smoked gouda cheeseburger with gouda mac n cheese. The waiter was amazing. He was so sweet with our baby and very personable with us. The beer selection is amazing and with a four beer sampler, you can't go wrong. Really, this is my favorite place in the area. Niagara Falls needed this place badly. I hope it does as well as it should.
For a gastropub: 5 stars. Let me disclose that I am friends with and do business with the owners. I can, however, give you an unbiased review. So, a gastropub.  Great, creative food and a lot of beer? Well, they hit the nail on the head. 50 beers on tap. Great bottled selection. Knowledgable bartenders. There's your beer part. Check. So food.... here's where most gastropubs miss.  The Griffon Gastropub does not. First off, they offer a wide variety of options ranging from entrees of seafood, gnocci, steak, chicken to burgers and sandwiches, to salads and an extensive and unrivaled list of appetizers that can serve as meals if you so choose. What do I like on the menu?  The Salmon Burger, Ahi Tuna Tostadas, Jalepeno Cream Cheese Burger, croque monseur, and gnocci poutine. Realistically, it's all good.  I've had almost all of it. You will not go wrong with the food here. Portions are plentiful, the garlic-parm fries are flavorful and delicious, and if you see anything on the menu that mentions "crispy onion nest or onion frizzles," that is going to be good choice. What absolutely astonishes me about this place is how much volume a small (physically, it's %^&* small) kitchen puts out and how quickly they do it.  Repeat customers to the Griffon come to eat, because they know what they are in for. It's mind boggling how much food they output. One thing I will warn you about is that for dinner, you must make a reservation. It's not a requirement, but, I'm telling you to. They get busy. This place is no secret, and has a fantastic reputation already amidst a booming area of development unfortunately plagued by chain restaurants. Just so you know this an unbiased review, I will say something I don't like. The corn fritters. Just not my thing. Here's another thing, the booths can be a little wobbly and uncomfortable. It depends which one you get. My understanding is that the plan is to replace them. Realistically though, I usually sit at the bar when I'm there and I don't care what my seat feels like on my butt when I'm stuffing my face with such deliciousness.
Having been to France, and to know what a Croque Monsieur is, I must say I was excited to get this. However, the sandwich was so soggy it fell apart, and the pears were rotten. To my dismay, it was not eaten. The Parmesan Garlic fries were undercooked and soggy as well. The only thing that was good was my mixed drink. My friend asked for a water and she was served one with a lemon, I asked for one and I ended up with a wet glass with no lemon. My friend even asked for her burger to be cooked medium rare and ended  up with well done. In addition a waitress dropped things: food, plates, and trays on 3 separate occasions while we were there. Maybe it is because they are new that the restaurant needs help. Perhaps a trip to the Cordon Bleu cooking school is in order.
Went for lunch with the family, was an outstanding meal with spot-on service. The house fries are amazing, so if they're a side be sure to keep them...if they aren't a side, you'd be smart to get them anyways. The burgers are amazing (you can taste the quality), and, though the extra toppings don't exactly make me feel warm and fuzzy about the price, the taste certainly does. I'd say the biggest problem I (and the rest of my family for the matter) had was that we wanted to try everything. That being said, I'd only go if you're more than prepared to make [several] return trips.
Incredible! Review over. In all seriousness, this may very well be my favorite restaurant in Western NY. The Griffon Pub boasts over 50 beers on tap along with a creative and sophisticated menu. 100% pure gastropub. As you walk though the doors you'll quickly notice how the Griffon Pub marries casual and class effortlessly. It's a nice place, but not arrogant.  For decor, Griffon presents itself as a modern European style pub -  beautiful tin ceiling, dark hardwood floors, stylish lighting fixtures, etc - but anybody who is familiar with the area knows that not too long ago the structure housed a mediocre dingy Italian restaurant. Each member of our party started with the baked potato soup. Absolutely stunning. Real bacon,  tender potatoes, chives, garlic in a delightful cheddar bisque. As someone who does not normally enjoy soup I found each spoonful to be a triumph for my taste buds. For my meal I ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich. This sandwich consists of a Belgian waffle sliced in half with a spiced buttermilk battered fried chicken breast, jalapeno cole slaw, smoked bacon, shredded cheddar and spicy maple mayonnaise.  Pure awesomeness.  This sandwich was incredible. The waffle -  fluffy, yet slightly crisp. The chicken - juicy and deep fried perfectly. The spicy maple mayo along with the slaw was the perfect tag team to take this sandwich to the next level. SUPERB! My wife enjoyed the Surf and Turf Burger. This is a well seasoned burger sandwiched with a lobster crab cake. I won't go into much detail on this. Check out her review (Debi P) for the full lowdown. This one is a contender for best burger in Western NY. So how's the beer? They have over 50 different brews on tap. If you can't find something you like here then there's really no pleasing you. I enjoyed a pint of the Great Divide Oak Aged Yeti and the Dirty Bastard Scotch Ale.  This is not a brewpub so I will avoid going into any detail on these fine micro brews. However, please know the prices are reasonable and the beer is poured beautifully in the proper glassware. Service: Fantastic! What a delight our waitress was. She was friendly, funny, and attentive. She was also an expert on menu - food and beer. Absolutely nothing negative to say at all. The service rivaled any upscale restaurant. Kids: This is a kid-friendly gastropub. Ya hear that Blue Monk? So parents, don't hesitate to take your behaved little ones here. They have a kids menu, high chairs, and booster seats. Griffon even features a family restroom. How about that? Prices/Value: Incredible value for a gastropub! We had a party of 3 and ordered 3 soups, 3 adult meals, 1 kids meal and 5 beers for a total of $86 (not inc. tip). Words cannot express how much I love this place. The food, beer, service, atmosphere - It's all 5 stars. This is now my favorite restaurant.  Please do yourself a favor and give Griffon Pub a try. There's a Culinary Revolution taking place in WNY and the Griffon Pub is kicking butt and taking names.
Food was pretty good and fairly original. I had the bacon jam burger with Parmesan fries. Service was decent, but our waiter kept leaving right after checking in on us and walked away before we could ask any questions. We were wondering what kind of sausage the scotch egg was made from, but the waiter kept saying it was a prune (he was getting it confused with the devils on horseback). Once he realized it was actually sausage, he had to ask the chef. He found out it was chorizo (though he pronounced it very strangely, clearly he didn't know what it was, but I guess I won't fault him for that). Also, this place could use better insulation. We got lucky and were sitting across from the bar and not by the door, but the two members of our party that were sitting by the window had to wear their jackets because they were so cold.
There recently on a trip, stopped by d/t Yelp reviews and pictures of that Chicken and Waffle Sandwich. Great experience. Food was great, service even better. Ashley was incredibly friendly and great server. I got the CWS and my wife had the Surf n Turf Burger both were amazing. I can't wait to go back.
This place is THE true culinary and dining gem of Niagara Falls/Niagara County. This is the true definition of a gastro pub. This restaurant is the place to go for a top notch meal, all while still incredibly family friendly (even a family bathroom) and casual/relaxed. The interior is classy, well thought out, and just a refreshing atmosphere from the typical generic restaurants all around. Beer! There are roughly 50 beers on tap, and there are quite a few you won't typically find anywhere else. An example, Creme Brûlée from Southern Tier Brewery. That is one of my favorite beers, which is not always available. The food, is impeccable. For an appetizer, I ordered the glorious ultimate baked potato soup. This was thick, tasty, and well seasoned with sautéed garlic and chopped chives. It had a nice melted cheese/bacon top to it. For my main course, I ordered the Surf and Turf burger. You really need to see this thing (and yes I posted a picture). It has a perfectly seasoned and juicy hamburger as well as the best lobster/crab cake I have ever had in this area. You combine both with a nice, spicy red pepper aioli and fresh tomato slice, and this is one hell of a burger. It's so big I had to eat it in two parts. I was just fine with that, as it was that incredible. I chose the smoked Gouda shells and cheese as my side. It was $2 extra, but oh my god was it worth it. That is some of the best shells and cheese I have had. Combine everything for the most satisfying meal. We had a great server with the perfect and warm attitude, and was very knowledgable when I had questions for beer and other things on the menu. It was clear she was trained properly and knew what the kitchen was cranking out. All in all, if you want a cool, relaxed place to enjoy a good beer and top notch meal...GO! You will thank me.
Found this gem on way back home after a visit to Niagara Falls. Wonderful food. Excellent service! Great selection of drafts as well. We had the mac and cheese, wings, onion rings and the Shrimp Po'boy. A great experience in a very neat atmosphere. Will stop again when we're in the area. Keep up the good work!
The Griffon Pup is our go-to joint. Everything I've had is delightful. The last time there on a recommendation from a friend, I ordered their chicken fingers. I'm going with "The best I ever had".
My boyfriend and I came here due to positive reviews on yelp and could not have been happier! Food, service, atmosphere, prices; everything exceeded our expectations. Wish we lived around here and could come more often.
I have come to accept a few things as truth. 1. The service at restaurants is usually pretty crappy the first week they are open. 2. The closer you get to the Niagara Falls Outlet Mall the worse the food gets. 3. The food scene in Niagara Falls NY has been in steady decline for some time. I am glad to say that the Griffon Pub proved me wrong on all three of these when I dined there last Sunday. I spent most of my life growing up in Niagara Falls and got pretty used to accepting that with a few rare exceptions (La Hacienda for pizza, Viola's for the occasional sub, and a sorely missed John's Flaming Hearth for the closest thing Niagara Falls had to upscale dining) the best you could do In Niagara Falls, especially around the mall were type of chain restaurants that I avoid like the plague. In the last few years more and more local restaurants have closed and signs for The Olive Garden, Chili's, and Buffalo Wild Wings have become sadly commonplace. Based on a recommendation from my mother and few friends I went to check out the newly opened Griffon Pub On Military Ave, which had only been open for 5 days as of my visit. I went in with family for an early dinner. I wasn't expecting much from the service but the staff was super friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and really passionate about the restaurant and the food they were serving. Here are some of the highlights from my meal. 1. Buffalo Chicken Deviled Eggs (These blew me away - one of my favorite snacks, and this place does their version really well) 2. Shrimp Po' Boy - The perfect Po Boy, really well seasoned but not too salty friend shrimp on a great roll.  Not at all sloppy or overdressed either served just right. 3. Crab  - My sister in law had these beer steamed crab legs and ended up sharing them with the whole table. Normally in places like the falls people eat their shellfish as an excuse to eat pure butter. But these crab legs didn't even need it. Sweet, tender, easy to crack, and well seasoned from their steam bath. The price was very reasonable for the amount brought to the table. Partway through our meal the owner came out of the kitchen to say hello and ended up chatting with us for some time about the food and his past experiences. He was extremely nice and really ended up being a wonderful and gracious host. Overall it was a great experience. The worst part was leaving the restaurant (which could easily be killing it in Buffalo or Lewiston) and realizing that you are still in NIagara Falls. Still it is nice to see a restaurant trying to do something different in that area and to do it really really well. I will definitely be back
I believe that Niagara Falls is in the midst of a culinary and evolutionary renaissance, and these guys are leading the way.  I thought I would be old and gray before I saw chicken and waffles in Niagara Falls, but yet it's here!  Throw away any memories or impressions of the former businesses that occupied the space.  It has been gutted and is nothing like it's former self.   The food, simply put is amazing.  Chive and basil waffles make the bun for panko breaded fried, bacon, jalepeno slaw and maple aioli.   Plus you get garlic parmesean fries too. If you are hungry, or thirsty, then run - don't walk -to one of the culinary gems of the WNY area!
My boyfriend and I visited the Griffon Pub for the first time today and we absolutely loved it! The atmosphere was wonderful, the staff was friendly, the restaurant itself was beautiful, and the food was to die for! My boyfriend had the Panko Chicken sandwich and he said it was one of the greatest he's ever had. Personally I recommend the Smoked Gouda Shells & Cheese, and I can say that without a doubt it was the best Mac  & Cheese I have ever eaten. I would definitely recommend the Griffon Pub to anyone going to the Niagara Falls region.
In the suburban strip mall wasteland, Griffon is a gem. Decent draft beer selection. Food was good (chicken and waffle sandwich and Asian burger) but sandwiches a bit messy to eat (extra napkins provided). Staff was friendly. Generally no complaints and I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
An unexpected delight :) The Griffon Pub was introduced to me through my Aunt. She is a Niagara Falls native and not the best cook in the world so lets just say she has her experience in dinning out. It was for her belated birthday and I told her I would treat her to dinner where ever she wanted. I'm glad she picked this place. It wasn't too fancy, we came in our jeans and hoodies. Once we got there I never even knew there was a restaurant there before, but from what I hear they did a great remolding job. It was beautiful inside! Way better than any restaurant I've been to in NF that wasn't part of the Casino or a home cooked meal.   I wish I didn't have to drive home so I could taste some the yummy beer selections, but the food sufficed just as well. We split a salad and sandwich. *Roasted Strawberry Salad Arugula & spring mix with fresh oven-roasted sliced strawberries, balsamic glazed & grilled chicken, Apple wood smoked bacon, panko breaded goat cheese & almond slivers - $13 *Croque Monsieur A traditional French Sandwich with our own twist...Thick-cut sliced bread, slathered with béchamel sauce, filled with fresh-roasted, all-natural, smoked turkey breast, Dijon mustard, caramelized pears & gruyere cheese, baked in the oven - $11 The Panko breaded goat cheese alone could be an appetizer! They melted in your mouth and the dressings on the salad are fantastic! The sandwich was very tasty as well. Not nearly as good as the salad though. Not a perfect Score b/c I still need to try the drinks so until next time.
This place rocked it in every way. First a tip- if you are coming for dinner, make a reservation. Second tip- if you are going for the bar get there early or expect to stand for a bit. Now the dining grit. Everything we had was fantastic. I orders the sausage wrapped hardboiled egg to start, mostly because it sounded so strange to me. It had just the right amount of Cajun spice and great flavor! My husband got the bacon cheese potato soup- it's sooooo good. Fresh cooked bacon, not that cold bacon that's been hanging around since 2pm prep. Yum! I order the tuna for dinner, it was tasty and well done, but I have to say my husband, mother-in-law, and kids (yes!) meals stile the show for me. Husband ordered chicken and waffle sandwich. It's like heaven. SO much flavor! And a ridiculous portion size (really all of the portions were generous). MIL got what looked and smelled like an amazing burger. She loved it and said it was very flavorful. My kids ordered chicken fingers and macaroni and cheese. The Mac is AMAZING. I couldn't resist and kept digging in and stealing bites! So cheeses and flavorful, not like some that are just cheese and oil. They really did it right. The service was fantastic in every way- from host to table. Everything came out quickly, drinks were always full, and had great knowledge of the menu. They were great with the kids too. Lastly, if for no other reason, go to check out the fantastic extensive tap list!
Just a few quick words about this great new Niagara Falls pub. A beautifully designed pub atmosphere, very new and clean. The service was friendly and excellent and fast! The beer selection was 40+.I had the Shipyard Pumkinhead Ale , very nice season appropriate flavor. Highly recommend the buffalo chicken deviled eggs as an appetizer, they were divine. The burgers we ordered were piled with crispy onions and the burger themselves were HUGE and very good. So happy to see this type of establishment investing in Niagara Falls.More should follow suit, it is time. We will definately be back soon.
Stopped in for dinner yesterday.  They have a pretty solid Draught beer selection.  The inside decor is lot's of wood and rustic/cozy. My biggest complaint was that the cushions in the booth we were seated in were worn beyond comfort. I've sat in church pews with more luxury. That doesn't matter enough to keep me away, because the food is great and we'll portioned.  I had a hard time deciding amongst the choices.  I ended up getting the chicken and waffle sandwich with the rootbeer beans on the side. Oh my goodness, my goodness, my GOODNESS! The beans were nice and flavorful, smokey and not too sweet. A wee heavy on the salt, but quite tasty. The chicken and waffle sandwich was amazing! Spicy battered boneless chicken breast on chive waffles topped with spicy jalapeño slaw and a drizzle of maple butter. Hard to specifically describe how it tastes. It's spicy, and the slaw has zing, but it's not going to hurt you. The whole thing was very well done, surprisingly delicious! I would recommend. I look forward to returning and sampling additional menu offerings soon.
Fantastic!! We were visiting the falls and found this place on yelp. We were not disappointed, as it lived up to previous reviews. From the ambiance to the service, beer and food, it was awesome! My husband had the chicken and waffle sandwich, I had the cream cheese jalapeño burger, kids had wings, chicken fingers, and shells and cheese. It was ALL delicious.
THE SERVICE! We were greeted by one of the owners who then sat us with Jordan(our new fav server of all time). You can tell that Jordan loves what he does. He is the kind of server that will go that extra mile to make sure you're satisfied with your visit. The service here was outstanding. THE BEER! To start us off, Jordan had us sample a few beers because we had a difficult time deciding(so many to chose from!) This led us both to the Pumpkin Cider, which was love at first sip. THE FOOD! We started out the meal with Sweet Corn Fritters...they were perfectly cooked and the honey butter dipping sauce was icing on the cake. I made the decision prior to our trip that I was getting the chicken & waffle sandwich(thank you yelp photos!). This sandwich was right up my alley. I still can't wait to eat my leftovers! Jordan insisted I get the root beer baked beans since I loved root beer. They were perfect, not overbearing with root beer. For dessert we had a choice of 3. I was craving chocolate so we went for the Pillows Of Love(nice name!). The dessert was really good, just a poor choice on our end, since we had Fried dough for the appetizer. All in all. We had a great experience and felt very welcomed there. P.S. Jordan, you better be there when we come back! :)
We googled places to eat near the Outlet mall, and this seemed like an ideal choice. Not only did they serve late, but they were located about a 1/2 mile down the road. We arrived about 9:30 (on a Thursday if that matters) and were promptly seated. As many reviewers have already mentioned, they have a very respectable and reasonably priced beer selection. Our server was an over-the-top, gregarious guy, who was not only fun, but very helpful and accommodating. We had checked out the menu on-line beforehand, so we had a pretty good idea of what we wanted, but he offered his opinion and sold me on something I had been debating. He also gave us free beer samples and made some spot on suggestions. I had the Bacon Jam burger and hubby had the Mangia steak sandwich. The garlic parmesan fries were good, but not quite what we were expecting. Basically fries with freshly grated parmesan scattered here and there and some pretty strong garlic. I ordered my burger medium, and it was more like medium well and the same went for the steak sandwich, but it wasn't a deal breaker. Overall, our meal was good and we enjoyed it. The atmosphere/décor is decent, but my booth seat would rock every time I shifted (felt like I should be apologizing to the person on the other side). We also thought our booth seats were ridiculously far from the table, forcing us to sit on the edge. Windows were also a tad drafty, and ultimately we ended up moving to another booth before our food came, which made a world of difference. Apparently the owner made the tables and booths, which I have to commend him on, but he needs to go back to the drawing board with the booth seating. Since they are still a relatively new establishment, I would imagine there are some kinks that need to be worked out, but the menu is adventurous, and it seems as though they are sincerely trying to provide creative dishes and a good experience. We would definitely return if we happen to be in the area again.
I have dined here twice. I love love love their customer service and food. Amazing food, really. I try to go to this place every time I visit Niagara Falls. I wish I lived closer! I would come dine all the time. It is definitely worth a try.
The external appearance lets you know that this place is something special (hint it looks immaculate). Greeted at the door by a friendly gent who offered a giant coloring book and crayons for the kids. The inside is nicely decorated and very clean. Plus when you see the bar with what looks like almost 50 taps you know something good is in store. The menu does not disappoint and neither does the service; many delicious sounding appetizers and entrees to choose from and very friendly (genuinely!) staff. The food was delicious and if it was closer (we are over an hour away and cross-border) we'd come here once a week. Having said that anytime we are in the Niagara area we'll be sure to cross the border just to experience this delightful establishment again. Tops!!
Came here for lunch with the family.  The food was out of this world.  I'm not sure I've ever tasted food so unique and incredible before.  Our server was great too, very knowledgable of the menu.  Wish we still lived in WNY so we could dine here more often.
Everything here is awesome. Food is top notch. Great beer and wine list. Excellent service
Just had a wonderful late lunch at the Griffin. Jordan was our awesome waiter. Dave made a remarkable "old-fashioned" for me, it was yummy. For lunch I had the Croquet Monsieur with garlic fries, very good. My honey had an applewood bacon cheese burger with Black and Tan onion rings, it was Muy delicioso!  Jordon kept a good eye on us, enough to be attentive, but not too much as to be annoying. Don't forget to ask Jordon about his skills in putting in the tin ceiling. Heck, he might even offer to follow you home too, Great ambiance!  Stop by and enjoy! Dallas approved!
The next time I come here, I will be sure to have a reservation for an actual table/booth, and not sit at the bar. My Mom and I had been shopping at the Outlets and were hungry for dinner. I scoped out what was nearby and The Griffon Pub popped up as being less than a mile away. Bingo! Time to get down with a burger! We walked into the dimly lit (seriously, I saw some people using phone flashlights to read the menu) dining area and were told that there were no seats available until 8pm!!! A 3-hour wait!! Whaaaaaaaaaat?! The hostess told us they had full service dining at the bar. So we headed over, since we wanted to avoid eating at a nearby chain. It was already well attended but there were 2 chairs open right in the middle of the bar. Yippppeeeeeee! It's cold tonight, yes. But it had to be 85+ degrees at the bar. My cheeks are still red and warm, and I didn't even drink! The bartenders were friendly and knowledgable about the menu. I ordered the potato soup and the jalapeño cream cheese burger (with bacon, which was extra) with smoked Gouda Mac and cheese on the side (another add on). Mom got a regular old cheddar cheeseburger with the standard Parmesan fries on the side. She ordered a Red Apple cider and said it was delicious. I will say that  they had an awesome beer list! Like, were talking along the lines of Cole's, and maybe even better. There was a nice list of fruit beers, including a peach lambic that I will have to try at some point. Plus, drinks were so cheap. $3 for draft hard cider?! Maybe I don't get out much, but I think that's cheap! Anyway, right about the time we ordered, some loud talker saunters up to the bar and starts schpeiling all of his broski knowledge of beer to chum up with the bartender. Ugh. And of course, he has to stand right next to me. Bumping into me every chance he got. Where's my personal space boundary, dude?! Definitely not on my lap, thanks. I feel kind of like a fuddy duddy even mentioning this, but seriously I think it's rude. My soup came out and it was like the guy got closer and was basically talking right over my food. Weird! Mom scooched over, as did I, and this guy and his wife squeezed right in and started chatting up the people next to them. I believe we have 2 ears and 1 mouth for a reason... You should listen twice as much as you talk!!! He didn't shut up the entire time that we were there. If this sort of thing bothers you (as it does me) don't sit at the bar. Order your food to go. The soup was really tasty but truly was like a heart attack in a cup. I'm down with triglycerides, trust me. But that cup was more like mac & cheese made with potatoes. It was really cheesy and THICK. More like a stew than a soup. The bacon on top was awesome. I probably wouldn't order it again though. Unless I were ordering a salad as my main meal. Everything in balance these days... My burger was really good! The presentation was neat (see pics)! I ordered my burger medium and it was more like medium well. I'd order medium rare next time because I think the beef the use is really good. Can't always say that about every burger. It was spicy too with the fresh jalapeño cream cheese. Delicious! Smoked Gouda mac was SUPERB. I'd like to see some more mac options on the menu. They nailed it as a side. Mom and I split a piece of peanut butter pie, made at The Village Bake Shoppe in Lewiston. I love VBS by itself. It is sooooo good. The peanut butter pie was rich. Like heavy, thick, awesome. We each took 2 bites and asked for a box. Too rich to continue. One piece could satisfy like 4-6 people! Anyway, the food was so delicious that I will be back, with a reservation next time. Great burgers, great staff. I'm so glad we stopped in! Much better than the chains near the outlets!
The food was out of this world. The ambiance was excellent.  It was definitely like being in a trendy Manhattan bar/ restaurant but with excellent prices. Everyone was friendly.  Especially our waiter Jordan. He welcomed us and gave us great recommendations. Where to tour and to eat while we visited niagara falls.  We stayed in canada bit drove back everyday to go eat at Griffs. I highly recommend this place. The owners are definitely on point. Heads up to the chef. Execellent menu. Food is perfection.
We will be back. Food was very tasty. The prune app was mouthwatering and delicious! Yum! We had the chicken & waffles and the mangia steak sandwich - both prepped well. Our server needed to be asked 3 times before bringing silverware that was clean (the ones on the table were covered in bits of hard dried on food.). Also, the small plates they brought out for apps had someone else's leftover hot sauce and blue cheese still all over the bottom (not hard or dried- fresh gobbs of it.). If it weren't for that and the fact that our water was never topped off and we were dry before the end of the meal, then I would've done 5 stars. Maybe they are having dishwasher issues-?
After being severely dissapointed by The Hard Rock Cafe, I spent some time looking for smething good.  I picked The Griffon Pub based on other reviews.  Me and my family were not dissapointed.   We all ordered something different and everyone was happh.  I bad the beef on weck it was fabulous.  The beer selection was superb as well.  If we ever come back to Niagra/Falls, we will come back herw.
Short version:  go here, it's pretty awesome.   1.  Food- wow- 5 points for presentation alone, but taste was great too.  Ahi tuna tacos weren't really tacos-- more like a homemade cracker-- but awesome.  Scotch egg was perfect (who else around here has that on the menu??).  Hanger steak and potatoes with cooked red onions was perfect;  salmon was also tasty.   Some funky stuff on the menu,  worth multiple trips to check it out. 2.  Beverages (beer is all I was out for)-- another win.   Diverse without being typical Buffalo,  something for everyone again.   5 star. 3.  Atmosohere-- everyone is getting dark wood and brown paint these days,  calling themselves a pub.  Difference here is with some nuances in the interior-- warm without being small, some stone work on the walls.   A good crowd could fit at the bar without being on top of the diners.  And the booths:  high walls between them.   Now I don't have to stare at someone else feeding their face.   5 stars. 4.  Service--**** UPDATE 12/6 I've never encountered such happy staff.  The host even apologized for the 20 minute wait (which was no big deal,  since we each for a 22oz beer while we waited).   Wait staff that wasn't working our table went out of their way to be friendly for no reason.  Just go here,  you won'tbe sorry!****    Waiter we had was shy/nervous/new?  Really seemed rushed at first.  When I ordered my 2nd beer,  it sat there on the bar (we were at a booth maybe 10 feet away).  Waiter forgot about it.  I started at the beer.... and the waiter disappeared for awhile... That didn't make it come over any sooner.   I don't like to be rude and get my own drinks,  so we waited for our server.  He asked my wife if she wanted another beer,  rushed off before we could ask about mine.   When he dropped off her drink,  he ran away again... yeesh.  So I got up and got my beer. However, I think he realized what he did,  because he was super attentive to us for the rest of the night.  Slowed himself down a bit... everyone has an off night,  and I'm a relaxed guy anyway. So go here, pig out,  drink beer.  Was pretty great. Definitely coming back.
My boyfriend lives in Sanborn and he was told about this place by his sister who had been there recently. We went on a random Tuesday night as I was cut from work super early. The restaurant is set up a little awkwardly. When you walk in the door the host stand and a bunch of tables are in front of you, there are tables down the whole right hand side and towards the back on the left is the bar. The bar is quite large and is a nice dark wooden bar. We decided to grab a seat by the bar. The whole place was dark and I guess that goes with the theme but when we sat down I literally took a candle to read the beer list as I could not read. At first, it took us a minute to get service but the bar was busy. The bartender was nice and knowledgeable and he spent some time talking to us about the food and drink menu as this was our first time being there. I am not a huge craft beer fan but I did get a beer similar to a Guinness and it was good. The menu wasn't large but we were definitely interested in a few things. I got a grilled Caesar salad which was awesome. This was my first time having a grilled salad and I really enjoyed it. I got some kind of panko chicken sandwich and I think that it had bacon on it. I took home half and had the rest for lunch the next day. My boyfriend had their take on chicken and waffles as a sandwich and really enjoyed it. The Griffon get their desserts from a bakery in Lewiston and we split something that was chocolaty and delicious. They have a large selection of draft beers as well and my boyfriend got a different beer the second time around. I ordered a beer that they no longer had so the bartender gave me a different beer for free. The bartender also gave us a free shot. Overall, the food and drinks were really good and the service was also great. I took a star off for the dark and loud atmosphere. I understand that it is a bar but I just feel that it was kind of obnoxious.
Visited this establishment based upon other yelp reviews. Nice decor, good service, very attentive staff. Great beer selection, alot of diversity, Definitely a true beer garden. Food was excellent and priced very reasonable. They are simple dishes with a great flare to them which makes you feel you are eating completely different.  Very original menu, would definitely recommend if you're in the area.
Really cool atmosphere and the waitress was very nice. Different selection of food but very good.
Found The Griffon on Yelp.....how lucky were we? This place is fantastic!! The server Brad, top notch. So professional yet friendly!! He made several fantastic suggestions. We noshed on appetizers. The bacon jam bruscetta OUT OF THIS WORLD!! The Blue Crab dip, MORE PLEASE. Chicken wing deviled eggs TASTY!! They are willing to make any substitutions to meet dietary needs. They even have decent gluten free bread. DO NOT miss this pub if in Niagara, NY. We stopped on our way back from the falls. Only an 18 min drive.
I found The Griffon Pub on Yelp and I was blown away by what I found!  We started off with the Bacon Jam Bruschetta as an appetizer, which was out of this world!  Quite possibly the greatest thing I've ever had to eat!  For dinner, I had the Kona Coffee Hangar Steak and my date had the Chicken Gruyere.  Both were so full of flavor!  Stopping by The Griffin Pub, turned a ho-hum trip to the Outlet stores, into a surprisingly great evening!  We will certainly recommend this place to anyone heading to the Falls, and will definitely return in the future!
Okay, I'm a bit confused as to why everyone is writing amazing reviews and giving this place 5 stars. This place is good, not great and certainly not amazing but it's good. They have a huge craft beer list which is great. The decor is nice but cheap and the windows... Dear lord the windows. We sat at a booth and it felt like we were sitting on an outdoor patio in the winter and there were napkins jammed in every crack and care is you could find. Now back to the booths. The benches may be leftover from 1940. They are wire spring cushions and extremely uncomfortable. I just sat at the edge of my seat the whole time so that I wouldn't lose circulation to my feet. But all in all. You get what you pay for. Cheap good and cheap drinks... What do you expect from the facility. It's a great place to stop after work for drinks and apps with friends/coworkers.
Dan is a wealth of knowledge and the best. Everything was terrific especially the Gouda  shells and my Maker's manhattan with extra cherries! Thanks Dan.
Great food and great service. Very close to the outlets we came in for dinner and it was very busy but we were seated right away. Great beer list! We had the burger and the chicken sandwich both were amazing and huge! The prices were great too we had wine beer an appetizer two entrees and a dessert for around $60! My only complaint would be the seating we sat in a booth and it was really uncomfortable and low we both felt like little kids sitting at the adult table. I ended up folding up my jacket and sitting on it just to reach my food better. We will be going back for sure and I would recommend this place to anyone!
I went here for my boyfriends birthday dinner last month. Our waiter was fantastic and absolutely hilarious, the food was amazing and for it being a busy Friday night I was thankful it didn't take forever to get to us. The crab dip appetizer was sooooo good and I got some sort of shrimp po boy sandwich which was also fantastic. A much needed addition to the Niagara Falls area and I cannot wait to go back.
After recommendations from friends, decided to try this place for lunch with my boyfriend, and needless to say we were not disappointed. For appetizers we had the stuffed jalepenos and the buffalo deviled eggs. I don't like eggs, but from what I hear they were very good. The jalepenos were very good; perfect size and just enough of a kick of spice. For our entrees I had the mangia steak sandwich and my boyfriend had the mussels. He really enjoyed them, as did I with my sandwich. My only disappointment was that unbeknownst to me it was open face. Still to die for though! The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. We will definitely be back!
Another gem has opened in the Falls. 50 beers on tap, with a mix of mainstream and craft. Buffalo chicken deviled eggs were to die for. Ordered two helpings!  Surf n turf burger was great. Gnocchi pouting awesome. Gouda Mac n cheese was great. No kids menu, but no problem. Wait staff was attentive and friendly. Good crowd!  Great time, will be back again and again!
Went here because of positive reviews from family. You have to make a reservation, while it is a giant place there is somewhat limited seating.  We went on a Wednesday night and made a reservation, we got there early so had to wait since every table was full. Won't complain about having to go to the bar and pick a beer from one of the better beer lists in buffalo. Small complaint is they have a great electronic beer board however the bartender stated it is only updated when the guy who controls it comes in (which seems limited)...basically a great idea but pretty useless since half the beers don't match up to the actual beer list...but hey no biggie. Once we were sat we got a very nice waiter, put an order in for wings and looked over the menu. Once I saw the chicken and waffle sandwich I knew what I was getting. Wings came, they were good sized, crispy ad tasty only complaint is the sauce wasn't anything special just tasted like butter and franks which is fine but I like when a restuarant adds a little originality. They use a great technology to take food and drink orders meaning the drink order is sent to the bar before the waiter could even walk there...with that being said our second round of beers took more then 10 minutes to be delivered to the table...again I just am nitpicking. Lastly the sandwich was very original, it was good not great.  The coleslaw and bacon completely defeated the taste of the chicken and waffle.  I wouldn't get it again but it was a fun dish, the fries were really good. My other party members had the ahi tuna which was good and a burger also good. I like this place, it's more unique then most new places and the beer list is top notch typically. It's not too close to me so doubt it'll be a regular stop for me, but I recommend it if you want a good meal and a good beer, just make a reservation!
A great variety if different menu items. Both that  we had were very good.  We will be coming back to try more.
My husband and I visited the pub for the first time on Thursday, Dec. 19th. The  place was given stellar reviews by my daughter. To put it in a few word sentence, we Both LOVED it! The surroundings were clean and welcoming and as soon as we entered the building we were greeted by a smiling, happy member of the staff. We arrived at 11:30am and the pub was almost full but we got seated immediately. The food was excellent. I had the Po Boy and my husband had what ended up being a huge hamburger which he said was great. We both had the mac & cheese as a side instead of the fries and we both loved it. Coffee was abundant and very good. Our waitress, Candence, was adorable. She was friendly, very knowledgeable about the menu and while remaining very busy, took the time to answer all our questions. Thank you Candence. We will definitely be back!
We stopped by Griffon on 06/01/2014 and Lauren was our waitress.  She is super sweet and explain the menu very well to me while I translate it to my none-English-speak family.  The beer selection was great, I wish I didn't need to drive afterward. Food were amazingly delicious, we were very happy with what we order.  Maybe because we were there during down time, it was very quiet and peaceful.  We will most likely go back in the future when we visit Niagara Falls.
The food here was great. With prices you'd expect in Niagara Falls. All the beers you could ask for too.
There's a reason this place is busy on a Saturday night. Great beer (50 taps), great food (buffalo chicken deviled eggs). If I lived here, this would be a usual hangout. If I ever visit here again, this will be a no-brainer stop.
The atmosphere is warm and welcoming. The service is excellent. We had a very knowledgeable waitress who understood vegan and gluten free dietary needs. The chef quickly transformed the strawberry salad into a vegan salad. The lettuce was fresh and the portion size was excellent, but the strawberries were frozen strawberries unfortunately. My fiancée had the spicy vegan burger with sweet potato fries and it was delicious. The burger held together well which is good if you have experience with vegan burger options. The presentation of the food was also excellent. This restaurant is a welcomed addition to the Niagara Falls non chain dining options with a vegetarian friendly menu and chef.
Best crab cakes ever! Food is tasty, prices are good.  We had the Shrimp PO-Boy, salmon burger (which was very moist) and huge chicken fingers. Parm Fries are very good. Over 50 beer choices. Different takes on classic pub food. The staff is friendly, we were seated right away, but then again it was a Wednesday. We'll be back to try more dishes.
Woohoo! As good as it gets! No Lie. This may be the best restaurant in Niagara Falls NY. 50 beers on tap along with an incredible menu. The food tastes so good and the burgers .. no lie .. stack about 6 to 8 inches high.
The burgers are phenomenal, but they put chopped pieces of garlic in with the fries which was utterly disgusting.
While staying at Niagara Falls in late 2013 for 3 days we had dinner here twice. Large selection of good beers. And foodwise, the chef has a talent for knowing what to cook with what. Many of the dishes are things I have never seen anywhere else. Staff very friendly and competent. Check it out if you are in the Niagara area, or even if you live in Buffalo, NY it is worth the drive.
So here's the deal... I had heard so many good things about this place maybe I just expected amazing....and I'll give you the idea and the menu screams amazing...delivery though not so much. Portions were soso on our calamari ... I loved the pepper dew deal....my scotch egg was pretty good- not the best ever, but lets be honest I don't run into scotch eggs often so I wouldn't have been so picky... but one egg for 6 and change is a bit intense. My husband liked his fish...my hardest critic -the 3 year old- dug the Mac n cheese (and we stole more than our fair share of bites as this was the ewwy gooey cheesy crown jewel of the visit). I was not overly impressed w the deviled eggs...they were a bit lack luster  w no major kick except the splashes of hot sauce. My tuna taco was the worst of the group. It more apply should be called a nacho as the shell was square and flat. Totally over loaded w coleslaw... very heavy ...shell thing broke apart in your hand.... not a win for me. Love the idea of fine dinning in Niagara falls... would try it again....LOVED the beer options!
When I think of food on the US side of Niagara Falls and food, what comes to mind is generally "EW." Between the string of Applebee's, Olive Garden and other bad chain restaurants and possibly sketchy Indian places (I love Indian food but was warned about eating at most of them - plus since I live in Buffalo there are much better options closer. Anyway...) I don't really think of driving to Niagara Falls just to eat (save for the occasional pizza at La Hacienda) but can honestly say Griffon Pub has changed that. My boyfriend's mom lives out that way & informed us of this place that just opened that she went to for lunch last week that we HAD to try, so tonight five of us went to the Griffon. Checking out the website before we went I knew I'd have a hard time deciding what to order - if you're a beer drinker you may have a hard time deciding what to drink as they have 50 beers on tap. The decor is nice- dark wood floors, dark ceiling, dark wood tables and very roomy booths. All this darkness made it seem pretty cozy though - It sort of reminded me of Black Rock Kitchen and Bar in that sense. There's a regular menu and then a pub menu so there is a lot of good stuff to choose from (the types of wings were crazy.. I couldn't believe how many choices there was. I'll save them for another time though.) There was a lot to try so we got apps for the whole table - an order of Buffalo chicken deviled eggs (favorite!), an order of devils on horseback (from the website: Port wine steeped prunes stuffed with gorgonzola cheese, wrapped in Apple wood smoked bacon, broiled until crispy, drizzled with balsamic glaze - this was my boyfriend's favorite appetizer - I didn't try it) and an order of Thai mussels (which I don't eat but every else went nuts for them. I sopped up some broth with the garlic bread that came with it and it was really good). The deviled eggs were so fantastic that we ordered a second plate and instantly devoured it. As far as entrees go, I couldn't decide between a cheeseburger and the the Mangia steak ("thick-cut Italian garlic bread topped with garlic herb goat cheese, fresh arugula, oven roasted tomatoes, grilled & sliced filet of sirloin, finished with a drizzle of balsamic reduction & crispy onion nest) I usually like to order cheeseburgers at places because it's always a good gauge for me, but on the waiter's recommendation I got the steak sandwich. I wasn't disappointed in the least!! I got it with onion rings instead of fries and they were crispy and perfect. The portion of garlic bread and steak was HUGE. The steak was perfectly cooked medium and really really tender. There was a good amount of goat cheese but not so much that it was overpowering everything else and the portions of everyone's dishes were hug - including the crab that someone ordered.. everyone had some - there was just so much! We finished off dinner with a slice of  homemade Reese cheesecake.. it was a HUGE slice and just... my god, I can't even explain it. It was unbelievably delicious - always great when places go the extra mile to not have frozen dessert, IMO. I usually don't go to new places right when they first open - I prefer to give them time to work the kinks out before I go. In the end though, had I not known it just opened I would have thought they had been in operation for a while because I didn't see any of the typical "new restaurant" stuff that goes on. Our waiter was great, really friendly and helpful answering our tons of questions about the menu. Actually all the staff was really pleasant and the owner stopped by our table a few times - he was really personable and engaging. A super bonus in my opinion - I asked how late the kitchen was open and honestly I can't remember what he said (oops)- BUT he said that the plan was that in a few months they would have the kitchen open LATE LATE, like 2-3am, which is great because I really think there aren't enough quality late night eats in WNY. The prices are really reasonable for how much food you get, I wouldn't think twice about it. I definitely see myself making many more trips to NF to go here. I wish this place all the best and hope they keep doing what they did tonight!
Can't say enough good things about this pub and restaurant.  Awesome appetizer( or food before food) selection, delicious burgers, and fantastic desserts!  And when you can serve a chicken and waffle sandwich....just....awesome.  Had the Pub poutine for a starter (garlic parm fries with cheese curds and gravy), a burger, chicken and waffles, and the candy corn pound cake for dessert.  add in 50 beers on tap, and awesome service to go with it, and the military road dining experience just got wayyyy better
I've heard nothing but good things and couldn't wait to try this place.  I work down the street and the parking lot is always packed.  The atmosphere was amazing!  I was in this building years ago when it was a different restaurant,  what a transformation!  So nice inside. The service was excellent,  we had a great waiter, very friendly and personable. The food was amazing and reasonably priced.  We had Scotch eggs for an appetizer,  they were so good. Weird, but good! The Mangia Steak sandwich was out of this world. My Boyfriend had the Gouda shells mac n cheese, fabulous!   It's great to have a nice, local, place to eat that is reasonable. Oh, I almost forgot the best part, and they have lots of beers to choose from! We will definitely be back.
This place is so far out of the normal area but its worth the drive from anywhere...the food is exceptional and very different....Scotch eggs, Potstickers were great and the sandwiches especially the Mangia Steak...perfectly cooked and delicious...will be going back often ...will also be sure to request Ashley "Miley Cyrus" as our server...she is friendly, knowledgeable and lots of fun....give this one a try, you won't be disappointed
Everything was as good as we hoped it would be.  The service,  the food, and the atmosphere was great.  We'll be back again!
Great food great beers just opened getting into the routine but still a five will be back
