5 star, ambience, super classy. Live singer and keyboardist in elegant lobby. Superb, attentive service, fantastic cocktails. Beef tenderloin to die for. I really enjoyed the corn soup as well.
Well I hate to say this but my second visit was rather disappointing. Perhaps the cook had an off night. I had the wild salmon which was bland and had a non appetizing musty taste. The risotto was very ordinary and below average from what I'm used to. My girlfriend had a vegetarian option which was also bland and tasted liked leftovers that were frozen from the day before then recooked. Nothing about either dinners tasted fresh....just disappointingly way below average. I'm not a food snob but I had expected a lot more since my first visit (about a year ago) which was very good! If I wanted below average I would have gone to the local diner. We had complained and I was told that the restaurant's manager would contact us but 2 weeks later I still haven't received a call nor do expect to now....too bad. I will never go back again. I probably would've given it a 2 stars but seeing that I didn't get a call back from management I'm going to leave it at a 1. One positive point is that the service was good. Too bad about the food and management not caring about their customers.
Had the signature Tenderloin here after a long day at Niagara Falls and it was delicious! This is the main reason why I think this restaurant deserves 4 stars. Tender, juicy, flavorful. The mixture of meat, spinach, and potatoe hash mixed with their signature sauce was a deliteful combination. The wine however was a bit average. In all fairness, my palete is mainly used to Tuscan/Super Tuscan wines. I wanted a bit more body and thought it was a bit biter. Also, I wish we had a bit more bread as we were given two slices of baguettes which barely held us over until they served us.
As we've determined this weekend, most things in Niagara Falls are flashy and overpriced, and you end up paying more for location than quality. In the sea of tourist trap chain restaurants,  AG stood out as a refreshingly pleasant dining experience.  Located in the downstairs of a boutique hotel (plenty of free parking out front), there's a quiet, relaxed ambiance, free from traffic noise or the flashy neon of the falls side area.  I love farm-to-fork believers, and the food here was certainly fresh and nicely done. Portions were generous, and the flavor was only marred by a few of the garnishes and dresssings being too vinegary for my taste.   The wine list was brief, but our waiter had solid recommendations for each course, and he was overall fantastic.
AG stands for "silver" on the periodic table.  And since they're part of Sterling Inn and Spa, it makes sense.  But I would give this whole dining experience a gold medal, not a silver, if we could, especially in comparison to the other restaurants around.  We took my mom here to celebrate her birthday, and everything was awesome!  Friendly staff, amazing food, and overall the best dining experience in Niagara.  Plus, for the prices you get so much more here than what you get in the rest of town.  They serve farm to table using only the best seasonal ingredients.  And although it's fit for a formal dining experience, they still let us in wearing our casual clothes.  A great night and I will definitely return when I'm in the area again!
This place is amazing. The food was some of the best I've ever eaten at a restaurant. The beef tenderloin was expertly cooked, the chicken was fat free, presentation was exquisite and the service was even better than expected. They have an extensive wine list, and the servers are quite knowledgeable about the choices. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 star rating is the paltry selection of beer, as I am not a wine person. That said, my wife does like her wine and gives them a full 5 stars. Will return again for sure!
My husband requested a trip to Niagara Falls for his 30th birthday. I knew that it would be a tourist trap; full of neon lights, wax figures and chain restaurants. I hit Yelp to find the best food we could eat in tourist hell. We were in town for 2 nights so we made reservations at AG and Weinkeller. The meal at AG was phenominal. I love the use of everything local, from wine to beer to meat to vegetables. The style and atmosphere is not like what we usually choose to go to - we prefer something more homey (this is where Weinkeller excelled). My husband had the chef's signature steak and I had the salmon. Everything was perfectly done and we were very impressed. If you are looking for something actually worth your money in Niagara then this is it.
Had a beef tenderloin pasta that turned my day around!  Awesome, professional service like I have rarely encountered.  The second time in my life that a meal suddenly brightened my day.  Decor, menu, service, portions, settings, everything... truly professional.  No terrible believing where they got their awards.  Truly a hidden gem.  The location is nondescript and unmarked, so easy to miss, but you DON'T want to miss this place!
AG operates under a Farm to Table philosophy, and they deliver on the highest level.  Preparations are innovative, but not contrived, and the quality and freshness of all ingredients are top notch.  A truly special experience.
If you have wandered along the Clifton Hill strip, it's almost overwhelmingly tacky and touristy and geared towards kids (which is fine, I mean who doesn't like dinosaur mini-putt once in awhile).  Slightly off the strip, AG Inspired Cuisine is a surprisingly fantastic restaurant for adult dining. This restaurant is tucked away as part of the boutique hotel Stirling Inn and Spa.   You can dress a bit nicer to dine here instead of looking like you stepped off the  Maid of the Mist. The restaurant is located on the lower level of the inn.  We were greeted with friendly smiles and our coats were taken right away.  The space red walled, dim-lit, and romantic.  The light fixtures were more classic than modern and this restaurant would appeal to any generation. They have live music starting at 8:00 pm, so I tried to make a reservation around 7:30pm.  This place is popular so you will want to make a reservation which can be easily done through open table. For a Valentine's Day weekend, I thought our entertainer (who weirdly looked like Drake) made poor song choices.  He was talented, but the songs were sad...like someone must have recently stomped on his heart sad. Anyways, back to the food service. The servers are great here! They were friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable.  Our waitress was able to answer questions about the local wineries and helped us make our selection.   Also, I liked how the waitstaff knew their menu and described each item as it was served.   There are lot of creative menu items using "Canadian" ingredients such as ice wine and maple.  So many delicious things to choose from! For my appetizer, I couldn't resist the sweet potato crab cakes. The presentation was colourful and playful! The crabcakes were tasty and balanced .. and still tasted like crab meat.   They were perfectly crispy and moist.  The sweetness of the sweet potato was complemented by spicy tomato jam and a chilli yogurt dressing.  The jam was surprisingly tomatoey without tasting like ketchup. For my entree, I had their popular beef tenderloin. It looks just like all the pictures!  And it's a great sized portion (Approximately 8oz serving). The layers are awesome, you can deconstruct it and taste everything together. The brie crust wasn't over-browned, I was impressed! There were greens, rosti style potatoes hidden at the bottom, and everything was smothered with fois jus with cranberries. I loved my dish! (Even if it was slightly overcooked) For dessert, we shared the chocolate bread pudding with peanut butter mousse and maple anglaise.  You could definitely taste the chocolate but it's still more bread pudding like than chocolate cake-like.  I thought the peanut mousse was well done and foamy and I would have liked a bit more maple sauce...all over my plate and in my mouth. Overall, I would not hesitate to come back here or recommend it to a friend. Second to seeing the falls, I think that this restaurant is a must-visit!
Appetizer - Crabcake Entree - Lobster & Arctic Char After Dinner - Espresso Cocktail Good - Quiet environment for work/meal/date. Tasty Iced Wine martini. Lobster cooked perfectly. Decent service. Bad - Small on portions and big on price. Crabcake barely had flavor. Arctic Char was a little overcooked. 3/4 full martini glass and you pay $14.
Another great Yelp find, this restaurant lives up to the hype 100%! This is the very definition of a hidden gem: it's in a small hotel on what's essentially a back street and even within the hotel, it's somewhat hidden down in the basement (there is a large sign outside though, so it's not completely hidden!). The waitress was explaining that the building was originally a milk bottling plant, which explains the giant milk bottle shape on the side of the building. The immediate surroundings are kind of grim; it's mostly just parking lots and a giant cereal factory, but this is a beautifully renovated gem of a building. Like many of the better restaurants in Niagara, the wine list is great with lots of local wine. We also tried a few cocktails, and these were also excellent. There is a decent but small selection of bottled beer as well, but this isn't really somewhere you head for beer. This is a "farm to table" restaurant, so most of the ingredients are local, or at least local-ish. For the appetizer, I had the red curry and sweet potato veloute, and it was just fantastic. They serve the ravioli in the centre of the bowl and then pour in the soup for you. The smell of the soup really hits you, which makes for a pleasurable experience. Our waitress mentioned that the beef tenderloin was the chef's specialty, so I gave that a try and boy was I blown away. The beef was perfect medium rare and the brie crust complimented it beautifully. Every morsel was delicious. I would definitely order this dish again! For dessert we had tea and a platter of Ontario and Quebec cheeses. The portions were surprisingly generous and we enjoyed all three cheeses. The blue cheese in particular was excellent. The service was friendly and incredibly helpful. If you're looking for a nice meal in Niagara Falls away from all the chains and cheese, this is a great choice.
Best formal restaurant my boyfriend and i stumbled upon, although we didnt realise if was a formal resturant they were very welcoming. no reservation aas required, food was great ! the menu constantly changes as most of the food is grown in the farmers market. We visited this restaurant around march and the grape juice was great . if your visiting the falls this is a restaurant you wont regret coming to , with a live singer and great atmosphere.
Beautiful place, service is 5 star, they are on it !  The food is straight from the farm to your plate. Amazing preparation , amazing taste, amazing service and the price is reasonable!
I was thoroughly amazed by this restaurant.  The food and service were outstanding!  My wife had the filet which was unbelievable, who knew brie and apple would work so well with steak.  I had tenderloin of red deer which was truly remarkable, comparable to even the best beef.  The 2010 Tawse Pinot Noir was surprisingly good as well, i had no idea the Niagara region could create a great Pinot.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  If you want a view of the falls go somewhere else, but if you want great food in a very comfortable cabaret like setting head to the AG!
Some of the best food we've had in awhile! We enjoyed the farm to table concept here. We had an app (goat and fig truffles & quail and potato salad) then for entrees we had the filet with almonds and Brie & chicken saltimbocca with barley risotto. Just amazing! Chicken was incredibly moist and could be cut by just pressing the knife through. Go!
Service, Food & Presentation - 5 stars Thank you yelp for leading me to AG.  My husband and I went here for a romantic dinner during our small getaway trip. 1)  I was confused as to how to get to the restaurant when I walked into the hotel.  I ended up at the front desk of the hotel and had to ask them how to get to it.  Not a big deal. 2)  As for my drink, the 'Niagara Cherry Raspberry Lemonade' was NOT good.  I love lemonade, but it was overly sweet where I only had a sip and that's it. 3) Appetizer - My husband had 'Braised Elk Shoulder and Gemelli Pasta' and I had the 'Sweet Corn Tartlet'.  The elk dish was amazing -- not gamey whatsoever and very flavorful.  The 'Sweet Corn Tartlet' was good, but it wasn't something I was looking for.  I felt like it was more of a 'breakfasty' type of dish. 4)  Entree -- My husband had a special that I don't remember what it was exactly as I'm typing this review about 2 months later.  It was a beef dish over sauteed spinach topped with a popcorn shoot.  I do remember that he LOVED it and it was our first time having popcorn shoot.  I had 'Hand Cut Pappardelle Pasta'.  The beef tenderloin bolognese seemed like it was slow cooked for hours!  I loved this dish so much, I ate extremely slow.  It's seriously by far one of the most amazing dishes I ever had in my life. I've been recommending this restaurant to every foodie I know  for when they are in the Niagara area.
The whole experience (food, ambiance, music) was amazing, would recommend and go again!
Wonderful wait staff.  Nice romantic place to celebrate but I wouldn't go back for a non special event.  Food was delicious ....but pricey.
Really enjoyed the entire dining experience I had here. The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. Their beef tenderloin special is really something else. Only complaint was that I wasn't sure where to go when I walked in. There should be a sign pointing to the basement stairs from the waiting area.
This place was very appropriate for us, as we stayed at the Sterling Inn & Spa for our anniversary and booked the Retreat package, which came with a prefixed dinner at AG. There is certainly a lot of good to say about the place (very friendly staff, excellent service, delicious food) - I particularly enjoyed: Appetizers: - sweet potato crab cakes: do try these if you go - mushroom tart: it was a special but they should make it a menu item! I am giving it 4 stars because the dinner portions are a bit large. I prefer for restaurants of this quality and level to give smaller meals - and more courses - so that the dining experience really lasts, and leaves you feeling full but not stuffed The other thing I don't like is when the staff feels compelled to tell you (right as you are about to take a bite) what's in your meal down to the detail - I read the menu and asked clarifying questions! I know this is basil-simmered cream sauce. It just takes some of the charm out of it.
Having grown up in a tourist area, the last thing I wanted to do was go to another tourist-trap restaurant.  AG was the perfect selection for dinner on our anniversary. Everything was top-notch: service, selection, preparation, presentation, etc., and our food was cooked perfectly.  Heck, even our silverware was actually silver.  YMMV, but my wife an I had an outstanding, memorable meal. If I absolutely had to stretch to find something wrong with the place, it would be that the fact you have to turn left and go downstairs once inside the building wasn't posted anywhere upon entering.  Finding the place from the outside was no problem, and because of the conspicuous red awning out front, we at least knew we were in the right place... so we simply listened for the sound of people dining and followed our ears.  Although, I could easily see how this might be a bit of a challenge for the older crowd regardless of whether or not they are bordering on senility. If we go back to Niagara Falls, we'll return to the AG - without a doubt.
There may be a better restaurant in Niagara Falls but we didn't find it.  Our meal was excellent, the service was first rate and the food was fantastic. AG is quiet, well decorated but not stuffy. The farm to table philosophy of the restaurant serves it well and the chef has a great imagination. My wife's filet was the best she's had in a long time and my braised rabbit was also spectacular. Local wineries are showcased and a special menus paired with appropriate wines were also offered.  We highly recommend AG and you should definitely make it part of your visit to the Falls
Appetizer - warm smoked Mushroom Salad - amazing Entree - Tenderloin of Beef - better than all then reviews said it would be Entree - Duck - yum Dessert - Artisanal Cheeses - the presentation topped off the diner Yelp is my fan again, this place was a wonderful find! We were looking for a special anniversary dinner place at the last minute and this was perfect. Quite, special, live music, great food, foodies love it but so do non-foodies like us. Our server was so pleasant and helpful which completed the evening. I would definitely go back again or recommend to a friend
Sterling review! I went alone on Good Friday dinner, as my travel partner could not make it. Overall: great dining experience. Ambiance : classy, dressy, live piano music on occasion, intimate Food: for the price, very good. The farm to table philosophy means all ingredients are very, very fresh. Derrick the server was absolutely amazing with his knowledge and frankness about the quality of food. They offered complimentary chicken pate  with arugula pesto. Drinks wise, the ice wine martini is to die for. The sweetness of the drink is truly well balanced by the mild acidity of the ice wine and was like sipping heaven. Bone marrow  was done well, 4/5. It could have been a little more substantial considering one of the two bones was practically empty. The venison over sweet potato mash, was very good but not outstanding. Slightly underwhelming for a $35 dish. Did not get desserts, but the tapas after 9pm are STEALS! Price can hit 80 with appetizer and a drink, but its worth it.
Very upscale and trendy inside, portions appear small but are filling. My husband and I both had the rainbow trout and gnocchi for apps and dinner. Both delicious and well presented. On the pricey end, but worth it if looking for a great way to end your stay at Niagara.
For background, we live in San Francisco and so have bazillions of upper end eateries and lots that do the farm to table thing. Food-wise the AG is right up there, and everything we had was well-conceived and perfectly cooked. Peas and rhubarb were in season and tasty (peas along with both mains, the rhubarb in a fantastic cheesecake) From what else i've read about N Falls dining, this seems like the place to go if you want top quality eats. Cons - The service was nice, but really slow with big gaps. - Cocktail i had was way too sweet. not a place for cocktails - Only has 3 wines by the glass, but the one we had was good at least
AG is one of the better restaurants in Niagara Falls, Ontario. All of the ingredients are fresh and locally grown. The menu changes with the seasons. The dining room is fancy and the décor is tasteful. There is no formal dress code. Guests are free to wear whatever they are comfortable wearing. During my dining experience, I witnessed a wide array of attire, from jeans and a T-shirt to suits and ties.  I appreciated that the restaurant was fancy but still had a laid back attitude. To start, I ordered the house made Indian candy. This dish is a "White Meadows" of maple, fruitwood smoke, cucumber and rice vinegar salad, and forked new potato. I am not exactly sure what about the dish was "Indian" but the dish was tasty. For dinner, I had the peach glazed Atlantic salmon served with warm summer bean, pak choy and peach salad, new potato, and salmon caviar vinaigrette. The caviar vinaigrette was light and not too strong. The peach glaze over the Atlantic salmon was quite an excellent combination. My friend ordered the beef tenderloin from  "Wellington County" with almond brie crust, lemon garlic greens, black currant and foie gras jus. He really enjoyed his meal as well. Overall, I recommend stopping by at AG cuisine if you are in the Niagara Falls area. It is a simple, but classy restaurant with fresh and local ingredients!
On a weekend trip with my hubby to Niagara Falls, I made reservations at AG to celebrate our anniversary due to its stellar reviews and I must say, we were not disappointed. After a very late and extremely filling lunch at Batter Up Fish and Chips, hubby strongly considered cancelling our reservation at AG for dinner. But seeing the disappointment in my face, he agreed we would come but eat light. So, seeing as how we were both still full on lunch, we opted to share the beef carpaccio appetizer (which I don't see on their online menu), and I ordered the 'Mill Street Ale' Steamed Mussels appetizer as an entree and my husband the Confit of Quebec Duck Leg for his entree. The Beef carpaccio was delicious, especially with the little pieces of rhubarb. The dish was simple and you can really taste the freshness of the meat. My mussels came out with the beef carpaccio even though I had ordered it as an entree. The broth was a bit too salty because of the bacon that was in it and masked the other flavors. Some of the mussels were also very sandy which kind of ruined the dish a bit. Our waitress was very apologetic about my mussels being served too early and offered me an entree on the house, to which I declined since I really was not that hungry. But the gesture was nice and only something that can be experienced in a high quality restaurant with well trained staff. Confit of Quebec Duck Leg: Oh my god DELICIOUS! The duck skin was crispy and the duck was perfectly cooked. There were big chunks of rabbit meat in the sauce, which had wonderful flavors. The entire dish just worked so well together and the portion was actually very decent. We chose the Red Velvet Bundt Cake as our dessert, which our waitress generously comped since I declined her offer for an entree. At first, the cake felt hard and dry but after tasting it with the ice cream and the cream cheese creme, I realized that if the cake had been too soft or moist, it would not have absorbed those two elements so well. The dessert was delicious and I only wish I had room in my stomach to finish it. Overall, we really enjoyed AG's atmosphere, food, and most of all, the service. Regretfully, I forgot our waitress' name =o( We would definitely come back if ever we are in the area again.
Last place you'd expect to find in a basement. But wonderful food, service and the live music just tipped the scale.
Service was outstanding!  Food was even better. It's a shame not more ppl know about this hidden gem. What a wonderful find!  If I ever go back to the Falls, definitely going here!
With all the chain hotels and chain restaurants in Niagara Falls, it'd be easy to miss AG, especially as it's tucked away in a fairly non-descript area with just a Howard Johnson and the like to keep it company. It's worth seeking out though.  They serve only locally sourced, seasonal ingredients, always a good sign.  My starter of mushroom veloute with ham hock terrine was a delight - deep, rich mushrooms with the terrine slowly melting into it to deliver bursts of intense flavour.  My wife enjoyed her Indian candied salmon. For entrees, my wife scored with trout served with saffron cream, shrimp ravioli, maple glazed sweet potatoes and swiss chard.  My whitefish with a cassoulet of navy beans and chorizo was necessarily more muted, given the delicate flavour of the fish but was expertly cooked and very good.  Portions were deceptively large, so we sadly skipped dessert. Whilst I liked my ice wine martini, my wife felt that whilst her locally-grown cask matured wine was OK, it was a pity that the locally-sourced rule couldn't be relaxed for the wine list. The check we felt was more than good value for the quality of the cooking.  We paid roughly the same as for an OK but not stellar meal at our hotel a couple of nights before, but this was far far better cooking.  If this place was in New York or London it could easily charge half again or twice as much. This was easily the best meal we've had since moving across the Pond in January.  Monsieur Bibendum, please send your inspectors out to Niagara Falls, Ontario as there is a restaurant there in need of a Michelin star.
I came here with my wife and we both got the 5 course tasting menu they were offering at the time and left about as impressed as we've been in years. The meal began with an amouse-bouche of a chicken pate on a small crouton that may have been the most flavour-packed single bite of food I've ever had in my life.  A great way to start the meal. The first course was a smoked blue cheese (can't remember which cheese exactly, but it had some blue to it) on a small vegetable puree with a squash and autumn greens salad.  I loved this pairing.  The blue cheese with the vegetable puree was perfect and the sweetness of the squash in the salad was fantastic. The next course was a seared scallop on a barley risotto.  The scallop was among the most perfectly cooked I've ever tasted (the only restaurant that made one as good was Olivia's at 53 on College street in Toronto).  The risotto was very interesting - I liked how they turned the barley a bit more savoury and generally flavour-packed than I would imagine. The third course was braised lamb on gnocci in a blue cheese sauce.  This was delicious as well - the lamb was cut-it-with-your-fork tender, but the blue cheese sauce may have been just a bit of an overpowering flavour for the dish. The fourth course was duck breast on a creamy polenta with an elderberry reduction.  The pairing again was superb. Finally, the fifth course was a pumpkin cheesecake with I think some sort of maple syrup sauce. To drink, I just got a simple vodka martini, but my wife got an icewine martini that really had a nice taste to it. Overally, a wonderful dining experience that I would recommend to anyone.  The one thing I would say is that it's a pricey place - bring your extra wallet.
I'm always wary about hotel restaurants.  Let's face it, they're usually not very good.  So going into this place....even with the good reviews...I was skeptical.  My fears, not necessary, thankfully! The atmosphere reminds me of a very chic NYC club/restaurant.  It's very dim and romantical with lots of red velvet drapes and candlelight.  A great place for a special night out! I was excited to see Hanger Steak on the menu because I've really been into the thinly cut rare strips of steak.  So I ordered that which came with vinegar slaw and potato salad.  I was a little confused by the potato salad aspect but it actually ended up to be a delicious mix with the slaw and steak.  it all had a slight balsamic vinegar taste, which i love, and all just beautifully came together for a really fantastic meal!   The bad?  My cosmo was a sad sight, with the poor martini glass only being filled up halfway.  I know they're trying to be cool by bringing it out in the shaker and pouring it out at the table....but put a little more booze in that shaker please!   The other weird thing was that our server was also the hostess and the bartender.  There wasn't many people in the restaurant dining and there were probably 3 other server all doing the same thing.  Weird, right?  It made the service a little slow but since there were so few people dining it didn't become too much of an issue.   They have a tasting menu for around $100 for two people that serves you four courses that I would like to try if I ever come back again (and can convince the hubs to try!).  So there will be a next time, but fill up my cup!
Was here in May 2010, thought I had already left a review. Here's my copy and paste review from tripadvisor: Cannot recommend AG highly enough. We bought the 'escape' package online (at the Sterling Inn and Spa), which included a 3 course dinner. We were a bit surprised that we were the only couple in the restaurant at 7:30 on a Sunday. Another couple arrived about 15 min later. We were there the first weekend of May, not sure if it's typical or not. Based on the food/service, it shouldn't be. Our waiter, Derek, mentioned that the chef prepared a 5 course tasting menu for $10 on top of the pkg dinner. We both opted for the upgrade. We started with an amuse bouche of chicken with truffle oil. First course was salmon cured with elderberry and vodka, served with a beet salad. Second was asparagus with crab hash. Next up was duck breast with duck confit pierogies. Fourth was elk served with potatoes and a dab of osso buco. Finally, for dessert we enjoyed goat cheese cheesecake and strawberry shortcake. I can't describe each course thoughtfully, but suffice it to say we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. It's flabbergasting that a restaurant of this quality would be empty on a Sunday evening. I suppose most travelers have already checked out, but how about the locals? Perhaps fine dining isn't high on everyone's list right now. Anyway, if you're looking for a great meal, AG would be a fantastic choice.
Oh yeah... Local cuisine. Always a must when I travel. Everything I saw, from my plate to my business partner's plate to the other plates around the room looked amazing. As for taste, I didn't share if that's what you're asking. A little pricey, but for a special occasion well worth it. I was on expense account for my trip, so take that with a grain of salt... I might have thought twice on my own nickel. That said, for the quality of food, well worth it. For the location, a little off the beaten path, but go find it. If you're in Niagara Falls on a special trip, like so many are, and you are looking for a great experience and fantastic meal and all local, this is the place.
We are foodies from Chicago, so were pleasantly surprised to find this place. Weary of where we went, since in our immediate viscidity was only a Tony Romas and a Fridays, we looked up on Yelp where best to go and were pointed in AG's direction. Our server, Lindsay, knew her stuff and was extremely friendly and professional. We had the Three Onion and "Jenson" 3 Year Cheddar Velouté, which was heavenly, as well as the recommended rabbit gnocchi. For entrees, we couldn't choose and decided to get 3 so we could have a tasting of them all. The Cracked Pepper Rubbed Canadian Lamb Loin was good, however not my favorite of the 3. I didn't finish this review back when we went, but wanted to make sure they go their review.  A definite must-visit if in the Niagara Falls area!
So good we went back! I booked for six people, and 20 minutes before arriving I phoned and changed it to 12. They happily accommodated us, gave great service, and split our bill 7 ways. Once again, the food, service and ambience was perfect. If you like good food and find yourself in Niagara Falls, go here.
Although difficult to find and a bit off-the-beaten-track in the Sterling Inn & Spa, AG restaurant is a quiet, romantic getaway for a delicious and unpretentious meal featuring many regional ingredients. AG resides in the boutique hotel, the Sterling Inn, and the restaurant itself was tucked away in a dark corner of the building.  The name of the restaurant can be seen from outside the building, but once you walk through these doors it can be a bit confusing. The menu consisted of regional delicacies from Ontario and the dishes were constructed with great care.  I started with a butternut squash soup, which seemed to show up at several restaurants throughout Ontario during the November month.  Although this version was not the best, it was definitely good enough to order again.  For entree I chose a medium-rare beef fillet.  It was cooked exactly to my liking, and I savored every bite.  I was too full for dessert, but they looked great. The real prize at AG though was the Icewine Martini.  I'm a huge fan of icewine already, but this concoction was genius.  Such a simple cocktail, mixing what I believe was an Inniskillin icewine with vodka in a martini glass.  The sweetness of the icewine paired with the vodka was a perfect balance.  These two alcohol champions should be married whenever possible! Service was a bit lacking, but was made-up with a great attitude.  The restaurant was desperately understaffed - towards the end of what is considered tourism season.  Despite being overworked, the staff made up for a lot of this by their politeness, personality, and elbow grease. In my opinion, the price was a bit steep, but not yet enough to keep me away a 2nd time.  Also, if the location were a bit more along the main strip, I predict it would be a packed house every night.  The fact that AG is off-strip makes it a rare and fulfilling find.
Planning a weekend to Niagara with my husband. As I was researching restaurants, I see a lot of positive reviews on AG. Hence, I made a reservation. One of the review recommend the tasting menu, so, we did the tasting menu. It was delicious. Each plates were beautifully presented, using local ingredients. My fav dishes were the pork belly and lamb, just melt in your mouth. It's pretty decently price at $65 for 5-course tasting menu. You can add wine pairing at an additional $40. And, they only offer Ontario wines which are also very decently price. The ambience was pretty romantic. There was live music on Saturday. Service was perfect, very friendly and professional. My only critic was the lack of clear front sign. Firstly, as we walk in the front door of the restaurant/inn, we were staring at a hallway with no clear indication where the restaurant is located. Once we look around, we noticed a sign pointing to the basement "dining room". I think there should be a clear sign as you walk in the front door instead of having to look around for the restaurant. First impression was a bit lacking. Secondly, the tasting menu was not indicated on the menu nor did the waiter mentioned it. We actually had to ask. People may not be awared that it is being offered, which is unfortunate because it's incredible.
Incredible meal. Very nice restaurant for a quiet relaxed night with your woman or man. In fact, if you are dating a man who tells you he is taking you to dinner at AG, marry him and have his babies. The only downside to this restaurant is that it moves well past typical "expensive" and into the realm of insanely expensive. Between my wife and I, we spent nearly 200 dollars. Based on eavesdropping we believe that the table next to us also was averaging about 100 dollars per person MINUS TIP! Well worth it. I will also address the review by D'Arcy M., in which it is noted that the restaurant is a bit pretentious and gloomy. Yes, that is true, and yes it can be nice to visit a place like this once every few years. Unless of course you are, in fact, a pretentious and gloomy person (with loads of cash on hand), in which case you should eat here every night.
Rating AG was a tough one. The food and service was top-notch gourmet with everything absolutely wonderful (5 star). The decor really bothered us. It was incredibly tired, outdated, and strange. The pictures made it look pretty, the reality seemed  cheesy and over the top. I can't imagine better food or service anywhere in Niagara Falls, and actually love the fact that it is off the beat-and-path. For a fine dinner with great service, this is definitely a 'Recommend'.
Wow...this place was truly amazing. Every single thing we ordered was fantastic, so much so that we all shared our meals with each other (there were six of us). Not to mention we had our own private dining room with music set just outside and at the perfect level. The menu changes because they promote and use only local products (farm to table), including the wine they sell...so it was very hard to decide on one dinner. :) Their drink selection is stellar and service is truly phenominal. The waiters description of everything was spot on and when they delivered our meals, he went over each in detail as it was set in front of each person. I had the scallops, which were so huge I could barely finish them...but loved everyone's meals, from the filet to the gnocci.  For dessert, I had the cheesecake with the Lingonberry ice crystals and fresh strawberries while others had the creme brulee and something chocolately that was melt in your mouth awesome. There have been some negative reviews on this place but I really can't think of anything bad. The decor was romantic and charming, set in an old bottling factory. Nice work.
This review may be influenced because of me being tired after a long day if travelling. Got a reservation at 9pm for 1 person and had to wait almost 20 minutes for the table to be ready. I ordered a tasty lamb. The service was slow. The bread was good was scarce. Not the greatest experience
I love the romantic atmosphere - Even though there are other people in the restaurant - you feel like you are having an intimate dinner. The decor has a very lush/rich feel to it. This is defiantly a place you want to come for a special night out. The food is delicious - Every dish is packed with unique flavors that compliment each other. My favorite was the homemade gnocci's and seared scallops. Rich buttery and melts in your mouth. Oh and the martini's are to die for! Each one is better than the other. I highly recommend getting them to share, that way you can try each flavor.
The food and service were solid. The price was 30-50% higher than similar quality in other large cities.
Summary: Amazing quality, awesome ice wine martinis, delicious food, great service, reasonable prices.  Farm to table philosophy in full effect. Decent amount of parking within the Inn parking lot. Went here with my wife for a romantic, gourmet meal based on high ratings and number of reviews on Yelp and Tripadvisor.  When we arrived in the parking lot we lucked out and found a spot.  We then walked around to the entrance of AG that faces the outside and made our way in, down the stairs, and to the check-in area.  We were soon seated for our reservation. It was a Saturday night, so the dining room was pretty full.  Our server introduced himself and explained a little about the restaurant.  He made a couple of recommendations and we started by ordering a couple of ice wine martinis.  They were fantastic! Could have easily consumed several of those if they weren't $15 each. For food we were given an amuse bouche of chilled melon and cucumber soup.  Tasty and refreshing.  We were then given a couple types of bread, one of which was this awesome cheese bread that I had several slices of.  I got the rabbit gnocchi appetizer.  It had some excellent flavors due to the wild mushrooms, truffle oil, and herbs.  The rabbit was well cooked and the gnocchi were nice and tender.  Good stuff. For our entrees we got the beef tenderloin, and the fettuccine with pieces of beef.  The tenderloin was a decent cut and sat on a bed of mashed potatoes (I think).  It was super tender and very tasty.  The fettuccine was nice and al dente in a tasty brown sauce with little chunks of meat.  Also really good. We got some wines throughout the meal and creme brulee for dessert, and the total was about $200 before tip.  Not a steal, but a pretty good price given the quality of the experience.  Well done, AG.
Although there were some things that could be improved upon, overall, the food, decor, and service were all very good. The place is definitely romantic as the dining room is dimly lit. For appetizers, we had some if the salads, which were good, the stuffed figs, and the crab cake. The cakes were good, all meat, but everything on the plate did not quite "marry" well. It had these little pieces of diced sweet potatoes that were spicy and  way undercooked. The apple slaw lacked flavor, and there was a drop, more like a tear of sauce. For entrees we has the pappardelle and the fillet mignon. Both dishes were superb and definitely rich. For dessert we had the chocolate bread pudding and chocolate cake special. The bread pudding was good but the chocolate cake, which was more like a brownie, was a little stale. We had the Trius Cabernet Sauvignon, which was excellent. If you are in the area and are looking for fine dining, this is definitely the place to go, since the options in Niagara Falls are extremely limited.
Amazing...simply Amazing.  Great food..great service.  Highly recommended!!
This restaurant was romantic, quiet and friendly. Our waiter was attentive (but not bothersome), and the food was top notch. The night we dined there, they had a jazz duet performing love. The music was beautiful and added to the lighting, decor for a very romantic atmosphere. Every course and each of the wines we tried were beautiful, tasty and well paired.
Fantastic food and atmosphere. If you didn't know it was there, you would drive right past it. Definitely going back and could not recommend more.
I'm from LA so Canadian cuisine is quite a mystery to me. AG being my first experience I must say it's AMAZING! Came here on a short trip to Niagara Falls. Stopped in with my lovely girlfriend. Missed our reservation but they rescheduled us no problem! We were seated at a nice enclosed corner booth. Ambiance and music were nice and elegant. Wait staff was very friendly and courteous. Food was off the chain! Ordered the Tenderloin... Medium rare.... It was awesome. Obviously pricey but worth the money! The meat was so tender and flavorful... We had wine and desert as well. Everything was very good. If in the area I highly recommend it... Chocolate bread pudding is a must... Waiter gave us free desert wine (Ice Wine) and even gave us a map of local sights to visit! All in all a very great experience.
Great food, but a bit on the heavy side. The wife and I went there to celebrate our anniversary.  We were going wine shopping and wanted to do dinner in the region.  A quick google and we found AG with favourable reviews, so we gave it a go. Overall we had a good time.  It is dark in there after all it is in the basement, their decorating style seems "forced", like they were trying too hard when deciding on their look.  And I've never been in a restaurant that smelled like laundry, lol.  It wasn't bad, it was a clean laundry smell :) , I guess the laundry facilities of the hotel must be close to the restaurant. The wait staff was excellent and attentive.  I personally prefer a bit faster service, but that's just me as once dinner is done I don't have a few cups of coffee and sit around and chat. For appetizers my wife had the ramp tartlet and I had the carpaccio.  At first I thought my carpaccio looked a bit odd, it was dark, very little marbling.  Then I remembered a small word in it's description on the menu, cheval.  Wait a minute did I just eat horse?  I admit my French is terribly bad having not used it since my first year of high school, so out comes the phone and quick google.  Yup, cheval means horse.  It was good, and I'd eat it again, I was just taken by surprise. For our mains she had the Hand Cut Pappardelle Pasta and Beef Tenderloin and I had the Confit of Quebec Duck Leg.  Both were excellent.  My only complaint was my duck was actually too big of a leg and the skin could have been crisper.  But the meat was as tender and as succulent has it should be. For desert we split the creme brulee.  Again excellent.  The tingling sensation from the ginger in the rhubarb sauce that accompanied the brulee was a welcome surprise after eating such a unctuous and heavy meal. The only real negatives for me are the wines and cocktails.  I get it, it's the Niagara region, but having wines from some different locales would be welcomed, all the while still featuring VQA. As far as cocktails go, I've been spoiled(see my review of The Clover Club), so while the AG is not a "cocktail bar", it's cocktail menu is lacking. Would recommend.
What a great find at the top of Lundy Lane! Great food. After reading some of the 'snobbish' reviews I was a bit reserved at first - especially with our kids, but the wait staff quick dissappated that feeling. They have tapas and live music on weekends so we will have to come here again.
AG, I appreciate what you're trying to do. And I don't want to bring you down but I didn't have such a great meal with you. My partner and I dined here while staying at the Sterling in the fall. We had a few glasses of regional wine and dinner at AG. The amuse bouche was a beautiful tiny piece of smoked fish with a house made cracker and creme fraiche accompaniment. Lovely, charming, and unexpected- just perfect. My partner had the Wellington Country tenderloin of beef and I had the Lakeland Game Farm venison loin. We both loved our meals, but felt like they were a little too fussy/tiny. Overall, this place just feels uptight to me. Like it's trying to hard but not in a pretentious way, they just don't really pull off the kind of haute cuisine they're aspiring to. If anything the menu is seasonal Canadian comfort food.. and done up the way it is its just a little too constrained. The dishes feel over-worked. What results is interesting and delicious but also a little disappointing/underwhelming. I wasn't wow'd with the flavour/composition of the dishes and I expect to be for the cost of eating there. At least everything was fresh and delicious. Perfectly cooked, succulent meat. I love the local/ethical focus.. but I don't really think the prices are very ethical for the location, portions (the accompaniments to the meat some as little smears/stacks and it just doesn't do the food/experience justice), and overall ambiance. I felt like I was eating in a banquet hall, the way its in the basement of the hotel. The feeling of the place made me think that people might consider it as a place to hold a funeral reception. Solemn, dark, and muffled but not in a moody or intriguing way. Our server was really nice though, cheery and sweet to us. Although we enjoyed dinner, we didn't feel satisfied or impressed by any means. This place seems like it might be constrained by its location.
I stayed at the hotel Sterling spa Inn for my 1st family International vacation. The front desk recommended the restaurant obviously because it is on their premises. They were RIGHT!!! It was great!!!!!! We told them we had a toddler who might be loud but picked their restaurant because it was our last night in Canada and  it was in the hotel we stayed at. Service, had an veteran waitress and a trainee. They both, did  a great job! Head waiter, very nice and understanding. My daughter ( at the time 13months) started to yell. An old couple sitting about 3tables away said, "It was our night out.". My wife replied "It was our last night on vacation". The husband of the old couple smiled at me making me feel "Don't worry about my wife, she's crazy~!". So I kept my mouth shut and had my beer. My lovely wife knows how I can get when I am pissed off so requested to be isolated. Staff........not even a grin they said please use our private  room! WOW~~~~!!! Great communal oval table and we had it to all ourselves!!! My friend joined me later and we had a wonderful time. Despite the fact that I (only myself) felt a little uncomfortable, service was great and the food was great!!!!!!!! Will always go back when in the area!!!!!!!!
My wife and I came here for a nice anniversary dinner, and were very pleased.  Service was a little bit slow at first, but it got better as the night went on.  The food, however, was superb.  Our favorite dish was the beef tagliatelle, but everything was great.  A fantastic place for a special occasion. Moreover, the chef was very accommodating to our dietary restrictions, and made some on-the-fly changes to the dishes we ordered, which turned out excellent.
Amazing French food.  This place is nicely hidden and under the radar of the tourist trap of niagara.  I had the duck confit and it was perfect.  The tapas for $1 or $2 dollars were great (expectedly very small).  The venison carpaccio was so flavorful that you forget that its bite-sized.  The rice balls were delicious as well.
The food was really good!!.. every dish we tried was Delicious!!!....The service was good, but not the best.. The place is very beautiful!!...
Loved loved loved this place. I came here with my boyfriend on a Niagara weekend getaway - we stayed at the Sterling Inn and Spa mainly because of the reviews of AG. Specializing in ingredients from the local Niagara region, the menu boasts French-Canadian fare that fully expresses the flavor of all Canadian food has to offer. We chose the tasting menu, which was very reasonably priced for what we got ($130 for two) and opted for the wine pairings. The wine pairings were also from the Niagara region. The menu overall was excellent, but there were a couple of dishes that stood out for me. I loved the venison tartar, where the gaminess of the venison was tempered by the spicy arugula and the sparkling rose wine. I also very much enjoyed the salmon encrusted with bee pollen sitting in a bath of squash seafood chowder. The baked pork tenderloin wrapped in prosciutto was a carnivore's dream. I highly recommend the wine pairings - there are many wonderful wines from the Niagara region (be sure to look for the VQA quality sign on the bottle), especially whites and icewine. The atmosphere was very romantic and intimate, even though the restaurant is quite large and open. I would recommend this if you are looking for a quality meal in the Niagara region.
Great place to dine. Quiet, romantic, great service, great food. Beautifully decorated I best food while I was in Niagara.
The fettuccini off their regular menu was great. They also had a seasonal 3 course menu which they switch up once and a while and this time all the courses were cherry themed which was good. It could be really easy to miss the place because it is located inside a hotel. It had an interesting atmosphere and I would definitely go back again.
Had a lovely dinner here last Sunday night.  It was after the busy season, so it was a quiet in there, but that allowed the waitstaff to be really attentive and superb!  It's really high-quality food in an area where no other restaurants compare to it.  Make a date and go!
Way overhyped and overpriced.    I felt the chef fell short on many of his ingredient combinations. the duck two ways was very tasty though.  I wanted a separate order of the corn sauce :-) Desserts were where they really fell short.  $9 for a martini glass of preportioned chocolate mousse is just wrong.  The topping of peaches amaretti cookies, and lemon cream (calling it a trifle isn't correct) was just an odd combination on chocolate.  Sure, this may be the best restaurant in Niagara Falls, but that really isn't saying much when you realize the competition. And being a hotel restaurant, they get the hotel guests that don't realize (or care) that it's an upscale place.  I don't enjoy crying babies and fussy toddlers with parents who ignore them while I try to eat a $30 entree.  I'd read a review where the host suggested room service to a weary, horrbily under-dressed  family, and was hoping I'd see that done again.  No luck.
AG has THE perfect menu. Everything was presented perfectly and tasted amazing! The atmosphere was lovely-an eclectic mix of music, loud enough to hear but quiet enough to hear your company. The service was superb-very knowledgeable and attentive.  Overall experience was divine!
Went here on a Friday night, 10/19 and it did not meet our expectations after reading such good reviews online.  The service was alright, but the food was not that great.  We ordered a cocktail and a beer (not a huge selection of either to choose from).  Cocktail was weak. Started with mussels which were very tiny and served in a bowl with overly sweet broth that overpowered the dish.  I had the Beef Tenderloin which had no char on it, although it still tasted pretty good and was tender, the dish was savory. My girlfriend had a pork duo dish which was very sweet and tasted similar to the cheap pork you get at a Chinese restaurant.  We passed on dessert. The bill was $105 before tip. Service was decent throughout, so can't complain too much. Ambiance was sort of weird in a basement of a hotel. Meh, not worth it.  Not sure why all the 5-star reviews...they deserve 2 stars at most.
They cancelled our reservation when we got there 20 minutes late. Their attitude is tough luck. They never bother to call to let us know despite they called us a day before to confirm. So never be late or just do not go there.
AG is a hidden Gem in Niagara Falls!  The food was incredible and the chef is very creative!  I highly recommend AG for a special evening out!
The restaurant was very nice, modern look and feel to it.  The service was excellent, very attentive waiter, knew his stuff, but not over bearing either.  The food was very good, but probably the reason I did not give it 5 stars.  I had the lamb shank.  It was falling off the bone, but it was not a first class dish in terms of flavor.  My girlfriend had the Ontario County tenderloin, which was an excellent dish.  She enjoyed it very much.
Actually, as far as food is concerned, I am very tempted to give this a 5-star rating! My husband and I went on a very quiet Tues. night, and thought it was great. AG is upscale, to be sure, but low-key, with beautiful, modern decor. Being attached to the 'couples' hotel in Niagara, it has wonderful private booths and a lot of romantic ambiance. The service was great - very personable and attentive. We had risotto and smoked salmon as starters, and both were great - the smoked salmon had a lot of add-ons - pickles and salad and poached pears etc., and I was sure it would be too busy. But no - it was an amazing combination! My husband had lamb that was perfectly cooked and very generous, and I had venison with a spiced bread pudding and pickled cabbage. Classic winter fare, mind-blowing deliciousness! The only issues we had were with the wine list, which was almost 100% Niagara wine and not so extensive even in that... I appreciate the commitment to local, but with food so good, we would have appreciated more choices in wine. Our bottle of red was too cold, also. The music playlist was distracting at times (Johnny Cash singing 'Hurt' right as I dig into perfectly rare venison.....?). Finally, the restaurant is basically in a basement, and sure enough, I was uncomfortably cold for most of the meal (wine helps!). But apart from these minor complaints, we thought the meal was worth every penny. Very highly recommend!
I must say the idea of eating at a hotel restaurant scared me a bit.  But it was close and our other choices were chains.  Ok we decided to try it. First off, amazing service.  They went above and beyond to provide us with excellent service. The menu itself was incredible. All locally sourced, the selection was creative and inspired. My salad of beets and chèvre was simple and elegant. My husband ordered the bone marrow and it was wonderful. Beautifully presented and cooked perfectly with a course salt and grainy mustard to accent the rich flavor. Alright I was impressed. Then the entree came and I was in true foodie heaven. Mine was confit of duck leg over rabbit sausage and cassoulet. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. The duck was cooked perfectly and fell off the bone when I cut into it. The sausage was savory with a bit of a kick. The beans were also cooked well, not mushy or gummy. Each bite revealed a different flavor. My husband ordered the espresso crusted venison and again it was perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful  Served over a homemade spaetzle it was pure comfort food. I highly recommend AG for your next Niagara Falls dining experience.
Try the tasting menu
The food here was excellent!  The service was great as well.  It is pricey but worth it.  Our 12 year old and 10 year old enjoyed it as well.  It is worth going to!  Cool ambience too
What a wonderful, high-end place, classy in every way. My wife and I went there with our eight-year old daughter, for whom they made a dish of buttered fettucine. The helpful and refined wait staff took great care of us. We had the gnocchi, the salad, the filet of beef, and the poached pear. My wife is a vegetarian, and they easily accommodated her. Good bread, wine, and gin and tonic. Very intimate and comfortable seating. Google maps are a little off, so look for the entrance on Ellen Street.
I came to the falls for five days, and carefully planned ever meal. I go away and try to experience the food and the culture to get to know the area. I saved AG for my last night. We looked at the menu and decided to order appetizers and a drink. my wife ordered the crab cakes and i started with a salad, both reasonably priced at 13 and 10 dollars my wife had a 3oz vodka with cranberry juice. The crab cakes had a nice drizzled sauce and were deep-fried. I have had crab cakes everywhere from Boston the the Carolina's. It was deep-fried white fish no crab to be found at all. We did not like it, my salad was not nearly as good as a salad that i can get in a deli or Applebee's. Lastly her drink was 30 dollars i have never paid more then 18 anywhere. We skipped dinner and went back to WeinKeller's . During my whole stay AG was my only disappointment. I guess sometimes a good rating can work against you I suggest you save your money,  this is just an over priced hotel restaurant.
I went to AG because of the reviews on Yelp. What a delicious dinner. The food was creative, perfectly cooked and the staff was wonderful. By far one of the best meals i've had of late. I'm from Toronto and this dinner would have been $200 at home. At $127 for 2 apps, 2 mains, 1 dessert, 1 cocktail, and paired with this level of quality, presentation and service, I'd come back to Niagara Falls just for this restaurant.
Absolutely delicious food in a very romantic and intimate setting. The amuse bouche was an amazing sweet potato and cream soup. Dinner rolls were lacking, but the entrees were superb and partly from local vendors. Try the ice wine martini: it was great! The food here is very pricey but we received a voucher from a groupon we bought, making it all much more affordable.
Wife and I went to AG for our anniversary -- found the place as a result of a Yelp search  BTW .  This is BY FAR the most sophisticated dining you're going to find on the Niagara frontier. We spent a ton of money, but everything was fantastic.  We waited at the bar to get a private table (if you want privacy - there are a few tables/booths  The rest of the seating is NYC 'row' style where you're going to be sitting next to strangers.  Both are good - it just depends what you're going for)   The chef's 'thing' is serving all locally sourced fare - and they do a great job.. I think we tried about everything on the menu before we were done -we each did a tasting menu  and then we ordered half a dozen extra appetizers  to share.   It's as good as anything I've had in the US, Canada, or Europe.  Service was friendly, helpful, and unpretentious.   I really hope they make it because there is precious little else in Niagara Falls ON worth spending money on.  Which, BTW, is another thing to mention - AG  is actually very reasonably priced compared to similar places elsewhere - but like any other fine dining place if you buy drinks,  a bottle or two of wine,  and get the whole monty of a la carte  it adds up.
