Had dinner here with a group of colleagues in town for a conference. The food was excellent. Everything was prepared perfectly. One of the desserts was kind of under-whelming, but that was the only exception. The service was very slow though. Perhaps that was because of our large group size, but we assumed it was because they are students and still learning. If yelp allowed I would give it 4 1/2 stars as a nod to the slow service, but the food was so good I had to give it 5. We came again recently and were very disappointed to see that Yelp has their hours listed incorrectly- they are closed on Sundays.
I was expecting something nice after looking up the reviews. The waitress seemed as though it was her first day being a waitress ever. She talked to herself as she placed our silverware wondering which way utensils should be turned. The food presentation looked great but that's where it ended. My broccolini was salted so much when prepared that I couldn't eat it. It literally burnt my mouth when I tasted it. The steak didn't have any flavor. The grits were actually very good with the bacon jam on top. The croutons tasted like sweet french toast with syrup and didn't match with the meal at all. My husband has a pork chop and it was seasoned so heavily with fennel that he had to scrape both sides. He scraped off about 4 tablespoons of fennel from one pork chop. A local had recommended Michael's on Piney St. Wish we had gone with their recommendation. I bet it would have tasted better and been half the price.
Excellent establishment.   Food was fantastic, balanced flavors, decent variety, well made and nice presentation.    The ambiance is excellent as well.   I'm guessing it's one of the top places to eat around here.   Some of the workers are culinary students.   I would give extra points for tolerating our little minions if I could.   We dressed pretty casual; I would recommend something nicer...business casual or semi-formal(ish)
This place is a bit tricky to locate since it's not viewable from outside. You need to go inside the conference center to find it. Menu is good. Pizzas are tasty. Since it's run by the culinary institute,  everyone seems to be in training, which is fine. The only catch we found with this place is that servie is a bit slow, particularly given we weren't there during a rush hour time. Good wine list and beers on tap.
A little hard to find, go inside the culinary school building then turn left. Ordered roasted peaches salad (a bit unexpected-sweet and sour and tart flavors, small one person salad) and Chilean Sea Bass (great! Melts in your mouth and watercress is delicious accompaniment). Very nice attentive staff especially since I'm eating alone but it's kind of dead in here since it's post Labor Day. Nice relaxed atmosphere. A bit expensive but worth it!
No outdoor dining while we were there. Food was good but when I asked for mustard for my pork chop got what looked like gulden's. A little shocked they didn't have a decent mustard, I think I may knock off an extra star for that.  Service was attentive, maybe overly so, until I actually wanted something (mustard, wine refill). Overall probably one of the better options Niagara falls has to offer but that's not exactly high praise. I did bring some unruly ankle biters and they were well received and catered to by the wait staff, 1 star added back for that.
Must have been on off night here. A five minute wait turned into 25 and 1-1/2 hours later our meals arrived. And these were our meals: GF pizza no cheese,  1/2 size margherita pizza and an order of spaghetti alla carbonara. The staff was super nice and apologetic and gave us our meal at no charge. It was my first and last time having carbonara which was okay tasting except the pasta was way overcooked and kind of one conglomerated mass on the plate. Thank heavens our daughter was too tired to see the fireworks at the falls as was our original intention-we wouldn't have made it in time.
My boyfriend and I chose Savor to celebrate our one year anniversary, we got all dressed up and braved the cold to eat some fancy cuisine. Both of us were from the area so we had no problem finding Savor. Our coats were taken off at the entrance, the clerk was very nice and complimented my dress. We were led to our reserved table for two, it was by the window so I was a little cold but not enough to request a seat change. I loved the decor, very elegant and clean. I liked how I could look to my right and see the chefs bustling around. Drink orders were taken, I stuck with water and my boyfriend ordered beer. It took a little bit for the bread to be brought to us but when it did arrive it came with three variations of dipping oil. I had to hold myself back from eating too much to save room for the actual dinner. My Caesar salad was mixed greens with dressing, no toppings such as croutons, cucumbers, or even tomatoes but it was still good and crunchy. My boyfriend was less then impressed with his salad because he is a die hard crouton fan but he still ate it. Our waitress brought over a "gift from the chef" it was a potato pancake with horsey sauce with a tooth pick holding it together. My boyfriend loved it but I hate horsey sauce so I gave him mine. We both ordered the Meyer's Ranch Strip Steak. I was amazed at how nicely put together the meal looked. The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking, I enjoyed the cheesy grits, leafy asparagus, and bacon jam but avoided the radicchio slaw completely because I'm not a fan of mustard. Corn breaded croutons were placed along the outside of the food, pretty tasty! For dessert we ordered the sampler. It came with four bite sized desserts. I ate the Strawberry Mousse and Pecan Pie while my boyfriend ate the Carmel Cake and Chocolate Brownie. I was able to select what type of hot tea I wanted to drink so that was a nice touch. I did not pay the bill but I'm assuming it was around $100. I would gladly eat at Savor again. Maybe we will go every anniversary!
The US side of Niagara Falls doesn't have many food options so we were happy to find Savor at the new culinary institute. We had the burger and the lamb gyro special, both were excellent and the restaurant was packed! We checked out the other yelp spots and they were empty or un-appealing, so you might as well just come here.
This is not your average tourist trap food. We were served gourmet food at an amazing price. My wife, who only eats two cheeseburgers a year, decided to get one, and was not disappointed. I had the steak in the grass, and it was delicious. If I lived around here, I would bring out of town visitors here on a frequent basis, if only to eat there myself.
Dinner was delicious, service was slow, drinks excellent, no bus people to clean tables and outside that does make a difference. But overall just what we wanted for dinner, salad and soups.
Great food and spectacular service! Found this place while staying at the Sheraton nearby, and I must say the reviews from here are what guided me here. As usual they were very right. I recommend it to anyone who is in the Niagara and looking for a great fine dining experience
Worst dining experience I ever had in Niagara Falls. My boyfriend and I waited at the front desk for half an hour without being served. Three groups of ppl left besides us without ordering. Its gonna take forever to enjoy a meal here.
All the right elements for 5 stars, but poor execution.   Mixed quality on preparation and service. For example the table was never fully cleared between courses yet we were given new silverware for each new plate. Food ingredients were good but portions of the plate were over done or sat under heat lamp to long. I would expect better for the price.
I stumbled upon Savor while browsing restaurants in the Niagara Falls area, after reading the handful of reviews and checking out the menu I knew we had to give it a shot! I called on a Friday afternoon and made reservations for that evening. The first thing I will point out is that it is slightly difficult to locate, there is no sign indicating where the restaurant is because it is located in the Culinary Institute building (threw us for a loop!) We were seated immediately upon arrival which was appreciated since we were starving! Right off the bat I noticed the atmosphere was very open but intimate at the same time. The only criticism I took note of was that it could use a deep clean, I saw quite a few cobwebs from my table which in my opinion isn't the greatest decor accent. We started off with a bottle of wine and an order of the calamari. The calamari definitely had a good flavor to it but the breading crumbled off every time I tried to dip it in the accompanying sauce which we found kind of annoying so eventually we called quits on that part of the dish. For the main course we both decided to go with the Oscar Filet, a filet covered in fresh crab accompanied by asparagus. Normally I don't like ordering the same thing as Mike, I would rather just try a bite of whatever he gets and vice versa but apparently we were both in a steak mood! Our dinners were a bit of a wait which was unexpected based on how quickly our appetizer was delivered. After about 45 minutes the waitress brought our dinners out and I made two observations within moments of it being set down. First of all, beautiful presentation of the filet, the second observation, that's a small steak! Needless to say we were both a little disappointed because of how hungry we both were but I must say, it was a delicious cut of meat! We skipped a formal dessert order but were surprised when the waitress brought out two truffles as a sweet way to end our meal, a nice touch. Overall, a nice experience! I would recommend others try this place out - great location if you are looking to spend a night out in the falls, close proximity to the falls and to the casino. Not sure we would rush back ourselves but we are glad we tried it out!
Thanks fellow Yelpers - a GREAT lunch. Savor is a bit hard to find as it is inside a mall - kind of.  And while my GPS got me to the outside - there were no signs for the restaurant. The ambiance is high end but not pretentious.  The service is excellent!   And, my Steak in the Grass sandwich was savory - just great! While we are just visiting - I would love to come back again and again and again.
Oversold as a five-star experience. Cocktails what you'd expect from a chain restaurant. Food so-so -- nothing special at all. Server was nice enough but had no knowledge of the beer on tap except what was written on the menu -- and weirdly only offered cocktails and wine to my wife and suggested beer for me (exactly wrong).  Wouldn't complain if restaurant didn't bill itself as fancier than it is -- but it clearly does, so I'm holding it to that standard. Overall, you won't regret dining here -- as long as you don't get your hopes up.
Five star quality at three star prices. I could blindly pick any item off the menu and fall in love with it. Staff and atmosphere amazing. Highly recommended to all
We arrived in Niagara Falls at dinnertime, after a long day of driving, ready for food. We ended up finding Savor and getting really excited about the menu. It's part of a cooking school and that's reflected in the price... sort of. I will say, our server was very good, if not a little robotic. She missed informed me about a beer I ordered, saying it was an amber ale, not a Belgian blonde. However, it still tasted good and the food was absolutely incredible! Get the beet salad. You'll be so glad you did. Even though we were just visiting and this ended up costing a bit more than we initially wanted to spend (btw their online menu is NOT accurate to their actual menu), I don't regret it at all. I'd definitely eat here again.
We had an excellent dinner here; if your party is 8 people or so, I recommend reserving the chef's table.  It's a raised table that seats 10, is separated from the rest of the dining room, has great views of the kitchen areas and is given attentive service.   The food was well prepared and nicely presented; everyone was pleased with their selection- always a challenge with a big, raucous group!
We went for a work function and it was better than average but not great. A lot of little things were off  - fish over cooked, slow service, but waiter was nice and most of the food good. I wish it was better really wanted to give a good review.
Beautiful space. Fabulous service. Gorgeous presentation and deliciously prepared dishes.I love their terrace (but will bring bug spray the next time I go in the evening). So glad that we have such a restaurant in the Falls. Highly recommended.
We went to Savor during Restaurant Week, an inexpensive way to sample a new place, and we were deeply impressed with the food, the decor, the service, the whole package. I can't imagine how it could have been better. I had the peppercorn crusted filet, which was outstanding: perfectly cooked, a kick from the peppercorns without overwhelming the steak, and the mashed potatoes with red cabbage were (was?) delicious. My wife had the salmon and she was was very happy... Both of these are available as regular menu items. I assume that the wait staff are students at the NF Culinary Institute, and they were perfect: attentive, professional, they neither hovered nor disappeared. It's great to have a first class restaurant such as Savor in the downtown Falls district; we'll be back, frequently.
This place is amazing!
what a great little hidden gem!!! yeah, it is a bit tricky trying to find this place. it is in the  culinary school building, but has no name posted outside......but it is well worth the time trying to track it down!!! service is friendly, professional and well polished menu is varied with something to suit any pallet! my steak was buttery delicious, perfectly cooked, tender and juicy!!! the beet salad was heaven!!! and the charcutterie plate (sp?) on special was enormous!!!! what a great place for a wonderfully romantic dinner or to make any special occassion more special!!!!
Best food so far in Niagara!
Savors restaurant is a man made Wonder of the Falls!!!.  N.C.C.C. does amazing things for the palate and the eyes.  From the time you walk in you are treated like you really matter.   The wine list is excellent.   The crab cake appetizers were filled with chunks of crabmeat.   And the open hearth oven baked Myers farm steak and cheese pizza on a thin flaky crust was superb.  5 stars all the way!
Great looking space with great service and beautifully delicious food.  Was going to go to The Canadian side for dinner and the bridge was backed up.  Decided to try this restaurant.  Don't be afraid it is a school.  Delicious.
Just what Niagara Falls, ny has been waiting for!  Delicious food, great wine list, beautiful atmosphere, and attentive staff. Something for every price range.
