Went to Canyon Creek while visiting Niagara Falls for our 10th wedding anniversary.  This place is fantastic.  The waitstaff provided exceptional service, especially our server Cindy.  They seated us at the windows and the view is breathtaking. The white wine sangria was delicious and recommended by our server - thank you for that deliciousness! I went with Cindys recommendation of the coconut shrimp as my meal and was not disappointed! Best coconut shrimp I've ever had!  The sauce they serve with it was awesome too with a nice hint of horseradish - delish!  The hubby went with the sirloin which was some of the best I've ever had.  In a town with lots of steak options I highly recommend Canyon Creek! In nice fashion they brought us a delicious dessert complete with a sparkler to finish out our celebration.  When we're back in Niagara again we will definitely come here again!
The food was great, the wait service incredible, and the location exceptional. Our only complaint was with the hostesses -- don't be afraid to ask about a better table -- we had requested a booth with a fall's view on the reservation, and they initially tried to seat us at a table well away from the window.  Upon request, they did seat us at an open booth with a view...
Beautiful location but everything else was very average considering the prices are fairly high. My biggest problem with this restaurant is the fact that they are steakhouse, but they don't know how to cook steaks.  Everyone's steak at our table was overcooked the mediums were medium well, the rares were medium rare and the well-done's were like leather belts.   Maybe I just got there on a bad night, but I can't rate this establishment more than a two star.
This was the perfect place for my birthday!  After reading the reviews then actually going to the restaurant to make the reservations, it could not have been better. We were seated in one of the only tables that still has a partial view of the falls and otherwise is surrounded by lovely trees.  I'm not usually a meat person but I ordered the prime rib and jokingly asked if there was a lean cut. There absolutely was and cooked to perfection and my mashed potatoes were sensational !  My husband had a ribeye steak which was even tender enough for me.  Then we were given the dessert menu only to have them bring out a brownie cake/ice cream with a sparkler. I know others have mentioned that but it is such a nice gesture and very yummy. The prices were not bad for the surrounding area and much less than some place like The Keg. I would go back in a heartbeat!
All we can say is Wow!  Asian Wonton App was delish. I had the Cedar Plank Salmon which was wonderful. Hubby had ribs which were awesome. Great server-Kate and atmosphere that was so very comfortable. Great food. Great night!! Thanks!!
The steak is well prepared and the atmosphere is nice. I think it's a bit overpriced for what is offered. The location is fantastic. However, I would have expected better service. Ovetall, it's good!
Great steaks!I had the Coffee Crusted Steak and loved it!!Drank a bottle of Beringer Cabernet with my gorgeous wife!
Very happy with the service at Canyon Creek. Our waiter, Connor, was fantastic and even had suggestions for a dairy free ice cream spot and a gluten free bakery. I ordered the chicken and quinoa salad (hold the chicken) and it was very good. My husband had the fish tacos and LOVED them. The only reason I do not give a five star is because there was a gluten free vegan item on the menu already. However there was no issue with asking what foods were gluten free and dairy free.
A really good choice for dinner after a full day of adventure around the Falls.  The atmosphere was decidedly upscale and we had a glimpse of Horseshoe Falls from our table, which was unexpected.  The waitress was wonderful in answering our questions and the meal choices, and then seeing our special requests were honored.  Dinner was unrushed and all of the food delicious.  You can't go wrong going to Canyon Creek when you are visiting the Falls.
The view is beautiful.  I recommend it and advise that a reservation is made if you want to be seated at a window and enjoy the Niagara Falls.  The Canyon Burger was very good but lacked presentation,  Pretty on the outside, but inside?  The last end of a tomato, a sliced red onion that was missing rings, the pickle only was on one half, and the lettuce as well.  One cannot make this stuff up.  $13.00 requires that I taste all the ingredients with each bite. So, yes go!  I insist.  Nonetheless, be specific with your order and ask for Mayonnaise if you care for it ahead of time.  Somehow the waitresses disregarded my request for Mayonnaise.  They can hardly dress your burger but want to know if you want a salad for an extra $4.00!!  Really? Oh and if you are going to ask me if I want fresh pepper and salt, please have it handy.  Did you expect me to wait while you went and got it, like I waited for the Mayonnaise. Both the waitress and the Bartender where extremely polite and attentive ****  4 stars well earned.
This restaurant has everything I am looking for in a fine dining experience: friendly, knowledgeable staff, unique selections, fresh ingredients, gorgeous view, and well timed delivery of each course. A few highlights were the grapefruit cocktail (with egg whites!), the lobster guacamole, the Kansas City steak soup, and the coffee crusted steak. I had a small issue with my salad, and I later received an apology email from the manager. At the end of our meal, our waitress brought us a sparkling dessert to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
Boyfriend and I decided that we wanted to have a fancy steak dinner on our second night stay in the area, but didn't want to venture too far from our hotel because we didn't want to miss the 9pm fireworks (which only lasted like 4 minutes by the way). The chophouse is inside the casino/mall all the way to the far right on the first floor. We didn't have a reservation, but the 2 of us were seated immediately in a booth that could hold about 6 people. We started out with a bottle of wine and our super friendly server gave us a basket of their house wheat bread served with honey butter. We decided to skip the appetizers. I ordered the bacon wrapped filet mignon with the roasted vegetables and he ordered the peppercorn steak with mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. I haven't had filet mignon in a LONG time, but this one was definitely a little tougher than I recall filet mignon being. It was tasty and cooked as I ordered it, but it just wasn't the "melt in your mouth" good that I was expecting. I actually preferred my boyfriend's meal. The steak was heavily peppered - like coated in peppercorns - but I like that. I feel like his steak was the same tenderness as mine. Also, the garlic mashed potatoes were bangin'! SO freaking good - I probably could have just eaten and entire plate of that. Mixed veggies were fresh and tender crisp and tasted like they were cooked in butter and a seasoned salt. Yum! For dessert we had the brownie. It was a little dry and really not that inspired. I probably wouldn't order that again. Overall we had a good meal here. If we came back, I would probably avoid the filet and get the peppercorn steak.. it was a a bit cheaper, but came with a lot more food and tasted just as good.
Great time at Canyon Creek. We took in a meal here after seeing Kevin James perform. This is our second time here, the first was on our wedding night. Both times we had great service. The waiter this time was really friendly and also quite funny. I wish I could remember his name. The food was as expected from this restaurant-Excellent! My husband's steak was cooked to perfection (medium rare) and my hunter chicken was amazing. Can't wait to go back again! The only regret I have is not getting a table with a view. Next time we will request one. I also wouldn't mind seeing a few more menu options to choose from.
Food was very good, especially liked the lettuce wraps. The service was excellent, and the view was breathtaking.
Canyon Creek Chophouse Celebrated my husband's 35th birthday at Canyon Creek Chophouse based on the awesome reviews from yelp. The ambiance of the restaurant was really nice. Depending on where you are seated you will have very romantic scenery of the falls. Many reviewers said they only saw mist, but chances they are sitting in the center of the restaurant. You will need to be seated  along the windows on the side of entry to get a decent view. While placing your reservation, be sure to request a booth with a view of the falls and notifying of any special celebrations. For birthdays, they even give a brownie and ice cream. My husband loved the rack of ribs, which was served with a side of fries and coleslaw. He also ordered the calamari appetizer which was very delicious. I had the ravioli with shrimp and a side salad, which were okay. However, the drinks were superb! I had an ice wine martini and hubby ordered a Long Island iced tea. If I went again, we would just order drinks and appetizers. Everything totaled $79.00 canadian plus tip. As for the service, the server left quite a bit to be desired and was attentive, but not very polite. Overall, I rate our experience 3 stars and would likely give it another try and hopefully have a different server too!
Let's start with this: I would return to Canyon Creek in a heartbeat. In a town with limited good food options, Canyon Creek is a definite find. While pricey, the value is good. I thought the view of the falls would be better; for a 7pm reservation, we had what looked like a great window seat, but the trees really block the view of the Falls. Ok, on to the meal.  Our waitress could not have been better. Very friendly, professional, and attentive. The avocado, bacon, and bleu cheese salad was delicious. My son loved the loaded baked potato soup appetizer. My kids' steaks were both cooked perfectly--one medium rare and one medium. My wife's salmon was very good. But my NY Strip....Oh, my NY Strip.  Ordered medium rare, it came out very rare.  Like dark, dark red. So, I asked our waitress to have the kitchen give it a little more heat. I think I even specified "it only needs a minute or so" to hint that they shouldn't burn the thing.  It took a few minutes to come back (delivered by Jordan, the manager), who apologized and said "this should be much better for you." Well, I cut into it, and it was medium well...hardly any pink left actually. Thankfully, the steak was very flavorful and juicy still. I ate it, but sadly. When asked, I told (and showed) our waitress how overdone it was. She could not have been more apologetic and genuinely felt bad about the kitchen's error. She said she would let the manager know. A few minutes later, Jordan came by and, again, could not have expressed his disappointment any more than he did. He admitted the kitchen's mistake, said that it should never happen, much less twice on one steak. He said the steak would be on the house and that he would make some other adjustments as well, He just couldn't have handled it more graciously. When the bill arrived, it was as promised, and the other 'adjustments' turned out to be 15% off a number of other items we had ordered. This was a more than generous gesture on the restaurant's behalf. I tipped generously on the full (pre-comped) amount of the bill, and off we went. So, I had a disappointing steak, but an excellent experience. I encourage others to head to the Canyon Creek at Fallsview Casino. You will be well taken care of by the staff and management there.
Great meal. The food was delicious and the service was great. Our 2 person table was a little cramped, and since we came late at night there were other open tables we could have been seated at. Otherwise a great meal and definitely recommend eating here!
Myself and my boyfriend went here because we read some good reviews online and were looking for a good and a little bit fancier restaurant while on vacation in the Hilton Hotel (where this restaurant is located).  It's a bit pricey, but the food is delicious and the views of Niagara Falls are definitely worth it.  The service was great (minus the fact that my server didn't know what a Bay Breeze was and brought me a Sea Breeze instead - maybe it's an American thing?) and the restaurant was nice and intimate for our date night.  I highly recommend the prime rib and the brownie for dessert.  It was to die for.  Plus, it has free wifi if you ask your server for the password.
We did not have anything fancy (other than the seared tuna appetizer that was the special, which was awesome!) - we got sandwiches and a caeser salad (the latter could have used a bit more dressing and darn, I wish it had been made with fresh caeser dressing..but the chicken was good!) I particularly liked how nice the hostess and waiter was, very attentive and polite. We got a great seat at the place, right next to the window that overlooked the falls. The only down side, which I cannot attribute to the 4-star rating and is more of a personal qualm) is with the location of this place. I planned to go here before we ever arrived at Niagara Falls and took my husband on a wild goose chase allll around town (and then around the mall that it's in!) to find it. It was worth it for the view and tuna, but I wish it was more apparent where this place is. 4 stars only because we did not have the menu's best, and the salad and club sandwich were great but not excellent.
Really a 3.5 star review. Service was out of this world. Food - Prime Rib, mashed potatoes, Caesar salad all good, just not great. I would go back if I was in Niagara Falls, Ont. if I were here for a week. But too many other places to try.
My prime rib was the best I've ever had.  I think I managed a "Oh my god, this is so good" in between my groans of happiness.   Extra bonus for having spectacular views of the falls.
It kills me to give this place 4 stars b/c it pretty much deserves 5.  If it weren't for our first impression (due to our server).  We made a reservation for 6:15p, were immediately seated in a semi-empty restaurant (I guess we were early for the average dinner crowd), and after being seated, it took 10+ minutes before a server came to see us!  At one point, a server stopped by and let us know that "our" server would be by soon, but nothing for another 5+ minutes.  It was pretty crazy for such a nice place. Eventually, our server did show up, and what really sucked was, when she did, she didn't apologize.  My wife and I have both been servers in "past lives," and when you get to a table that you're not sure how long they've been sitting... you apologize for the wait, regardless of whether it was 2 minutes or 20.  Anyway, kinda rubbed us the wrong way. In the end, however, the food was amazing, the ambiance was great, the rest of the service was fine (our server could've been more attentive, but I guess she was just not cut out for the job/career).   My wife had the tomato shrimp ravioli and loved it.  I had the 8 oz prime rib and it was also amazing (as was the horseradish sauce it came with).  The garlic/chive mashed potatoes were awesome.  I had one of the best side-caesar salads I've ever had (and I've been to a LOT of really nice restaurants in my day).  The asparagus was cooked to perfection.  The bread and honey butter was really good, even though I'm not a big bread fan.  Dessert (which was a brownie, ice cream, and vanilla caramel glaze) was out of this world.  I also had a couple martinis, which were again, top-notch. Definitely would recommend this place and would definitely go back, but I'd make sure you ask for a great server.
Very yummy!! The view isn't great of the falls, but still nice, overlooking the small casino fountain and trees, with a spec view of the NY falls.  Prime Rib sliders DAMN! So good, big red oakey, chewy wine, not so much, martini was amazing though.  The bread is good, butter better! Caesar Salad DELISH! Had the prime rib fettucini, was good, NOT GREAT,  but should have done a burger or steak for crying outloud. Service was awesome, ambience was very nice.
After checking the ratings for the Skylon and Hilton Watermark and deciding that we had spent enough money on mediocre meals, we decided to try Canyon Creek based on their ratings. Best decision of our 3-day stay in Niagara Falls. The food was fantastic. My wife had the prime rib and lobster-mash potatoes which she couldn't stop raving about. I had the Cheddar Bacon Burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. My wife claims the Frozen Peach Bellini was the best she's ever had. Our server Jackie was attentive and friendly and offered excellent advice on all of our questions. If you're going to be in the area and are looking for an excellent meal on-par price-wise with all the other restaurants around, don't go anywhere but the Canyon Creek Chophouse.
A nice dinner on a Saturday night... Seated at a comfortable table partially overlooking the Falls - our waitress very pleasantly went over the menu while offering suggestions. Warm delicious wheat bread with butter was immediately served and was the perfect start to a fine evening. We decided on the appetizer recommended  "Canyon Creek Dip" - fresh Spinach and tomato salsa dip  with tortilla chips. Nice and lite we had plenty of room for what followed. We stayed basic on the mains with the Canyon Cheddar Burger and Hand-Made Veggie Burger. The Cheddar Burger  was correctly cooked per request (medium well) with all the right condiments / compliments (pickles, onions, tomato, lettuce) perfectly stationed - nice / neat and very good. The accompanying sweet potato fries - a touch crispy - were fine. Similar experience with the Veggie Burger. The BBQ sauce combined with the goat and cheddar cheeses worked perfectly. The dessert menu looked great but we didn't have the space. Leaving very satisfied - today's meal almost made us forget the horrible experience we had at GOLDEN LOTUS the night before (stay far away....).
My husband and I went to Canyon Creek Chophouse after spending the day touring around Niagara Falls.  Our waitress (which I forgot her name) - was great. she gave excellent suggestions for appetizers- we shared the Asian nachos (delicious). Wine & Drinks were great.  My gourmet meatloaf was perfect and my husbands prime rib was out of this world. The waitress knew we were celebrating my husbands birthday and gave him a complimentary dessert of his choice (pecan pie)- which is made on the premises - AMAZING.....our table overlooked the American falls- which is a great view.  Great atmosphere, great service, great food! Also our reservation was for 7 pm but we arrived a little early (30 minutes)- and they took us with no problem!
I was pleasantly surprised given that it was a "chain" restaurant. but our hostess was very nice and accommodating, our server very helpful, and our prime rib dinners were amazing! Soft juicy flavorful prime rib, only misstep was some tough stringy tendon in a part of my cut. Price is little high but hey you are enjoying a fine cut of meat with prime view of one of the worlds wonder. Check out my picture - it says a thousand words!
The food was delicious and reasonably priced for such a touristy area (high but at least tasty). Lobster guacamole was unique and yummy. Warm, crusty bread. Partner ordered the chipotle steak and really enjoyed. I really liked the fish tacos, a little dressing heavy on the side salad.
Giving a double thumbs up for our whole dining experience!! Atmosphere, Food, Service, View was AWESOME!! We celebrated my daughter's 19th birthday.  We happened to arrive an hour early and they seated us right away.  Our request for a great view was granted.  We all celebrated with a new HOUSE MARTINI.  Cucumber and Melon (AMAZINGLY FRESH !) this will be a big hit in the summer! We were all thoroughly impressed with our dinners.  While waiting for our cake to be brought out to end our meal, we were presented with champagne (Our daughters had a sparkler in it!) That was very SWEET! Thank you for making a wonderful milestone in my daughters life very memorable.  We will definitely be back
2 nd time here.  1 st was 2 years ago. A little disappointed this time. Overpriced for amount of food and quality not near as good this time. Just ok. Steak was fair. Bread was good. Kids steaks  were small, thin, hard and overdone. They didn't even eat much of them . Really looked forward to it and walked out wanting more and feeling like overpaid greatly
Pros: Good food, albeit a bit salty.  My beef ribs were tasty and the portion was huge.  My friend's filet mignon was even better though -- awesomely juicy and delicious.  The view of the falls from this resto are stunning too, which is part of the reason why we chose to come here. Cons: While our waitress was great, the service overall was just OK. It took almost 5 minutes for a hostess to finally greet us at the door, so that was a bit annoying.   Overall, this place was pretty good.
My wife and I dined here in June 2012.  Good food and nice ambiance. Dinner (salad, meal, desert) for two with drinks in the $80 range. Food arrived hot and all tasted well. Nice experience and the wait staff was responsive. Would definitely dine here again.
One of the best restaurants I've been too staying/visiting the falls this past summer. Our hostess seated us where we wanted. Our sever had great sense for vegetarian friendly dishes, wine knowkedge etc. really helpful lady. We ordered for apps, crab cakes and house special soup, starter drinks, he got some heavy whiskey drink and I got piña colada. She brought us fresh baked bread before we got our dinner and i dont remember the bottle of white wines name. I ordered the fettuccini alfredo pasta with sun dried tomatoes and garlic bread. He got rib eye steak well done with mashed potatoes and another side. Dessert we got cherry cheesecake. Sooo tender and moist yet flavorful but not too sweet either. All the plates we're very nicely decorated and food was flavorful and filling. I couldn't even suck in my stomach if I wanted too lol
Goat Cheese Penne Pasta, was outstanding, the Service was even better!! Peter was an excellent server!!
I had low expectations for this - it's a chain in a mini mall that is attached to a casino, so I expected bland and overpriced. I was very pleasantly surprised. The salads (had garden and ceasar) were very good. They are a little heavy on the dressing, but still very good.  We had beef and salmon and both were excellent.  The sauce on the salmon we especially good.  The sides (potato, veggies) were also very good.  We also tried a couple of desert items that were ok, although nothing special.  The food prices were a little high (it is Niagara Falls) but nowhere near as bad as other, similar places. The atmosphere is nice as well.  Comfortable eats, lots of windows and wood.  The bar looked nice.  To be honest, I didn't think the views were that great.  It's not the restuarant's fault, but the trees block a lot of the falls view.  Maybe it's better when the leaves are offf the trees.  I wouldn't wait for a table with a view.   One negative: the hostess acted stunned when we said we did not have a reservation (it was about 7 PM on a weeknight).  We then walked in the restaurant was, at best, a third full.  It never got more than half full.  I thought about thanking the hostess for "squeezing us in" but went the polite route.
Before I go any farther, we only came here for Happy Hour, so if you're looking for a place to eat a full, traditional dinner in Niagara Falls: 1.) Read someone else's review of this place and be prepared to spend a lot of $ 2.) Read my reviews of Wing World and Lotus Garden and enjoy huge portions at low prices Anyhow, Sheila F. and I were looking for somewhere romantic, yet affordable, for dinner when we made a quick overnight getaway to Niagara Falls. I had always wanted to eat somewhere within Fallsview Casino too, but most of the places either had bad reviews or were super expensive. I forget how exactly I found this, but in any case, when I saw they had a "5 at 5" menu during Happy Hour with a number of good menu items for $5 each, I thought this would be a great place to go. We had 3 of the 5 appetizers: Prime Rib Quesadilla, Prime Rib Sandwich, and Moroccan Meatballs. The meatballs were big and delicious--they had a curry-esque sauce on them that was really flavorful. The Prime Rib Quesadilla was very hearty for a quesadilla--usually in America they're paper-thin--and it was spicy enough to have lots of flavor but not too overly spicy to the point where it was inedible. The portions were generous too--I actually think the quesadilla would have been enough for dinner for one person. We had 2 of the 5 drinks: the Raspberry Blue Bubbles and the Blueberry Twister. I'm not much of a "sweet" mixed drink guy, but man, the Blueberry Twister was really, really good. I'm glad the recipes are on the LCBO's website! The Raspberry Blue Bubbles was good too and had a sharper raspberry taste. Service was really great too. People were really friendly and attentive. This place has a few outdoor seats with spectacular views of Niagara Falls. Unfortunately, the rain quickly drove us inside to the lounge area, but the few moments that we had out here before raindrops were really nice. I'd love to sit out here again on a nicer day, and assuming that they keep some sort of variation of this menu in the future, we'll definitely be back.
We stopped in on our last night on vacation. I will see that there really isn't much of a view of the falls from this place. Maybe if you get lucky and get a booth on the lower level by the window. We were seated at a table in the upper level and you could see a lot of greenery, but no falls. I think really you can just see a lot of mist. We had excellent service, not much to complain about there. We ordered drinks, an appetizer and a meal and it was all pretty prompt. Our server made some great recommendations. We got the canyon dip, which was served nice and warm. They also bring out bring with honey butter, all very warm and quite delicious. Our group got the fish special and two chipotle steaks. We all really enjoyed them. It isn't super fancy, but it is a quiet meal overall.
Was not really expecting that much from Canyon Creek since the majority of restaurants in Niagara seem to always be sub-par. Surprise, surprise, this was great! Prompt service, tasty food and wonderful ambiance would nicely summarize our experience. Starter of spicy calimari with a main of the strip steak with an absolutely gigantic and tasty baked potato. Nothing fancy here, but perfectly cooked steak, and a steaming hot potato. All this with very attentive service set in a great atmosphere. Prices are in line with something like The Keg, so the value is decent. Nice spot.
Worst dining experience in a long time. My wife and I both have physical handicaps and we had dinner at the Canyon Creek Restaurant in Niagara Falls on Friday, June 8th. It was one the most unpleasant dining experiences that we have had in a long time. When we were seated, there was an open table with a great view of the Falls. However we were taken to another table where I had a view of a tree and nothing more. We were ready to walk out, but I mentioned to our server that we would like a different table and we were moved to that table. The rest of the meal was uneventful. When we were leaving, I asked to speak to the manager to find out why we were originally seated at the bad table. The manager, named Chris, became very defensive and tried to show me that the table was not bad. I tried to explain to him that I thought it was, however since people were sitting at the table, I could not show him the view of the tree that I had. Their manager handled this very poorly. The proper way to handle this would have been for him to say we are sorry, the slight was unintentional. It would have taken 30 seconds and that been it. They would have had a happy customer who would look forward to visiting their chain's restaurants again. Instead it left me with the impression that the chain does not care about how it treats people. When I got back to NJ, I contacted their corporate offices asking why my wife and I were treated so poorly there. I spoke to someone who was very polite but could not give me an answer why we were treated so badly. I am still waiting for an answer from them. This is 2012. People with disabilities should be treated the same as anyone else who walks into the restaurant. If we can afford to pay almost $125 for a meal, then we should be treated the same way anyone else who walks into the restaurant should be. Clearly we were not that night.
We had 10 in our party and they were super to accommodate us. Food was fabulous. Everything done just right. Atmosphere was nice too. Very friendly staff. Awesome way to celebrate a birthday.
We had 10 in our party and they were super to accommodate us. Food was fabulous. Everything done just right. Atmosphere was nice too. Very friendly staff. Awesome way to celebrate a birthday.
2 star for bad service: waitress was slow to refill drinks and bring check.  Noticed she attended to other customers more frequently and bypasses us.  On the positive side she correctly took our food order. 4 stars for food:  we had the Asian nachos and highly recommend for an appetizer.  We also shared the penne rustico which was good
This restaurant did not get a 1 rating because the of location and the view of the falls. However, the food was extremely disappointing. My husband had the prime rib, one of their "specialties" and was served raw despite being ordered as " medium". They did remove his meal from our bill. The pork chop received a good rating on previous reviews but was also disappointing. It was dry, tough and difficult to cut. I would not recommend this restaurant.
Inside of the mall, enjoy a classic dinner with a little bit of everything.  Fresh salads with a good side portion of salmon, to a juicy bacon burger.  The service was fantastic!  Cody was our waiter, and he was the best! He was super attentive and made some great recommendations. Loved the pumpkin creme brûlée.  Plus had a small view of the falls :)
Happened to come to this place because it is located in the same building as the casino. Lucky break as we were seated with no wait and got a booth with a view of the falls. Service was excellent as were the steaks. Very well prepared and good quality meat. The salads were great and the only not great item was that they serve Starbucks coffee which I don't care for. It is off season now and most all restaurants are empty as are the local attractions. This place was full from my vantage point and felt that we were lucky not to have to wait. The wait staff was excellent and came back on several occasions to check on our needs. Certainly a pleasant experience and would be a place I could suggest to my friends.
Possibly the best steak I ever had. Chipotle sirloin rocks. Wife had a ribeye. Beautifully cooked and seasoned. Daughter had garlic shrimp and a caesar salad that lit up her face. My other daughter couldn't stop talking about her meatloaf.  We will be back.
This Canyon Creek is located in the same building as Fallsview Casino.   The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, and the service was decent.  I had a Top Sirloin steak with side vegetables. The steak tasted great but it was a bit small.  Same with the side vegetables, it consisted only of 10 green  beans and a small piece of pepper.   in summary, it's a nice place for dinner, i'd definitely go again.
We just went for drinks and apps but the coconut shrimp was amazing and the drinks were potent and delicious. Prices are among the most reasonable in the area as well.
It is a Sunday late night dinner after 8:30 p.m.  There isn't too many people in the restaurant.  We are led to the far end of the restaurant on the upper level.  Most of the tables on the lower level are by the side of the window having the Falls view.  Our end is at the end that can see both the American Falls and the Niagara Falls, depending on which side of the table you were sitting.   The waiter is very polite and as half of the party arrives, he introduces himself and gives us water for the moment.  When the party all arrive, he comes to take orders.  He did not miss any special request.  He is always available once in a while although we sit at the far end.  He definitely enjoy his role and performs well. We order a Chef's soup which is cream of potato,  Nova Scotia Lobster Cakes which is panko-crusted lobster with chives, lightly fried and served with creamy coleslaw and roasted garlic chipotle aioli.  The Lobster cake is very average.  I didn't really taste the fresh lobster smell.  The Penne Rustico with grilled chicken, tomato sauce with roasted garlic, basil, spinach, feta, roasted peppers and Portobello mushrooms has a slight hot pepper flavor, the chicken is shredded too thin and lost the meat texture.  One of this order has a special request to boil the penne a little longer and it comes out to be perfect up to the point.  The 40 day aged Prime Rib marinated in Dijon mustard really can't tell that there is mustard there.  Although it is roasted to be medium rare, the meat is almost one of the worst one I had so far by experience.  I did not see the fat surrounding the Prime Rib that moisturizes the meat.  It tastes like a piece of beef.  There is no comparison even to other chain store like the Keg or OutBack. The service is excellent, the view from my side of the table looks good, the food is below average with such a price.
Great Spot!  I must say I had One of the best steaks I have had in a while, the Marinated Rib Steak was cooked absolutely perfect and the taste was simply amazing.  The Banana Coconut Cream Pie for dessert was definitely the high point of the night though, absolutely wonderful! Stunning View, great ambiance, friendly and prompt service and good food makes this place a great spot for a casual lunch or dinner.
The Chophouse isn't too bad I gotta say. The Chophouse salad is ok (2 stars and consists of a bit of spring mix, sliced tomatoes, sliced onions, and bleu cheese with a sweet dressing) as it was a bit sweet and the tomatoes a bit overly ripe (but what do I expect as it's the dead of WINTER in CANADA right?). Where things were great was the service to start with - my server was hella attentive and made good, useful suggestions (mostly she was able to answer my questions about the beers - of most dire importance!). The bone-in pork chop with a lingonberry sauce was WICKED GOOD when done med well. When paired with a very good and savory rice pilaf (which is very bland at every other restaurant I've been to) it proved to be a great balance of flavors. If you're in the area or staying @ Fallsview I'd recommend the Chophouse especially with the great view of the Falls.
I thought the food was really over priced for what you get. I came here with my dad for dinner. He ordered a steak special that our waiter was pushing for the night. The dish was over $40, so you'd think it would be something special, right? Nope. It was the saddest piece of beef I've ever seen, thin and just kind of mangled looking. I was sad my dad had to eat that for dinner, but being the non-complaining type, he didn't say a thing. I had to bite my tongue. I ordered chicken. It was also expensive (although nowhere close to that $40 steak), and not memorable. Anyway, the dining options in this mall seem pretty outrageous. The menu posted at that italian place next to this chophouse was showing dishes in the mid-$30s-$40s. Only that Chinese buffet across the chophouse seem to offer something around $20 per person.
Absolutely fantastic supper. Prime rib was great and the service was second to none. Thank you!
Had a prime rib sandwich that was horrible, full of fat.  Steaks, like the rest of the area, are thin and way over priced.  Perhaps this is what they do in Canada.  Traveler beware
I have gone to Canyon Creek Chophouse each and every time I have gone to Fallsview Casino over the past 6 years and I have to tell you that whether I am up or down I L-O-V-E this place.  I love to sit and eat in the bar area or out on the patio with a spectacular view overlooking the falls.  The staff is very friendly and the appetizer menu is to die for.  Even the music selection is simply fantastic!  I don't know if it is just me but I think I will be patronizing the Canyon Creek Chophouse at the Fallsview Casino for many years to come.
It was ok.  We were not able to get a view that night. We started off with a chopped salad, turned out it wasn't so chopped.  The tomatoes were sliced, not chopped, with a small portion of lettuce.  Service was excellent. They were very accommodating with splitting dishes, if you split one dish, they would split it for you and bring 2 separate plates for you.  Overall, it was not bad.
My wife and I stopped in for dinner this past weekend.  I had the Tuna Wontons she had the Double Coconut Jumbo Shrimp.  They were both AMAZING!!!!!!!! Then for entrees I had the Chipotle TOP Sirloin and my wife had the Filet Mignon both with a side salad.  I ordered mine med rare and she ordered hers med.  They both came out perfect!!!!!  The flavors were FANTASTIC!!!!!!! The service was GREAT!!!!!! If your in the Fallsview Casino and are looking for a NICE place to have dinner go to the Canyon Creek Chophouse.  Remember your going for the food and service if you want an amazing view of the fall GO OUTSIDE and walk around.  DON"T MISS OUT ON THE PLACE!!!!!!
The ONLY THING good about this place is that since it's in the same location as the casinos the last seating is late-around 12:00. I ordered a fillet. We waited a while for it. It came dried and cold. The place is more like a glorified TGF than anything else. At least at TGF you can find your waiter. Very, Very disappointing!!
We enjoyed the food. Good servie and good location. Good for kids. I will go again.
Stopped by for a good steak dinner and drink.  We walked right in on a Saturday night at 7pm without reservations, which was a nice surprise.  We had a tiny view of the Falls, but it didn't bother us much since we weren't expecting to see them at all.  The server said if you want a front row table to the falls view you have to make a reservation weeks in advance.   I had the Chipolte Top Sirloin, which was very good.  I chose it because it was something different than you find at a normal chophouse.  If I could come up with a complaint it would be that the vegetable side dish was a little bland.  I would highly recommend visiting and will stop by again when I am back in town.
This was by far the best food we had while in Niagara Falls.
My wife and I went here on a Sunday evening while in town for a convention.  Already been sucked into high priced mediocre places that thrive on tourists.  Was very surprised with this restaurant as the view, service, and food were all superb.  We had an enjoyable evening and would definitely go back.  Even with a bottle of wine the overall price was not much more than we paid the night before for a couple of cheeseburgers at a chain restaurant.
Great service and great food at a reasonable price.  Loved the Lime Ginny, a gin & tonic with muddled lime and mint.  Our hostess and waitress were very nice.  We had calamari appetizer (that wasn't over fried like most places do) salmon salad and a steak. All very good.
We had dinner here on our first night of visit to Niagara Falls.  There are many choices but while we were looking at the menu of this place, another couple came and gave a very high rating for this place...especially their prime rib.  Uh...say no more, you had me at PRIME RIB!  this place DID NOT disappoint!  The prime rib was like buttah and better!  and i'm incredibly in love with their horseradish sauce. YUM YUM YUM..  You can ask for a table by the window and you can dine while enjoying the illumination of the fall which takes place daily upon sundown as well as the fireworks that happens friday and sunday night around 9-10pm.  what a great place to spend an evening with friends or family.  and their cocktails drinks and delish... The waitress was awesome and in fact, everyone one we encountered in canada were all super nice.  Canadians are good peeps!
