Best pizza in the world. Born in Niagara Falls, Ontario (Canada.) Moved to the United States in 1976. La hacienda has been the go-to pizza joint since I can (literally) remember. We used to come here before we moved here, not an uncommon theme. Even today, many folks come from Canada (the waitresses actually ask you this) to experience this world class pizza. I'm 44 now, live in North Tonawanda (10 miles away from this Niagara Falls, NY destination.) What's the deal: Nothings changed ... Still the best pizza in the world, still have to pay for refills of soda, still have to bring cash (Aldo don't take credit cards) still the same decor I remember from the '70's. There's a lot of negative reviews from folks who simply don't "get" the "La hacienda experience," and I get it. In an age of fast-food and chain restaurants we've come to expect perks like free-refills and convenient paying options, etc. BUT, if you simply want to try the worlds best pizza, then you simply must experience La hacienda. I'm pretty sure they're only open for dinner after 4pm most days, but I'm not sure on these salient details. If you're interested in these things, google them. I'm only here for one reason and one reason only ... To refer you to, what I believe to be, THE BEST PIZZA IN THE WORLD.
This place is an institution in my family. It is not fancy but we all love it and I have been going since I was born. The hardest part is deciding what to order given there are so many choices that I love. You have to start with the glorified salad that is chocked full of tasty things like hard boiled eggs, cheese and cold cuts. They make fantastic wings. I love the pasta with the huge meatballs. And the pizza is some of the best I have had in North America. It is all good right down to the pepperoni that I have only ever seen at Hac -- they all turn into little cups of grease. This may sound terrible but I promise you it is the best. If only it was closer to home.
Finest pizza in buffalo region
Facebook is an amazing thing!  Someone we knew in San Diego saw we were visiting the Niagra Area and said we had to try this place.  We originally drove by this place several times before actually stopping there!  We finally did on our final night!   The food was amazing! The green and bean soup (I think that is what is called) was to die for.  The meatballs and marinara were the best ever and I come from a big Italian family!  If you are in the area it is a must!
My favorite pizza in Niagara Falls. The crust is nice and crispy, while the cheese and smoked pepperoni are cooked perfectly. While the chicken wings aren't the best I've had in the Falls, they're pretty good. Good sauce with a little crisp. If you like greens and beans, be sure to order a cup here. It's great.
I don't know if this restaurant is affiliated with the La Hacienda in Tonawanda, but that one definitely isn't even in the same league as this place. The inside is cozy, and it has exactly the type of ambiance you want in an Italian joint. It's a good spot to go on a first date, or for a casual family thing. I went because I was craving decent New York-style pizza, and I haven't been able to find any since moving to Buffalo. (Buffalo pizza is great, but it's just not the same). I made the mistake of ordering a side salad with my pizza in an effort to be somewhat healthy. It wasn't terrible but very heavy on the iceberg, and I shouldn't have wasted the stomach space that could have been spent on the pizza. The pizza. Oh, the pizza. The crust is a thin and crispy yet still doughy-'round-the-edges beauty that serves as the perfect vehicle for a nicely spiced sauce, a healthy but not excessive layer of cheese, and the toppings of your choice (pepperoni and mushroom, in my case). I've been back a few times with every intention of branching out and trying some additional menu items, but I've yet to resist the allure of the pizza. Downside: Service. It seems like they're trying really hard and the friendliness levels are high, so I feel bad criticizing but it's just not great. Getting a drink refill is the next thing to impossible unless you go hunting for your server, and I have yet to have someone check in on how everything is going. Securing the check is even harder than a drink refill. I went once with the intention of catching a movie after, and didn't even come close to making it despite dining alone (which usually goes a lot faster than in company). Also the restaurant is cash only, always a fun surprise when you haven't read the menu carefully. I hardly ever carry cash anymore, but it's worth it to make the extra effort for this pizza.
The best pizza I have had. The chef salad is phenomenal. Asking for double cheese was a great move and just enhanced the experience. I love this place and will continue to dine here.
My family has been going here for about 30 years now. We all get the same thing. The chef salad with the house dressing, a few pizzas and some wings. We have never tried anything else there because the pizza and wings are so good. The service is a little slow and the decor is about 50 years old, but overall a great place for families and friends.
old-time italian family restaurant...greens and beans were delicious, wings were tasty but not as saucy as I prefer....pizza was highlight of the meal
Really good food but way over priced considering the slow service and outdated decor. I love that this is truly family owned and operated by a TRUE Italian. If the kitchen was a bit quicker or the prices more reasonable I would eat here everyday. The other thing is that they close random days.
If you want cheeeeesy, greasy, delicious pizza stop here today!!! I have never had anything besides pizza here, but it's always been delicious. The atmosphere leaves a little bit to be desired, but the food makes up for all that. Good food and good service!!! Even ordering to-go works out well (some places, it doesn't, but here, the food tastes the same as when you eat in!).
Best pizza and wings I've had! Aldo greeted us with a warm smile and welcomed us into his restaurant. I will come back before I go back to Houston.
I used to live in NF and this was my favorite restaurant. I now live 30 miles away but when Im having a bad day my hubby takes me here to cheer me up. I am Italain and as every Italian knows, you do not go out to an Italain restaurant ! I am the pickiest gnocchi eater. Its painful for my family to watch me order gnocchis and then not be able to eat them. Aldo however makes the best cheese gnocchi Ive ever had in my life. They are perfectly cooked everytime. NEVER overdone like most places. My family raves about the pizza. The place is a little antiquated as you can not pay with credit cards.The waitresses uniforms are a little bland and outdated but I think its because the owner, Aldo,is old fashioned himself. The service has always been good for us. The decor is a bit strange too but there is a funny story behind it and your waitress will be happy to tell you what it is All in all, this is my favorite restaurant
This La Hacienda should never, ever be compared with the ones in Tonawanda or on Hertel. This place is something particularly special. La Hacienda in Niagara Falls does perfect NYC-style pies, with great ingredients, super toppings, and pretty decent service. The other menu items I've tried (spaghetti w/meatballs, wings, veal parm) are also quite good, but the pizza is the real standout here. Aldo, the owner, is often on-hand, and he's quite the character. It is very likely the best NYC-style pizza in Buffalo.
This was without a doubt, the worst Italian meal I have ever had. The salad was iceburg lettuce with gobs of bad mozzerella. The chicken caccittore was cold and stringy.  I know they boiled the chicken and threw sauce on it.  The sauce had about two pepper slices and two slices of mushrooms with what I am sure was tomato juice for sauce. There was no garlic, no oregano  and no basil on anything. The meatballs and sausages were cold and flavorless. You could not put enough salt on the spaghetti to get a taste from it.   The pizza was greasy. The drinks were watered down. Dominos does better.
Great Pizza.  Some of the best in Buffalo.  The crust is very thin and crisp by Buffalo standards.  The pepperoni is of the "cup and char" variety.  Crispy little grease cups.  I prefer a larger diameter, but it does not take away from the superb crust.  At this point, it is in my top two of WNY pizzerias. Other than pizza I've only had their antipasto, was okay, not great.  just slabs of cheese and deli meat, but accompanied by many stuffed peppers (some with anchovies), and a sort of "deviled" celery stalk.  The wings are crispy, but they are pretty small. The pizza is best when dining in, but take out is okay if you are in close proximity.  Aldo's hospitality is wonderful.  Some think he is rude to the servers, but I look at it that he is helping the customers have a better experience (whether taking out, or dining in).  The bar is classic.  I go for either a Tom Collins, or whiskey sour.  Beware: Cash only.
They really do have the best classic thin crust pizza in the area. Worth the half hour drive any day!
This place is the Godfather (sorry too Herman Cain)...nay the Grandfather of Pizza in Western New York, and it makes the VERY best pizza in the area.  Though Buffalo Spree ranked it the second best pizza in Western New York to Romeo and Juliets, I believe the contest was flawed and I'm not so sure as to the reliability of the panel.  This place is a classic.  The decor has not changed since I was a little kid (love the Mexican decor and velvet paintings), and frankly I prefer it that way.  Though the owner does have a love for scary clowns that are peppered throughout the bar area...absolutely horrifying!! As for the Pizza it is the very best.  The ingredients are top notch and the pizza is perfectly prepared...and consequently has become progressively more and more expensive over the years.  The pepperoni is thick and it curls up and fills with grease as it cooks (thats a good thing).  The sausage, onions, mushrooms, olives, banana peppers...you name it...they are all top notch.  This is the way a classic pizza should be made.  It is perfection and no one in town does it better.  There is nothing fancy or avant garde about this pizza...its just old fashioned just like the restaurant. As for the rest of the menu, its also top notch.  The beans and greens are amazing and probably the thickest you will ever eat.  Their Italian salad dressing is so good that I usually buy a jar to take home with me.  Also try their anchovy stuffed hot peppers, made in house and stored in seasoned oil.  Their pasta dishes are really tasty and traditional and my father LOVES their Tripe in sauce. Finally, the best part is the over-the-top owner Aldo, who's face is plastered around the restaurant with his eponymous mushroom style chef's cap.  He's old-school Italian and not afraid to yell and scream (in multiple languages) at both customers and the waiting staff.  Its super entertaining!     To me La Hacienda represents Niagara Falls.  The food is made with love and has not changed in over 40 years...for better or for worse.
Amazing. I'll write a proper review soon but if you're in Niagara Falls this place has great Italian food and pizza and an awesome retro decor.
I'm not sure why there are paintings of men in sombreros riding donkeys; but this was no Mexican restaurant. This was authentic Italian food at it's best. Food did take long to come out but it really is worth the wait. I wanted to sample it all but instead I went for the gnocci, ravioli, veal w/lemon, and tripe. I was close to trying it all! :) My fav was the veal and tripe. The tripe stew had the sauce of a ciappino stew. The tripe had only a little chew but melted in your mouth. The salad had chick peas and radishes in it- two of my least favorite things and I devoured it! Waitress was nice enough and the owner is adorable. We went on a Monday evening and it was not busy. If you're in Niagara Falls, you should take the short drive- you won't be dissappointed.
This is an outstanding restaurant in Little Italy. Aldo is a most gracious host who makes the dining experience that much greater. The pizza is very good. It is not quite traditional New York style, as it has the thicker crust found in wetern NY. Ther pepperoni is thick and gets burnt and crisp around the edges. It is strange that it is called "La Hacienda", but it doesn't matter, the food is damn good. Canadians routinely drive down to experience La Hacienda.
Ok. Don't bother with anything else on the menu except for the pizza. I made a mistake and ordered a meatball sub. The waitress said, they don't do subs, they only do sandwiches... on italian bread. It was gross. They doused it in tomato sauce - bread was soggy. It was almost pointless to eat had it not been for my hunger. I peeled off one of the slices of soggy bread and ate it open-face style. My son's chicken tenders were what you expect of a mediocre restaurant trying to accomodate everyone. They were heavily battered/breaded and very, VERY fried. Dried out. eck. Pizza was outstanding on the other hand. My husband ordered his with pepperoni. And the way they slice up the pepperoni, the edges curl up while cooking and get really nice and crispy. That was tasty! Weird thing - it looks like a mexican restaurant, has the name of a mexican restaurant, but it's italian-american style food. oh-well, whatever works!
We did enjoy our visit to this restaurant.  Alto was kind and friendly, the menu was good; lots of great choices.  We had the antipasta, meatballs, greens & beans, chicken caccitore and NY thin-style pizza.  The only reason I did not give this restaurant 5 stars is the food (while very fresh, great portions, and steaming hot), was very bland.  We needed to add salt, pepper and parmesan on everything (except the antipasta of course).  We asked for a side of chopped garlic and was told they did not have any.  This was apparent because the food had no garlic flavor what so ever.  However, those who prefer little seasoning in their food would probably love this place.
Love the pizza and stuffed cherry peppers. I have been here many times and have never been disappointed - that's a big deal.
Very good but very expensive. And they don't accept Debt/Credit, Cash only!
Pizza was great and friends with us loved their entrees.  Could use a bit of an update, but I understand it is a fixture in town.  Servers were great and convenient to downtown.
This was a pretty bad experience. As many people noted, the service is horrible. Our waitress was very rude, ignored our table and even when she made eye contact and I held up my drink indicating a need for a refill (it had been empty for 20 minutes) she hid behind a wall and talked with her friends for another five before bringing it out, huffing and rolling her eyes as she set it down. She was very rude when informing us that it was cash only and refills weren't free (she said that the menu said that but is a very big menu and I didn't notice it, nor did my companion) - she was definitely irritated and implying that we were stupid not to see it in the menu, but with policies like that it seems that having waitstaff inform patrons of this right away (or making more of an effort to make it noticeable) would be the way to go. She didn't bring out the bread, their 'house italian' dressing was just olive oil, and the food was very bland and overpriced. Nothing good to say about this place. This is why chain restaurants flourish.
A traditional Italian restaurant with the best sauce anywhere!  Must pay cash or check for sure!  All food is top notch homemade Italian delights - both their pizza and Italian dishes are mouth-watering good.  Maybe a bit more pricey that they used to be.  That was a surprise!  Been around since at least the 1940's so very reliable reputation.  Worth the drive.
