Really tasty and decently priced. My son had the poutine and he really liked it, nice crispy fries. I had the Yorkshire pudding appetizer. The Yorkshire pudding was a bit too hard, like perhaps it isn't cooked fresh, but after soaking it with gravy it tasted good. Staff was friendly and the restaurant was quiet and comfortable. They appeared to have an outside area too, but it didn't look open.
Our experience was less than stellar at Falls & Firkin. My party of seven arrives late Sunday night for dinner since they were pretty much the only place open. They have a Irish pub theme going. At this time of evening, the restaurant was pretty quiet. We begin to place an order for appetizers and agree on Chicken Nachos but the server tells us they are completely out because they were really busy the night before. So then we order the Irish Nachos (waffle fries dressed up in cheese and sour cream) which were okay. On to the interesting dinner experience, I order the Fish & Chips which the server brings out and states as she places on the table that the Fish is overdone. The fish is clearly overdone and after placing it on the table asks if I want to pick at it until the second Fish comes out. I don't understand why even serve an overcooked piece of fish knowing that its not acceptable. The server even said that 'the kitchen' told her to bring it out anyways. This is a big NO NO. You don't present a bad plate knowing it's bad. What are these guys thinking? Of my entire party, half enjoyed their meal. I was completely turned off the minute that burnt fish was set on my plate. I mentioned it to the server and she did take it off the bill. The only reason I am giving an additional star is because our server was nice and dealt with the bad call made by the kitchen exceptionally well.
This place was dressed up like an Irish pub, but it is definitely not a local pub.  It is a chain located in the bottom of the Casino.  It is not terrible, but it is also not great.  If you wanted a few beverages on the outdoor patio, that may be nice, but I wouldn't really recommend it for dining.  The watress was actually very helpful (though this may be because the place was empty), but the food wasn't good.  Amongst the 4 of us, we ordered 3 different meals and all were "misses".  The shepherds pie was not good.  The potatoes tasted like a mix and the meat was more like chilli meat you might find on a hot dog.  The Firkin burger was average, but funny to order.  The Bacon & Cider Chicken was over powered with the cream sauce.   The only thing we really liked about the place was the name.  They even play on it with the menu.  But in the end, this really wasn't a good Firkin pub.
Chill spot for a beer, wings, fish.  Tried a new whiskey, which is always on my to do list. The place was fine, food solid, but not enough for me to want it again...
Wanted to go here to watch a match....but they never responded to me even though they read my requests
I had a solid meal here while on vacation last month. It's tucked into the Fallsview Casino down by the food court (but off to the side). They offer indoor and outdoor seating. It was too windy to sit outside, so we took a booth inside near the bar. I tried one of their Butler's pale ales to start -- exclusive to Firkin pubs -- and it was pretty good. For dinner I had the fried chicken sandwich with fries. It's hard to mess that up, and they did not. I'd recommend a visit if you're in the casino. Also, check out the fountains (right outside) after your meal! They're so pretty at night-time.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service! The restaurant is located in the lower floor of a mall/ casino.  I say this because we had a little trouble finding it since the map on the phone kept saying we were there when it was below us. We liked the look of it right away--the decor is perfect for a pub with the kind of very tasty British food they serve.  There was very nice seating outside on a patio with flowers and a fountain.  Truly a lovely place to be. I had the Potato crusted cod with roasted potatoes and steamed veggies.  My husband had Shepherd's Pie.  Both were excellent.  Afterwards we walked along a path that led from there back to our hotel with a great view of the falls. Highly recommended!
There were greatly understaffed which is the main reason for all the problems but they tried the best they could but still there were problems. The chicken pie was very dry to me and my friend's battered fish was still frozen in the middle. Took forever to get drinks and food but once things quieted down that was less of an issue. If there are not understaffed, I am sure this place would do better. As for the patio, it is great. You can see a nice water fountain and through the trees you can see the falls.
Went with 3 kids, early teens.  Good enough. Beer was good, food was fine. Typical pub. Served purpose. Would go back again.
The Fish and Chips was huge.  The beer selection, though not vast, was good and had a few interesting selections.  The outdoor seating was nice with sounds and partial views of the falls.
They have great food great service Stephanie is a great server and Mike is a great bartender. Great food great service great prices! Definitely recommend.
Having familiarity with the Firkin chain, it had been probably over a decade since I enjoyed this great pub.  Falls & Firkin is a gem in the midst of all the touristy-ness of Niagara Falls.  It has this air of a local pub you would come to, even when you know you have to walk through a food court to get to it. As an appetizer, I shared some poutine which was served in a mini-size cast iron skillet.  The fries were substantial enough to hold all the melted cheese curds and gravy.  It was heavenly that I could have probably had another serving and called it a night.  For my entree, I had their haddock and chips.  My deal is that if an english pub can get their fish and chips right, then you're going to get a loyal customer. (Sidenote:  This like how I judge good breakfast joints based on their biscuits and gravy.)  And yes...they nailed it!  Flaky and meaty haddock, with a nice thin layer of batter.  It almost felt like the real deal with their wax paper having the a printed newspaper on it. The service was impressive.  Our waiter gave us great beer suggestions and I liked that I could order from 3 different sizes.  I'm not a beer drinker, but it was nice to have a smaller version with my meal. Please go here if you visit Niagara.  One can tend to get lost in all the overly priced chains with all of their flashy signs. So just OBEY THE POUTINE!
Just okay...sat on patio to enjoy the sound of the falls and was inundated with cigarette smoke. Bad enough they allow patrons to smoke on the patio but add the patrons from the casino exiting the casino to have their smoke blow right at us!!! Won't return.
Best grilled cheese ever. Yes, I know they have so much more than that, but it was so good that I returned on many occasions during my stay at the Fallsview Casino & Hotel to get one. The parmesan coating on the bread turned it into over the top awesomeness. To make it even better get a bowl of the tomato roasted red pepper soup if it is available. Pretty much perfection in a meal for me. The drinks are good, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious. If you are staying in the hotel I highly recommend stopping here for at least one of your meals!
I was in search of a casual and somewhat affordable lunch at the casino and found it @ Falls & Firkin I got the guiness steak and mushroom pie with whipped potato and steamed veges and everything was tasty, flavorful and affordable at $12.95. I also ordered a bottle of cider to wash it all down. Service was fairly quick and the ambience was pleasant. Would recommend for a casual lunch or dinner in the Niagara area
Tip: it is on the lower level inside the casino in the food court. Servers were nice but not really " pub" atmosphere if that's what you're looking for. Crappy metered pour drinks. Stick to beer only. Food meh.
We ate here twice while in niagara. We loved their in-house beer Barking Squirrel! Dinner and appetizers were wonderful. Much friendlier staff than other places we went to. Food arrived quick both time. It's also a little bit away from the hustle bustle, so it was a nice place to unwind.
Took the whole fam, wife, 4 kids (8 mos. to 8 yrs.) mother-in-law and brother & sis in law. They sat us right away on Mother's Day at 6 pm. The big corner booth was big enough for all 9 of us. Food was pub fare, but done well. Affordable with a decent view of the Falls. Solid dinner when you are looking for something affordable, quick and not too loud. Also, the "Big Hog" was a good sharing app and the Barking Squirrel was a tasty pint.
Great pub atmosphere and very good food. Definitely cheaper than the surrounding restaurants right around the falls area. We stopped in for a few drinks one night. Even though they don't have cocktails on the menu, the bartender was very accommodating. He made me wife whatever she asked him too and they were very well made. As for the beer, I ordered their house pale ale. Canadian Pale Ale is a little different than the American or European Pale Ale I'm used to, but it was still really good. It came out in a nice tall cold glass and went down easy. The beer was pretty cheap compared to other places too. You can get a small glass of their house ale for $3.75. The mixed drinks were surprisingly cheap too, at 5 or 6 bucks each. For food, we got something small. I got the sweet potato fries with the Chipotle mayo and my wife got the slides. We really enjoyed both and the food came out quick. Their menu has a lot of variety from chicken curry to pasta. I would definitely recommend stopping into this place. I know it has multiple locations but it has a non-chain feel. You won't be disappointed.
The beer cheese appetizer spread was really good, but the Firkin burger and grilled cheese were too greasy. The Firkin burger was adorned with limp bacon, and was overly cooked. The fries and onion rings were also too greasy. However, I'm not sure there are too many other options in this area overrun by tourists.
I love this place. I haven't had a less than enjoyable experience eating here yet. Great service, great food, nice pub atmosphere, nice patio, but pricing is slightly higher than average.
After walking around, freezing for quite awhile and being disgusted about the ridiculously high prices, we stumbled upon Falls and Firkin. Good prices and your typical English pub food. We started our meal with the French Onion soup which was so good that we considered ordering another bowl. So cheesy without being too salty. I haven't had such a good onion soup in a long time. It tasted especially good since we were so cold from walking around outside. Husband ordered the fish and chips. The large piece of fish was nice and crispy. It came with a lot of fries as well. I got the Pot Roast with Champ and Yorkshire Pudding. Quite the hearty meal. I was only able to eat about half the pot roast, but what I ate was very good. Tender and full of flavor. I found out that champ is mashed potatoes with green onions in it, very tasty. The Yorkshire pudding was too hard for my taste, but once dragged into the gravy it didn't matter as much. The service wasn't great though. We had to flag our girl down to get our check at the end since she didn't come around much.
Good value. For staying at the Embassy Suites and having places within walking distance and good for kids, this is a good choice. We stumbled across this while wandering around the casino thinking we would take the kids to Johnny Rockets for a hotdog (while I considered having a protein bar for dinner).  We enjoyed the outdoor seating and had really good service.  Reasonable prices and good prices on drinks. I noticed pitchers of drinks for $20 - although we didnt get a pitcher, they looked good and I think you would get about 4 drinks out of a pitcher. My kids had the chicken nuggets, while they looked cooked from frozen (and may have) they were real chicken and actually tasty. I had the chicken and avo salad, it was great, with apples, bacon, and actually field greens as described on the menu. My husband had the turkey and avocado sandwich with sweet potato fries and liked it alot. Wish we had eaten here last night instead of Maragaritavile!
Well the shepherds pie was good, and they have some interesting options on the menu so if you're feeling pasta you could have it, wanted something spicy it was there to. What was really nice is we couldn't choose between what beers we wanted to have, and our waitress was kind enough to offer us samples. Over all a fairly good place to eat, and not going to burn a hole in your wallet.
Stopped in for a quick beer and bite to eat for lunch...didn't disappoint at all. It was a nice day outside so we headed for the outdoor seating and had our menu's within a minute or so. Really just got a pitcher of beer and the wings/fries plate to share but it was more than enough....lots of food for 2 and only like $10. I suppose that close to $20 for a pitcher is a bit high but considering the area and whatnot it's not too bad at all. The beer was cold, 90 degrees of sunshine, and plenty of time to relax so it was a good experience...will certainly head back there on our next trip through.
Very good food and decent price. Used the free appetizer coupon we found.
