I always stop by here when I am in the Nigara Falls area just for a photo Opportunity! There is a lot to look at outside and inside. The prices of their souvenirs are high but the quality is better. So buy the cheap stuff for your friends somewhere else and buy the good stuff here. Try to visit their glass blowing demo, it is interesting. They also have a cafe and candy shop on the other side. Parking is free!
Your typical tourist attraction with souvenirs. I gotta say, they were a bit overpriced but the blown glass portion was pretty cool. Go sit and watch the artist create glassworks to see the process. It's really neat to watch. But don't think it's made the old fashioned way! The artist uses a lot of industrial sized instruments. It's still the best part of the place!
RIP OFF! Stopped there as part of a tour. They take advantage of a captive audience by charging 3 times as much for souvenirs you can get for much less a block away. I paid $14.99 for the exact same souvenir being sold for $5.99 just down the road. Save your money and shop somewhere that's not trying to rip off tourists.
My daughters and I stopped here for gifts to take home. This is also home to Rossi glass. I would up spending way too much money but the place is fun and inexpensive. My girls had a ball taking photos at all the little places they have laid out. The staff is friendly and helpful. Visited July 2012
Holy photo ops around every turn! Honestly, I would recommend going here just for the millions of pictures you can get with giant cheesy Canadian items. I literally took a picture with every of these items for a grand total of 24 unique pictures. This gift shop is great to stop at on your way out of Niagara Falls as it's not near the rest of the touristy stuff and has ample parking. They have a nice little cafe you can grab food at & relax, as well as a chocolate shop "Chocolate World", and glass blowing (watch it being made) - fun! Just about every Niagara Falls publication has a 20% of all purchases coupon so be sure to use that. Beware of the many associated restrictions. They simply say 'restrictions apply' on the coupon but don't specify for what. I tried to use it on batteries but it was a no go. I loved Nick S.'s comparison of this shop to that featured in Wonderfalls...I totally agree! Check out Souvenir City, the picture opportunities make the stop worth it!
We stopped here after seeing the falls and it didn't really live up to the hype we saw in the flyer. This place gets two stars because it is clean, has a large parking lot, and public bathrooms.  If you are looking for souvenir shot glasses, this is not your place. If you are looking for hand blown glassware by an artist named "Rossi", this is your place.  I'm not sure how hand blown glassware that's expensive is a souvenir of going to Canada or the Falls. If you venture in, make sure you get the flyer from a welcome centre- it offers 20% off. There is also food court here but we didn't eat at it. However, a lot of people were eating at it.
This place is cheese-orifically wonderful. It's like all of Canada's kitsch was collected into a single array of maple candy, moose keychains and discount fudge. It's by no means cheap, and if you're smart you really shouldn't buy a single item here. It seems like every tour bus in the area drops by Souvenir City, without which I'm sure it wouldn't be able to stay in business. My girlfriend and I stopped by entirely because the place reminded us of the store in the series Wonderfalls, and for those who know, that's more than enough justification to pull in and have a look around. Sadly, no malformed lion figurines were on the premises.
I mean, this is definitely Kitsch City. Anything that could have been thrown in a kitchen sink was put on display and sold here. Things were pretty expensive...my mom collects stupid collector spoons and i had to get one for her...for $14.99 + tax. WHAT? Good grief. Otherwise, polite staff and a rather large but uninspired collection of cheesy souvenirs
A far removed touristy shopping stop. I would be willing to take the drive again to avoid the crowds. Same stuff, same price.
Exactly like it sounds tons of expensive junk. Stay away
Very touristy...the glass blowing is very cool...worth taking a break from shopping to watch!  Reasonable prices for a tourist area.
