Really fun hike! Here are my tips: - The road is clearly marked with signs on where to park. - there are lots of picnic tables as well as a couple BBQ pits at the parking lot. also picnic tables below during the hike - there are a lot of steps. we went at a very slow pace with an active group and it was very easy and took us 35 minutes 1 way to get down. - really beautiful and nicely kept trail
Disclaimer: I am an amateur hiker.  I love to do it when I get the chance, but I definitely don't have super dooper hiking boots, a regiment, or a huge wealth of technical vocabulary about the subject. Now that that's out of the way, to the review.  Devil's Hole - or the Gorge as my friends say - is wonderful.  It is a great hike, with a lot of different difficulties to it (different paths to take, labeled with colors).  All have great views of the river and, in fact, get you quite close to the whirlpool. BTW - Have you been to the whirlpool yet?  DO it!  It's amazing.  Did you know Aristotle thought there was a whirlpool where dead things came in and could be brought back to life?  Yeah, he saw a bird dive into one - and bam, it was 'alive' again. I digress.  Devil's hole is for all kinds of hikers - and it's great exercise.  As you work, the river always provides a wonderful breeze to cool you off.  And the trees are shady and nice too. There are some excellent picnic locations - huge rocks to just sit and see water splashing all around you.  Very romantic - if you're into that - but also very fun to take a few sandwiches and enjoy a day in the Falls without being a tourist.
Devil's Hole (the gorge) makes for a wonderful hike along the bottom of Niagara Falls. The park itself, where the parking lot is located, is a medium sized area with bathrooms and beautiful views. The highlight is the hike down into the gorge. There are 374 steps (my boyfriend counted on the way back up) to get down and up, which is probably the most difficult part of the hike. Once you're down there, it's mostly flat for probably a half mile and then it gets a little more hilly and rocky. It took us about an hour to walk two miles, at which point we got to a nice flat area where you can walk right up to the river and check out the whirlpools. The whirlpool jet boats come by about every 20 minutes or so and it's always fun to watch them. There's also a ton of people fishing down there. From what I hear, it's one of the more popular fishing spots and I can imagine why. This is really a hike that you can make as easy or as difficult as you want. Whatever you choose, you will always be rewarded with the spectacular views.
A beautiful hike with splendid views and only a half hour drive away from Buffalo. You start out at the top with beautiful bird-eye views of the gorge and the Niagara River and as you trek along, you can go down and be quite close to the powerful flowing river itself. I take visitors to our area on this hike and it gives them a lovely overview of the beauty in our area. You may even see water snakes and other critters along the trail (and near the water) as I have. I squirm a little when I see snakes, but they are not poisonous and there's nothing to be afraid of. Don't be scared ;). Overall difficulty of hike: 1-3 (out of 5); you can easily make this a half hour walk with beautiful views without getting sweaty. Beauty: 4/5 -- comparable to some of the best mountains and canyons in the country. It's worthwhile to see, especially on a nice day. Bring some food and have a picnic too. Day-scape!
I remember coming here as a kid since I grew up on Grand Island.  I decided to take the boyfriend here on a hot summer day for an outdoor hike.  It was just as awesome as I remember it being!  Hiking down the gorge, you get to see some of the best views in the area.  We watched (in envy!) as the Whirlpool Jet Boats crashed through the rapids, soaking its patrons. This is definitely not a hike for the faint of heart, though, due to the large number of stairs.  It was also very hot when we were there, but it was still fun.  This is definitely one of my favorite places to hike in WNY!
I love visiting Devil's Hole State Park. It's a nice hike about 2.5 miles round trip. You can continue onto the Whirlpool Trail if you'd like to go a little further. The hike itself is pretty moderate. You can get pretty close to the water and climb out onto boulders to sit if you want or just stay on the path entirely and enjoy the walk. The entire hike is shaded which is great especially on the sunnier and hotter days. The hike is free so take advantage and enjoy. Be aware that there are about 400 rocky stairs to get from the upper level to the lower level. They are not easy. I recommend bringing water and even a snack so you can take your time and enjoy the view of the water. On a nice day, it's truly beautiful to watch the rapids and the whirlpool. Please don't be a jerk- make sure to pick up after yourself. I saw litter the last time I was there and it makes me really sad that people would destroy such a beautiful place. Dogs are allowed but must be on a leash.
First things first, where are the bathrooms??? I can't remember going to a public park that didn't have a restroom available to the visitors. Strange, but I guess the hikers at this park are expected to pop a squat behind a bush. Besides that, I enjoyed the hike to Devil's Hole and the Whirlpool. It's definitely not a beginner hike, and if your knees and ankles aren't in good condition, I wouldn't attempt it. Luckily, my girlfriend and I run several times a week, so we crushed it without any problem.
