If you do nothing else while visiting Niagara Falls, do this!!! First of all, as the sign states when you purchase your ticket, there is NO cave. Not anymore. Don't expect one. It's $12 and well worth it. You'll pay and get your sandals and a plastic bag to put your shoes in. Yes, you will get wet. How wet you get depends on you. You'll take an elevator up to the cliffs and you'll get a poncho to put on. Put it on. Roll up your pants so the poncho covers your clothes. Tie your hood on tight. You'll walk up and down some stairs drilled into the rocks. They don't look super stable, but they are. They are also super slippery as they are wet and, in some places, there is slimy moss growing. Just be careful. You get a little wet along most of the stairways. Then, there's the top deck. Go left and you will be standing IN the Falls. Yes, you will get soaked with water. I had my pants rolled up and my hood tied on and the worst that happened was my pant leg got a teeny bit wet, and I was standing in the full force of the Falls. My husband didn't fare as well, as he is very tall, and the poncho wasn't long enough to cover his rolled up jeans. If you want to forego getting wet, just head right as soon as you get to the top deck. Going right takes you back to the elevators you came up, and you'll only get a little bit of residual water on you. We went mid-week in mid-September, and it wasn't that busy. But, i could see this must see attraction getting super busy.
Cave of the Winds, along with Maid of the Mist, are must-see attractions if you want the full Niagara Falls experience.  Both are on the NY side of Niagara Falls and relatively close to each other, but you have to cross two footbridges onto Goat Island to go to Cave of the Winds.  The Nikola Tesla statue is right by the entrance to the line and it is an awesome statue!   You need to buy tickets and then go to a separate line for rubber shoes (they're complimentary and you can save them as a souvenir, but they are required bc the attraction is too slippery for regular shoes) before getting in line.  We stood in line for 2 hours just to go to the attraction and stood for another hour before we were able to get on the elevator to leave.  Once again, the lines were ridiculous and uncomfortable (standing there in wet shoes and clothes in puddles of water, surrounded by hundreds of others). I wish they would streamline this process. The attraction itself is really awesome - you get up close to the waterfalls (in fact, it seems like you are right beneath them).  You walk and climb on various levels of iron platforms to get different views of the gushing water of the Bridal Veils waterfall.  It's other - worldly up there - the mist from the Falls is so refreshing and you can see grass and flowers lining the Falls.  It's so gorgeous.  You do get wet (they provide blue plastic jackets) so be careful with your electronics. It's absolutely worth the annoying hours-long wait in line.
If you don't get wet, you're doing it all wrong. I highly suggest that you buy tickets in advance (I bought the Discovery Pass) so you don't have to wait in line as much.  However, you still have to wait on line to get your ticket punched, get your sandals (the staff did not give us the right size that we asked for but whatever we made it work) and then go back on line.   I came on 4th of July which is probably one of the worst ideas ever because the lines were insane (we waited approximately 2 hours).  If you are planning to come, do yourself a favor and come on an off day (weekdays are probably better as long as it's not a holiday).  Also, better hope you have someone nice and polite behind you that gives you personal space, because we didn't.  The people behind us were walking and bumping into us every 5 seconds for 2 hours. I'm sorry, but that's not going to make the line go any faster! The wait at Cave of the Winds was longer than Maid of the Mist and I think its mainly because they only have 2 elevators instead of 3 (the elevators cannot fit that many people). They give you a poncho (same quality as the one on Maid of the Mist) which is really flimsy so I suggest wearing a waterproof jacket underneath if you have one. Tip: If you want to take pictures, buy a waterproof case for your phone just in case you don't have a waterproof camera and don't want to spend money on one.  Your phone will get soaked and so will you! Definitely bring goggles/glasses to prevent water from going into your eyes. Try to take pictures before getting extremely soaked on Hurricane Deck (which is the highest point of the deck and closest to the Falls) because it's going to be difficult to take a nice picture with all that water splashing everywhere. If you never visited Niagara Falls, you must do this!  This tour will get you the closest to the American Falls. It was really a beautiful and breathtaking experience.  I would definitely come again.
This is a must.  The Canadian side is better, but this is the one attraction that makes the U.S. side worth the visit.  It is amazing to feel that kind of power.  You will get wet and then some.  I do want to warn you that it is a long wait to get there.  Once you are there, you will realize it was worth the time.
I don;t get to Niagara Falls as often as I should.  I typically only go when someone from out of town wants to see them.   My sister and her family was in town and we decided to go to the Cave of the Winds, which is my favorite attraction at the Falls. My niece wasn't to thrilled to go, but we made her go with us.   Once we got to the base of the falls and we started to get wet, she started to have fun, and wanted to stay.  The Cave of the Winds provided poncho's that really can only be used once and they also give you sandals, which they let you keep after your visit. The hurricane deck is the best part of this experience.   Every time I go I can't help but love it.
Cave of the winds was so much fun. It's a really short trip/path, but you're really up close and personal with one of the waterfalls. Pretty unique experience - you're significantly closer than you'd ever be otherwise. So you get to feel the huge splashes of water all over your body along with the enormous amount of wind generated at the fall base. Be sure to wear clothes that either dries easily or bring another set of clothes. I highly recommend the "hurricane deck" where you are just RIGHT next to the fall and are sure to get drenched. Be forewarned though that there's a fee for the self guided tour and another fee for park entrance/parking.
A MUST if you get the chance! nothing like it in the USA!  what an experience! simply wonderful! will do it everytime!  we just did this on the US side and did the Adventure pass on the Canada side. The boats do the same thing...but the adventure pass gives you a little more value since you get the view from the Canada side, and view form behind the falls and bus pass for 2 days. but nothing was like Cave of the winds! its fun, crazy, scary and safe! you will love it!
You MUST visit the Cave to feel the true power of the Falls.  This is exciting heart pounding stuff, and our group loved every minute.  It helped we went on a 90 degree day.  Despite the heat were were at the bottom and venturing on the catwalks with in 30 minutes.  Most of us loved getting soaked!! Hearing the thunder of the Falls and the force of the water is something you don't forget.  This blows away Journey Behind the Falls on the Canada side.  Go and enjoy!!
We went around 6:00 pm so there wasn't much of a wait.. supposedly the wait on Sunday around 4 pm was 2 hrs.. eeek.. The falls looked much smaller then they did when I was a kid, but the caves excursion is totally worth it.  I would suggest bringing some goggles b/c there's so much mist and water that you can't keep your eyes open long enough to see the falls!!  It's a great photo opportunity and for $12, it's a steal.
By far the best experience on the American side of the falls.  The ponchos and slippers are goofy but fun.  Best to go on a hot day -- you will get drenched unless you hang back away from the mist.  The ice cream stand is great, but the restaurant nearby is nothing special.
If you want to really explore Niagara Falls, then you NEED to visit the Cave of the Winds Tour. While I prefer the maid of the mist - probably because you get wet - I love the Cave of the Winds. I would recommend that you bring a dry change of clothes.
If you ever make it to Niagara Falls this is a MUST! I had a great time. It was fun, exciting and really gives you a feel of how strong the falls are. I recommend that you take the boat tour as well. Do not use a tour service!! Do it tour self tou will save time and money. I would do this again for sure.
If they'd named this particular attraction Winds of the Falls, I might not have felt so ripped off that there was no cave. Apparently there used to be prior to a rock fall back in 1920 (and I suppose it's still back there, but unsafe), so basically my beef is false advertising. The attraction gets two stars rather than one because I DID get a really nice rainbow photo and some up-close shots of the falls. Lest you think I'm a complete negative Nancy, I really did enjoy my day at Niagara Falls. I just wish I hadn't shelled out $12 for this particular tour. Do Maid of the Mist. That kicks ass.
This is part of the Discovery Tour package, and by far the best option for seeing the Falls up close and personal... as in you will get pounded by water and soaked if you venture up to Hurricane Landing, or even just from the spray of the Falls that you can literally reach out and touch. You'll want to take way more pictures than you are able to unless you have a waterproof camera. They will give you a poncho (thin plastic disposable) and a pair of strap on sandals to wear... you won't want to get your own shoes/socks soaked so this is a very necessary and much appreciated option!! Even with the poncho on you will still manage to get wet... the pounding falls is unforgiving, in the coolest possible way! My suggestion would be to do this attraction first before doing any others, because you get the free waterproof sandals, which you can then wear again on Maid of the Mist and Journey Behind the Falls, where your feet will also get soaked, but they don't give you free sandals on those... so best to get the free ones and then move along to the other attractions and use those free ones that are yours to keep... Definitely do this!!!
I honestly was very pleasantly surprised with this tourist adventure. It surpassed my expectations. Possibly because humans are not involved in the experience. There are 3 line-ups. One to purchase tickets, another to grab your sandals and the third one to take the elevator to watch the Falls from below.  You are given plastic, tacky sandals whose sole purpose is to protect your footwear from the imminent soaking that will occur. The sandals are good for the job. I was carrying a small day pack, so I packed my shoes inside my bag. Don't know if day lockers are available! Depending on time of year / weather, there will be a line-up to take the elevators. Unfortunately, I lined up after 3:30pm and it took over an hour just to arrive to the elevator that takes you below. Various informative sea gull charts are placed throughout the line to distract you for a few seconds Once below, you are given a poncho to protect you from the imminent drenching. On the way to the deck, you are greeted by the shrill and the smell of the sea gulls. There are bountiful in the rocks! Once on the deck, you start at the very bottom and can observe the Falls in all its majesty as they come crashing below in full force. It is quite the sight. As you make your way to the hurricane deck, you come closer to the force of the water rushing down. On the hurricane deck you get soaked! It is an energizing and exhilarating moment.
This is an absolute must while in the Niagra area. You will get wet, be forewarned.   Roll up your pant legs, don on the sandals and poncho provided by Cave of the Winds and get adventurous.   You will travel down to the side of American Falls and see not only spectacular close up view of the falls, but closeup of nature in all her glory.  We were lucky to come just as seagulls were caring for their young.  Beautiful. Then, right there on hurricane deck you'll stand right beneath the falls.  Get up close and feel the water spray down on you.  It's truly incredible to feel the force of nature.  Don't miss this.  You haven't experienced Niagara until you try this.
This was AWESOME!!! I didn't expect much, but like a sheep, I paid my money, got my sandals and poncho and headed down to the bottom. The elevator attendant droned on about the falls as if he had a script to follow and just couldn't wait for his day to be over, but as I started down the path to the stairs, I was pretty excited. You get to be so close to the falls that you feel the gusting winds, get splashed with torrents of water, feel the rumble of the rocks and hear the roar of the water. Truly amazing...I tried to take video and pictures, but limited it to a few pics as I didn't know how much my camera could take.
AMAZINGLY AWESOME!!! Not big on "tourist traps", I wasn't too concerned with checking this attraction out. But when my friend came to visit from Germany I decided to give it a go. Soooo glad I did! The experience is inexplicable. You just have to do it. And for a mere $11/adult, it is totally do-able. I'll go again anytime.
This place is a must do if you're visiting Niagara from May-oct when the deck is open. Bring a change of clothes. Get ziploc bags or plastic bags to keep you phone and camera dry and be prepared to get wet. It's so much fun. My fav attraction at the falls.
Cave of the Winds is a must-do while in Niagara Falls! I think Cave of the Winds and Maid of the Mist are the two attractions you must try while visiting The Fall. I took some of the most beautiful and favorite pictures while experiencing Cave of the Winds. It's not a cave at all but it sure is windy! You get to walk right into the Bridal Falls on the American side. I've never experienced anything like the Hurricane Deck in my life. You will get absolutely soaked, but it's completely worth it. It's $11 for adults, 6-12 year olds are $8 and under 6 are free. It's well worth the price of admission, but there is a fun pass if you're going to day more Falls attractions. You pay your admission, grab your rain poncho & special sandals, go down an elevator and then a damp, smelly long hallway in the rock. Once you emerge, you can take as much time as you want taking in the views! There are so many seagulls of different species and I saw some cute baby seagulls. They offer a guide to help you in identifying the different types of birds. Once you get to the bridge, you can the amazing views and literally walk over the water and then right into the falls. They tear down the bridge before the winter and rebuild it every spring which seems like a lot of work but it sure pays off. They used to donate the shoes if you recycled them in the drop box, but are no longer partaking in that.
When we decided to visit Niagara Falls, most people I know suggested we take the Maid of the Mist tour. It seemed like the natural choice but I decided to do some research on my own and I am so glad I did! This was the absolute highlight of our trip. The trip only costs $11 and includes a poncho and (dorky) sandals that you're welcome to keep afterward. It's a very self guided experience but I enjoyed that a lot. We were allowed to stay at the base of the falls for as long as we liked, not just the 10 minutes on a boat that Maid of the Mist offers. We got absolutely SOAKED. Granted, it was raining so that didn't help but be aware that it's a strong possibility. The Hurricane Deck was basically just a torrential downpour, though this spot can be skipped with a bypass. Overall, loved it. We were surprised just how warm the water was! Of course, the walk to the car afterward was not so warm... Be sure to have a towel waiting for you.
Visited here the second week of September.  It was nice to walk through it all without the huge summer crowds. "MY" suggestion would be to wear shorts, then take your shoes and socks off before hand and leave them in the car (walking up to the ticket booth barefoot).  If you do THAT, you won't have to carry your shoes around with you during the adventure (in a provided bag).  They also provide you with a new pair of cheap sandals (which you can keep), so that's nice.   Also, make sure that your camera is water-proof... or at the very least, water-resistant.  A lot of other reviewers on here mentioned that the provided poncho didn't help much, but I think it did the job just fine (as long as you were wearing shorts and kept your hood up and tight).  Oh... and you don't need to put your poncho "ON" until you get down there, so you might want to just hold on to it for the elevator ride down.  That way, you won't get too hot ahead of time (especially if there are long lines). I really think this is one of the "MUST DO" attractions at the falls.  This experience is MUCH BETTER than the "Journey Behind the Falls" attraction over on the Canadian side.   And yep... don't miss the "Hurricane Deck"!!
Just do it!! You will get soaked, but you will laugh and enjoy the force of this natural wonder. Don't plan on taking pictures without a water proof camera. This was one of the most fun things we did in Niagara Falls. Plus you get those styling sandals!
This is a really fun tour.  It's the only one of worth on the American side in my opinion.  I really don't think that anyone should take Maid of the Mist from the American side.  The Cave of Winds is great though.  You get shoes (which you should take for the rest of the tours) and you get a poncho.  This really is your chance to bathe in the falls.  When we were there it was early April and warmer than usual but still quite cold.  No one was really interested in actually walking into the falls themselves but we figured "what the heck?"  We jumped in and let it pound on us...totally fun.  The rest of the tour soon their turn, not wanting to miss out on the fun, and soon we were all soaking wet but thoroughly happy.  Our tour guide complimented us...we were the first to go in that weekend!   This is a really fun experience...they have to rebuild the wooden deck platforms constantly.  I highly recommend it!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE check this out! I do believe that a trip to Niagara Falls is incomplete you do not experience the cool niagara falls cascading down your entire body! WARNING!! you will get wet! so get ready for that! Also, there is the bird poop stench at the entrance, but it quickly dissipates as soon as you get close to the water. Slopes can get slippery and it can be quite a feat with all the stairs so this may not be ideal if you have troubles with stairs or walking. When I reached the part where the water splashes on you with force, I most definitely felt like it was some kind of baptism or a born-again moment when I allowed myself to be completely consumed by the moment and just get wet. The water is so refreshing and there is something about the thought of having a part of this magnificent falls cleanse me that is quite magical. You can stay here for as long as you want so it is definitely worth it. I even say that its quite romantic. I used to be a tree hugger and to be in touch with nature at this level definitely makes me want to start a conservation group! I hope we never ruin this wonderful place They give you ponchos, plastic bags, and sandals which can turn into souvenirs. Check it out! It is worth it :)
Wow, definitely come to the American side of the falls JUST for this. $11 gets you up close to the falls. Prepared to get soaked! Well there is a bypass if you don't want to go on the soaking Hurricane Deck. The line to the elevator that go down to the falls was about 30 minutes but moved quickly. When you get down there they only let a few people go at a time so there is plenty of walking and picture taking room. I was expecting to be cramped on each step but it wasn't like that at all. You get free hooded ponchos and free very comfortable and nice sandals!! For $11!!!! My girlfriend and I were so unbelievably happy with our experience. The walkway is long and there are incredible views of the falls. Definitely 5 stars.
This was a fun tour at Niagara Falls. You get both ponchos and sandals and walk right below part of the Falls. There are plenty of places where you can get some great shots of the water and for the daring (or polar bears), some of the pictures can involve a person getting drenched by the freezing water of the falls. The great thing about this tour is that you can stay in the area as long as you like. The bad thing is that there is a lot of spray from the waterfall so good electronic equipment may need to be put away. Disposable water-proof cameras are great, although the picture quality may not be the best. There is enough water all around that you should roll up your pants to ABOVE the knees if you don't want to get them wet. Definitely a must see if visiting Niagara Falls!!
Kids LOVED IT.....so much fun....we were there on July 2, 2009 and they had the barriers prepared for HUGE crowds...luckily we didn't experience that. Bought our tickets and headed right to the elevator, got our rain ponchos, and right to the tour......so much fun to be that close to the American Falls.... Kids loved romping around in the mist and we got some great pictures...little guy and Hot Mamma didn't enjoy quite as much (he was 4)...but we sure did. A MUST SEE on the American side Adult Cave of the Winds (2 @ 11) 22.00 Junior Cave of the Winds (2 @ 8) 16.00 Total - $38.00
One of the most thrilling natural experiences I've had in my life. First they give you these very cool sandals - which you get to keep! You wear them while you walk the wooden decks/stairs thru the self-guided tour. Warning - you will get wet. So, wear the rain poncho they give you too. And cover your back pac/purse/bag. A GoPro camera is highly recommended for this attraction (and any other ones in Niagara Falls). It's all water. And it's everywhere! If you're brave, go up to the Hurricane Deck which is the highest point on the deck structure and the closest to the water from the American Falls. This is getting very close to God, in MY book! We loved it!
Here is a pearl....wear your swim suit! no kidding....if you refuse to do so then at least bring a change of clothes..... best thing at niagara. hands down
Nobody likes the American side but this little adventure totally makes up for the disappointment. It's $11 with a 1-2 hour line up on weekends. What it includes? Sandals that you get to keep as a souvenir, a poncho that you WILL need (trust me on this one), and an amazing walk right into the falls (if you dare).
I agree with everyone here.  This is the MUST DO along with Maid of the Mist.  You feel like you're in a small hurricane with winds and strong rain coming from the falls.  You are as close as you can get.  I haven't been to Niagara in a long time and I was already happy with the Maid of the Mist boat tour but this surpassed it.  The Falls view is a lot better from the Canadian side especially at night with the lights but the Falls experience is much better on the US side with a lot more to do.  Get the discover pass and you can pretty much do everything.  Get ready to get wet when you go!
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this. If you are planning on taking pictures, try to take it at the beginning or at the end (and preferably with a cheap/disposable camera). The middle is when you'll get to experience the waterfall hitting you with force. Some people have common sense not to whip their digital camera out during this occasion, but I didn't and had to say prayers for my camera to wake up multiple of times. It did. But save yourself the stress. So far, this is my favorite tour at Niagara Falls. You can stay as long as you want so take it in....take it all in!!! (Free plastic sandals and ponchos are provided!!! You'll get soaked regardless, but they make you look distinguishable in your photos so wear them!)
Like the Maid of the Mist, this is another MUST DO in Niagara Falls.  Contrary to the name, the tour is not actually through any caves, except just to get there.  You go down an elevator through the rocks and emerge at the bottom, given a poncho, and directed to the "boardwalk" type bridges and stairs and to take as long as you like.  This is the BEST way to see the Falls up close.  You can hear and feel the power of the falls, and get plenty wet from the mist.  Every time you turn around, you see another rainbow within the Falls!   The non-slip sandals they give you do the trick, and you'll never feel that you're loosing your footing.   The Hurricane Deck - HOLY CRAP!  We got it on a day when the wind was blowing in a certain direction to make the power of the Falls on the Hurricane Deck even more powerful.  I had to step aside because I could feel the water trying to wash my contacts out of my eyes!  My husband just stood there on the deck, taking in the power, and loving it.  This "tour" is not available on the Canadian side, but is worth the walk across the Rainbow Bridge to the American side, if you were thinking of just doing the Canadian side. Side note:  It's on a place called Goat Island.  While there are no longer any goats on this island, the name is awesome, as is the story as to how it got its name.  If you walk onto Goat Island, make sure you stop and read the sign.
This is probably the best attraction at the Falls, with the Maid of the Mist coming in a close second. This gets you as close to the Falls as possible, and is a much better attraction than the Journey behind the Falls on the Canadian side. They tear down the boardwalk every winter, and rebuild it every spring due to the ice that forms arounds the base of the falls. The first time I tried to visit, there had happened to be a rockslide that damaged the boardwalk that very morning, resulting in the early closure of the attraction for the season. Therefore when it opened in Spring, I was there the very first day to experience it with my family. The rocks by the path to the boardwalk is inhabited by hundreds of seagulls, and the smell of guano is strong in the air. For what you're about to experience though, it is totally worth it. You will get sprayed by the mist from the Falls, but will need to climb many steps to get right underneath it. Get ready to be completely soaked as the water from the Bridal Veil Falls cascades over the boardwalk, bathing you in the wonder that is Niagara Falls. If you do nothing else, make sure to come during Spring and Summer when it is open and experience the Falls up close and personal.
$11: to get soaked. If that is your call and you don't mind waiting an hour or more in line then this is for you! I will say being THAT close to the falls is amazing, but the cost, the line, and ponchos that don't protect you from getting wet is not really worth it. I'd rather pay to experience the Maid of the Mist again.
This is great attraction, especially on a hot day. Expect to get drenched.   Lots of fun worth the price.
Great for all ages!  It's simply amazing the see the falls up close and to hear the rumble of the falls.   Rather you go to the lowest deck or to the hurricane deck, you will be blown away by mother nature and the speed of the rapids!   Plus, you get to keep the souvenir sandals they give you to wear down to the falls.
Plan to spend good amount of time ( I spent 2 hours) at this place. You cannot spend  more time even if wanted  in Maid of the mist. This is the only place to feel the falls and get a closer look at american falls. Its amazing to get wet under the falls directly. As many reviews said, plan to visit this place first to get free sandals (water proof and non slippery), so that you use them on next day/next activity to avoid your shoe getting wet. Be prepared to get water proof camera (if possible), a zip lock cover (to put your phone and wallet) and a towel  . Highly recommend to buy Adventure Pass ($33) for exploring all the things inside the park if you have atleast a days time which includes Cave of the Wind
The line to get tickets was non existent THANK GOD! Had we arrived 10 minutes later, it would have been a half hour wait. Next was the super quick line to get your free sandals. Super comfy stylish blu/green/white sandals, that you get to keep. I'll definitely wear them again. Now is where the real wait is... to get to the elevator to go down ...at least an hour wait. Once you take the elevator down and go through the tunnel you get your hazmat looking ponchos. You might as well be wearing a net.. you WILL get wet if you go to the Hurricane deck! The Hurricane deck is the best part...the winds, the water and the fact that you cant take a picture to save your life because of the winds and the water makes it pretty awesome because it's not something you can capture, it has to be experienced. Definitely worth the experience.
Taking a cold shower on the Hurricane Deck at Cave of the Winds is probably the most fun you can have at the falls that doesn't involve a barrel, (or two Clifton Hill hookers, a slab of Canadian bacon and a hockey stick.). As Leo Bloom once said, "I'm wet. I'm still hysterical and I'm wet". Some tips for you folks who are contemplating the Falls version of hydrotherapy: 1) Don't take your camera unless you already have a waterproof housing. Your best bet is a FujiFilm Quicksnap Waterproof disposable (27 exposure) available from B&H Photo (online) for $6 each plus $3 shipping for the whole order. (Cost me $20 total for 3 cameras shipped within 4 days). Water and high end electronics do not play well together. Don't trash your sparkly new digital. And if your Rolex ain't waterproof, now's the time to bag it. 2) You'll be issued a big plastic garbage bag with a hoodie to cover you. It ain't gonna help much. If you're doing this right, you're gonna get completely soaked anyway, so don't wear your Sunday best.  If possible, wear shorts, or roll up your pants/jeans. Lose your socks too, if possible. 3) You'll also be issued a pair of non-slip rubber sandals. You'll be carrying your own shoes in a plastic bag, so don't bring anything heavy. Take off the knee-high UGGS and put on a pair of flip-flops or that pair of sneakers that's about to bite the dust BEFORE you head for the Cave. Keep those sandals on if you're going to the Journey Behind The Falls on the Canadian side. They don't give you any sandals there, and the tunnel floor at Journey is a slippery mess. 3) Grab a quart-zized ziplock bag at the grocery and put your wallet, passport or any other important papers inside. Same goes for any wet activities in or around the falls. 4) There are thousands of gulls and other birds that use the Goat Island cliff between the falls as a nesting area. Our feathered friends eat. Then they get airborne. Then they do pretty much what we do after we've ingested our daily repast. Ergo, the area around the Cave deck looks like an avian Jackson Pollack art installation, with the appurtenant odors that accompany said artistry. Close your eyes and think of roses or mama's homemade cookies if you need to. And wear a cap or your hoodie. 'Nuff said. Worst case scenario---you're a victim of aerial bombing---go take a shower on the Hurricane deck. We who are about to be saturated salute you!!
AWESOME!!! Very beautiful and thrilling experience! Prepare to be soaked. :)
First, it was really fun and impressive.  More than I thought it would.  You get right up, outside, by the falls.  You get soaked.  You feel the power.  You hear the roar.  Nice. second, there is no real cave. It is a walk outside right by the falls.  Very different than what I expected from a previous visit to the Canadian side.  However, it was very good.  Worth it. Go.  Enjoy.
Didn't know what to expect here. MAN was it cool! You got to stand almost under a water fall. The power was amazing! I had to drag my 9 year old daughter out of there she was having so much fun. It was amazing to find out that the take the entire decking down each winter and put it back up each spring. Well worth the trip.
Take an elevator to get closer to the falls. its half priced in the winter since you don't get to see the actual cave or veil of water.  You do get really close. I didn't personally do because i went in april/may and it was way to cold. The mist is so strong at the bottom because as I stood on top of the area mist was flying up from that area. I'd say its worth it, in the summer. only $12
loved loved loved this. by far the best, most unique way to see the falls. it is a winding stairway down and up, and you end up at one point on what is called the hurricane deck. no kidding!! walking up the stairs approaching the American Falls pouring down on you, it is hard to climb the stairs or even breathe with the sheer force of water coming at you. it was amazing, exhilarating and terrifying!! it was awesome, this can not be missed and is the best way to really see (read: be in!) the falls. they give you cute little shoes to wear that you then can donate to charity which I thought was so awesome as well. we had some great ice cream right outside the exit. yummy!!!! we we really lucky, we barely waited in line for any of the activities, no more than about 5 minutes. I think this was because it was still early in the season and it was a Friday.
A truly amazing experience.  Do it the right way and go poncho-less!
This is the most awesome experience for $11.  You get a poncho, bag for your shoes, and a pair of sandals, which you can keep or donate afterwards.  I was walking in them the whole day.  The sandal is the latest fashion in Niagara Falls.  You walk through the maze of the stairs and come right under the falls. You get an exhilarating feeling of how powerful the waterfalls.  You get drenched!  Amazing staff builds the staircase every summer and takes it apart at the end of the summer.
You have to do the cave of the winds.  AMAZING!!! We had such a GREAT time here. Make sure to bring a waterproof camera and store all your belongings in a ziplock bag.  I also brought and extra plastic bag for my purse.  You will get wet but the experience is TRULY AMAZING!!!
The Cave of the Winds is another MUST DO when visiting Niagara Falls.  Expect to get drenched!  The tickets are completely reasonable at $11 per adult.  You get a poncho and sandals with the purchase of the tickets.  It is a self-guided tour and you are able to take as much time as you would like to take in the beauty.  Bring a waterproof camera!
This was totally amazing! I definitely recommend this as the last activity of the day because you will be drenched. They give complimentary ponchos and sandals, but that only helps a little. If you have gone on the Maid of the Mist right before, I would recommend double-bagging your ponchos which I saw some other tourists doing. If you want pictures, you definitely need a waterproof camera. The Hurricane Deck was awesome.
Really fun experience! I like how you can take as much time as you want wandering around the "caves." My most favorite parts is getting as close to the falls as possible and getting super soaked underneath the falls.
Really fun!  You get to be veeeeery close the Bridal Veil falls (a few feet from the water).  You get soaked and it really is like being in a hurricane weather since it's so strong.
So much fun! A must do for kids and kids at heart who are willing to get soaked on the hurricane deck! The poncho is useless, but we went expecting and wanting to get soaked. A must do at Niagara.
Really fun! We went on a muggy day so it was very refreshing.
Visited Niagara falls last Saturday afternoon.  We were in town for the Raiders/Bills football game.  Since we were there in mid-September, the lines were short.  I hear the lines are well over an hour in the summer. We found free street parking near Buffalo Avenue and 1st Street.  There are also several pay lots in the same area.  From there, it's about 5-10 walk through the park to the ticket booth. This was first time taking this tour.  It was great!  After you purchase your ticket, they give you a yellow pancho, and shoes.  I wore beach sandals, so I didn't take the shoes.  Next, they take your picture in front of a picture of the falls.  You can purchase the picture after the tour for $15.  Then, you take an elevator down to ground level. At that point, it's a self guided tour.  It's a loop that starts on ground level, works up to the Hurricane deck, then back down to ground level. You can use a nice camera on the ground level, but as you start up towards the Hurricane deck, it's too risky with a nice camera.  Before we started up the stairs, we switched over to disposable cameras. You will get soaked.  I followed an great tip and brought a quart size ziplock bag for my wallet, iphone, and digital camera.  Even with the pancho, you will get soaked. If you are also planning to see Maiden of the Mist, I would do the Maiden first, then Cave second.  Wear shorts, and sandals to avoid getting your pants, socks, and shoes wet.  Also, you wont have to carry around extra shoes. If you are also planning to visit the Cave of the Winds, I would do the Maiden of the Mist first.  Then walk to the Cave of the Winds.
The one thing that really spoiled it for me was the awful gut wrenching smell from all the bird poop upon entering the area.  They need to either hose it down or douse it with some sort of neutralizing chemical.  It is so awful and leave a lasting impression.  Once you get past the health hazard, this is really fun getting sprayed by getting so close to the American Falls.  Definitely fun and you can stay as long as you like as opposed to the Maid of the Mist which will be there for only 10 minutes and then heads back to shore.  And for $11, its a reasonable deal with the poncho and sandals which they require you to wear (even though I have perfectly good slide-proof slippers).  Gotta go!
What a thrill to walk practically under the falls!  For 11 bucks, it's worth it-costs less than some less-than-thrilling movies.  Would like to do it again and stay there longer (I had to leave to meet family but still stayed there for an hour, which is enough for most people).
Amazing!!! I had grown up on Grand Island and left 27 years ago.  I even worked at Niagara Falls, I have never done the Cave of the Winds-AMAZING!  Loved it and have recommended to ALL!
you should visit this place for a cool break of the hot summer heat but remember to protect your cameras and electronic devices 'cause you will get wet to put it mildly, learn from my mistakes, i busted my brand spankin' new canon camcorder here. but its awesome.
I chuckled at how far - literally and figuratively - my newly teenaged daughter had come on our 45 day summer road trip. She willingly donned the bright yellow poncho (accessorized with royal blue recycled rubber sandals) and joined me on the Cave of the Winds tour. After squeezing into a crowded elevator and descending down a 175 foot shaft into Niagara Gorge, we emerged on a man-made wooden path. Said daughter immediately started pulling me toward the Hurricane Deck. Standing with your back against the railing only 20 feet from Bridal Veil Falls, you can feel firsthand what it might be like to hang out with Hurricane Irene. Yeah, not for me. My "little girl" dropped my hand in favor of the railing. Gone was the five-year old who once clung to my leg in fear - making herself sick - on the first day of kindergarten. I was now watching a brave young woman determined to live a life without regrets. This was one of my most treasured souvenirs from this trip.
an absolute must for anyone visiting niagara falls!  the ponchos they give you do a surprisingly impressive job of keeping you dry - assuming you don't hang out at the hurricane deck for too long. and those sandals they give you are comfortable and have great traction. i would recommend wearing shorts or rolling up your jeans/pants. bring a waterproof camera if you can. and when you are done, cross over to the canadian side, which has a better view of both falls. :)
I thought this would include an actual cave, but later I learned that the natural cave was actually closed in 1920 after a rock fall. How amazing would it have been to see the Bridal Veil Falls from behind? The line for this is ridiculously long only because people can take their time walking up and down the redwood decks, which is actually removed and rebuilt every year in the winter and spring and is secured only by being wedged into the rock crevices without any bolting (interesting factoid). The best part of the tour is the hurricane deck, which allows you stand in front of Bridal Veil and experience its awesome power. The ponchos you get for this tour isn't as nice as the ones for Maid of the Mist and I ended up getting soaked because it was too short, but you do get sandals. If you're Asian, you keep the sandals after the tour and subsequently wear them around for the rest of the day.
