One of nature's great treasures.  If you're here, how can you help but check it out?  It's very hard to describe except to say that it's truly breathtaking.
Ok seriously how do you give Niagara a bad review, its freaking amazing. Was out for 2 weeks of training and some of my Friends and I decided to make the trek to check out the falls. I wasn't super excited but was interested and figured what the hell else am I going to do.. We walk up and it was breathtaking, to feel the power in the ground the sounds and the visual. I haven't traveled the world so I have no Idea how it compares to some of the other amazing place the earth has to offer but for the category of amazing this place will definitely fit the bill.
This is a must go attraction if you're visiting Toronto. Included with your entrance fee is a  a blue rain jacket. You will hop on a boat and it will take you around the waterfall. I highly recommend people that they pee before going on the boat because you will need to pee pretty badly when you hear the water sounds. Luckily, there are a ton of washrooms at Niagara Falls, so you don't have to worry about waiting in line to pee.  Also, bring a waterproof camera for photos.
Beautiful & amazing! Every minute, every hour, every day... these falls are different.
After saying goodbye to Niagara Falls the US side it was time to hop on our tour bus as we cross over the Canadien border and say hello to Niagara Falls the Canadien side... Its been such a very long time since I haven't visited Niagara Falls Canada... All I can say about Niagara Falls Canada is that the sights and sound of the waterfall is a beautiful historic landmark to see!!!
One of the landmarks that all Canadians and Americans should see at least once in their lives.  This was my 3rd visit, but 1st as an adult -- and it's still fabulous!
My first visit here was back in 2008-2009. And we loved it, the Canadian side is a thousand times better then the NY side. There is so much to do besides the falls, I got engaged here. And we are thinking of making this trip our yearly tradition with family.
Morning, Day, & Night, the fall is beauty! This has been my second time going to the falls, and I am planning on visiting again! I love the mist in the morning, the huge rainbow gold during the day, and the lights at night. I can't get enough of it. The hotels that I've stayed in gave such fantastic views but being up close and personal is 100 times better. I hopped on the maid of the mist, went on a journey behind the falls and snapped my camera's life away, yes it's not waterproof, but I wanted those moments to last forever. During the day, there are many other things to do. If you're sick of the water, which you will never be, you could go to local places to have another perspective. Maybe jump on the people's movers for $8.85 which will lead you to many places such as the butterfly exhibit, floral clock, etc. If you want some crazy adventure, go to the whirlpool jet boats, you'll have a blast! There is so much things to do with so little time in Niagara, it's wonderful, you would never want to leave! With all the restaurants, arcade, shoppings etc, you'll never be bored. At least I didn't get bored. After you're done playing, come back to the falls at night and look at the view again! All of the different colored lights shining through the water makes it gorgeous. Ahh... Being able to have a "peace" of heaven for free is always the best.
Awesome.  Just go.  Take a ride on the Maid of the Mist.  Take pictures, take video.  Live it up - this is one of our world's seven natural wonders!
Everyone has to go at least once. It makes a great weekend trip.
Niagara Falls (from the Canada side) was a beautiful site to see. If you drive all the way down the street they have a parking lot to the right for $10. Closer towards the beginning of the falls they have metered parking. It was very cold out and starting to snow when we visited in February. We luckily experienced a rainbow as we walked around. There is also a little town that is filled with fun storefronts and a Casino. I don't know if it was the time of the year or if it was too early but the stores weren't open and the falls ride was not running. I would definately go back for the ride or to experience Niagara Falls at night. Fun landmark to see- don't bother stopping on the U.S. side! It's dead on that side of the falls for a reason.
Simply amazing.  The entire walking path on the Canadian side goes for a few miles and offers amazing views and pictures of both falls.  It's cool to watch the Maid of the Mist going into the mist and disappearing.  Also awesome to see people on the other side going into the Cave of the Winds.  When the sun popped out we saw a huge rainbow when looking at the U.S. falls.  So many good pictures, you could stand at a ledge for hours and watch in amazement.  You don't realize how big and powerful the falls are until you get close like this and see them.
Amazing place a must see for all if you can.
MY DIANNETTE and I spent our 29th Wedding Anniversary here. It was TOTALLY INCREDIBLE we enjoyed every second. At first we were "stung" but the prices that CA charges for every thing and the TAXES....GEEZ...but after you swallow that pill you are good to go. GOOD PLACE for children and adults. MUCH TO DO HERE! Fireworks every Wed, Fri, and Sat nights. HAD A GREAT TIME!
This was my third time to Niagara Falls and really enjoyed it. The last couple of times that I was here was in the summer and fall. Since we were there in January, the falls were beautiful with the frozen trees and scenery. LOVED it!!  The grounds were very well kept with salt all over the sidewalks. Enjoyed the views of the falls in the winter time!!
Seeing the falls is absolutely breathtaking.  Yes, the area surrounding it is a gaudy tourist trap.  Yes, there's tons of mist, making it difficult to see.  All of those things are true, but the natural beauty and wonder of the falls is incredible.  Watching the water shoot down the river towards the falls, hearing the roar of it, it's all amazing and definitely worth the trip.
I hate to be a hater but the darn place was foggy as all hell and we could barely make out the actual falls. Kinda bummed since we trekked the 90 miles from Toronto. My experience resembled nothing like what I had in my mind or what I had seen on TV or in photos. So, that being said, it was still really pretty amongst all that misty fog. And it had quite a thunderous roar! It was a unique experience taking the Maiden of the Mist boat to be in the "belly of the beast" as they say. I got pretty damp with the wind blowing the heavy mist directly into the boat. I may have been more bummed if I had to wait in line more than 10 minutes but I didn't! Or if I had super high expectations going into it, but I didn't! All-in-all, it's worth a trek at least once in your life if you happen to be close to Niagara Falls, but you definitely won't catch me taking my honeymoon there!
I wish I could have gone here with a significant other because the view makes it an ideal romantic location. I went here during one of the worst times. It was extremely cold and due to the crappy weather the boat tours were not being offered so I could only enjoy the falls from the walkway. Boo =(. I loved the experience and am looking forward to making a trip to visit the falls again. Hopefully, it will be with a boyfriend this time!!
VEERRY COOL PLACE. went here on a roadtrip as a kid. it was a little over my head but i do remember being in awe for the most part. one of those places everyone should visit at least once along with the Grang Canyon. you owe it to yourself to visit Niagara Falls.
Um...seriously?  I don't think I'm really qualified to "review" one of Mother Nature's awesome power & beauty spots.  What's not to like?  I've been here several times during all seasons and found all times appealing.
This afternoon witnessed my second visit yo this sight. When we first saw the Niagara Falls USA in our car, we were excited. Besides, we saw two rainbows, and it was really beautiful.
Niagara Falls -gorgeous and breathtaking. The Canadian side is so majestic and awe inspiring! Such power and beauty!
Breath taking!
Breathtaking!
If you like waterfalls, Niagara Falls is the place to be.  I've been to both the Canadian and American sides and I must say I like the Canadian side better.  I've been to the Canadian side twice, once in '04 and once in '06.  I was definitely more impressed my first time here, but the second time, we came later in the day so we were there at night when the lights were shone on the falls, so it was really pretty!  It's definitely one of those places you have to go visit if you're in Toronto, which is where we were both times we visited.
Ya, it's full of tourists with camera's etc, but c'mon - you knew that when you planned a visit!!  The falls are beautiful and so happy to visit every time!!!
If you go to Niagara Falls you MUST go see it from Canada. While the American falls are impressive the Canadian falls are even better! With lots to do and see in and around the falls give yourself ample time to explore and take it all in. The Niagara adventure pass or whatever its called is a good value if you're interested in seeing multiple attractions during your visit.
Canadian side much better than American side.  You get a view of both falls and it's gorgeous.
One of the 7 wonders of the world! So pretty and natural! Well kept & very touristy, lots of hotels and shops. Beautiful park I think it was called queen Victoria park, so nice it had stairs, shaped bushes and a fountain facing the falls. Go to the canada side to get a view of the falls on the nyc side! Also on this side is the behind the falls attraction.
Niagara Falls is incredible. So majestic and powerful. And loud! The view from the Canadian side is wonderful and the Maid of the Mist is well worth it! The rest of the town is hokey and touristy, but I loved it.
Like everyone says, go to Canada. The falls look better from there. Only 4 stars because it's sooooooo touristy :( but the falls themselves are magnificent!
The view here is so much better than the American side. You can see American falls and Horseshoe falls clearly. I had the chance to actually catch rainbows from all sorts of angles. I walked the entire length and it was definitely breath taking. As you approach horseshoe falls, you get a little bit wet from the mist of horse shoe falls. It's funny to watch the boats get close to the falls and all of the passengers get soaked. Must be more beautiful closeup. I came here on a wednesday afternoon, and it was packed with tourists and patrons. There is parking near the bridge, but at $5 for 30 minutes!!
You have to check out the falls from the Canandian side...it's just awesome! There's this lookout spot near the bottom of the incline railway that's right in front of one side of the horseshoe falls. You'll probably get a little wet from the mist, but you can see the edge of the horseshoe falls up close. The speed of the water up close is insane. You won't really get an appreciation of the falls unless you get up close to it.
I rode the Maid of the Mist.  I thought the Falls were more sublime than beautiful.  I wasn't overcome and it didn't feel spiritual but it was a wonderful experience.  I've never been on the New York side.  My group bused in so we didn't go to the botanical gardens or butterfly conservatory.
Amazing!  I've been to Niagara a few times when I was younger, but I have never appreciated it as much as I did this past trip!  I am so happy that I went during low season so it wasn't that busy (I can't imagine what it must be like during the spring/summer), and the ice and snow on the falls made the contrast of the flowing water so much more beautiful.  Go go go!!
If it wasn't for the tacky/dumpy attractions in the area I would give it a 5 stars.    The only thing it has going for it is that it's much nicer than the American side, and at least there is a pretty nice park that runs along the cliff where you can take pictures and enjoy yourself.   The surrounding area feels like a crappy carnival, and isn't worth the walk.    We walked over from the US, and the park right after the customs was really nice (actually probably the best part of the whole trip was sitting there in the shade watching the falls).   We were hungry and ended up eating at the Secret Garden restaurant...not bad, but my burger was pretty bland.    Friendly service though.
One of the best things about being in Toronto is the proximity to Niagara Falls. It is a great day trip, whether winter or summer - the Falls are always spectacular. Also make sure to hit the town of Niagara on the Lake for some old town cutesyness.
Definitely should be seen at least once.  The view from the Canada side is breathtaking.  The ride on the "Maid" is worth the money and experience.
The falls were amazing, Day and Night. You have to see this at least once in your lifetime. I did a boat tour as well and it was really fun and worth it. I saw the a little rainbow across the falls, took alot of pictures and at night time the falls will glow in different colors... I would love to come here again.
One of the most awesome things I have ever seen.  The surrounding town isn't all that great, but the falls are magnificent -- a must see.
my mid-winter visit produced a slightly obscured view of the magnificent falls amongst the drifting mist and snow. afterwards, we escaped to the warmth of the visitor's center, took a pic in front of a moose, and munched on timbits from tim horton's. A+++
AMAZING & MESMERIZING!! I could plainly see the falls from the flight to Albany from 35,000 feet! This is an place that is so beautiful with all of the botanical gardens and a carnival like atmosphere nearby. The falls themselves are hypnotic. I was enthralled by the thunderous roar and rising mist. I've returned several times and don't believe I will ever get tired of going. RAW POWER. Everyone should witness it at least once.
SO much better than the gastronomically bereft and view-deprived NY side of the equation that it's physically hard to put into words.  Yes, it's kitschy, yes, it's touristy, but you know what?  It's *there*.    And there are people.  There are fabulous views.  And there are restaurants, which is a concept that seems to have been outlawed on the U.S. side.   Don't be lulled by tales of lush walking paths and the absence of roads on the U.S. side, skip it and go straight to Canada.
It was great seeing the falls. They are a spectacular sight and something everyone should see if given the chance. Next time I won't go in the winter. I should have known better being from Southern California...Brrrr! =)
By far more spectacular than their American counterpart, the Canadian side of Niagara Falls (also known as the Horseshoe Falls) attracts thousands of tourists each year due to the sheer beauty and excitement of seeing the world famous falls up close.  While summer is usually tourist season, many come to the falls throughout the year as a side trip from Western New York, Toronto, or other parts of Canada.  The American Falls can be seen afar as well as the bridge that links Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada to Niagara Falls, New York, USA.  Visitors should observe all signage at this provinicial park and NOT cross the iron barrier separating visitors from the falls.  The recent (2011) case of a Japanese student who fell to her death after being warned by others to get away from the ledge (japannewstoday.com/?tag=…) highlights the importance of observing these signs. While I didn't see any tourists crossing over the barrier, I did see some actors dressed in period British uniforms in commemoration of the 200th anniversary of the War of 1812, which basically gave Canada it's independent identity and spirit. It's definitely a must for those living and visiting in or near the area.
This place is just plain beautiful!!!!  What else can one say about Niagara Falls, being one of the 7 Wonders of Canada.  It is beautiful and a must see from both the Canadian and US side.   The views are better from the Canadian side but boat riding near the Falls, is better on the US side. They have great schedule of different activities they do during the night, such as lighting up the Falls and weekend fireworks.
American side pretty. Canadian side and views-- stunningly gorgeous.  Make sure to walk to promenades and see tons of different breathtaking views. This review if for the falls views only. Everything else around here, ewwww.  I knew it was going to be massively touristy, but damn, pretty crappy.   Horseback riding nearby was Awesome.
A nice experience for those who are into nature and taking MANY pictures as you will see happening at almost every corner. It is of course a tourist attraction where you will witness different tours happening, crowds of people walking together, and while walking by the falls - you'll catch a glimpse of the maid of the mist. It's quite misty in the morning as I have stayed overnight during a couple visits, but all of the shops that sell souvenirs will always have plastic poncho's or a set of umbrella's that they keep on hand. I'd say the plastic poncho's are better since there is more coverage. Around  the falls, lie great scenery at just about every angle - even passing by Niagara on the lake there are some great little boutiques and places to purchase ice cream/gelato/desserts while you roam around the area. Generally it's a fantastic place to bring any new tourists, friends or immigrant family members who want to experience fresh air and scenic views. Sometimes the food and restaurants can be a bit expensive, so I suggest that if you drive here - you can always bring some food and a cooler for some drinks to keep yourself hydrated while you roam. During the weekends or peak occasions, it tends to get fairly crowded, so driving along some of the more popular roads tend to get frustrating
I think this is one of the 7 wonders of the world or something. It is so beautiful! I highly recommend the trip here if you are anywhere close by. We we're staying in Toronto and it was about a 1.5 hour drive and well worth it. Be prepared to get a little wet, and a lot wet if you decide to do a boat ride, which we did not do. Also check out Niagara on the lake, a cute little town nearby.
We suck as humans because we don't appreciate the majesty of our natural surroundings. Don't miss the opportunity to do so here. This is a pure tourist trap, so just give in and trap yourself into disconnecting for a few hours and love the world around you.
Great experience coming near to the falls it self, road the Horn blower boat, wish they have and audio tape that some how gives historical infos or trivia while sailing the great river like the one I boarded in San Francisco Bay area. But it was an enjoyable experience.
Niagara Falls is not man made, so how can it be anything less than five stars?  Roaring waterfalls, rushing down jagged rocks, what's not to love? The best way to see the falls is on the Canadian side before sunset.  You will get a lot of great photographs.  If you stick around, they light up the falls in multicolored lights at approximately 9:00 p.m.  On some nights, there are fireworks.  The lights were very difficult to photograph with a simple point and shoot camera though. The best way to experience the falls is the Maid of the Mist (or Hornblower) boat tour.  I would recommend choosing your boat tour based on whichever side of the falls you are staying.  The boats will take you very close to the falls.  The Cave of the Winds tour is popular as well. If I wanted to be a real jerk, I'd give Niagara Falls only four stars, because I didn't get to see a rainbow while I was here.  I saw so many people's photos of Niagara Falls, and my favorite color is rainbow, but I'll be damned...no motherf*cking rainbow on either the New York OR Canadian side while I was here. Nature, you're a real jerk.
My boyfriend and I visited Niagara Falls recently and absolutely loved it!  I definitely recommend staying on the Canadian side (as we did), but also exploring the New York side during the day. The one thing I didn't love about the area (on both the Ontario and NY sides) is that it's SUPER COMMERCIAL.  The area behind our hotel literally reminded me of Times Square or Hollywood.  Sort of sad, as I was expecting Niagara Falls to be in a more foresty / authentic area.  I also didn't like the fireworks over the Falls they do on certain evenings.  It felt so fake/contrived and was a sad contrast to the peaceful nature of the Falls.  It's also a bit sad that they light up the Falls at night.... seemed so fake.  Nevertheless, I loved my experience with the Falls. On the Canada side, there are plenty of great places to see both the Horseshoe Falls (the big one) and the Bridal Veil Falls (closer to the NY side).  I recommend getting there EARLY, as the place gets packed with tourists.  My boyfriend and I got up right after sunrise and went to see the Falls and we were literally one of maybe 10 people walking around at that time, compared to the thousands upon thousands who go there to take pictures later in the day.  It was perfect to take pictures when no one was there, and to also enjoy the Falls in peace and quiet. I will write more about the attractions we did on the NY side when I review the NY side of the Falls, but on the Canadian side, there are plenty of good restaurants, viewing areas, the Skylon Tower (which we didn't have time to do), and much better views!  Seriously, go close to the Horseshoe Falls observation deck on the Canadian side - it will be an incredible experience you'll never have had before!
More impressive than I expected! Walk the Canadian side for views, nice hotels in a better environment, and silly attractions. Walk the USA side for top-of-falls vistas from the bridge to the islands. Maid of the Mist was nice, but our favorite was the "Cave of the Winds" even though the cave is no longer accessible. There is a series of stairs and platforms that take you into the Bridal Veil fall, and you will get wet! Drive to Niagara on the Lake for nice shops and restaurants. Stops along the way include the Botanical Garden, Butterfly atrium, and Gorge tram.
Definitely the Canadian side is much better, cleaner, and probably safer than ny side. Buffalo/niagara can get pretty ghetto and the tourist area right by niagara park is dismal and lonely. Glad I chose to cross over. Its tacky tourist over in canada but at least there's some life.  The us side looked like a funeral.
Oh, WOW.  This was my first time seeing Niagara Falls, and it is as incredible as everyone says it is.  I really can't ding this place at all for anything bad.  Yeah, it's a tourist attraction, so it will be crowded.  If you park, in their lots, you'll pay, but it's not terribly expensive since you can just take the WEGO buses that zip around all the time to get from the different sites.   I went during some crazy weather, so when I wasn't getting sprayed by Niagara's mists, the rain was coming down.  If you're going to see the falls, just be prepared to get wet in some manner.   If you're going to see Niagara Falls, make sure you see it from the Canadian side - it's WAAAAAAY better and much more impressive.
The Falls are beautiful.  It's cool to see them in the daytime and at night while they are lit up. I wouldn't travel very far to come here, but if you live within 3 hours you should make the drive.  (Or if you're driving along 90, you could stop for half an hour.) I was amazed at how much touristy stuff there is to do around the Falls on the Canadian side.
So anyone who does not give this 5 stars needs new eyeballs. There's water, lots of it, falling in epic style over massive drops.  The view is spectacular, the water roars, the spray makes it seem like it's raining.  Oh and if you are hungry there's a man in a raincoat selling hot dogs. For the best view go on the Canadian side. A must see if you are in this neck of the woods.
WOW! The Niagara Falls were breath taking and  just simply beautiful from the Canadian side. We purchase the Niagara Falls Adventure classic pass, which includes Journey behind the falls, Hornblower Niagara cruises, Niagara Fury, and the White Water walk. Each tour was unique such that the falls were presented differently and you actually get a taste of the falls. The experience was mind blowing and the history is beyond perfect. Also, the scenery was beautiful and refreshing. Within the area, there are huge arcades, adventurous site seeings, the famous sky wheel, lots of restaurants, live bands, hotels, comfort inns, a ton of chocolate factories, two casinos, and so much more to do and see. Also, there are a good selection of wineries not too far from the falls. We ended up finding a place to park for $10 for the day. Good lord! I'm looking forward to visit again and spend more time next year summer.
How can you not give Niagara Falls 5 stars?!  The falls are one of the most beautiful and breathtaking things I've ever seen in my life.  I could have stood watching them forever, I think, and never grown tired.   As many people have already mentioned, you get the best view of the falls from the Canadian side.  If you are making the trip up there, I highly recommend you take the bridge over to Canada.  If you take a long trip and stay only on the American side, then in my opinion, it's a wasted trip.   As spectacular as they are during the daytime, they really come to life at night when they start shining the different coloured lights on them.  It seems to make them magical in a way. You also hear about people going over these things in barrels, etc. and if you're like me, I was always like, "WTF were they thinking?!"  But when you get up close and personal with the falls, you REALLY think to yourself, "WTF were they thinking?!"  It really puts it into perspective!   The sound of the falls also gave me goosebumps.  I can't even put the sound into words.  That much water rushing over is such a thunderous sound which just must be experienced! One day I'm going to go back to the falls.  I really want to see them again and I also want my hubby, who has never seen them, to see them with me.   If you've never been to Niagara Falls, this should definitely be something on your Bucket List!
The Ontario side of the Niagara Falls is an awe inspiring beauty. Gods creations are perfect in its way, it's beyond human hands. This is the best side of the falls. The horseshoe falls is amazing that at night a part of it is illuminated by lights. The American falls is lighted with pink and green and it's so pretty at night. You can stay there watching and gazing on the falls and you will never get bored. Awaiting for sunset is one of the best time.. Then a rainbow comes on  with the mist of the falls.. What a beauty. It's something I could just go and cross the boarder .. Just to look at its beauty. Make sure your camera is ready.
this place is just so huge, so powerful and so amazing. As a tourist on a time schedule I didn't have a problem getting done what I need to get done. As it would turn out We hopped over the US/Canada boarder and back all in about an hour. The views are breathtaking. You get fairly close on the Canada side and the falls can literally take you're breath away, the power is constant and eminence! I didn't have a whole lot of time to explore, the crowd was mellow and the attractions in the area area plentiful. The falls alone are worth a visit, no doubt this is a thing that everyone should see at least once in their lifetime.
Could you imagine if someone came on here and gave Niagara Falls a one-star review? Ha! "They were smaller than I imagined and that underwhelmed me." "The surrounding town was such a tourist trap that it detracted from the beauty of the Falls and I felt cheated by the trip entirely." "My expensive shoes got wet on the boat tour and I had to throw them away. Awful that they would bring the boat so close to the Falls!" Niagara Falls are beautiful, mesmerizing, wonderful. During my two-night stay in the, yes, massive tourist-haven town that looked like it was attempting to be Atlantic City with all the casinos, I was able to view the Falls from a variety of angles -- from the boat tour, from the hotel room, from the Skylon Tower, and from the edge of the Falls up on the road. I also saw them at all times of the day and at night and even got to catch the fireworks. I recommend you do all of this if you can fit it in with your schedule! It's so worth it. We got lucky with the weather and it was nice, mild and sunny during our stay on the Canadian side. Definitely be prepared for lots of walking. Beyond that, I just say: go, and try your best to ignore the gimmicky chain stores/restaurants. Focus on the massive/awesome natural wonder in front of you instead. (Review #400!)
Pretty dang incredible! The history here is also very interesting -- especially the ongoing battles over use of the water for hydroelectric power generation. Overall, the place seems like a clean version of Vegas.  Would take Niagara Falls over Vegas any day!
I've been here once before, but that was when hell froze over. In other words, winter time. Fast forward to July 2014, I was greeted with dastardly weather as well (typhoon passing by), but at least the falls we're flowing at a nice rate. They were absolutely breathtaking to say the least and should be visited more than once. If you're hungry after all the sightseeing , do not, I repeat, do not, go across the street to that 7 floor mall's food court to eat. You'll be paying a special tourist fee (no joke) on tap of NY tax.
Wow the falls really are amazing! The hubs and I visited over Memorial Day weekend and we had a blast! We stayed on the Canadian side and did the Journey Behind the Falls and the Hornblower Cruise. The cruise is a definite must!!! You get up close to the falls so be prepared to get wet! Niagara Falls really is something special. I highly recommend visiting. Couple tips: We did the Adventure Pass but I don't think we made it worth it. We weren't interested in the movie (we heard it was boring) and the WEGO buses were slow and didn't run as often on Sundays (we ended up walking everywhere). Next time, I would just buy our tickets individually.
Come in the day or at night you will enjoy this beautiful wonder of the world. I have been to the American side and the view from the Canadian side is way better as you have a full front view of the falls as well as we have a lots more to do in terms of attractions. I have been to the falls in different weathers. The view in the winter is amazing while the ground is frozen yet the water is falling with the same speed. If you are lucky in the raining season you might see a rainbow over the falls. Watch out for the tourists flocking on the Canadian long weekend and its packed to the max in the summer time. The Clifton hill makes it worth while to stay and check out some of the attraction Niagara Falls have to offer. Restaurant and hotel are plenty so there is no shortage on it and lots of diverse restaurant provide variety of food to all kinds of people with different dietary restrictions.
As you drive closer, you start hearing a distinct roar that gets louder & louder. You also see an increasingly large number of cars being driven, as well as pedestrians walking alongside the streets. You're about to have an unforgettable experience by seeing an electrifying creation of nature carved into a landscape of wind, ice, & water some 12,000 years ago:  Niagara Falls. It is an exciting sight to see the power, thunder, majesty, & mists of the amazing Niagara Falls w/ water being drained from 4 of the 5 Great Lakes - & there are 3 falls straddling the US (New York) Canadian (province of Ontario) borders known collectively as Niagara Falls.  The US side consists of the American Falls w/ a height of 184 ft & 1,075 ft wide, & the smaller Bridal Veil Falls right next to it. yelp.com/biz_photos/niag…  On the Canadian side, the Horseshoe Falls has a height of 177 ft & a deeply curving crest of 2,200 ft wide, making it the largest & most spectacular of the 3 falls, as well as the most powerful waterfall in North America. Best views are from the Canadian side, as you are able to see a gorgeous panoramic view of all 3 falls; whereas, the US side does not allow you to see the majestic Horseshoe Falls. yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… With more than 11 million tourists visiting the Canadian side of Niagara Falls annually, our periodic visits to family in the Greater Toronto Area almost always includes a 2-hour drive to experience once again the splendor & thunderous beauty of Niagara Falls. We never get tired of seeing the falls, as they are an amazing natural wonder that is so awe-inspiring! There's a 1-mile walkway alongside all 3 falls, where you can leisurely walk & enjoy the beauty of the falls, while taking many pictures along the way. At one end of the walkway at the Horseshoe Falls, you are awed when you're within a few feet of the water intensely rushing over the edge of the falls. In our most recent visit, it was a special one, w/ a beautiful rainbow appearing in the mist against the sun. At night, the falls are illuminated by colored floodlights, w/ fireworks on summer weekends & romantic restaurant dining overlooking the falls. yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… One of our favorite & fun experiences is a 1/2-hour ride on a double-decked, diesel-powered boat for a dramatic & thrilling way to get up close to all 3 falls, called Hornblower Niagara Cruises, the same company that also does San Francisco Bay & New York tours. (For the past 150 years, Maid of the Mist was the sole operator of these boat rides & continues to operate a similar boat ride from the US side; however, as of Spring 2014, Hornblower was the successful contract bidder on the Canadian side). Boat riders are given red plastic rain ponchos (vs. the iconic blue ones of the Maid of the Mist) to wear, as you do get wet from the wind & the mists. And what a thrilling & electrifying ride on a 360° viewing platform to see unobstructed views of 42 million gallons of water falling per minute over the edge of the falls! This boat ride is a highly recommended thing to do while here. Hornblower has also added sunset cocktail hours under a white tent on the grounds & special-event cruises. Other tours include descending to the base & behind the falls & getting a close-up view of the raging rapids. yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… yelp.com/biz_photos/niag… While the falls are the main attraction, the Niagara area has something for everyone: 1) immaculately groomed natural parkland - hiking trails, exquisitely landscaped botanical gardens, Bird Kingdom, Butterfly Conservatory; 2) Clifton Hill, an entertainment area of touristy wax museums, souvenir shops, themed restaurants, carnival midway, arcades, Guinness world records, mazes, haunted house, mini golf, indoor water park); 3) two major casinos; 4) more than 80 wineries specializing in ice wine; 5) Marineland - an aquarium, amusement & animal exhibition park w/ marine shows. It is truly an unforgettable experience, as we always look forward to seeing a natural wonder that is as magnificent as it is. Known for its beauty & a valuable source of hydroelectric power, Niagara Falls will always be there.
What did I know about Niagara Falls growing up on the West Coast and merely knowing that they existed?  Two things.  That they were a landmark known the world over and that people honeymooned there.  Travel magazines, and clean ones at that, would feature all the kitsch honeymoon packages with couples soaking in bubbles in heart shaped tubs in the back few pages along with ads for rustic lodges in Yellowstone and in the Smokies.  So, one couldn't help but think that Niagara Falls were (a) big and (b) kitsch. Ignore all that.  They are truly impressive.  I have seen them two times.  The fact that the Canadian Falls are horseshoe shaped and the American Falls have more of a linear shape is interesting.  The size and power of the falls is interesting.  The noise of water thundering down in contrast to the quiet of their somewhat park like setting is interesting.  It's all good. Of course, the tacky stuff is now there, such as the high rise hotels, the casinos, the honeymoon hotels, the chain hotels, and the chain fast food places.  Other than the fact that you might stay at such a hotel, try to ignore those too.  However, going to the top of one of the view towers is recommended.  Not only that, I'm sure the beauty will vary by season - whether it's a warm summer, autumn during peak color, or a winter wonderland. While I could have chosen to place this review under the listings for either Niagara Falls, NY, USA or Niagara Falls, ON, Canada, I chose the latter.  Once the tackiness thins out, the little Canadian town of Niagara Falls is actually very quaint.   Here are a few tips: (1)  Definitely walk on the long sidewalk next to, and slightly above, the top of the falls on the Canadian side to sense their majesty and power. (2)  If an American and you'd like to combine this getaway with a trip to nearby Toronto (90 minute drive) as well, use the Buffalo airport and avoid all the Canadian airport taxes.  I once found a ticket from the West Coast for less than $250 round trip on American Airlines and got to spend 1 day at the falls and 3 days in Toronto, working them around a standard 2 day weekend.
What all can be said about this natural wonder of the world that thousands have not said before. You go there and you just feel in awe of the amazing specter that is mother nature. With all of man's accomplishments, it cannot compare to the power and triumph of nature. It is even great at nice with the coloured lights shining on it and sometimes there is even fireworks! And the price of free can't be beat!
Days Inn Near the Falls.   I booked through them on booking.com and was NOT told it was prepaid.  I tried to push my reservation up a week and was told I could not because it was a prepaid room.  I told them I would pay extra to change the reservation, but they are still refusing.  I will keep this reservation, but will NOT book with them ever again.  I will tell my friends who are going to Niagara Falls not to stay at this hotel.
My trip to The Falls was fantastic! This was a celebratory trip of sorts for my friend and I.  Neither of us had ever visited this natural gem and knew there would be tons of photo opps. As such, the location was ideal and required minimal effort.  An hour flight to Buffalo then approx. an hour driving and voila.  We stood in the wake of Canada's beauty. I can't tell you how many times I was asked...why Niagara Falls, are you eloping? As we approached the Canadian border, I was prepared to present my passport, but was not ready for the hard-nosed grilling that ensued.  Why are you coming to Canada, did you drive the entire way, where do you live, who do you work for, what do you do there, do you have any firearms or alcohol, do you have over $10,000 in the car, how long do you plan to stay, etc... I started wondering if 2 ladies in a little Volkswagen Beetle looked suspicious. Thankfully, we answered all questions to the agent's satisfaction. Initially, there was a gray overcast and parts of The Falls were still frozen, but spectacular nevertheless.  I shot lots of pictures and returned that night to view the illumination.  Simply gorgeous. Apparently, many lovers still visit in hopes of catching some of its magic to carry on. We were only a few blocks away so we made several trips during our 4-day tour.  On the last day, we had full sun and free flowing water.  I'm looking forward to another visit in the summer for additional views, fireworks, and to explore the French Canadian cuisine.  Thanks to all of the Yelpers who provided helpful tips!
Maid of the mist cruise was a great experience. The water falls were incredible
Words Cannot Do It Justice This is the second time I have visited Niagara Falls and the photo opportunities are great.  The views are awesome.  The area around Niagara Falls is also very nice.  Prepare to walk a lot - there is a lot to see.  I would suggest parking closer to the Journey Behind The Falls area.
I've been here at least 3 times in my life in the span of 12 years. Each time Niagra Falls impresses me. The mist shower is kinda fun. The Canadian side is way better than the American side. It is expensive but worth it whether you're local or not. At night the colors reflecting off the water are just beautiful. The shops around the falls border on tacky meets kitsch with no fine line in between. It has a carnival feel that is both amusing and insulting. It's always crowded regardless of what time you go. The park itself is well maintained.
Does Niagara falls really need a Yelp review? When it has fewer reviews than most of the top restaurants in Boston then, yes. Everyone should see the Falls before they die.  Go to the Canadian side, get to the border crossing early and you won't have to wait, park the car and stroll along the flowered walkways and parks, enjoying not just the falls but the experience of being part of a community of people from all over the world, people in kaffiyehs and Amish hats, Indian Saris and tallits, people pushing wheelchairs and strollers, carrying cameras and easels, all equally thrilled and humbled by the tremendous crashing water, the noise, the spray, the rainbows.  You can look at it for hours.   There's a lot to do in the area also, visit the restaurants, take the power plant tour, visit wineries, shop, bike and hike.  A great area as well as a spectacular attraction that you won't forget for the rest of your life.
I came to see Marlon Brando's face floating over the waterfalls and I got a rainbow, a charming gothic mansion as a welcome center / parlor / mall, an incredible deck patio with red white and blue colored chips with the kind of nacho cheese you feel bad about and good about, for perfect people watching. So many people. I think they might be the attraction more than the waterfalls. While I just talked about nacho cheese, it really is a profound thing to step back to see that people, our need to see-see-see, to tour, to see what's natural inside in a 3d theatre, really trump what nature offers. The waterfalls in a way pale in comparison to what people have made of it. No, I don't think they should be isolated waterfalls that are completely left untouched. In fact, why isn't one of North America's biggest cities on its largest energy source? I was told not to go to the American side, and I didn't. I was told the Canadian side is better. I believe it. I also believe that a high rise waterfall side hotel room changes your entire experience of this place for the better.
Finally made it to The Falls and my biggest piece of advice is to catch it from Canada. It's a way better view and there's so much more going on than Stateside. Between the casino's, the picnic areas, the food options and the fact that both Horseshoe and Niagara are perfectly positioned for pictures you can chalk this one up as a win for the Canucks. Overall it really is a spectacle to see and definitely one to mark off your bucket list.
No matter the weather, looking at the falls is a majestic sight to be sure. I've now seen it in summer, spring, fall and winter and despite the extreme cold and dampness that subzero temperatures and rain can create next to the falls, the winter freeze creates breathtaking sculptures at the crest of the falls - something worth seeing for sure. Apologies to the folks on the non-Canadian side of the border the view looking back is certainly not as breathtaking as what we have. I've never done the Maid of the Mist but after seeing how tightly packed they put you on the vessel, I'm a touch wary about venturing out anytime soon. While it is tourist-y to the max, there is also no shortage of places to stay and things to do. Dozens of restaurants, hotels, 2 casinos, and more things to do to fill up a family day then you could possibly do (or afford) in a given day. Pro-tip: Walk down as close to the Horseshoe side of the falls as you can, the ledge there is no more than 20 feet from the top of the falls - the rush from seeing the power of the falls that close is exhilarating!
We stayed here end of April, so chilly but tolerable unless you were walking around at night, then get out the heavy jacket, hat and gloves because not only is it cold, it's windy. Paid extra for a falls view at the Hilton, which was worth it even though it was looking through our big window vs a balcony. Falls were gorgeous but area is extremely touristy and almost everywhere you eat here will be overpriced, some double or triple what the meals usually cost (esp chain restaurants, like Outback Steakhouse, Macaroni Grill, IHOP, etc). Next time, I'd stay somewhere else and drive back to see the falls.
The town of Niagara was pretty sad looking. We were encouraged (CONSTANTLY) to get our passports to go over to the Canadian side. All in all, we were very satisfied with the US side of the falls. We paid $10 for all day parking in the park and the shuttle took us all around the park for $2.00. We found out the last day that parking lot 3 was free. The night time illumination of the falls was fantastic as were the Maid of the Mist and Cave of the winds.
The Niagara Falls are by far the most spectacular and impressive waterfalls I've ever seen in my life.  The sheer size and volume alone warrant a 5 star rating as only a few other waterfalls in the world might be as visually stunning as the sight of Niagara from the Canadian side.  If you EVER have the chance to go, do not miss it!!! That being said, here are a few tips/recommendations: 1) The Canadian side offers more spectacular view of all 3 falls that make up Niagara (the American Falls, Bridal Veil Falls, and Horseshoe Falls).  If you had to choose to only view it from 1 spot, DEFINITELY see Horseshoe Falls from the Canadian side.  That being said, it's seriously no more than 5 miles to walk the entire Canadian AND American side (that includes a cool walk across the Rainbow Bridge for only 50 cents), so I strongly recommend walking on both sides if you have a couple hours.  Make sure you have your passport or other authorized ID for border crossing if you want to cross the bridge. 2) The cheapest parking we found was ~$10 if you park at the top of the hill off Centre St. (NW of Victoria Ave).  It was about $15/day to park in a hotel parking lot that lies on the Centre St. strip just a few blocks closer to the waterfront sidewalk.  Or if you have someone that can't walk/wheelchair the ~1 mile from Centre St all the way down to Horseshoe Falls (where the most spectacular view is), then you can pay $20 and park down there at the waterfront. Of course, being a major tourist destination, do NOT leave any valuables in your car, and do not leave anything in sight that might tempt someone to break-in (common sense but worth reminding). 3)  The Canadian side is totally commercialized, full of flashing lights, loud music, and underpaid teenagers coaxing you to pay $ to visit their {insert cheesy wax museum/haunted house/kids play area here}.  It reminded me of a weird mix between a carnival and Las Vegas with all the Casinos.  Given that I'm not a fan of either, I recommend skipping it all and just going for the view of the falls. 4) Check the tourism website and see if you can visit on a night when they do fireworks.  It's a relatively short/quaint ~10 minute show, but it's still worth seeing especially with the falls all lit up with multi-colored lights.   5) I recommend going 2-3 hours before sunset.  This leaves enough time to walk both the American & Canadian side during the day, then get some dinner during sunset, and finally catch the night view and fireworks before heading home (or to your hotel room). 6) I did not go on the Maid of the Mist (MOTM) boat ride that gives you a super-close and wet view of the falls, but given how soaked you get (even with the poncho) I can only imagine doing it when it's really hot outside.  If you go, make sure you bring an extra pair of shoes!  I saw many people carrying soaked shoes in plastic bags (obligated to buy the souvenir MOTM sandals) because the ponchos don't really protect them! 7) Go see Niagara Falls at least once before you die.  This should be on every North American's bucket list :-)
The Niagara Falls is one of the highlights of my life. Not kidding. It was just incredible to see. I'm really disappointed we didn't get to see them at night. Would have loved to see them all lit up but will just have to go back one day!
What can I say about Niagra Falls that you haven't already read or heard about? -The Canada side is the place to be -If you are making a long trip, stay the night. Make the most out of the experience -Be careful with your cellphone if you are from the States. Might get charged a lot. -Find parking down the road and take the scenic walk -Drive a little further to Toronto -Bring your passport -Border crossings can be short (5-minutes) or long (over 2 hours)
I'm not even sure where to begin with this. I can say, however, that I'll have to keep it short because I couldn't even begin to type out everything I love about this place. For starters, an absolutely stunning an majestic view. There's honestly something for everybody, even if you're not willing to spend any money. The Falls pretty much speak for themselves; living an hour and a half away, I come as often as I can to enjoy the natural beauty. If you are willing to spend a reasonable amount of money, you have another whole wide range of possibilities open to you. The ferry tour to the falls is a classic; they take you close enough so that you can feel the mist. There's other things to do for kids and teenagers, such as haunted house tours, etc. The shopping is great; although not cheap, it's great for tourists because there's a large variety of items available. The stores are really close together, so if you don't find what you're looking for in one, just hop on over to the other. Not into the water-based stuff? No worries. There's a few nice hiking and camping spots in the area as well. You could check out the rock formations if you're into that sorta stuff. The Devil's Punchbowl is one nice looking rock formation; I can't remember how far away from the Falls it is, as I went during my freshman year geography field trip. If you're in the area though, I recommend you check it out. That's mainly because I enjoy rocks, though. A lot of restaurants in the area. If you're not willing to drop a lot of money, there's always fast food chains such as the McDonald's. Otherwise, there's a lot of fancy places that I cannot even begin to name or recommend that you could try out. If you get the chance, visit Niagara Falls; you will not regret it.
Yes, Niagara Falls on Canada's side is so much better!  I think it's because there's too much blocking the way from NY's point of view. Anyways..parking can go from $10-25.  We saw some $10 parking spots near the $20 lot, haha.  It's great to walk around this area and take tons of pictures from different angles!
Does it get any better?! The Niagara Falls are just breath-taking. When we first walked up, I literally forgot to breath. They are just beautiful. The majestic beauty of nature, and the sheer force of the water (you can hear and feel the force of the water) - it's just amazing. This was my first time here, at the age of 35. I brought my son, and a good friend. We spent three days here, which was plenty of time. We got to do everything we wanted, which included just looking at the falls, doing the 'journey behind the falls' and the 'Maid of the Mist' - these are the two activities you MUST do while there. All others can wait, if need be. Now the town can kind of be a mess: lots of people. We chose to stay off the beaten path, at the Best Western Cairn (which was about two miles from the falls) which was great because we weren't right in all the chaos. Niagara has a FABULOUS bus-system, which I highly suggest utilizing. It makes getting around town super easy. We purchased an unlimited use bus-pass that lasted 48 hours for $5 per person.  This ended up to be an EXCELLENT decision, and made getting around town very easy. We definitely got our money's worth, and it made things so easy not to have to deal with finding parking and paying for parking. Now to see the actual falls, there's a pretty long path right along the falls so you can walk up and down to see the whole thing. Everyone had always told me that you can see the falls better on the Canadian side, and boy were they right! Since the falls are mostly ON the U.S. side, it's more difficult for them to see it, but super-easy for those of us that were on the Canadian side! There IS a bridge to go between countries right there, so you can walk or drive across to the other side (but we did not.). There's a big Information Building at the 'top' of the Falls, which is where you can go in and ask questions and buy your tickets for the Journey behind the falls. They've also got a little souvenir shop, and little things to eat and drink. Then to buy tickets for Maid of the Mist, that's a little farther down the path in it's own separate building (which is outdoor, and also has little things to eat and drink). There's plenty of potties around, and places to get food/drinks. The little "town" or "strip" is right there, a block away. There's lots of touristy attractions and restaurants. Bring your walkin' shoes, folks!! LOTS and LOTS of walking. I about died the first two days because I'd worn flip-flops, and my feet hurt so bad. I finally wisened up on the third day. But the thing is, you might want to BRING both: because you'll want to wear flip-flops for the Falls attractions because you WILL GET WET. But then afterwards, you may want to change back into tennis shoes. Also, take a ride up to the adorable, quaint, little town of 'Niagara on the Lake'. It's beautiful! This is a much slower paced town, and is full of little shops that you wander in and out of. It's also got nice restaurants, and bed and breakfasts. This is a MUST for adults. The kids will probably be bored, but for adults this is a must. It's full of little shops: Fudge, coffees, Christmas store, a hat store, souvenir shops, clothing and jewelry stores, etc... The town itself is adorable! It's an "old town" feel, and done up nicely with beautiful flowers and such. All together, Niagara Falls is an excellent place to see. One of nature's beautiful gifts that everyone should see once. It's also a nice family place, things to do with the whole family.
Niagara Falls is gorgeous!  The Canadian side has much to offer - the paths are terrific to walk on.  The roads are well maintained, winter and summer, the parking is well done as well (but not cheap).   Coming from the US, if you come across the Peace Bridge, you can drive the road by the river all the way to the Falls.  Its a very nice drive.  I recommend it in the summer, you can stop along the way and have a picnic by the water. Once at the Falls there are many things to see, of course the Falls themselves from many different views, are all worth it.  There is also a Botanical Garden there, there are places to eat, drink and otherwise "be merry".   Over the years the hotels there have been upgraded and its more "family friendly" than perhaps it once was.
Beautiful and breathtaking Niagara Falls. I wanna do it again! Go on the ferry around the falls and enjoy the beautiful scenic view of every corner. Love the whole environment of this amazing work by Mother Nature! Toronto I will be back again in my lifetime- thank you for being so breathtaking!
We drove across the Rainbow bridge to the Canadian side, eh! Remember to bring your passports, it is worth the view from the Canadian side. Plus there are beautiful gardens and walkways, a whole lot better up keep from the Canadians! Go for a day, or an hour...it's free and it's beautiful! If you want to save money on parking don't park in the $25 lot, just drive further away and park in smaller lots that are by the hour, we only put in $3 and it was a short walk to the falls. Beware of lots and lots of tourists! Remember to bring your camera! If you go during the day, you'll see pretty rainbows like this one: yelp.com/biz_photos/DHjM… There's a gift shop. There are tons of little eateries. There are tours such as the maid of the mist to spend your money on. But just standing around seeing such a grand gush of water was enough for me! If you're in the area, it's a must!
I'm so glad I came to the Canadian side!  The horseshoe falls is definitely the most impressive part of the falls.  I love how close you can get to the falls from the top, and then you suddenly get a weird morbid urge to jump into the water and "enjoy" the fall down.  I thought I was the only one but then a bunch of random people of all ages started mentioning how they were feeling it too ;) I did the journey behind the falls which was great, and gives you a real feel for the power of the water. Dock a star because the place is just too touristy for a natural wonder.  Anytime there's a "Ripley's believe it or not museum", the raw joy of visiting the place is ruined (much like fisherman's wharf in San Francisco).  But don't let that stop you from visiting, it's definitely something to see.
Growing up in Rochester, New York, anytime we'd have guests in from out of town, there was always a requisite trip to Niagara Falls involved. And can you blame them? The Falls are truly a natural wonder, an immense reminder that we humans are puny and insignificant, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. Viewing the Falls is an experience in itself but if you can take the time to do the Maid of the Mist tour, you will not be disappointed.
The Falls are nothing until you've seen them in person! Pictures do not do justice to this amazing sight, you have to see it in person. Must dos in Niagara Falls: -Maid of the Mist - this boat ride is well worth the price! -Cave of the Winds (on the US side) - the views from their bridges are unlike any other and to stand on the Hurricane Deck is a crazy experience. -Eat at the Pinnacle Restaurant if you're looking for a gourmet dinner with an amazing view -Visit some of the many awesome vineyards!
Hello Niagara, you are my 600th review. This is not only the honeymoon capital of the world (I'm really not sure why), but also the weekend getaway of many Toronto and environs residents. Of course, if you've never been here, it's worth walking along the bridge (Canadian side of course), taking in the falls (better in Spring than Winter because it gets really misty and you can't see), maybe even catching one of the tours Behind The Falls or in that boat where you get wet. After you've done this a few times, it's even nice to skip all that and have the view of the falls from your hotel room or restaurant. Check out Teambuy or Traveldeals.ca for any upcoming deals on stays. As for other attractions, there is a Strip on Clifton Hill that has tons of activities for all ages. There's Haunted Houses, Ripley's Believe it or Not, Wax Museums, an indoor roller coaster, a ticket arcade that at any age you can spend hours in, there's even a few clubs. There's also a Bird and Reptile Museum and a Butterfly conservatory. Check out also the Hershey Factory! When you've outgrown all of this, you can take a drive (or on the way) to Niagara on the Lake. The small main street has lots of boutiques for gifts, small restaurants and clothes for grandmas. It's romantic. You can also go to a winery or take in a play at the Shaw festival (yelp.ca/biz/shaw-festiva…). Back to Niagara Falls.... Food wise,it's very catered towards the American diner. Boston Pizza, The Keg, Brazillian BBQ, Ihop, Dennys, Applebees. For something different, check out Sandstone Grillhouse (yelp.ca/biz/sandstone-gr…). It was a hidden gem I found that was close to the Strip, but not as far as Niagara on the Lake, serves some good food and is different from the others. OR you can take a drive to the Niagara town and find Paris Crepe Bistro  (yelp.ca/biz/paris-crepes…)  It's only max 10 min drive away, and its a non-touristy unique restaurant. When you've really exhausted all your options, you can also go to the Casino. There are two. Casino Niagara (yelp.ca/biz/casino-niaga…) and Fallsview Casino (yelp.ca/biz/fallsview-ca…). They both are related to each other in terms of ownership, so if you have a Players Advantage Card, parking should be free in both. Inside the Fallsview Resort, there is a food court (usual food court stuff), some shops (love the Toy store here yelp.ca/biz/turtle-pond-…), and some restaurants (usually over priced, and I'd skip it unless you have credits from the Casino). Canada One Shopping outlets (yelp.ca/biz/canada-one-f…) are also on the way, and houses the Canadian Coach Men's and Women's outlet. Lots of good finds here. yelp.ca/biz/coach-canada… yelp.ca/biz/coach-men-ou… How can you get here cheaply? Take the Safeway bus! Read more here: yelp.ca/biz/safeway-trav… The only disadvantage is that you will not have the flexibility to get to shopping, over the boarder or On-the-Lake and other things. Surprisingly this Falls area is not the most walkable, especially staying at the Hilton or Fallsview. I would inquire about a shuttle. Oh yes, last year we went for the day, and went skating with the falls in the background! (yelp.ca/biz/td-rink-on-t…) How romantic. I think one of the better times to go is May, some time between the boarder line of "Low Season" and "Peak Season". Low season prices (and free parking everywhere) with Peak Season (re: warm) temperatures.
The falls themselves are beautiful.  You might think you understand how impressive they are from all the pictures you've seen, but you really have to go above them (on the American side) and below them (on the Canadian side) and hear and feel the water to really understand exactly how massive an operation this is.  It's awesome in the literal sense of the word. There are obviously a bunch of tourists on either side, but the Canadian side is much more touristy, or at least Niagara Falls, Ontario, is set up as more of a tourist town than its New York cousin.  This is all right in some ways, as there's a lot more life in general on the Canadian side.  But it's also a little bit wearying, kind of like Navy Pier in Chicago. One thing that impressed me about the Canadian side was how polite everyone seemed to be.  In general, crowded places with lots of tourists and families and overpriced food and trinkets don't bring out the best in people, but everyone seemed really friendly or at least mellow.  I was also impressed by the ethnic diversity of visitors on the Canadian side.  I had no idea there were so many Indians in Canada; if there aren't, then I had no idea so many Indians visited Canada.  Being from California, I don't normally get hung up on this stuff, but before coming here, I had spent the past few days outside of Boston and in upstate New York, and my white-people quotient was already reaching its breaking point. So hooray for Canada and beautiful waterfalls and diversity and politeness.  Boo for crass, cheap commercialism and cranky (Canadian!) border guards.  Everyone says the Canadian side of the falls is much more impressive than the American side, but I think it's a matter of perspective (literally).  I liked how much closer you could get on the American side.  But the sheer amount of spray on this side is also amazing.
Really enjoy this tourist area. The waterfalls are beautiful. It can get crowded in the summer, but there is still plenty of room for everyone. There are also a bazillion things to do around this area. It is such a big tourist area. At night the falls are lit up with different colored lights shining on them.. the falls change colors.. pretty breathtaking (in a good way. not the Seinfeld way). The lights/colors stop around midnight if I remember correctly. I wish the lights would stay up a bit longer since even at midnight there were tons of people all around the area. There's a nearby casino right next to the falls, carnival, shopping areas, tourist attractions, and basically anything else you can think of. It is definitely a place to go with friends, family, significant other, etc.
Review for the Canada Side of Niagara Falls... Although not really natural anymore (since modern engineering is controlling the falls now) it is a beautiful and spectacular wonder! So worth my trip to the Great White North. However, Niagara looses a star since the only "natural" thing there was the falls. There was touristy development up until falls. Boo. When I was first told we would spend all day there I thought, "I hope we don't get bored..." Well I didn't. The power of the falls is magnificent, the view of the horseshoe falls with a rainbow connecting Canada and the US falls: perfection!! Vendors like the hot dog stands and Tim Horton's: Timbits (donut holes/coffee) kept me alive. We got the full Niagara ticket pack. The movie and "power of the falls" ride was pretty good. The cartoon was pretty entertaining and the kiddies will love it. The tunnels that provide the close views of the falls were fun and cool. The Maid of the Mist boat ride was thrilling, fun and probably the single best thing to do there if given just one choice. The tram to take groups all around the falls attractions was convenient but unfortunately only runs til like 4 PM which made travel with the disabled hard to do. The light show of the falls were kind of disappointing. I was expecting more flashy light changes and vivid light shows (like World of Color at Disneyland) but I guess you can't expect much from like a government-funded national park. However, the fireworks were a nice touch and were enjoyable.
All I am going to say is - mock all you want about how corny it is to visit Niagara Falls...but it's seriously *amazeballs*.  It's like seeing the Grand Canyon - you can see it in movies, and all the pictures you want...but until you're there in person, you just don't get just what an amazing sight it is.
5 stars for the Falls.....I can stare at it for hours. The Falls is spectacular. 1 stars for the town: The last time I was at Niagara Falls, I was 12. I remembered the bustling and exciting Clifton Hill: Haunted house, Ripley's museum, candy stores, etc. I have such a happy memory of Niagara falls! And, now, looking from an adult's eyes, I see a lot of run-down or empty stores. I hate to say it,but a bit dingy.
I finished work early on Sunday. My colleague and I decided to drive over to Canada. It was a short drive over the Rainbow Bridge. Unfortunately, by the time I get there, it was raining cats and dogs. We paid the 20 bucks to park by the falls and took a nap. When we woke up, it wasn't raining as hard anymore, we decided to check out the falls. Well, it was a pretty nice sight. I'm not sure how much I enjoyed walking around soaked in water while enjoying one of the nature's best show of sight and force. After a short stroll, we got to the American side of the falls. It looks so wimpy in comparison. We decided to walk back to the horseshoe. When we got back to the horseshoe, the rain stopped and the sun came out. A rainbow came out right over the falls from the right side up to the center. Now that's something special.
Although I've been to Niagara Falls only once, I seem to like Niagara Falls.  Depending on weather, you might see the falls clearly or they may act a little misty.  People are always nearby and doing the same thing you're doing.  Not only that, but coming here proves to be a little romantic.  You seem to watch people who romantically kiss their soul-mate as both watch the rushing water tumble over the falls.  The sound of water rushing is so serene, it's hard to even figure into the equation how good being here really is. Even at night, these falls look like nothing anybody has ever seen before.  They're lit up in several colors(the lights that light them up exist on the opposite side of the road.  You can't miss them.).   Don't spend money though on taking the up-close tour from the deck directly across from the falls.  They don't provide you with free bags and you get drenched.  Even inside the building for this, you tend to feel the rush of water pushing itself inward(and I'm not talking about the building for Cave-of the Winds nor the Maid of the Mist boat. The whole thing is just breathtaking in a nutshell.  If you haven't been here yet, come here to get a glimpse for yourself.
The number one destination when family from Europe, or even elsewhere in Canada comes to visit. The Falls are a marvel that most Ontarians take for granted. Aside from seeing the Falls themselves, there's plenty to do in the area. Two casinos, two arcades and tons of restaurants. If you haven't seen the Falls yourself, and live anywhere within a decent range of it, you can't go wrong for a nice weekend away.
I'm writing this review for one simple reason, and one reason only.  Not to tell you how great Niagara Falls is.  Not to reiterate what has probably already been said by others better than me.  Not to tell you to "bring a camera  loaded with a fat SD card and how you should take your photos from xyz spot right as the sun is setting to get that perfect golden glow..."  Not to tell you to walk over Rainbow Bridge to the American side (and how I think the Canadian side is far superior to begin with) and poke your head over the rail at Bridal Veil to actually hear the roar of all that water...ad infinitum.  No. I'm writing this for all those people who have, like me, for whatever reason, not yet been to Niagara Falls, thinking that it probably isn't all it's cracked up to be.  Whatever your reasons for not seeing this place with your own eyes, forget them.  Come to Niagara Falls.  Come now.  If not now, soon.  Make your plans and get here. I thought I could spend my entire life enjoying the Falls well enough from my armchair, looking at glossy photos or watching videos on my big screen TV.  No, I'm not an armchair traveler; in fact, I'm an experienced world traveler.  I just thought there were far better places to see than the Falls.  Wrong.  Dead wrong.  It is simply beautiful, beguilingly beautiful.  In some ways outright bucolic and majestic at the same time, especially on the Canadian side.  So nice, so quiet in the evenings, so pleasant during the day.  Even the parklike setting down in town near Rainbow Bridge with all the fast food and whacky touristy museums, was very clean, fun and pleasant, not the poor sideshow I envisioned it would be like. Read the other reviews.  Then go see Niagara Falls.  Go now. P.S.  If you, like me, find the cost of airfare to the region offensive (like airfare is these days to just about anywhere), consider doing what I did:  from my home near Washington, DC, I took a bus to NYC, then grabbed Amtrak's Adirondack from NYC to Niagara Falls, ON, all for less than $125 total round trip (!).  Yes, for me (when I came in May, 2011), that was a savings of over $450 over the lowest airfare, which still wouldn't have gotten me into Niagara Falls proper.  And the Adirondack was quite a pleasant, albeit day-long, trip.  No delays, pleasant travel, pleasant travelers.  From the train station on the Canadian side you can grab a local town bus right downtown for a few bucks and be let out very close to your hotel.  Think outside of the box.
its goddamn cold here! then again if you go during winter of course it is. The falls are beautiful to look at. During the day you can see the violent force of nature. At night they shoot lights at it, changing it every so often. It gives the falls a different kind of look at night. The mist from the falls day or night still come up and screw up pictures. There are a ton of tourists regardless day or night, snapping pictures. Check out table rock and take pictures there. Please don't climb on top of the railing for obvious safety reasons. Be nice and take pictures for tourists as they don't have a 3rd arm.
The waterfalls are beautiful but what ruined my experience was the way my friends and I were treated by the workers in the tourist area. They were completely rude and this was not at just one establishment but multiple.  We were ignored at the sky wheel and treated with such disrespect at their souvenir shops as well. Their attitudes completely ruined my Niagara Falls experience and that was my first time there.  I really don't see myself going back there again, If I do it will probably be a quick stop to see the waterfalls and that's it.
Niagara Falls is an awesome spectacle at the border of the US and Canada.  Go when it is warm though.    It was freezing when I went! I got to see the Falls from the Canadian side (which most people say is the better side), where you can see all three falls: the American, Bridal Veil, and Horseshoe Falls.  Lots of mist was coming onto the sidewalk, so that it was hard to tell whether it was actually raining (it was slightly).   At dusk, they turned on various lights that illuminated the water, and frequently changed.  It was quite neat.       Parking was $18 off the Niagara Parkway, though if you park just up the hill a little, there is $5 parking.   Be sure to bring your passport and turn your phone off when crossing the border, so you don't get hit with huge cell phone plan international fees.
Loved everything except the critters at night! The falls were beautiful, we took a lot of pictures. The falls look amazing during the light show at night. You HAVE to go on Maid of the Mist (unless you don't want to get splashed, but they do give you a disposable raincoat!) This is a place everyone has to go at least once in their life. The young to the elderly - everyone will love Niagara Falls! Oh yea, and the Canadian side IS better.
Niagara Falls--for the sake of modesty--UFC me, PLEASE! I'm not often overcome by the feeling of complete awe. It's a spiritual experience when I do. Every single time that I have within recent years, however, has happened when I have felt one with nature. Niagara Falls was one of the first times I looked out at the immense beauty and perfection of nature and knew that there had to be a god. And I'm not a religious person. Not much can compete with its enormity while simultaneously invoking both joy and terror...it's utterly romantic and picturesque and amazing. The photos I have of this place don't even look real...they look like paintings. I also hear that the Canada side is superior to New York's. While I haven't been the the NY side, I'm quite certain that it's up with some stiff competition--even if it is with itself. All hail! Just go.
Totes face-palming at the touristy detractors.  In a word--Breathtaking.  In two words--awe inspiring.  In three words--bucket list item. In all seriousness Niagara Falls is a must see attraction that has a lot to offer for all kinds of people.  From locals, to regionals, to the tourists this area has tons to show.  The Falls themselves are just simply outstanding.  The area is kept very clean and there's something to do at all times. If you're coming from the US side, start at the boardwalk on the US falls and walk right up and get drenched (better on a hot day!) then take the bridge accross the border crossing so that you can see the Canadian falls straight on while straddling and International line border. Once on the Canadian side, budget accordingly and check out the different attractions.Depending on the pricing there's certain things that you only do once, but for others like walking behind the falls, that's fun to do multiple times.
AMAZING!!! Maid of the mist boat tour is a great experience, what a beautiful natural wonder.
OK, it was my first visit to Toronto and my Canadian colleague was all like, "you have to go to the Falls with me...you have got to see it." WTF, are we on a our honeymoon or what? I wanted to settle down with a couple Maker's Mark Manhattans in my hotel bar, but he would not let up. It was a bit of a drive and he was a really nice guy, so it was not that deadly. Then we arrived, I could hear the thundering of the water. I have only seen pictures of the US side of Niagara Falls so I thought I knew what I was in for: WRONG. Niagara Falls Ontario makes the US side look like God was just practicing--that or hung over and was not trying real hard. It was AMAZING! it was like a huge shoe horn of falls dropping hundreds of feet. It was truly awe inspiring and it beat the hell out of the Manhattans--well I just had those a bit later--and I really would have been disappointed if I had not gone to see the Falls. Darn Canadians top us again! GO and check it out if you have not--well worth the visit.
This is truly truly an AWESOME place. I've been lucky enough to visit 4 times and this was my first time on the American side which were equally spectacular. The falls are captivating, spectacular and have a magnetic attraction. Wish there was a 6 star option on Yelp.
The view of the falls are beautiful from the Canadian side. The park across the street is too. It's all good. But really not worth more than a half day's visit in my opinion. It's like... ok... I've seen the falls. Now what? The tacky tourist circus takes so much away IMO. If you really want to experience the natural wonder of Niagara Falls, head across the bridge to the American side and take it in from the state park. Also parking on the US side is significantly cheaper so if you are budget conscious, park across the bridge and walk to Canada. Look, take photos, then go back and relax at the parks or hike the gorge trails.
While the falls will not blow you mind away, they are impressive and it did make for a great family day. While some may not like all of the commercialism around the falls, we did also enjoy the fact that we could visit New York State, Casino's and restaurants while visiting the falls. As someone who has travelled to more than 30 countries around the world, I know that Niagara is not the most breathtaking view you'll ever see, but it sure is worth the trip from Toronto!
Forget the town; subtract the preschool affirmations of faith ('I knew there was a God when I saw Niagara') and what have you got? A bloody heap of water throwing itself over a cliff. And it's bloody sensational. There's solace in knowing that the water will still be churning long after the city has been reclaimed by nature. No casinos; no tacky souvenir stores and tourist traps; and no garish buildings. Just fury. And the roar. Magic. Do yourself a favour and forget about the New York side. Drive or walk over the Rainbow Bridge and get a gander at the real thing. You won't be disappointed.
This is the side with the best views of the falls. All that water is so majestic and I absolutely loved watching it. To think that this water has been flowing for more than a thousand years is amazing. I recommend walking the rainbow bridge that crosses the niagra river. The views from that bridge are awesome. The Canada side is also the carnie side of the falls. That's a downside. It starts with a long street of carnival fair style stores such as a wax museum and a hall of horrors. Skylon tower, giant Ferris wheel and a row of casinos make this side too commercial for a state park. I guess this makes this side more fun?
INCREDIBLE!!! Didn't see them but apparently they have FIREWORKS on Friday and Sunday nights. I fail to understand why there are none on Saturday night though. Wouldn't have mattered to us since we were there during the weekdays. Look on Google for the fireworks schedule. I could live here and I doubt it would ever get old. Love the fact that there's casinos here too. WOO HOO!!! It's worth the walk all the way over to the edge of the Horseshoe Falls where you can see the edge just a few meters in front of you.
Niagara Falls = Breathtaking, Grand, Amazing, etc... The focus is usually on the Falls and it's excellent on the Canadian side where you can see both the US and Canadian side equally well.  The pathway leaves more to be desired and wish there was more of a local welcoming touch to this path as it was desolate to the point of walking into a scary forest/park type of feel.   Maybe a Hot Cocoa booth would be nice or even a Pancake booth with Maple Syrup.  I took my friend down from the Fallsview Casino side and since I'm been around before, I got some warm drinks from Tim Hortons before the trip down knowing that not much exist when you arrive at the bottom.  Hot Cocoa + Winter Niagara Falls = Perfection.
Every time I come here I am truly humbled by how wonderful the world is. Absolutely breathtaking! During the day it's amazing to see the mist and the crashing of the water, but at night they have beautiful lights. Definitely amazing and serene. I hate when people say oh I have traveled the world and seen better waterfalls. Just because you have seen larger ones doesn't take anyway from how amazing these are. A must see!
Niagara Falls is a wonderful place that exceeded my expectations.  What I expected was more of a park-like atmosphere.  A place where you park your car, walk through a somewhat wooded area, snap a couple of pictures and leave.  Obviously, that is not the case at all.  What you have here is a money making enterprise that shows no signs of slowing down.  You can easily spend two days checking out the falls and the touristy strip on the Canadian side.  Plenty of restaurants, hotels (for all budgets), and things to do for kids and adults.  Niagara Falls is a must see if you are in the area.  I'm not so sure I would come here specifically, but since we were in Toronto we figured we would make a day-trip out of it.  It was very easy, as Toronto is less than 90 minutes away by car. Prices for the various attractions were pretty much on par with what I thought they would be.  For what you get to see and do, it's absolutely worth it.  The ride on the Maid of the Mist is worth the price alone, in my opinion. The actual falls are quite beautiful and much larger than I thought they would be.  The water looks clean and refreshing and the rate at which it flows is remarkable.  The parks commission could easily charge people an admission fee to simply have a look at this amazing natural wonder - it's that impressive.
It may be touristy, but it's one of those landmarks you simply have to see at some point in your life. My friends don't lie - the view really is better from Canada. Sure, you're right up on the falls on the American side, but you're not able to really see the entire expanse. Plus it's kind of fun to wave at your fellow Americans from another country. My fiance and I simply parked in the $20 pay lot because we didn't know how long we'd be, but there were plenty of other spots to park for less by the hour. I didn't like that the Canadian side was so built up while the American side is a huge park filled with trees, but at least the viewing areas were much nicer on the Canadian side. We also did the walk behind the falls which was the perfect way to get up close. It's a little cheaper than Maid of the Mist (either American or Canadian) and you can stay there as long as you want. You can even go directly behind the falls and wait for the wind to blow large amounts of water through the catacombs. Note: Do have your passports at the ready to come over here, non-Canadians. They'll ask all kinds of questions, including "Why are you coming here?" Say Niagara, expect the eye rolling, and you'll be on your way. The Rainbow Bridge is the closest, but it's $3.25. Supposedly all three bridges in the area cost money to enter Canada but this was the only one with a sign stating a price.
How do you review a body of water? It's not like you can turn around and say "five stars for customer service". Although I almost want to say that, because the stunning views and the collection of tacky tourist shops gave me one of the best day trip experiences of my life. Formed by a receding glacier, people of the world act like the falls exist for them and them alone. This narcissism is easily provoked  by the dramatic view that unfolds in front of your eyes. The romanticism of first catching a peek will take your breath away. I visisted the Canadian side which was garnished in glamourously tacky shops. Neon lights and flashing signs blazed out from every corner, and the amount of souvenirs to be found in the complex nearest to the Falls couldn't be missed. Of course we relished in the wonderful tourist orientated activities - we stepped aboard the Maid of the Mist, and disappeared under the Falls in a dug out cave. But nothing beats the Falls themselves. A natural wonder, it's quite a life altering moment breathing in their vapour, and basking in their beauty. It's glorious to find yourself caught under a sudden rainshower brought on by the rising water particles. On a sunny day, frequent rainbows cut through the mystical mist of the Falls  - a moment captured on camera the world over. Enjoyable for all the family, the horseshoe falls should be seen at least once in your lifetime. I mean, I wouldn't career down them in a barrel like some mad cats hastened to do, but I appreciate their beauty and am humbled by how in the world there can exist such a bewitching natural wonder like this.
Gorgeous! The views were amazing, regardless of what angle we were facing. I was here on vacation for a week and absolutely had to make it down here to see this wonder! It was absolutely beautiful, and the water just stretches out as far as the eye can see. They've built up this area quite a bit with lots of businesses surrounding it. I suggest going on an off-day if you can help it, perhaps a school day and EARLY in the morning before the crowds get too heavy. Everybody wants to get a glimpse of this beauty! =)
Unforgettable... Perhaps because I've never been .. Perhaps because we were on the Canadian side ... Perhaps because we were they as the sun set and got to see the falls at night under the lights ... And perhaps because of the lightening storm followed by a downpour of rain that left of drenched from head to toe! ... And then they still had the fireworks show!! SOOOOOoooooo FUN! Perhaps because I love any adventure!
I put my tourist blinders on and just observed the falls. Pretty amazing. The touristy schtick everywhere? Meh!
Beautiful and romantic! Visit with someone you're in love with. Oh, and bring a camera!
I wasn't sure what to expect - I thought it might be kind of cheesy and touristy, but it was pleasantly surprised. I stayed at the Embassy Suites, which provided a great view of the falls. I took the Railway to the Falls, which was helpful ($2.50 each way). I visited in May, which I thought would be warm, but turned out to be too cold. I was not able to do the Maid in the Mist, the jet boat tour or the walk behind the waterfalls, although each were running and available. Despite that, I definitely want to come back when it is warmer so that I could enjoy the activities more. Even hanging in the room and watching the falls, it was an enjoyable trip.
Just AMAZING and worth all of the hassle of renting a car to travel between Toronto and Niagara Falls.  It was about a 2~2.5 hour drive between the cities due to traffic, but I can understand why.  This is an experience that you should not miss.  I mean the ABSOLUTE power and energy of converging waterways is IMPRESSIVE.  I've always been a fan of waterfalls and I was not disappointed with my tour of Niagara Falls. It is a major tourist location, for obvious reasons, so when we went there it was crowded and there are long lines for the Maid of the Mist (which is also a great, but WET experience) and for the walk and journey behind the falls... Yet, as stated by other reviewers, the Canadian side is the best viewing point because you will be able to see the American falls and the Candian Horseshoe falls.   A word of caution - bring a change of clothing.  I wouldn't recommend wearing denim or anything that is difficult to dry and maybe think about layers.  You will get wet. We purchased the  Maid of the Mist, White Water Walk, Journey Behind the Falls, People Mover Bus, and Niagara's Fury Day Pass for $CAD 39.98, including tax and service fees.  We didn't do the White Water Walk or the Niagara's Fury movie, but it was still a good deal for the portions of the package that we did complete. Paid public parking is available along the main road for anywhere from $CAD 14-20
The Falls themselves get five stars, but the whole kitschy, tourist-trip town gets one star--two at best. Luckily, as the sole reason to visit Niagara Falls (the town) is to see the Falls, I'm giving this four stars overall. I believe Niagara Falls is a place that every American and Canadian should see--really. It's just a shame that there's not much else to do in the area. The Falls are quite beautiful. I spent hours looking at them and taking pictures. I wouldn't recommend staying in Niagara for more than a day or two though. Perhaps the best plan would be stopping by to see the Falls on a trip to, say, Toronto.
This is my all time favorite place ever in the whole wide world. You just can't beat the falls! There is something so incredible and even spiritual about them. They just draw you in with their strength and their beauty. If you haven't been--you should drop what you are doing and go right now! There are so many great things about the falls (and I'm talking Canadian side, people) not the least of which is that they are free. What could be better?!? There is a great walking path right along side of them, taking you down the Niagara river, past the American Falls and right up to the top of the Horseshoe Falls. You can literally look right over as the emerald green water plummets 170 feet down. It is gorgeous! There are also great parks and lots of beautiful flowers and foliage. And if you like a show, every Friday and Sunday evening at 10:00pm they have a free fireworks show and a live band, both of which exceeded my already high expectations. They are light the falls at night which give you another way to experience their power. There really is nothing better than a trip to Niagara. I highly recommend it!
I was in Niagara Falls for work so the only time I really had to go see them was very early in the morning. I got up at 5:30 and drove to the falls. Parking is in my opinion really expensive ($18), but since I was there before 8, it was free. The falls (Horsehoe Falls in particular) are pretty amazing. They truly are one of the wonders of the world. I wish that I had the time to do a maid of the mist tour or the "journey behind the falls" but they seem to be during normal hours only (9-5). The city of Niagara Falls might be fun to some, but I personally thought that it was like Times Square and Las Vegas having a baby and that baby puking all over everything. VERY touristy with all the requisite tourist traps (casinos, Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock, tacky souvenir shops with all with the same crap, chain restaurants).
Awe-inspiring. A literal force of nature. Great for families, couples, and couples making families. Take a full day and do the package tour (Maid of the Mist, Journey Behind the Falls, Aero Car, etc.). Find cheapish ($5-13) daily parking on the outskirts of Clifton Hill (kitschy tourist trap area), forget the car, and brace your walking shoes. You will get wet by mist along Niagara Parkway near the south falls (next to big welcome center); and bottom-drenched on the boat tour. Pack a waterproof camera.
I've been here a few times now and it's another spot I appreciate more and more. Although I've been here a few times, it has always been in the summer. This is my first time ever during the winter season. It's a totally different experience. Summer time is always crowded. Winter time is freezing and no one is in sight. It's so relaxing just looking at the water. Niagara Falls was just another landmark and tourist spot that I grew up dreading. What's so great about it? Then one day I realized how much I missed Canada. I grew up and it became something I appreciated. They're pretty decent shops, lots of walking, many places to eat and they even have a casino with awesome views!
Truly awesome. The ice, the clouds, the roar of the water, the cold... All that makes me want to visit it in the spring/summer when things aren't iced over. Great place to visit.
With blinders on to all of the glitz, chintz, gaudiness, and pure piles of crap that make up the Canadian side of the touristy Niagara Falls cesspool, the falls are beautiful.  Not in a traditional "Oh that's pretty" sense, but more of a powerful "whoooooosh".   There's a Ripley's.  A Guiness Book of World Records.  Rainforest Cafe.  Something called MarineLand (which wasn't open due to the season).  Hershey's Store.  Hard Rock Cafe.  Casinos.  A Hershey's store.  Etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. Skip all of that.  If you must do something touristy, I suggest that you do your best to do the Journey Behind the Falls when the weather is nice enough that all of the observation decks are open.  If you're on a budget, just walk up and down by the Falls from the Table Rock Welcome Center (you'll see where the Falls start to fall at Horseshoe Falls), all the way down to where Rainbow Bridge is.  Along the way, you'll get a flavor of both American Falls and Horseshoe Falls.  If you have more time, I'd actually suggest that you make the short drive along the river to the whirlpool area.  Skip the little tram that takes you above the river; instead - drive further around the bend and along the scenic look-out you'll see everything that you would have seen from the tram, but at minimal cost and effort.   If you drive to the Canadian side, be mindful that there are different parking lots at different rates.  The lot right by the river (Victoria Park) is 14 dollars for the day.  The lots by Skylon that are paved are about 7 per day.  The lots by Skylon that are gravel are 5 per day.  If you go off season, there's a very good chance that if you try to park before the nightly light show, parking at Victoria Park will be free.  I guess I should clarify that there won't be anyone there to take your money.  However, I'm not optimistic that during the on-season (summer), you'll be able to make use of free parking.  But when I went the first weekend in April, we were able to park by Skylon for the day for 7 dollars, go have dinner, and then park in Victoria Park for free. Pictures say a thousand words.  By no means was this the most lovely of trips I've ever taken (Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore takes that honor), it was still worth seeing the falls in their power.  I was pleasantly surprised that the nightly light show didn't make the falls look "cheap" or "whorish."  It actually looked alright.  See my pics.  Remember to not get sucked into the tourist trap.  (I would highly recommend staying at the Rex Motel on McLeod).
One more item checked off the bucket list.   Absolutely beautiful!   Make sure you go to the Canadian side the view is much better.
The Discovery Tour package is only worth it if you plan to do all of the attractions included... that being said, you should definitely get the Discovery Tour package and do all the attractions. My best tip I can give you is to do the Cave of the Winds first. Not only because it does get busy and long lines the quickest, but also because they will give you a free pair of waterproof sandals to wear on the attraction that you can then take with you and wear on the Maid of the Mist and Journey Behind The Falls (Journey isn't included in the Discovery package, but you should still do it) to avoid your own shoes that you'll be wearing all day getting soaked. And they WILL get soaked!! Try to secure a railing for Maid of the Mist for best picture options, but be ready to pull your camera inside your poncho once the mist comes raining down on you... again... or better yet, bring a waterproof camera! The Discovery Center is kind of boring unless you have children, you could skip it altogether but since it's part of your package deal might as well stop in and at least watch the 10 minute video... It's a nice chance to sit down and relax a bit. The aquarium is also included in your Discovery tour package and is worth a quick walk through... and it will be quick! The place is small!! Stop and wave to a sea lion and penguin and be on your way! The trolley is also included in your tour package, and is definitely worth it!! Take the trolley to avoid all the long walks. The International Food Court Welcome Center has the cheapest parking option - $10.00 all day. If you're just stopping by the Falls for the evening to see the illuminated falls and fireworks on the weekend, you can find free parking at sunset in most of the paid lots on Goat Island. The best view of the falls/fireworks is by far on the Canadian side. Photo ops are great from the bridge if you're walking across the border, and anywhere on the Canadian side. Take a quick stop in the little shops and take in the kitschy tourist trap that IS the Canadian side of the border... you'll have to walk right through it to get to the Sky Wheel, which is totally worth it!! Try to time your Sky Wheel visit to when the falls are illuminated or the fireworks are going off... not easy to do, since everyone else has the same idea... After you ride sky wheel, get the heck out of that tourist trap Hell! If you're looking for deals, definitely shop at Duty Free. They have great prices on maple syrup, maple sugar, maple candy, ice wine and other souvenirs. Canadian prices are ridiculously high and their taxes will kill you! Canada dollar to US dollar is basically 1:1 right now, so no need to get Canadian dollars as long as you're sticking around the border area. They'll take US dollars in Canada. The border agents are notoriously unfriendly, so don't expect a smile or even any semblance of a friendly word. If you're looking to eat at a restaurant with a view of the Falls, skip Top of the Falls on the American side, and do yourself a huge favor and visit the sister location on Canada's side called "Elevation at the Falls"... much better views and much better food!!
can't really say anything bad about niagara falls.... its quite historic, beautiful and fun. very touristy of course. cool that you can see another country just across the way. lots of souvenir shops, which might be the only annoying part. i went to niagara university so my friends and i went here a lot. i also live close by now so i don't see it as a tourist type place for me. great for many different restaurants. do the maid of mist and cave of the winds if you go. maid of the mist you take a boat to the bottom of the horse shoe falls and cave of the winds you take stairs down to the bottom and go behind part of the falls into the mist. of course this part is only open in the summer. seeing the falls during the winter is cool but you are limited to walking around and going up close. but then again you wouldn't really want to around too much cause of the freezing mist blowing around. of course you also have seneca niagara casino right down the road if you would like to do some gambling, see a show, or go to a fancy restaurant.
Crossing the border from NY to Ontario at 8pm is relatively easy. A quick walk through the turnstiles and across the bridge. Then a couple of questions at the border patrol station and you are there! The views of American Falls are breathtaking as they are lit up (Thanks Canada!) We could see Horseshoe falls from a far, but did not have the energy to walk further down to see it closer. Watch out for obnoxious tourists! Would definitely like to revisit during the day. I also recommend walking as the traffic going to Ontario did not look fun (and that is pretty much how it looked during the day.) Tip: Pay 50cent toll to leave Canada/get back into the US.
Enjoyed the falls and fireworks.  The town is touristy like Gatlinburg.  All the overprice gimmicky museums.
You see it in pictures and it looks neat. You see it in real life, and you're blown away. We loved strolling from the Horseshoe Falls to the Bridal Veil Falls and beyond on the pathway adjacent to the Falls. Since we were only there for the day, we decided to go all out and buy the package where you could go behind the falls, ride the Maid of the Mist, take the White Water Walk (which was closed, bummer) and ride the incline cars and the people mover for free for 2 days. It turned out to be a great deal. I was glad that we were on the Canadian side, as the view right next to the Horseshoe Falls was really breathtaking. The Clifton Hills area is like a mini Las Vegas. Guess it's good for something to do while you're in the area and it's probably a great distraction for kids.
While it's true that the view from the Canadian side is more panoramic and therefore better, there is one thing that is better on the American side: the HARD ROCK CAFE. In terms of food quality, service and ambiance, the cafe in New York towers over the one on the Canadian side. So if you are there around a mealtime, the U.S. Hard Rock is tops. Also, a little further into the city of Niagara Falls, NY, you will find the "Little Italy" of Pine Street, which has some good, authentic eateries that are NOT tourist traps (as every place on the Ontario side is). La Hacienda and DiCamillo's Bakery on Pine are especially popular. The Canadian side has more tourist attractions to accompany the Falls, but most are dreadfully tacky rip-offs. A few are worthwhile and those include: Bird Kingdom, Ripley's Believe-It-Or-Not, and Marineland.
For the longest time, I'd heard so much about Niagara Falls...how gorgeous it was, how beautiful, fun, breathtaking etc etc. So i was really excited to be in Toronto for work and figured I couldn't miss the opp to check out Niagara Falls, a mere 1.5 hours drive away from the city. When the van pulled up to Skylon Tower...and I looked out of the viewing area...I thought...well, that's nice....certainly quite scenic...but really...wasn't that moving or breathtaking or even amazing. I walked down to the promenade, hoping to capture a sense of awe...and walked away feeling a little...dampened. The Niagara area is really cheesy...filled with Casinos and campy stores and restaurants...it felt like Vegas but a cheaper version. And right across the street from the Falls was the Casino...there wasn't many dining options except in the casino itself (otherwise, you're stuck with fast food and extremely exp gross to-go options). I don't know...i was expecting more...and definitely did not get it from  Niagara. PS: The Canadian side is definitely more scenic than the American side (where both the falls are facing Canada)...i really can't imagine what they can see from the American side...half the Horseshoe and the backside of the American Falls? Weird
Meh. Yes I'm a waterfall snob.  I had the fortune to have visited Iguazu Falls in Brazil and Argentina, and it makes this place seem really lame in comparison. I guess ignorance is bliss.  If you ever want to see some really big stuff, head down to South America.  But I guess for the majority of American tourists, Niagara will seem really cool.
LOL, there are people who have rated Niagara Falls less than 5 stars!!!  Now what would impress these folks, I wonder? Anyway, I have been here more than a dozen times since I go to Toronto often and it still takes my breath away. It is an incredible sight in any season. My tip is go to late at night when parking is free and it is not crowded and you also get to see it with the lights on.
This is definitely a must-see location. The falls are amazing. It is very touristy, but that should be expected. There is a wide variety of restaurants and the nightlife is very active. We definitely recommend seeing the falls from the Canadian side and you can get a full view of them. The lights at night are worth seeing if you can stay after dark. Very enjoyable and I am glad I was able to make it.
This was the first place my mother visited when travelling through the US.  She came when she was 23 and repeatedly urged me to visit when I got the chance. Well, I'm 22 and finally visited this past year and the places is a natural beauty.  The US side is great for hikes and side pictures of the falls but the CA side is where its at.   It gives you a complete view of the falls and the lights change color at night during the winter which is beautiful to watch. Make sure you stop by the duty free store to pick up some cheap booze and infamous ice wine!
DONT FORGET YOUR PASSPORTS, the front of the falls is looking from the Candian side. Ok yeah - freaking amazing...HOWEVER if you ever decide (like we did) to visit in December...don't! This is definitely a summer type destination...the trees, grass, and everything had an inch of ice on it - walking was interesting to say the least, and the mist that is blowing constantly over the entire of Goat Island was sooo cold! And for the love, don't forget your passport because the best view is definitely from the Canadian side...and they do have a pressed penny machine in the US Goat Island gift shop if you collect those like I do. I mean even freezing my a-- off, it was such an amazing site and I can't wait to go back. We did end up going to the gift shops and basically it was all I (heart) NY stuff which I was so/so about...I love me some gift shops but with all of the wineries around I would have expected more wine type (and wine) stuff being sold. And if you ever get to Vetter Vinyards, try the Love Potion wine, it is like drinking chocolate covered strawberries...I should have gotten a case :) We will be back...(to Niagara and Vetter Vinyards lol)
zzzZZZZ Boring* *During early April when none of the related attractions/boats are operating and during the daytime when it's not lit. The falls are just a huge dump of water that lacks the grace and beauty of other waterfalls in the world.  The Ban Gioc-Detian falls on the China/Vietnam border is 100x better and even the waterfalls in Yosemite are more breathtaking. The town is so tacky with its Reno-like museums and shops. I seriously felt let down.
Wow.  What an amazing site to see! If you are into parks, natural wonders, or in the mood for some good touristy fun, this place is a must.  Though a natural landmark, there is not much nature outside of the falls.  It is a well developed area with all the tourist traps that one would expect (such as souvenirs, museums, shopping, and many places to eat).  This Canada side is my favorite because there seems to be more things to do. The falls are amazing.  It is hypnotic to just stand there up close and try to get a grasp on the insane amount of water spilling over the edge each second.  Just... hypnotic!  I heard the falls were lit up at night.  I imagined tacky strings of chaser lights bolted around the rocky bluffs surround the falls.  To my surprise, it was the mist around the falls that had a subtle glow of changing colors at night.  This was done from search beams of varying colors shining into the falls from afar.  Quite beautiful. It's one of those things that should be seen at least once.
Is that it? was my first impression for the Falls. After having heard so much about how grand, how amazing, how great, how wonderful Niagara Falls is, I have SOOOOOOOOO much expectation for this natural wonder. My expectation was not met. However, combining the Falls with other fun downtown activities, it was a great experience.
Niagara Falls is purty!  You can see the American and the Canadian falls at once.  The American looks rocky while the Canadian falls down majestically.  But they're both beautiful! You can see everything at once.  Across is a small botanical garden.  There's a tower looming overhead.  Plus, you can see the American-Canadian border stop. The busy downtown is right there!  If only I had a sugar daddy, I'd be visiting every shops and other places. There are snack shops everywhere!  Just hold your nose if you don't want to get tempted.   Just simply a gorgeous place!
Puts the OOOOOOOOOOOOOh in H2O. That said, some parts of town not so good, food offerings were slim pickens and pretty scary when we visited (in 04, we were Yelpless and helpless). Check reviews first, trust me you do not want your own digestive version of Niagara Falls because of a burger lightly dusted with e coli.
The falls are amazing, what more can be said, but food prices have gotten out of hand. As I mentioned previously American chains have taken over and are gouging the tourists IMO.  People walk into Applebees and Fridays and assume it will be priced the same. Nachos at Applesbees are $17. Most appetizers at Outback are at least $5 more than in the US and the steaks are way overpriced - $24+ for Outback!. A very small Pizza at Macaroni grill is $17. Fridays was also overpriced. Kids meals are around $10-12 at most places. On top of that there is are 2-3 taxes on all meals. TIP: make sure you grab one of the coupon books in the lobby of most hotels.  They have things like $10 off a second entry or a free gift.  The free gift was usually a good quality Niagara Sweatshirt.  (I was expecting a cheap key chain) The Keg really is the best "inexpensive" food option since you get decent quality food and a great view of the falls for a similar price. (BTW: the kids burgers were very good value and quality) As for parking, I think the "new" casino is the best option. It is between $5-$15 per entry (The price changes, so you will pay the price on the day you leave), so if you park for three days it is still only $15. Also if you get a player card and play more than $20 after 6AM on the day you are leaving parking is free. If you are going to be here for 2 or more days the adventured pass is a great deal. For $40 you get unlimited transportation for 2 days, the Maid of the Mist boat ride, Behind the Falls, The River walk, and Niagara's Fury (movie). Make sure they do not activate the transportation on the day you buy it unless you are going to use it that day. Several people had this happen to them and were trying to get it fixed. Transportation includes the people mover and the incline railway. The incline railway is a huge time saver if your hotel is near the New Casino.
This place is absolutely breathtaking! A must-see natural wonder of the world. I got a lot of friends asking me if I visited any of the touristy attractions while visiting horseshoe falls (like Maid of Mist), and I must say: YOU DON'T NEED TO DO ANYTHING ELSE but gaze at the natural beauty of this establishment. All I did was walk it and I was in complete awe. I am so glad I walked ALL THE WAY to the end (even though it gets pretty misty on the way) because I was in a TRANCE when I saw how close the falls were. It was almost as if I can touch it! (Please see my pic that I posted when I was right next to the falls because I did not zoom or edit the photos I posted.) The best park about it was that it didn't cost me any more than the $3 I paid to park 2 blocks away (it was a meter). If you are visiting Toronto and not sure if you want to take the hour long drive to see this, you will REGRET it if you don't do it. And yes, I did wake up EXTREMELY early to get here and enjoy it's beauty while the sun was shining.
Just a few thoughts.  First, seeing the falls is amazing and definite must see!  The Canadian side gives you the best view. We were there on July 1, so it was Canada Day...which made it even busier than usual, since there was a fireworks show over the falls scheduled for that night.  Even so, it just made it all the more interesting seeing all walks of life from all cultures there to see a wonder of the world.
What can ya say, it is amazing!!!  The Canadian side is better with the shops and the boardwalk.
BEAUTIFUL! Its worth all the trip no matter you are coming from! It's also beautiful at night when they turn on the lights! MashaAllah...
I love Niagara Falls.  So pretty, so misty.   If you go there please go and stay on the Canadian side, it is sooooo much better.  Better Hotels/activities for all ages.  They have a butterfly conservatory, botanical gardens, Clifton Hills (its like a mini-Vegas!!) better restaurants and A LOT of cutesy little tourist stores but not as crowded as you would expect.  You can walk around the entire area all day and not get tired OR bored even in summer when its like 95-100 degrees w/ humidity (just get comfy shoes).  The falls are so beautiful that it would suffice to just sit down and look at them all day.
Well this Canadian expat recently made a trip to Niagara Falls - the first one in at least 10 years. I liked it better when I was a kid.  Lots of cool stuff for kids if you have the money to spend.  Not so much for adults.   Many things were closed for the season.  Just a warning that lots of places close for the season in October. The shops right by the falls were pretty limited and there was so much vacant space inside the visitor buildings right by the falls. Restaurants in Niagara Falls are generally mediocre and expensive. People who own businesses in Niagara Falls should visit other tourist destinations to learn a thing or two.  Niagara Falls has a long way to go.
A must see - at least once in your life! Go with your partner and you will like it even better.
First off, I was pleasantly surprised because I was bracing myself for an uber-touristy nightmare, and I never found it offensive at all.  Granted, I did not venture into town--just drove to the falls, parked the car, saw the sights for four hours, and drove back to Toronto.  But it wasn't "Disneyfied" so to speak; everything was in service of showing people what there was to see.  Sure, there were cheap souvenirs and generic food options, but to me those are tolerable and expected. The falls themselves are obviously spectacular.  I was actually mildly disappointed because in my mind they were bigger.  Haha, just a silly misconception, I guess.  But how can you not be awed by the spectacle, and the sheer power and volume of water?  95 million gallons per minute at 40 miles per hour tumbles over the edge of Horseshoe Falls.  Incredible.  In Iceland last summer, I saw the largest waterfall in Europe, and as thrilling as it was, that is a kitchen faucet compared to Niagara. I saw some parking lots for $20 but I had to drive quite a ways past the falls, and where I ended up (just beyond the old power plant) was $14.  I got a large hot dog for $6.50 from a stand outside the visitor center.  A treat from Yogen Fruz inside was $3-something.  The prices did not seem that inflated. And "Journey Behind the Falls" was WELL worth the $13.13.  I never would have done Maid of the Mist, but when I heard about this attraction, it sounded right up my alley--take an elevator down to a tunnel, where you can access an observation platform just below and to the side of the corner of Horseshoe Falls, as well as two viewing portals directly BEHIND the falls.  You have to buy a timed ticket (unless you purchased the all-inclusive Adventure Pass) and you will probably wait in a long line before you actually get into an elevator.  But it is SO worth it.  It is absolutely exhilarating to be that close to the actual falls.  On the observation platform, you are about ten meters from the corner of the falls:  the water is coming down almost right above your head.  The roar is thunderous, and the spray (more like heavy rain than mist) is intense; they give you cheap yellow ponchos but you will get soaked regardless.   But it's all worth it.  For me, the whole trip became worthwhile in that moment--the $14 parking, the $13 ticket, the few tanks of gas from Chicago, the hotel room, the long drive, the construction traffic--all of it.  It's a truly thrilling, unique experience.  If you go to Niagara, do not miss this attraction.
I really enjoyed my visit here to Niagara Falls! But like some of the world famous landmarks that you see lots of pictures of they make it look bigger than it actually is. This was one of them, The White house in DC is another. Still the falls are unique onto themselves and should not be missed! You can walk along the walk and see the raging river just before it plunges down the falls. Kind of dangerous actually! There is no barrier but a small stone wall. So if someone makes a poor judgement ( or wants to off themselves)and wants to go swimming... well the end result would turn out very bad. Very swift moving water! The Canadian side of The Falls is way more happening than on the US side. There is lots to do in addition to the Falls themselves. There are amusement rides, boat rides that go right up to The Falls. Plenty to do! The US side is really BORING compared to the Canadian side so be prepared to border jump. Not only is there more to do on the Canadian side but the best views of The Falls is on the Canadian side. You are behind them or to the back of them on the US side.
Unstinking believable.  It really is a sight to see.  Especially after seeing the town of Niagara Falls which reminds me of Shreveport, LA. . .not too pretty.  But the moment you see the falls and go down the hill to get a closer look, everything changes.  It is quite amazing.  We went yesterday and the lake is frozen, the trees are covered in icicles from the frozen spray from the falls and it is a sight to behold.  The kids loved scooting on the frozen ground and picking up huge chunks of ice.  I am really glad to have the chance to see it.
I saw many waterfalls but the Niagara one is absolutely huge, more powerful and very fascinating! The plunging huge mass of water is causing a strong air mixed with fine rain which is pushing you back if you try to look down. It's foggy and you have to wear a macintosh otherwise you and your cam will get wet^^
A definite must see if you are close (Buffalo area or Toronto) it is a day trip for sure. You might want to spend the night or at least stay late to see the falls light up and see the fireworks on various nights of the week.  Check the schedule. We did the Maid of the Mist and it was worth it, giving you a different perspective down in the water.  You also get access to the tower look out. Great photo ops here. Also a must do is to walk over the Rainbow Bridge into Canada (Bring your passports) you get a nice view from the bridge and even better one from the other side if you walk down toward the Horseshoe Falls where you can see both falls at the same time. When we were there in August the crowds were huge on the Canadian side and even walking down the sidewalk along the water was kind of a pain so we got out of there after getting the pictures we wanted and seeing the falls from that side. There are a lot of touristy stuff and kids attractions on this side as well....all of that was not needed for us so we hightailed it back to the US side to get away from all the tourists.  Things are quiet on the US side for sure not much night life going on but there are a few bars and restaurants open and you always have the park before dark to hang out in.  We planned on staying the night so we could see the fireworks and didn't have to head out till the next morning. Things certainly get crowded on the overlook for firework time so get there early if you want a prime spot.  The show goes on for a decent amount of time and is certainly worth hanging around for.  This is certainly one of the wonders of the world and its amazing how much water flow and falls down these falls every minute. For sure you have to go see this amazing site!
