They say, if you go to Niagara Falls, you must do the Maid of the Mist boat ride. It'll change your life! It was one of those things that kind of was pretty epic. To be close enough to be in the roaring gallows of Niagara Falls (horseshoe falls) for about 10 minutes with the wind and mist kick up - reminds me that life is too short and you should absolutely come to do this, if you ever want to visit Niagara Falls. Maid of the Mist boat tours have operated for a long time,  given tourists and visitors an epic voyage that just sticks with you for the rest of your life. I am glad that I did buy my ticket online and not having to wait in long lines at the ticket counters. It's definitely worth the trip and is inexpensive, when you consider the impact it will have on your life. It's truly one of the most thrilling experiences in life you need to do, minus bungee jumping, sky diving, etc. Maid of the Mist boat tours is located on the USA side of Niagara Falls. Pretty much right before you hit the US/Canadian border, there is a parking lot that is administered by the Niagara State Parks (US Park Service). There is a charge of parking to enter, but they accept major credit cards. How could you not accept them, especially with the daily tourist flow? The Maid of the Mist boat tour itself cost $17, which isn't too bad, if you were planning on seeing Niagara Falls anyway. The Canadian side of the falls is has better views than that of the American side, but once you get on that boat, you get an amazing view on the water and you could see how large massive the American and horseshoe falls can be. We were blue rain ponchos, which had the maid of the mist logo on it. You can keep it as a souvenir, but I decided to recycle it for the next person who was eager and ready to go. The ponchos were necessary, since the mist from the falls were almost like being in a hurricane. To me it did. The wind was howling, along with the water thrashing from the top of the falls to the River below. It did truly felt like I was either in a torrential rain storm or a hurricane. Thankfully that I was on the lower deck when the rain and wind started to kick up. We floated there for about 10 minutes, which was amazing. The entire trip on the water took about 30 minutes, but the experience was invaluable for sure. Maid of the Mist is definitely one to do, if you are going to be in Niagara Falls anyway. There is also the Hornblower cruises, but they operate on the Canadian side of Niagara Falls. That's okay. Support the USA! Best bet is to buy your tickets online to avoid the long lines. The views is spectacular and you will not regret it. The staff here is friendly and very much look forward to seeing you. I think it delights them when you have a fantastic time. I know I did and hope you will too. :) Support local! A++
A must-do activity when visiting Niagara Falls from the U.S. side! This is pretty much the only way to get up close and personal with the waterfalls from the bottom level. Just be prepared to get very wet. They give you a plastic poncho, but maybe wear waterproof clothing, boots and googles, too. Be prepared to protect your personal items, maybe in a zip lock bag. I saw one girl with a special waterproof case for her iPhone. As you would expect, the view is absolutely amazing and it's not just about the view, it's the experience, as you get immersed in the massive amount of mist from the water falls. Most impressive is getting into the middle of the Horseshoe Falls, as you will be surrounded by waterfalls and mist everywhere you turn. If you got one of those waterproof cameras, this is the time to use it. You'll notice rainbows popping up everywhere on a sunny day. It is absolutely breathtaking. And be sure to take it all in and enjoy it.
After Cave of the Winds, this is the other must-do attraction in Niagara Falls. $17/person seemed a little steep for a boat ride that only lasts 20 minutes tops, but I think now it was totally worth it and if I ever go back, I'd go on Maid of the Mist again. You'll get a poncho - put it on and tie the hood tight. You will get wet. You will literally be in the mist of the Falls. I think the front of the boat (top deck, obviously), got the most wet. I was in the back on the top deck, and while i was never getting soaked, I did get pretty wet. We didn't bring our super nice camera with us for fear of ruining it, but our phones did the job nicely. We just hurriedly put them away when we got into the thickest part of the mist. We visited in the middle of the week, so there wasn't a line, but from what I understand there often is. We did always see a line on the Canada side for their boat tour though. Plus, included with your ticket to Maid of the Mist is the ability to visit the Falls observation deck. We stayed up there for a bit after we got off the boat. Quick tip: when you get off the boat and head right, don't take off your poncho right away. Head all the way right and it will lead to stairs which take you up the side of the Falls. There's a great landing to stop for a photo. If you don't do Cave of the Winds, this little platform will allow you to be in the Falls just a little bit (it's mostly mist that will be getting you wet), but it's still a pretty cool experience. Many people bought Discovery passes, which includes Maid of the Mist and Cave of the Winds, but to me, the pass wasn't worth it as these were the only two attractions we thought were worth visiting. I could see buying the pass if you want to use the trolley to get around, but we walked all around the Falls and onto Goat Island. Do take a tide on the Maid of the Mist. You won't regret it.
My boyfriend and I visited Niagara Falls a few weeks ago and made a point of visiting Maid of the Mist, one of the iconic Niagara Falls attractions.  This boat ride has been operating for decades and attracts hordes of people daily.   The view of the Falls (both the Horseshoe Falls and Bridal Veil Falls) was incredible.  We got up very close and got very wet from the mist (true to the name of the boat).  They do give you those iconic blue rain gear plastic coats, but you will still get wet.  Be careful for phones and other electronics!  I recently got a new smartphone and didn't dare take my phone out there.  We used my bf's old iPhone instead to take pics.  I saw people out there using their tablets to take pics while on the boat.  I worried for them. The boat ride is about 20 minutes and the boat is CROWDED!  Everyone tries to get to the edge and side where you can best take pics.  I felt like a sardine on the boat. My major qualm with this experience is the inefficiency of getting people down to the boat and then out.  You have to wait in a ridiculous line to take the elevator down (they have only 3) and then a ridiculous line to get back up.  The problem is that we stood for an hour after we had our boat experience, our clothes soaked completely, just waiting to ride the elevator to leave. It was a very uncomfortable experience and I wish they would improve this for guests.  I would recommend visiting Maid of the Mist earlier in the day to avoid some of the crowd.  We left at around 1pm and still had a long wait.  We glanced at the line and it was even longer.  So ridiculous.
If you're staying on the Canada side of the falls, you may want to book your tour through Hornblower.  Otherwise, you will have to cross to the US side, pay a toll, and possibly pay an exhorbitant fee for parking ($30 in our case). Details aside, Maid of the Mist was a fun experience that was reasonably priced.  We arrived probably during peak time, sometime between 11:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. on a Saturday.  The free parking lot was full and the lines were long, but the lines moved quickly. The put a LOT of people on each ride.  Basically, they fill the boat to capacity.  If you want to take pictures or get the most of your ride, don't be afraid to throw a few elbows and shove people aside.  Just say "excuse me," and you can pretty much do what you want - at least, that's what I told myself.  There are many inconsiderate jerks on the boat who won't move even after an "excuse me" followed by a gentle push.  If you can't handle the crowd, I suggest getting there really early or really late. You will get wet, but if you wear the poncho, you shouldn't get totally soaked.  The shorter you are, the longer the poncho, the less wet you will get. If you're taking pictures, your camera should be fine.  I brought our point and shoot digital camera and had no problems keeping it dry and taking photos.  I held the camera under the poncho while I wasn't using it.  The boat does get really close to the falls.  When I got that "pouring rain" feeling, I did not take my camera out.  It's not like you're going into a pool, it's more like standing there through a heavy rain.  Your camera will survive.  And don't forget to just enjoy the ride, OK? Oh, and that poncho?  Don't be a dork and put the thing on while you are still waiting in line.  If it's a sunny, 80 degree day, how do you think you will feel the second you put a layer of plastic on yourself?  I waited until the boat started moving to put my poncho on. Ladies - don't do your hair or make-up before the ride.  Because...duh. Ladies & Gents - if you wear glasses or contacts, I strongly recommend you wear contacts.  I had sunglasses on, and during some parts of the ride I couldn't see since I was so wet. I loved Maid of the Mist, but I didn't love that they cram as many people onto each boat ride as possible.
Absolutely spectacular views and a must see when in the Buffalo area. Totally worth  the $17 to take the boat trip right up to the edge of Niagara Falls and feel it's awesome power. Even though the boat ride was realtively short as it's about 30 minutes from leaving the dock to riding right up to the falls and back you will be blown away. Boats run non-stop so there is not a long wait. Take plenty of pictures but hold on to that cell phone or camera. You will get wet even with the plastic poncho they hand you. Especially on a windy day as we had. A small sacrifice to Mother Nature.
I have no idea why I never reviewed this tour!!! I had an awesome trip up to Toronto a little over a year ago, and this tour was one of the best moments of our adventure in the area! I happened to be browsing through reviews, and I came across a Maid of the Mist write up. Then it hit me that I never wrote a review for this!! Crazy!!! I just want to tell you that if you visit the Falls, this is a must! If you are visiting the Toronto area, there are plenty of tours that will bus you down to the Falls and back...just block out full day for your trip. When you board the boat, they issue ponchos to everyone. You will get soaked either way...poncho or no poncho...but if you have the poncho you get a nice souvenir to take home with you. The trip is spectacular. They take you so close to the falls. The views that you get from the falls are unbeatable. I posted a couple of pics, so be sure to check them out. Awesome stuff! I highly recommend taking the tour! You won't regret it at all! Just be sure when you take your pics...be careful not to get your phone/camera wet!!!
Fantastic boat tour if you are visiting Niagara and don't want to go to the Canadian side. I recommend going on the front right of the top deck to get closest to the action. Only downside is you are paying about a $1 per minute of boat ride, but it is still great to see.
Absolutely breathtaking. I come up to Buffalo/Niagara 4-5 times a year and have never done this tour. This weekend, I brought my son up and we decided to give it a try. Seeing the falls from the boat versus seeing them from land is drastically different. I can't express how much you need to try this, absolutely amazing. The company has this down to a science. We did not wait in line (busy season), the price is reasonable, and we were in and out in less than 2.5 hours. You get wet! Like really wet! So I would bring spare clothes. Bring a camera as well, fantastic shots until your camera is soaked!
Wow wow wow. I've said many times that my home state is the prettiest place I've ever been but man am I questioning that now. This boat ride was fantastic!! The staff was all very nice. The boat also has prerecord statements on the falls but I don't think many people listened. Being almost in the middle of the falls looking up at the water is just incredible. The boat ride only lasts about 15 min or so but it goes by so fast. I feel like I could spend hours on it and still not be tiered of being pelted with water from the falls. I really wish this could be a longer review but I just feel anything I have to say won't do it Justice. If you have the chance to do this please do. It's worth it 10x over.
I love this boat trip! Firstly,  the staff was enthusiastic and seemed so happy to be there!  Everyone was saying "enjoy your trip!" even though I'm sure they have to say it 100 times/day. As you get on the boat you get a poncho with the "maid of the mist" decal on it. We put our on and we didn't have to wait long before you take off.   The poncho is given to you for a reason! First you cruise by the American Falls and the mist will get you soaked!  You have to be careful if you don't have a waterproof camera! Next you get to ride directly into the horseshoe falls!  It's so wet and misty I couldn't see my girlfriend in front of me! All in all,  it's a little pricey (17$ for adults) but I would definitely go again!
Still something everyone should do at least once in their life. Great view of the falls, and the wind&mist coming off the falls is awesome. If you end up in Buffalo or Niagara Falls for anything, give it a shot.
Amazing! Super fun! Got completely soaked so tight your poncho and hood very tight. A little expensive but completely worth it. A must do if you visit Niagara falls.
If you are on the US side of the Niagara Falls, you have to go on Maid of the Mist. It is the only attraction on the US side that takes you through the waterways up to the falls itself. If you buy it online there are deals for $15-$17. The boat leaves about every 15-20 minutes and there are two floors to choose from. If you want to get soaked, you go on the top floor where most people are on the sides trying to grab a good picture of the falls. If you want to keep from getting drenched, stay on the lower floor where water only really gets to you when the boat is turning. The view is breathtaking and the boat goes right into the center of the falls. On a windy day, be careful on the top deck because the boat rocks. You will hear the cheers from the crowd as we get closer and closer to the falls. FYI: There is also a boat that leaves from the Canadien coast that takes the same route as the Maid of the Mist. The Canadien boat ticket costs $20 and the boat is a tad bit bigger. I would save the $3-$5 and go to the one of the US side.
I loved this so much we had such a great time.  We went during the holiday season and it actually was not a bad crowd. The line moved very quickly and we were  watching the falls in no time :-) tomorrow we will be back to watch it from the Canadian side. Can't wait!
This was completely exhilarating and worth every penny of the $17 I spent to take the tour. Highly recommend. I see a lot of the other reviewers mentioning the wait, but we must've just lucked out on the timing. We went on a Wednesday two days prior to Fourth of July, mid-day, and didn't have to wait at all. We were easily able to snag the "king of the world" position on the boat. The reviewer who suggests the waterproof camera makes a good point, but our digital point-and-shoot survived the voyage with no damage.
DON'T WAIT.  I am a few years past 29 now.... went for the first time this past Sunday.  We got on the 10:30 am boat, and my tip to you is to hit this early.  The group for the 11 boat was much larger- first ride is at 10 am. Very safe feeling, and you really do get right up into it. I planned ahead and brought a waterproof digital, and was amazed at the dupes with SLRs and Ipads. There is alot of spray, but Maid Of The Spray has no sex appeal.  But I digress. The Boy and I parked in the 2 hour parking in front of "the turtle" building, Main St. off Buffalo Ave, and walked across the park.  It was about 25 for both of us, and it's really something everyone should do, especially if you live in Buffalo!
Awesome tour. Wonderful bus tour with Randy. So much good info about Niagara Falls. Bout trip was spectacular. Highlight of our trip.
Oh another 5 minutes would be perfect! So this is your basic tourist boat trip that can obviously handle giant crowds with big lines and lots of workers. We went on a slower day so there was no lines and the workers were on their phones. The ride itself is great. If you get a good spot up front you can really get some wind and mist. Which is what we did. My wife had never been and she enjoyed it a lot. Unfortunately for $18 a piece the ride could be another 5 minutes longer especially on a slow day. If that's the worst thing about this place, then it's not so bad at all. Id come back for sure.
Amazing view.. I am totally amazed by the beauty.. Specially the night illuminations and heart taking.. Don't miss that.. I can take this tour again and again .. Totally loved it and is worth going.. The only bad is that the tour timings are just for 10 mins which seems to be too less... Otherwise worth spending 17$.
Great way to see the falls. Felt it was a bargain for under $20. Over b4 you realize it, it was fun to get wet and up close (pretty close btw) to the falls. We had a great time. You can`t really hear the pre-recorded narration but hey theres wikipedia if I need facts and I was there to experience.HIGHLY recommended everyone does once. You can go about the national park for free (after parking fees) and see the falls slightly distant but not `feel` them. The town of NF seems to be another WNY s-hole. The MOM was pretty enjoyable.The boats while not the prettiest seem to do their job and the staff seemed haggard but I don`t need to interact w/them.
My husband and I went during the week around 6pm and had no wait. I don't mind paying the $17/ each but I do wish we had spent a few more minutes close to the falls. By the time I took a couple pictures we were turned around and heading back. The ponchos they give you are a little flimsy but they are large and covered my big purse and me easily. I wore shorts and flip flops, so I had no issues with getting too wet. We stood toward the front on the lower deck and had a great view and were really close to the spray from the falls. This is super touristy, but I think you have to do it if in the area. It's totally different and worth it to see these amazing falls (and feel the wind and spray), from this viewpoint.
The most awesome experience ever.  I never thought I would get to go and it was such a great idea.  This was the planned part of our honeymoon and all the rest just fell into place.  The boat ride was great and it gets you right up to the waterfall that you get soaked.  I didn't though.  I kinda stayed my distance and kept switching sides depending on which way the boat went.  It was so fun though.  They give you a blue souvenir rain coat to try to shield some of the water.  On your boat ride you can see the Canadian side and them doing their boat tour thing.  It was pretty neat and makes really great pictures.  All the staff was really nice and the price was actually reasonable.  You can check out other stuff as well while you are there.
I took my 5 year old and she had an amazing time. I would say get there sooner than later in the day because the line does get quite long. It is a amazing sight to see! And you get to feel the falls splashing you and the wind it creates when the water comes over. You get a free poncho so no worries about getting you clothes wet. They have you exit thru a gift shop so bring a little spending money too. The price is a little high but is you have a child 5 and under theu get in for free.
This is a must do when you are in the park.   You get close enough to see the beauty of the falls.   I have lived in NY for 50 yrs and this is the first time I actually saw the falls in person, and close up .  It was a great trip!1
It's Nature's Waterpark! Beauty plus the adventure of getting soaked by heavy mist from the Falls! So fun and worth the $17!!!!! Tips: wear water-friendly shoes and short pants. You WILL get wet. They provide ponchos, but of you're tall, your pant legs will be soaked by the end of trip. Cleavage beware. Amazing views of the Falls that you can't get elsewhere.
We loved our experience with this boat tour! And Niagara Falls is amazing!  We went there in the middle of May so it was a little cold, but it didn't matter because we were stunned by the beauty of the nature. The tour is very nice and quick to get the tickets. I recommend this tour to everyone. And we might go back in summer too:)
This is an amazing must take tour..just that it lasts for only 10 mins.. but otherwise the amazing view is totally heart taking... they take you nearby to the horseshoe falls and american falls which gives a mesmerising natural view..worth spending 16$.
OMG I loved this! I took a family trip to Canada and we passed through Niagara Falls so of course we had to go on the Maid of the Mist boat ride. I thought it was amazing! The weather wasnt perfect when we came, it was a little cooler than I would have liked but it was great nonetheless. The tour costs about $19/per person. You get a Maid of the Mist poncho and are boarded right away. (we didnt have a wait because we got there when the previous tour had ended.. totally by chance). The tour takes you right up to the falls... you will get misted!!!! It was so awesome to be close to the falls like that! Its a relatively short tour (maybe 30 mins total or so) but its so exciting. Would do it again in a heartbeat.
American side is a little cheaper than the Canadian but not by much. I took the tour on the Canadian Side & it was well worth the $19.75!! Wear the poncho u will get wet , take lots of pics but be sure to keep an eye out  to hide ur cams & phones. The closer u get , the wetter u get sooo nice u get up close & personal it's just amazing !!! The Canadian side in my opinion has better view of the falls & u get to check out both sides. This was a fun experience it's definitely not one to be missed.
This is the only thing worthwhile we did in Niagara Falls. It's pricey, but everything here is, and none of it gets you anything. You'll get wet -- at one point I was even a little freaked out by how close we were getting to the falls. You can't come to Niagara and not do this. Skip everything else. In fact, just come for this, walk around a little and then leave. Your pocket book will thank me.
The boat tour was very short in duration, but well worth the 17 dollars it cost. It provided you with a great view of the waterfalls. It is an experience that I would recommend to anybody. Without the boat tour the waterfalls would be very boring to me.
You can't come to the Falls and not get on the Maid of the Mist. It is the highlight of the whole trip. We went on a holiday weekend and it took us about 1 and 1/2 hours to get on the boat but the line was moving pretty quickly. The view of the falls is just breathtaking and the rainbows are just awesome. We will definitely return!
very cool. was a pleasant surprise that the boat takes u to see the canadian side of the falls as well. prepare to get soaked! .....at least i did.
I arranged the day with a tour company.  The boarding was intimidating since there were hoards of people getting onto the boat.  Security and staff do not want passengers waiting on the pier.  You cannot wait on the next group to board. You can get onto the lower or upper deck.  The most fun is getting wet if it is hot like today was.  If you do not want to get wet, then put the poncho on and tie it down between your legs or to the side. Just to let you know, the nasty looking foam on the water is the sediment that has precipitated from the water.   If you can get close to a rail, you will have a better unobstructed shot for taking some good pictures.  An iPad is great because there are apps that allow you to remove people from the foreground.  I also used an app called DMD that allows you to stitch a panoramic shot pretty easily. The rush of water comes from entering the Canadian segment of the falls.  The feeling is exhilarating.  If it is a cold day, I'm sure it would be pretty miserable. Anyways, this is a pretty fun excursion and a must try.  It's even worthy of a "bucket list". Highly recommend.
Great place to visit whether you're from the area or not. I like taking friends from put of town here and I never get tired of it! Make sure you have a water proof camera to get some amazing pictures.   Seeing a wonder of the world that's in America up close and personal is an experience of a lifetime!!
Stopped in Niagara on our way home from Toronto and Maid of the Mist was a must. We arrived soon after they opened on a Sunday (9:15AM) and we were basically able to walk right on, our boat wasn't packed either. Later in the morning when we walked by the line was very long so definitely get there early. It was a fun tour and I thought $15/person really was not too bad for something so touristy and it includes the souvenir poncho which we took home with us. We got some great pictures and had fun. Great thing to do at the Falls!
$14.50 is all it'll cost you for an experience of a lifetime! The only other way you will get closer to Niagara Falls, is by swimming or jumping off the ledge. Once you purchase your tickets, you grab your complimentary RECYCLED;) blue ponchos and await your turn to feel the powerful mists of the breathtaking falls. Warning: YOU WILL GET WET! The ride to the falls is a short one and you can't really see the largest of the two major falls (Horseshoe & American) as you pass by because you are too busy getting blasted in the face with water! However, if you have kids, or if you sometimes act like one, you will absolutely LOVE it! Note: My iPhone took some surprisingly clear pictures through the poncho! Other than the water ride, the best part about the falls is being able to see them illuminated at night from the Canadian side. Every color of the rainbow shines on the falls for several hours until midnight. Definitely try to make it out here at night for amazing pictures. Abby A. loves Niagara Falls!
This review is for the Canadian side! Without the blue poncho, you would be soaked to the bone. The mist lasts for just a few moments before it becomes a torrential downpour. At one point, I could barely open my eyes, and I had to hold my breath from inhaling the magnificent Niagara. It lasts for just a moment, but it's worth it. Maid of the Mist Boat Tour - this is how you truly experience the falls.
A must do in Niagara Falls! It doesn't matter if you catch this tour from the American side or the Canadian side, it leads to the same place. The American side includes access to the Observation Tower, which gives the best view of all three falls. It also includes access to the gorge which puts you side by side with the American falls. The boat journey itself is about 10 minutes long. We went in early Oct. It was overcast high 50's but to my surprise, even though we got misty wet, we didn't feel cold. And yes, you do get wet! As in everything, including your camera. I used my waterproof camera for this journey, it definitely came in handy!
I took the Maid of the Mist on the Toronto side. We paid 19.75 each and it was definitely worth it.  Lil ignorant Ol me prior to taking this tor thought that the falls I was seing from my room was the Niagara Falls, but it was the American falls.  When we finally reached Niagara Falls and the man on the speaker says "Ladies and gentlemen this is Niagara Falls" a feeling so great came upon everyone.  We were all clapping and getting wet.  This is something everyone must experience. Tip:Make sure you are towards the front of the line so you can be on the second floor .  You will get a better view.  Also you will be closer to the falls if you get on the right side of the boat when you board.
Only $13.50 for looking like a giant blue smurf while you look at one of the world's natural wonders?? Yes, Please! Maid of the Mist is a must if you go to Niagara Falls. There are tons of tours everywhere (this city is basically one giant tourist trap) but you won't find a cheaper tour option that takes you literally up to the edge of the falls. And they even let you borrow a poncho, a bright blue one, so you don't have to worry about bringing your own! But this poncho will not really protect your camera if you have it out, so once you get close enough to the falls, beware for your electronics! And sadly the poncho is so blue you can't take a photo through it very well either (ha ha yes, that does mean that I tried ha ha) You take a fake picture in front of the falls first before you get all wet, and beware for your shoes too. My brother's tennis shoes were absolutely SOAKED after the mist attacked us on the boat, so I would say wear sandals only!! And then you experience one of the most memorably $13 rides of your life. It is amazing to feel how hard the boat has to work in order to sit stationary so close to the falls. Just amazing. And after we were done, my brother and I wanted to go again. Too bad it is cheap, but not that cheap ha ha
I've been to Niagara Falls a number of times but have never done Maid of the Mist...  we decided to go finally this time around.  Glad we did... it really is a "must do" Typically your best view of the falls is from the Canadian side, but if you take the Maid, you'll get a better view than anyone standing on either side would have.  (So if you're not crossing the border, you HAVE to do it!). The boat ride itself leaves every 15 minutes or so... You are provided a recyclable rain poncho (basically a trash bag)... put that on and board the boat.  The boat when we went was probably at capacity, but it didn't feel crowded. They take you by the US falls, then eventually you reach the Canadian.  You really can't appreciate how tall Niagara Falls are from the top--when you're at the bottom of them though you really realize how magnificent they are.  You do get a bit wet, but I had my camera out pretty much the entire time snapping photos. They built the new cantilevered observation deck a year or two ago.  That to me wasn't all that exciting of a view, barely better than just standing on the edge.  But I think when they did that they allowed for an easy Americanized elevator ride up and down (it was previously stairs--remember those Thompson's water seal commercials about they protect the stairs at Niagara Falls...? :]). We went in high season and the hardest part was figuring out which damn parking lot to use.  Getting tickets and boarding the boat was no fuss, no wait (we did have to wait 5 or 10 minutes in line to get an elevator back up to the top after everyone gets off at the same time) The plastic ponchos are a complete disgrace to the environment, but there are plenty of recycling bins provided for them on your way out. $13.50/adult... that covers your boat ride as well as access to the cantilevered observation deck.  Well worth it at least once.
The view is great.  When you broad on the boat, be sure to take the side that's facing the dock.  It will have a closer to the Canada Niagara Fall. I did this boat trip years ago, I remembered that it would get quite closer to the Fall and got totally wet even with the raincoat .  This time it didn't feel that it got as close, so it was ok. After experienced the overprice CN tower, this boat tour was a steal!
This was completely worth the $15.50 I paid!  My daughter was free so that was totally worth the price too.  It isn't a long trip but it takes you closer than you could imagine to the Falls.  Great photo opps abound and if you don't mind a little wet hair then I suggest taking a ride.  Everyone does get a rain coat that you can either recycle or take home with you.  It is truly a epic sight. Try to go early as boats are pretty much first come, first serve and you will have to compete with a lot of tour groups.  More than once my daughter and I had to make a dash for it to get ahead of yet another one so that we didn't have to be behind them in line.  Once you do get onto a boat, though, it isn't too crowded.
Like everyone said, this really is a great way to see the falls up front and up close! I was on the NY side running up and down the park trying to get the best pictures of the falls but the best ones I got were when I was on the observatory deck and down on the boat. We came around 6 pm and there weren't much of a line. We were handed our blue poncho and then off we went! A tip to avid photographers, I was afraid to take out my DSLR throughout the entire boat ride because I read that it was going to get ridiculously wet, but you know what? Not really. I was on the top deck and there were spots that you could potentially avoid getting wet and still snatch good pictures. Just make sure you shield your camera when you're not using it. This would have been a five star tour if they extended it a bit longer and have a tour guide add a bit of history about the falls on the boat ride instead of the elevator ride. The pricing is a bit steep $15.50/adult and $9/child for a short ~15 minutes ride but it's definitely something worth experiencing when you come here. Overall, good experience but does not need repeating.
How can I NOT rate this 5 stars?? Where can you get this close to the falls, and that too for only $13.50 per person?? Plus you get a free souveneir poncho type thingy and postcard to mail home/brag to your friends about. Of all the attractions available to do around Niagara, this is probably the most visited, and reasonably so. If you are ever in the region, you MUST do this.....try to get there before 4pm for two reasons 1. most days it closes by 5ish, 2. its too cold to be under that kinda water if there is no sun...unless you didnt' shower the morning and are looking forward to a wash! oh and if you're not a fan of getting sprayed on, you can always stay underneath in the covered areas of the boat..but then you're missing on all of the fun! Heart Niagara Falls - I have done this tour over 5 times now, and can go again in a heartbeat. A MUST DO!
I done this twice, first time was May 2012, and the most recent time was on May 31, 2014.  Every time is wonderful! I already look forward for the third time in the distance future.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG DO IT!!!! If I could give this a hundred stars, I would. It's really not expensive and you get a super awesome disposable poncho (that I absolutely did not dispose of). Board from the NY or ON side. If you go to Niagara Falls and you don't go on Maid of the Mist, you will have wasted a trip.
WAY COOL!  If you come to Niagara Falls you just have to do this.  Get over the fact that you will get a little wet.  It gives you such a different view of the falls and what an awesome force. By the way, take heed and protect your electronics.
We just loved this portion of our Niagara Falls experience! As others have pointed out, if you've made it this far, you may as well get on a boat that takes you right up to the Horseshoe Falls. It was just amazing and incredibly wet. The ponchos provide some coverage, but it just got to the point where we were so drenched, that it just didn't matter. My advice for the ladies is, WEAR WATERPROOF MASCARA. I didn't enjoy wiping black stuff out of my eyes for the next hour or so. We were at the frontmost part of the boat, so that may have had something to do with our getting drenched. It was totally worth it, though!
Totally worth $14.50. Gets you deep into the majesty and moisture of the falls, which are truly spectacular, even if you're a slightly cynical tourist, as is this humble reviewer. It's about a 30-minute adventure, and the boats run constantly so there's never more than a 10-minute wait or so. At least not on a busy summer Sunday.
Before getting on the boat, I really wasn't expecting much excitement.  I mean, come on, Maid of the MIST?  How wet can you possibly get?   However, I was blown away.  Figuratively and literally.  Okay, maybe not really blown away-blown away, but pretty close.  After being given a raincoat poncho (with hood), I had doubts whether or not I should take out my D60 to take pictures, so I hid i t underneath my poncho.   Being so close to the falls is absolutely amazing.  It is THE BEST attraction at Niagara Falls.  My sister decided that she was too cool to wear the hood of the poncho, so that resulted in her face and hair getting drenched with Niagara's love.  It seriously feels like you're in a monsoon, hurricane, tornado, all at once.  Of course its fun 'cause you know you're in no real danger.  Excessive wind and water in your face (I suggest you bring sunglasses to cover your eyes), and the boat rocks like crazy from the being so near the falls.  I only wish my boyfriend could rock MY boat that hard.  Heheh, just kidding.   If you haven't been, definitely go!
Yes. Yes. Yes. This is really the best possible $20 you are going to spend while visiting Niagara Falls. I insist you go for it. ****NOTE**** 1) Canada side is preferable 2) Warm days are preferable 3) Stationing yourself near the edge of the boat when you get close to the falls is preferable The line was long and the poncho was sticky on warm skin, but it was totally worth it in a very 5-star way. If you bring your camera, and I highly suggest you bring your camera, just put it away when you get close. The pictures you take there are going to suck any way you slice it and you will miss the mist in your face and having the actual experience. MUST DO.
I've been to Niagara Falls so many times but have never been brave enough to ride the Maid of the Mist.  It was wet and hard to see at some points but I'm definitely glad I did it!   I loved the blue ponchos and how silly they made you look and would have totally kept mine if I didn't want to have to carry around a wet and partially ripped plastic bag throughout the town the rest of the day!   It is a decent price and the line is deceptively long as it moves fast.  I just wish that the ride was longer.  It seems as though it was over before it began and while there was quite a bit of commentary going out, there didn't seem to be as much coming back.
The thing to do for tourists and non-tourists alike (although is there anyone native to Niagara Falls?) The boat takes you very close to Horseshoe Falls, you may not realize how close until you get onto Goat Island and see the other Maid of the Mist boats. Bring a waterproof camera, don't fix up your hair (because it will get wet), wait til you get on the boat to put on the blue poncho (otherwise you'll get hot quickly), and enjoy the ride (I promise you will!)
What can I really contribute to this review that hasn't already been said?   After walking around at our own pace when first arriving at the Falls, the Maid of the Mist was the first "event" my husband and I took part in.  We got in using our Discovery Pass tickets.  You can either go to the top or bottom of the boat.  We ended up on the bottom because we were able to get a better spot in the front, but I don't imagine the experience is all that different from the top. The Maid of the Mist takes you by all 3 Falls.  You will definitely get wet from the mist of the falls as you go by.  The coolest part is when the boat goes up to Horseshoe Falls and has the engines going full force, but the boat is floating totally still due to the force of the water coming off the Falls.   The entire tour was probably about 20 minutes or so... I didn't really check.  But it was simply beautiful and a MUST DO when you are in Niagara Falls.  Wear shorts, if possible, because even with the ponchos they give you, anything below the poncho line could get wet.  We took the tour from the American side, but it seems that the tour on the Canadian side is exactly the same.
Standing on the edge of the railing and looking down at the Falls, it's hard to imagine getting any closer, but there is a way! The Maid of the Mist boat tour takes you to near the very base of the Falls. Decked out in one of their blue rain ponchos, we could feel the spray of the Falls as the water continued to thunder down. Scary and awesome at the same time. A must when visiting Niagara Falls. Get ready to get soaked! review 8/7/2008 I.M.Y.
You must be kidding!!! No review on this business yet!? Ridiculous... When you visit Niagara Falls, a must see on your 'bucket list', you should not refuse to participate in the Maid of the Mist Boat Tour . The Falls are impressive itself, standing save on the American or Canadian side and seeing gallons of water fall down, as the sound of the falls almost hypnotizes you with its monotone and consistent sound. What better than to step on board and let the Skipper take you even closer. With the elevator down to the docks, stewards handing you a poncho to wear, you are getting ready for an experience you will never forget. Pure nature at its best as you can take a tour on the American -and on the Canadian side. As you come closer you understand why it's called Maid of the Mist, as thousands gallons of water crash down on the water surface, a mist of water surrounds you. It's mist but has the ability to make you soaking wet. That's why you need to secure your poncho, cause the mist will finds it's way in any tiny opening. It's amazing as you get closer and closer to the falls, the sound of the Niagara Falls gets louder and louder, it is literally breathtaking, all fear fades away and you are only in awe of this world wonder. It's hard to describe the feelings and thoughts that you have while you stare into the Niagara Falls, just a few feet away from a force that has the ability to destroy, but also the power to create. One thing I guarantee when the boat turns to return to the dock, you look back and it looks like the falls are calling you back one more time for an encounter.
This is a super cool way to see the falls. It's way better then standing knee deep with obnoxious tourists dripping their crappy ice cream cone on you. We were smart and got on a boat around 7:30 pm. There were hardly any people on our ship and the wait to get on maybe 10 minutes. Put your blue slicker on, you will need it! It gets WET. Some whine baby kid kept asking over and over and over and over and over and over if it was raining. No kid you're at the base of skull crushing pounds of water, Mom please explain there's going to be some spray so the rest of us can enjoy our experience with out the constant screeching.
Ponchos are provided to visitors as the mist from the falls will soak visitors.  I've been to Niagara Falls twice in my lifetime, but Maid of the Mist puts visitors up close and personal where you'll feel the roar and energy.  I've snapped a few photos where a rainbow appeared with the sun's reflection crashing with the mist.  The Horseshoe Falls is one of the major falls not to be missed. Visitors beware of your cameras and electronic equipment as it's going to be a misty ride!
The best in town, amazing you can think its really raining when u get under the mist of the mega falls. A must do to complete a trip to Niagara Falls.
This was a great tour. You get pretty close to the falls so that any small gust of wind will spray you with a good amount of water. The views are great and the power of the waterfall really hits you.  This ride is a must if you are planning to visit Niagara Falls. When we first got in line at 2 pm on Saturday afternoon (during Memorial Day Weekend) we were told that the wait for the ride was going to be at least 3 hours. We decided not to wait. I recommend getting up early and arriving at the parks by 8:00 a.m. (which is what we did the next morning).  The first boat left at 9:15, but it takes a bit of time to walk down to the boat and put the ponchos on. Getting in line that early also allows you to get a front seat (figuratively) on the boat. I'm told that the top deck at the front of the ship is best, but by the time we got on, a lot of people had already moved to the top of the ship, so we decided to get to the front of the ship on the bottom deck. The view was just fine and it was an amazing ride. I would personally have liked to get closer to the falls. Water-proof disposable cameras are a must! We decided to buy the $33 ride combo. This was the best deal ever. Not so much monetarily because it came with access to features that we were not interested in such as the discovery center and the trolley scenic tour (avoid at all costs because it takes you 4 times as long to take the trolley than it does to walk). The deal was the fact that you did not have to wait in the long lines where people were trying to buy individual tickets. That saved a LOT of time and not having to wait in those long lines made it all worth while.
If you're going to be visiting the Niagara Falls State Park, PUHLEASEE do me a favor and buy yourself a $13.50 ticket for the Maid of the Mist Boat Tour! I mean you got this far. If you're going to come to see THE Niagara Falls, you have to get the full experience of it. Because really, there's not much to do here otherwise. Make sure you go to their website to see their hours because depending on the season, their hours vary. Blue ponchos will be provided prior to boarding. Put it on because YOU WILL get wet. The boat will go around both the falls and get pretty near them so you can hear the roar. Try to go on a sunny day to get the best pictures. I unluckily went on a gloomy day so it was cold and the pictures weren't as blue as I wanted it to be. Overall, GREAT EXPERIENCE and worth every penny.
Oh see, that was fun! What a great little tour. The Maid of the Mist was highly recommended by quite a few people in my life, so I had to try! I'm glad I did. The mist, falls and waters are not nearly as forceful or turbulent as initially thought. They provide (very thin) ponchos that protect you and your belongings quite well. There are very few seats, which may not be good if you are with people that have any trouble walking or with balance. Overall, a great experience that does not need repeating. My only gripe is that it is a very short trip and I wish it cruised the falls a bit more.
Best way to get up close and personal with a force of nature in a well controlled environment. Make sure that you wear flip flops or shoes that you do not care about getting wet. Also a waterproof case for your camera will allow you to capture every moment of the ride.
Opps I yelped the wrong area for the boat tour of the Maid of the Mist Boat Tour but this Maid of the Mist Boat Tour is pretty much as the same as the Canadien side...After, I have seen the both sides of Niagara Falls from the USA and Canadien side now that, I have seen the both sides of Niagara Falls and to see and hear the awesome roar of the water fall!!! And now it was time to get even closer to the water falls... This would be my very first time ever for me that, I have taken a Maid Of The Mist boat ride and when the Maid Of The Mist boat ride came to a end after experiencing this awesome boat ride of the falls all I can say is that this is one of the most nicest boat ride that I have ever taken a ride on!!! If you are ever visiting Niagara Falls this is the one thing that you gotta do...
BEST part of the Falls, either on the US or Canadian side.....soooo much fun and the KIDS LOVE it. The lines move quickly and the there are plenty of boats so the wait doesn't take long....be sure to wear the poncho they give you because you WILL get wet....great spot for pictures.... 2 Adult 27.00 2 Child 15.70 Total - $42.70
If you visit Niagara Falls you HAVE TO do the Maid of the Mist Tour.  I mean, come on, you're already there! It's only $13.50 & a boat leaves every 15 minutes so there's hardly a wait.  Before the ride you're able to go to the observation deck & get a super great view of the falls. The ride itself is awesome but be prepared to get wet!  The boat takes you up close to the falls & it is just an amazing experience all together.
If you are visiting Niagara Falls and only have a chance to do one activity, this would be it IMHO.  We took the Mist Boat Tour from the Canadian side around 10:00 a.m. on a Saturday morning in late June.  We thought we would need to get in line and wait, maybe an hour?  Not true.  We got our tickets and then walked through getting our group picture taken and getting ponchos before going on board. No waiting involved at all.  The ride was smooth considering we were literally up against all the power of the Falls.  The views were spectacular!  Even with the ponchos faces and cameras could get very wet.  I think the ride took about 30 minutes.  We got right up next to both the American Falls, and the Canadian Falls(Horseshoe.)   It looked to me that the ride was basically the same from either side, Canadian or American.   The view of the Falls from shore though, is much better of both Falls from the Canadian side.  But if you don't have a passport and can't get to the Canadian side, this boat ride would give you the Canadian view.
It's world famous and righteously so. The Maid of The Mist gives you not only a gorgeous view up front of the falls but the true "feel" of the falls as the chilly mist splashes your face. The service was friendly, we had no wait whatsoever in the offseason (October), and I know people think it's pricey, but I thought the Adventure Pass which gives you access to the tunnels, a small 4D movie the whitewater walk, the Maid of the Mist, plus it works as a bus pass for two full days was fairly priced at 46 dollars.
A must do at Niagara. We went on a Saturday around noon and we didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes to get on the boat. However it was pretty crowded later in the day. We had a gorgeous day for it and were lucky enough to have the wind blowing in the right direction. Apparently if the wind is blowing away from the falls it's hard to see anything since the whole area is clouded in mist. You get a real unique view of the falls with this ride. Give it a shot.
We had a AWESOME time. The tour takes you right up close to the falls and boy do you get wet. Enjoyed this trip and the folks at the Maid of the Mist were very helpful. If you can waterproof your cameras...DO IT!  We went on the American side and on the boat tour you will see everything.
Maid of Mist was a lot of fun.  Four of us, including my parents and 8-year old son (whose birthday we celebrated during this trip), were in Niagra Falls for a 1/2 day.  We took the advice here and did Maid of Mist.  We liked three things about it: 1.  Getting hit by the mist throughout the boat ride was quite refreshing, especially during a summer afternoon.  The highlight of the trip was the mist shower we received at the Horseshoe Falls.  My shoes got filled with water and some of us began shouting in joy.  What a fun! 2.  The ride was not too long and also not too short (About 15 minutes I was told).  It was enough time to see the waterfalls, admire the rainbows that came out, and experience the mist, while taking some pictures and videos. 3.  The participants can also climb up the stairs by the side of American Fall and get more mist shower (if you are still hungry for it after the boat ride).  This is not a part of Maid of Mist, but certainly makes adds to the experience. All in all, we enjoyed it very much and would recommend it highly.  Have a blessed day!
If you can do only one thing in Niagara Falls, this is it.  In a world where we experience things digitally, the Maid boat ride is an amazing physical experience. As a guide, I watch young and old, from near and far, climb the steps existing the boat just after the ride is over.  Universally I see childlike smiles and genuine awe. This is nature's rock concert, and the Maid of the Mist is your front row seat!
An experience not to be missed.  Just do it.  Really.  Go.  Do it.  and wear the rain poncho.  You will need it. Have kids?  Do it.  They love it. What?  You are still here?  Go.  Do it.
For $15 (I think), this trip is well worth the money! The boat brings you right up to the falls. The boat was huge, too. Awesome views! They also provide you with free ponchos. Would definitely do again!
Awesome! So worth the $15.50!!
Very affordable and very fun.  Get a waterproof case for your phone or camera, fantastic photos to be had at the base of the falls!
We got advice to go to the American side for Maid of the Mist and we weren't disappointed! We liked walking in the state forest there and seeing the rapids at the top of the falls. The observation deck is also great to be on. We got a lot of unique views from both sides, however. We had a short wait and got on the top level of the boat. We decided to stand on the side farther from the falls on the first pass, so we could get a better view on the way back. We watched the falls go by and were amazed by how soaked we got parked right below the Horseshoe (Canadian) Falls. DO NOT wear socks! They will get soaked. On the way back we got great views and shots, and I also got a huge shove from a tourist who thought being rude was the best way to get a good shot. Expect those rude tourists everywhere in the Niagara area. But it didn't dampen the mood. This was more than worth it and a must do!
In all of life, I have had no desire to do this tour. I did not know what I was missing! It's so amazing how close they take you to the falls! And the roar of the water and the tossing of the boat is down right scary! We love, love, loved it! I would recommend this tour to everyone!  Plus, everyone looks hot in the blue poncho!
A must for Falls visitors - $13.50 gets you the boat ride + access to the observation tower.  Be careful of water damage to your camera/phone though.  I feel like they could charge a lot more and get away with it.  Best way to experience Niagara Falls - Jim & Pam did it, so should you.
This was the only thing we spent money on here in Niagara and it was worth it. Everything else you can see and do for free but to get on the water and feel the mist and see the falls from that perspective was magical, accept for the other few hundred people doing the same thing. LOL We were lucky and didn't have to wait too long but if we would have waited another hour it would have been much better it was practically empty around 2pm.  I think all the tours are gone by then and thats probably why the mornings seemed to be busy.  Anyhow it was worth the $15 and you get access to the tower lookout after for pictures and I was even able to take several pictures with my phone while on the boat, it wasn't nearly as wet as I thought it would be.  You can stay dry if you want to but the poncho and keeping your electronics under cover when you get really close to the falls seems to be good enough.  Our boat wasn't packed but we were on the bottom level and we stayed there until people who were getting too "misted" came down from the top of the boat. Then we headed up to take more photos from a different perspective. It was certainly worth the time to enjoy the experience. I would do it again but after all the tours and the lines are low, thats the best time.
You havent seen the falls until you ride this thing.  Hotties are required to wear white T-shirts!
Another tourist trap...it's absurd how much you pay to take a whopping 15 minute boat tour through the falls. But how can you come to Niagara Falls and not do the guided tour. It's a must do when you are here, so I guess that's why they figure they can charge you $16 a person. It's literally a dollar a minute for this tour, but (again) you have to do it and it's worth it. The view from the "inside" is breathtaking. It's amazing how rough and choppy the water is the closer you get to the actual falls. And who knew that they keep on moving. Crazy! I would never want to fall off the boat or one of the cliffs. I have no idea how people did and survived!
Totally worth the $13 ticket. You get really close to the falls. You can avoid getting wet if you stay away from the sides of the boat. Make sure to keep the free ponchos to use for the Cavern of the Winds. The M of the M ponchos are much better than those at C of the W.
If you are anywhere near Niagara Falls please take the Maid of the Mist tour. You can board on the U.S. or Canadian side and get the same view. The ride was enchanting and I don't believe it was completely because I was in mushy squishy anniversary mode. Please remember to bring a zip lock baggie for your camera or phone because you are going to want to pull that bad boy out and snag some fantastic shots of the falls. You will get WET and there will be many people crammed together on a boat but you will enjoy every moment of it.
Maid of the Mist was some of the best money I ever spent. Such an incredible experience getting to see the Falls up close. I did get soaked, but it's all part of the fun. If you're in Niagara Falls, definitely ride this.
Breathtaking . Amazing experience
I think I already set my mind on doing this since I saw it on The Office. Don't be too discouraged by the long line of people stretching all the way to the top because it moves relatively quick. You get a disposable, commemorative poncho, which turns out to be a funny sight with a line of people entering a shack and exiting as blue smurfs. Anyway, you will stay relatively dry within the poncho, but it's pretty difficult to take pictures with all the mist. I'm not sure how it is on a sunny day, but with overcast, everything in the falls area washes out as white anyway. It's a fun ride and gives you an idea of just how powerful the falls are from a different perspective. In my opinion, if you're coming to visit Niagara Falls, this tour is a must.
This boat tour is the best thing EVER!  I recommend going as early as possible before people start rushing there since its a major attraction.  I was really worried that I was going to get sick but I didn't even come close.  They give you these see-through blue plastic ponchos (mine is still in the back of my closet...yes I brought it back to Cali) also you get REALLY wet because the boat gets atleast 100 yards from the falls- at the most so its a full on soak fest.   Its good for little kids too, my brother  was 6 at the time and sister who was a little over a year old liked it.  But then again...its hard to say with a one year old.  Eh, anyway...GO!
A must do if you visit the falls!  It's such a cool experience to go right up to the falls and feel all that mist in your face.  You get a much better sense of how powerful nature is when you're down at water level.
Other then the massive groups of foreign tourists this was a perfect way to view the falls. Any idiot that says you can only get a good view from Canada is completely off. I opted out  of the stupid blue poncho but my wife and kid enjoyed theirs. We were on the first boat out that morning was a pleasant maybe 30 min out to the horseshoe falls and back. We stood away from the dock and if I hadn't been on a few hundred boats prior to this woulda got soaked. If you ar on the dock side you get the brunt of the falls but as you turn to return to the dock everyone gets wet. Also the park around the maid of the mist is very nice and would be a great place to spend the day if we weren't traveling to CT.
It is very fun for all ages.  Not cheap, but a blast.
I am originally from Niagara Falls and for the first time in 25 years rode the maid of the mist today and it did not disappoint! It was $14.50 to ride and it was as fun and thrilling as ever to ride. Tip for you who want to get wet watch from above the falls where the mist is blowing and then be sure to stand at the correct side if the boat!  What a blast we had today and great photo ops too!!!   Please NOTE I rode the Canadian Side not the American Side, I presume it would the same thrill!
Awesome way to see the Falls a must see/do when at Niagara.
a likely must-go if you've made the journey all the way to niagara falls! at $14.50 per adult it is on the pricey side for what you get - a probably 15 minute boat ride with a short (albeit interesting) audio recording and a thin blue poncho - but we had a good time. we followed yelp advice and grabbed a spot downstairs at the front of the boat and were able to get some great photos of the falls before having to protect our gear when we ventured close to the falls! it was an interesting thrill but i wished it lasted longer - maybe throw in an informative video, accompany the ride with a great funny disneyland jungle cruise-like guide, or let us spend a little more time to take us on a slightly longer tour of the river? one of the things that we did slightly regret is that we hopped on the boat as soon as we bought our tickets and the weather was a little overcast. however, the boats leave every 15 minutes and so you can probably wait until the weather gets nice / when the crowd thins out to make it an optimal experience.
for $13 yeah. worth it. And you get a pancho that is a child death trap. winner
Ok.... I'm reading all the awesome views & I gotta tell you...it just wasn't that phenomenal! Niagara Falls is incredibly magnificent..arguably a wonder of the world! That's how it looked from the Observation Deck where you could actually see its sheer power & glory! Riding aboard The Maid of The Mist was exactly that... MIST!! Mist blowing in your face , blocking your vision with & without sunglasses! Just one big misty boat ride with a loud roaring! You could feel the power of the Falls but all I could really see....MIST! Heading back to the dock there was a more visible view of the rocky , rapidly moving waters & the Falls themselves but just for a few minutes! Was it worth $15.50 per person...I guess so.. The whole area is pretty much an over built up tourist trap! I'm not going back & I'm not telling anyone to put it on their bucket list unless they end up in this area for other reasons as I did!
I recommend this tour if you are visiting the falls! Its a fun way to see the falls up close.
Everything was gray and white.  I barely even noticed Horseshoe Falls afterwards.  I couldn't hear anything outside the thunder at the base.  Is this what a hurricane is like?  It was exciting to be within the vapor of the Falls.
Seriously awesome. I have lived in the area for 6yrs before going on this boat ride & it was the coolest thing EVER! I never get sick of The Falls, but this was amazing. A must-do experience.
Though not as fun as the cave of the winds in my opinion, It's still a must try when you're in niagara falls. The best part is when you're right at the horseshoe and you're surrounded by waterfalls. Pretty fun!
Don't go see the falls without going on this tour!  It is an experience not to be missed (or is that "mist?")!  Realize that if you're standing, it is a bumpy boatride -- you're going near the base of the falls.  You need to be wearing non-skid shoes and be able to balance yourself in a crowd.  You'll get very wet, but don't let that stop you from this experience -- it is the only way to get a true feel for the magnitude of the falls!  An excellent value.
If you are going to be in Niagara Falls, you have to take a trip on the Maid of the Mist once in your life.  For one, the view of the falls is amazing and one you'll never forget.  Secondly, it is one of the world famous tourist parts of visiting the falls.  If you have kids they will remember the experience forever as well.  Everyone has to experience the tour once in their life.
Exceptional.
Crossed out "see Niagara Falls" from my list. It was up close and invigorating. You forget for a few moments that you are in NY!
AWESOME! Breathtaking views of Niagara right up close. You will get drenched by the spray. Be prepared! They do provide a plastic raincoat (souvenir) which is adequate
Great experience, had tons of fun, very cheap as well.
This tour was great.! The boat takes you right to the "mouth of the waters". It felt like a rainstorm there and it was awesome to experience. What a GREAT tour to be on. MY DIANNETTE and I LOVED IT
This is a definite must do when in Niagara Falls.  It was my first visit to Niagara Falls and we were looking to fit in as much as possible during our visit.  The Maid of the Mist Boat Tour was our first activity.  We took the tour on the American Falls side.  It was absolutely beautiful!!  Being that up close to the Falls, hearing the roar of the water falls and feeling the mist - Breathtaking!  I believe it was only about $15 dollars per person for the tour.  The tour was approx. a total of 20 - 30 minutes at the most.  Completely worth it!
Horseshoe falls is magnificent! And the little yellow duck is so cute!
By far the best part of my trip to Niagara Falls. Well worth the money. I went from the American side, but I'm not sure that it makes much difference. This is a must do if you go to Niagara Falls.
A Must see for your visit to Niagara Falls State Park. First you go to the Observation deck and then take an elevator straight down, get your famous, souvenir blue rain poncho and then give your tickets to the attendant, it is a short walk to the bottom before you can board the boat. It is kind of rocking back and forth so you need to be careful when you board. the boat itself doesnt have any seating, just railing to hold onto, so if  dont have your sea-legs yet, it might not be cool. Theres an upstairs too, which has a higher platform, you will get totally wet if you go on this ride trust me. If you dont youre doing something wrong! 2008 Tickets cost aprox 12.50, but are cheaper if you buy the Niagara Passport. The boat goes out (technically going into Canadian Territory) past american falls, then does a circle in the horseshoe falls, truly a sight to see, you havent experienced Niagara Falls, until you've been drenched in it!
So much fun!!  If you want to get wet, definitely go on the top deck and try to stand on the front side of the boat as close to the railings as possible.  Make sure you secure the poncho on your head and tie the bottom part near your knees since they fly up when the wind blows.  Your pants and socks will definitely get wet if you stand there so if it's not a hot and sunny day, make sure you take a pair of pants and socks...at least a pair of socks!  Prepare to have fun!
its quite an experience to see 'n feel mother nature with all it's fury.
must for visitors. somehow managed to get drenched even with the poncho... *burrr*
GREAT TOUR!!! We just got back, the crowds were really light being that the children are back in school.  I would definitely recommend this tour and the cave of the winds as well.  You will not regret it.
While on the cliff you can view the waterfall's beauty, on the boat you can feel its power. A unique way to experience Niagara. Everyone who visits must do this.
If you go to Niagara, you have to do it.  There's some bad points: it's expensive for the very short ride, you can't really hear the announcements on the speakers at all, dozens of sugared up screaming children running amok on the slippery decks and steps, the sticky billowy blue ponchos that really don't keep you very dry.  But it's an incredible experience riding so close to the falls, feeling the boat tossed around and getting blasted with the spray.  It's pretty awesome and you have to do it at least once.  I've never been to the falls before so I didn't really know what to expect.  When they say "mist", they are really underselling it:  you will get soaked.  Make sure you have a waterproof camera or camera case, keep all your electronics and things that can't get wet in your bag under your poncho.  Might want to keep a towel in the car if your hotel isn't nearby.  Also be aware they have somewhat limited hours, even in the peak season, I think we got the last ride out at 7:30.
