There is nothing like the Barton Hill in all of Niagara County! Its location and surroundings are perfect and the rooms are full of charm and are completely spacious. My husband and I spent our wedding weekend at the Barton Hill, having visited many times before. I would recommend this property to anyone who is seeking a relaxing stay, away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. Those that appreciate small-town charm and award winning food from the area should go. I have stayed all over the world and I can't remember loving a room as much as I did mine at this property. Enjoy your stay!
RESTAURANT (Dinner): Environment is open and wispy, with shears draped indoors, and flowing with the breeze. Main dining room opens up into a large, basketball court -sized outdoor deck overlooking the waterfront on the vibrant Niagara river ~100 yards away. P.S., Lobby of hotel is nice, but spartan in staff. I really want this to go well.... Staff are young and poorly trained. They are forced to use Mom & Pop written checks, and it is terribly inefficient: No computer system for the restaurant to be seen. People are seated and left to rot on the vine. Manager hops around the tables, shooting the phoney crap with people, watering dying plants, but doesn't dig down deep to help the most obviously overwhelmed and under trained staff. Place has a lot of customers looking around, you know, when you think you've been forgotten. My martini request seemed to panic the young server, then she came back to tell my wife they were out of her vodka, which wasn't really a problem,  and to ask if I wanted a dirty martini. Well, what the heck, if she wanted to make it dirty, fine. Well, it was VERY dirty when I got it. Like a 1/4 jar of olive juice had been used to formulate this most delicious concoction! We're not jerks, and this server was young, so I drank it without complaint. I never saw a bartender proper. I think these poor young kids have to make the drinks themselves and they do not know how to! We ordered wedge salads to start: no complaints here as it wasn't a complex presentation but we enjoyed it. Entrees: Now here's where it gets interesting. I was fixated on the NY Strip steak, figuring I'd compare apples to apples as that's what I usually order at the many restaurants we frequent. The server told me it was an 8oz strip! An 8oz NY Strip Steak!? It wasn't cheap, either!  Well, you can't easily cook an 8oz NY Strip Medium rare, at least I wasn't confident that THIS place could do it, so I ditched that idea and ordered the Mediterranean pasta. Server said she had heard it was really good. My wife ordered the bruschetta. DINNER WAS HORRIBLE. Mediterranean pasta was so lemony and garlicy It nearly made my lips purse. I love garlic and lemon, but not when it CHOKES ME! I mean, I choked it down because I was so hungry after a day in the sun, and the service so slow, I just wanted sustenance! We laughed as I just choked it!!! My wife's bruschetta was ok, but it tasted like one of those cheap pizza blanks you buy 3 for $5 at the grocery store, and the onions on it were so burnt that they crumbled into dust when crumpled... I joked that it was last week's caramelized onions! Dry, no sauce and raw leaves of spinach over the top with some drizzle of long cold cheese over the top! I mean, by this time, we're looking around us at all the heads looking for service, the phoney manger going table to table chatting, lousy drinks, and horrid dinner and we just started laughing! Additionaly, the floor of this outdoor balcony area was ALL CHIPPED UP, with LARGE patches...AREAs of paint missing! We weren't sure if it was disrepair or shabby chic, but I believe my wife when she said that it was disrepair! I mean, it was surrealistically funny, really. To top it off, they didn't have the cheesecake dessert as listed on the menu, but they had shortbread. Well, those ain't the same my dear! We're locals, and this place has a very mixed, if not predominantly poor, reputation, with some urban legend tied to it as well, etc. Boy, it lives up to its poor local reputation and legend, which is really sad and embarrassing for us, as the view from this 2nd floor outdoor area is very nice! Like so many others have said, the place looks good from a distance, but up close and personal, it's not, which really makes us feel bad, because this is our town! Unfortunately, this was the worst dinner we've had in years, so much so it became funny. I (we) would NOT recommend this place AT ALL to our visitors! Sorry, but this is the insiders scoop, and I'd heed our warning!
Yelp is such an amazing thing. I was recommended strongly the barton hill by a couple we met on the wine trail. While the hotel was quaint and located close to the water affording us a view of canada from our backyard, the staff was certainly not as welcoming as I thought they would have been. Maybe because we were not local to the town of lewiston or maybe because of other reasons age (too young) or color of skin etc for whatever reason no one went out of their way to make our stay special. Very blah overall. For example I wasnt offered a quiet place to stay and do some work despite me asking for just that ( and they had an empty conference room at 9am on a sunday) Instead i sat in the lobby tv blaring cartoons. Finally a lady came over turned off the TV And put on loud lobby music instead... Great. Breakfast was good in the morning. Coffee was the worst ever! Actually all of lewiston so bland like drinking the left over coffee water... Like they brewed it twice. 2am my wife woke up terrified as some kids came knocking on our door. Dont get me wrong the place looks really charming . Summary: Lumpy pillow coffee water
At first glance when arriving and stepping into the lobby, the hotel is very classy and charming. The staff was very polite and helpful. That was the best part of the stay. Once in the room, I began to notice that this was not the cleanest hotel I've stayed in. Molding coming off of the walls and furniture falling apart. The ac along with our room was full of Mosquitos. On to the bathroom... It was huge and beautiful. But, not clean. I was worried to take a shower due to the grime and mildew. A majority of the fixtures were either broken or about to be. We were given a voucher to the restaurant.  So we decided to give it a shot. It was very wide open and uninviting. This was the first time we have ever been the only people in a restaurant. It was weird and awkward. The food was below average and tasteless. The server was nice. Not the best stay.
Nice hotel. Beautiful and spacious rooms everything was modern and clean.  The view towards the Niagara river was very nice. It is not directly on the river but you still get a nice view as you eat breakfast.  The continental breakfast was pretty weak though: toast, OJ, and little boxes of cereal. Would have liked to see a little more selection but still did the trick.
We stayed here recently using a Groupon-equivalent voucher offering us $30 for dinner and $30 to the casino with our stay. Upon calling the hotel we were told the room for the voucher was unavailable however we could upgrade our room for $50. Well we decided to do that since we've always thought the Barton looked impressive enough to stay at.  We checked in and found the opening walkway and lobby to be huge and very impressive! Unfortunately when we met the proprietor at the front desk and she told us what room we would be in she said "Oh that's very nice...but next time get a room with a better view," as if we knew ahead of time room 213 would have a terrible view of a muddy hill (it did). What exactly did we pay the extra money to "upgrade" to?? The rooms are very large and the beds are excellent. King sized with nice white sheets. The room itself contained a large dresser and a gas fireplace. The fireplace, however, was right at the side of the foot of the bed. WIth no couches in the room how exactly is someone supposed to enjoy the fireplace when you cannot see it from the bed? Also the air conditioning is done by a portable model on the floor next to the fireplace, which came across as a bit cheap. The bathrooms were very nice looking with a whirlpool tub and separate shower, but the tub was lined with yellow stains. I understand some wear and tear in the hotel but for a place only open a few years you'd think conditions would be immaculate. Dinner was out on the 2nd floor patio which provided an excellent view. We sat just outside a small overhead tent which was nice but we were continuously hit by falling bugs (not the fault of the owner or hotel by any means, just annoying) so we moved inside the tent and were fine. The $30 voucher for dinner we were told only worked for entrees, which wasn't a problem. The menu was strange however--no actual appetizers outside of a few salads and a soup, yet they offer strip steak and salmon filet for entrees. Well the salmon was very good but my medium rare steak came out completely well done, which was unfortunate as it was seasoned really nicely. Breakfast the next day was continental style with a few homemade scones and egg dishes, which were admittedly very good. It would be nice, though if they offered an actual breakfast menu instead of making a few homemade dishes and leaving them out. The whole time at the Barton Hill Hotel I was debating how nice the hotel really was. Look at the lobby, entranceway, view from dinner, bathroom set up, and bed and you'd think it's top class. But things like continental breakfast, rooms with terrible (upgraded) views, portable A/C, and the like just makes it feel a little too cheaply put together. Would I stay there again? Maybe. But for no where near the $150+ we were charged for a weeknight.
I am sitting in the lobby right now, listening to the owner talk to his employees about how to give better rooms to people who pay full price v. people who buy a Groupon or other discount.  It was pitiful, and this guy's attitude was reflected in the service. (And now they are talking about serving pot brownies to people.)   Despite calls and emails before arrival, the spa never answered.  And the worst offense was the restaurant. We arrived at 7:30 for our reservation, and the manager told us, "your reservation is in 15 minutes, i'll see you then." Although this may not seem offensive, it is.  There were open tables, and no reservations ahead of us.   Clearly, there views are positive about this place, but if you have higher expectations for service then owner who looks down on you for your discounts (even if they smile while doing it) this place is not for you.
My boyfriend and I wanted to come to the Niagara Falls/Canada area for some much needed R&R. We decided to use a Groupon for our stay at the Barton Hill Hotel & Spa. We arrived on a Saturday evening and were warmly greeted by the front desk staff. The room was very large with a 4 poster king sized bed. The hotel offers complimentary valet service which was nice. I really loved the Lewiston, NY area. The hotel was nicely located within walking distance of several good restaurants with a beautiful view overlooking the Niagara River. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars was because we had to ask twice for clean sheets on the second day and when we returned to our room on the third day the door was left open. The staff were very accommodating and the whole experience was overall very well worth the money.
Place is quaint but in serious need of updating and repair. Staff was friendly and accommodating as they could be given what they hdd to work with. Room was comfortable but had to ask for towels, hairdryer etc. Dinner (had coupon or wouldnt have bothered) was surprisingly good...I had mahi mahi and wedge salad, hubby had pasta dish. Bread was fresh and warm. Coffee and continental breakfast was awful. If I didnt have a livingsocial coupon I wouldn't have stayed here, but if you have to be in Lewiston or enroute to /from Canada...there aren't other hotels in the area.
I guess for the area it's a nice hotel however my room had no AC and the rooms are very noisy. I could hear the kitchen on the floor above me and the people in the rooms around me along with in the hall. House keeping didn't restock each day and even left me a bag of coffee in place of k-cups. Not sure how that was going to work in the keurig.
Had a wonderful experience here! Loved the huge porch off the second floor that overlooked the balcony!! Great place for a quiet getaway.
My wife wanted to pay a return visit to the area to see her family. She has always wanted to stay at the Barton Hill Hotel. I travel internationally for business and I'm put off by "quaint" but agreed to her request. I admit, my wife made a good choice. The Niagara River is within view of the hotel's front door and it's a short walk to the village's shops and restaurants. The hotel's staff was very helpful (I'm thankful they're not union robots like most hospitality businesses in NY!). Our room was large, clean, comfortable...and I slept like a baby! Kudos to Diane and her staff. I enjoyed my stay and would return again to the area if my wife lets me stay at Barton Hill.
My boyfriend and I had a groupon for this place, so decided to take a short trip to see the falls and nearby Buffalo.  We were excited to stay outside of super-touristy Niagara Falls.  It was a good decision.  Goods and Bads to this place.  In the end, we're glad we had the groupon because we don't think it would have been worth full price.  FYI we stayed in one of the riverside retreat rooms on the fourth floor.  Don't know how different they are from others. PROS Big, comfy king bed with nice linens Lovely view of the river Dinner there was good and they accommodated my dietary needs (vegan) Friendly staff Nice lobby Large shower.  We had plenty of hot water, not like what others said. Spacious rooms, nicely decorated Nice location CONS Parking was a bit of a pain Breakfast was pretty pathetic Drafty windows Fireplace is fake Unreliable wifi There's a phone next to the toilet?
Bought a night stay at the Barton Inn through Groupon so our price was very reasonable.   We went in early April (which I believe is out of season) and found ourselves as the only guests in the Hotel in the early afternoon on Sunday. We are two young individuals and the general crowd was a few decades older - we still had a blast. The hotel service staff was awesome - very friendly and always ready to get what you needed.  The room was beautiful (we had a free room upgrade to a King bed, fireplace, overlooking the lake. The breakfast was alright but I'm not picky with food.  It's important to eat well so you can keep on going... we bring our bicycles everywhere and I'm very happy we brought them to Lewiston. 'Art Park' is near by and it's a quaint town to ride through. The Fashion Outlets are only 10 minutes away... so if you are a shopper (which I'm not... but the Saturday I was) and you want to enjoy a complete 180 from the blah of a shopping centre then Barton Inn is a great place to relax and unwind.
Beautiful hotel.  Great rooms with comfy beds , fireplace and wifi.   Large washrooms - super slippery floor. ... Easy to crack your head getting out of the shower , like an ice rink.  My son loved it , sliding back and forth was great fun for him.  We requested room on the top floor in a quiter section of hotel.  Terrific staff , go out of their way to help or answer any questions.  Great location and breakfast was very good for being included.  Parking wasn't great . I would give it a 5 if it wasn't for the slippery bathroom floor and parking. Next time will try the spa and the restaurant for dinner.
Stayed here as part of our honeymoon.  Called to make check and see if there were any groupon rooms available after seeing the amazing rate available online, the sales manager informed me that there were none for that time frame we would be in the area, but he could hook us up with a better room since we called.  He booked us in room 404, which was absolute perfection, in the center of the top floor of the hotel, amazing river view and one of the new rooms with a balcony.  We were beyond impressed.   Following checking in, we headed to our dinner reservation ... which was the one major downfall to our stay.  There were two waitresses for about 15 people, totally doable right?  Wrong .... the first girl we spoke with mumbled something incoherent and walked away from us after pointing at a seat.  Total time in the restaurant: 2 hours ... waiting for our entree, 2 glasses of wine, bread and water.  It was not until the end of the meal that the other waitress started talking to us and working for the tip she received.  The meal was good and the wine was amazing! The shower was perfection, the bed was comfortable and following a television and internet outage all guests were offered complimentary wine.  The fireplace in the room was perfection for the cool fall nights and the spa was wonderful.   With the exception of the wait staff situation, everyone was amazingly helpful.
I stayed here this past weekend with my boyfriend for our anniversary. He purchased a groupon at $129 a night which included $30 for casino and $20 toward dinner(at the hotel) each night. Had we paid full price I would have more complaints but with the groupon deal I feel as though it was worth it. We stayed in the whirlpool retreat room. It was pretty nice but lacked a hair dryer and an iron/ironing board. Other than that the room was very nice. As for the restaurant at the hotel....Very overpriced, SLOW service, but the food was good. I would return to the hotel but not the restaurant unless I had a voucher. Overall we had a nice stay here.
Just an ok place. The rooms are dark, wifi was poor to nonexistent, old TV, no iron, one of the elevators was out of service, breakfast was meh. The location is very convenient to Lewiston restaurants, the staff is friendly and the rooms are clean. I stayed here while my son was at Niagara University orientation.  Orientation didn't leave a lot of time for my wife and I to explore Lewiston.  I think the biggest benefit of this hotel is its location in Lewiston.  But if you aren't going to take advantage of the location, you are probably better off staying someplace else.
Got a coupon through living social. Used it on a mother/daughter shopping marathon. The good thing about having a place to stay is that you don't have to cram target/outlets/Walden galleria into one day! It makes for a less grumpy family, and means you can come and go at a more reasonable hour! The hotel was lovely. The rooms were large (we were upgraded, so I don't know if that makes a difference). But our view was of a muddy hill (and we were at the bottom of the hill!) and a shack at the top of the hill with the siding flapping in the wind. We just kept the curtains drawn. The rooms had a fireplace, and the bathroom was about as big as my apartment in Toronto. Breakfast was only ok. The frittata was really dried out (although once they came to replace it the second batch was better). There was fruit (apples and oranges), but i had missed the yogurt train. The chocolate croissants were not very good, but I didn't try the scones. Toast and peanut butter and limited cereal were also available. Don't expect a gourmet meal, but it filled me up until lunch in a moderately healthy way. The service was excellent. Everyone was very helpful, and we only had to pay about $15 in taxes once we were through. Wifi was included. A great option for shoppers.
The WORST spa experience I have ever had in my life, ever.   The sidewalk had not been shoveled when I arrived.  I had to trudge through 2 feet of snow just to get to the door. I was there for a spa package - multiple services.  There was NO option to get changed into a robe.  I kept having to get dressed and undressed for each service... super annoying. Massage therapist was 20 minutes late for my appointment-  she was running late for work. Pedicure - what a joke.  They dont have actual pedicure tubs.  My feet were put in a water basin on the floor while I sat in an horribly stiff chair.  The "nail tech" talked NON-STOP about herself and then out of the blue she brought up the topic of HERPES.  I have never been more horrified in my life. After my visit (which was pre-paid by my boyfriend) I sent the manager a letter.. detailing every horrible detail.  I received no response.  I called, left a message.  No response.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS DIRTY RUN DOWN HELL HOLE.
I stayed here in March 2012 with a groupon.  The area was completely charming, the scenery was beautiful, and the customer service was great.  Our room overlooked the river and was larger than our city apartment.  The bed was comfortable and I enjoyed the sound machine in the room.  The hotel itself was very quiet.  We took advantage of the spa and got a couples massage, which was great. It was a little further from Niagara Falls than I had imagined, but since we had rented a car it wasn't an issue.  Overall, a great spot.
Barry decided we were going for an overnight in Niagara on the Lake.  What do you do when every decent B & B and hotel in NOTL is booked?  Research!  We've watched this Hotel in Lewiston being built for the last couple of years and it looked really nice - pretty stone building on the corner across from The Silo & Waterstreet Landing.  Barry researches said new Hotel on the internet.  Said new hotel has whilpool tubs! (I'm spoiled when it comes to hotel BR's)  Rooms looked beautiful, hotlel looked beautiful.  SCORE!!  He booked some package totaling $438.00 - Superior room - (king bed, fireplace, flat screen, etc.) includes a couples massage, dinner at the Waterstreet Landing with a bottle of wine (total dinner limit $150.00) AND a complimentary bottle of champagne.  SCORE!!  I mean, that's a deal. 1PM MAYsagge.  The Spa is located across the street in a re-habbed biker bar.  Quaint.  Strange though, we were guided to "The relaxation room" in our street clothes to fill out our info. sheet rather than change into some comfy robe first...they gave us a small glass of water and we waited for 20 minutes.  Finally our masseuses showed up.  I got Nick and Barry got Patty.  Both friendly.  We went up a staircase and were shown to a small room w/ 2 tables.  "undress, put your clothes in these baskets.  Knock knock, they return and mayssages begin.  Very nice.  Too much attention to arms and legs though.  What good is the questionnaire and short interview as to what we are looking for?  HELLO, rub my back!!!  Nonetheless, they were good and me loves the heated tables and tingly oil - even if it got all in my hair... CHECK IN:  Beautiful Lobby.  Cheap ass peeling paint front doors perhaps purchased at a fire sale. 2 young women at 2 tables.  One checks us in, but it's US asking all the questions.  "Are there cork screws in the rooms, which way to the elevator?"  "We can certainly send you up a cork screw."  We leave and get some beers bar food at Steelhead.  Return, no corkscrew.  Call desk for ice bucket and corkscrew.  40 minutes pass.  knock on door.  Kid with bucket and ice and corkscrew.  I ask" is ther an ice machine on theis floor?"  Kid says: "No, I'm your ice machine."  OKAAYYYYY...  Apparantly this is the ONLY wine opener in the entire 82 room hotel and he wants me to come down to the lobby and return it.  OKAYYYYYY.  Me:  "Hey meanwhile, while I decant my magnum of Fetzer Chard., can you fill this trash can with ice - (come on - I'm ingenious!) then when you come back up I'll give back this prized possession cork screw back."  Ok, that worked.  So, Barry and I are hanging out in the room and he notices the fireplace is completely cockside - he could actually pull it out of the crooked cut drywall.  The windows were floor to ceiling - no grates on the outside, no screens = safety!  He finds some clipped copper wiring near the bed, the bathroom door hung wrong, paint on the walls looked like my 8 year old had the roller in her hand...some strange cheap grate hung upside down covering the air conditioner - I mean it was BIZARRE.  How do you build a luxury hotel in such a SHOTTY and I MEAN SHOTTY way???  The floors and walls, ceilings are all uneven!!  The trim is all rough, new spa they are building next door looks like it couldn't pass code...you have to see it to believe it.   Dinner at Waterstreet:  Place was packed.  My calamari was good, dipping sauce consisted of Hellman's mixed with Franks hot sauce.  Barry got shrimp cocktail - can't screw that up.  I ordered stuffed tenderloin with beet risotto.  Tenderloin was good.  Risotto wasn't cooked enough.  Barry's prime rib was good, mashed was cold...he didn't complain - we were having a good time.  We went over out $150.00 budget with the bottle of Stags Leap.  I still like Waterstreet. I WANT to like Barton Hill.  I WANT it to be successful, but when breakfast time came around, the girl came up and said: "usually we have a breakfast buffet, but not today.  "We have eggs and bacon."  You can help yourself to coffee, juice and PASTERIES (which I noticed there weren't any when we arrived (figuring they were replenishing) Barry ordered scrambled, I ordered over easy.  Both inedible.  Barrys looked like the cook scrambled the eggs in with the bacon grease and mine were greasy and the yolks were flavorless. Some other "Hostess" or whatever she is came over to clear.  I ask:  "the other girl said we could go up to the buffet for pasteries...are there any?"  "Hostess" says with her eyes glaring at the "buffet" table:  "WELL, THERE AREN'T ANY PASTERIES ON THE BUFFET TABLE, SO I GUESS NOT, NO THERE AREN'T ANY FOR YOU." Did I mention, no newspaper, hotel guide, mini bar, turn down service, iron, closet - oh wait, yes, there is a closet except the door to the closet is locket shut by a drywall screw thru the jamb and it was never finished. Hello Barton Hill, Goodbye Barton Hill.  Sad.
Who woulda thunk to go to Lewiston? But there I was. And this hotel was fantastic. It's about 2 years old, but built to look like it's in an older building (at least in the interior). One of the staff told us that when the hotel was built, that made it 2 elevators in the entire town. Yep, it's a small town. The hotel is pretty much right on the river (technically a street away, but you feel like you're right there), so the view is nice. There is a spa in a building across the street, but we didn't check it out. Their fitness center is still not up and running, though. The staff (who play valet, bell desk, front desk all at the same time) are very friendly and helpful. The rooms themselves are very nice. Beds are comfy, linens feel good, bathrooms are spacious. There is a continental "breakfast" in the lobby in the mornings, but really just a few scones, various loaves, and muffins plus coffee. Not really much to it, but tasty nonetheless. We came to Lewiston because we wanted to see the falls and Lewiston is VERY CLOSE to the falls. We almost stayed across the border in Niagara Falls, Ontario, but after going to Niagara Falls, Ontario, I was glad we didn't. That place is a cuppa depresso. However, excellent views of the falls. The Barton Hill Hotel & Spa is a much better (although probably much pricier) option.
I hate to have to post a bad review. I really was rooting for this place... There were definitely pros and cons. My boyfriend and I decided to take a long weekend for our anniversary in January. We started off our weekend exhausted from our 7 hour drive from Philly. After taking in the falls (which were GORGEOUS in the winter), we retreated to our hotel room to check in. The room was FREEZING! Absolutely frigid. We couldn't take our jackets off for at least an hour until we finally figured out how to work the fireplace heater. You would think they would have the rooms semi-heated. My boyfriend and I took our beer and headed to the shower to warm up. Little did we know.. the shower would be as cold as the Niagara river... It was AWFUL! The rest of the weekend I washed myself in the sink because it was the only source of warm water. The towels I tried to snuggle and warm up in were worn out and old looking. Then the beautiful King sized bed... I loved it. It was comfortable. BUT the pillows had stains on them!!!! Being too tired to complain, we just throw out the ones that were gross and fell asleep. That morning I specifially asked the front desk to change our towels and pillow cases. When I got back up there later the pillows were placed back on the bed and still covered in stains! Come on - simple request... just write it down! Don't even get me started on our second and last night there. A group of couples were staying in the room next door. We're a young couple so we didn't care when they said they were having a small cocktail hour. That cocktail hour turned into an all night frat party. People jumping off sofas, screaming outside their window... it was a NIGHTMARE! When I called the front desk at around 11 they said they would call the room. When nothing had changed an hour later I called again and they said that no one answered... so WHY DIDN"T YOU TRY TO GO UP THERE IMMEDIATELY. Still.. an hour later no changes. When I called again he said that he just saw a few intoxicated people leaving so that should be the end of it but I knew what I was hearing next door. Finally at about 2 in the morning the noises stopped... with no help from the front desk. The place was beautiful. I liked the breakfast of eggs and pastries (which most people complained about). And the staff was very polite (but kind of incompetent...). I would love to stay there again but I will make sure to complain a little louder if things are bugging me.
I stayed here for a "staycation." This property is truly wonderful. The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the area. My room was very spacious, the bed was comfortable, clean bathroom and priceless view of the river. I can't wait to go back.
Well, we left the Canadien side of Niagara Falls, and went to the American Side. YUCK to say the least!  But, then decided to put Lewiston in the GPS. I had seen Barton Hill on line while trying to schedule our Anniversary get away, but by accident, drove right to the water front and there it was!  We did not have reservations, but they were so gracious and accomodating! The room was adorable with a queen size bed! Quiet, great fireplace, Wi-fi connection and a TV for my husband. The breakfast the next morning was AMAZING!! The "egglets" were from heaven. The girl that over saw the room, was a VERY hard worker and again, made sure we were happy and well. Come to find out from the owner, it is the Chef's wife! Love that families work there! The owner was gracious and held the door on our way out.  I did keep the card with her info, but do not have it here with me.  I would stay here again, but want to do it in the summertime as well!!  The veranda looks very inviting!!
Living social provided this deal, not sure if it was worth it but honestly from the pics it looked charming! It was cute, a hotel from the 1920s. The price per night is a little ridiculous and if we didn't get the spa voucher and the $$ for the casino it would not be worth the cost.  Upon entrance of our room we saw we got a river view, LOVED THAT.  The fireplace looked nice however it didn't do much as far as ambiance because it was fake.  So I would have given 4 stars if the following didn't occur in the first few moments of entering our room.  Our duvet cover had stains on it, and there was no duvet in it.  It was weird.  We called and they brought us up the new duvet cover and we had to put it together ourselves. During that exact time the toilet handle broke... Had to have that fixed.  The room was fairly clean however looking in the shower I  was tempted to put on flip flops. The staff was fine, not much on smiles that is for sure.  The town is cute and charming loved that. The spa was a joke and charged WAY TOO MUCH. No robes,over priced,loud staff in the hallway, and my massage therapist was below par.  For $110 you would expect something better.   There is so much potential with this hotel just wish the staff knew that.  Oh almost forgot, it is so close to Niagara Falls and other state parks! We also LOVED the casino, worth the trip.  If you can overlook certain things which we did we had a nice time! Perfect for a 2 day getaway!
The masseuse at the Spa was very good. I slept like a baby that night. I would have given it 5 stars had they had a steam bath and or sauna facility. May do the weekend package next time.
We didn't stay at the hotel, but did get a couples therapeutic message for our first anniversary. Our masseuses were really great, perfect pressure and the room was very relaxing. Mary was a really great masseuse, and highly recommend her if you like getting every knot out of your back! A little pricey, but gift certificates certainly helped.
We checked into the hotel and received great service in terms of friendly people and offers of ideas and resources. However, 30 minutes later I changed into my pajamas (we arrived late) and a few minutes after that our hotel room door suddenly opened and a man in jeans and a t-shirt looked at us and said "sorry" and left. I immediately called the front desk and told them what happen. They said they would look into it and call me back. Was this another guest with a key to our room??? An employee?? Why wouldn't someone knock? Why were they coming in? They could have seen us naked, etc. THIRTY minutes later I called the front desk back because I wanted to know what was going on - did we need to have the room key changed? The girl told me that it was a maintenance worker that thought the room was empty. I told her I didn't understand. Why didn't he knock first? Why wouldn't you give them accurate lists so things like that wouldn't happen. Not once did she apologize or anything. When I asked her these questions again she told me to hold for the manager. She set the phone down and told the manager what happen. Manager picks up phone, says she's the owner as well, explains that it was her son who is also an employee and was doing "quality control" and checking shower curtains and shower heads. I point out again that he didn't knock, I could have been naked, and that the girl said she would call me back to tell me who it had been - but never did. The owner FINALLY apologized. I pointed out to her that the other girl hadn't even apologized. Owner said she was sorry, asked to make it up to me, said she would send a bottle of wine up (I did NOT ask for it as we don't even drink wine) and she said she would send it up the next night because I had already said I wanted to go to sleep when we checked in. She did make excuses about how busy things were because of a weekend event in the town. The next night - no bottle of wine. Again - we don't even drink wine, so I didn't want it - but my issue is how poor the customer service was, and that she would actually ask to "make it up to us" and do nothing. If it weren't for those issues - the hotel was nice. There were little things I noticed, but I would have returned to the hotel despite those little things. Good things: Shower was huge. Shower head and water pressure were nice. Restaurants and shops within walking distance. Our view was nice - the river and Canada. Half of the towels were very nice (see below.) Sheets and pillows comfortable. Huge bed. Like the historical feel. Bad things (besides issue above): No fans in the bathroom. Fireplace makes a very loud and strange sound for about 2-3 minutes while warming up. Mirror over the bathroom sink is angled down so I had to put a wash cloth behind the bottom corner to angle it so I could actually see myself properly. Walls and ceiling were thin - we could hear people walking around and door closing. No peep hole in the door. There was a large gap at the bottom of the door (at least an inch between the door and the floor). No bolt/metal latch to flip over the door to lock it closed like most hotels have. Remote controls were confusing and didn't work - or it would take 5 minutes after the buttons were pushed for something to turn on or off (literally speaking for the heater/fan). Not sure what the issue was with the towels - the first day the towels were very soft and nice, the second day they were rough and obviously different towels - although the hand towels were soft the second day and had been rough the first day. No book like traditional hotels have - with information about nearby restaurants, room service or other features, hotel rules (like check out) etc. Again - I would have returned to this hotel if I could actually feel #1 safe that people wouldn't just walk into my hotel room at any moment without knocking and #2 that employees had common courtesy and customer service skills to apologize when something does go wrong and #3 fake apologizes and promises to "make it up to" us weren't given. Horrible customer service will turn me away every time and I will not return to this hotel the next time we return.
It does not go without notice that The Barton Hill Hotel and Spa in Lewiston, New York is an exquisite establishment, paying much attention to detail and customer needs.  Because of my incredible experience, I decided that it is only right to spend quite some time reviewing such a wonderful hotel. Here, I will review the hotel, including the customer service, rooms, and dining, the spa, location, and my overall experience. Traveling from Long Island, NY during the wintertime, I expected the trip to take a minimum of 10 hours. Much to my surprise, we arrived in town at 12PM. Check-in is usually at 4PM, but I called to see if they could possibly allow us to check-in a little early, even just one or two hours, and spend the other few hours exploring the town. A delightfully cheerful young woman informed me that there was no need to try and find ways to "kill some time" before check-in, because the room was ready for our arrival!  Before I even walked into the hotel, I already knew the customer service was superb! This trend continued over the next few days, with each staff member, and even the owner, making sure that I was completely comfortable and happy during my stay at the hotel. Whether it be holding open doors, or quite literally running to get our car from the  underground valet parking lot, the staff pays meticulous attention to customer satisfaction! My party and I booked a spa appointment for that evening, which was much needed after a long day on the road! We unpacked, slipped into comfortable clothing, and made our way down to the spa--located off of the lobby on the first floor. After passing through the double doors, I was immediately taken aback by the smell of relaxing aromas. Coupled with the tranquil environment, I knew I was in for a treat of a lifetime! We were greeted by a smiling young woman who quickly checked us in, handed us forms to fill out, and offered us beverages. Not long after, the aesthetician, Karen Cross--who is quite possibly the friendliest woman I ever had the pleasure of meeting, introduced herself and promptly brought me to my treatment room. She was undoubtedly professional and an expert at her work. I don't remember the last time I have ever been so relaxed! Over the remaining days, we booked more appointments because of how great the spa was the first night. By the end of my last treatment, I had received the Rose Mud Body Wrap, the Therapeutic Massage, and the Pure Sea Salt Body Scrub. My muscles were relaxed, my skin was baby-soft, my stress was lifted, and I was in the best mood that I had been in in years! Every spa worker--Karen, Becky, Ramona, Colin, etc., helped to make my spa retreat better than I ever could have imagined. Thank you all so much! There aren't enough words to describe how truly grateful I am for each and every one of you! My party and I stayed in the King Retreat--Riverview room. This, too, exceeded our wildest expectations! Located on the fourth floor, and facing the Niagara River, it was the perfect accommodation for a spa getaway. The bed was unimaginably comfortable and spacious, as was the bathroom and shower. The room was even equipped with a fireplace! It kept the entire room warm and added wonderful ambience during both the day and night. The TV was placed directly above it, and is placed on a swivel stand to allow the guests to watch TV while in bed. Everything about the room was made with the guest in mind. The best feature, however, has to be the wonderful views of the Niagara river--particularly at sunset. Talk about a peaceful location! Wow! Overall, the rooms are comfortable, clean, relaxing, and beautiful! I couldn't have asked for more! We dined at the hotel two of the three nights that we were there. We enjoyed it so much the first night that we made a second reservation the next morning. I can't begin to describe how amazing the food was! The first night, we ordered bruschetta as an appetizer, chicken pot pie as an entree, and the creme brûlée as a dessert. The portion sizes were enough for three! Needless to say we didn't finish, and instead of wasting the food, the waitress, Mary, offered to put our food in the kitchen refrigerator. All we had to do was walk down the next day and ask for it! See what I mean about the customer service? It's great! The following night, we decided to split our meal and only ordered one serving of spinach and artichoke dip and beef stew. Everything was so delicious!  Even the presentation was fantastic! Unbelievable! I highly recommend dining in at least one night while you're there! You won't regret it! Within only a few hours of arriving at Lewiston, I completely fell in love with the town. It's incredibly quaint and charming, lined with boutiques, art shops, wine and liquor stores, pubs, and fine dining. Out of curiosity, we wished to explore real estate in the area. Without even asking, the staff ran off to make copies of maps, and the owner and her son even explained the local area. I
I really wanted to like this hotel, but I can't rate it well. There's really no attention to detail to justify the price. I've paid more for less though...
We absolutely loved it. Beautiful hotel with charm and character. Very clean rooms. Friendly staff. Charming town. We will be returning!
