One of the best steakhouse in Rochester. Tournedos Steakhouse has a pretty large menu for both steak and seafoods. Some of their finest steak are dry-aged, well cooked, and their service is average.   Reservation is not really necessary, but it's good to call incase. Ordered: ~28oz Dry-Aged Porterhouse Steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…) ~Clams Casino (yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…) ~Caesar Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…) ~Came with Free Butter/Olive oil for the breads (yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…) ~Water (yelp.com/biz_photos/tour…) I have no idea why I ordered the Caesar Salad at a restaurant like this, last time I had it was like two years ago I've believe. As for the steak, it's not the best steak that I ever had, but it's definitely the best steak in Rochester. Water are $5 per bottle... never in my life, had ever been to a restaurant that charge me for water. Overall the atmosphere is great. 5/5 Stars, only in Rochester.
Four of us to celebrate birthdays.  The decor is understated and elegant.  What was really nice was that it was quiet enough to talk easily.  Service was excellent, the pace of the meal perfect.  Three of us had steaks and they were all cooked exactly as requested, tender and just delicious.  The fourth meal was a perfectly prepared salmon We shared four sides and you could easily make a meal of just sides.   We lingered over brandy and coffee and we were never made to feel rushed.   One of the best restaurants in Rochester, though some may say it's pricey, it's a winner all around.
Tournedos is one of the finest restaurants in Rochester. Should you want to impress out of town friends, that new girlfriend, or just have a really great random evening give Tournedos a try. The setting is dark and the ambiance is fine dining-esque. Prices are some of the highest in the Rochester metro area, so be prepared. But they aren't overwhelming, in a larger city these prices would be typical for a steakhouse. The food is excellent. Sides are a la carte and can be shared as they are plentiful. I only eat Filet mignon and Tournedos provides the best I have ever tried in Rochester.  The wine selection is one of the finest in Rochester with some hard to find bottles and one of the few places in Rochester I found a Barbera from Sonoma. (A bottle hard to find anywhere but Sonoma!) You wont be sent awry if you visit Tournedos. Don't go on a holiday as everyone and their brother takes their significant other there, try it on a random Tuesday, there will be few there and service will be superb. I can also recommend their lunch, its an affordable alternative for those that are cost effective.
Pricey, very good steak house. The waitstaff seem to be some of the best trained I've seen in Rochester. The place is really nice, good atmosphere, classy. I've eaten here several times and this was my least favorite, which is why there's only a 4 star rating. She got the fillet, medium well and it was WAY overcooked. Like, just completely gray and dry. We didn't say anything, just annoying that I finally bring her here and that happens. My salmon was grilled and seasoned great. However, it was served pretty rare. Salmon is my favorite sushi so I have no problem eating it as raw as it comes but they grilled it skin side up and never flipped it so half the salmon was cooked perfectly and half was really kind of slimy in my opinion. I also hate when they leave the skin on, which I know is preferred by many of you. In any case, had they flipped it, I think I would have enjoyed it more, although I didn't love the sauce it was served in. Enough being picky. What did I like? The martinis were excellent, she had a glass of wine that blew her doors off, the garlic brussels sprouts were amazeballs; they were tiny, extremely tender, served in a butter garlic sauce. The fresh warm bread and garlic infused oil was delicious and hard not to eat and we were able to order a half order of the truffle butter mashed potatoes, which was incredible and FYI was about the same size as the full order of sprouts. Oh yeah, the sides are a la carte and served family style. I had a decent caesar salad that I'd order again. Her salad (both a la carte) was nothing special but very nice. The bananas foster was delicious. Classy place, extremely professional well trained waiters and a overall a really nice experience.
Our Valentine's experience was out-of-this-world!  One downside: so was the bill.   We opted in for the Tournedos prix fixe $100 four-course dinner on Valentine's Day.  With tax, tip, and (nearly their cheapest) bottle of wine, we hit an even $300.  Everything -- the food, the service, the ambiance -- everything was perfect (which is a good thing, because otherwise I would have been irate at that price).   From the moment we pulled into the parking lot, we were treated like kings.  Complimentary valet parking, complimentary coat check, oh, you're fifteen minutes early?  No problem, right this way.  The room was dim and the tables were f-a-r apart, not the sardine-like mess I've become accustomed to on Valentine's Day.  And when a couple left, it was twenty or thirty minutes before another was sat; a sure sign the maitre d' graciously padded reservations.   Our server was superb. She was hilarious but not obnoxious, knew the menu like the back of her hand, was close by when we needed her, and left us alone when we didn't -- an oh-so-important but often-overlooked aspect of excellent service!  The meal was well-paced with ample time between courses -- which is a very good thing, because otherwise I would have been far too stuffed for dessert. As for the food... Apps:  We started with a crab cake and calamari.  I'd recommend either; each was among the best I've ever had. Salads:  Mike had the goat cheese / almond / mustard vinaigrette; I had the field greens / balsamic -- again, delicious, delicious.   Mains:  My medium rare filet was cooked perfectly.  I didn't love how charred it was (personal taste).  Mike's medium rare plus (yes, he's one of those people ... and the waitress totally acted like it was no big deal) rib eye received rave reviews.  But the star of the evening was ... Sides:  The brussel sprouts were the best I've ever had.  Delicious.  Any other night, I'd have gorged myself on them.  But not tonight.  Tonight, I ate five.  Because I was saving every cubic milimeter of stomach space for OMG THE MAPLE BOURBON SWEET POTATOES OMG.  Seriously, they transcended the sweet potato genre.  And the maple syrup genre.  And the food genre.  (Warning:  if you don't have a sweet tooth, you might not like them.  I have absolutely no idea what people without sweet tooths might like.) After the main course, I never wanted to see food again, I was so full.  Which is why it's such a good thing that our waitress let us sit in trippy happy sweet potato bliss for probably half an hour before asking for our dessert orders. Dessert:  My creme brulee was very good -- I ate every bite.  Mike's whatever-he-got was also delicious.  But really, I should have just asked for more sweet potatoes... Unless I come into some fast cash, I probably won't return to Tournedos on Valentine's Day again -- $300 is just a bit more than I'd like to pay.  But I'm glad I did it once, and I will remember those sweet potatoes until I die.
Definitely on my list of places to take person(s) you want to impress. From the valet parking, to the interior of the hotel lobby, the hostess, waitstaff, the interior...pretty much every aspect of dinner here was high fallutin but not obnoxious and definitely worth the pricetag. I suppose getting reservations is recommended, but the place was maybe 1/4 full on a Thursday evening. It's dimly lit, classy and versatile for many occasions. You could take coworkers here, visiting parents/relatives, a hot date, whatever. Its not noisy like some of the other high end choices out there so you can actually hear people at your table w/o shouting. The bread was fantastic; warm and served with whipped butter and olive oil! I had an arugla salad to start off with and went with the 8 oz tenderloin filet as an entree. For the a la carte sides we got some of the market veggies which was zucchini/squash in a spicy tomato sauce. Everything was delicious. That said, I was probably the least impressed with my filet. It was good, but I wish I had gone with one of the dry aged choices like the strip or the rib eye. Toward the end of dinner I overheard another waiter recommending to his table getting one of the bone-in dry aged steaks they have for maximum flavor...too little too late. The bourbon sweet potatoes are a must; don't ignore them just because they are at the bottom of the menu! This is also a great place for pre-RPO dinner if you are not feeling Golden Port or Max of Eastmans
Best steak I have had. Not much more than that needed- awesome food One thing I will criticize. Great wine list, great food- but the beer selection of a crappy dive. Not one beer worth drinking. This should be embarrassing for management/owner. This doesn't make much sense to me besides Maybe ignorance? Idk. I'll let it slide because the food was so awesome.
I have to apologize ahead of time: This is a gushy, love letter of a review. I just can't help myself. You've been warned.   I love Tournedos. It may even be my favorite restaurant in Rochester. I cannot express enough how much I love this place. I've had many, many wonderful meals at Tournedos and have even hosted a small party (16 people) in one of their private rooms, the Parlour. The restaurant is located at the Inn on Broadway, a gorgeous old hotel. In addition to it being a beautiful building with warm, rich, comfortable decor, they also have wonderful food (delicious and beautiful to behold) and an awesome staff. Usually when I go there I stick to their beef because they are a phenomenal steakhouse. It's always perfectly cut, aged, seasoned and prepared. They cook it exactly as you request it (e.g. "rare, medium, well-done"). I actually live quite close by to Tournedos and go frequently enough though to have tasted plenty of their other fare and can say that everything is great...the steak is just mind-blowing. Tournedos is a great place to take friends or to have a romantic date. It is an impressive and comfy place to take business associates (it's quiet enough to have a conversation over dinner). It is a great place to host a party (the staff is super supportive and their attention to detail preparing for your event is stellar--Becky Kopf helped me to plan my event in the parlour). I love their desserts. I love the loungey bar area. I love the ballroom. I love the vallet parking. I love the gorgeous entry into the building!!!! I'm even taking my mother there for Mother's Day brunch this year. In summary: Tournedos, Marry Me.
Thanks to Breanna for the review of this place.  I wanted to thank some friends for helping me move, so I needed a place to take them that was beyond the ordinary pizza and wings.  After twisting their arms I got them to agree to Tournedos.  The place was phenomenal, the lounge, the lobby, the coat check girl.... wow.  The menu was great because although its a steak house the lunch menu covers soup, salads and apps.... oh my wow the apps!   I had the Kobe burger and ... wait for it..... THOSE ONION RINGS!!!!  Have you had the onion rings.... you gotta try the onion rings!  I also had the seafood salad, and I must say i finished the entire thing well not the burger and rings by that time I was feeling a bit well.... full.... LOL. We skipped on desert only because the meal was so fulfilling but trust me, next trip I will have that apple strudel gooey ooey thingy ..... I am still laughing.  Oh and the little take out bags in black and gold...... Outstanding!  I would recommend this place to those of you who are tired of getting greasy flat burgers with no taste or flavor ..(waves at Wendy's, Burger King and McDonald's) ha ha!
Decadent and hearty, Tournedos offers quite the menu of meats and seafoods, it's hard to choose an order du jour. Clearly steak was top of my mind. I can't resist a filet when it's on the menu. It calls out for me: "Breanna, order me! Pick me! My seared, succulent filet is a simple pleasure." Yes. Yes, it is. Filet, you fail me not. My last visit, I ordered the Syrah, French Onion Soup and the 8 oz Filet. Shared at the center of the table was the freshest of bread I've consumed at a restaurant. Still warm as if handed to us straight from the oven, I was almost completely satisfied with just that dipped in seasoned olive oil or with a schmear of whipped butter. On top of that, the scrumptious broth in the onion soup was by far my favorite of the meal. Although the cheese was slightly overpowering, I never mind such a thing. Along with my filet, I shared a few bites of the mac and cheese. The filet cut like butter. Perfectly seared and seasoned. It was a subtle flavor of salt and pepper, allowing for the meat to take the forefront. Surely, I left satisfied. It was a quiet night at the restaurant - a welcome change from the normal hustle and bustle during a dinner rush. It's very comfortable and intimate in the dining room, and reminds me of being on vacation in a cozy lodge in the mountains, which is strange since Tournedo's is in the heart of East End/Downtown. I can't recall if there's a fireplace there, but the ambiance gives off that vibe.
high dollar steaks.....great ala carte......average décor. bring your wallet.
Theres nothing all that new or exciting about steak house fare, which makes it that much more impressive when its done well.  Tournedos absolutely nailed it. First, all their steaks are dry aged in house.  Dry aged beef makes the supermarket stuff seem like eating styrofoam. My bone in rib eye was cooked perfectly to medium rare, nice crust on the outside warm and bloody on the inside.  Steaks are served with your choice of Tournedos house steak sauce, bearnaise and bordelaise sauce, not that they need it, and each sauce was delicious.   Their baked crab cake is one of the best I've ever had.  I liked their seafood bisque, which had generous pieces of lobster, lump crab (not the imitation garbage), scallop and shrimp, was very nice, but I prefer Horizon's lobster bisque. All sides are a la carte.  The creamed spinach and mashed sweet potato were both excellent.  Even the bread basket is done well, coming with a roasted garlic infused olive oil.  I could have eaten it with a spoon.  I was not really interested in dessert, but the few bites I had of their bananas foster were very good. The dining room is very comfortable and the service is highly attentive and professional.  Definitely a great place to go when someone else is paying.
Large portions.  Elegant dining.  Great quality selection of meat.
Overall an excellent experience - the service, decor and of course the food.  I love filet and that is exactly what I ordered.  It was really good but I do have to say I've had better.  That said, I may be somewhat picky having had some amazing steak when I lived in Chicago.  The wine we ordered (can't recall the type) was very good and so was the dessert.  The service was fantastic, just what you'd expect from a high end steakhouse.  I would definitely go back and may venture away from steak to try other things on the menu.  This place, and I feel steakhouses in general, is a fun place to go with a bunch of friends and partake in an evening of gluttony :).
Took my mom here for her retirement dinner.  My brother had his wedding at the Inn and we were very pleased with the food there so we were expecting nothing less.  By far this is the best meal I have had in Rochester.  There were 6 in our party.  We all ordered the filet.  Mouthwatering.  We each ordered a side dish.  The portions are huge and we all shared sides.  Service was top notch!  Not a place we will go frequently because it is pricey, but will definitely be back on another special occasion.
Incredible !  also see my review of Good Luck The hotel was also superb. Hosted a gathering of 17 friends and family to celebrate the life of my aunt and attend her memorial service. Everything was flawless....from the first phone contact...to the last plate being removed from the table. Couldn't have made things any easier on me. Probably the best steak I have ever had...and a consensus around the table of some very sophisticated and discerning guests. Several menus at different price points were offered.  I decided to go with the more expensive of the options which was around $100 per person, which included a couple of glasses of wine AND gratuity.  The menu choices were first class...in  house dry aged steaks....escargot en -croute.... multiple choices over 5 courses.  The desert was amazing and served in an edible chocolate bowl ! A perfect evening....and I get all the credit !  Thanks staff at The Inn. These people were on it....and I cannot recommend this place enough !
Marvelous destination restaurant serving dry aged steaks in the Inn on Broadway boutique hotel, about 1/2 mile from downtown in the East-end Theatre District. Mesclun Salad with mixed greens and fruit was simply scrumptious (pic uploaded) While all other diners ordered steak and loved their dishes, I ordered the sea food special of Panko Crusted Sea Bass. Perfectly cooked (pic uploaded). Service was attentive for our group of 18. Tip:  Downtown hotels run courtesy shuttles to and from the restaurant. With wine and tax and tip, the cost is at least $100 per person, and can be much more with appetizer and dessert.
Me and my boyfriend wanted to go to an extra fancy restaurant and decided on Tournedo's. We were nervous about finding parking, but they have a lot so that's not an issue, they also have valet. We walked into a historical building. Right from the start, we were immediately welcomed. They have a coat room, where they check in your coat. We were seated in a beautiful mafia booth. We were offered water to start, and they had like 6 different varieties of water, so I was immediately impressed. I was let down by the minimum selection of glasses of wine they provided. I really enjoy a full bodied, really dry red wine and they had all light-medium bodied wines. But they give you a really big glass, so that helped make up for my disappointment. We ordered the carpaccio and french onion soup. Both were sooo delicious! It's so hard to find carpaccio in Rochester and this one was spectacular! The only thing I would've liked to see is arugula in the middle to enhance the flavor of the beef, instead it was served with a spring mix salad with italian dressing. No complaints at all about the soup! I ordered the pork chops for my entree because I've never really found a porkchop that I enjoyed and I figured that if someone could make a good porkchop, it would be this place. It was delicious! Though, I was too full from the carpaccio to eat my meal. My boyfriend ordered the 3 beef tenderloins cooked 3 three different ways. OMG - GET THIS!! It comes with huge pieces of lobster in a bernaisse sauce - which is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Our bill didn't end up being that much - and the food was well worth it. THE ENTIRE STAFF WAS MAGNIFICENT! If we get rich and wealthy, we will definitely be coming back!
Likely one of the best steakhouses in Rochester. I have loved almost everything I've tried, but I must say that if you're going for steak, go for the dry aged. My first time there I made the mistake of ordering the filet, which is what I usually order at steakhouses. My boyfriend on the other hand went for the dry aged t-bone. Let's just say I was extremely jealous of his entree that night as I continually mooched pieces of his steak from his plate =). Other than steak, their Brussels sprouts are perfectly roasted with bits of heavenly caramelized goodness. The steak carpaccio is "OK", but not my favorite, but they get points for creativity as they serve it rolled in fresh mozzarella... which is rather interesting... I mean is that really carpaccio? I felt like mozzarella and generous amounts of seasonings drowned out the actual beef itself. Like I said - creative, but it wasn't what I was expecting when ordering carpaccio. Another fun fact - the seafood is flown in fresh from Hawaii daily. I've only ever had the tuna from ordering tuna tartare, oysters and other seafood appetizers because every time I think about ordering something different as an entree I change my mind last minute and go for the dry aged steak again. It's just that good. Tournedos offers an extensive wine list as well for all you fellow winos out there. The service is excellent. Your chair is pulled out for you, silverware is replaced as you use it, and the servers are very knowledgeable and offer fab suggestions. The atmosphere is somewhat geriatric, but nonetheless classic, refined, and perfect for a romantic date night.
I have been fortunate enough to eat at  some incredible places. But this had to be one of the best meals I have ever had. Ambiance: Perfect. Walking into the door you know you are about to be treated to class. From the heavy white table cloths to the find table service this is the setting you want to enjoy a fine meal in. Not only are the booths large and comfortable but the floor plan allows for a element of privacy in public. Service: Excellent. Not only did our waitress have excellent suggestions but our plates were cleared away promptly, water and drinks were kept full and our silverware was replaced as needed. When you are eating out one of the most important elements of the experience are the people facilitating your meal and the servers here know exactly how to do so. Food: The seasoning and presentation are used to specifically bring your attention to the freshness and quality of the food. Starting with the bread which is made daily in house and served with butter and a roasted garlic flavored olive oil. The crab cakes were light and simply dressed with each mouthful a medley of lightly dressed lump crab meat and a crisp coating. The crab cake with its spicy aioli was a meal in itself. The fried calamari was a huge serving of perfectly battered rings of squid cooked tender crisp and served with two dressing but perfect on their own. The seafood salad is a lightly dressed salad of crisp celery and a mountain of assorted seafood that carried a faint hint of lemon. The Tomato salad was perfectly presented with slices of ripe tomato and fresh mozzarella dressed with a basil pesto. Now the sides are large and perfect for sharing. The french fries are battered and fried crisp. Battered fries are always delicious. The seasonal root vegetables are lightly seasoned and a mix of the best fall has to offer in every bite.  The sweet potato mash was as smooth as cream and lighter then any I have before with a  kick of maple bourbon that made me want to slap someones momma. It was that good. And the Brussel sprouts were ridiculously good. If they sold these at concession stand america would give up french fries. Crisp and rich they had none of the bitterness you usually associate with this diminutive cousin of the cabbage. I know this is a steak house and there is nothing like dry aged steak but I went for a lighter fare this time. My friends had the Ahi that had been flown in fresh but I had the portabello sandwich. I have this secret love of mushrooms that isn't so secret. The bread was fresh and warm, the dressing creamy, the mushroom and tomato combination was so good I kept eating after my appetite gave up and my stomach waved a white flag. Okay maybe it didn't wave a white flag but it nearly did. The dessert was a lovely cart full of goodies brought out to tempt overly full dinners. I couldn't eat another bite .. so what did I do? Ordered cheesecake to go and eat it a few hours later in the airport. I got more then a few jealous looks as I moaned and ahhed over the creamy texture and rich flavor of the amaretto cheesecake. It was so good I contemplated missing my flight to return for second. Price: You get what you pay for. Honestly the prices are on par with most upscale restaurant's I have been to so the bill wasn't a shocker. If I lived closer this would be a frequent stop.
Very quiet, relaxed atmosphere, knowledgeable, attentive staff that know how to attend to a table, and great food.  Incredibly fresh, warm, crusty bread served with seasoned olive oil and two roasted garlic cloves...I wished there had been more, but seriously probably the best bread I've been served in Rochester.  I ordered beef carpaccio app.  Wife did not realize it was basically thinly sliced raw beef, so only sampled a bit.  I ate the rest and found it delicious.  Wife ordered the special salad with mixed greens and Maytag blue.  I had the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing.  Both were excellent.  We shared a great bottle of Rodney Strong Merlot, we took the rest with us we liked it so much.  She ordered filet and I ordered the 16 oz dry aged porterhouse.  This steak was great, crusty and salty exterior, and medium rare with red center.  Its not a cut I normally order, but I rarely order steak, it just seemed obligatory here.  My only complaint is there was a fair amount of cutting involved to get rid of the fat and bone, but that it just the nature of a porterhouse I suppose.  I thought it was a very good steak.  Wife enjoyed her filet but didn't think it was any better than we make at home.  Of course when you're paying $40 or $50 for a steak, you have high expectations.  We shared maple mashed sweet potatoes which were buttery and delicious, but too sweet for our taste and almost could have been a dessert.   Overall, very enjoyable, but super pricey.  One app, two salads, two steaks, sweet potatoes, bottle of wine and 20 percent tip was just over $200.  I would come back, but prob only for a special occasion.
Went to Tournedos after an afternoon at  Finger Lakes wineries. The wine list bears special mention as weak because of the lack of now exceptional New York Wines.  The had about 10 New York red wines listed, but  none more recent than 2008 and the first two we asked about were out. Upon asking why this was one of the staff said to me that the cooler temperatures in New York made producing good red wines impossible.  I was really shocked at that.  The fact is that temperatures in France and New York are very comparable.  In addition, cool climate viticulture is known to produces superior food wines.  High temperature areas like California have less acid in their wines and they are high alcohol (often exceeding 15%) and better appreciated when purely drinking them without food.  The wine list had extensive coverage of France, California and other non New World areas traditionally covered.   But with the location of this restaurant so close to many excellent Finger Lakes wineries this lack of coverage and the 70s attitude was very disappointing. As to the food, my Dry Aged Bone-in Rib Steak (Rib Eye) was ordered medium rare.  It came to me heavily charred.  It was slightly beyond medium rare. Proper cooking is to sear it as this produces mahogany color and sear but little or no charring. This was heavily charred like eating through a layer of charcoal.  The steak itself had gristle and was not a good cut of meat. Given that steak is the calling card of the location, I was pretty shocked at the quality of the meat cut.  I did try the house steak sauce because the charred meat needed to be covered up and the steak sauce, similar to a A-1, but not as spicy, was very good. All sides and salads are a la carte.  I ordered an arugula salad that was excellent, with walnuts, pears, blue cheese was fresh, and excellent.  I ordered a side of mushrooms that was also very good.   My dining companion ordered a trio of duck breast, filet mignon, and shrimp (2). This was very good. Ambiance was nice; white table cloths, wood floors.  The other serving staff was pleasant but no one seemed passionate about food.  The server was attentive and friendly. $127.00 for 2.
I went to Tournedos to celebrate my graduation from U of R about a week ago. I'd been there a few times before, and the food was always fantastic, but I'd never been since I stopped eating gluten. Well, my special diet was no problem at all for them. The waiter was very knowledgeable and aware of the ingredients in the dishes, and he was more than willing to check with the chef when there was any question. The conversations I had with my waiter even indicated that they were reading the labels on the ingredients in the back, which is an absolutely fantastic level of service that I rarely see. Dietary issues aside, the meal was fantastic. I started with the shrimp cocktail, which was a generous portion of the freshest, coldest, biggest shrimp I could have imagined. The cocktail sauce was just spicy enough, and they gave me an entire half of a lemon, which was way better than those dinky little wedges you get at some places. For dinner, I had the 8-oz. filet, which was simply the best steak I've eaten since last time I was at Tournedos (and I eat a lot of steak). We ordered two vegetables as sides to share, including an asparagus special with prosciutto and a hard cheese (romano?) shaved on top that was delicious. Finally, the waiter pushed up the dessert and cordial cart, and I thought, "oh, great, he's here to torture me! I won't be able to have anything!" But, instead, he smiled and informed me that there was not one, but FOUR different gluten-free dessert options! I had the chocolate flourless cake, which was melt-in-your-mouth amazing and easily the best one I've ever eaten. I stuck my spoon into the crème brûlée that my mom ordered, and it was also very good. Even the coffee was good, which is a rare find in restaurants when you drink it black. The atmosphere at Tournedos is also top-notch. The big leather booths are both attractive and very comfortable. The waitstaff are knowledgeable, friendly, and extremely professional. Really, where else can you go and get a hot towel to wipe your hands with after the main course anymore!? In conclusion, Tournedos was always my go-to steakhouse in Rochester, and clearly it's still the place to go. For the GF crowd, rest assured that they will prepare a delicious and safe meal for you. For everyone else, go for an amazing steak in a great atmosphere. I've eaten at a few steakhouses in my life, and no other has ever compared to Tournedos. I'm only sorry that I've graduated and have to leave Rochester now, and won't be able to go back anytime soon!
My wife and I have enjoyed dinner at Tornedos on more than one occasion, but our favorite times have been a pre-Eastman concert, or pre-Jazz Fest evening when we stopped in at Tornedos' bar/lounge for a cocktail and something from their bar menu. The bar/lounge is an elegant, warm, inviting, and conversation-friendly setting.  They are very generous with their martini and/or wine pours, with a very good selection of wines by-the-glass. This past Friday, the 24th, my wife chose the bar/lounge setting for a quiet birthday celebration, with our grown son and daughter.  A nice private table in the alcove provided a perfect spot for our small gathering, and though there were others in the room, there was none of the typical, downtown, friday-bar hub-bub.  We ordered from both the regular and bar menus.  Each of the burgers were cooked to perfection (medium rare) offering a juicy, flavorful treat.  As always, the frites were terrific.  i tried the calamari appetizer, for the first time, and found it to be excellent.  Can think of only one restaurant with calamari equal to this (Red Dove, in Geneva).  My glasses of Pinot Noir seemed a perfect match.  Our daughter could not stop talking about the steak on chopped salad.  The steak appeared perfectly cooked and she described it as delicious.  Altogether, a wonderfully memorable evening for each of us.  The wait staff, and the valet parking attendants, contributed greatly to our enjoyment. The following afternoon, as our son was preparing to return to Albany, he discovered his wallet missing.  A call to Tournedos provided a huge relief when they indicated that they had the wallet.  It was completely intact.  Just another reason why we can't wait for an excuse to return.
Wow. Valet parking. Amazing food. Just be prepared to pay for it! Dinner for 2 including drinks came to $180 with tip. Totally worth it for a special occasion!
By far, this is the best restaurant in Rochester. I've tried several different steakhouses in the Rochester area, and none of them compare to Tournedos. The service is excellent, the atmosphere is upscale (but not stuffy), and the menu is perfect. When you go, I highly recommend the crab cakes, because I promise that you will not find a better crab cake anywhere- not even in Baltimore. From there, you really can't go wrong, but I personally like the bone in rib steak. My girlfriend and I really like the mashed sweet potatoes or regular mashed potatoes as our sides, but we've also tried the macaroni and cheese and asparagus on different occasions. The desserts are all great, even though I'm usually too full to completely enjoy them. The menu is pricey, and you can probably expect to drop about $200, but if you're looking to celebrate a special occasion, you will not be disappointed.
WomanTours, Inc had our holiday dinner at Tournedos in the 'Library'....all I can say is WOW!!!  Everything was fabulous!
Clearly the best steakhouse in Rochester, maybe my favorite of all-time. Great cuts of dry-aged beef and terrific sides. Highly recommend the bone in ribeye. Wedge salad with blue cheese, onion rings and the best crab cakes- lump crab meat with lobster sauce. Service is attentive and setting at the Inn on Broadway is classic.
Hate to be negative, but this place was really not that impressive. We went here for Valentine's day dinner, and the menu was very hit-or-miss. On the one hand, my onion soup appetizer and side of sweet potatoes were very tasty. On the other, the steak was charred and really not good, and my girlfriend's lobster dish was very bland. What really did it for me was the price - over $500 for 4 people for the dinner and a bottle of wine. Not worth it if you ask me!
Simply Outstanding from start to finish! Blows away many so-called high-end gourmet steak houses found in NYC,San Francisco,Chicago. A real treat, Tournedos is absolutely worth every single penny! I bring out of town guests here all the time & they are every single time, thrilled! You'll find lots of "cheaper" place to eat,BUT YOU WON"T EAT BETTER than you will right here!!! Are you listening Morton's,Ruth's Chris,Smith & Wollensky,The Palm?!!!!!!!!
By far my favorite steak house. The food was of the highest quality as was the service. We too out the in-laws when they came into town and they couldn't stop talking about this establishment for days.  My steak was cooked perfectly medium rare on the inside and just the slightest about of char on the outside. I was very impressed by the quality of every course and it's now one of my all time favorites. Price was on the  high side, but I put the price to quality ratio right up there with any other of the highest end restaurants in town.
Best restaurant in the city. Had the Ribeye, Brussell Sprouts, and Hash Browns. All were done perfect.I choose to go sauceless as I like to taste the beef. My wife had the Crab Salad App. and a Lamb dinner that she said was outstanding. I have had steaks in NYC, CHI, and SF and have never had one better than my experience here. Expensive?, very. But if you want Outback prices, go to the Outback.
