Not since the Art House closed has there been a decent movie theater in Binghamton.  I'm so happy to see the Art Mission Theater open!  I no longer have to wait for good movies to go to dvd to see them!   This place is cute, in an old brick building downtown.  The theaters are smaller then your standard cineplex, but the screens are a good size-- I haven't found a bad seat in the place yet.  They have a good movie selection as well.  I like the mix of recent popular art movies with documentaries and older films.   Admission is $8, $5 for student.  Popcorn is $3 or $4.
The Art Mission Theater is proof that bigger is certainly not better. They screen recently released independent movies with frequent showings (3:00-ish, 5:00, 7:30 & 9:00-ish.) The place is small with only two theaters that seat about 40 people in each which basically means there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I really like the exposed brick throughout....makes me feel like I'm in the "big city." They have reasonably priced popcorn and snacks, art on the walls, and funky bathrooms.....the back of the door is painted with blackboard paint that you can write on with the chalk found on a small ledge on the wall.   This place is definitely a regional treasure and the fact that they're a non-profit organization makes it even better!
I had a really enjoyable experience seeing Blue Jasmine here with a friend. The theater we saw the movie in is adorable - there are maybe 30 seats - and snacks are very inexpensive. There is also a student discount!
My wife and I were seriously bummed when we first moved to Binghamton and learned that there wasn't a single art theater. No more mainstream art-house movies for us.  Just our netflix and a 12" tv. I'm proud and excited to announce that Binghamton now has its own art theater. It opened this summer and has been running a unique blend of current art-house films and older foreign films.  That's a programming strategy that I'm a big advocate of. There's a lot to be said for screening older films. The venue itself is small. They have two theaters - one can sit 40 people. The other can sit 50. The screens are much smaller than the megaplex variety.  Its definitely an intimate setting. There is also an art gallery with monthly exhibitions that serves as the ticketing and concessions area. Some might consider the Art Mission space as an art gallery that shows movies, but I like to think of it as a cinema with an art gallery attached. In anycase, its nice to have an independent theater in town. I look forward to seeing many a future film there.
The Art Mission is truly a gem. Just sign up for their mailing list thing: artmission.org . You'll see they get some interesting films. They also do movie events that are typically coupled with excellent food from Remliks. I'd highly recommend attending one or two. During the event I attended, a person talked a little about the film before we watched it. They gave some insightful perspective that framed the film.
Be sure to check this place out during one of Binghamton's First Fridays. In my experience they have always had something a little off the wall which is worth spending some time and talking/ thinking about. They have also had live music during First Fridays, usually an individual on guitar or something like that which I have found very pleasurable. Unfortunately I never made the trip to the trip to the Art Mission for a movie, but I was always impressed to see what they were showing. I wish that I had made it there to see Gonzo with whoever else may have decided to watch it there too.
This place is a gem and a great place to go to make you forget you're in dreary Binghamton. Although I haven't seen any of the movies at the theater, I've been to the yoga classes that are held in beautiful loft apartment on the top floor of the building. The classes are terrific, always small, and completely donation-based. I'm definitely taking advantage of everything this art center has to offer.
