It's definitely worth waiting a month or two (longer or shorter depending on how popular the film your looking to see is) to pay $2 for a regular viewing and $4 (approx.) for 3-D. It may not have the most comfortable seating but it is affordable.
Cheap? Yes. Comfortable? Not really.
Why, in the name of Tom Hanks, aren't there more theaters like this one?! Came here with my entire extended family and had a blast. OK, it's kind of small and dingy and they don't show first run movies, but I would gladly see a sub par version of a movie on it's way out than go to a googolplex and get robbed anymore. I stood in line with 2 adults 2 children holding 2 $20s and hoped I had enough. Here, you buy your tickets and snacks all in one shot. So tickets, pop corn and sodas came to.....$16!! That's the price of a soda at any other place. It was $2 a ticket here and we saw Rango, which is only slightly removed from first run. Plus, the drinks and popcorn were refillable. Wrap your heads around that! The screen was maybe 1/2 the size of a regular screen and it wasn't Dolby sound but that hardly mattered. After awhile you don't even notice the difference. And get a load of this story.  I should note that the place seemed to be run by teenage girls. Halfway through the movie we began to hear a buzzing noise. Eventually the movie stopped and the lights came on. One of the teenage girls walked into the theater to tell us, in the calmest most matter of fact way, " Everybody has to go, there's a fire." ( notice my use of a period and not an exclamation point.) What followed was the most blasé mass exit from a burning building that I've ever seen. People ( including me) ignored tge emergency exit in the theater, instead choosing to meander through the lobby and out. While we all stood, amused in the parking lot, girls again calmly told us not to go anywhere and that the movie would be starting again shortly. After a precursory walkthrough from the local fire dept., it was determined that blown out candles from a party on the premesis was the culprit and we were allowed back in. The whole process took no more than 10 minutes and we were back to watching our movie as promised. It may have been the best " Intermission" that I've ever experienced. Far from being a detriment to the overall experience, the fire drill made me love this theater even more. It only added to it's quirky charm. I don't know if a place like this could only work in a working class country town and I don't even know how this all even works but I wish there were more places like it around Philly. I love Bryn Mawr Film Institute and the Colonial but even they can't offer me movie soda and ticket for $5. I'm even convinced that part of the reason for the fire alarm going off was for my love of tge joint. Go there while it's hot.
Is it the most high tech? No. Is it the most affordable? Absolutely. I saw a matinee here for $2. The place isn't the most high tech, the screens aren't the absolute best, the sound is also something that could be improved, but who cares!? I just saw a relatively new movie for $2. The concessions are extremely cheap too. Go here!
For 2 dollars, you can make a mistake. That's the price of a ticket. I watched Jackass 2 at the Saver with my friends. One of them was squeamish and wasn't sure if she was going to make it through the film.  She didn't, but for 4 people, the total price was still less than 1 ticket to a film anywhere else.  I'm not sure what the breaking point was, it had to do with someone eat some form of dung.  You really have no commitment to the film when it's 2 dollars. Think 2 games of pool. Ridiculous. We walked out unbegrudgingly. It's as ragtag an establishment as you will get. You sit in a level room, and there are poles in the middle of the theater. It feels like a throwback to when either film wasn't considered an art or when film was; I'm not quite sure which. Either way, it's 2 dollars. So have fun!
I'm not a big movie person. Often, by the time I've decided I really *do* want to see a particular movie, it's on it's way out of the big theaters. That's fine by me. I just bide my time until it's showing at the Cinema Saver. The Cinema Saver is nothing fancy. It looks a little ragged around the edges. But their prices can not be beat. Movie tickets are $2.00 for matinee shows, with regular price tickets at $4. There's a student/senior discount that brings the cost back down to $2, if you have a student ID. Snacks are just as well priced. Their counter has a comparison table between their prices, and the prices at Regal and Lowes AMC. Even the largest size popcorn is only $4. $4 is the most expensive for any item on their snack list, except the family combo ($15 for 4 sodas and 2 large popcorns). If you're okay with seeing your movies a little late, the Cinema Saver is the place to go. It's not glamorous or upscale, but it will meet your needs at an amazing price! OH! This is also the only place you can find the Rocky Horror Picture Show being played locally. It happens on the last Saturday of every month at the Cinema Saver. Tickets are pricier than your usual Cinema Saver ($8, I think), but you get the joys of audience participation, people in ridiculous ensembles, and our local shadow cast, the Vestal Violators. Definitely worth trying at least once. Lots of people show up every single time.
I love the price. The theaters are small though, as are the screens. Nothing fancy. But it seems there are often problems. When I saw the film 'Gravity' the lights were on during the entire film. Even after reporting it! Since the movie was about space it would've been nice to have been DARK! :-(
They show Rocky Picture Show on the last Saturday of every month, need I say more. Lets do the time warp again.......
