Open Face is the cutest little sandwich shop in the ROC! The Shop: The interior design is simple but highly effective.  Everything looks spotlessly clean and their mix of construction materials is just perfect.  You can tell they spent a good deal of time designing the place and it really paid off.  The old brick and wood charm plays nice with the modern decor. The Service: My service at OF is always top notch!  Even when there is a line, and it is the busy lunch hour things move quick.  I've never been stranded without a place to sit, even though their seating is a little limited.  The food always comes hot and the presentation is as artful as the decor The Food: Their food is GREAT, and unlike some other reviews, I don't think it is noticeably more expensive than any other establishment.  I've sampled just about everything on the menu and it is all wonderful.  Their specials are my usual, and I ALWAYS sample their delicious teas! If you've never been here it is definitely a place to check out! You'll dig it!
After reading all the great reviews, I went out of my way to have dinner here, but I was left sorely disappointed. My dinner was $19!! For $19, I got the sampler sandwich, ginger carrots, a side of the beets, a soy matcha latte and a cookie. The best parts were the cookie and the corn mash half of the sandwich. The albacore open face melt was lacking in albacore but that's okay because it was quite disgusting and fishy (I hate celery). The soy matcha latte was palatable. I appreciate the fact that they have soy milk, since many places in Rochester do not offer it. Lastly, the veggies! I am not one to waste food but I seriously could not stomach those ginger carrots! I was expecting something sweet, but it was so far from that. And the beets!! What beets?! By the time I got to my house, I realized there were no beets!! Not only did I have an unsatisfactory and expensive meal, but I was also short changed! I'm sure it was a mistake but both my dining companion and I agreed that this is a strictly lunch place!
Great local place, with original creations.  Most sandwich joints are cookie-cutter or just twist others' menu.  OF is a little pricey, but the ingredients seem a little better.  They skimped a little on the open face sandwich.. with a little too much bread. Beverage options are a little weird, but I'm sure most people wouldn't have a problem with it. 3 stars for the somewhat pricey food (i wouldn't be able to go everyday for lunch), but the originality rocks.
Cute servers, delicious teas, Moxie, hard candies, cookies and great sandwiches...Open Face Sandwich Eatery really offers a unique assortment of lunch fare that will have you checking their website over and over. There are many sandwich options, even several vegetarian choices. I've had everything from the lasagna sandwich (vegetarian) to the chicken salad sandwich and it has all been delicious and filling. Chick pea and corn mash are two of my other favorites. Their ginger carrots (which come as a side, are also very good). The atmosphere of this place is also great. While the inside is tiny, I've never had to wait for a table. There are often scooters parked outside. The comfort of this place is overwhelming. Whenever I am here, I feel like I am sitting in the secluded corner of a library. It's the perfect environment for lunch with a friend, away from the hustle and bustle of the downtown lunch crowd. This is certainly a must visit in the South Wedge. Try their specials. (Oh, and you must try the Moxie! That soda is amazing!)
Cookies? Get-in-my-belly!!! Their cookies are flavorful and amazing.  What makes them incredible? The unexpected bursts of flavor, mixed with chocolate and the chef's spice of choice, sets them a part from the rest. I ordered the whole flaky albacore tuna sandwich on wheat (see picture). The sandwiches come with a choice of side, so I got the baguette chips. They were flavored very nicely and were definitely a welcome surprise to my meal. Overall, pretty solid sandwich to have on the go if you're in the South Ave. "Wedge" area. Otherwise I probably wouldn't make any special trips for their sandwiches, but the cookies are pretty awesome.
Prior to going gluten-free this place was my jam in Rochester. If you're not into the style of open faced sandwiches or you happen to be vegetarian the soft pear brie on a baguette is fantastic. If you're going all the way I really like the open faced turkey with pea soup when available. The ginger carrots pack a punch so those that aren't into bold flavors be warned ;) The tea selection is phenomenal and the interior has a clean welcoming yet eclectic feel without trying too hard. I ordered a dozen or so half moon cookies for my graduation party and they went over extremely well. If there is one restaurant I'd want to franchise in Boston it would be this one.
Awesome food (the ginger carrots are a little too gingery for my palate, but they don't call them carrots with ginger, they call them ginger carrots! so it is okay.) Awesome staff. Awesome atmosphere. Just, awesome, awesome, awesome.
I was first in line when Open Face came into the Wedge and I have been the no. 1 supporter since the beginning. Need a hipster fix? Need an obscure tea? How about a perfectly decorated place to chit chat? Oh, right- need an awesome sandwich? Go to OF. Now. Go. I'll wait. Great, wasn't it? Try some Moxie with the pear and brie sandwich next time. You won't regret it. Update for 9/16/09: I went in last week and got a three flavored cookie. One of those was CURRY CHOCOLATE CHIP. I know, I know, but it was the most mindblowingly good cookie I have ever had. EVER. I'm hoping they make it a permanent fixture.
I really like the way they serve their tea.  You order off a menu and they hand you a cup, an empty tea bag & a vile of herbs or teas, or whatever you choose & you bag it up yourself & hand back the vial.  Cool idea, but pretty bland tea unfortunately.   I had the maple turkey sandwich and I loved that they used mixed greens instead of the usual shredded iceberg, I likes the mustard/sauce, but the bread was dry and the meat was pretty tasteless.   BUT, you should really try the cookies!!!  I had a snickerdoodle the size of my face and it disappeared way too fast. It has a really cool design, and even though I wasn't crazy about what I had, I still hope they do well.
Open Face offers fantastic, creative sandwiches and exceptionally yummy baked goods.  The service is friendly; the bathroom is clean.  There are tons of vegetarian (and a few vegan) options, but there are also meaty ones - so my carnivore friends don't whine.  The music is good.  The decor is nice.  The tea is fantastic.   I strongly recommend the soft brie sandwich or the corn mash sandwich.  The soups are also always fantastic (I hope the have the banana coconut special again sometime soon).   I wish they were open later than 7pm.
Open Face is a great little place in the South Wedge for delicious and innovative sandwiches.   Their tuna melt is the best I've ever had and I like that you can choose from a variety of health side options from house made ginger carrots to a simple, yet tasty side salad.   They also have interesting signature cookies that switch up frequently and are amazingly tasty.  One day they had green tea cookies and chocolate chip cookies.  Which to choose?  Wait!  You don't have to choose because they also had half & half cookies: half green tea & half chocolate chip!   The one downside is that place is small, it might be challenging to find a table.   But the service is quick so there usually isn't a long wait.   I could seriously eat lunch here every day for the rest of my life!
so so so good! I died... I am pretty sure everything there is amazing. I had half an open face and half a soft brie. Both were delicious. Too bad I don't live in Rochester, otherwise I'd go everyday...
Good sandwiches, polite staff, nice place.  The prices are on the edge of high for me, but not enough to take it down a star.  Whenever I order I think "that's a bit much," but then I taste the food and go "ohhh but it was worth it."  The food nice fresh, and I enjoy the baguette chips (or whatever they are).  I particularly like to go here for lunch during work because the service is quick and it is nice to sit outside in the summer.  Our office has even ordered lunch and had it delivered (we're at the UR River Campus).  It came nicely packaged and organized. Along with a few other businesses in the area, this place has really helped to invigorate the South Wedge area of the city.  The local businesses and neighborhood association should be very proud of their hard work--it is definitely paying off.
A long overdue review from my visit in August, 2010. Because I waited so long, I don't remember all the details of my experience at Open Face as well as I'd like, but I definitely remember loving the atmosphere. It's just adorable! I had the sandwich tasting, and loved that they had that as an option (any two sandwich halves, instead of one whole sandwich of the same thing)! I know for sure one half was the chick pea. I *think* the other was the peppered turkey, hold the mustard. Yum! Great (and healthy!) side options too: gingered carrots, baguette chips, or a simple salad. I had the salad. I got some kind of iced tea to drink and it tasted kind of funny, but I think that was just personal preference. Loved the tin mug it was served in, though. The three of us also split a cookie splits cookie sandwich for dessert, which was AWESOME! Don't often find myself in Rochester, NY (this visit was the first time ever, actually), but if I were to pass through again, I'd definitely come back to Open Face.
Was extremely unsatisfied with this sandwich shop.  Not very many options on the menu-and super pricey for what you get.  I ordered the albacore tuna.  It had a lot of different flavors that really didn't work well together and was really dry.  My boyfriend ordered the daily special which was some sort of ham sandwich-not very much meat and looked like it was thrown together.  Next time I want a delicious sammie I will go to the place across the street!
My sister and I stopped by Open Face yesterday afternoon for lunch. As soon as you step in it becomes apparent that this isn't your average sandwich shop- but that's a good thing. The atmosphere is truly unique and the decor makes you feel like you are having lunch in a 1920s apothecary (There are even cure-all tonics that you can have with your meal!). Looking at the menu at first glance, I was intrigued. My sister, on the other hand, was skeptical. She likes to stay in her comfort zone. If you're the type of person that likes to eat the same turkey sandwich every day of your life this place may not be for you. If you like to experience new things, go to Open Face - you will not be disappointed. Their sandwich options vary from original spins on classics to creative to whimsical. Each sandwich comes with your choice of salad, carrots, or chips, but even these sides will surprise you at Open Face. The chips are  homemade baguette crisps flavored with rosemary and the carrots are marinated in ginger vinaigrette. At other lunch places, sides are usually unimaginative afterthoughts. The sandwiches were gourmet works of art. I have never seen a casual sandwich shop pay as close attention to presentation as Open Face. Very refreshing. (Although some might argue this takes away from the ease of eating the sandwich.) I ordered the special of the day, apricot barbeque chicken sliders with gorgonzola cheese. My sister tried the chicken salad. Everything was deliciously fresh. The service was also remarkable. The usual experience I have at the counter is impersonal, rushed, and transactional. The person who took our order ended up being our de facto waiter, explaining menu items, replenishing our water, and serving our food tableside. The whole experience made what is a usually an unmemorable meal special. I'll definitely be back!
Such tasty food!  The sandwiches of course, but even the simplest salad, with this amazing, gingery dressing.  Yum yum!  And the cookies looked delicious, though I didn't have room.  I will be back! And the staff were all so sweet, and the shop is cute too.  (Only reason it gets 4 and not 5 stars is the price, but the quality is worth it.)
Love this place.  I had the Goat Cheese sandwich and it rocked.  Loved the ginger carrots too.  I wanted to get a cookie, they looked incredible, but I was well-behaved and passed them up.  My husband got one of the sandwiches of the day, it was a roast beef sandwich.  I was told it was the best roast beef sandwich he has ever had!
I have been meaning to try this place for a while and decided to go here today for lunch.  I ordered the goat cheese sandwich on baguette with cracked pepper, it was super good.  I could tell the ingredients were of superior quality, the bread that my sandwich was on was flavorful and just the right softness (as sometimes baguette can be hard often times). I also got one of the desserts they had on special, a stuffed chocolate chip cookie.  The frosting it was stuffed with was a bit too sweet for me and there was too much of it but the cookies were really good and definitely tasted homemade.  The inside of this restaurant is decorated really nicely and the staff were friendly and patient with my indecisiveness.  Only downfall is that they close by 7,making it hard to go there for dinner and $8+ is a little more than I like to spend on lunch.
Cute place, yummy sandwiches. Open Face is one of the reasons why I love the Southwedge. This establishment adds great character to a neighborhood on the mend. Love the cute stainless dishware too - very hip!
I love open face! The owner is normally in the kitchen and the rest of the people who work there are super nice. The sandwiches range from traditional to crazy over the top combination that will drive your taste buds wild! Be adventurous and try something new. Even the things that sound odd (corn mash) I've given a change and have fallen in love with. Great job guys keep it up! They also have a full tea "pharmacy" so if you love tea this is your place!
I gotta admit, I was a meat and potatoes kind of guy until I found this place. The open melt is amazing in an variation you get. The drink selection makes it fun, and the cookie "splits" are AMAZING. Kimberly, you left hungry? HOW? Do you have seven stomachs?
OMG I love there sandwiches!!!!!!! THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PLACE IN ROCHESTER. The price is fine, you do get a nice amount for what you pay!! I don't really understand why people complain about the portion ?? I thought it was good:) FOR SURE, come here when you're visiting rochester!! u will love it.  I came here four times already and every time, I am happy and full!! hehehehhehe
Dear Open Face, You rock my socks off. For the past 8 years Open Face Eatery in Rochester's South Wedge has been creating nothing but the best in open face sandwiches. An open faced sandwich is exactly what it sounds like - one piece of bread with your favorite cheeses, meats and vegetables stacked on top. Open Face takes it one step further and really loads up your choice of bread with your favorite toppings like French fried onions, capers, chipotle pesto, brie and yam crisps (I could go on and on). If all of this sounds a bit messy, it can be - but don't fret open face also offers traditional sandwiches with not so traditional toppings. I swear I've dreamt of the black bean sandwich (crushed and mixed with a chipotle pesto, topped with cheddar, chunky salsa and mixed greens, on wheat, sourdough, rye or mixed greens). Hitting up Open Face after a night of drinking or a bad day at work? Not to fear, Open Face serves as your personal apothecary. Tell them what ails you and they'll spruce up your order with a mixture of healing herbs. Open Face is much more than a small sandwich shop. Try their soups and salads, desserts (baked fresh daily) tea and espresso. Check out Open Face on your scooter and your order will be discounted. Open Face also hosts a scooter night at 6pm during the summer. I can't say enough great things about Open Face and I'm glad that a small business has been able to sustain itself in down town Rochester for so long now. Stuff your face at Open Face, it's worth every calorie.
Oh Open Face.....I dream about your mushroom soup.  You let me choose two half - sandwiches, and I am terribly indecisive.  You have Moxie.  Your staff is chill as hell.  You support scooter culture.  You have outside seating.  Your sandwiches are the most fresh, unique, and delicious that I have ever had.  My parents even loved eating there, they don't usually like to leave their comfort zone.  Open face, if you were a boy I would ask you to marry me. I miss you.  Call me.
Outstanding sandwiches. I've been going to Open Face since it first opened and I'm sooo glad it's still churning out fresh and creative sammies. I love the goat cheese and their corn mash. Their logo is just perfect and although it's small, everything inside has been given careful attention. The only drawback is the prices, but hey, this is a place that's worth it.
Corn mash is amazing, really delicious.  The service is always a little slow, but it's understandable because it's such a small operation and the cost is also a little high but also understandable because of the kind of place that it is.  All in all a really solid place that I've gone to several times.
Some of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've ever had come from Open Face.  I love coming here to support a great local restaurant as well as have a delicious bite to eat.  I highly recommend and always get either the black bean or chick pea sandwich but have recently ventured to try the corn mash which is also good.  Save room for dessert because they also have great cookies.  For some funny reason, I actually think their signature Open Face sandwiches are the least impressive and don't recommend them. The only drawbacks about this place are the size of the restaurant (plan on getting take-out if it's busy) and the expensive cost of these gourmet sandwiches.
Very friendly staff. Turkey sandwich quite dry and too much bread. Soup had nice flavor but not hot enough. Sandwich,cup of soup, and soda $17.66. A bit pricey for my wallet.
Yummy yummy yummy.  Just be sure and order your sandwich on the baguette - not anything else.  The tuna is totally yum and the turkey maple is, too.  My favorite has to be the brie with apricot.  Their buttery split cookies are so naughty and delicious.
Nice place, interesting decor, good,interesting food and drinks,friendly staff and great prices for what you get. Handmade food but fast service -A Great INDEPENDENT restaurant - not a chain.
Had the most bestest cider from Open Face today....a applely, cinnamony, sugary concoction that was so good I literally gulped it down and considered turning around and going back for more.  Yum!!!
Absolutely, hands down the best place for lunch in Rochester!  I typically order the open face with whatever soup of the day they recommend but I've also tried the corn mash, which is delicious.  Their specialty coffee drinks and snicker doodles add to the amazingness that is open face!
One of my favorite spots in the Roc. Really good food, and really friendly service. I love the ginger carrots and the awesome salads that come with everything, and the cookies are great too. But really, the sandwiches are the heart of it. Always interesting, always tasty. I could use slightly bigger portions for the price, though. Good atmosphere, also. The inside is spare but funky, and the sidewalk seating is a nice touch.
This is a really nice little cafe-type place with thoughtful, solid quality food... kind of a rarity in the Rochester area.  It has nice people behind the counter, and great design.  Definitely recommend.
This was a great little place to have an unusual yet delicious lunch! They only have about six tables, but the selections are incredible! Soups are always specials, but I had the cranberry pear and it was to die for.
Creative, delicious, inexpensive sandwiches.  I hope you guys deliver and open late night!
Great sandwiches!  Little Pricy for sandwiches though but it was worth it.plus the atmosphere was old school and drinks were classics as well.
Mashed pea goodness. Quality sandwich. Obviously they care about the quality of their food. Count me in for repeat business.
Neat little place. Had a turkey melt. Good tastes in it, but a little dry. I had to keep stealing bits of my wife chicken tortilla soup, which had no tortilla but still tasted good. Great decoration and nice staff. Worth a visit. A little expensive for a sandwich shop.
Open face has a delicious and unique sandwich menu unlike any other in Rochester. Located in the South Wedge, it has the perfect charisma and character that we want in a dining experience.
I was traveling through Rochester on business last week and Open Face was recommended.  I think it is very rare for a business to have such a high quality product, great attention to detail, and overall operate at such a high level as this one does.  Their food is extremely well thought out and is simply exceptional.  It is not a "sandwich" place or a Panera,...it is a glimpse into sandwich heaven. I don't like to gush over a business unless it is deserved, and this place deserves it.  I started with a Tuna Melt. The flavor profile was stunning. The added crispiness from whatever the little crackling thingies are were brilliant and really made a great sandwich worth writing about.  It was so damn good, I ordered another one to go, but changed my mind and ate it right there.  The side salad was fresh and the vinaigrette was light and tasty.   The people were extremely friendly, and although the place was a little small, who cares when the food is so good?  The attention to detail about everything was greatly appreciated.  If you want to know how to do a business "right", visit Open Face.  If you want to eat great food, visit Open face.  Damn smart concept, product, and execution.
I struggled to come up with a fair review for this one. The food was good, just not spectacularly good, and didn't really make me want to return right away. Maybe we ordered incorrectly? We sampled the corn mash and the open face roast beef. The corn mash is just that... mashed corn with some peppers and cheese on bread. It was decent, but I don't know. I just felt like it could have been better. The salad was really fresh, but I could have used more dressing. The open face was again good. Lacked meat in my opinion but the flavors were decent. See what I mean by struggle? I would go again, and try some different sandwiches. The shop is nice, and the ingredients are fresh, but the end result is what matters to me. At the end of the day, if I am going to pay $9 for a sandwich, it should at least be more than ok. Don't get me wrong, this wasn't a bad experience and the food is good. I just felt it could have been better for the price. Hope that helps!
Great little deli I never would have found without yelp.
We paid $23 for two sandwiches and two drinks and for the amount of food we got we thought it was overpriced. The goat cheese sandwhich barely had any goat cheese and the very oily and salty bread left me chugging water. I ordered bagette chips as a side and sorely regret it because they were also salty and oily. My friend ordered the corn mash and although the ratio of mash to bread was a bit off, the mash had good flavor. The bread was again disappointing because it was mushy and lacked any sourdough flavor. He also thought it was overpriced, about 9 dollars for two pieces of bread and a corn/other vegetable spread with a side of ginger carrots. The idea of the ginger carrots was cool sounding but they were not skinned making them difficult to eat and the sauce they were in was odd. We both tried the carrots and could only eat two pieces each. The drink selection was quite nice and the ginger espresso was the highlight of the meal. The food was overall overpriced but not the worst part of the experience. It is also odd that they had a sign at the register asking you not to pay using debit or credit because they have to pay extra fees. I thought it was acceptable to use debit or credit cards everywhere these days and since I did not bring another form of payment, it made me feel very awkward handing them debit card directly over this sign. The first time we decided to eat here we walked past the entrance because there was a person eating directly on the other side of the door, we assumed there was a main entrance. Of course we quickly realized how small their location was. The outdoor seating area was directly on the sidewalk but was still nicer than the indoor are. Inside there was barely any room to stand let alone eat comfortably. The decor was clean and modern but we would have liked to appreciate it at a distance instead of being so close to the walls and other customers. We both found the atmosphere to be a bit unwelcoming. Most of the patrons were young "hipsters" and we felt out of place with them. Ordering was also confusing because, even though we planned out our orders beforehand, there was no visible menu and we had to squeeze past people in line to get a take-out version of the menu to look at. We left half full and thirsty from the amount of salt. We will definitely not be returning.
Adorable shop with great food!  Highly recommend if you are looking for a quick, simple bite.
Corn mash is the best! I can't order anything else when I go, so I get the half sandwich half soup to explore other options. The soups have never let me down. Baked goods are delicious as well, especially the half-and-half cookies. Plus, Open Face has the best music of any restaurant I've eaten in. Yum!
Outstanding chicken sandwich and the local wheat bread is from Rochester!  Organic at its best!  I would highly recommend this sit down, chill out place.
Excellent sandwich special today: smoked salmon with a whipped cracked pepper cream cheese, balsamic prmegranate drizzle, frend fried onions and mixed greens on baguette.  Soup of the day was red pepper bisque or chicken tortilla.  Great meal. Plenty of food even for someone with a big appetite.
I really like the option to have your "sandwich" on greens instead of bread.  Everything is really tasty and healthy too.
A buddy suggested Open Face for lunch and it happened to be on my to-try list, so I was really looking forward to it. In my excitement, I didn't see that you could do the sandwich tasting and choose 2 halves (next time!). Ordered the open melt with chicken salad on sourdough with a side salad. How can you go wrong with melted harvarti cheese and those little french fried onions? So yummy! The side salad had a very light dressing, which was pretty good as well. We also tried the curry triple split cookie. The curry taste was definitely interesting, but probably not something I'd have a craving for in a cookie. They also give you a ginger candy that's wrapped with your utensils for the end, which was a nice touch.
I heard nothing but good things about this fancy sammies shop, so I was excited to check out Open Face last month.  I really wanted to rant and rave about how amazing their sandwiches were, but it was just okay for me. I adore the simple and stylish decor of this charming shop.  The cool dark grey walls, stainless steel appliances, and glass jars/bottles are balanced with the warmth of the dark cherry wood wall and tables.  Everything had its own spot and was very organized, which to me, is pleasing to the eye and even exemplifies the cleanliness of the place.  Maybe I was in a grey kind of mood, but I even liked their silver charger and bowl that was used for my dish.   I ordered the tasting so that I could try two different sammies - corn mash and open face.  The corn mash was sweet and creamy mixed with chunks of corn kernels.  I wasn't expecting it to be as sweet as it was, but it still tantalized my palate with something new.  The soup of the day was summer squash, which topped my turkey open face sammie.  I can't remember whether I chose rye or sourdough bread for the open face, but the slice was thick and hearty but didn't take too well to the soup.  The middle of the bread was soggy and the edges were hard.  My side of ginger carrots definitely stimulated my taste buds because they were so strong that I cringed.  I had to take my time eating it because if my bite was too big, I had to immediately take a swig of my Moxie to clear my palate.  MOXIE MOXIE MOXIE was everywhere so I was intrigued.  It tasted like cream soda and less bubbly. I usually give restaurants a second round before completely shunning the place because who knows, it could be a bad day, order, or taste bud.  I'll go back to try something else, but I'm not rushing.
I had been excited about going to Open Face ever since I heard about it.  The idea of getting a sandwich with soup poured all over it sounded delicious to me.  The menu gives a nice selection of sandwiches and I appreciated the new spin on the sides.  Items like ginger carrots and pickled beets stand out in my mind as unique items to try.   I went with the namesake and ordered the roast beef Open Face with either a chicken corn chowder or a tortilla soup slathered over it.  When I received the plate of food, it was like fat kid's delight.  The sandwich looked pretty good and it had been covered in the creamy soup.  My mouth literally watered at first sight of it, but then I started eating and the overall feeling as that it just alright.  The star of the dish was the pickled beets which made me want to eat beets on a regular basis.  Great flavor and consistency!  I also left a bit of a drool puddle next to their desserts/pastries case.  The cookies and other baked goods looked fantastic, but I never ended up trying any. I certainly won't sit here and bash Open Face because they're a nice little sandwich shop.  While Rochester certainly has no shortage of small sandwich shops, I think Open Face is worth a visit for at least one trip.  The best way I could describe this dining experience was unmemorable; didn't disappoint and it didn't wow me.  However, I may have to go back some day just to get some of those treats out of the dessert display case.
I absolutely love this place, and it definitely is on my list of top 5 places to eat in Rohcester. The shop has really cute decor, very quaint! My favorite dish here is the corn mash sandwich, with the bagel chips and ginger carrots as sides. I love corn dishes in general, and this one is amazing! There's also a little bit of hot sauce on it that makes it just slightly spicy. They always have special teas too! Too bad they are closed on sundays!
So I came into this with an open mind (no pun intended) and was a little nervous just because I am a simple sandwich person and I know what i like and dont usually come out of that comfort zone...but today i treated myself and boy was I pleasantly surprised.  The sandwich (turkey open melt) was amazing the bread was perfectly toasted and the sandwich itself was perfectly per portioned and nothing overwhelmed the sandwich. The pickled beets were amazing just the right amount of sweet and bitter and the steeped water (strawberry rosemary) was deliciously refreshing.  The only negative I had was I was a little overwhelmed in the beginning by thw menu and would prefer somethinf a little more explained. But the fpod more than made up for it.
I love Open Face...there is no place like it in Rochester. It's my go-to spot for lunch and I often drive from RIT to the SWedge between classes just for their tasty sandwich creations. If it's your first time here, I recommend doing the tasting so you can try two different sandwiches. They offer a ton of creative options but it's hard for me to stray away from the turkey melt and the corn mash. The turkey melt is topped with french fried onions that give it a great crunch with the melted havarti cheese and seasoned turkey. The corn mash is packed with flavor (apricot BBQ glaze!) and has some heat to it, but even I can handle it. I also enjoy the sides you can choose from and usually get the simple salad or the gingered carrots. I like to think that I am eating somewhat healthy here :) Open Face has daily specials posted on their website so definitely keep your eye out for those as well. I have yet to try their baked goods but they do look pretty good! I recall myself drooling over the white chocolate snickerdoodles and cookie sandwiches in their display case. One of these days I will indulge in them and then quickly run over to the nearby church to repent my sins!! The only negative thing I can say about Open Face is that their hours kind of suck. They are closed Sundays and Mondays and only open till 7pm. I have also arrived at their door a couple times during their posted hours to see a closed sign. I definitely think they would attract a lot more customers if they stayed open a couple hours later given their prime location in the SWedge.
Been here a couple of times and have always had a good meal (even though I have only ever gotten one type of sandwich!) I love the brie on baguette with pears and apricot preserves with a side of pickled beets, but this last time I was there, they were a little stingy on the brie, even though I asked (and paid!) for extra (which is $1). They are a little pricey but it's worth it for the freshness of the food and they are in a good location! Great lunch spot :)
Delicious. I ordered the olive sandwich, beets on the side. The food was amazing. The decor is cute, inviting and homey. The location is great for jumping across the street for some ice cream, strolling down to the coffee shops or right up to Highland park, however, I got the kale/chocolate chip cookie and was all set. Best "healthy" cookie I've ever had.
Open Face is the kind of place where you eat there once and then you wake up one day and realize you have to have it. Seriously craveable. There are so many amazing food options. The pea puree is making my mouth water just writing this. And the amazing cookie sandwiches. And the super yummy gingered carrots. I could go on. I mean, I might, because now I really want to go there right. now. Also, the decor in this place is fabulous - the main doorknob is made of wood; a rare old-school adorable authentic relic often hidden from time. There's also candy! Did I mention old-fashioned candy in bins? Cowtails people - try them! And super delicious french vanilla coffees. Yeah, go here for lunch, like today. Sadly they're not open during dinner, but they are open until 7 and then you can walk next door Solera for wine.
Open Face is a quaint shop located in South Wedge- a great lunch destination and free street parking! Upon recommendation, I had the corn mash sandwich which came with a side of gingered carrots ($8.50).  As the shop name gives away, the sandwiches are open-faced and eating half of it was enough for lunch.  The mashed corn was unexpectedly sweet but had a kick from the bell pepper.  The fried french onions added on top gave the sandwich more dimension, I just wish there was a tad bit more.  The gingered carrots went well with the sandwich so I just placed it right on top as I ate.  I didn't finish the carrots and decided against saving them for later because of how sour they were on their own. Service was a little slow, especially considering the lack of people in the shop.  But besides that everyone was generally nice and helpful. A little bit pricey but I'll definitely be back to try their other sandwiches at some point!
I'm bumping up my review from two stars to three stars.  I still don't go bonkers for Open Face, but I ate there a month ago and really enjoyed my sandwich.  And I hope they really never stop serving the pickled beets because they're my favorite part of the meals.
Tasty tasty.  I got the black bean spread and pickled beets.  Cool place and the girl was very helpful.  Did I mention double chocolate cookie sandwich with peanut butter spread!
I got the sandwich tasting with one half corn mash and the other half mashed pea. It came with a choice of ginger carrots, baguette chips, simple salad or pickled beets--I chose the pickled beets. I decided on the mashed pea based solely on these reviews. I was not disappointed at all! I would get this every time if I didn't want to try the other sandwiches. The corn mash was good too except I am not very good with spicy things. Medium wings are like lava to me. So while the corn mash might not actually be really spicy... it was for me. I still enjoyed it, but probably wont get it again. I also ordered an iced chai tea with my meal. From the first sip it tasted like coffee, so I asked the girl at the counter about it and she apologized because they had been putting espresso shots in their chais that day. They made me a new one right away and gave me a water while I waited (my mouth was on fire from the corn mash so I really appreciated it!). It was either May or June when I went (I know, I should have written the review right away) so it was VERY hot out. There is no AC or it wasn't on that day. The door was just propped open. Just something to note if you're hoping for a relaxing meal on a hot day... you might want to call and ask about the ac or you might want to take it to go (You definitely don't want to avoid it just because it's hot out... because this place is REALLY good). They also are not open on Mondays. Found that out last week when I was about to leave and noticed the website said the specials were for Tuesday not Monday. I will definitely be back!
Being gluten free & vegetarian is hard to find places to eat!  The majority of the menu offers sandwiches, but I found it refreshing that they offered a mashed black bean or mashed garbanzo beans, placed on greens.  It was very good.  They offered a variety of sides, 2 which I was allergic to, & the other, more salad.  I asked if I could have chips instead, & they wouldn't give them to me!  I went home hungry...
We love Open Face! The concept here is fun and refreshing. These are unlike any other sandwiches you have had. Go crazy! Open Face serves delicious, unique, sometimes totally weird (but good!) combinations of fresh ingredients on yummy bread. I personally love the goat cheese rosemary one, and have proudly made my own spinoff at home. We also like the corn mash - sweet, spicy, strange and delicious. The Brie one is also good. We have had the salami and peppered turkey as well and would get each of them again (and again, and again...). I love their ginger carrots and side salad. So fresh and flavorful. When their lemonade is available I like to get that, too. Often it's tough to come on a lunch break because it's so crowded and they have very few tiny tables.
My reviews are only based on the hours and availability of the shop, which we have found is almost never.  We have stopped by frequently, only to find a sign on the door that says they are gone for the weekend or closed at an odd hour, etc.   Considering this was one heck of a find, the lack of available hours has become disturbing.  I know all good things must come to an end, but I hope this isn't the beginning of the end for Open Face.
I wish I could give them 5 stars but something in me balks about giving a sandwich place 5 stars.  But if there were ratings just for sandwich places, they'd get a 5. I have been dying to come here ever since I read the reviews about this place.  So today I tried their featured sandiwch for lunch:  Honey ham with a sesame mandarin dressing and crumbly gorgonzola.  It was served a Cuban roll with a combination plum/sesame sauce according to the menu.  Believe me, it souds just as good here as it tasted.  Nothing like a fresh roll to make the sandwich! I think a few other reviewers have commented about the prices.  It's not cheap but these are not cheap sandwiches and clearly crafted by hand by someone who cares.  I say go and any concern about prices be damned. Everyone keeps talking aout the Mashed Pea sandwich.  I guess I just have to try that next time!
A funky little sandwich shop on South Ave dishing out some killer grilled cheese sandos among other culinary delights, like homemade soups, espresso bevs and macha. But in my eyes, you really can't go wrong with cheese and bread. Among my favorite things in life, for sure. They have quite the selection and they pump these sandwiches out like pros. It took me a full 5 minutes just to narrow down my order for that evening. Honestly, you could come here every day for months and find some different order combo. Plus their specials! Sandwich order anxiety ... in the best way. I went with the sandwich tasting - 2 halves w/ a side - corn mash and the toasted cheese. Bam! What flavor! The corn mash is comfort food at its best with subtle heat. Just a half is filling enough. Then, the toasted cheese. Havarti might be the loveliest cheese to melt between two slices of sourdough. The fried onions add the perfect crunch factor. Add a side of pickled carrots and I've met my match. Tangy perfection. I also have to go back soon and figure out this Moxie thing. Looked like regular cola to me so what's the deal? It's like a specialty item in this place - walls lined with it, signed announcing it's availability. I must know.
Open Face is a fancy sandwich eatery.  The vast majority of their sandwiches are served as open face sandwiches, hence the name. Open Face recently changed their hours and are now open Tuesday - Saturday.  I'm not liking this new trend of closed restaurants / restricted menus on Sundays and Mondays in Rochester. Atmosphere:  Quaint and quirky with a little bit of a hipster flair.  The inside of the restaurant is quite small (maybe five tables that seat two), and it's not always possible to get a seat.  In the summer, there are three more tiny cafe tables on the sidewalk.  That being said, I'd definitely recommend eating in rather than taking out -- the sandwiches are so much better piping hot and can get just a little soggy fast. Sandwiches:  The corn mash is my absolute favorite.  It is one of those go-to meals that I find myself unable to live without every once in a while -- nothing else will suffice.  It is served open-faced -- mashed corn (which is a lot more delicious than it sounds) with little sweet potato crispies, cheese, and mildly spicy BBQ sauce.  |  The Open Face sandwich is also delicious, depending on the soup of the day.  I've found it works a lot better with creamier soups.  |  We are often tempted by the special of the day, and have never been disappointed. Sides:  The bagel chips are by far my favorite.  Crispy with just the right amount of salt-and-pepper seasoning, they're an absolute must if you're getting soup.  |  I really dislike the carrots.  Open Face has a love affair with ginger, and to go from a gingery sandwich to a gingery side is just too much for me.  I'd honestly prefer raw carrot sticks, yum. Soups:  Get the soup.  Period.  It may be a little less filling than you'd think for the price, but they're virtually always some of the best soups I've ever had.  The flavors are different every day.  They'll let you taste-test if you're not sure which you want. Cookies:  I've never been disappointed with a cookie, and they always have something new and delicious to try. Service:  The service used to be a lot better when this guy (who I think was the owner) worked there all the time.  The staff are usually pretty good, but not always as accommodating as he was.  Once, we walked in twenty-two minutes before close and they said "take out only" because there were four of us (which, as I mentioned before, makes the sandwiches not nearly as delicious),  I used to be a waitress so I understand wanting to get out of there, but I thought that was a bit extreme for a sandwich place where you expect to be served and eat quickly. Drawbacks:  There are two drawbacks to Open Face.  First, it is far more expensive than any sandwich place has a right to be (it's worth it, but I'm always astonished at the bill, because I can never resist the soup and cookies and craft sodas...).  Second, they frequently run out of things by dinnertime, which is usually when I go.
YUM!  I cannot believe it took me this long to get to Open Face.  I went for the 2 sandwich option: $9 (or so) for two half sandwiches and a side.  I tried the corn mash and the pea mash, with a side of the ginger carrots.  My only complaint was that it was so delicious, I couldn't stop eating and now I am very very full.  Both the mash sandwiches were really fresh and filling.  The pea mash tasted like I was eating peas straight out of the...pod.  The bacon was a nice touch.  The gorgonzola kind of got lost in the other flavors, but the pea flavor was so great you didn't really need it.  The corn mash was AMAZING.  It had a slight kick to combat the sweetness of the corn.  Really great. The ginger carrots are delicious if you like a tangy almost vinegar flavor, which I really do.  Also got to sample some of my co-workers baguette chips, which were great. I can't wait to go back and try more.  Really delicious!
Oh my.  Soooo glad I checked Yelp for reviews/recommendations for where to grab a bite to eat in Rochester (I'm in B-Lo.)  This place is fantastic! Went for lunch with 2 coworkers after touring U of R campus. The place is very small - quaint & rustic.  I'm glad we were a bit later than typical lunch (I think we arrived around 1:30pm) because there are only 6 or 7 small tables.  That's my only beef - too small so you may not be able to get a table. The menu.  Oh man, the menu.  Well, let me first say that they offer a Sandwich Tasting, where you can choose 2 half sandwiches.  This?  Is genius.  Solves the problem of "I just can't choose!"  I went with the Pea Mash (mashed peas with real bacon bits & gorgonzola cheese, all toasted on a fluffy piece of sour dough) and the Open Melt (turkey, jalapenos, havarti & french fried onions on rye.)  Both were heavenly.  The baguette chips on the side aren't too shabby either & they serve really unique beverages (homemade iced tea, Saranac soda, Moxie, flavored lemonades, etc.)  Check out their menu - really unique with special attention to vegetarian options. They also serve espresso/chai/etc. and baked goods.  I had to try the cayenne/choocolate cookie for dessert - awesome.  I want to go back to Rochester just so I can try more of their sandwiches!!!
When I stepped into the shop, I felt that this was a shop featured with healthy food. The Mocha Latte was awesome. I had open face sandwich. It was with four half pieces of bread filled with corn, beef, etc in between.  It was good. The only thing was that there were so much soup in fillings, so the bread was soaked in the soup. I'm very picky about food and don't like that. But it still tasted good. I had salad as sides. The gingery dressing was amazing. I felt healthier by eating it lol.
This little sandwich shop was a real gem. In fact, the only drawback might be its popularity paired with limited seating. They make it work, however, and with the option to pick up and take out you shouldn't be deterred. The menu is chock full of creative and delicious sandwiches served - as the name implies - open faced. Now when given the choice between meat or vegetables I'm typically a protein picker but in the case of this place, I'm glad I went green. Well, more like light orange. Yes, I followed the recommendations from my fellow yelpers and ordered up the vegetarian corn mash topped with cheddar and mixed greens, on sourdough. Since I couldn't ignore the maple turkey melt doused in melted havarti and french fried onions I opted for the "sandwich tasting" for $8.50 which mixes and matches two halves. And man oh man, I was not disappointed in either pick but out of the two that corn mashed with red peppers had the perfect blend of sweet and spicy. Throw in some quality baked goods from Bake Haus and great variety of sodas* and you've got quite a meal! Definitely want to return for more open faced sandos when I'm in Rochester next. * Including Moxie, America's oldest soda from 1884 which apparently outsold coca-cola until the 1920's. With extracts of gentian root, Moxie was originally served as a nerve food elixir that was considered the ultimate cure-al. It tastes sort of like licorice.
OMG folks after my own heart, both sides of my heart cause I can order two separate sides of a sandwich, it is also aligned with both sides of my brain! Everything we ordered had a great bread to filling ratio, and the bread was fresh with great texture. We ordered.... side of ginger carrots,and pickled beets, both so flavorful and uniquely flavored black bean (vegetarian)7.95 crushed and mixed with a chipolte pesto, topped with cheddar, chunky salsa and mixed greens, on wheat. ehhh we kind of wished that the mash was in warm burger form, taste was good but the consistency was overly soft. corn mash (vegetarian)7.95 roasted corn seasoned, mashed and mixed with diced red bell pepper, served hot and open with melted cheddar, apricot bbq glaze and french fried onion on rye. Double wow, great consistency here, heat, spice, could have used a bit more cheese.  The other half of my brain; named Sarah M wished the glaze/drizzle was sweet. goat cheese (vegetarian)7.95 flavored with rosemary and cracked pepper with mixed greens and drizzled in olive oil on baguette. Delicious, simple. toasted olive (vegetarian)6.95 havarti cheese topped with an olive spread and melted over sourdough. Almost a tapenade but not so tapenade-ish, more palateable in a full bite. Will certainly be back for another 4 halvers to delight the heart of my brain, or the brain of my heart.
Delicious!!! Will so go back. The only minus is the size of the place. Very small only have 6 tables. But the quality of the food makes up for it
Normally, I'm not into paying up to $10 for a sandwich. Normally, I dislike vegetarian/vegan sandwiches because, well, they suck. Normally... this is the case. Open Face threw all my "normalies" into my (open) face. - Their corn mash (with bbq apricot glaze) made me shimmy with delight in my seat ($8). - Their mashed pea ($8.25) made me rethink my relationship with peas! Me and peas can HANG now! At least when they are on a sandwich from Open Face. -Maple turkey's ($8.5) star player was the smoky maple mustard. Please bottle that stuff so I can slap it on at home, y'all. But besides that, it was a "meh" sandwich. -Black bean ($8)... not a big fan. The flavors (chipotle pesto) were fine, but the black bean was a gooey, cold mess. As for sides: I didn't realize what too much of a good thing could taste like until I had the ginger carrots. Too much ginger... too many carrots. The first few bites were nice though. The baguette chips were D-LISH. Hit them up for a good time for sures. I recommend doing the "sandwich tasting"- you can chose two sammies and a side for $9. I'm also extremely intrigued by their desserts, teas and tonics! A tonic on a sandwich, fancy that!
I'm a sucker for creative, expensive sandwiches, so it's probably no surprise that I am a HUGE fan of Open Face's Mashed Pea Sandwich. It's not listed on the online menu and as far as I know, no one in Rochester has written about it on other food websites, but I must declare this thing is exceptional. The color of the peas suggests that fresh, blanched shell peas are used in the mash, and the combination of hearty peas, crispy smoky bacon, tangy Gorgonzola, and sweet (balsamic?) reduction works creates a perfect contrast of flavors and textures: Fresh vs. Aged Sweet vs. Sour Crunchy vs. Soft Placed atop a single slice of bread (I chose sourdough), this is a sandwich unlike any other in the Rochester area. The other half of my sandwich sampler, the roast beef (freshly roasted beef, spread with horseradish mustard, topped with Havarti cheese and mixed greens) was average, hence the 4-star rather than 5-star update. We also ordered one matcha and one cayenne triple split cookie, which were both awesome. The three-section cookie featured a matcha (or cayenne) chocolate chip section, a chocolate chocolate chip section, and a traditional chocolate chip cookie section. Think of it as a delicious pie chart made of cookie dough. The matcha flavor wasn't as bold or noticeable as the cayenne flavor, but that was to be expected based on the nature of the featured ingredients. To wash it down, I ordered a Huckleberry Italian soda. It was a refreshing cooler for a sweltering Rochester day. As I have mentioned in the past, the prices are a little steep, but for the thought and effort Open Face puts into every item it serves, I think it's well worth it.
As much as I like supporting small businesses, it would be tough to choose eating here again over Panera (gasp, I know) For starters, I should put emphasis on the "small" of small business, as the eating area of Open Face can't be much larger than my living room. There are at least 6 little tables crammed into the tiny space, all of which will probably have occupants if you go during lunching hours. I wound up getting to-go as I get a little claustro. Service was fine...food was acceptable. Maybe I would call it above average if it werent for the inflated prices. If I order a chicken salad sandwich that costs almost $9 I get kinda disappointed when what I receive is an albeit generous portion of interestingly flavored chicken salad thrown haphazardly with some very thick slices of bread. It wasn't bad overall, a little bit on the dry side maybe due to the bread to salad ratio(think 1.5 inch slices).   I suppose I'm weird in that I wasnt as crazy over the ginger carrots, nor the chicken tortilla soup as other posters. Both had flavors that were overpowering, especially the soup which was so salty I'm glad I got a to-go order cuz I would have been chugging poland springs. Dessert was prob the best part. Very tasty tri-flavored cookie, they had some other appealing stuff to choose from. This is probably one of those little shops where most people who go are regulars, chummy with the owners, know the best things to order etc. The menu is extensive for a tiny sandwich shop. Can't say I will be coming back anytime soon
I love the corn mash and its unexpected kick.  It's the only thing I ever order because I figure the eclectic, apothecary atmosphere makes up for my lack of creativity here.  I kid you not, it's every bit as delicious after sitting in my fridge wrapped in their coated paper for two days.  I didn't even bother to heat it up because I was in a rush and it was still impressively delicious.  It took me some time to accept the ginger carrots because they were so strong.  Now I welcome those aggressive little roots. The desserts always look great but I refuse to order anything lest I get addicted.  My budget wouldn't be able to handle the added expense right now.
I have eaten at Open Face at least 6 times and have never had a bad meal. The corn mash is awesome, so is the black bean, as well as the brie with pear. The bagel chips and ginger carrots are both amazing side choices. I really like that you can add different infusions to your meal. Staff is pleasant and restaurant is clean and trendy.
I have mixed feelings. We all tried each others food so we could taste everything. Peppered turkey: wasn't a big fan. The sourdough was a little too bready for me. It was missing the parm crisp so not a lot of flavors going on.Was a bit spicy. The baguette chip were really good. Salami :was really good. Also tried the gingered carrots which were delicious. Overall the people were nice and I think it's a great healthy alternative if your looking for something fresh and light.
Just stopped by Open Face for lunch, and while I was expecting greatness (usually only to be let down), it was fabulous. I have to admit, I was expecting it to be your typical sandwich/sub shop, just better. My mistake, this place was unique. I had the Sandwich Tasting item on the menu where you get two halves from your choice of the different sandwiches. I had the Soft Brie and Corn Mash. I couldn't quite visualize what I was about to have, but it was well beyond my expectations. From the selection of accompaniments, I also had the baguette chips. Perfect. The soft brie sandwich (in a baguette) did not look great when it was on my plate, but it was excellent. For the Sandwich Tasting ~$9 and a bottle of Boylan's soda ~$2 & tax: totalled less than $12 Note: this place is tough to find driving down the street, but it is next to Solera Wine Bar on South Ave, across the street from Lux.
The food here was delicious, but the atmosphere was weird. There were a lot of early 1900s era pictures that just creeped me out. And the music playing was bizarre...it sounded like "voices" and not music...very unsettling. But other than that, the food was good and unique and the staff friendly. I ordered the corn mash sandwich and it was very good! Warm and savory with a great combination of flavors. I also got the Ginger curry soup which I don't recommend. It was a little too syrupy for my taste. My husband got the roast beef sandwich and liked it. Good place for takeout...not for sit-in.
Food was yummy.  I had a turkey/mustardy/somthingy sandwich that was fine. It's gourmet food.  Gourmet prices.  Gourmet selection. What's the deal with 'Tom P.' and his abnormally information review?  I'll bed he drives the only vespa in Rochester to deliver OF sandwiches. weak. Three stars for the pretentious sandwiches, however, if you happen by the OFS on a sunny day, go in w/your woman.  She'll totally dig the place.
Open Face has put a lot of care into the details in the design of their restaurant (it is a small place - just a few indoor and outdoor tables); for instance, the ice tea came in tin mugs and a small ginger candy is wrapped up with the silverware. It is a pleasant and interesting atmosphere. I ordered the Sandwich Tasting - which is 2 sandwich halves. I chose the Corn Mash (roasted corn seasoned, mashed, and mixed with red bell pepper, served hot and open with melted cheddar, apricot bbq glaze and french fried onions) and the Soft Brie (brie spread with a sweet apricot preserve, topped with sliced pear, on baguette). Both sandwiches were a successful melding of flavors (although I would have preferred the brie melted). The sandwiches came with a side of ginger carrots, with a potent spicy kick. I especially like the combination of sweet and savory in a sandwich.  The Open Face menu will be a fun one to explore!  They also have daily specials, soups, coffee and tea drinks, and baked goods, with interesting twists.
