Take me to the movies! This is the only theater I care to go to in Broome County.  Maybe it costs a little more than the other place, but it's worth it!  First of all, comfortable stadium seating!  In addition, the seats are actually safe to sit on-they aren't in a state of disrepair.  The floor isn't sticky and the restrooms are clean!  I don't ask for much, but this is the only place that delivers it!
Typical movie theater. It's clean, has food, rest rooms, a screen, seats, everything a movie theater needs!
A bit on the expensive side compared to the other local theater but the food is worth it. You could always show up a little early and play some games.
I had a great experience here. I ordered food, not realizing it was a 10 minute wait and the attendant was nice enough to walk my food to my seat in the theatre after the movie started. (I didn't like the end of the movie but love this theatre.)
I concur!!!  This theater is a little out of the way from me but is the only theater I go to.  Whenever I go to Loews, I end up needing a major back massage.  Here, the seats extend past your head leading to a most pleasant movie theater experience.  The food is expensive, but isn't that normal?  Still, $7.00 for popcorn is kinda ridiculous.
I love catching a matinee movie here ($7.00 before 4pm) after eating a hearty meal at Cracker Barrel located in the adjacent lot.  Clean and modern theater for a relaxing afternoon.
Once in awhile I do commit to seeing a film that is NOT foreign. It's expensive to go to the movies in my opinion. But I enjoy the entertainment on the large screen and the surround sound as well. Regal seems clean enough for such a large place. Although at times the lines are very long to buy a ticket. There is a machine to use for this same purpose but often times its Out of Order! People tend to buy tickets from one staff member selling them behind the counter when there are two and three people to chose from. Don't ask me why...popularity perhaps? I would rather spend less time in line and more time viewing previews and that real phat roller coaster simulation. There is ample parking, but watch out for the late movie arrivers.....they will run u over and flatten u out if u get in their way. the best movies of the year come out after the Thanksgiving holiday so many I'll see u there, no wait,,,,I'll see a movie there.
Not to sound repetitive, but Regal is loads better than the alternative. Stadium seating, better screens, more options. All around a better theater. It's unfortunate that I didn't even know about it until nearly the end of my BU career. If you have wheels or can go with someone who does, definitely go here instead of Town Square.
As movie theatres go, this is the best in the area, with good stadium seating, clean floors, and clean washrooms.
