Love the renovations and the open-ness when you first walk in. The bathrooms are very clean as well. Awesome theater seriously.
Love the recliners! Was a 1 star before but the better seating and picking your seats when you buy tickets makes it a 4 star!
Hands down the best theater I have been to. The prices here are very reasonable for the area. Whenever I visit the Binghamton area I make a point to visit the theater to enjoy a movie. The online ticket reservations make things very easy and reward those who are smart enough to plan ahead. I really wish every theater would learn from this.
This is the only local theater I'll be going to now. Their seating consists of big, oversized leather recliners and the floors are carpeted. No more 'what the $%#k did I just step in?' while leaving. There's plenty of space between the rows, which is a nice break from the awkward 'excuse me' as you get up to use the bathroom. Even a sold-out movie won't give you claustrophobia. One thing to remember, however, is that you pick your seating ahead of time. I highly suggest you purchase tickets two to three hours before the movie begins. They will show you a row of seats and explain where they are in relevance to the screen. FYI: the end seats are a little smaller.   Speaking of seating, if you purchase a ticket for seat 'F8' then sit in 'F8.' Every time I go here someone always ends up going 'oh, sorry.' No dingbat, you knew. You just wanted a seat that was already sold. I 'get' that sometimes not every seat will be sold so yes, maybe you'll have a chance to get that 'perfect' seat. But I would be livid if I even had to ask someone to get out of my chair. I didn't give it five stars because of how expensive the snacks are, which seems to be the norm for every theater in general. A large soda and large popcorn will set you back about $15. They say no outside food is allowed, but, um, yeah. I wouldn't buy their snacks. The one time I did get their popcorn, however, it wasn't as good as another local theater. But that's probably a good thing. I certainly don't need the extra calories.
BEST SEATS EVER. Go to a matinee or buy a child ticket, grab some snacks from 5 Below next door, and you are guaranteed to have the ultimate college cinema experience.
Yes, yes, and YES! BEST SEATS EVER! Tons of great movies, tons of great popcorn/food, tons of amazing lean-back comfy chairs to meet your expectations. Everything AMAZING! Only one problem, while getting tickets online, in my opinion it should be more precise. More than once when we habe bought tickets online that the time was wrong, or it was a different date. So be careful of that. Other than that, amazing 4 star theater!
I've been to this place a few times. Once I saw a movie I hated, the other time a movie I loved. They have assigned seating now so there are no surprises when you walk in.  EXCEPT THE AMAZING RECLINERS! This theater has the nicest staff in the triple cities. They seem genuinely happy to work there. Customer service can be a tough gig, but I've never gotten bad attitude or lazy service from anyone here. The lobby was clean, and so were the inside of the theaters. There's carpet in there, which you would thing is disgusting, there are cushioned recliners which you would thing is potential disaster - but neither the floor or my seats have ever been sticky. The snacks are expensive of course, but it's a movie theater and you should know that already.
I've been to a lot of theaters and AMC Loews theater in Vestal is actually really good. I think the one thing that makes this theater great is that it has really good seating. The seats are wide and they can recline back, which is a huge plus. Other than that there isn't a whole lot about this theater that makes it any better than the other ones around here. I mean the seats are great, but the problems they add aren't worth it IMO. Looking at it from a business point of view it doesn't really make sense. Because the seats are so large the theaters can't be filled  with as many people, so they sellout often, and there aren't as many good seats. They just started implementing reserve seating, which wasn't that great since someone took my seat anyway.. The concessions are crap... The screen quality and sound aren't that good. .   Overall I wasn't too impressed with this theater, but it's probably the best one in town so I'll have to choose it over the others.
I absolutely loved the lazy boy type reclining chairs that the theatre had.  It made the whole movie theatre experience so much more enjoyable.  The staff was very friendly as well.  Great theatre overall.
I see that there is only one review of this theater and it is a couple of years old. Given the recent renovations at this theater, it bears some new consideration. The AMC shut down in the Fall for approximately 2 to 3 months to renovate the theater and it was well worth the wait. The theaters have excellent picture quality, with  all new digital projectors. But, the seating is what everyone seems to be talking about. The reclining leather seats are extremely comfortable.  Even if you get stuck in one of the front rows, the seating reclines enough to make the movie watchable. The main problem with the theater is now that they are more popular since the renovation, it is very frequent to experience sellouts, especially on the weekend. I would strongly encourage buying tickets in advance. Now, let's talk about ticketing pricing. It used to be that Regal was the premiere cinema in the Binghamton area, so it could merit charging a couple more bucks a ticket.  But now--AMC is not only the higher quality experience, but also consistentlyi cheaper! At Regal, matinee tickets are $7.00 (before 3 or 4) and then $9.50 for any regular showing. At AMC, All shows before 6 PM Monday through Thursday, and everything before 11:55 AM on Friday-Sunday and holidays, all tickets are $4.50. And, in the evening, Monday through Thursday, they are $6.75. Even on Friday through Sunday nights, they are still $9.  If you've got a family of 4 like I do, catching an early movie can save you $20 over Regal. That's nuts! So, in short, reasonable ticket pricing, better projection quality and crazy comfortable seats. I don't know why anyone would ever choose to go to Regal over AMC.
I've heard lots of people complain about this theatre - that it smells, that the seats are uncomfortable, that it's depressing - but none of that ever really bothered me.  This is just an average movie theatre.  The prices have gone up considerably in the past few years - gosh, I can remember when a matinee was $5.  But that's inflation everywhere.  The snacks are far too expensive, but what are you going to do.  It's an average movie theater, as far as I'm concerned.  They might want to get someone to spell-check the marquis, however, I noticed for a good long time they were advertising the movie "Loveley Bones".
The prices are pretty good considering each seat is like each person's own personal lazy boy, very comfortable.
Definitely the best theater around since recent renovations. The seats are terrific!  Its also kept very clean. Matinee prices are also the best.
It doesnt even matter what is playing just go sit in one of their amazing recliners.
