Cure is a really great, intimate restaurant.  The shared plate style allows you to try lots of different foods.  The Camembert is unreal delicious, I definitely recommend it! The drinks are great and inventive - plus they have a shot and beer special on the menu!  Cure would be a great place for a date, but is also great with a group, cause then you get to try more dishes! I haven't made it for brunch yet- but I look forward to trying their brunch menu!
I've never been disappointed with anything at Cure. The service is fantastic as well and I don't usually mention service (my star rating has nothing to do with the service). The last time I dined at Cure my wife and I shared the oven roasted Camembert with Fingerling Potatoes and Onion Jam. I would highly recommend this if you're a fan of this first cousin of Brie. It's very good. My wife had a salad with tuna that was awesome.  It had the most perfectly cooked soft boiled egg on top. I ordered the house made hot dog. When I see a restaurant offer a made from scratch hot dog I don't hesitate to order it. I'm not a fan of store bought hot dogs but when made from scratch the flavor and texture can bowl me over.  This hot dog was gourmet for sure. I think I liked it more than the one I had at Lento in 2013. This hot dog at Cure was served with pickled onion and house made mustard. Wow was it good. We drank a cocktail of which I can't remember but it was made with bourbon and we both liked it. This is a fun place to dine.
Went for the first time after hearing great things about Cure... Although a lot smaller than I envisioned it was quaint! The bartender, Kaitlin, rocked!!! She made a homemade punch that is to die for! She was friendly, outgoing and upbeat and I thought we were off to a great experience... Until we were seated.. Out waiter didn't even introduce himself just said as soon as we were seated "are you ready to order?". We had not even has a sec to review or ask questions about the menu! He never offered us the specials, which we assumed there weren't any, until we over heard the table next to us ASK him if there were any. We then ordered our meals and my friends came out 15 minutes before mine. We sent it back to keep it warm.. The waiter didn't explain plates were shared and came out one at a time. We wanted to eat our meals TOGETHER. Ok long story short...I never mind paying a good price for a meal but you better make sure the service is top notch and this was anything but... I'm giving this 3 stars only due to Kaitlin, she was the only memorable experience.. I will not be back
Dear restaurant that serves French food. There are rules here - if you call something a bouillabaisse please add saffron - fish stock - tomato. You can skip your broccoli (who knew that was French) and your frozen lobster tail for and bland cod. $36 Nice job on buying Camembert and throwing it in the oven though!!!!$14
While at times Cure seems to be a tad too eclectic for their own good, I find it to be a fun hang at the odd hours they keep. Case in point: we dove in there last night for a small bite after a rousing show @ Abilene. Wife sipped a couple glasses of Rose while I enjoyed a Witte beer. Add a watermelon & tomato salad and a Pork Bahn Mi & it was a true late summer season pleasure. Do we go there often? No... but when we want that unmistakable unique vibe, our car almost drives itself over there.
We went to cure for BYOB night on Wednesdays... It was my first time here and will not be my last. We were able to sit right on the makeshift patio, surrounded by cute wood pallets and flowers. Our waitress brought over a chilled ice bucket to place our wine in right away. First we decided to do the bread and butter and olive tapenade. This wasn't clear that bread or cracker came with the tapenade, so we had/ ate a ton of bread. The homemade butter was delish and bread was toasted, yet could have been a bit warmer. I love olive tapenade, but this one aired on the salty side. For our meals, we decided on the banh mi and the short rib meatballs. Both were Amazing but the banh mi was the best I ever had. Perfectly pickled and the meat was so tender. All of the flavors combined for an epic sammy. Will definitely be back for booze your own adventure on Saturday nights!
A great night out for sure. Nothing crazy impressive but definitely worth a try. We dined here for a simple birthday dinner (for me); just with my husband and parents. Wednesday night there's a no corkage fee (woo!) so we grabbed a bottle from the fridge and brought it along. The family style of the menu definitely made for a no-stress dining experience. Only suggestion I'd make to the kitchen is more salt. We certainly will return at some point and I would suggest to a friend.
**Brunch Review** I was really hoping that my excitement for their brunch would not be crushed with inconsistency and that my heavenly dinner experience at Cure was not just a dream.  It was not a dream.  I found my utopia. I have nothing bad to say, other than service was slower at brunch than dinner.  The atmosphere here in general seems to be more relaxed than the hustle and bustle to get you in and out at other restaurants.   Alcohol is not served until noon, so when we were allowed to order, I started with an energizing mimosa.  There was an initial sweetness from the champagne and the hit of the bitterness of the grapefruit was at the end.  I was intimidated by my friend's green, soupy looking bloody Mary but after tasting it, I had to order one for myself.  My favorite so far!  It was a hearty, dirty drink with a lot going on and a mix of what tasted like horseradish, garlic, celery, cilantro, and black pepper.  Throw in a celery stalk and a whole hot pepper for more oomph.  My mind was probably playing tricks on me, but this green blend tasted "healthy."  All the more reason for another round. Petite bread $8 The wooden board was arranged with a croissant, slices of walnut bread drizzled with olive oil, house churned butter, nutella, and jam. Boudin benedict $14 Each component was cooked well from the poached egg, slice of ham, to the English muffin crisped with a hint of charred flavor.  The muffin was tough to cut with a butter knife, but it tasted delish.  Choron sauce, sister to hollandaise sauce, lightly coated the two bennys.  The sauce tasted like a delicate tomato sauce with a blend of whipped egg yolk/white and butter. Smoked salmon $13 You really can't go wrong with smoked salmon and fresh bread.  On the black stone were slices of smoked salmon, fresh bread (need more!  Only 3 pieces - 2 brown with walnut chunks and the other was regular french with olive oil), delicate cream cheese, and toppings of red onion, tomato slices, and capers.  The down side was that there were only three slices of bread and not enough for the amount of salmon given.  Luckily, we still had bread from our petite plate that we didn't have to order more bread at an extra charge. Overall, I'm a fan of the light and elegant flavors of Cure.  Their cocktails, food, and rotating menu will keep the flame burning and me wanting more.
Hell of a spot here in the Roc! Love the rustic look inside and al fresco dining area. The dimly lit bar is the perfect spot to knock back a few of their specialty cocktails and maybe, just maybe, a bit of the ol' special punch of the night (do it). Considering the friendly staff and summer concerts across the parking lot, I would mark this as 'must drink' spot in town. While I didn't get to taste much of the menu, I can say that everyone around me seemed to be enjoying the eats. Do it!
Eating at cure is practically a sensual experience, especially if you get the charcuterie board and the cheeses. To die for. Super hip atmosphere without pretense, talented crew in the kitchen and behind the bar. Definitely go on Saturdays for booze your own adventure to receive mystery cocktails crafted based on your preference in different categories you fill out. It's so fun!! I moved away from Rochester last year and cure is always the first stop when I  return, followed by Good Luck!!! Favorites on the menu are: Rabbit rillette Bahn mi
I love CURE. Always a great meal. The cocktails are divine! The place has great character and is actually a very romantic when the sun goes down...at least in my opinion which is why we decided to celebrate our anniversary here. So on our latest venture we ( the husband and I) both started off with the Goat Hill Cocktail which is dangerously yummy and the oven -roasted camembert with fingerling potatoes (they forgot the onion jam which was disappointing but we ate it without ever mentioning it because damn it was delicious! As one would expect... it was gooey, creamy melted cheese :-)) We both ordered specials: The husband got the house made foot long all beef hotdog topped with kimchi/kimchee and oh boy was it good! I ordered the Salad Niçoise which was EXCELLENT! The only thing that would have made it better would have been some ahi tuna instead of the tuna used but still and I repeat it was EXCELLENT. No dessert for us to full! The service was great! Not rushed at all but made to feel paid attention to.
Amazingly good food. Very original!
Tonight's dinner at Cure was stellar. The menu change was a pleasant surprise, and because it was Wednesday, BYOB night:D I was also pleased with the fact that they take reservations. Good Luck is Cure's cousin resto, but that place was packed last Weds. Cure is a lot more quaint, very quiet and intimate. The hundreds of tea lights are cozy and romantic. We ordered the foie gras toast (black truffle and bone marrow). It was delectable. All of their plats principaux are made to share, so we got the beef bourguignon, and the coq au vin. To compliment the sharing aspect, at Cure they emphasize to their guests that they will bring out your food as soon as it is ready, even if your dinner companion's order isn't finished. It helps with a nice pacing, promotes sharing and trying different stuff, and it stays warm. I like knowing that my dish hasn't been sitting in a warmer until my company's dishes are done just to bring it all out at the same time. Some things just need to be plated and ated (right away!) The beef came with cavatelli pasta, mushrooms and baby onions. The beef was perfect, and melts in your mouth, so tender and flavorful. I wish they put in more of the 'shrooms. The coq au vin was the same sitch, the meat was tender, falling off the bone. The chicken came with haricots verts and a few potato wedges as well. Caitlin was our waitress, and she is also a fabulous bartendress. With 15+ years of experience, she knows how to make a mean cocktail, and can answer any questions with clarity and poise off of the top of her head. My friend inquired about a specific liquor and she was able to rattle off all of the sister beverages, and how they could be prepared to satisfy his craving, with a taste on the house. I agree with previous yelpers such as Laura, in regards to the fact that Cure is definitely pricier restaurant, but I can honestly say that you get what you pay for.
So, why Cure? -Cocktails: There are always six cocktails listed on the back of the (roughly seasonal) menu. These sometimes include some out there ingredients (the Might and Main includes kale juice), and offer you a good starting point in addition to the traditional cocktails. However, the bigger selling point to me is that the bartenders here know what they are doing with both the traditional spirits and more uncommon ones. The last time I was here, we got a chance to talk with Caitlin, the bar manager. In addition to being really nice, she told us about where they got the Rough Rider bourbon and created a cocktail with both Root and egg white. She also made what my friend said was the best Manhattan he'd ever had and he's drank "a few thousand." Keep in mind that Cure lists some of the more "unusual" spirits on the menu so don't be afraid to ask for something out of the box when ordering your drink. While the price point may be a turn off to some, from what I've seen here all the bartenders put a lot of effort into crafting drinks so it's worth the risk! -Atmosphere: Tucked away in the Public Market, I still know people who have no idea this place is there. It has sort of a rustic, hipster-y feel to it. Mismatched tables, fun light fixtures, a black and white bathroom painted with homeopathic "cures" to common ailments  - including a hangover. (Which you might need if you have too many cocktails!) It is a small space without a ton of walking room, but I like it. It has more of a big city feel and less of a loud, club like one like I've seen at certain other restaurants in town. -Food: French inspired, farm to table food. It's a meat heavy menu, so it may not be everyone's cup of tea. That said, it's also really easy to fill up on the Flour City Bread. I'm not sure exactly HOW they pull it off...but every single piece of bread I've had here has been toasted to perfection: slightly warm with olive oil drizzle. I didn't think it was humanly possible to toast bread like this, but somehow they pull it off. Between the various spreads and sides (cheese, meat, and veggie), it's hard to save room for any entrees. I've split any entree I've tried here and have never been hungry, but I see from the other reviews that not everyone agrees. Out of everything I've tried so far, the duck confit was by far my favorite...I hope they bring it back some day! I've also had good experience with the desserts here: house made candy bars, ice cream by the Eat Me Ice Cream girls, and pineapple-bacon upside cake. -Special Nights: 5 dollar craft punch on Fridays. Choose your own cocktails on Saturdays. A hot dog (which is a footlong more akin to a sausage) with a round of shots on Sunday. Wine dinners. With the lack of foot traffic, it makes sense that they find other ways to ensure people come in the door. And frankly, I wish more places around town did as well. In TLDR; terms: Looking for craft cocktails in a busy atmosphere and are in the mood for something other than traditional bar food? Cure is the place for you. Come for food, then hope there is room to sit at the bar later to enjoy a few more. Looking for something more traditional in terms of French cuisine, meat, or presentation? Or do you prefer roomy spaces and Genny light? Your mileage may vary. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I'll round it up to 5 mostly because I really appreciate nice, friendly bartenders who can teach you a thing or two about what you're drinking.
Love it.   Their banh mi is nothing short of delicious, although I wish the baguette they used was a bit softer and a tad smaller.  Might be my favorite dish that I've had at Cure. Pork rillettes are good, crab rilettes are amazing.   Camembert with roasted fingerlings is solid, but I think bread would be a better pairing.  No big deal though, just ask for more bread. I've been happy with each of the daily sausages I've tried, my favorite being the wild boar variety, and their terrines have been consistently good. Charcuterie spread is always a nice accompaniment.  Love the variety of pickles  on the board On the cocktail side, I wanted to like the Rearden Metal and I do, but only on principle. Never been a big fan of St. Germaine's liqueur.  Girl, you have no Faith in Medicine, but you should. Not a bad drink.  If you don't like the first one, just have three more. Get it in you. How can you go wrong with meat, fat, bread, and booze? .
This place is great! We had reservations at 8:30 and when we got here they were still packed so we had to wait a minute to be seated. It was no biggie though we just talked at the bar until they came to get us. The kitchen brought us out a cheese plate though to make up for the wait! It was very much appreciated and the cheeses were delicious. I ordered one of their new drinks, Might and Main. It had the new black button vodka in it, along with kale juice, lillet, genepy des alps, and orange bitters. I was not a fan of it. It kind of reminded me of a salad dressing. The server immediately brought me a new drink though when she found out that I didn't enjoy that one. Next I got the faith in medicine cocktail which was very easy to drink and quite good. Much more my taste. First thing we ordered was one of the rillettes du jour, it was truffle chicken. I wasn't really all that impressed with it. It didn't seem to have very much flavor. But it was very buttery and smooth. I would be interested in knowing if the other meats would be more flavorful. We also got the sausage of the day, which was chicken chorizo sausage. It was ahhmazeballs. It had quite a spicy zing to it which was enjoyable. Finally we got the special of the day which was a duck confit. The duck was cooked perfectly. And just fell right off the bone. I want to say that it was one of the best duck dishes I have had. The atmosphere is very intimate and cozy. It makes a great date restaurant. It's quite a different scene from their sister restaurant the always crazy Good Luck. I'm dying to come back here for the booze your own adventure night.
Love love love! Caitlin is the main bartender here and really sold me on Cure. Excellent mixologist, awesome personality, and very knowledgeable about the food, drinks, owners, and the Rochester food scene. On my first visit we chatted for a bit and before leaving she actually wrote down a list of places in the area for me to try- both for food and drinks only. Such a refreshingly kind person, unlike the many snobdouche bartenders I've encountered around town. No argument that there is a plethora of watering holes to chose from in Rochester, but Cure is truly in a class of its own. Inquire about the 'Make Your Own' menu and you'll see what I mean. Great atmosphere, reminds me of home. Cozy, rustic barnyard furnishings, candle lit and dark. Perfect date spot. And in case it wasn't clear: to my Genny/ Blue Light/ PBR drinking friends- keep moving. This place isn't for everyone, I know. That just  means more for me :)
I was going to leave Rochester in a couple of weeks. Before leaving, I wanted to go to some good restaurants that I've been wanting to go and hadn't got a chance. Cure was one on my list. I'm glad that I went there. And I was glad to find out that they have Grenache Syrah on the menu, but unfortunately they don't sell it by glass, only by bottle. So I picked another one with Syrah: Cabernet-Syrah-Merlot. I liked it. We had oven-roasted camembert, garlic sausage and whole branzino. Everything was so good. The fingerling potatoes were well-cooked and cold, perfect with hot camembert. The duck confit in garlic sausage was delicious, so were the white beans and crunchy bread crumbs. The most amazing was the whole branzino. It was steamed and very fresh. I don't know what the greens on top of branzino are, but they were so good with fish. I felt I was in the ocean lol. We also had lavender panna cotta. To be honest, I didn't taste lavender lol, but it was still good. Who can say no to italian custard haha. The service was good too. Our waitress was friendly and patient.
Very impressed with Cure so far. So much so, I went twice in one day. I had a dinner reservation for 5:30 and we were seated by the window. It was sort of cool to see the public market space at night, still lit up for some of the evening. Cure feels like a smaller, more intimate version of Good Luck. With the same owners, it makes sense. The decorations and atmosphere are rustic and romantic, including lots of glass, candles, and a giant meat grinder right when you walk in. During our visit we enjoyed the rillettes du jour (lamb), terrine du jour (chicken galantine wrapped in prosciutto), and the boudin blanc sausages. The rillette reminded me of potted meat (which is preserved in butter) that I recently sampled in London. The Terrine was a bit on the boring side for me, but paired well with its accompanying bread, mustard, and pickled veggies. The sausages were my favorite, reminding me of the traditional English dish of bangers and mash, but much fancier. We ordered each dish separately and the pace was leisurely, which I enjoy.  We probably dined for almost two hours. While we dined, we were told about that night's "Booze Your Own Adventure" cocktails, served from 11pm-2am. We returned with friends, and I selected the following from my options: "Strong, gin, herb, up" and received a lovely cocktail. A little medicinal for my liking, but it still fulfilled my request. During this time they also had a DJ, who played a good mix of dance, soul, and alternative music. He literally never stopped dancing, and a few others joined in as well. I tip my hat to him. In the middle of our meal we briefly met one of the co-owners, who, on our walk back to the car, popped his head out of the door and thanked us again for coming. I'm not sure exactly what I said in response, but I could have honestly said I'll be back again soon.
Another delicious creation from the owners of Good Luck, Cure is always a great option for snacks, drinks or dinner. I've been here a handful of times and while I don't think it's quite as good as its sister restaurant, Cure is always fun and impressive in its offerings. The cocktails here are great and while the number of restaurant-created cocktails is smaller than that at Good Luck, they've got a great bar and can generally accommodate anything you'd like. The sausages are really tasty and I think the Bahn mi is different and probably the best on the menu. All of the large/shared plates are worthwhile and frequently changing, making every experience I've had here a little different. I've been told their hot dogs are where it's at by a very reliable source, and I've been meaning to stop by on a Sunday for their hot-shot special (hot dog, plus a shot). No corkage fee on Wednesdays means you can keep a few extra bucks in your wallet! I've also used Cure for a recruitment dinner for my residency program and Chuck the manager was extremely accommodating for our group (of up to 20 people!), giving us great dinners that made the applicants very excited about Rochester. Can't say thanks enough for that, and once again, for all the great experiences at Cure.
First time visiting Cure. Was very excited to give it a try, and while it didn't completely disappoint, I found it lacking in a few respects. They tout their entrees as "shareable", yet portion size was on the small side considering the price tag. My husband ordered the olive tapenade, which was flavorful, but stingy on bread (three small slices). He also got the charcuterie plate, which was good, but he would have liked more bread and perhaps some cheese to complement all the meat. I got the garlic sausage, which fell a little flat for me. Not salty enough, which left it a bit bland, and the presentation seemed odd. It came sliced and placed in a tiny pot covered with the beans, duck confit (which I wish there had been a little more of) and bread crumb. Wasn't the most attractive presentation, IMO. I ordered the Faith in Medicine cocktail, which was beautiful in every way. Citrusy, pungent, summery and not short on the alcohol or watered down in the least. The bartender (short blonde hair) definitely has a talent for mixology. Easily the best part of the meal. Dessert was decent, a flourless chocolate cake which was more mousse like than cake like (not a complaint)  with a smear of fresh whip on top. Very rich. But it wasn't warm all the way through, though the ramekin it was served in was hot. Service: slightly spacey. No one greeted us when we arrived, though the place wasn't very busy and several waitresses walked right past us, and we were served water that wasn't cold at first. I would probably have ordered a second cocktail if anyone asked (or had come back to check on us in a timely manner), and we probably would have gotten coffee but it wasn't offered. Waitress was cordial enough, just not completely on top of things despite it being what I'd consider fairly slow. All in all, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to write home about. I'd try it again one more time, especially to get my hands on that cocktail once more. If I go back, I'll surely revisit my review.
We were finally able to check out Cure this past weekend and we loved it. We arrived early, ten minutes to opening as we do not live in Rochester, we were finished shopping, starving and cold.  We drove past twice thinking it was Java's! I do not understand the signage issue but whatever. The sweet as pie hostess welcomed us from the cold allowing us to hang out while they lit candles and put finishing touches on the tables.  I had to go to the bathroom and WOW.. I LOVE LOVE LOVE what they have done in the bathroom.  Check it out. Very creative. I told the hostess we would not make an evening of it and could we please have a table for 2 along the wall.  Well she said sure and put us at one of the nicest tables in the place, a 4 top in the nook. Before we sat we had a cocktail at the bar. Bomb. I chose Jacobs Ladder and my man had Faith in Medicine.  Two totally different cocktails, one up, one rocks we loved them both. Then we sat... We ordered, the butter, bread, radish and sea salt.  If you are going to serve radish and butter why slice them?  The unadorned radish should be center stage, with greens attached, what a bummer.  The bread was good, as it should be as they share space with Flour City Bakery. Next up:  crab rillette.  BOMB...we loved this little dish so much.  It was delicious but...more bread. Next up:  Baked Camembert cheese with...............ICED COLD, OUT OF THE REFRIGERATOR potatoes.  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.  What are they thinking?  After two bites I asked for...you guessed it, more bread!  I do not get this dish. Next up:  Beet tapenade with....................MORE MF bread!!  What am I doing to myself?  The tapenade was AMAZING, in fact i have to replicate this and am currently scouring the internet for recipes. So, after all this bread what did we share for an entree you ask?  The Bahn mi on FRENCH BREAD!  OMG am I just plain stupid or was I excited to see this classic Vietnamese  on a menu, in Rochester.  This dish was the one dish that failed. First, the bread was tough, not stale but not toasted (outside anyway).  The four must have components of this sandwich are: French bread, fresh sliced jalapeno, pickled carrots and CILANTRO besides the other fillings.  This is NOT a bahn mi. Overall we loved the vibe and design of this place and we will be back and we will NOT order as much bread!
I had a pretty nice meal, with a large group. So, we had good service and sat in the room upstairs. As a consequence, I can't comment on the overall restaurant, but I can say everything I had from the special, family-style menu for us was delicious. It's got that rustic design thing going on, and it works with their food. There was nothing on the menu that jumped out as me as something you simply must have, but there was nothing on the menu that was bad. Everything was perfectly fine. I'd go back.
Everyone deserves a second chance, right!? After a disappointing experience about a year ago, I was reluctant to go to Cure again, but I'm glad I gave them another try last weekend. I'm not a huge fan of their menu mainly because it's limited to plates to share that mostly involve bread. This past visit was my first time trying their cocktails, and I am hooked. I had no choice but to order the Might & Main ($9) since it was made with Black Button vodka. It was mixed with kale juice, bitters, and something else. It may be a strange taste for some, but I really enjoyed it. Also, major kudos to Cure for making it strong and not a skimpy size. Now on to the food....both dishes my friend and I shared were really tasty. We shared the Mussels Lyonnaise ($16) and the Banh Mi ($14). The broth the mussels were in was delicious and perfect for bread dipping. Not as good as the mussels at Victoire, but a great choice on the menu here. The banh mi was excellent, but there were some problems with its execution. A section of the pork sausage was cold and the meat to bun ratio made it awkward to eat. Irregardless, it was a great sandwich and by no means lacked any flavor. Love the look and ambiance of Cure. It's nestled in between the building strip within the public market, but it is always packed when I go. I definitely want to try the whole branzino my next visit (there's a 30 min wait time for it).
Damn these guys make a mean cocktail! Having been to Goodluck a few times and not too happy with that experience, we weren't sure what to expect with Cure. I have to say the few times we have been, we have been blown away by the attention to detail in food, service and overall ambiance. Cure has developed a delightfully appealing menu peppered with eclectic mixes that are both accessible and delicious. We ordered 2 different cheeses ( blue cheese & feta) and the Lentil meatballs. The lentils were well cooked and had a subtle Indian spice with slow-cooked herby tomato broth. We also ordered the cold sesame noodles that was fresh with hints of peanuts, garlic, parsley. I had 2 of the "Faith in medicine" cocktails and the hubby had to drive me home :) Cure's business model is one that seems perfectly suited to the city's tastes and casual attitude. What's not to love?
NYC style drinks in this here small town of Rochester? I'll take it. For anyone that has spent time in Manhattan or Brooklyn and then relocated to the humble home of Xerox and Kodak, you'll find refuge in Cure. Farm to table food stuffs, amazing mixed drinks, and a hip decor that will make you feel like you're tipping a few back somewhere off the Bedford stop. It doesn't hurt that there are roughly 8 million parking spots outside, so finding a place to stash your whip is a non-issue.
What an absolute disappointment.  I took friends to Cure based upon the reviews I read here.  Clearly, we either visited a different restaurant than the reviewers here or they were on a differen planet.  We had just returned from Charleston, SC, and dinner at the Planters Inn which is regarded as one of the top restaurants in the U.S.  Maybe our expectations were too high but Cure failed in all respects. First of all, this is a bar with a limited menu.  You simply cannot enjoy a full meal here.  The selection of items on the menu, quite frankly, is a bit bizarre.  I'm not a fan of the owners other hot spot in Rochester but at least their selection of foods is better than you find here. On a Wednesday evening, there were only four occupied tables in the restaurant and two servers.  Shouldn't have been an issue except the two of them spent more time conversing with each other than attending to us.  They were young, and clearly in reading the reviews this is a place that young diners favor.  I've come to the conclusion in reading many reviews on Yelp that the palates of the younger set are not as sophisticated as I have come to expect.  I think there's a lot of mediocre food out there and in dining many times at places like Cure that some of the reviewers here have noted they have, they simply have low standards.  Sorry, but the evidence seems to bear that out when I read their other reviews.  Giving everyone 4 or 5s doesn't help differentiate between the good and bad and this was not a good experience. Then there was the air conditioning, or lack thereof.  The restaurant is stuffy and the fans overhead insufficient.  I've been waiting to come to Cure for a long time and unfortunately, this is a place that might be good for the winter but terrible in the summer. As for the drinks, a major disappointment.  Ruggy J notes NYC style drinks.  Well, maybe Ruggy should visit some different NYC restaurants and bars.  The Rubberneck, uninteresting.  The Faith in Medicine, also without taste.  I tried the Rearden Metal.  Better, but nothing spectacular here.  While down South we visited a little place in Charleston called Toast.  Mostly a breakfast place but with a small bar and a bartender who really understood his craft.  They make their own vermouth and bitters at Toast.  I understand that Cure makes their own Vermouth a well.  Let me just say that the art of mixology is missing here unlike the South.   As to the menu, what a strange collection of items.  I recommend passing if yo uconsdier the house-made rillettes.  The trio of tapenades was good, but that was the only item worth eating on this menu.  The Boudin Blanc was the most tasteless piece of sausage I have ever had in my life.  Surpassed only perhaps by the chicken meatballs.  For a place that makes its own sausages, they really don't know how to prepare meat.  The assorted Charcuterie was good but definitely not worth the $16 charged.  There were a few pieces of good sausage there, but let me stress, only a FEW.  The bread is good, but you can't make it on bread alone when you're supposed to be a small plate restaurant featuring meats. The only item we liked as a group was the cold rice noodle salad.  Very good, but then again, I've had better at Vietnamese restaurants in and around town.  Nothing to bring me back here. We left without having desert.  What's the point when the entire experience was so bad.  We went to Chocolate and Vine instead and had some great sorbets, wines, and a luscious Strawberry Ale.  I wish we had gone there for nothing but Chocolate and Wine.  Cure has indeed become the overpriced and gimmicky restaurant that Hope C. said she hoped it wouldn't become.  It would NEVER be on my recommendation list.
I absolutely love this place. I have never had a bad meal here. The fingerling potatoes and Camembert are to die for and an awesome bar snack. Also, the cocktails are fantastic. And don't even get me started on the heaven that was their short series of Sunday brunches. And obviously everyone who works there is a delight.
Love this place, great cocktails, amazing food! Been there twice. First time with a small group of friends, the experience was great. The waitress treated us great, she was very attentive and knowledgeable. The food was fantastic. My friends and I like to order many things and sample a little bit of everything. Cure is the perfect spot for that. The second time was in a private event, and once again the food was great. They had a great selection of appetizers and drinks, really nice. My favorite, their cucumber pickles.You may wonder why, and the answer is simple, I hate, really hate, cucumber pickles, but theirs are so tasty I could just eat that. If you like pork and cured meats, and handcrafted sausages, go to Cure!
Well done, Cure. This is a good spot for a date night assuming you can find this place. Yes, my only wish is that either Cure's red neon glow was more prominent or "Java's" was less distinctive. Onto the restaurant! Cure, as every server will explain, is designed around small plates and sharing except for the larger entrees, though I'm sure you could share them. They offer several rotating options like the daily rillettes and daily pate or terrine. We started with the lamb rillette, chicken galantine wrapped with prosciutto, and finished with the boudin blanc sausages. The lamb rillette was filling, though not particularly distinctive. The chicken galantine tasted like a herbed cold cut and disappeared rapidly. We ended up ordering a side order of Flour City bread to finish the rillette. Note: you get a lot of bread for $2. Fortunately, we used the extra bread to sop up the potato and boudin blanc sauces. After reflecting on my meal, the two best things were the rillette and bread. We returned later that evening because it was Booze Your Own Saturday where you are given a card and you can choose one characteristic from each of the 4 columns like Sean Connery, Whiskey, Smoke, Up. I went with the Goat Hill since it sounded like my drink. Our table did a mix of Booze Your Own and ordering from the menu. I thought about having two drinks, but the Goat Hill finished me.
Now that I've been here more than once, I'm ready to dish about the joy that is Cure. The first time I came here for Yelp's Elite event and was very impressed by the knowledgeable and super friendly staff as well as the cocktails and food. I came again over the weekend and still enjoy Cure but feel as though it is a little bit of a limited experience. I had the Banh Mi sandwich with in house pork sausage ($16). Delicious. Absolutely incredible. I love the hip twist on the sammie while keeping the traditional flavors. Yum. I also got my favorite drink- Bleed the Monkey (it has pineapple salt- just do it) for $9. My main complaint is that Cure's food is SO EXPENSIVE. $16 for sandwiches? $7 for cheese? I know, I know... it's DELICIOUS...  but I do wish there were more budget friendly options so I could enjoy Cure more often.
Great meal! Caitlin behind the bar is awesome. The wine list is spectacular; every ingredient behind the bar is unique and not what you'd typically find elsewhere in town. Chuck, the owner is a great dude. And it doesn't hurt that he's a fellow Atlas Shrugged fan. PS. Be sure to try the Rearden Metal!
I am giving this restaurant 4 stars based on the atmosphere, aesthetics and service.  It really is a nicely designed place and has really excellent touches such as a wooden board menu and a neat take home box.  The decor is awesome and it's really refreshing to have dinner in a nicely designed, hip place in Rochester. The food for me was so-so.  The menu is heavily meat based, which is fine, but if you are not a fan of pate and terrine, you may not love the choices.  I don't have a lot of experience with that type of meat, but I quickly found out that I don't like it at all.  Two of our dishes (the country terrine and chicken meatballs) had a super odd texture and weird fatty pieces.  I understand that this is the nature of terrine and meat loafs, but it's just not for me (and I normally love ALL food!). I wish Cure bar wasn't so focused on this type of fare and focused more on straight up farm-to-table contemporary dishes without all the cured deli-style meat.  Just not my cup of tea.  That being said, I will definitely be back to try more of the menu and to hang out in a really great atmosphere!
Went there with two of my friends, plenty of open tables but when we asked for a table she looked us up and down and said she's not sure it will be about 20 min (we were three guys in casual attire but by no means sloppy). 40 min later, there were still 4 open tables and she told us they're still waiting on big parties and couldn't say how much longer it would be, so we left. I have eaten there before and enjoyed it but now I am NEVER going back.
Four words; Camembert with Fingerling Potatoes! You won't regret it. I also tried a cocktail that was new to the menu, the Might + Main. It was tasty and green from kale juice, so it seemed like a healthy boozy drink.
Cure is a great place with delicious food and cocktails but I have to give Cure 4 out of 5 stars and here's why: they lost our reservation for my birthday dinner, they mixed up our order, and my friend had to visit the hospital the next day for a gall bladder attack (the food is primarily French and very rich). I was okay with these minor disruptions and the owner, Chuck, made it up to us with some complimentary cocktails that evening. However, my friend was not amused so that factor impacted the experience as a whole. I would definitely go again because I very much enjoyed my meal and drinks. I had wine and a cocktail called Faith in Medicine, and we got the rillettes and butter (probably leading to the gall bladder attack) which came with very tasty bread, some seafood specials, and dessert. In hindsight, I would probably forgo the dessert in combination with all the other offerings.
I'm not one to eat a lot of meat. Especially mystery meat type things like terrine or pate. Everything we had was outstanding. Loved the charcuterie plate and especially the bahn mi. I could eat it everyday. I can't remember the name of the cocktail but it was basically a mild mint julep. Perfect drink.  I was disappointed they weren't serving the marrow and foie appetizer. Saw it on their website and really wanted to try.
Cure comes to Rochester's Public Market from out friends at Good Luck. Owner Chuck Cerankosky's third endeavor, Cure is by far his most intimate space. Cure gets its name because of their selection of cured meats and cheeses, charcuterie if you will. It is also rumored that the owners thought that by putting a restaurant at the  Public Market that it might provide a "cure" to Rochester's troubled areas and abandoned spaces. I must admit, heading to the Public Market on an idle Wednesday does seem out of the ordinary to this Rochestarian, but during a recent visit I realized that Cure is located exactly where it should be. I was most impressed by the charming decor of the restaurant. Since I'm used to seeing this space bustling on Saturday mornings filled with  public market goers looking for their next cup of joe (Cure is actually Javas cafe) it translates well into a warm and cozy boutique restaurant. The decor is "barn style," picture chalk boards, mason jars, daisies, exposed wood with red accents etc. Though it may seem odd, the bathroom at cure wins for most creative bathroom I've ever been in. The walls are covered with "cures" for common and not so common ailments ( hangovers, cramps etc) but don't get too distracted, there is only one bathroom at Cure. Sharing is caring. My first trip to Cure was with a bunch of gals for a birthday party. As a vegetarian, I am instantly stressed out by the thought of a "family style" dinner, what will I eat?! My fellow vegetarians, do not fret Cure has plenty of meatless options to choose from. We started with a cheese board followed by a couple of their seasonal salads and vegetables. When the girls meat tray came out, I was feasting on some pasta with shaved parmesan and asparagus. I think collectively our favorite dish was a hot pot with melted cheese and cold potatoes to dip. delish! The menu changes often so be sure to check out their selection on line before you venture out. This wouldn't be a rave review without mentioning their cocktails. Just like Good Luck, the cocktails are handcrafted individually by experienced bar tenders. My favorite: The Bandolier ( Rum with lime, mint and cucumber and soda water.) The bar space is small but comfortable enough for a cocktail while you wait for a table. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable and Mr. Cerankosky thanked us personally for throwing our party at his restaurant. I have been back to Cure twice since my first visit and am looking forward to my next. Most important tip: Cure offers no corkage fee on Wednesdays, so drink up!
Incredibly disappointing.   Been there twice, the first time was OK, this time not so much.  They stuffed my party of five into a booth sized for four.  We ordered martinis and they came in tiny martini glasses and only 3/4 full.  When I questioned the waitress, she said she would fill them up, but never did.  Found out after the meal that though the menu priced them at $9 fer martini, we were charged $12.  They were a rip-off at $9.   The food was mostly good, but the portions are incredibly small and the hot entrees were not hot.  Oh, do three halved brussel sprouts count to make the lamb shank an entree? The bartender need sensitivity training (the one with the funky haircut).  She seated two people at the table next to us, leaned over to me, picked up my crutches and said, "I'm putting these over there." (over there being well out of my reach) and walked away.  I asked the gentlemen whom she'd just seated if the crutches were in the way and they said, "No, absolutely not."  So why did she move them? I wouldn't recommend the place to anyone.  Too bad, too.  Their other restaurant, Good Luck hits on all cylinders.
Being a freelance writer doesn't allow for extravagant (financial) date nights for myself and my freelance graphic artist boyfriend. Occasionally, we say "whatever", let our hair down, get our credit cards, and go out for a cocktail (we're soooo crazy). Given that this is a rare occasion, we do our research and make sure our money is well spent. Translation: we're not messin' around, we're broke. So after a few recommendations, we visited a Cure, after we saw a free poetry reading at the Yards. Albiet short and sweet, we had a great time. It was a quiet Wednesday night, so we were able to hear each other's sweet nothings, unlike the usual bar experience. Our bartender, who was both friendly and cocktail savvy (respectable traits) was fun to talk to talk.The atmosphere that Cure creates is inviting and intimate. The decor was what you expect from a modern restaurant getup (you know, taxidermy is all the interior rage). Cocktails go for about ten bucks, which isn't earth shattering or surprising, and the taste justifies the price. Chuck Cerankosky from Good Luck restaurant has come up with a diverse cocktail menu of classics, classics plus a twist, and interesting infusions. I stuck with a Negroni, but my boyfriend lapped up one of the gin concoctions. We both left red-eyed and pleased. Next time, small plates.
Dang, I LOVE this place!  Having just moved from San Francisco, I really miss the amazing restaurant-scene there.  Thankfully Cure and Good Luck are there to help me fall in love with my new city!  The drinks, help with wine, appetizers, charcuterie-selections, and entrees will all delight you.  Go soon ... and make a reservation -- the place is intimate.
My first review of Cure was after going there once for drinks and once for a meal and although I really liked it, I thought it could honestly go either way -- end up becoming a really cool, unique restaurant or else end up being overpriced, a tad pretentious and gimmicky. I'm really pleased to say that I've been about 7 or 8 times since my initial visit, and each time I've left feeling really happy and, on my most recent visit, buzzing with the haze of a very tickled palate. The food was soooo good. Like melt-in-your-mouth-endorphins-flying-this-tastes-­michelin-star-worthy happy. Despite being the lone ranger at off-hours in the public market, Cure has a following. Never empty, it's always incandescent with tealights and that dimly-lit bistro ambiance. My favorite time to visit is on Sunday nights. And my favorite place to sit is at the bar. You're never waiting for a server and there's usually more than enough of a buzz in the place to keep you interested and happy without feeling cramped. I think these feelings of being a participant and a voyeur at the same time help to make this a great and unique experience. On this most recent visit, we started with the rillettes, a dish on the appetizer menu that changes daily. As mentioned by other reviewers, rilletes is meat cooked and salted in its own fat and then cooled so that the lipids can form a buttery paste that you slather it onto thick slices of bread (make sure your Lipitor is handy). Cure makes their own rillettes in-house and all of them - we'd tried duck, rabbit, salmon prior to this - are delicious. This time they had eggplant rillettes, which is an interesting and creative deviation from the norm. It was NOT disappointing. Further, the PERFECT Flower City Bread that was sliced, buttered with salted butter (key!) and then grilled to an outside-crisp-inside-soft state of bliss was an ideal accompaniment. Next we had the Banh Mi sausage, as Breanna so rightly recommended. House-made sausage on two baguettes (quite a large portion) with pickled carrots and cilantro and all the glorious accompaniments. It was spectacular. Our final dish was a special of the night and it was astounding: a skillet-made omelette/frittata concoction of eggs, butter, milk and tender savory pork belly. You know how in French bistros when the whole place just smells of eggs and butter and cheese but nothing ever tastes quite as good as that smell? This dish TASTED like it, and more.  A small but satisfying portion, very rich, but ridiculously good. Cure has stepped up to the plate with a vengeance. It's certainly a place to try for a night out if you're a little adventurous with the palate and like the European-styled bistro atmosphere. I hope it keeps it up!
This restaurant is a great addition to Rochester and especially the Public Market. The food and drinks are amazing. My husband and I went here twice and were disappointed that we were too full to try more things on the menu! The shaved asparagus, both rillettes, bread and butter, and the black tagliatelle pasta were all amazing. We went back again with more friends and had the country style terrine (amazing) and the butcher steak (also amazing). If I had to make a complaint, it would be that a lot of things are slightly too oily. Especially the bread and butter - the bread is grilled with oil, but then when you add the fresh made butter, it becomes a little much. For some of the dishes, fresh bread instead of grilled (oiled) bread might be better. I also found the pasta dish and the rillettes to be a little oily - delicious, but a little rich - and we may have been able to order more (in other words, more money for them!) if the foods weren't quite so oily. The atmosphere is great, the service is great, and the food is great. I would highly recommend! It is more of a "small plates" style restaurant but prices are relatively inexpensive so you can try a lot of things and leave full (actually stuffed) without breaking the bank. We will definitely be back and tell our friends about it!
NIce space, great servers and bartenders, with tasty apps. Certainly worth checking out.
I finally made it out to Cure. As with much of the hype about this place, my expectations were high. Highlights are the service and the atmosphere. The decor mimics the same rustic, warm vibe as its sister restaurant, Good Luck. The hostess was so sweet - I enjoyed a brief chat with her while waiting for the bathroom. (BTW the bathroom is really cool - I never expected to say that ever. The wall is decorated with home remedies for typical ailments.. hence the name Cure). Our waiter, who also works at Good Luck, was so well versed about the menu. Thanks to him, I finally learned what rilletes are (meat cooked confit and preserved with its own fats and butter). The other bonus of going on a Weds. evening is the BYOBottle deal - no corkage fee. Although unique, I found the a couple dishes we ordered to have a minor fault. We ordered the stuffed squash special - the flavors were delicious; apple, bacon, walnuts baked together. The downside - it was lukewarm, which threw me off. It would have better embodied the comforting dish I expected it to be if it came straight from the oven. We also ordered the Camembert with fingerling potatoes. The Camembert was insanely good. But, as many other reviewers stated, the fingerling potatoes were cold - not what I was prepared for flavor-wise combined with the warm cheese. Perhaps this is a trendy foodie thing I'm not familiar with, but I wished they were roasty, toasty. Finally, we ordered the pork belly with roasted mashed sweet potatoes; such a decadent dish. The sweet potatoes were the star! And the pork belly was melt in your mouth good. But! The greens served underneath the pork belly were over seasoned with salt - inedible. I'm wondering if they were even supposed to be consumed, rather serving as a decoration, but that seems a waste... I do plan on going back to try the charcuterie and cheese platters. The roasted beet dish with goat cheese also popped out at me. And those cocktails - yes! Cure you can win me over! I will quickly find something unique that will keep bringing me back.
We went to Cure for my husband's birthday dinner with about 8 friends in tow. For a small restaurant, they were super sweet and accommodating, and nonplussed by the fact that a few people showed up much later than the original reservation.  We all had a round of drinks at the bar. I was surprised by the prices but my kind friends were paying so WTF. Once I received the drink I understood the price, that sucker was all alcohol! Not normally being a "girl drink drunk", I was impressed. We all had different drinks and all of the were yummy. We then teetered to our table, which took up almost half of the place (did I mention this place is TINY?), and were greeted by our server (super sweet, forgot her name because DRINKS).  We ordered a bunch of small plates to share, all served with a healthy helping of the ever delicious Flour City Bread. Now for a disclaimer, I am not normally a cured meat/terrine person. I chose this place because the dear husband is a great lover of all things meat, and I am an awesome wife. That said, the charcuterie plate was lovely, almost everything I tried I liked. The terrines were mostly delicious, everyone else enjoyed them very much. The house made sausages and rillettes: awesome.  The greens they served with one of our dishes: SALTY. Oh, so salty, and I love salt like nobody's business. I would order a salt lick with dinner if it was offered, and even I had to laugh at them. No bueno. Overall, the meal was delicious, filling (I may have eaten a whole loaf of bread), and well priced. For reference, the value is much better here than at Good Luck. The only negatives I have is the saltiness of the greens and the general noise level/lack of space. No wheelchair could come in comfortably, and this is a special pet peeve of mine. Overall, I will visit again for sure. PS- during the day this place is Java's, where I always go for a Chai Tea after I get my weekly loaf of bread and croissant at Flour City, and the baristas there are always lovely and NEVER burn my milk (unlike Boulder, where the staff always seems too good to be bothered with the likes of me and the milk is too hot 50% of the time).
The staff is fun, the craft cocktails are excellent and always changing. The food is delicious -- always an interesting mix of flavors. It's a favorite place to stop at the end of the work day. Very convenient and easy to get into right when they open at 5.
Food was exactly in line with what I would have expected from an off shoot of Good Luck. Location the Public Market excellently supports a Rochester landmark. Cocktails are well designed and our bartender, Thea, was fabulous. If I had ordered nothing I still would have been entertained and pleased: I was enthralled by her skills. Interior atmosphere trendy, but not too cliche. Loved the in house peanut butter/jelly/seasalt coated in milk chocolate candybar - basically I am saying don't forget to order dessert!
First, I need to emphasize that I LOVE cured meats and cheese, and french food in general so I was very excited when I found this place. I came here on a Sunday night for a celebratory dinner and we went a little crazy with the ordering (it was just us two girls). We tried the house made pork rillettes, which was delicious. The camemebert was good but I preferred to eat it with bread and the potatoes, beware that they charge you for extra bread. The duck foie gras was decent, I think next time I would order one of the other foie gras. I was very disappointed with the rabbit pate. In my opinion pate should be softer so I can spread it on my bread, but this came out with the consistency of a thick slice of spam (no good). The drinks were unique but I found them to be a bit strong. For dessert we tried the chocolate croissant pudding, which was amazing. My overall experience here was good.  The service was great, and most of the food was good. With the limited french cuisine choices in Rochester, I definitely recommend Cure. Happy eating!
Lovely food at very affordable if not downright cheap prices for what you get. Eclipses almost every other restaurant in Rochester without the prices. New favorite go to place ! Outstanding food, inventive cocktails that compliment and pair with  their food menu nicely and great prices for what you get.
I would give it five stars but it was a bit pricey and I do think they could improve on a few things.   Overall, this was an absolutely delicious meal with fantastic service. We will absolutely be back again!!! On a note for improvement, the drinks were so expensive....particularly for Rochester.  However, the homemade tonic was sublime!  Also, I agree with another poster that the charcuterie was a bit stingy.  We had 1 pickled piece of zucchini.  One!  For four people. With such an inexpensive item it looked ridiculous. And, for the price of the platter, really?   Again, the food was fantastic and we will definitely be back!!!
Stopped in on a whim with a few friends. Everything we had was delicious, however the only confusing part was portion size of some of the things we were ordering. For example, the seasonal vegetable portion was tiny but listed with other entree-sounding items, sort of disappointing for $9, but the preparation was great. We ordered the potatoes with Camembert, which was yummy, but was a little puzzled why the potatoes were served cold. (I tried the melty Camembert on one of the roasted potatoes that came with the early seasonal vegetables and I thought the warmth helped to bring out more of the flavor than it did on a chilled potato.) The house made sausages were good-- loved the caponata they were served with. Also tried the fava bean hummus which was really delicious (although I would not call it a hummus, it was so light). Next time I would like to try some of the charcuterie and cheeses. Also, the service from our waitress was great. We did wait a little while for our food to come out. The scene was slightly hectic when we arrived, someone who worked there said hello to us but then left us standing at the door-- do we wait to be seated? is there a wait? Someone else came and helped us in a couple minutes but it was slightly disorganized. It was busy and also chalk this up to the place being so new.
Ran in this place and ordered something quick.  Going back later for a deep dig.  Very nice space.  Will be back for coffee and more....
I REALLY want this place to make it.  I am a big fan of the concept, the location and the owners. Having said that the prices for drinks are Manhattan prices ($12.50 Martini) and not Public Market prices.  I think a less exotic collection of beverages is in order.  No one will drive from the high rent districts for such an expensive experience. The food is reasonably priced.  The portions need to be more consistent.  You should not walk our hungry after dropping more that $100 for two.  Fortunately those are all solvable problems.
Amaz central. Rochester expat has finally found "the" place to bring out-of-towners! Cure has a compact, impeccably-crafted menu, solid wine list, and yummy custom cocktails, along with an unstuffy, cool staff.  Can't wait to come back during the holidays and see what the winter menu looks like! Big hopes that Cure is even more successful than its predecessor Good Luck.
Delicious Meal  Love everything about about the place.  The only thing we would have changed is that the fingerling potatoes with the warm cheese were cold.  We weren't expecting that and would much rather have had them room temperature
atmosphere very unique and perfect for "public market" area.  Menu a little too "foodie", but encourages you to try new things!....definitely check it out and I will be back.
Great location only exceeded by food and service!  Great cocktails, the camembert starter is crazy good if you like warm, buttery cheese. Looking forward to going back soon!
Went there for a friends birthday.  So four of us.  My friends didn't like the restaurant , but I loved it.  Thou I have been there before, so I knew what to expect.  I thought the food was great.  Very different flavors and organic.  The bar is limited but very interesting.  I had a Faith in Medicine, I loved it so I ordered two of them...the people we were with did not like much of anything.....So I say to all the reviews.. try if for yourself.. I think Chuck is doing a great Job there and I personally would go back.  My only complaint is better ceiling fans, it was a bit warm....try big ass fans.com    We will see you soon.
I don't really understand all the local hype about this place. As at Good Luck, the waitstaff are slightly pretentious but tolerable. However, the food left a lot to be desired. The potatoes in the camembert appetizer were underdone, and the terrines were fine but nothing to write home about. As an entree I had the beef bourguinon, which had very little beef in it and was comprised mostly of noodles. For $24. Seriously? The interior decors is fun and interesting, but I don't think I'd go back here for more than a class of wine and maybe an appetizer. It's definitely not worth the price. Then again, it's possible they were just having an off night.
Probably the best meal I have had in Rochester.  Everything was cooked to perfection, and there was such an emphasis on textures in addition to flavors.  The service was superb too!
Dinner at the Cure last night.  Food was ok, but the srevice was horrible and the delivery of the food was horrendously slow.  The duck confit was a bit over done, but tasty.  We ordered the pate du jour and an assorted charcutterie platter.  They compined it all on one platter without informing us which begs the question what did they leave off the platter as people who ordered just the assortment had just as many items as we did.  The last dish was Lamb meatballs, tasty, but like half our items the presentation was lacking. The gap until the last dish was over a half hour.  I begged my wife to cancel and get the check so we could leave, but she didn't want to be "rude".  The couple next to us was so tired of waiting they cancelled their last dish and recieved a free glass of champagne as an appology, paid to complain.  They have one restroom and I waited for ten minutes for the person to come out, they never did, and while I was waiting I watched in the kitchen.  The cook, I won't call him a chef as a chef would have things under control, was in there by himself shooting the bull with a guy in black that was hanging out, while the couple next to us were waiting for a dish.  Nice premise with lousy execution.  We and the couple next to us decided we would never return.  The other establishment by the same person, Good Luck, was much better.  Guess you can only watch one at a time.
