This is the best place in the world for two reasons: 1) the food is fabulous! I stopped here on a road trip with my husband and two kids. I had no idea what a spiedie is, but opted for the original chicken spiedie. The marinated chicken is amazingly moist and delicious! They also sell the marinade so you can take it home and make your own spiedie. It was delicious and there were kid friendly options too - burgers, fries, etc. 2. Outstanding customer service. No eye roll from the cashier when I asked what a spiedie was; our food was served quickly; most importantly though, I left my keys at this restaurant and he staff MAILED THEM TO ME when I asked. Can't get any nicer or better than that. Thank you Spiedie and Rib Pit!!!
I really love spiedies, they are a must have when I visit the Binghamton area, and Spiedie and Rib Pit is my favorite place for them. Spieidies are bite sized pieces or chicken or pork marinated for a long time in a vinegar/citrus/garlic/spiced marinade. They are then grilled and often placed on a roll or slice of bread. Spiedie and Rib Pit gets creative with the sandwich options offering greek, caesar, buffalo, and other flavors either on a roll or a pita. I really like the flavor of the marinade so I keep my order basic with just spiedie chicken on a roll. The marinade soaks into the bread a little making every bite soft deliciously seasoned. I should mention that I almost always get cheese fries too. The fries here are good and perfectly cooked. The cheese sauce is really nothing special, just typical orange fake cheese sauce, but everyone enjoys a little fake cheese now and  then. Prices are pretty reasonable here. A half chicken spiedie and cheese fries is around $7, and it's definitely a lot of food, I usually have to take some of the chicken off the roll and eat it separately as not to make a giant mess. At Spiedie and Rib Pit they also offer premarinated raw meat in containers you can take home and cook yourself if you are planning a BBQ. They also have house made salads (macaroni etc) so you could easily come here and have everything you need for a cookout. I liked this location a little better than the one on the parkway as they have outdoor seating and larger booths inside, but I don't notice any difference in quality between the two.
We stopped by here on our way to a work meeting for lunch. Its a small place but there are tables inside if youre stating to eat. I got the spiedissimo on a pita for lunch and it was pretty yummy. The chicken is nicely seasoned and there is a lot of it! Overall for a lunch place I would say this is a solid option.  Good food for a reasonable price.
This place makes a damn good Buffalo chicken Spiedie. I haven't had a better Spiedie anywhere in the area.  Great place for a student to get a quick lunch before work or class.
Been here lots of times, always great food. I try something different nearly every visit and have loved everything. I am usually with someone and two people sharing a drink and fries is always a great price. Plus, they are open late!
Amazing chicken sandwich!! Totally worth the stop. Will come here again. Service was quick and efficient. Decent bathroom as well.  We enjoyed the outdoor seating!
Took a run at the menu: pork spiedie, Greek style; capresse, the chicken sandwich, and the  spiedissimo, with (huge) sides of cheese wiz-covered fries and onion rings. All were good, though the pork was tastier than the chicken. Staff were super friendly and even more patient as my kids tried to figure out what they wanted to eat. Would definitely stop again.
Spiedies are to the Binghamton area what wings are to Buffalo. What is a spiedie you ask? Spiedies are marinated pieces of grilled chicken or pork. The Spiedie and Rib Pit has a variety of different sandwiches made with spiedies. My particular favorite is the "Spiedissimo". This delicious sandwich features chicken spiedies with provolone cheese, roasted peppers and onions served on a grilled pita. So good - wonderfully seasoned  and *stuffed* with meat.  My wife enjoys the "Endwell". It's served on a hoagie roll with chicken (or pork), mushrooms & melted provolone cheese. So why subtract a star?  Cleanliness. The place is a mess. Expect to find food on the floor and dirty tables. There doesn't appear to be an employee dedicated to cleaning up the place.  It's also quite cramped with limited seating and one bathroom. To be clear, The Spiedie and Rib Pit is a bit of a dive. You order at the counter, wait to be called, and find a place to sit. Nothing fancy here, but the food is well worth it.  If taking I-81 or I-86 through Binghamton please do yourself a favor and stop here for lunch. I promise that it's much better than any fast food option around.  A true taste of Binghamton! Note - You can purchase a contain of marinade to bring home with you!
Close to the interstate- Good food- Fast! We stopped here based on Yelp reviews since we were passing through the area on a vacation. We were very pleased that the restaurant was so close to the interstate (.4 miles on the right off I-81) so we weren't driving around an unfamiliar area looking for it. We found the menu was very easy to choose from even for our picky children. The ribs, Greek and pulled pork sandwiches were fantastic!!! I would definitely recommend this as a pit stop during travel or even as a quick bite for locals. The staff was very friendly and the wait time was short. We were able to have a sit down worthy meal quickly and get back on the road. If we pass through here again we wouldn't hesitate to stop here for a meal.
My first spiedie in Binghamton! I had the chicken and it was great. This place is a little far if you're at school but the trip is worth it.
Just happened to be driving by heading back to Boston. Got a 6" chicken with blue cheese and wife got 6" pork. Really really good. So good in fact picked up some marinade.  Hopefully I can replicate this back home. Note: for the blue cheese fans, my blue cheese was pretty weak and it is possible it was either not correct or just a thin dressing.
Food is awesome! I had a mushroom and cheese spiedie and the chicken was great seasoned  just loved it. My brother had some BBQ ribs, they were very well done. We are coming back for sure in our next trip. It's time to go home after such a great meal
Excellent spidie subs... Fresh bread, tender chicken or pork. The Greek spiedie sub or BBQ are delicious.  Freshly made desserts by Sugar Mamas are a necessity - try the chocolate/Carmel dipped pretzel, chewy/crunchy/salty ..itwon't make it home  if you are like me :). The "ciabatta-bing" sandwich  is irresistible and a must try.  Great service,  spiedie & rib pit is a must for any Binghamtonian or visitor. (Past SUNY Broome-) Tip we always: buy an extra sub or the full sub (vs. half) - these make great lunch the next day to take for work,  great even without reheating!
I used to love this place, and visited it quite frequently...even though sometimes it was great, other times not so great. During my last visit, I witnessed  one young girl cash me out at the register, then proceed to hand chop cucumbers for salads without washing her hands or wearing gloves. I then witnessed the young man on the grill make my sandwich with his bare hands!!! I politely told these workers that I could not eat the food prepared for me because it was not prepared in a sanitary manner. I apologized, asked for my money back, and was treated a bit rudely from one of the girls. I had planned on letting this go...until I noticed the amount refunded back to my card was less than what I had initially paid!!! Not only was I incredibly disappointed by seeing unsafe food handling, which could make someone sick, I got ripped off as well!!!
This place is a nugget. Make sure to order a sandwich pita style. Don't make the mistake of ordering a roll.. The pita is essential. Greek is my favorite and the fries are amazing. Good location at the interchange of a few major highways.
Yelp checked me in to this location, but I was actually at the Vestal location. See my review over there.
On the way back from a weekend in the finger lakes. Yesterday's 6-hour wine tour left everyone less than whole. This was a great lunch stop. Just off the highway. Warm grilled spiedies. Try to arrive right before or after noon to avoid the lunch rush.
This place is so good. The service is fast and the food is great. The only thing they could do better is have one next to my house. Please don't think it is a four star hoyty toyty place because it is not, but if you want something different it is worth the extra effort to get here.
Must eat spiedies here!  Fresh food. Eat chicken spiedies no other sauce on it. Docked them a star because staff needs to tend to garbage more quickly.
There are great descriptions of spiedes in the reviews below.  If you're from out of town, this is WAY better than stopping at some crappy fast food place or chain.  We drive through Binghamton several times a year and make it a point to stop here each time to get our Spiedie fix.  Their prices are reasonable, their Spiede bread (kind of like a sexy pita) is amazing, they have great combos (the Chipotle one is my fav) and they stock Sriracha hot sauce at each table.  I mean, it cannot get more perfect than this. In summary, it's delicious, the place is quiet and unassuming, service is friendly and fast, oh yeah, and it's fucking delicious!!!  A non-native begs you to try this at least once, you will be hooked.
I have been to this business perhaps more than any other location in the region.  The food (speedies) are a local dish, not found outside the region although any trip to Greece would make you understand their origins.  It is a marinated meat, usually pork or chicken served in various manour, pita, sub, roll, or on skewers.  And served with various toppings.  My personal favourite is the Greek speedie.   Not all speedies are made equal, meaning there are places I avoid, however this location, near highway on and off ramps and the consistent quality of the food make this my preferred spot.   The food is well worth it, although I have never eaten any thing but speedies there.  I certainly recommend this place!
Update: I had to knock two stars off the review I have previously given.  I went there about a month ago (needless to say I havent been bacj since) and I ordered a chicken sandwhich with cheese.  It was a weeknight and there was only one other person in the place and they were already eating, so it isnt like they were busy.  Well during my time waiting someone brought in a poster and asked if they could hang it up, the workers took the poster and said they would ask their boss.  The rest of the time the people working were more concerned with playing around about this poster than they were about making my sandshich because when I got home it had mushrooms on it.  I am not sure how you equte mushrooms into an order of "chicken sandwhich with cheese" but they did. You gotta go when they have their "ciabatta-bing" sandwhich.  I believe it is only Tuesdays and Wednesdays for lunch, so make it a point to go.
Excellent food.  They make their own spedie marinade and their buffalo species where phenomenal.
I am a devoted fan of the chicken caesar spiedie sandwiches. There are a number of Spiedie & Rib Pit locations in the Binghamton area. According to one of our friends (a Binghamton native), this is considered to be the best of the bunch. In my experience, it is much better than the Vestal Pkwy location. This is a great place for take-out.
Stopped here on a road trip from SC to the Adirondack mountains via I-81/I-88.  The atmosphere is typical central NY - a lackluster storefront next to an auto parts store with somewhat unfriendly staff.  However the delicious Greek spiedie sandwich absolutely makes up for these shortcomings.  I would stop here again for lunch.  These are the types of finds that make road trips fun.
If you are an out-of-towner, you owe it to yourself to try spiedies, a food native to the Binghamton area. For those uninitiated, spiedies consisted of uniquely marinaded meat (originally lamb, but nowadays either chicken or pork) skewered and grilled, then served on some variety of bread--italian bread, sub roll, pita, etc. The Spiedie & Rib Pit is among the many places you can sample this local delicacy and in my opinion is among the best. They offer their spiedies in a number of different ways--traditional, Greek-style, Buffalo-style, Chicken Caesar, etc.--and they consistently have tremendous flavor. For accompaniment, the french fries and onion rings are really good. For fast food in the Binghamton area, you really can't do better than the Spiedie & Rib Pit. Service is always quick and the food is consistently good. Excellent for take-out or for a quick lunch.
Just lost my spiedie virginity and loved it. Nothing fancy here, but the spiedies were tasty, as were onion rings.  The service was friendly and patient with my party of mostly newbies.   If you're nearby, don't waste the opportunity to taste something different, and skip the corporate plastic fast food places on this strip.
Food was awesome, prices good, and speed of food prepared *amazing*. Would absolutely come back here again. To THOSE TRAVELING: There is seating inside; it's deceptive looking from the outside.
First time tried a spiedie and I wasn't disappointed. This is a small fast food place. They have outdoor seating as well. I ordered the chicken spiedie and the flavor was just fantastic. They have other things in their menu as well. Burgers, sandwiches, salad and BBQ ribs. Will definitely go back.
First time and I am in love. The staff was crazy (great) nice and very friendly. After realizing I was new, the manager immediately offered a sample to help me get a feel for the offerings. After deciding on chicken I went for the Greek and was not disappointed. It was amazing and I've bookmarked this place for my next trip to the area. My only regret: I didn't buy the spices to take home with me. I'm hoping I can get it them on line. Speaking of online, the Toffee a.k.a. Krack is not available online yet so be sure to buy a bag while you are there.
Great quick lunch! The Greek and Speidissimo were flavorful and filling aaaand cheap! A little salty but that won't keep me from stopping every time I pass through Binghamton.
I've heard for years from my Mom (who grew up near this area) about how tasty spiedies were.  Never having had one before, I was a bit nervous to drag three other people along with me for the experience, but we were all really happy with the food.  We ended up split with half of us getting chicken and half going with pork.  We also got an order of fries and an order of onion rings to share.  The onion rings were SO good!  Perfectly crispy and delicious.  The meat was nice and tender, perfectly cooked, and didn't have any pieces of gristle or fat so I could tell it was hand trimmed by someone that knew what they were doing and wasn't just out to save a buck.  The rolls were also good, soft on the inside with a nice slightly chewy crust.  I'd definitely go back.
Awesome sandwiches! Went on a whim at the end of a 5-day road trip to the finger lakes & Niagara Falls. Best food we had on the whole trip!
Any time my husband and I are traveling through Binghamton, we stop here. The spiedissimo has to be one of the best things I've ever eaten.
its a simple thing; when i'm in binghampton, spiedies t'is. the wife asks for this every time were coming back from visting fambly in syracuse, and she's tough on food. we'd happened upon this place looking for spiedies en route back to homestead. an ex-gf introduced me to speidies in the 80s; she'd gone to SUNY cortland, and binghamton and speidies where known to her. by her lead, i'd always associated speidies w/ beer and dark local bars. we got the buffalo wing and blue cheese speidies both times; the first time we also got the regular and the second we got the mesquite. we'll go w/ the latter line up next time. speidies are, in this case, chicken chunks marinated and then either blue cheesed or buffalo chix sauced, slapped on a roll and put in your grubby little mitts. the way i'd remembered them was lamb, pork or chicken but this is probably better description and history en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sp…. the traditionalist gets the pork here; those lesser inclined to tradition are encouraged to try the others. if you want the authentic old-school experience, find a local that does a good job w/ 'em, and have a genny red neck or screamer with.
Somewhere else on the www someoen wrote that there are not real speeides becuase they are "faniced up:...  But I like them, or at least the greeke spiedie one which is what I stick to.   The service is ok, farily quick... No wwhy woudl one go to neighboring Wendy's Arbys etal when this local joint is around?
Got toppings this time.  Sandwich is awesome.  Given that you can hop off 81 on one exit, continue heading north and get back on at the next exit, and getting a delicious $5 meal takes about 3 minutes, it's real hard to complain.
I love their ribs. Sauce was so tasty i was craving for more. I will buy some next time i visit binghamton. Keep it up guys.
Spiedies...one thing that I haven't been able to find since I moved to NYC, though you can bet I've tried. This is undoubtedly the best place to get them (I'm a fan of the chicken caesar sandwich, myself). While it's not fancy, this place has a devoted following, for a good reason: it's delicious. Never overcooked or dried out, their spiedies are what they ought to be. Oh, and they have the best french fries I've ever had, too.
Spiedes are a regional delicacy so when in Rome.....
wow, SRP needs some work... now for you who don't know, there are 3 diffrent lupos. there is the loupos marinade, lupos charpit, and the SRP. so the loop's marinade, only do the marinade, the charpit is the best by far, i'll review that in the next one, and the SRP, is the grossest. the place is kinda beat, counter service style take out. we got the grill behind the line and typical COKE PRODUCTS. they do have a cooler w. some cold sides you can get and some extra drinks, but whatever, nothing creative. the one thing they do have, thats awesome, which consequently they dont even make, is these desserts right on the counter. get them, they rock. i suggest the peanut butter pretzel rod. back to the food, i got a chicken speidie sub w/ hotsauce and sub sauce, a water, and french fries, it was like 12 bucks! pricey!!! the girl at the counter was beat, she had sweat pants on, wasnt nice, didnt care about me at all just took my order and my money. she gave me a look when i drew a nice fat line through the tip section :) the cook was some acne'd out...watching high fidelity, awesome move, the cook had some over sized t-shirt trying to be a white thug, and no persoanlity, actually the place was kinda dirty. so i get my food, i had to beg for ketchup, and left. the sandwich was small, under filled and SALTY. why are us americans obsessed w/ salt. why. roll was soggy. hot sauce, was, mild sauce, chicken cubes were small, old, and dry. BLAH, how do people get off selling food like this, i'd feel bad. i have a conscience, i could not live w/ my self if i sold him that. ps SRP, get some decent lookin people working there. you know why? because pretty people then to make crappy things look better. if Charlize, was hustling me those speeds, believe me, i wouldn't be writting this. i'd prob be sick all night w/ food poisoning, but whatever the reason :P
I saw god at this place. Makes me want to move to Binghamton.
Just off the Binghamton exit of I-81 lies Spiedie & Rib Pit, a fast food joint that serves a sandwich as popular to that region as a cheesesteak is to Philadelphia. That sandwich is called a spiedie, a marinated shishkabob served in a hoagie roll. Spiedies are the invention of Italian immigrants who moved to Upstate New York in the early 1920s. Traditional spiedies were made from spring lamb, but most commercial restaurants now use chicken or pork. Robyn, Chris W, and I stopped in for a combo meal, which includes our choice of a sandwich, fries, and drink. I picked the Spiedissimo, a spiedie with provolone, roasted green peppers and onions, and a tangy sauce with lots of olive oil. Perhaps the only thing that would make this sandwich even better is roasted red peppers. The meat and veggies were juicy good and flavorful. It was like a chicken cheesesteak with chunks of chicken instead of sliced chicken loaf. In my opinion, that makes a spiedie better than most chicken cheesesteaks I've experienced. The fries were crisped the way I like. Other spiedie choices include Buffalo chicken, bleu cheese chicken, and chipotle. I'll save these for future trips.
This place is your best bet at tasting what Binghamton is all about when it comes to making great marinated meat. I usually get chicken. The Chicken Spedissimo is delicious here. They overnight the marinades & grill the meat just right---not overcooked and dry like other places. I strongly recommend this place over any other spiedie places in the southern tier.
This Place is Great! I eat here almost every time I'm in the Bing. Great representation of Upstate New York Style of cuisine.
A few reasons to eat here. Great spiedies. Over the years, I've tried most of them from the purist, meat on bread, to the fancier models. I prefer the pork Endwell with a BBQ dipping sauce. Okay so I'm not a speidies purist fanatic. I save my purist fanaticism for the Spiediefest & Balloon Rally in August where the first spiedie is lamb on bread and second is pork on bread. Also, you gotta try the fries with the cheese sauce on the side. The fries remind me of the pomme frites I used to get in Belgium & Germany. Their Italian subs, Philly cheese steak sandwiches, BBQ baby back ribs, and potato salad are great for take out. And if you're too busy or lazy to brew your own spiedies, you can buy spiedie meat by the pound that's ready for the grill. Go to their web site spiedieandribpit.com and check out the menu.
What a great dinner stop while on the road. Loved the Greek Spiedie (grilled chicken, tzatziki, feta, lettuce, tomato wrapped in seasoned grilled pita).
Definately worth a side trip. The sandwiches are great, only complaint is that they forget the cheese every time.
Swing in every time on my trip to the southern tier. They never disappoint!
I am always on the search for the real deal regardless of where we travel--the best the little town or village can offer. Man! We struck gold today at this modest place. Definitely worth a side trip-- or if iit's on your way, even better. These are the best speidies I have ever eaten-- perfectly marinated, juicy ( these things are commonly dried out) and not skimpy at all. My greek wrap was a wonderfully grilled pita, chock full of chicken, feta, lettuce and a bit light on the tomatoes and onion-- all bound together in a feta based sauce. Not much for ambience-- but we came for the meat... And were not disappointed.
Every time I go to Binghamton this is a must stop for lunch and dinner!  Buffalo Spiedie Sub with fries and a coke...or a chicken sub with extra sub sauce is my old fav with a bag of salt-n-vinegar chips!!  I Live in CA so I get the dry spices for marinating and bbq'n at home!  Never disappointed!!'
Spiedie's are the BEST. The variety is near limitless, and it's worth the wait in the teeny restaurant and not knowing where to stand and wait....one bite and you forget everything before. Not only is it delicious, but you can buy raw preseasoned meat, the marinade, seasoning mix...SPIEDIE ALL THE TIME!! We don't make a trip anywhere west without stopping for spiedie's. Do it. Trust me. You'll like it.
Great sandwich/meal. And inexpensive too.  We got two Speidies and 2 drinks plus 1 fry for $15.09  Very flavorful and fast.  Acros the street at Moes $ 11.86 for a stack 1 drink w chips and queso. Thanks ro thw Yelp recomondation.  We'll make Spedies a place to stop on our road trips.
Right off the 81 it's fast and delicious ! Get the chopped pork or the chopped chicken
Wow. This place was awesome and completely unexpected. We got the steak and cheese spiedie a with fries and the food was excellent. Wouldn't hesitate to go back and would highly recommend to people passing thru that are looking for a tasty fast meal.
I personally know the workers that prep and cook the food, also the people that take your order. The food is always fresh and hot as can be. Comes off the grill or out of the fryer and onto the plate. Does not get better than that!
Hands down best spiedie and french fry spot. They even have the old school ketchup and mustard squeeze bottles on all the tables.  I like to write my name in franks hot sauce before i dig in.
i've had food from the vestal restaurant plenty of times, but only had food from the front street one 2 or 3 times. that being said, the front street one is a lot better. it seems like they put more care into their food, they cut their spiedies different and it they seem to cook better and the marinade seems to penetrate the meat more. they also offer a steak sandwich, which is different than the philly cheesesteak. the steak sandwich is pretty good, my only gripe is that they use Felix Roma keiser rolls and i'm not a fan of those. their cheesesteaks differ from vestal too, they don't chop up the meat here, which i feel results in a juicier sandwich. they have decent fries too. the only complaint i've had about my visit here is that one time i got a pita that had waaaay too much oil on it and it messed up the texture. i have yet to try any bbq items from this place but if it's anything like the vestal location then i'm not missing out on much. i don't go here too often because it's a little out of the way for me, but i'd definitely like to try more of their menu.
Divine!! Never had a spiedie before. It's my new fave lunch fare. Chicken was tender and spicy; pita bread perfectly toasty and soft. Wish I lived in Binghamton!  At least I can take the marinade home to CA with me.
yummy! we were on the road between ithaca and poughkeepsie on the college search and trying so hard to avoid theusual chain fast food type places. Fortunately there was a highway sign (kudos for helping local business) and we stopped by- it is on the crossroads between 81 and 88 ( i think, so it didn't alter our drive time). friendly staff,and i did not even know what a spiedies is even though i have been to greece. i had a chicken spiedies and the meat was so juicy and flavorful, not dry like most chicken sandwiches are. my only regret is that we dont live anywhere close to here so i hope i make it back. we bought the spiedies juice and marinade so we can have it at home. service was pretty fast too!
Yelp reviews brought us here. First time for us, people were great! They let us taste test some items. Food was good, but does not rate as must stop each time visiting Binghamton.
Best spedies in the area by far (meaning best spedies on the planet), I'm a picky eater and like every variation they serve.  The spedie caprese is my favorite on the pita, try it! Now!
Love all the special sandwiches, especially Greek and Buffalo chicken.  French fries are perfect.  Upper front is superior to Vestal Parkway S and R Pit for whatever reason.  I wish there was more seating at Upper Front, can't ever get a seat with my wife whereas Parkway always seems to be just about empty.  Lupos is good with their standard spiedie and french frys in a greasy brown bag, but you can make the same thing on your grill at home with the marinade.  Spiedie specials and ribs here are worth getting every week.
good buffalo spiede sub,  would def. recommend it.
Spiedies are nothing to write home about, there is nothing unique or specific to the souther tier about this item. When your surrounding establishments are those to the likes of Nirchi's I suppose there isnt much else.. It is nothing more than marinated cubes of chicken (insert different flavor) in a pita. I prefer a good gyro or even schwarma any day.
Yum!  Found on Yelp - a fun surprise.
