One of the best in Binghamton, NY. My best friend and I came here after it was recommended to us from a local couple living here. Let me tell you, the food was phenemonal. We had the creamy mushroom and gazpacho soup, and their infamous homemade pesto sauce with pasta. Place is small, cozy, and CLEAN. Will come back!Definitely worth the 3 hour drive. Gave it a 4/5 because we left with our clothes smelling like grease, they need a better ventilated system.
Disappointing lunch. My sons tempura had hair BAKED into it. Not laying on it but actually cooked into it. The manager was too busy in the kitchen to come out. Our server did the best she could in an embarrassing situation but it was obvious she was stuck dealing with the situation. Otherwise food was OK. Quiche seemed runny and I was concerned eggs were not fully cooked so I only ate half of it. Taste was just OK. Apparently the management did not feel this was important enough to address as it was NOT busy and she never made an attempt to apologize for the hair. They did comp the cost for my sons meal. Probably will not return.
My husband and I chose this for our wedding anniversary! The service was phenomenal, very attentive, very pleasant and super helpful-ALL the Staff! My husband had the special "whole" Burger, which he stated he enjoyed. I was pleased with all the choices and-of course the attention to details the establishment and staff took to make sure my meal was satisfying and SAFE! I had the "WHOLE" enchilada! Which I read earlier someone said was "underwhelming" I am going to have to DISAGREE! My meal was well seasoned and nicely portioned! Sadly we did not to have the Fabulous Garlic Ball-NOT GF! However left with full but not stuffed! We did not have dessert but I did have Coffee which was divine-Featured Flavor-JamaicanmeCrazy? Only issue was VERY COLD-Please Please more heat!
Returned for dinner with a friend and had another great experience. We split the split-pea soup (ha), garlic ball, burger special (organic, local burger with fries) and big tease sundae. The soup was so flavorful and had great texture thanks to the fresh carrots. The garlic ball was as good as they say and the burger was top-notch - amazing fries, too. The sundae, well, you'll have to see for yourself. ;-)
Another lovely find on the road. We spend the night in Binghamton (Johnson City) when traveling from DC to Vermont and this filled the dinner role. The garlic balls really aren't to be missed. Sure, it's just a whip on garlic bread, but they are really good. I don't remember the entire order, but we did have the homemade pesto which is very good, the salmon (excellent), and the black bean chili. Overall, the food was solid, the service good enough, and atmosphere very nice. I think that for four of us in this type of restaurant (the two adults are vegetarians) the bill ran a bit higher than expected. With that said, we'll go back for sure.
This restaurant is very cute. It has a lot of character and history. Lots of different things looked interesting on the menu. I got a pita sandwich with tofu and tempeh. The Tempeh was alright, but the tofu was very plain. The sandwich on a whole didn't have much flavor, and was underwhelming, though edible. My dining companion got an enchilada that he felt was similarly underwhelming. However, we both loved our garlic ball. Prices were much higher than they should be. Garlic Ball costs $6 and is about the size of your fist.  Underwhelming enchelada will set you back $13 for the small size, $17 of "dinner". I want to like this place, it's charming. But the food seems to be from a previous era of vegetarian cuisine. I regret not trying the pesto, I would be willing to return and try again some day, but the price point makes me hesitate.
Great spot to go for guilt free chicken fingers. I loved their hummus and pita bread and the Whole Burger. I loved grabbing just about anything from this spot.
Excellent Food.  Well prepared and extremely good sauce.   Friendly atmosphere.   Great waitress.
I lived in the area for many years, yet now live out of state. So when thinking about where to have lunch with my friend, we decided to return to Whole in the Wall! So many years later and the restaurant still maintains it's comfortable feel and delicious food. I had the seafood platter and brown rice. I did not take advantage of the "restaurant week" pre-fixe choice; however, my friend did enjoy the soup, tostada, and delicious dessert with raspberries and cream on a brownie or was it a chocolate chip delight!?! Anyway, thanks for being a constant in my life!
Service was phenomenal. Definitely should try it out if you are looking for a lite lunch. I had the chicken pita pocket with the special Russian dressing. I highly recommend it and the raspberry brownie sundae. Its a cute and small place for friends. I would call ahead of time if you have a large group to make a reservation. Overall, the food is delicious.
Very cute place with tons of small town feel to it.  I liked how fresh everything was, and how friendly our servers were.  Def had a crunchy granola hippie vibe going for it - which I can respect. The food was 4 stars. Very flavorful, fresh, delicious, healthy and good vegan options. The wait time was 2 stars. Simple things should not take this long. The price was 2 stars. I liked their smaller portions, but just felt a bit ripped off for what I got. I'd come back, I liked it and it was the best I had in Binghamton.
Some of the best food in Binghamton. Portions are always perfect and I always feel great after leaving. I'm always pleased when I come here and staff is always very friendly.
Earthy. All natural. Wheat grass. Pitas. You know the deal. The food can be satisfying and the mood welcoming. Whatever I ordered always seemed quality, there are some some great hits here, as well as a few misses.  I remember anything with their garlic butter being wildly good. This is like many quality organic/farmer friendly restaurants. A refreshing change from anywhere in particular. I would take a girl here who doesn't play sports (other than running), is a picky eater, uses deodorant that doesn't work, and feels good about 'caring'. I also would go here with my friends.
The Whole in the Wall is an odd little restaurant. I don't have much experience with a natural foods restaurant save Moosewood Cafe, which given its world famous status is not really a fair comparison. But I enjoyed Whole in the Wall. The menu features a seemingly random mix of ethnic and domestic cuisines until you realize they're connected by the "natural" and "fresh" categories. It's not often where you can get "stir-fry", Mexican, Mediterranean all on the same menu. So they have a nice variety (see for yourself at wholeinthewall.com) that often makes it difficult to choose. I settled on their "Farm Fresh Hamburger" Special and my wife on their "Baba Ghanouj Pocket". I was a little concerned about my burger when i specified "Medium rare" and the waitress said "We'll do what we can, but we're cooking it on a George Forman grill, so we don't have that much control". Yikes! But when all was said and done, it was an exceptionally tasty burger - due largely to the fact that it was made of beef 100% grass fed. Yum. Had it been a traditional grill, it could have been an exceptional burger - but I was willing to go with what I had. My wife's pocket was decent, but a little bland. Their in house Iced-tea was phenomenal. Negative points were logged by the snooty attitude of the waitress. Positive points were logged by the live old-time stylin' piano work of Ed Abram. He was clinkin' away on the piano throughout our meal, making me feel like I was starring in my own silent movie. Odd points were logged when at 8:30ish we overheard the waitress telling a recently arrived couple that "hot food" was no longer being served. Not sure what that was about, considering it was a Saturday night. Nice to know there is a natural/health food restaurant in Binghamton. It will probably become a regular lunch spot for us, more than a dinner place. Check it out and decide for yourself.
While driving through New York state on a roadtrip last week, my husband and I stopped for a delightful dinner at The Whole In The Wall Restaurant. We found it using my favorite roadtrip toolEat Well Guide and were intrigued by other Yelp reviews, especially about the garlic ball. According to this cozy, down to earth restaurant's menu, they strive to "serve the highest quality all natural food in a unique and offbeat way." We could tell right away that the establishment has been pretty sucessful living up to this mission as evidenced by the memorbilia left behind by various pleased customers like Bob Dylan, Phish and REM and the mail order business they now have selling their eclectic pestos (like sundried tomato and ramp flavors), and the fact that the restaurant has been going strong in the same quaint location for 30 years now. The decor made me smile, earthy and funky but very clean and spacious at the same time. Our waitresses were attentive and friendly. Opening the menu, I kept smiling, with so many vegetables and locally sourced ingredients, organic free range grass fed beef and even brown rice at no surcharge! We started out with the sundried pesto cheese spread with crackers, Jamacian ginger lemonade and a side salad with the homemade sesame-yogurt dressing. Old-timey music eminated from an upright piano played by an old man with a calm soothing voice, hitting our ears at just the right volume. We shared a bowl of the famous creamy mushroom soup. After one bite, we knew why this soup is so popular. It is so thick, gravy-like and full of umami. I usually try to figure out what is in awesome flavors are when I find something so delicious as this, but we just decided to enjoy it and not bother thinking about it so much. Next came the garlic ball. This is no wimpy garlic bread. It is essentially a dense homemade whole wheat roll drenched in garlic butter with parsley. It is chewy, salty, garlicy, gooey, hot and needs to be eaten with a fork and knife. I could understand how someone could not like it - but for garlic lovers like us it was an excellent choice. Our main dishes - rigatoni with red pepper pesto and lasagna with sauteed bell peppers, zuccini, eggplant, cheddar and creamy butternut squash sauce - were both cooked just right and tasted like they were made with fresh ingredients. The Whole in the Wall is a golden arrow in the road trip food quiver. I will drool in my sleep looking forward to the next chance I have to stop in Binghamton to enjoy another bowl of their mushroom soup. See my accompanying photos on the fresh dish dot com.
Whole in the Wall is a really fun place. It has an amazing atmosphere, great service, and the most delicious vegan/ vegetarian friendly food in town (not to mention the self-proclaimed best pesto in the universe- a claim that is not unwarranted). It's a small restaurant, but what it lacks in space is more than made up for with charm and whimsical details. On weekend evenings, a piano player never fails to please with old standards like "As Time Goes By." There is memorabilia on the walls from musicians and artists who have eaten at the restaurant (the likes of Bob Dylan and Ani DiFranco are included in their ranks). As for the food, it does not disappoint. The garlic ball itself is worth a trip over- a delicious whole wheat bread ball soaked in garlicky, oily goodness. The pesto is always good- I haven't met a flavor that isn't delicious, from basil to chipotle to everything in between. The tempura is good, as are all the sandwiches (falafel and tempeh creations are particularly memorable). The soups and salad dressings are also unique. If  you're looking for a spot to get some great eats in Binghamton, this is the first place I'd recommend!
Self-billed as a natural foods restaurant with many options for vegetarian diners and a definite Middle Eastern bent in the menu, Whole in the Wall conjures up a pre-Vestal Parkway greater Binghamton area, when chains weren't the dominant form of dining in the area.  The decor is earthy, with rustic, wood paneled walls and handmade clay lanterns at each table. Most of us chose a pesto-based dish since they are known for their homemade fresh pesto-- and rightly so; it's delicious.  The lunch-portion pesto pasta was a small plate of riggies smothered in bright green spinach parmesan pesto (one of the pestos of the day), accompanied by a huge whole wheat roll swimming in garlic butter.  The pesto bagel pizza was a whole wheat bagel topped with pesto and mozzarella.  The token non-pesto dish was the tempura chicken pita stuffed with lightly battered chicken and a special sauce that reminded me of something that would accompany a falafel (which they do also have).   Another viable alternative to the chains in Bing.
There's a lot in the city of Binghamton that's "anywhere USA", but Whole in the Wall is one of those few restaurants in Binghamton that make you feel glad you're in Binghamton for a few hours.  The food is just plain great, and the piano player that they bring in during the weekends makes the atmosphere very cozy and a good place to bring a date--as long as they're cool with mostly vegetarian options. Food highlights are:  the amazing rice/bulgar (comes with most dishes) the falafel pocket/platter, and the tempeh is made really well too.  They're actually famous for their pesto, it's preeetty good but nothing to sing about. I don't think my arteries could handle the garlic ball, but whenever one of my friends ordered it it always smelled amazing. One star off because the owner is so smug!!! He hangs out in the back most of the time anyway, but avoid him if you're in there... he'll talk your ear off about all of his worldly service accomplishments.  Ohhhh please.  He's lucky he makes good food...
I would stay away from the "ethnic food" (the hummus made me really sad) but their entrees are generally solid. There's something for vegetarians, vegans as well as omnivores. Being in the forsaken lands really make you appreciate food that isn't Industrial Meat packed full of GMO corn and antibiotics. Also I've been to many a macrobiotic/vegetarian place, in the city and upstate, that had not so much as a single strand of protein under their roof. Fundamentalism never served anyone well... I get the stir fry if I'm on Conklin, feeling lazy and hungry and have at least $25 to throw on it.. Which sadly isn't too often. Take out takes at least half an hour. I smoked no less than 6 cigarettes and made two full phone calls while waiting for a chicken stir fry.
This place is just okay, but really nothing too special. It distinguishes itself as a vegetarian and health-conscious restaurant, but vegetarian does not equal bland. I don't think I'd come here again, particularly because I don't find any dishes to be too flavorful. The most disappointing thing is the "famous" pesto, which is highly overrated, in my opinion. I've had the regular pesto before I became lactose intolerant, and then had the spinach pesto after I was unable to eat dairy, and both were simply underwhelming. It wouldn't hurt to add some salt, pepper and garlic into the pesto to amp up the flavors. I've come here a few times because I knew other people really liked it and I wanted to give it a second chance. I ended up giving it 4 chances before I gave up, because no dish ever really stuck out in my mind as delicious or worth the money I paid. Even the babappetizer, which is usually a solid dish that can't go wrong, tasted boring to me. The atmosphere is unique and the staff is friendly, but that's not enough to keep me coming back. Be mindful that a number of dishes are cooked with butter and are thus obviously not vegan.
I ate at whole in the wall with my friend who's allergic to gluten and heard a lot of positive things about here. But in all honesty, I am not that big of a fan. I ordered the mushroom soup (good but not great) and their lasagna (lacking flavor but I guess I let it pass because it's healthier than its cheesy brother). Service was slow considering we were the only table there but the staff is friendly. I love the interior and history of this place and the fact that it evens offer a vegetarian vegan option for students. The pesto is delicious, lots of flavor and garlicky! Thankfully they sell that out of store too so I'm happy with that
Whole whole... Hole? There's a HOLE in the WALL. And I just ate some good good food in there! Gluten Free/VEGAN/Vegetarian? Check! Funny/cool waitresses? Check! Live music at night time wtf!? Check! BIG/SMALL teases!? CHECK! Dammit dammit! I wish I would have never come to this place because holy food god... I became addicted. I've had the falafel, garlic ball, tostada, seafood platter, chili bowl, chef's salad, the small teases and big teases, the CHEESECAKE... Everything, and I mean everything... Is amazing. You will NOT be disappointed. Even the owner is seen inside of the kitchen cooking!!! Now let's go to the pros and cons... Pro: Organic, balanced food quantity, delicious food. Cons: The food takes too long to come out, and for some people it may be too little food for the price... Which isn't a bad thing for me, but for others it may. Some foods are not that flavorful(falafel balls aren't that great, I like the falafels in Taj and Gyros better). The waitresses are amazing btw, they are fun and seem like food lovers as well! Anyways, COME HERE!
I went to Whole in the Wall with my friend a few days ago. I decided to start with a Miso Soup and to get the Ali's Tempeh Pocket. The Miso Soup was very different than a traditional Miso in taste. It had a pretty strong, but good, soy flavor. The tofu bits that were floating around in the soup tasted great. The soup made me a happy camper. I got the Ali's Tempeh Pocket with raw veggies. The Tempeh chunks were cooked, don't worry. I got it with a delicious creamy Tofu dressing. That pita pocket had to have been one of the best taste sensations I have ever experienced. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. I am definitely going to head back here for meals in the future. Fresh and tasty food. SO YUMMY :)
The experience you will have with this place relies heavily on what dish you pick. My first experience here I tried the burger and absolutely HATED it. So much so that I didn't come back till 4 years later. At this point I was a vegetarian and had a completely different approach to this place. Their daily specials range from good to phenomenal! Their pesto isnt that great but the Garlic balls are as good as everyone says. This is really the only place a vegetarian can go crazy in the Southern Tier!
I'll start off by saying I am no Organic food lover or vegetarian but didn't have trouble finding a few things on the menu to pick from. It's neat little place and I imagine on an evening when it's bustling it has a nice atmosphere to it. We were here on a Saturday morning for lunch so it was kinda quiet. The waitress was friendly and seemed to handle our 7 top without getting flustered. There was only one other customer who came in at the same time as us and he did get up and walk out when the waitress didn't get to him. I don't blame him as he did sit there for over 10 minutes with just a menu but again it was just the one waitress and she probably wasn't expecting 7 people first thing on a Saturday morning. The menu was extensive and I went with a Chicken pocket and it was very good and a large portion. All the food that came out for the other people I was with looked good and everyone seemed to enjoy it. I think an organic food lover or vegetarian would get more enjoyment out fo this place than I but if I was invited to go back again I would.
Started to get hungry while heading north for the weekend with my fiance.  Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a shot.  We were absolutely floored by how much we enjoyed the place.  The decor is a bit dated, but fits their wholesome style. You might be confused no seeing a sign outside, just look for the big oval window. If you like whole foods, you really need to visit :-)
Great to find a spot with delicious vegan options on our way up to Corning.  The staff and owner were very friendly and the restaurant had a great atmosphere.
I have always enjoyed the Whole in the Wall and was looking forward to meeting a friend for dinner here last night after a long day of driving.   I always have a weakness for good onion rings, so I figured I'd give them a try.  They were okay, not the very best I've ever had, but they did satisfy my craving.  I also ordered the Chicken Tempura Pocket.  This was great!  Very satisfying and flavorful-chock full of grape tomatoes, cucumber hunks, sprouts and perfectly prepared hunks of chicken-all tossed with a great dressing.  My friend ordered the fish sandwich and was very happy with it.   The food was good, but the service wasn't.  Our waitress seemed to have her mind on something other than her work.  I enjoyed the live piano music and it was a nice start to our First Friday in Binghamton.   You can bring your own wine and they will serve it for you, however, they need to be sure their wine glasses look a little nicer-clean the spots off before bringing them to the table, please!
I ate at Whole in the Wall on September 3rd, 2009 while traveling from Delaware to Rochester (I was going to a wedding). It was a miraculous find to have "stumbled" (thanks Google!) across WITW restaurant when we did.  We did a last minute check - just a few minutes before we hit the Binghamton limits - to explore the possibility of finding something other than that standard crap choices within a few hundred feet of an interstate exit.  So we felt like we hit a home run!   My girlfriend and I loved the place, the history, the ambiance, etc of Whole In The Wall..we even loved the name.  We are vegetarians - disclaimer - so it's always nice to find a place with a veg-friendly menu (not just one or two things).  There's plenty of meat dishes as well - and I think the meat is all grass-fed, organic, etc.   The food was spectacular - we really liked the garlic balls and, yes, the pesto was phenomenal.  I am by no means a pesto connoisseur, but that was the best pesto I have ever had.  The icing on the cake - and the best desert I have had in a long time (and better than the vegan chocolate cake I had at Moosewood) was the brownie sundae I had at the end.  I am salivating thinking about it right now. If you go, talk to Eliot, the owner.  He's had the place for the past three decades, and he's a nice guy to boot.  The restaurant is pretty casual - so don't expect chain restaurant-type speed (you'll be disappointed).  The food is fresh, and we were in and out within an hour.  I The place is also a pretty interesting stomping ground for famous folks and musicians coming through Binghamton over the the past thirty years.   Enjoy!
My girlfriend and I stopped here for dinner while driving from Cleveland back to Boston, because Binghamton was a good halfway point. I found the place by looking up vegetarian/vegan on Yelp (surely enough), and one of my friends who'd transferred to SUNY Binghamton corroborated the singing of praises. The atmosphere is great - nice space, nice lighting, plus the infamous honky-tonk piano player is unique. No complaints about the service at all. They started us off with wheat crackers and a homemade roasted red pepper sour cream. Off to a great start...we had to get more crackers to finish off the dip! For dinner, we split an order of broccoli-mozzarella quiche (which had one of the best crusts I've ever tasted) and a pasta dish so we could try their famous homemade pesto. We opted for the spinach parmesan pesto and I'm still kicking myself for not buying a jar to bring home with us. So good! The garlic ball was also a highlight, obviously. Since everything had been so good, we decided to try a dessert. At the server's recommendation, we tried the cheesecake. Molto bene. At this point we're honestly looking for any possible reason to drive 6 hours to Binghamton, just so we can eat here again.
Pros: Organic, lots of vegan options, fresh ingredients, cozy environment, can bring your own wine, garlic balls are amazing Cons: Expensive, seriously SLOW service, pesto is not as good as the hype, pasta dishes leave much to be desired Recommendation: Stick to the specials and avoid the pesto/pasta dishes, they are very disappointing (not enough pesto, rubbery pasta, not much food for $13+).
One of my favorite places to eat when I was in college.  The falafel is superb (as is pretty much everything else.  The Southside of Binghamton is a very quaint area. Please do pay these folks a visit! They even have outdoor seating when it gets warm.
Being a vegetarian, I am always in search of places that claim to cater the veggies out there. Well, this place is just all right. This review is more for the restaurateur--first: the wait staff must be more attentive. They were very cordial, but they could have been more attentive. The restaurant was not busy and we had to keep asking for help. Second: TASTE the food before it goes out. I make a mean cream of mushroom and your cream of mushroom did not compare. The soup was way too thick. All soup should be sippable, not thick like mayonnaise. Third: the garlic roll was great! Everyone should eat one. I would go there just for that. I enjoyed the falafel. It had plenty of flavor and was served with a healthy portion of veggies. Good stuff.
Their mushroom soup made me love mushrooms!  If you're looking for a cheap, quick meal, look elsewhere.  For a long luncheon, or a romantic date, however, this place can be perfect.  So vegetarian friendly!  I spent an hour here once with my boyfriend, enjoying everything from aforementioned mushroom soup to their raspberry brownie dessert (a must!), and although we were late for the rest of the day's plans, we can't say we regretted taking the time to enjoy a wholesome, mellow, hearty meal and neither will you.
Solid food - mostly for vegetarians for the exception of the only meat item on the menu - chicken tenders. Also the pesto cream cheese here is delicious. It's cute inside as well, not meant for huge groups though.
Spinach and Parmesan Pesto was pretty good, pasta a bit rubbery though. Tempura onion rings were very big, okay.  Nice, casual ambiance. Garlic balls were a bit doughy but tasty. Desserts were delicious! Raspberry and chocolate brownie sunday and peanut butter pie, very good!!
If you want a natural, wholesome, home cooked meal that tastes fantastic - and makes you feel even better - there is NO PLACE FINER than the Whole in the Wall!!!!!! It's no wonder they have served the likes of Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, Phish, Metallica... World famous pesto. The stir fry with chicken, and the Mexican platter are cant miss favs. Both have plenty of flavor -- not sure what the reviewers had who said their meals were not flavorful... Make sure you try the brownie sundae dessert!
The entrees are very rudimentary and are basically devoid of culinary artistry. I get that they're trying to serve high-quality, natural ingredients, but for god's sake, do something interesting with them! I don't go to restaurants to eat food that I can easily make myself ("steamed vegetables" is actually an entree here...steamed vegetables?!). Saving grace are the desserts and pesto. The sun-dried tomato pesto is particularly delicious.
This place is super cute and the food is TO DIE FOR.  You don't have to be a vegetarian to eat here, or even a organic food lover. Its for everyone. All food has amazing flavor and is so fresh. I'm in love with whole in the wall!
Every time I've gone to the Whole in the wall it has been a great experience. Its a nice little cozy place located in vestal NY with such an inviting atmosphere and friendly staff. I will admit that this isn't a place to bring someone for a first date unless they are into the whole food type of thing but its great once the relationship is going. I've tried numerous dishes here and would have to say that my favorite is the Mid-East platter which while its vegetarian is excellent. It comes with a few felafel  balls which I smash down with the fork, and eat on the pita bread with the lettuce, tomato and top with the yogurt dressing. I would also suggest the tofu-garlic salad dressing, you can't even tell it has tofu in it.
Used to be a lot better, with more creative specials.  Now the specials are the same every day, and the menu is meh.  I wouldn't go out of my way unless they spice it up some.  The pesto is good, but whoa, way too garlicky.
Restaurant week at Whole in the Wall was great. 3 courses for $10 . All delicious & great service.
Awesome place.  Love it here.  Their signature pesto is a solid win.  I loved their chilled Mexican soup which was very flavorful but not spicy at all.  Their garlic ball is a great addition to any meal.  I also love their chicken and vegetables dish with the lemon butter sauce over rice.  Just delicious and very fresh.  And you MUST try their raspberry chocolate brownie, too good!!
the garlic ball is so so so good. a butter soaked garlic laden piece of dough, guaranteed to make you feel guilty enough to "eat light" the rest of the week. they're pretty well known for their pesto, with it being sold at Wegmanns also, but i really don't see what all the hype is about. YES it's good, but would i seek out their brand over others.. no. Frankly, costco's kirkland brand is better than any of the varieties i've encountered at Whole in the Wall. The rest of the menu is typical, lots of veggie options (can't remember if it was all veg or not..), nice change of pace from the outbacks, and fridays of vestal parkway. but the thing that brings this place down from 3/4 stars to 2/3 is the service. Worst service i've ever encountered, i don't know what goes on in the back but it seemed like our waitress considered the waiting tables part of her night as secondary to daydreaming somewhere back there. i also like it when my servers know about the food, so if i ask for a recommendation i don't get "yeah that's pretty good." whenever it comes to sitting in the car figuring out where to go eat, whole in the wall always gets shut out bc of service. too bad - the place really had potential.
Whole in the Wall...trendy fusion food priced appropriately to ensure one remembers that this IS an establishment of higher eating, just in case the service states otherwise.  Upon entering I was cordially greeted by a sign that encouraged me to find a seat for myself at one of the few tables available, which came complete with leftovers from previous patrons (just in case environmental conservation is your thing).  Noticing the rustic decor, my wife and I quickly sat down in front of the remnants of what appeared to be a scrumptious meal for a family of at least 4 grizzly bears.  Looking at the menu and seeing "organic", "homemade", "tofu", (and other buzzwords which cause vegetarians to salivate), we got excited.  15 minutes later a kind young waitress, who was obviously talented and interested in an occupation other than this one, came and cleared off our table for us, wiping the table debris into our laps with a dingy wash cloth.  She regretfully informed us that the chef went home sick and there would be a limited number of items available to order.  We decided to stay, since what WAS available did seem to be good.  I ordered the lasagna, while my wife order pesto pasta, both of which came with soup and salad.  I wanted to try some of the gazpacho, so I asked what was in it.  "Check the menu," she politely replied.  When my wife's minestrone soup came, she noticed more than a few tender morsels of meat within.  "Gracious," we thought, but it was supposed to be vegetarian.  We decided to go elsewhere, and offered to pay for what we ate.  They didn't even charge us!
