I highly recommend this diner You get so much for so little, and the food is great. Next time I'm in Binghamton I will go there again
This is a good solid diner.  We all liked out food.  Nothing fancy.   If you don't like this place you're too much of a food snob.  And you'd be wrong.
A great little diner! The pancakes are really fluffy and large and delicious. The veggie omelette is everything you could hope for in an omelette-fresh vegetables and gooey cheese, yummmm. The Italian bread toast is perfect and the home fries are also excellent. Everything is inexpensive! Cash only.
Very solid diner.   Breakfast only on Sunday and the corned beef hash is awesome!!!   Highly recommend if you're looking for a good standard breakfast in Binghampton!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. My favorite place for Saturday morning breakfast's!!
I think probably the best diner in Binghamton. Attentive and very pleasant wait staff. Family owned and operated. Very cheap - the absolute prices are low and the amount of food per dollar is very high. Nice atmosphere. Big. Not crowded, but there is still some energy in the place. Food is very good, probably better than your average diner, especially for the price. Centrally located. Good, local feel.
Local favorite.  Freshly prepared and delicious.  Able to accommodate my daughter's soy and dairy allergy.
Best deal for diner food in bing. For less than $7 you will get what seems like almost too much food. FYI when you walk in, just sit down at any empty table, someone will notice. My only complaint is that, as someone who cooks a lot, some of the food tastes a little bland. Their potatoes and eggs aren't seasoned much. Coffee is also meh but gets the job done. However, for the price you pay it feels ok to overlook these flaws. It's worth a try!
Staying close by for a wedding, Chris's served my brother Jim and I an excellent breakfast. Huge Greek omelet and coffee for me, bagel and coffee for Jim for $10 total with tip. Beat that, local hotel! Good food, nice waitress, busy as we left but pretty quiet as we talked and ate. Stop in and enjoy, they do it right at Chris's! Came back on Sunday and Chris knocked it out of the park. Great corned beef hash, big cheesy veggie omelet and great tasting coffee for $12, with super nice service. Love this place! Can you open a franchise in Houston, please?
The quality and quantity here is phenomenal. Examples: Pancakes are the size that fill the whole skillet; homefries in the breakfast egg special are fresh-made; french fries never oily, and a large portion really is large; their packaging is real amenable to carry for catering if you want; generous condiment selection with to-gos. You may well want to order more for takeaway for the following morning, or for dinner. Much less expensive and real substance experience as opposed to what you might get steps away, or around the corner. The ownership and staff know me from over the years, and I appreciate their efforts. Best when not crowded. Around the corner from Transit Hub / Bus Station and adjacent to Art Galleries.
There is something comforting about a diner.  They are often copied but unless you're in jersey or new york, it's just not the same.  Chris's got it right. I came here on a Saturday morning with a few friends before a wedding.  This was to be the groom's last meal.  The four of us sat and ordered our respective meals.  First off they have great mugs for the coffee.  My eggs and corn beef hash was exactly like I wanted it.  The home fries were well done and this was just a great diner breakfast. Our waitress was very sweet and kept our water glasses and coffee mugs full. This place is solid.
I couldn't imagine a better hangover cure than three eggs, bacon, and toast... For under $5. Being from New York City, this place is ridiculously cheap. A no frills diner without hundreds of items over pages and pages in a pop-up book. The usual breakfast goods, burgers, sandwiches, and dinner dishes. Simple. My omelet and home fries flew out of the kitchen in literally minutes. Highly suggested for convenience, speed, simplicity, and value.
A fantastic breakfast diner in downtown Binghamton. Chris is legend. The food is fast, good and priced right. The local following keeps this place filled especially for breakfast. It's AM...You're hungry in Binghamton? Head to Chris'
This is a real diner.  A diners diner.  If a diner were a person, it would go to this diner.  Never been disappointed here.  Used to go so much that I was on a first name basis with the waitress and new her life story.  Haven't been there as much recently due to a changing work schedule, but stopped in a week ago and saw a lot of familiar faces.  Chris is the man, always greets me and asks how I'm doing and how the food is.  Good place and good people.
Chris' Diner is on the southern tip of Gallery Row on State Street. I first noticed it driving by on a cold February morning. It's windows were frosted and inviting, due to the interior heat and large number of people within. Have wanted to try ever since. The layout and decor is what you would expect for a diner.  The menu as well. No surprises there. At 9:00am on a Sunday, the place was packed. We had to stand for about 5mins before a table opened up, and word to the wise, grab that table even if it hasn't been bussed yet. A ton of people swooped in looking for tables, and judging by the looks on their faces, it was a "I don't care if you've been waiting. If I get a table, its mine, sucka" type of playing field. The breakfast was quite delicious. My wife got the western omelet and LOVED it. Goey with cheese and fresh veggies, it was quite tasty. I got the 2 pancakes/2 eggs/sausage/coffee and found my eggs to be perfect (sunny side up). The blueberry pancakes were tasty, but not the best I've ever had (and they were huge. At least a foot in diameter.  Binghamton seems to have a thing with oversized pancakes.) Oh, and I wasn't the fan of the coffee, but its rare that a diner has "really good" coffee. So I wasn't particularly thrown off by it. Oh, I was also pleasantly surprised by the diversity of the crowd. Lots of churchgoers. Quite a few 20 somethings. Some seniors. Families. Seems like Chris' is a bit of a downtown institution. So next time you're hankering for some quality eggs for breakfast, definitely check out Chris' Diner.
I don't know why I love coming to this place so much. Besides Denny's diner this is my favorite place ever. The location is very adequate for me since I can go to eat and then hop into the bus station to go back to White Plains or New Jersey. The FOOD is sooo good!! I love their omelletes and their pancakes are so big! Their potatoes are the best i've eaten in a diner in Binghamton. Anything besides omelettes and pancakes is still a mystery to me... and that's ok! I don't need to know anything else besides omelettes and pancakes.... Ah man now i'm hungry. Besides their food being fantastic, the waitresses and so funny and friendly. If you want a really good breakfast I highly suggest you coming here!!!
A great little spot for a typical diner breakfast-right downtown.  The bustling din of a busy diner in a really basic (perhaps a bit crooked/off-kilter) improvised atmosphere-it's definitely larger inside than I had assumed from the outside after walking by dozens of times on First Fridays.   Seems like it gets pretty busy..you may not get a table right away, but the service is quick and the food is good.   I'm sure I'll be back for breakfast again.
Happened by this place and loved it. Huge plate of food - 3 eggs, about 2lbs of awesome potatoes, sausage and bottomless coffee for $6.70. I was blown away. Very friendly clientele, too. Highly recommended - I'm actually looking forward to my next trip to Binghamton!
I absolutely love this place. I found out about this place my senior year and it's not too far or out of the way from campus. The food is homey and delicious for its price.
Classic place.  Bustling, friendly, tight knit and great diner fare.  We liked the counter and got a real feel for this place that Chris and his wife founded 16 years ago.  Hard to believe it's open for all meals every day. Pancakes are biggest ever and bacon is perfectly cooked.  If you want crunchy hash browns, you will reed to ask,however,especially if it's a busy day.  Otherwise, all in menu seemed tasty and wait staff is very accommodating - just ask.
Food is good and very reasonable.  Great coffee refilled constantly.  We were in Binghamton for my son's gymnastics meet.  Had a feta cheese omelet.  Wife and son had French toast  out of this world!
I used to go here on the weekends all the time after many late nights out while in college. This diner opens very early I believe to service truck drivers who may be passing through town. Anyway, it is actually quite bigger on the inside and we never experienced much of a wait. The eggs, bacon, toast, and coffee combo was a staple for this college kid's wallet. Staff was friendly and very attentive. Yes, this place is gritty but that is what adds to it's charm.
Great food (& a lot of food), good prices & good atmosphere. If your looking for a good meal that will fill you up without draining your wallet? Chris' Diner is just the place. I come here with my boyfriend for breakfast when I visit. When my food comes I can't see the plate from under all the yummy goodness.
best diner in Binghamton, maybe the whole southern tier..Opens early, so anytime of day you can get a great meal. $5 and you're stuffed.  Huge portions, fresh homemade specials every day. Beat the weekend crowds, go early or towards closing on saturday an sunday.
A little rough around the edges but a good, decent diner.  Delicious BLT and cole slaw. Excellent prices.
Loved the place. Being used to Washington DC prices, the prices in Chris' Diner felt like we were eating for free. The breakfast food we sampled was great!
Cheap cheap cheap food! No frills, just your best hangover Sunday morning joint in Binghamton. Solid eggs and potatoes and breakfast sandwiches and coffee. It's not super fancy at all, not even close but you can show up wearing sweatpants and its no big deal.
This is a good breakfast spot, though the interior is not very pleasing.  That said, if you go at a time when it is not packed, you can relax with some excellent egg things and read the paper.  The windows seem perpetually fogged over, but maybe this is not the case in the summer!
Love the blueberry pancake, love the coffee mug, love the sandwiches, love the people there. Love the place, went there every time when I need to leave from the bc junction.
Great breakfast at a reasonable price.  Chris's is a great place to go if you need to eat early in the morning (like 4AM on saturday.  I would recommend their french toast.
