Great new tapas and Cocktail spot downtown. Binghamton definitely can use more places like Social!  Hot and dirty martini served with Sriracha hot sauce. Pork tenderloin and crab risotto tapas plates were awesome too. Worth the visit!
Awesome place to chill.  Carefully selected craft beers.  Excellent tapas menu.
Yum! What a delicious new place in Binghamton. I could get into trouble here. Social On State had a soft opening a month or so ago, in time for the Tapas Walk. When we got there, I was so sad to find out that only the bar portion was open. I've been waiting for it to fully open since then.  So last night I was pumped to find out that the restaurant had fully opened this week with their full food menu. I got there around 8, and there were a good amount of people at the bar. There was a little bit of confusion when we walked in - since we were planning on eating and drinking, we were thinking of getting a table, but there was no one to greet us, or show us a table or say sit anywhere. So we kind of stood around awkwardly for a minute until we just decided to get a drink at the bar first. The drink menu was fun - lots of interesting cocktails, and martinis. I ordered a Basil Slap and my friend got the Haitorade. Yummy without being too sweet. The next drinks we ordered were the Muddled Man Men and the Death to Tom - those were good too. I'd compare them to the drinks at Loft without being quite as expensive. As far as food goes - we wanted to eat everything! There's about 20 items on the menu, ranging from $6 to 20ish. We planned on ordering 5 things, but got kind of full and stopped at 3. The kitchen did a good job of sending us out each plate at a different time, so we could nibble and share and enjoy the small plates. We ended up staying and eating at the bar at this point. It was really loud in there - I think they need to get some of those sound absorbing panels, because it seems like it might be hard to hear someone on the dining room side of things. The food we got was bacon wrapped dates, shrimp and chorizo over polenta, and the fries. The fries were probably my least favorite - they reminded me exactly of those Potato Stix they used to make that come in a can? Everything is house made of course, but these are spiral cut incredibly thin - so the fries are very crispy. They come with 3 dipping sauces which weren't specified on the menu, but appeared to be mayonnaise, soy sauce/a1? and a spicy blue cheese dip. We pretty much only used the spicy one, the others could have been way more inspired. This wasn't bad to eat or anything, but it was only ok. Thicker cut fries probably would have been easier to eat. The bacon wrapped dates were really good - sweet and salty and soft and crunchy. I think there were 5 of them per order. These would have been outstanding if they had one other element - maybe a gorgonzola dipping sauce? They were on the sweet side so kind of needed something else besides the bacon to balance that out. The final thing we got was the shrimp and chorizo. I loved this - it was like a fancy pants version of shrimp and grits. It was spicy with a nice sauce, the polenta had yummy crisp edges and the shrimp were large. They come 3 per plate and were beautifully plated. Everything I saw that went by looked beautiful and delicious. So yeah, I had a really good time at this place and really liked it! The interior is beautiful and the food is high quality and a nice step up for Binghamton. Next time I go back, I already have picked out what I want to eat and will probably be back very soon. Good job!
Super chef Jay Pisculli put together a great and diverse menu. If I lived in town, I would cash my paycheck there every week.
Beautiful modern bar and tapas restaurant, with a unique and pleasant interior. Great craft beer choices among their twelve taps, along with serious cocktails and wines. Haven't tried the food yet, but will update this review in the future.
We went on First Friday while the art galleries were open on State Street and the place was so busy. We ordered food and drinks at the bar and were seated. The food was amazing! They are "small plates" but not terribly small. I think two people would be happy to eat 3 or 4 plates for a meal depending on what is ordered. The table shared the flatbread pizza, which was so so so good and my favorite, and fries, fried ice cream sundae, gazpacho, pork belly, sliders, lobster caprese... Everything was incredibly delicious and all of us were delighted and full.
Food is five stars. I am truly a food snob and I had nothing but taste bud satisfaction happening over and over with every sampling of the four dishes Nicole and myself ordered. If you truly love fine dining, this your next adventure. This place is a MUST try. I know you will at least like it. I loved my experience.
The atmosphere is great but too expensive for students. They serve only tapas and I felt their portions were too small for the prices that they charge. I had their crab risotto and would not recommend it to anyone because it was watery and bland. Their cheese fondue is great as well as their pork tenderloin. However, I wouldn't recommend to students because of the prices. It's a shame cause you can make good money from the students.
