Great tasting fast pizza.  The garlic knots were sinfully delicious.  And I loved the wings, garlic hot or straight up garlic were rich and buttery and the price was right.
While I can't vouch for the other pizza shops in Binghamton NY, I'm assuming the other reviews are accurate in stating that this is the best pizza in the area.  I know that's not really saying much. The two slices + a drink for $4 is a pretty good deal and the slices are a good size.  It appears that they had a lot of different pizza options including a taco pizza and a buffalo chicken which my friends seemed to like. Taste wise, the pizza really wasn't bad.   I went with the pepperoni.  It was a bit greasy, but not over the top. The strip mall itself where it is located leaves much to be desired, but oh well.  Decent pizza.  Good prices.  Ok bathroom.
The pizza is sometimes one of the best in the area however their product lacks consistency. They have a good crust and it's put together fine but the ones baking them need to get back to school. Otherwise I have had some excellent NYC style pizzas from this place. Now on to what really drags them down.... Chicken wings. Some of the worst I've had. Flabby chicken skin is not something you want on a wing. The sauce was up eventful and I hate to say it.... I had a rotten piece of celery. How do you put a grey, I mean it, grey piece of celery in a box of wings. As usual, I'll give it another try but not in the near future.
My favorite place to get pizza. Their sheet leaves a little to be desired, but if you get a round pizza or specialty slice, it's the best. The subs I've got have always been good, the whole meat pie is awesome if you have a group of people who like to eat. Highly recommended.
Always pleased! Delish za awesome quick service.. Love the two slice soda lunch deal. A long time favorite of ours.
Excellent pizzas. Loved the classic cheese pizza , onion rings and the pricing. Great value for money place to have the best NY style pizzas.
Prices, selection, freshness better than most Pizzarias in NY, and better than at least 90 per cent in all of Broome. Variety is really astounding. For the price of a tip in other places, you can have a full delicious lunch.
Cheap and delicious New York style pizza This is about as good as it gets in Binghamton. The pizza is very good and they are extremely consistent. You will also find that they have a dozen or so different toppings already available by the slice. They have everything from 3 cheese to buffalo chicken. The pizza is good enough that even a plain cheese slice is excellent and I find that I don't need toppings in order to enjoy the pizza. This place is a great quick spot to stop for lunch. The service is always fast and they have plenty of seating. The plaza they are located in is quite questionable and sketchy but that's part of the reason the prices are so cheap. If you're in the area for a quick lunch or dinner definitely stop here for a couple of slices.
This is another of my favorites! Guys in there are all friendly and don't keep you waiting.  They have a buffalo chicken pizza that is PHENOMONAL!!! Has HUGE chunks of real chicken!  Sauce is good and crust is very good. Nice area to sit inside and check out games, or sit outside. Pasta is really very good too. Excellent variety of almost everything! Restaurant is clean and comfortable and restroom is clean as well. Buy 2 slices and get a free fountain drink!! I easily give 5 stars....only way it could be any better is if you could get a Heineken.....;)
Loved it. Lasagna Pizza--- Get it. Loved the quality and value here. Really, the quality seems high, and the price seems very affordable.
I love NY Pizzeria!  The staff is super nice and if you are a "regular," they often remember your preferences! :)  The atmosphere is nice and it feels like home for those of us who frequent there often!
Hands down, best pizza in Binghamton. Seriously. If you're looking for NY style, come here. Sure there are other more popular places to go but if you want the real deal, this is it. It's quick, cheap, and delicious-what more could you ask for? The crust is always crispy and the proportion of cheese to sauce is perfect. No other pizza place in Binghamton can compete with the real deal! Also, I am a huge fan of the buy 2 slices get a free drink deal. They are genius.
Probably the best pizza in Binghamton - they have a great selection of gourmet pizzas at the counter, and the slices are very big.  They have great wings, though sadly they reduced the size of the regular order from a dozen to just 10, due to rising expenses.  Service is pretty quick too, definitely recommended.
The staff is nice, nice mural too.  The food is yummy, it's the best pizza in town that I have had so far.  Sometimes I wish they could do a bit better, but then I am used to great pizza in my former lower east side neighbourhood.
I don't give five stars easily, but this place is so damned good.  I'm in a world without good hot and cold heros, pizza and Buffalo wings, so when I am in Binghamton, I dash to NY Pizzeria.  The chicken parm hero is generous and tasty and the eggplant pizza is crazy good.  I also like the Buffalo wings here -- messy, hot and fresh.  Nice people and an unpretentious place with Formica tables and the daily game blaring on the TV in the back.  I dream about this place when I need a hero fix.
Bacon pizza! Need I say more? :) It's one of the least greasy pizzas I've ever had. They have a buy two slices get a free drink policy for about $5.  The crust was crunchy on the bottom and doughy in the middle. Delish!
One of my favorite places to grab a slice or 2 of crisp, hot, cheesy pizza. The crust is crispy and not doughy like most places around here.  The wings and eggplant are also delicious.
They have the best pizza selection in the area but they stopped putting as much sauce on their pizza! Come on guys!
been goin here for 10 years now. the first time i went i tried their buffalo wing pizza and have been hooked ever since. this is the only place i've seen that uses actual chicken wing meat on a pizza! their other specialty pizzas are great too, and every once in a while my friends would order a whole meat pie, which is a stuffed pizza loaded with a ton of meats and cheeses, VERY filling. i've never had an issue with any of the workers there, and the prices are also very fair. oh, i forgot to mention the calzones, those are great too. as for the garlic knots, they can be hit or miss, it depends on how fresh they are when you order them, i've gotten some of the best knots from them before as well as the worst. a couple of downsides though, their sheet pizza isn't very good. also, i'm not the biggest fan of their pizza sauce. it's not that it's not good, it's just not really my style, i like mine a bit sweeter and theirs is kinda on the runny side with lots of seasonings. i like their crust but at times it can taste a little salty. overall though i love this place
