What a gem! We were desperate for good food on our drive down from Syracuse back to the city - how lucky we were to choose Turkish Restaurant. Having explored many Turkish restaurants in NYC, this is by far the best. The service was delightful. We had the most genteel and pleasant server. To eat -- yumyum yum hot appetizer platter, tabbouli, Sheppard's salad, and a favourite Turkish delicacy of mine - red lentil soup. They served fresh and hot authentic Turkish bread...Everything was fresh actually. ..Literally the best falafel I've had in the new York area - green moist center and absolutely crunchy outside -perfect perfect ... Just like I have had in Istanbul. My friend enjoyed her lamb stew with rice pilaf. Will absolutely return on our next trip up here. Highly recommend this spot! Not expensive and very delicious.
Very good food, loved the falafel, tabouli salad and lentil soup and  my wife loved the lentil soup, our server was very pleasant and sweet. HIGHLY recommended!
This place is SO GREAT. Came on a freezing winter evening and left with a warm heart and full belly (I hate that word, but I'll make an exception here). My roommate and I split the chicken vegetable soup, lamb and chicken shish kabobs, spinach pie, and baklava. The kabobs came with rice and the MOST AWESOME WARM PITA, EVER. I've never had a such a giant pita - this one was bigger than a dinner plate - and the waitress said it was made in a brick oven. Everything was delicious; the spinach pie and baklava were perfectly flaky, the lamb was so flavorful, and the soup was great to dip pita in. We had a $5 off coupon, so our whole bill was about $20. We took home leftovers, too. Seriously the most excellent place!!
I was visiting the area last week and was surprised to find this gem in this area. Don't get me wrong the area is beautiful, but Johnson City is not a booming metropolis. The service was attentive  and gracious. We tried this Resturant twice and enjoyed both the cold and hot combo appetizers. You cannot go wrong with either. The doller meat (think gyro meat) was delicious. The lamb shishkababs were also great. However the real star was the baklava, the best I have ever eaten. Just remember to bring beer with you since they do not have a license (yet) the waitress hinted that they were working on that. All in all a very pleasant experience.
Oh my gawd is this place good. The cold app combo is something to write songs about. The meat combo holy beejeez. We are in Turkish heaven.
The name of this restaurant is now the Istanbul Turkish Grill as it has been under new ownership since January 2014.  While the food was good under the previous ownership, it is even better now.  The luncheon special gyro is one of the best I've had.  It is topped with tzatziki and plenty of fresh vegetables (carrots, lettuce, tomatoes, onion) and the meat is full of flavor.  The bread is amazing as well.  The lamb shish kebab was also excellent.   Service is great too!
Flipping through a menu guide provided in my motel room as I sought somewhere for a late lunch, my attention was caught by the listing for Turkish Restaurant.  I entered the address in my GPS and found that it was a short drive away.  Located in one of the many re-purposed store fronts of this city's Main Street, I was greeted by the cook who stood outside the front door gazing at who knows what. With a short dining counter to the left upon entry and some booths to the right, I decided to sit at the counter where I could more easily look around the place.  There were more tables and booths to the rear of the building, and a cold case for holding prepped kebabs etc. was next to the counter. I would be joining others for dinner later that evening so I decided to eat light.  Since I was the only customer at this point, the cook had to call for the waitress to come from in back to take my order, which was the Lamb Shish Kebab Wrap ($9.95).  It came with rice and cacik sauce.  Since the chef would prepare my Kebab behind that cold case, I was able to observe the entire process.  The marinated lamb cubes were first grilled over a fire and then finished on a flat top.  The lamb was then combined with the vegetables and rolled into the large flour wrap. Overall, the wrap was very good. The lamb had nice flavors without being gamy.  Only two of the cubes inside had a bit of tendon that required me to chew the whole cube instead of being able bite off a piece.  Otherwise, the lamb was nice and tender.  The rice was pretty straight forward with bits of carrot and peas.  The cacik was light with the flavor of cucumber apparent.  A root beer ($1.75) rounded out my lunch and kept me satisfied until the later dinner.  Service from Cassie was attentive and good.  If I'm in the area again, I'd be interested in trying some appetizers and one of the entrees.
Sooo.....speechless on all levels. This place is Amazing across the board! Service, Food, Product Knowledge, and MOST IMPORTANT.... GLUTEN FREE!!! Ok...first nicest and most knowledgeable waiter he knew without hesitation every ingredient in every item! He was knowledgeable of Gluten allergy and was particular of cross contamination. Fabulous
Nov 2013  --  Great HOME MADE Turkish food. They buy lamb, butcher it in house, and make their own Donner Kebab (layer lamb, beef, with in-house spices). Very tasty. The $5 luncheon gyro from the Donner Kebab was full of yummy veggies on the home made Turkish bread. We were the only ones in the restaurant, and it still took 7 or so minutes for our 3 gyros to be made. (NOT A FAST FOOD PLACE and worth he wait o get good food.) The 2 dinners special for $20 sounds like a really great bargain. The baklava however was disappointing. It seemed to be made from a "biscuit" rather than the thin dough we're used to. Johnson City now gives 3 hours free parking at the meters (on the street). Cook was very "authentic" as he spoke very little English, but could really prepare Turkish dishes.
Great spot. Having tried many different types of Turkish cuisine while on a trip to Berlin, Germany (Berlin hosts the largest population of Turks living outside of Turkey) I was pleased to hear my fiancée tell me of a great Turkish Restaurant in the area. I wanted to try their take on classic, authentic Turkish cuisine. When you enter the restaurant, It is all about the food. From the displays to the variety, the food is the star of this joint. It was clearly prepared with care and quality ingredients. All the lamb dishes were fantastic and the homemade baklava was a great finish to a full, satisfying meal. This is my new favorite ethnic eatery. Cant wait to go back!
I just stopped into this place to get a gyro to go and ended up getting a bunch of other stuff served with a side of incredible hospitality.  The gyro was terrific, fantastic falafel with hummus, and the shepards salad was tangy and delicious.  On top of that, the owner gave me a cup of tea while i waited and threw in a piece of turkish delight and a great shredded wheat dessert with walnuts and a sweet cinnamony filling that i can't remember the name of. Wonderful food and wonderful service. I'll go back for sure.
ohhhh, sooo yummy... They will tell you they have some of the best food in the triple cities, and they are right.   The decor is still quite "green-owl-esque" while it isn't classy, it certainly is comfortable enough.  The owners are delightful and the service was cheerful.   The pita and hummus are wonderful.   I was not head over heels with the lentil soup, perhaps a bit more seasoning would round it out.  The appetizers we tried were great.  Their dolmas are very good, The white bean salad is incredible, the eggplant salad is also delicious. Kebabs and Kofte were our picks for the evening.  I chose the slightly spicy lamb kebab, Dana Kebab.  It was very flavorful and texture was perfect.  My husband was quite happy with the grilled meatballs and I can also vouch for them.   Their yogurt cucumber sauce is very good and nicely compliments the meal.   I wasn't crazy over the wrap they serve, but it's fine for kids, which was just what we needed for our little one.  Personally, I would request a pita in place of the wrap. We were too full to eat another bite and I was armed with my left-overs for lunch the next day, preparing to leave.  We relented, though and ordered dessert to go.  The waiter professed that the baklava is the best anywhere.  Yeah, yeah.  I've had plenty of baklava and while I usually am not crazy over it, I understand that many people LOVE baklava.   OMG!!!  This is the BEST baklava EVER!!!  Now I too can say I LOVE baklava! and, I am unapologetic to all of my Greek in-laws.  I LOVE this baklava!! I am going back soon to sample more of their menu!!
This is one of the best places to eat in binghamton. The cold dip platter is huge. The small one is probably enough for 6 people. The meat dishes are really tender and flavorful. Finally the service is amaaaaaazingly friendly.
It's like sitting down at your grandma's house (or, your Turkish friend's grandma's house) where the food just keeps coming. We started with hummus which came with a giant pita and was magical. My man got the Turkish meatballs and I got chicken kebabs. Both were tender and perfectly spiced.  Everything tasted fresh, including the red lentil soup (which I would recommend over a salad) and the service was friendly and very prompt. I would recommend it to anyone.
Great little restaurant run by a really sweet family.  The food here is delicious.  It might be a little pricey for the area but the portions are huge.   They start out your meal with oven fresh flatbread that is great.  We ordered a appetizer sampler of babaganoush, hummus, white beans and a spicy red dip and as other reviewers have mentioned, the hummus is phenomenal.  All the spreads were delicious really and it was a great way to start our meal.   The salad that comes with your meal is nothing too special and I would recommend the lentil soup instead.  The meats, especially the lamb, were very well seasoned and prepared.  You can see all the meats in a deli-case  window and they all look fresh and they tasted great.   Baklava was some of the best I've had and I even brought some home with me for the parents to try.     It is a great addition to the area and I'm hoping some more people discover it as I would love to keep this in my Binghamton dining repertoire.  The service is great too!  A restaurant absolutely worth checking out.
I'm peeved about the new ownership.  The last menu was more authentic Turkish home cooking.  The sigara borek were too salty and the dough was too thin, the bread for dipping appetizers is more cibatta than pita, and they won't let you substitute for the appetizer tray now.  No thanks.  Too bad, since I previously really looked forward to visiting this place.
A treasure trove of YUM in a culinary wasteland, and my Turkish food standards are high. This is now my go-to restaurant for good food and flavor when I'm in town visiting family.
Super friendly folks. Really good gyro or whatever the Turkish name is for that. Sugar coma from the rice pudding.
Another delicious meal at the Turkish place in Johnson City. I had a combo plate with lamb shish kabob (chunks of grilled marinated lamb) and adana kabob (grilled mix of spiced ground beef and lamb), both very yummy, came with a bowl of soup that had chopped collard greens in a spicy cream of rice base, very interesting (I'd had the house lentil soup on previous visits and liked it). My partner had the döner wrap, which is also very tasty. The service was very friendly and efficient and it's always fun to try to figure out what's going on in the Turkish tv dramas playing on the screen in the back of the dining room.
The fresh bread is great! But they're stingy with it. The rest is overpriced and not really that special. However, if this is your sole "introduction to Turkey" then, well,  you don't know any better, anyway. Support this place because you want to support immigrant business owners. But not because you want respectful service or a great meal.
Just had a wonderful lunch at The Turkish Restaurant. We were passing through on the way to Syracuse and didn't want to eat fast food, we found this place on Yelp and were very happy we did! We had the kofte dinner and feta appetizer. Finished off with perfect Turkish coffee. The food was delicious, healthy and plentiful. The server was friendly and warm. We'll be back on our next trip through!
The best hummus and baklava I've ever had! Great service, too!
This place is a wonderful find after four long hours on the highway. We searched it in advance and used our GPS to take us there during a long trip. Decor: Hey, it looks like hardly anything has changed since the 1950's. Go with it...just part of the character. Food: Delicious. Some folks reviewing this place have mentioned high prices, but if you're from a big urban area this Turkish Restaurant is a bargain. Perfectly grilled lamb chops for $16 bucks! Yes, the hummus is great. The bread is homemade and hot! Everything we had was super...except maybe a very average American lettuce salad. Who cares about that? You are definitely in luck with the Turkish food. Service: Couldn't be friendlier. Don't miss it! (I just wish I lived closer. I'd eat here frequently.)
Allow me to preface this by saying I have been coming here since before I got married. It was a cold rainy day and I spotted it like a dog finds himself in the mirror that first time; TURKISH RESTAURANT. I was quite intrigued. In a place like Johnson City (no offense guys, okay, maybe a little) any chance you get to eat somewhere you couldn't find in say....46 other states it's worth a look around. I knew I had to at least stop in, so tea seemed like a logical next step. I had some tea to warm me up and I chatted with one of the owners and a patron. I got great vibes from the place and promised to return for dinner. I did and the rest is history. Donner kebab is good, so is the donner sandwich (I just like the giant rotating meat stick!) The hummus and pita are a must, the wife usually gets the spinach pie. MMMmmmmm, just thinking about this place makes me hungry! Get baklava for dessert and perhaps try the Turkish coffee. Affordable as well.
Had lunch.  Most of the parking meters in front of the restaurant were broken so I spent lunch hoping I didn't get a ticket.  Couldn't decide so I had the sampler platter.  Plenty of meats that were tasty.  Go for the lentil soup it's better than the salad.  Was a little pricey.
Operated by a lovely Turkish family who treat customers like family -- even on the first visit.  Ask "Mom" (wish I knew her name) for explanations & ideas if you're new to this type of food -- she'll hook you up!  Very casual atmosphere with 5-Star food you'd pay 5 times more for in NYC. Save room for dessert, or better yet, doggie-bag 1/2 your dinner & split 2 or 3 desserts with your table -- it would be a sin to skip them!
This is a great new place in the heart of Johnson City. The owners could not be warmer or more welcoming. Very family friendly atmosphere, some lunch specials though we'd like to see more authentic Turkish dishes offered at lunch. Generous portions. Dinner is priced a little high, (so is dessert) but you can make a great meal from the appetizers and they offer a sampler platter that is fabulous. We especially love: the babaganoush, creamy and slightly sweet; home made hummos so much better than store bought; flaky spinach pie; out of this world enormous warm pita bread that is to die for; spicy meat on a stick, very tasty;  Turksih cherry juice; sweet Turkish coffee in tiny cups that pack a wallop; the best baklava in town-- maybe on earth. So far the only things we haven't loved are the souvlaki (ordinary) and lentil soup (downright strange.) Everything else is absolutely wonderful and we will be back often and soon!
