I moved away from Binghamton a little over a month ago, and I really, really do not miss it. Except this place. And also my family. But mostly Crepe Heaven. You want breakfast crepes? Oh yeah. Dinner? Nailed it. Dessert crepes? 100%, you crepe-eating fiend. And trust me, you will be a crepe-eating fiend after this place. You want a jug of Nutella as big as your head? Well then you're a lunatic, but they'll set you that too and I have no idea why. So yeah, delicious, delicious crepes. Cute place overall too, a very quaint feel to it. And everyone's so nice! Not very quick in the kitchen though, but I find it worth the wait. Truly, this is what Marie Antoinette referred to when she advised that everyone should eat crepes. Or something along those lines. "Let them eat crepes?" That was it.
Wanted this Crepe joint to be all I had expected but it fell short in several categories, the main one being service. Came in around noon on a Sunday and the place was full except for our reserved table for six. The menu had savory and sweet crepes, waffle option and a few sandwich choices including a Bosnian burger, turkey, beef gyro or chevapi. Interesting choices. Our waitress came over and was sweet as could be. Took our drink order, a pitcher of water and two coffees. The water came but no coffee. We waited and waited and waited some more and finally the coffee came about 15 minutes later.  Asked for a cup of ice and that didn't come for a while as our waitress continuously forgot. We placed our orders: Apple and Nutella crepe for the table first. It took about 35-40 minutes for the crepes to come out. Too long. They were brought to share but no share plates were brought so we had to wait longer for plates. Apple crepe definitely undercooked it was just tough and chewy. Nutella crepe was unbelievably delicious. We individually ordered: veggie crepe, fruit crepe, Philly cheese crepe, chicken mozzarella crepe, ricotta spinach crepe and a burger.  As we sat and waited for our food I overheard other tables become upset with the server because she kept forgetting things and wasn't being attentive. This wasn't somebody having a bad day, this was blatant inexperience. The "entrees" came out at different times and people had to sit and watch their food get cold because we wanted to be polite and wait for the others to get their meals. There was a good ten minute space in between the first and last meal being dropped. Things only went downhill from here. The Philly cheesesteak crepe was yummy, rich and cooked perfectly. Chicken mozzarella crepe was also good. Fruit crepe yummy, it had kiwi strawberry and banana. The ricotta and spinach was pathetically filled. It looked like an empty crepe. Hardly any filing! The veggie crepe was missing something. It was boring. I tried the red pepper spread hoping to add a little something to it and it was gross. Horrible flavor. Now onto the burger. It was inedible. I mean literally the worst burger I've had that I cut it into 6's and made everyone try. The decision was unanimous, GROSS. The burger was a rubbery thin patty. I speculate it wasn't beef and don't want to think about what it could have been. We asked for ketchup and our waitress never brought it. We went up to the counter to remind our waitress but still, nothing! My sister was sitting waiting to start eating while everyone else was finished and all she needed was ketchup. Someone at our table finally got up a THIRD time and asked one of the men behind the counter who replied, "It's on the table!" Well there was NO ketchup on the table and after getting up a fourth time we had had it. The man came over, saw there was no ketchup and brought a massive bottle to the table. Classy right? Very unprofessional. Best part is two minutes later a different server came over to ask if we were done with the ketchup and took it off the table. Is that the only ketchup in the whole place? How about a ramekin?? Our waitress never even came over to make sure we got ketchup. It was bad and we sort of couldn't wait to get out of there. This place has potential no doubt but the service HAS to change.
The food here is lovely! As are the owners! Honestly if you want a fast meal this might not be your place but this is a great place to sit and have great food and conversation. And seriously, if you love Nutella then this is your place!
Absolutely delicious crepes. Perfectly made and wonderful service.  First restaurant to ever offer my 16 month old child sized utensil. The owners are so hospitable and friendly. Truly wonderful experience.  If we are in this area again it will be a must to stop!!
Prices: reasonable, especially for the portion size (shareable). Ambiance: more of a restaurant feel than a cafe feel (it's a little gloomy). Food: 5 stars and the rest of this review. It's a good idea to get one sweet and one savory crepe and split with a friend so you don't die of a sugar rush. I've tried: -the honey crepe (honey, almonds, walnuts) with added powdered sugar, whipped cream and strawberries -the Nutella crepe - exactly what you would expect in a good way -the Eurocrem crepe (white chocolate hazlenut spread) - very sweet but awesome, think Starbucks' white chocolate mocha in crepe form -the caramel apple crepe (my favorite, not to be missed) - like warm apple pie -the veggie crepe (Sautéed Peppers, Spinach, Mushroms, Tomato, Broccoli) with added ham (favorite savory crepe, so perfect) - reminiscent of an omelette but lighter -the Philly cheesesteak crepe (very tasty) - juicy and flavorful -ham panini - the mayo sauce really makes this amazing, and the bread is crispy and fresh They also do a great cappuccino. One of my favorite brunch spots!
The horrible service docks this place of what could've been a solid review. The young woman at the register had absolutely no knowledge of the menu- when my friend asked what types of smoothies they had and how much they cost, the waitress told her to walk over to read the 4 very easily memorized flavors off a list by the entrance. One of the women in the back came out to whine about how many dishes she had to wash just as a family got up to remind her they'd been waiting for her to take their order and bring them their drinks. My friend and I had full-view of the back kitchen where 2 other women gossiped and prepared crepes at 0-miles-per-hour. Finally, as we left we watched them empty all of the singles in the register and shove them into the already stuffed tip jar- nice touch to try and give the illusion their work should be lauded.
Oh, how "Crepe Heaven" is so appropriately named! A true gem in Binghamton!! I found Crepe Heaven just a few weeks before I moved out of town.  I could not believe I was missing such an incredible place that whole time!! Nutella Crepe is the perfect go-to sweet crepe.  Nutella is wonderful as it is...but served in crepe form?  Out of this world!!  If you're in the mood for something savory,  have the Philly Cheesesteak crepe!!  The Chicken and Cheese crepe is also melt-in-your-mouth delicious!! Service is very friendly and helpful.  The crepes do take a while to make.  Though it's totally worth the wait, because you'll treasure every bite!!
Came here for some very nice crepes. Greeted warmly, with a few locals there to begin but gradually filling up for lunch on a weekday summer afternoon. The ambiance was pleasant, with some cute touches. TV on the back wall. Disappointed when my hubby ordered orange juice and received a small bottle of ocean spray and a glass - we were hoping for something more like fresh-squeezed at $2.50 or so. On the positive side, we took it to-go. I had a Bavarian cream crepe and he had a fruit crepe with caramel and chocolate sauces. Both were pretty filling. They did take a bit of time, but only such that I noticed it had been awhile when they came out. We also got a soy chai latte and a coffee, which were quite good. The bathroom in the back is huge - wheelchair-accessible I presume, with both toilet and urinal, interestingly enough. Otherwise, the sweets in the display case looked good. I think we would go back for lunch and maybe try a savory crepe, as they don't open early enough for breakfast for us. Seems like it would be a nice weekend brunch spot.
Pleasantly Surprised! Went in expecting a fast food joint style experience left with UPscale restaurant experience! And who would I be if I didn't comment on the extraordinary GF options! The attention to detail, not only to GF, but too all allergies alike is thoughtful and most pleasing! The server was attentive most pleasant and I look forward to returning again with family and friends!
I've been to Crepe Heaven a couple of times and my experience there has always been very satisfying. I love everything about this restaurant - the ambience, the service, the food, the coffee, and ESPECIALLY the desserts. I have to admit that the crepe I got there was not too satisfying because I thought it was too doughy, but I would not mind trying one of its crepes again. Usually when I go to Crepe Heaven, I go there for its Mediterranean food and its desserts. The Bosnian burger and the chevapi are both very good dishes. You cannot leave this place without trying its desserts - baklava and rum balls are a must! The atmosphere of the restaurant is very relaxing. It is similar to those cafes where you can just sit in, enjoy a combination of aromatic scents (coffee, food, and sweets), and read a book for hours on end. ...Except you come to Crepe Heaven to eat, not to read.
It looks like people either really like this place or they don't like it. Put me clearly on the side of liking. The food is really good for what it is and as Ashleigh H. mentioned the coffee is fabulous. If you are looking for some place different to go, this is a good place. The service might be a little slow by "look-at-me-I'm-in-a-rush-American" standards but nothing dreadful. In fact I like not being rushed when I am going someplace to eat. If I want to be rushed, I'll go through a drive-thru. That said, the one time I was in a rush, I nicely mentioned it to the staff and my meal came out promptly.
The Crepes are delicious. Yet the service is SOOOO slow. Crepes should take maybe 3 minutes each to make, yet I've waited almost 50 minutes when only 4 small tickets were ahead of mine. With some better management and cooking staff this place would be almost perfect.
The Veggie Crepe is really yummy. It's really hard to mess up crepes. It's just dough and filling. This place is a good addition to the greater binghamton area. It's different and cultural. With that being said, I wish the place had more pizazz to it and mix it up a little. The service is kinda slow, but it's a good casual place to visit.
We started going to this place when they first opened about a year ago.  Since then their crepes have gotten better.  The service was a bit slow the last time we went, but the meal is well worth it. Tip:  Don't order more than one crepe unless you are REALLY hungry.  They are pretty massive... and the coffee is pretty good too. Last time I talked to the owner he said they were thinking of opening up an Ithaca location.
Crepe Heaven is so close to being good and I really hope they're able to develop and step up their game. I have to applaud the decor and renovated space. Very clean. Hardwood floors. Cute tables. Wonderful painted tin ceilings. Good lighting. Based on first impressions, our expectations shot up quite a bit. The service was kinda bad. They were very nice, but took forever to take our order and deliver our check. It seemed like they didn't want to rush anyone, but there's a fine line between not-rushing and overly slow. As for the crepes, I got the spinach and Ricotta cheese and wifey got the ham/cheese/egg with mushroom added.  After those two, we decided to share a strawberry and nutella crepe. Wifey thought the crepes needed just a little more time being cooked  - these were a little on the doughy side. The fillings were slightly underwhelming in terms of choices and tastiness. In our desert crepe, the strawberries were cold. We both prefer them hot, mushy, and cooked. Some girls at the next table also had a similar perspective, they asked if they could request the vegetables be sauted next time. They server said yes, so I guess that's an option. (but one that you should not need to specifically request) Basically, I love that Crepe Heaven exists, but I just wish it was better.  More options for fillings. More unique/specialized crepes (no Crepes Suzettes!?). Spend more attention and care on preparing the food. (piping hot fillings please). Faster service. Wifey's note on the whole experience is "It's not difficult to make crepes, so why are these crepes not better? If they were better, I'd be happy to shell out more cash for them." We'll probably be back. Crepe Heaven - if you happen to read this. We love that you're open, but we want you to step up your game.  Cheap is fine, but we'd prefer you charge more and provide better crepes.
This place is just two and a half weeks old, and an adorable addition to this scuzzy part of Main.  They have sweet and savory crepes made to order.  We had a savory (feta, spinach, and mushrooms) and a sweet (milk and white chocolate hazelnut).  The savory was great, a perfect afternoon bite.  The sweet was ALMOST great, but marred for me by Hershey's syrup drizzled on top.  Totally unnecessary and yucky artificial flavor on top of the nutella stuffed crepe, but this could be easily remedied next time by a request for no syrup on top. The servers are very eager to help and let us linger without bother.  My only gripe stems from the Hershey's and the bottled lemon juice that I spied inside.  Fresh lemon juice is so easy and so much better, so I was a tiny bit disappointed.  But no worries; I'd be back.  Thanks to Mariana M. for the tip on this one!! So cheap, btw!
A Bosnian crepe place in Binghamton?!?!  Yes indeed!  My hubby and I stopped here for lunch randomly on a Saturday afternoon and we will be back.   I ordered a "make your own" savory crepe which I basically assembled into a gyro with feta, tomatoes & gyro meat.  Hubby ordered the bourek which is basically a Bosnian calzone and consists of beef & onion in a flaky pastry type dough.  The bourek takes about 20 minutes to prepare and you are warned on the menu but it's so damned good and definitely worth the wait! Needless to say we were too full for dessert but will certainly have to save room next time.  The sweet crepes looked amazing and the owner makes all the other desserts from scratch including the largest chunk of baklava I've ever seen!
I'm sad to see he few not-so-good reviews, as this is the go-to-place for my boyfriend and I.  We went when they first opened and have made a trip at least once a month since!   My "regular" is the Nutella Crepe with Bananas; however recently I've switched to the Fresh Fruit Crepe with a side of Nutella.  The crepes are quite large and have always been amply filled for both my boyfriend and I. The coffee here is PHENOMENAL.  They use L'Aveggio, a local coffee roaster, and boy does it make a difference.  I generally get a latte, but the regular coffee is fabulous as well. (I recommend the Turkish coffee too- served right with a sugar cube and a Turkish Delight on the side!) I agree that sometimes the wait for service is a bit longer than one might like, but it doesn't really come as a bother to me because I half expect that to be the case upon my visits. This is a wonderful little place to go and have something delicious and authentic, out of the norm of the iHOPs and Denny's and things that unfortunately populate the greater Binghamton area.
Just came back from brunch here. Had been a few times before and I think their service has improved a little. It's a gem for Binghamton - cute interior and very well maintained. Always clean and fresh looking as opposed to so many other grungy Binghamton establishments. The crepes themselves are tasty. My fave is the "Ricotta" which also has spinach in it -  delicate and satisfying. Shared a "Ham" with BF which was ham, egg and cheddar. That was also nice. It's served with a side of sour cream. The texture/doneness of the crepes can be a little inconsistant, though. Guess it depends who makes them? We had a Nutella for dessert and the crepe was a bit under done and doughy. Nonetheless, Nutella makes *anything* good and this is a great little spot.
I love this place and it is a favorite spot for my family. The menu is limited, but has some great selections. The husband and wife who own the place are very friendly and are willing to answer questions about the food, as well as the desserts and Bosnian/Eastern European groceries that are sold within the restaurant. My son's favorite is the Nutella and White Chocolate Crepe. We've had both the sweet and the more savory crepes. I'm a fan on breakfast food, and always enjoy the ham, egg, and cheese crepe. The last time we were there we had a wonderful soup made with ground beef (I'm sorry I forgot the name). If you like fruit juice, try the strawberry juice that they have--excellent flavor, as though it was freshly pressed. The portions were large, prices very reasonable, both kid-friendly and college student friendly. It also would be a nice place to go for a cup of coffee and dessert--we had a walnut cake that was out-of-this world. Highly recommend for a night when you want to get out of the house and have a good meal without spending a ton of money.
I was impressed! Maybe I'm not a crepe expert but I have had them made fresh in front of me on the streets of Paris! I ordered a "build your own" crepe that had tomatoes, potatoes & some onions & it was quite good! Big too, barely finished it! My companion had one with strawberries & whipped cream & reported that she liked it as well. Be sure to check out their pastry case, seems like there's a lot of great stuff in there: baklava, etc.
I have been here several times, have ordered the chevapi- bosnian type meatballs, very delicious. the bourek, also a bosnian dish, meat baked into a flaky bread and also very tasty.  As for the crepes I am also delighted by them.  Last time i ordered the chicken with cheese and spinach and a pineapple juice. about $10.  the extra topping of spinach was 75cents extra.  I have also had the waffle with powdered sugar, ice, chocolate syrup, whipped cream, banana and NUTELLA.  I should not have eaten it by myself but its too good.  it might have been $5 and its worth more.
Absolutely my favorite place in Binghamton! A great variety of tastes, and a great European feel. And the crepes are so cheap! My friend and I met here weekly for a year, and the two of us together would spend $10-15, depending on our drinks. The owner is a Yugoslavian (Bosnian I think) refuge and used to be a fashion photographer. His wife makes the desserts from scratch. And the staff is always friendly!
Their soup was okay, but it was warm as opposed to hot. I ordered a panini and my friend ordered a veggie crepe with mozzarella. My panini looked like something an 8yr old could have made at home. The mozzarella was left out of my friends crepe and she was deeply disappointed. She brought it up to the waiter and he just apologized, he didn't even offer to re-do. When the bill arrived, she was charged for the cheese...what? It also took them forever to get us our food and the check. I ended up just getting up and asking for it at the register. I won't be coming back unless someone pulls me in.
In addition to their crepes and other desserts, Crepe Heaven has a limited selection of excellent Bosnian food. The Burek is particularly good. Call ahead if you plan to do takeout. Overall, the atmosphere has a romantic European feel.
I love this place, i had a dessert Crepe w/Nutella, Caramel, White Chocolate, Whipped Cream & Vanilla Ice Cream, it was amazing, it had the perfect amount of Nutella, the Crepe itself wasn't chewy but that first bite had the perfect "cush" like putting your head on a freshly fluffed pillow. I will most definitely order this again.
We've now been here for over an hour to have two coffees, soup, and one crepe for here, one to go.  Food was great, but service was awful.  Asked twice for waters. Might give it one more chance but not anytime soon.
Friendly, pefectly clean, fantastic housemade cakes, and the most delicious crepes that were a nostalgia trip down a childhood lane.  Saed a congenial host - free Wi-fi, and really good latte. PS Philly steak crepe well seasoned, really flavorful and satisfying.
After reading other reviews, I decided to try it myself. When my wife and I walked in, we were greeted by the owner in a white T-shirt as was mentioned by another reviewer. He told us to sit anywhere. I was surprised that there were seats available as there were not too many tables and we were there between 12:00 and 1:00pm. We waited about 5 minutes later ba a young waitress (remember there were only 2 other tables that had customers). She took our drink orders - ice teas. It took at least another 5 minutes to get our drinks. The waitress then asked us if we were ready to order. When we said "yes", she had to go get her order pad. I ordered a meat lovers crepe and my wife ordered a vegetarian crepe. She did ask if onions could be substituted for broccoli. That was not a problem. There were 4 women sitting at the next table who had had coffee and waiting for the waitress to take their order. After not being waited on, they left with leaving money on the table. We waited over twenty minutes for our food. Finally the owner came to us explaining our food will be out in a few minutes as they prepare their food fresh. Finally the waitress brought us our food. Our crepes were thin with little filling. They really need to put more filling in them. I would have been impressed if they were rounded out with filling rather than being flat. We left hungry. I was disappointed in the service by the waitress. She seemed to have disappeared. The owner came over to us after we had finished to ask us how it was. We did say it was okay. He talked to us for awhile. He was very nice. Our waitress never came back. We had to pay the owner and we told him what we had. It only came to $15. I would have paid more - maybe $20 if our crepes had more filling. The crepes themselves were quite doughey. I cut the sides off mine and didn't eat it. I do hope the owner makes a go of it. He is very nice and deserves it. However, if it doesn't improve, we will not go back. The place is clean but it is nothing special in ambiance. Too bad it's not in downtown Binghamton. He might get the lunch crowd from people who can walk to lunch, but it's on the west side toward Johnson City. We're not going back anytime soon.
Probably one of the better breakfast serving restaurants in Binghamton area, had omlets, and crepes, everything well made and to order... also as someone who appreciates good coffee i certainly must compliment on the decision to brew La Vagio roasted coffee;  A  local roasting and coffee sales company whose high quality products cannot be praised enough.
cute little cafe that serves savory and sweet crepes~ we went on a brunch date and enjoyed ourselves! the owner (and only server) was lovely. we had gyro and feta crepe and strawberry, banana, and nutella crepe with ice cream. they were the perfect portion so we didn't feel overly stuffed. highly recommend if you're in binghamton!
