If you like sashimi, you will like this place. The Pad Thai is delicious as well. Great service! Highly recommended.
The food is decent but the rolls use more rice than I would like. if you make a reservation, seating on a busy night should be a breeze. They only serve 4 rolls instead of the usual 6, which explains the price (usually$3-$8 for one order). Overall it's probably one of the better sushi places in the area. A couple tips: -I'm not a fan of the Eel. It's not cooked that well. -The American Dream roll is my favorite -all the regular rolls should be okay -the Calamari doesn't have the best texture and is kind of difficult to eat
I found the sushi here only okay, it never seems fresh and the portions are incredibly small. However, due of the lack of quality sushi in the Binghamton area it seems like the only options.
This place is probably one of the best sushi places in the Binghamton area, but definitely not the best that I've had. The sushi here is good, and the conveyor belt is cool. Trying to catch your food is definitely entertaining, but sometimes it takes so long for what you're looking for to actually come around. You can always order off the menu, of course. So why only three stars? Well, this place is SO disorganized. I know that Mondays are their busy days, but there is usually a whole line (more like a mob at times) just crowded in the waiting area (and sometimes out the door) with no one attending to them. Sometimes you may even have to wait for up to ten minutes for a waiter/waitress to show up to take down names. They should definitely have at least another person working so they can take care of the people that are waiting. Or a more efficient system. And speaking of Monday, I ordered something on a Monday once and it took a whole HOUR to come out. I'm not even exaggerating. The waitress apologized though, but I was still pissed that it took over an hour for unagi to come out. And while most of their waiters/waitresses are really nice and friendly, there is just this one lady who is just plain rude. She just made us sit down, threw some menus at us, and didn't bother asking what we wanted to drink. She never came back to ask what we wanted and whenever we tried to call her over, she would pretend not to see us. Their Korean food is SO overpriced. I know that it's Binghamton--the middle of nowhere, but these prices are outrageous. I think their Kalbi is around $20-$21? I could get Kalbi in the city with other stuff at HALF the price. However, I can vouch that their Korean food is pretty decent. It may not be worth the price, but if you're really craving some Korean food, then you can get that here. This place is good, but they need to fix some things up before I can give them a better rating.
This place is awesome. The Party Somen noodles were really great. We had the vegetable pancake also, which was good (ESP w the dipping sauce), but not great. The hot stone bimim bap was great too. Be careful though, they serve everything really hot. They have 1/2 price sushi on Mondays, but the Monday we went there was a really long line (out the door). I had the Binghamton Udon that day, which were really thick noodles. Good, but not as good as the Party Somen. One thing I would change is the addition of utensils beyond chopsticks. I can use them, but I'm really bad at it. Also, I can't believe the comment about rude staff posted here. Every time we've gone everyone was really, really nice and super attentive. They even make sure to thank you for coming in before you leave, even when they're crazy busy. They also do take out, which is awesome :)
This place is amazing. The conveyor belt sushi is a fun twist and definitely unique to Binghamton at least. Staff is courteous and friendly. Would recommend if you are tired of the other area sushi joints.
I could NOT be happier about this place.  As a recluse, I love conveyer sushi because I am able to go in, eat tasty sushi, and not feel weird about being by myself / talk to anyone.  Best of all worlds!   Every employee I talked to was super nice!
I went here over the weekend for lunch. It wasn't busy, but there were people here, who mainly seemed to be Korean, which I took as a good sign. It filled up more before we left. Service was great - we were promptly seated, given menus, and had drink orders taken. They came by often throughout the meal to refill our green tea. I wasn't really in a sushi mood, so I got the hot stone vegetable bibimbap. It was great, vegetable were fresh and I had enough for leftovers. I also tried my friends' sushi - the spicy tuna and Philadelphia rolls, yum! Didn't try anything off the conveyer belt, but there were some that looked really good, and I would try next time. Looking forward to going back and trying more items!
Yay for half-price sushi! Came for lunch at around 2:30 with my roommate and we were seated right away. The staff is a bit busy, but not rude by any means. The food came quickly and the conveyor belt is adorable (reminds me of the places in Portland, OR that do boats, trains, etc.). The Alaska, sweet potato tempura, and crab tempura rolls are all very delicious. We also had some seaweed salad that was tasty. Go on an off-peak hour and enjoy quality sushi!!
I stopped in while on tour after reading good reviews on yelp. I couldn't find much that interested me on the belt so I grabbed an average seaweed salad and ordered from the kitchen. I had the spicy tuna roll which was actually really spicy, which I love. The problem was there were only 4 small pieces for $5. I also ordered the spicy salmon roll (not so spicy) and an order of ebi which seemed fairly fresh. My issue with the restaurant is what you get for the price. The staff was friendly. Not sure if I would go back again. Average at best.
Excited about this new sushi place in the Greater Binghamton area! The sushi rolls seem to be their strong suit. We tried the spicy salmon roll, american dream roll, and mango roll - all the ingredients were fresh, and the presentation was thoughtful. There were enough customers in the restaurant (about 60% full) to keep the conveyor belt items relatively fresh. We were not as impressed by their noodles. My husband was disappointed with the ramen (important note: this is Korean style, not Japanese ramen), which was small, with very little toppings (they even forgot to add the hard-boiled egg), and over-priced. The Korean entrees also seemed a bit overpriced (e.g., $12.95 for soon doo boo) so we will probably come back mainly for the sushi (which has the potential to be the best you can find in the rather impoverished Korean/Japanese food scene here). Overall, Ebishura is definitely an exciting addition to the Greater Binghamton area, and we will be back for the sushi. Bonus - the restaurant has a tasteful interior decor and attentive service (staff was friendly and familiar with all their menu items) so it is a great place to bring your friends who pass through the Binghamton area.
Passing through town, stopped in thanks to Yelp.  What a find!   Fantasic staff, great prices and excellent sushi rolls.  Get the Ebishura Roll...amazing.  Will definitely be back when we pass through Binghampton.
well...let me just say...this was unexpected adventure!  Out from  cali where it is good to see a place that has good k-food.  owner and staff is extremely courteous and gratious!  definitely be back if back in the neighborhood.  the only only reason for 4 and not 5 is not a true sushi bar.  everything else is a solid 5!
Since their Grand opening my family has eaten there 3 times. We loved their sushi as well as their Galbi BBQ, Rock Shrimp, Hot Stone Bibim Bab. Monday is half priced sushi. The sevice is great, everyone is very friendly and if you have any question they are quick to help. We will definetly be return customers.
