Last night was a perfect evening to be on the Patio at  Dillengers! I was with four friends trying out their new menu! The menu has several gluten free options as well as delicious baked chicken wings! Not your typical greasy bar fare. Eric (the server) took excellent care of us.I recommend his Cosmopolitans! ! Dillengers has two levels. The Main Floor has the Patio, a smaller more intimate dining area, and the main bar with a DJ. While upstairs has a Nightclub!!! It's refreshing to have a clean,well run establishment in the area. Try the new menu! You will not be disappointed!
I asked for a water with my strong drink.  Bartender put a bottle of Poland spring I front of me, said "$3".  I pushed it back saying "A glass of water, this is a bar.  That should be free."  She said "You need to change your attitude, we only sell water." Irresponsible.  Arrogant.  Borderline criminal.
Probably the worst burger that I've ever had going out to eat. I mean, I know that the irish aren't quite known for their cuisine, but the pickled onions ruined what could've been a great meal. I've had that sour taste lingering on my palate for nearly an hour after I left in discontent. Pint of Blue Moon was supposedly $2.50 on Wednesdays but came up on the bill as $3.00 a pop. A little dishonest but can be overlooked. Not as bad as that god awful burger.
A few years back I had lunch at this establishment. Lunch was the House Burger and fries. It was great. Well a year later I decided to turn someone else on to this lunchtime eatery. My friend opted for the burger and I decided to go for the fish and chips. The food looked great! I asked for Malt vinegar for my fish and I was presented with a white malt mayo looking aioli sauce. WHAT ? The girl told me they didn't have malt vinegar but they had this sauce instead. Ok, I give it a taste. It had a hint of malt vinegar, a taste of mayo and it was sweet. Sorry but that was a major failure. I'm still wondering how you make this malt vinegar sauce without malt vinegar.....hhhmmmm. Anyway the fries were limp and well soaked in oil. Ok on my worst nights I've had worse. So the burger was a hit, perfectly done, good sauce, onions and a very tasty roll. Now the fish....the fish... I've cooked many cuisines in my life but I never had a piece of fish with no flavor. The batter coating was tasty and perfect however if it wasn't for the seasoning in the batter, the fish would not have a flavor which leads me to the next concern.... Considering the fish itself had no flavor, can you get a fish flavored oil in order to give this stuff flavor? The fish and chips turned out to be a real alien experience to me considering the hundreds of fish and chips I've eaten over the years. I didn't finish the fish basket and frankly a bit thankful for that as there sat a pool of oil in the basket that would have made the Exxon Valdez look like a drop. Do I recommend the burger, sure but stay away from the fish. I doubt I'll be dropping in at this establishment again.
Everytime I'm in the Binghamton area, my girlfriend and I always end up at Dillingers.  It's a typical college bar scene with pretty good drink specials and a lot of open space for plenty of people.  This place does get packed on Friday and Saturday nights. The downstairs portion of Dillingers is nice for getting drinks at the bar and the upstairs is more of a night club.  They have a DJ going with strobe lights and dancing.  It's a lot of fun. Overall, Dillingers is a fun spot to head to on the weekends.  I would recommend it.
Cool looking bar filled with locals.  Has pool table.
Typical college bar with an atypical bartender. Walking into this packed bar after a wedding reception (right next door) was an interesting time.  Things were pretty good as our bartender had been our bartender at the hotel bar the previous evening.  When you're from out of town, seeing a slightly familiar face makes a difference. They have no draft beer which is a big minus in my book.  Their bottle selection was not fantastic but I was able to drink Hoegaarden and Smithwick's for the evening.  No one really got in our way or bothered us which was nice. Anyhoo she kept our drinks full and the service was prompt and attentive.  The prices here are pretty low and every 3 minutes the DJ kept reminding the crowd about $2 shots. Ahh college bars...
Dillinger's is a clean, sterile restaurant/pub on the south end of State Street bar row. My biggest problem with the joint is that they serve all their beer in bottles. What kind of Irish pub is that? Pints! We want pints! But aside from that, this place was pretty solid. Their menu is small, but some good options (I enjoyed the pulled chicken BBQ sandwich - although its not as good as the one you'll get at Lost Dog Cafe). The insides are immaculately clean and done in a dark wood style, which is appealing to the eye. So its good for a pub style dinner. Not so good if you're looking for a pint or two in a true Irish Pub style atmosphere.
The food is horrible and the service offered by the wait staff was not up to par of many of the surrounding establishments. Pretty much, skip this place. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
This review is strictly for the dance loft upstairs. But in terms of the entire place, it's extremely clean and classy. Even the bathrooms were clean, which is quite a rare find on State Street. First off, no cover. That's awesome! My friend and I went upstairs to the dance loft and it is really nice up there. Super clean and still had a hint of that "new" smell. They play mostly electro house and progressive house. I heard one dubstep track. The DJ was legit and good! No playing off an iPod, no horrible transitions, this guy was for real. I had a blast dancing for 2 and a half hours. This place really isn't your typical college bar as one guy on here said. I say that because the typical college bars on this street are so packed you can't move, their drinks are severely watered down, and you can wear almost anything and get in. At Dillingers, there's tons of space (at least in the dance loft) and you can move around, no drinks are watered (at least that I saw), and guys must wear a collared shirt to enter the dance loft. Hands down, favorite bar on State Street.
Absolutely disgusting. Food is on barely edible and drinks are nothing special. Floors are filthy and the it is usually filled with trashy, tasteless students. The absolute worst part about this place is their "dress code" which they use as a cover for their blatantly racist door policy. I've witnessed people get turned away for the color of their skin, no joke. If I could give 0 stars I would. SKIP THIS RACIST ESTABLISHMENT
Good size and very clean bar. The staff maintains it well and are friendly.  The service is quick.  The crowds are friendly. I recommend trying the food. Good wings and overall menu of typical bar food. They don't serve draft beer, but have the best selection of bottled beer downtown. Seating outback and on the side patio is comfortable and private during the warm summer months. A good local favorite.
Where to start !!! 1- beer is warm 2-French onion soup had barely and cheese. 3- can't get silver wear. 4- the calamari was not fresh 5- the fries are those cheap kind . 6- and to top it off the waitress was not friendly.  GO TO SOME OTHER PLACE YOU KNOW IS GOOD ALREADY !!!!!
Probably the only place to go dancing with a young crowd. College students, graduates, young adults. Cheap drinks and good looking crowd. Didn't come for the food. Got there around midnight and it was nicely packed with women.
Ditto Patrick's opinion on the bottles.  I want my beer on tap, dammit!  The Long Island iced tea (made with ginger ale, huh??) was strong and made tolerable the excruciating playlist (HOT HOT HOT?? What is this, the 1990s bar mitzvah I bespoke in my review of Rudy's Beau Rivage??  Ye gods!).  The side room is ideal for card playing or schmoozing, more my cup of tea than the teeming main room.  Completely average acceptable DT bar option, and definitely less sketchy than some others.
For my age folks (mid 40's)...this a great after work joint. It starts to get pretty crowded with the younger crowd, which I find energizing, after 8--but that does not change how cool the place is. The staff is great. Glad I found it.
My favorite bar when I was at SUNY Binghamton, unfortunately it opened my senior year so that doesn't say much about the others nearby.  This place was always very clean, not too packed, service was good, and the crowd of people were always the best out of the choice of bars.   They  also have a nice little outside area in the back.  I'm not a big bar person so if my friends wanted me to go out this is where I was going.
Simply put, the best wings I've ever had outside of Buffalo NY. The bar is great too, definitely a cut above it's State street brethren. Dillingers does not, curiously enough, accept credit cards at the bar which is a bummer. This negative however is made up tenfold by the facts that it is huge, it's bathrooms are clean, it's bartenders know how to bartend, and the people there are not in nor act as if they are in high school.
My favorite bar in Binghamton.  It's much more clean than the neighbors up and down State Street.  Always clean, much more room now that they have opened the other side and extra patio space in the summer for the smokers.  They don't take credit cards, which I think keeps away certain people.  They don't have draft beer, which again keeps away certain people.  Are either of those a good thing or a bad thing? I don't know.  I can still have fun paying cash to drink bottled beer. At least the place is clean and the beer is cold.
Clean, big, okay crowd. I don't appreciate that beer is bottle-only, and that they won't take credit cards. What is that? And I agree with Alexandra; the bathroom is indeed "faaar away." Especially problematic for me - I should be on a Detrol commercial.
Hang out of choice for all the tool bags of Binghamton. Make sure you wear your abercrombie and fitch surfer shirt and your matching hat or you wont fit in. (Anything made by Hollister will also suffice).
Only decent place left on state street.  The ONLY thing that I would improve is to build a bathroom upstairs.
dillingers is relatively new to state st (i think it opened summer '05).  it's pretty clean,  a little older crowd.  nice outdoor patio area.  bar music, sort of like tony's (bon jovi, classic rock...) ive never eaten there but im sure they have standard bar food. it's a pretty fun time at dillingers, though usually a place to start off your night then move on to the rat or sportsbar
My favorite place to hang out in downtown  Binghamton.  Clean and no rif RAF.
