There really isn't much to say about the Oakdale Mall. If you have ever been here you know that it is, for a fact, a poor excuse for a mall.
A pathetic excuse for a mall. If your looking for a top or a pair of jeans it's okay/reasonable to go here. But if you want to go on a shopping spree or buy a specific seasons wardrobe would not suggest it. It takes 2 hours to go through the whole mall so if your a shopping enthusiast like myself it's worth the drive an hour north to destiny USA. Don't waste your time here.
This is a one-story mall in Binghamton. I repeat, in Binghamton. From being a student here, I've just learned to accept that there's not much in this "city" and this mall reflects this fact. Yes, the mall is clean. Yes, there are some stores like Abercrombie and AE that some people may want to go to, but otherwise there's not much... There is a Charlotte Russe which is okay in their selection (one of the few stores with half decent clothing for teens and young women). Rue 21 is a somewhat more "ghetto"/run down version of Forever 21 that has some okay stuff (but still lacking in quality). Speaking of which, there is no Forever 21 here. Or H&M. Definitely no Uniqlo or Apple Store. Heck, I don't think Apple even know that Binghamton exists. Either way, the number of stores here is limited. Very limited. There's a CVS. Inside a mall. And if you go on Oakdale Mall's website, CVS is listed under Electronics and Music. If that isn't a red flag to stay away from this mall, then I don't know what is. Sure, this may be a good time killer if you've really got nothing to do, but it really isn't worth the visit. If you come in the mall wanting to buy something, you're probably going to leave still wanting to buy that same thing. You're better off buying something off some website.
5 stars for the Cinnabon, the only redeeming quality of this mall. Minus 3 stars for the rest of it (terrible selection; too many ramps and stairs.) And why are there two Game Stops? This mall doesn't make any sense. Avoid unless craving Cinnabon.
It's a sad little mall.  The two star rating is generous and more for nostalgia than anything else (my first job was a 10 month stint at The Gap).   For department stores, there's a c-grade Macy's (they don't sell Armani, Prada, Versace, or any of those other designers whose name you can't pronounce), Bon-Ton, JC Penney, Sears, and Burlington Coat Factory.   They've got most of your mall staples, but the selection sucks.  Definitely no Apple Store, so don't get your hopes up.  No Sephora, no H&M :( Weekends are usually filled with teenagers everywhere.  Avoid if you can.
A staid, gray and depressing place, much like the Southern Tier itself. There is a Macy's and a JCPenny with B-grade merchandise, and one floor of B/C grade shops. There is no New Era here, nor a dude on Spring Street with random stuff, there is only Lidz. I can't buy fitteds. I buy my kicks....at footlocker..All the while dodging suburbanites who colonize malls like hives.. I would rather wait and just go back to the city. I can hit Uniqlo, Muji, Pearl River, the Apple Store and the Puma Store in one go. Those five stores alone account for where I buy pretty much all of my material possessions besides books. Those are 12 blocks up Broadway at the Strand. There are none here.
3 stars instead of 2 because, again (reference: Plaza Diner) it's in Binghamton. It IS the only place to go shopping in the area (Syracuse mall is way way bigger, and about 45 minutes away) that is a one story modest mall, with a few decent stores for college students (Hollister, Abercrombie.. meh).  I think the best part about the mall is that Ruby Tuesday's (salad bar) is attached :) There's a strange mix of things going on inside, from SUNY students, townies, community fellows, senior citizens and sometimes farm animals (seriously, I saw my first turkey inside the mall.. along with goats and chickens. So random.)  It's a good place to spend a slow weekend afternoon, but you will not, by any means, walk out with what you need or want, really.
About halfway through the semester, you start to realize you need new pants. Or a shirt. Or a few shirts. Or a new pair of boots. Okay so maybe you just need a distraction from the craziness of the semester, and shopping seems to be some sort of reprieve. Unfortunately you won't find it here. It's just your typical mall, with not a lot of options and a dull atmosphere. I remember thinking when I saw Oakdale Mall "okay, where are the other ones?", and being told this was THE mall. The ONLY mall. I was in a city bigger than my hometown, and this is what I get? Sigh. If I was desperate for a day out, sometimes I would come here with some friends and we would walk around for awhile. One time we spent 5 hours here (!!!). Never. Again. I found earbuds here once for a decent price, and that was the last time I went. Maybe one day Binghamton will realize it would be better to just let it die...
Oakdale used to be passable when I first started going there about 6 years ago, but it's been going steadily downhill for the past few years. Too bad it's really the only option for this kind of indoor mall in the area. The store selection has shrunken a bit. This is saying something, as it wasn't too great to begin with. The Walden Books bookstore has closed, the little independent cafe that was once there is gone, etc. Many of the stores are monotonous/repetitive and aimed at the teen-tween-petite crowd (Aero, Hollister, A&F, VS, Deb, Rue 21, Charlotte Russe, Mandee - see what I mean?). There are not a lot of sophisticated options here. Nor are there a lot of options for normal sized women. (aka: NOT "juniors!") The size/selection of a lot of the stores is also grossly disappointing. For example. the "anchor" stores Macy's, JCP, and Sears are about a fourth of the size you'd find them elsewhere. The merchandise selection, naturally, reflects this. Stil, there are a few stores that I've always liked - Burlington, Gertrude Hawk Chocolates, Regis Hair Salon and JCP (even though it's a very sad JCP). The mall is always kept clean and is well maintained. As mentioned, they do have a lot of special events and displays here. They can be fun - especially the farm animals.
Compared to all the malls I've visited, this place would be below average.  However, taking into account the geographic location that is southern NY state, I think this place is decent.  It's a large one story mall, clean and well lighted.  I was surprised that the mall connected to the 2nd floor of Macy's rather than the first. We spent some time wandering around to pass the time and was surprised that there were so few stores that sold electronics.  I only remember a small Radio Shack.
Ah, the Oakdale Mall - the shopping mall for the greater Binghamton area, and a weekend hangout for bunches of SUNY kids.  There's not a whole lot to this mall, and most people in the market for major shopping will get in their cars and make the hour's drive to the far more expansive (and updated) Carousel Mall in Syracuse. While it's been several years since I last shopped here - and those ripe to defend Oakdale should take note of that - I never thought it was a terrible mall by any stretch of the imagination.  I could definitely find things I wanted/needed at this mall, but it was always more of a quick shopping experience rather than a leisurely one.  Their "anchor" stores are Macy's; JCPenney; Sears; Burlington Coat Factory; and Bon-Ton, so those people - and I'm looking at you, SUNY kid from Long Island - who are used to more high-end department stores will be in for a bit of a rude awakening. The only store I was really surprised by when I first set foot in Oakdale was the Bon-Ton. I'd never heard of the store previously, and I haven't seen one since.  Where are they, besides Oakdale?  (I don't know anyone who has ever shopped in a Bon-Ton outside of Oakdale.  Again, where are they? They're rather elusive creatures, more like some type of rare bird or something.)  In addition, I haven't been to Sears in a long time, probably since I last shopped at Oakdale - we no longer have it in my area - and the same goes for Burlington Coat Factory.   Oakdale also has a variety of small stores that most shoppers will recognize, such as Abercrombie, American Eagle, and Victoria's Secret, which will keep regular shoppers happy and snootier shoppers from going insane.  It has a bright, scrubbed appearance, but it remains a small mall.  It was definitely constructed long before the mega malls took hold - it's a one-story structure - and its layout reflects this.  But hey, it does have a bookstore - Waldenbooks, but at least it's something - and a Cinnabon!  And the staff at the walk-in nail place actually do a pretty good job, but you might be overwhelmed by the fumes of nail glue and polish remover before you can see your manicure.  Oakdale also boasted a pretty crappy movie theatre at one time, which I always felt was constructed simply because every mall these days has a movie theatre and Oakdale was feeling the pressure.  Apparently it's no longer there, which is not any great loss to the Oakdale shopper.  The thing only had about 4 screens.  Literally, 4 screens.  And it was crappy.   But I digress.  I'm giving the Oakdale Mall 3 stars simply because I haven't the heart to give it 2 and my memory does not recall it as a 4 star establishment.   I always felt this mall was a little sad, as though it were trying a bit too hard.   I don't miss it, yet if I ever find myself in Bingo-land, I'd stop in just for a jaunt down memory lane.
This is called a MALL? LOL I think they have one ONE bathroom in the mall. I will NEVER go here again becasue it is a BIG waste of time.
A decent mall in this run down town. Sales associates are sometimes friendly depending on which store you browse. I would only recommend you visit this mall if you have to buy something or if you have nothing else to do.
