Big fan Dumpling/biscuit right out of the oven was amazing, they were flakey, rich, buttery. Meat patties were flavorful too, lightly seasoned. The sweet of the assorted veggies (cabbage, beans, corn, carrot, pepper etc) mixed with the flavorful and rich meat broth made a happy mouth. Not generally a fan of rice n beans or mixing my food up but I am reevaluating my proclivity cause beans, rice, veg n stewed meat here are the perfect bite. I sampled the ox tail, curry goat, brown stew chicken and jerk chicken. All were very flavorful, I heard many comments that the goat was not very goaty tasting which appealed to everyone, good ratio of meat and sauce to slather on the rice and beans. The brown stew was flavorful, and the ox tail was rich. I favored the jerk chicken for a bit of spiciness. Left overs to my mom n dad, their comments were "this was done right" and speculated that large white beans were used in the ox tails to thicken it up. Tried both their hibiscus based drink and their mango based drink. I favored the thickness and sweetness of the mango off setting the ginger. Bread pudding studded with moist raisins and coconut was exactly how a dreamy piece of bread pudding should be. I thought to myself "self, this bread pudding is naked...no whipped cream, no bourbon sauce, no chocolate drizzling, you haven't had naked bread pudding in forever" and it was a good reminder that food so good doesn't need to be dressed up. I really enjoyed that although the food is flavorful and rich it wasn't heavy. I felt stuffed but not like I had ingested an overly fatty, fried and oily plate.
The Good: Mom's delicious home cooking, Jamaican style. The Bad: It feels more like a lunch spot. The decor is fairly bare bones and you won't find cloth napkins here. Times I've Gone: Once I Ordered: Curry Goat
A place that feels like home. The staff is so warm and friendly along with the absolute sweetest owners. You are welcomed as family and fed like them as well. I've had a variety of items on the menu in my past visits. They did offer family-style portions when I came with a group, which is much more manageable if you want to sample a few different bites. I really loved their biscuits, which were fresh out the the oven. Buttery and crispy with the fluffiest interior. I'd say my favorite is the curried goat! I type that with an exclamation mark because I was surprised it ended up being my favorite on the menu. The curry balanced the normally gamey meat. Their stewed brown chicken is another tasty choice -- rich spices coat the skin and the meat is tender. Many love the oxtail, but for me it was too gristly. That's personal preference though -- the flavor was stellar, stewed for hours, just not my top choice of all the options available. The meal comes with rice and beans, and steamed veggies. Normally I'm not a fan of veggies as they often end up flavorless and limp, but the side dish at Peppa Pot is well-seasoned (mostly just salted appropriately) and the cabbage maintains a slight crunch. The plantains are a welcome sweet bite to add to the mostly savory amalgamation of food. And you have to try the sorrel! I really enjoyed the mango one -- the hint of ginger gave it a unique, spicy kick. Overall, if you want a home-style Jamaican meal, you must visit Peppa Pot. The meats are tender, and falls off the bone, and you'll leave stuffed with leftovers, no doubt! It's tucked away off Gregory near Marie Daily Park. A great walk if you're a South Wedge resident. Go now and bring your friends to share and fill your bellies!
Here are my favorite things about Peppa Pot: The jerk chicken: so flavorful and with a mild spice that really builds Dumplins: fluffy, delicious and I wanted to stuff them in my purse Meat patty: this was wrapped in a dough similar to cheezits, nothing more to say, it was awesome. Sorrel/ginger juice: so flavorful and bright. My better judgement got the best of me and I didn't take home enough to stock my fridge with, which I'm regretting now. The people: Super nice and welcoming. I just wish Peppa Pot was on my usual routes so I could drop in more often!
I don't go to Peppa Pot often enough. I don't know if it's because of the location, or because I forget it's there, or because I am not a very smart person, but this need to change. Every time I've been to Peppa Pot I've had a great Jamaican meal, great stews, delicious sides and friendly service! I've had almost all of their dishes by now, the few times I've been there, and I have yet to find fault on their food. I used to be bothered by the sauce they put on the jerk chicken, but last time I had it, it was perfect. The sweet, dark sauce really balanced the spicy tender chicken. I even like their cabbage side, because its mild flavor balances the strong bold tastes of their food. Then to top it all off, they are making their own juices! I had the sorrell and ginger, and their mango and ginger. Delicious on their own, and I bet even better with some dark rum added.
Yum! Yum! Yum! I am so glad I had the opportunity to stop in at Peppa Pot!  What a great experience.  From the food to the people, it was great! We went with a family style meal and had a choice of meats.  My favorite was the stewed brown chicken.  I tried the curry goat, the oxtail, and the jerk chicken, but honestly the stewed chicken just hit the spot.  The meat fell off the bones, and the flavor was delicious.  It was a perfect combination for the rice and beans, and the veggie sides that each of us got. The owner was a sweetheart, and everyone working there was so NICE.  They are proud of the food they serve and for good reason - it's excellent! Prices are reasonable too!  Even better since I'm trying to save money and still enjoy eating out. OH!!  And make sure you try their Peppa Pot Flava drinks.  The sorrel is AMAZING.  The ginger is  strong and wonderful.  I so enjoyed it I had to take one for the road!!!
Went there for Lunch and ordered the Calaloo meal (it's Vegan, wanted something light because I had to go back to work). Sorrel/Ginger beverage & bread pudding. I AM IN HEAVEN!!! My meal was Fabulous! I also met the Owner Marlene, very friendly and down to earth. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu. So glad I found this restaurant because it is close to where I live.
I really like the Peppa Pot. The portions are usually generous and the location though off the main strip on South Avenue is still pretty convenient. I've had the oxtails, curry chicken and goat, and jerk chicken. The meals come with rice and peas (red beans), cabbage, and a biscuit that is quite nice. The portions are big so the smaller of the two meal sizes is enough to feed one person. I'd definitely recommend this place and bring friends here often.
Some of the best West Indian food we've had in Rochester. Curry goat was absolutely perfect. Soft and tender.  Ox tail was boss! Definitely a west hand went into making that dish. Fall of the bone and perfectly flavoured as a stewed meat should be. Rice and beans had great flavour. Jerk Chicken was tasty and spicy. Huge portions and well worth the investment. As a transplant from the Caribbean we'll definitely be back.
Great service. Friendly. Tried the mango ginger drink. First time trying ginger. Didn't love it But its probably my personal preference. food was great. Clean. Moderate price. Great location. Tried the oxtail and goat. Good for both and good portions
Spicy Jerk Chicken, the best in town. The 2 ladies that work there are amazingly friendly, nice people with big hearts. Massive portions, succulent slow cooked authentic jerk chicken. I also got a Beef Patty, which was delectable. The spice is great, and chicken falls right off the bone. The beef in the patty is very nicely minced, very smooth taste with every mouthful. I'm glad I made this my first Jamaican cuisine experience.
Not much to look at, but great traditional Jamaican home-cooking. I was introduced to this place by Naz, probably close to a year ago now, and have been back a few times since then for takeout. There's nothing fancy here, just flavorful food and tender meats that likely won't disappoint you if you're a fan of a little bit of spice. My faves here are the chicken curry and brown stew. Both have meats that are very tender and falling off the bone, complemented by generous portions of rice and steamed veggies. I have yet to try the stewed goat, but that's next on my list. I think the chicken curry is probably the most mild of the dishes, but not any less flavorful. If you're looking to try something here to get your feet wet, this is the dish I'd recommend. Most of the plates are around $10 for a large portion of food. Don't miss out on Peppa Pot. Unassuming in appearance but not in taste!
Goat curry: spicy, tender, falls off the bones. Coconut bread pudding for dessert and fresh mango ginger juice to wash it down. I'm stuffed.
The food is fantastic - we had curried chicken, spicy jerk chicken, and oxtail. All of the meals were outstanding and delicious. Highly recommended! You really have to try it.
Great neighborhood place! Casual atmosphere is reminiscent of Jamaica Rich and flavorful slow cooked food is the real deal. I had the curried goat. It was tender and spicy with the perfect balance of spices and was authentically Jamaican. My daughter had the Brown Stew, tender chicken falling off the bone. Both dishes were perfect. I highly recommend this place.
There are several Jamaican restaurants in Rochester, and this is the first one that Ive been to. Peppa Pot is located in a neighborhood in the south wedge, that is fairly easy to find. My friend and I had the brown stewed chicken which came with rice and peas (which were a little dry) a biscuit, plantains and steamed veggies. The food was good and the service was pretty good. There are staples they serve throughout the week, and not on the weekends. I was looking forward to some beef patties but, apparently they don't serve them on the weekends. I really wanted a beef patty. Besides that, this place was pretty good. Suggestion: sell patties every day!
best west indian food in rochester
I had a beef with Peppa Pot ever since this summer when the girl at the booth they had at the south wedge street festival, told me some bullsht about how their beef patties werent spicy. I believed her and bought one, (my first encounter with Peppa Pot food), took one bite and flames shot of out my mouth. She knew it was spicy, she just wanted to make a sale. Foul behavior I tell you. Months later I guess I got over my grudge and decided to try take out from here. It was some of the best Jamaican food Ive had in Roc. The brown stew chicken I got was fall off the bone tender, I'm sure it had been slow cooking for several hours in a brew of spices and herbal concoctions. The highlight of my takeout dish was this fried dough fritter thing. I'm not sure what it was, reminded me of a large hush puppy, but it was awesome and complimented the chicken very nicely. The rice and peas were ok, a little dry but not horrible. Same goes for the steamed cabbage mixture and the fried plantains, the typical items included with most Jamaican dishes. The place itself is easy to find, there are tables there and it seems like it would be a fine place to sit down and eat. I'm much more of a take out and go kinda guy and will definitely be returning here.
Great place with the best Jamaican meal I ever had.   If you want authentic, delicious and a friendly chef who gives that extra effort to make you comfortable this is the place.   My nephew had a school project to learn as much about Jamaican food, and we all benefitted from a lovely Sunday late lunch which was worth the drive into the city.   If you are in Rochester, head down to Peppa Pot, you won't regret it.
Peppa Pot is really, really good. They have a weekend menu that they don't post online so sometimes it's a good idea to go in and order as something might pique your interest. I ordered the curried goat and the girlfriend got the jerk chicken. Both are staples of this cuisine and both were perfect. I really never care about portion size, but I was glad these were huge because the food was so good. Nice little selection of "island" soft drinks in the cooler as well. The mango-carrot was awesome.
You can never go wrong, when eating here!! Yum!!!
