On a recent business trip, I stopped into this beautiful space with outstanding tapas and drinks. The cocktails seem to be more the star here than the wine (unusual for a tapas bar). The happy hour specials were generous. For dinner, I chose the scrumptious Italian Fusion duo which consisted of one ground beef, chorizo and fontina meatball in marinara sauce, and another large fried Arborio arancini (think hash brown hush puppy) stuffed with spinach and feta. Both were off the charts amazeballs. I followed this course with the calamari salad that blends flash pan fried calamari (arguably one of my favorite things) with fresh greens. Together, these were more than enough and allowed me a portion for take home. So many great options on this menu, and that is not even counting the entrees. If you are looking for a romantic spot with excellent food, this is it.
Easily my favorite hangout in the city by far. The food is lovely and the menu changes regularly, so there's always something new to look forward to. You have to try the pho on Mondays and Tuesdays! The owner, Demetrio, is wonderful. If you come here more than a couple times, he will  remember you, probably even by name. The bartenders and waitstaff are attentive and lovely. Truly amazing service. But the best part is the atmosphere -- it's dark, romantic, fun, and fabulous. There's nothing like it in Rochester, and that's a fact. They have free salsa lessons on Thursdays, happy hours with free food some days, and truly excellent martinis. Stop by once and I can guarantee it won't be your last time.
Oh, Tapas. I am such a fan of yours. After an initially disappointing visit a few years ago, I've always been "meh" about returning. Well, I must have visited on a very off night, because I've had delicious meals here they last few times I've gone, hence it was time to review. My friend and I came here last night for a very needed post work happy hour, so we decided to meet up at Tapas. We walked in a little after 6pm, and headed downstairs as they still had their HH specials going on down there. Despite the cool and breezy weather, we decided to sit out on the patio and listen to the jazz trio that was there playing (they were amazing!!). I'm not sure how I missed that they had an outdoor patio because it is adorable. The iron tables, the murals on the walls, I seriously felt like I was in another country altogether. 5 stars for patio ambience! We started out with a pair of drinks - he had the cucumber vodka gimlet (you could take a bath in that thing -- uber refreshing), and I had a twist on a Manhattan with lavender black tea syrup and orange peel. It was delicious, but very strong. It did that lovely warming thing that bourbon does - perfect on an evening it was a bit chilly. I switched it up the next round and had the  ginger mojito, but asked that it made with vodka, not rum. Wow - the drink actually had fresh ginger shavings in the glass along with the mint. It was to die for. I'm pretty sure I'll have dreams about that drink. They have a very extensive cocktail menu, and I was impressed with my selections; glad I skipped the margarita -- the couple next to us got them and when I inquired, I was told they were just so-so. We did order two appetizers, tapas -- the tuna tartare and the sher ping pancakes. The tuna was exceptional as always - stacked diced tuna loaded up between wonton crisps with an avocado cream on the plate. I only with it either came with additional wontons as it can be a little awkward to break it apart and eat without making a mess. The pancakes are stuffed with Korean sausage, and the spicy-sweet sauce with it so yummy. I've also had the shrimp naan pizza, and that is a unique flavor combination that really works. The pesto is intensely flavored and so fresh tasting. Our server was excellent, attentive but not pushy at all as we decided if we were going to eat. One thing though - skip the complimentary bread - it's focaccia, but it's not very good, almost a little stale tasting. The decor here is dark but chic, the perfect date place or a place to come and relax with friends. I've never had an actual entree here, for me, I think you get a better (and more affordable!) experience by getting a bunch of tapas to split. That's the point, right?? All in all, a Rochester and neighborhood staple, and for good reason!
There are great things and bad things about Tapas 177: The great: the upstairs bar and bartenders are very classy, well stocked, and well decorated. Many of the restaurant favorites were the asian-themed options although the lamb and desert also impressed. Both the rum cake and the fried banana cheesecake were fantastic. The restaurant has kind of a "restored" chic decor (it's in a basement) with very nice art. There is outdoor seating in back and valet service. The bad: the location is not great, the whole block is full of abandoned/empty retail space. The restaurant is in the basement and it kind of smelled like it until a drink or two in. Thursdays is free salsa dancing so be prepared for loud salsa music and shouting during your meal at the downstairs bar. The prices seemed just a little too high for some items.
Great place!!!  Service was fantastic and very friendly. It has a very chic lounge atmosphere that I didn't expect in downtown Rochester. I wish I would have discovered this place sooner while we were in town. The food is extremely fresh and all of our dishes were amazing. The portions are the perfect size for a Tapas menu and prices were more than reasonable. Great seating options as well.... Indoors, bar, and outside seating.
I miss this place!!  I moved to Albany, and felt compelled to go out of my way to write a brief  review for Tapas 177.  I have been here plenty of times and they never disappoint.  The tuna tartar is one of the best small plates I have had and their chicken paillard is also a personal favorite.  Don't sleep on the martinis, it is what they specialize in and it is certainly worth it to splurge. The seating downstairs is very spacious, which lends itself perfect for conversation with a date.  I went back here for the first time in nearly 2 years just a couple weeks ago and it is still fantastic.
We went there on a friend's birthday. I ordered a mixed game tapas that had venison, quail, wild boar and lamb. I had never had venison or wild boar before and therefore, fairly skeptical of being too adventurous. Nonetheless I decided to give it a shot given the reputation of the place and it turned out to be an amazing culinary experience. All the meat was marinated, cooked and seasoned to perfection. The martini was great and the ambience very classy. I would really like to go back just to see if they live up to the standards they set that night or if it was a one off. Granted this place is expensive but these days you don't, always, get a decent dining experience even if you're willing to dish out the bucks. I have been to most of the fine dining places in town but haven't had an experience quite as fulfilling as Tapas 177. Highly recommended.
if anything is worth going to in rochester, it's this restaurant. food was great, staff were very lively and friendly. the saturday night salsa music made st paul street a bit less scary. if i'm ever driving through rochester again, i'll only stop here.
Absolutely fantastic experience. John the bartender is attentive and a true mixologist. The food is not only well presented, but delicious. The prosciutto wrapped artichoke hearts were off the hook. I can't tell you how pleased I was
Well damn, theres a reason why a lot of Elite members rated this place very well. We walked here from the Hyatt which was about 5-6 blocks down.  Took us about 8 minutes, walked in finding out we get id checked right at the door.. (oh to feel young again).  We walked downstairs to the eat-in part of the restaurant.  The whole first floor is just a bar which we weren't informed of and had to explore our way down to the dungeon. At first i wasn't too impressed because we had to explore to find out where to eat and when we got down we werent immediately greeted, but those are minor things that didnt really phase us. The scenery was pretty cool, it was dark but chic.  The lights were dim almost as if it was completely lit by candles but not too dark that it was annoying.  I dont know if im making the best picture in your minds but it was very cool down here. we were sat in a comfy seat which kind of reminded me of Buddakhan in NYC. I had another local craft beer which i found was delicious only if i remembered the name then i proceeded to order the rack of lamb and my girlfriend ordered the mussels.  AND HOLY WOW were these dishes amazing.  It was the perfect size, not to small that i was still hungry and not too large that my tongue and stomach would be overly full with food.   When it came to dessert we ordered the flan and i ordered the xango?? It came with icecream and whip cream and some fried dish and together it was an orgasm in my mouth.   Our servers name was Hanna i believe, shes the nice lady with blonde dreads.  She was super nice and helpful with our dinner choices.  I believe i tipped her atleast 20% because of how awesome she was. When i am back in town i will most definitely come back here and order the other dishes that i wanted to try.
Came here with a party of 6 for dinner on a weeknight. The main dining area is downstairs, and quite spacious. In addition to our table there was a party of 20 next to us and several groups of 2 and 4 scattered around. We ordered a bunch of different plates- maybe 8? Calamari, several variations of dumplings, crab cakes, mussels, a mushroom cream cheese thing... but none really stood out for me. I was excited for the mussels but was disappointed in the fries- they are oddly placed in the same pot. If you like soggy spuds covered in Parmesan, this is right up your alley. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. I'm not totally closed off to returning, but it would only be to experience their bar scene during HH.
First great thing is they serve delicious food until 2a. Ordered a handful of appetizers but I loved the wontons. The live music and atmosphere just makes you want to stay until closing...so we did :)
Visiting Rochester (RIT), we dropped in on a Saturday night and found the place booked. With open seats at the bar and the encouragement of the hostess, we opted to stay and enjoyed the atmosphere and the mix of Brazilian jazz playing through the speakers. The vegetarian spring rolls and scallops (two separate dishes) were flavorful and the scallops were cooked perfectly. A couple bartenders were working the bar, so the service was friendly and attentive and we never felt neglected. We'd definitely return to try more of the interesting items on the menu and get the opportunity to eat in the dining area.
Great music and a great place to blaze behind the resturant. Oh and kitchen serving good food till 2 earns this place a
Perfect place for a little sexy time with your lover or to grab drinks and tapas with friends. I chose the latter on my last visit, enjoying a table of small plates and some vino. The highlights... tapas-style: - Chicken empanadas - curry flavor was a nice add, but a little Americanized and I wish they were stuffed with more filling to make them a bit more hearty and worth sharing as you only get three per plate for ~$10. The caramelized onions and balsamic are a great savory addition to each bite. - The Artichoke hearts wrapped in prosciutto were my favorite! Creamy and salty on top of a crostini. Mmm! (~$9 w/ 3 to share) - Shrimp naan pizza: yum! The cilantro pesto was a pleasant surprise. The shrimp was not fresh (probably frozen) so that was a downer, but the pizza overall was tasty and cheesy. Let's be real: Anything on naan bread is good. - Piselli: peas cooked with crispy prosciutto and paired with naan bread. This was kinda difficult to eat - wish it was served with a big spoon. Regardless, it was a fresh dish. The peas and the prosciutto were a great pairing. I would have loved a bit more crispy proscuitto because it tasted delish as well as more naan. The serving style with a big bowl and one piece of naan bread made it hard to share. - The crab cakes: bleh. I didn't love them. I actually only ate 2 bites and had to stop. They tasted too seafood-y, the crust was mushy and tasted like bad oil. I just wasn't into the flavor combo and the aioli had no seasoning. I wouldn't recommend them as you get two goofball-sized cakes for $12. Stick to the above mentioned tasty tapas. While we were there (Tuesday night) service was a little haphazard. Granted, we were the only table inside as the patio was hopping, but still. It took a bit for our waiter to take our drink order. He seemed a little overwhelmed so I didn't count it against him. Although, there was a lot of time where we were waiting around for him to stop over to us as some of our guests arrived at different times and contemplated grabbing drinks up at the bar as a quicker option. Overall, I'm a fan and I'll be back sticking with what I know is delish. Next time I want to grab a spot outside since I haven't hung out on the patio yet. I hear happy hour is jammin'!
I love love love this place! I have come here with friends for a drinks, apps, and chit chat and this place is perfect. I have come on off nights though with no live music which I think lends to a better atmosphere for talking - just a heads up to check the entertainment before you go. I went last night, and their naan pizza is what inspired me to write the review. The bartender recommended, and he steered us right! Fantastic! I know they rotate the menu, so I hope to see this item being reused in the future. I also had the prosciutto wrapped artichoke hearts and the mushroom won tons which were also a hit. Very good service each time I have gone. Drinks were always being refilled and anytime we needed something someone was there to help us. Good job Tapas! I think this is a trendy place for a happy hour or a place to hang with friends late night for a drink and small food. I have not tried the entrees yet...I enjoy this place for more of small dishes to share and drinks rather than dinner.
While in Rochester for a wedding my family and I ventured to Tapas 177 for dinner one evening.  We enjoyed an incredible meal together with a culturally diverse ambiance.   For the purist, Tapas 177 is not your typical tapas bar.  I would liken it more to a small plate restaurant.  The portions are quite a bit larger than typical tapas, and where we would expect to order several tapas per person and share among us, we only ordered one each and that was perfectly sufficient for the three of us. We sat down stairs near the patio area where they had a band playing, but sitting back inside the restaurant area away from the band we were easily able to enjoy conversation with one another without the band overwhelming us.  The atmosphere inside was probably a bit darker than I would normally want, but would make an exceptional romantic destination for dinner. My wife enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine from their pretty well supplied wine selection and I enjoyed a mojito.  It was phenomenal, and were it not for self control I am sure that I would have enjoyed quite a few of them. Bottom line, Tapas 177 is an incredible place for friends and lovers to gather in a picturesque riverside setting for great food and drinks.
Just moved to Rochester and for our first night here we decided to come to Tapas 177 based on a recommendation from a cashier at Trader Joes. When you first enter it's a bar with little seating area. After some confusion the hostess led us to the downstairs dining area that was actually really cute. The food was decent.. We ordered the empanadas, crab cake, shrimp naan pizza and mojito. Only complaint is the shrimp naan pizza barely had any shrimp on it. I feel like a lot of the ingredients did not add anything to the pizza, like the white truffle oil. Otherwise cute date night place.
Tapas has been around for a long time! When it first opened, it quickly became our go to spot to hang out with other Hispanic Professionals, and have a few cocktails and an all around good time. Now that my friends live more settled lives, we don't visit as often, but when we do, we have a great time! Good drinks, knowledgeable bar tenders and great appetizers! A few times in summer, I like to go and sit on the back patio, drink their sangria with some friends (their sangria is really good), and have some appetizers. My favorite is the mussels with Chorizo and frites, it is to die for! Probably the best mussel dish I've had in Rochester. Ask for extra bread to soak up that wonderful spicy broth. I must say that their main dishes can be hit and miss, but honestly we usually make a meal with a few appetizers, and talk, and drink, and maybe dance...
What a happy hour gem! On Fridays (as others have stated) from 4:30-7pm, there are free apps (buffalo wings,chips and salsa, veggies and dip when I went), $5 sangria and chardonnay and a $6 cosmo martini. The ambiance is fantastic- really sultry. The service was fantastic. I also thought my sangria was DELICIOUS. Thank you, Tapas, for not putting ice in it. I will be back!!
Everything from the Ginger Mojito to the Sangria was exactly what you have in mind when you order drinks at Tapas. The food was just as appetizing and the variety of foods and distinct flavors impressed me very much! I heard they teach salsa lessons there on Thursday night's, can't wait to go back and try it out. Keep up the great work TAPAS!!
A bunch of friends and I organized a night together to go out and try this place because girls like to pick at each other's food, right? So here is the scoop: Parking by St. Paul: They have valet available. I parked on the Andrews St. Bridge and walked because parking is free after 6. A couple of my sistafrans scored a spot right out front. We went on a tuesday so that was perfect because the place wasn't slammed. Bar: It is a pretty good sized bar with lots to offer. They don't update their wine lists promptooo so sometimes you might order something and they won't have it. The mojitos look amazing, I want to try one next time. They took our reservation and were VERY accommodating to our large party. Parties over 6 people have a 20% gratuity added to the bill (normal). I ordered the Chicken Tisi Masala- Very Indian dish, worth your buck. It was delicious and fun to share. It came with veggies, chicken and rice. The Curried Chicken Empanadas are very small. I feel like they could have used more flavor and the amount you get for the price ($10)  wasn't worth it. The Shrimp Naan Pizza and the Steamed Mussels with Fries are both good choices and good sharing portions. The Piselli as Bre stated, was lacking of the prosciutto and naan. It was basically just a big bowl of seasoned peas. Nothing special. I didn't really look at the menu too much before coming here but I had the impression it was going to be more of an authentic Spanish/Mediterranean place. If I want Indian cuisine I can just go somewhere in Henrietta. The menu is very hit or miss. If you want to actually try a lot of things you have to go with a large party because it is expensive to order a lot of things and share, and you don't have a clear idea of what the portion sizes will be unless you ask your server. I haven't tried the dancing and happy hour that Tapas has to offer. I would try that but maybe just for the drinks.
Awesome food and drinks! Especially the Mojito's with fresh fruit puree!
Went for happy hour on a Friday night.  Live jazz music, free appetizers, and the drinks were good.  Not much to complain about.  There are two bars you can choose from and the one upstairs seems like it's more for those looking to just drink and socialize, whereas the downstairs bar offers a calmer and quieter atmosphere more suited for dining.  Pick your poison.
Sometimes, before writing a review, I know I am going to sound like a cheap bastard. I promise I have no problem paying for good quality food that tastes good but if it is expensive and tastes bad/bland.....well, then, I write a review like this. In all fairness, I have been here a few times for drinks/dancing and give it 4 stars for music and ambiance. Recently, I was here for dinner. My friends and I decided to split some tapas. I wasn't expecting a fusion type menu and it was (well, seemed like) a bonus in my book. The prices seemed steep for tapas but I figured it would be worth it. We ordered the chicken empanadas, crab cakes, portobello wontons, some kind of chicken spring rolls and gorgonzola wrapped dates. We had to get 2 of some of those because of the # of people vs # of pieces in a dish. The balsamic reduction on empanadas was the best tasting thing in my opinion. The empanadas tasted good but at $10 for 3 2-bite-size pieces, I couldn't shake the "I could make 20 pieces for the same price at home and it would taste better" feeling. The crab cakes were average - uninspiring. The chicken spring rolls were really bland. My Asian grandmother is turning in her grave, Tapas 177. I know this is fusion but surely a little spice/salt wouldn't have been out of place. $10 for 3-4 of these skinny, tasteless things hurt me (and my Asian cred). Everyone else was collectively raving over the portobello wontons (the cream cheese entirely overpowered the mushroom but it was the best 'deal' price-wise) and the gorgonzola wrapped dates (I didn't have any but $10 for 3 dates?! Are you kidding me? I could make these in my sleep). So far, this sounds like a 2 star review but the saving grace was dessert. It was some sort of fried banana + cheesecake deliciousness. I don't even remember(or care) how much it cost because it was worth every cent. That combined with the great and prompt service made this a 3 star experience. However, I paid something around $30 for just food and left hungry + annoyed. I will be back for dancing and drinks - after having dinner elsewhere.
To date I have held 2 amazing parties and 1 client dinner with the crew from Tapas 177.  We held 2 corporate events in the space across the street - Studio 180 and a large group dinner downstairs.  The great event space, coupled with the amazing food and drink from Tapas 177 made my event memorable for clients.  Demetrio and his crew handled everything with ease. I literally planned everything via phone and email without a care in the world.  His staff gave us their smiling faces and the food smiled as well.  I would recommend checking out the Studio 180 space for a downtown, hip cocktail party that is walking distance to the convention center and host hotels.  I would call Demetrio and let him take care of you.  Thanks guys.
Sorry people, Tapas 177 just didn't do it for me. I suppose it was nice of the owners to name the restaurant after the address but that was one of the few saving graces of this overhyped hole in the wall. Came here on a first date; wasnt my suggestion but I figured I'll play along to give the impression that I'm a compromising person. Thank you Tapas for charging 5 bucks for valet parking. Since my date and I rode there together it helped set the precedent of who was going to be the one to pull out his wallet first. Btw it wasnt me ;-) In any event, the joint is smaller than I expected. Bar on the 1st floor and restaurant down below. Yes it was dark, but not as loud and frenetic as I had anticipated. The lovely hostess sat us at a wobbly table pretty much in the center of the room to add to the awkwardness of this first date. This way we could play seesaw with our elbows on the uneven wobbly table all evening long. sexy huh? Service was decent. The waitress was nice enough, but the food was just unimpressive if not a little bizarre. We decided to choose 5 tapas between the two of us. For starters they handed us some chewy focaccia triangles of questionable shelf life in a basket with no dipping oil. Among the tapas we chose was this chicken paillard that so many yelpies have given honorable mention to. Uh..ok? I mean, it was ok, but not worth the 11 or 12 bucks it cost. For a paper thin cold sliver of grilled chicken topped with some mix of greens? We also got the chicken dumplings, veggie gordita, artichoke hearts, and some sampler with baba ganoush, olives and some other mystery goo to dip pita bread in. It was all very edible, but nothing was tasty. I can't say it was bland, cuz there were definitely strong flavors in the mix, but it just tasted weird. Hot and spicy when you didnt expect it, cold when you expected some warmth. And at the end of it all, our bill came out to about $75 incl drinks. I left feeling somewhat full, but unsatisfied and with the taste of an unidentified acrid spice in my mouth Of course in the spirit of this being a first date, I pretended to like everything. But on the real..this place kinda bites.
The ambiance in here is sexy - Latin music, sheer curtains that separate tables, candles, the color red. And a super nice/accommodating hostess to top it off. Our desserts and pitcher of Sangria were completely satisfying and I can't believe it took me this long to discover this place.
Great drinks and I love the food.  Have to disagree with Lilly, but it sounds like she keeps going back. I've been a number of times over the last two years, and the menu is a bit different each time. I would say it evolves more than most places, but there are only a limited number of choices on there.  It's not a diner after all. I remember really liking the ostrich and the shrimp alexander in particular, as well as the pork chops, but now it looks like they have a "watermelon injected" pork tenderloin instead, which sounds pretty interesting.  It isn't pricey, but I've found it to be consistently very good with a hip, laid back atmosphere upstairs, and a nice, romantic feel downstairs. And, um, deborah just because a restaurant has "Tapas" in the name doesn't mean it is a Spanish restaurant.
Please see Beth J's review as well-- it's pretty accurate to my experience as well. And yeah, the caprese salad was definitely made well in advance and refrigerated. The mozzarella actually was STICKING to the tomatoes. One of the women I was dining with opted for the chicken with angel hair pasta. Normally I would jokingly pick on someone for picking something so plain at a restaurant like this, but there seemed to be one ingredient in almost every meal that sounded misplaced so I don't blame her. I asked how it was and she complained it was too lemony. "I love lemon! Let me try it!" It tasted like lemon cleaning product. I got the shrimp Alexander, mistake. The "pilaf" in the middle was obviously something prepared a couple days ago and had been sitting in a bowl only to be flopped down on the plate prior to serving. The meal was supposed to be served with sauteed spinach and it came with FROZEN spinach. The shrimp was over cooked and wrapped awkwardly in thick-cut bacon which was just too overpowering for a small piece of seafood. Price of this entree? $24.95. I felt pretty insulted that the kitchen would try to pull over so much pre-made mediocre food on us for the prices they demand. I would have happily returned the food but I was with a friend who's birthday it was-- I didn't want to be "that guest" that made a scene with management. I had no issues with the wait staff or ambiance-- both were nice. The odd part is that I have always heard amazing things about the food at Tapas. Tapas has always been a popular place around here. I don't know if they have just gotten sloppy or if it has always been like this. Anyway there is so much better food in Rochester, especially for the price.
I've been coming to this place since I turned 21 and have never stopped coming. It is the original tapas style place in Rochester. The food is good and the ambiance is great. My food faves include the PEI mussels and the steamed dumplings. The menu is international fusion taking eastern, French and Latin American cuisines and combining, bouncing and flipping. Though I don't love everything on the menu and portions are not big (but what upscale restaurant has big portions?), the things they do well, they do really well. Their Banana Xango is the best dessert in town! Every Saturday they have live Salsa music! This is the only venue that has had live Latin music every weekend continuously for the last decade and a half. Tapas is my Cheers.
I used to frequent this bar a lot when I lived in Rochester, NY.  I still visit this place when I go back to see frineds and family.  This place is great.  Great food and great drinks along with awsome latin music, including live music downstairs. A must go to bar in Rochester.  I highly recommend checking out thier specialty martini meu.  The martinis are large, strong and delicious! If you do't like this place you just don't have any taste. *Note: I have not been here in about 2 years.  Guess I need to make a trip soon.
We really enjoy this place even though we have only been twice we will definitely go again. Both times the food has been outstanding, a little different than your ordinary eatery. The atmosphere is great even with seating close to others its not noticeable with the great food and ambiance. The last time we attended they had a two person string band playing in the lower bar. The duck breast Rueben and quail salad are my favorite and would eat every single time!!
Great food, Good music, Beautiful people, Cool drinks theres always a good reason to come to Rochester now that I know about Tapas. Live entertainment is also a + and two floors let's you change environments throughout the night. Great date spot
This Buffalo-lovin' gal is speechless ... because I just ate at a restaurant that put many of my favorite spots in B-lo to shame ... While the food was on par with most casual-upscale, trendy places, what sets Tapas 177 apart is the atmosphere and the service.  If you have the opportunity, ask for a spot on the back patio.  I loved sitting out there under the string lights with candles, while looking up at the sky between two buildings.  I loved the city feel. The service was some of the best I have ever experienced (and I am very picky given my 7+ years of waitressing experience).  Our server's name was Jennifer.  She was pleasant, prompt, not overbearing but attentive.  Conscious of our time limitations but not at all pushy.  She had a sixth sense for when we needed something.  Also, the "bus boy" (for lack of a better term) was always there to clean our table and remove plates after each course.  He was likewise friendly and attentive while professionally trying to remain obscure. As for the food: we had quite a few appetizers, all were excellent (the steamed dumplings were the only ones that I might dock a star for but they were still decent).  For dessert, try the banana's foster ... wow ... 5 appetizers, 1 dessert and 1 bottle of wine = approx $90.  Not bad at all for this charming urban destination.
Tapas 177 has great ambiance: it's as if you're entering an underground wine cellar in Spain or New York City. This is a great place to take a date, to woo your "luva", or just have a relaxing night with a group of friends. Downstairs in the dining area, rugged, grey, granite walls with deep grey  plush, high-backed sofa seating line one side - the other side is covered in brick-red paint with a similar rugged feel.  There is a small table enclosed in red curtains for an intimate, private dinner for two on the "red side of the room".  Interspersed are small tables for 2-4 people dimly lit with worn candles - complete with white candle wax dripping down their holders.  The doors to the back room downstairs are held open by two large wine barrels where two rows of tables can be situated for larger parties.  Chill ambient music plays as you enjoy your dinner and conversation.   I enjoyed the strawberry halibut and a glass of red wine for dinner.  Their wine list is pretty extensive with wines from Spain, New Zealand, France, Chile, and Italy.  They were missing some items from their menu due to a busy night, but my dinner was quite good.   I would recommend this place for anyone in or visiting Rochester.  Sensuous and chill.
Solid 4 stars from me and my wife. We went on a Saturday around 7 pm and it was very busy. I'd recommend a reservation if you want a table on the weekend. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait unless we could get a seat at the bar but getting a seat was very competitive. One player who got there later than us, but in the same situation, had his arm on a seat while another person was still sitting in it because it looked like he was going to pay the check. We hover well, but that just seemed rude. In our time we perused the yelp reviews and got scared. We had seen the menu and thought our pockets would be about $70 lighter by the time we left, but then there were so many complaints about portions and bland chicken that we considered leaving. But neither of us had eaten lunch and we invested a good amount of time already.   The Good: - they may have been reading the reviews, because the portion sizes were great. We ordered two tapas sized dishes each and it was too much. Due to a beneficial mistake by the bartender, we got a dinner sized portion of scallops. He did not charge us for it, and it was one of the best dishes we had. Nonetheless, we had the tapas portion of the chicken and took almost the whole thing home. - The "banana-thing" dessert is bomb. It's like a warm, fried, banana cannoli served a la mode. That's  the most enticing way I can describe it. Save room. - The tuna tartare was a large portion and was spicy. The bad: - Street parking can be rough on busy nights and the valet was $5. Lame. - Entrees are pricey, but they make up for this in the wine list -- all glasses were $7 and bottles $25. (see next comment) - the wine list was not exciting. We were only given one drink list with a short, all one price wine list. Online there is a slightly expanded bottles only list. this helps, but is not extravagant.
If there is one unique place to go in the city of Rochester it's here. Oh my gosh, a fan of this place for at least 15 years. Always a fan although I haven't been here in years. They are still consistently serving up a great atmosphere with great food and service. It will probably date me but I missed the dripping candles on the walls. We ordered so much and every bite was delicious, the highlight for me was the mussels.
The environment was amazing if anything. It's dark and mysterious and a really good place to be with my boyfriend. :) The food, however, did not fare too well with me. Usually when I go to a restaurant,  I would at least find a dish I wanted to eat, but that was not the case here. So I ordered the Wasabi Pea Encrusted Tuna while my boyfriend sensed that I wouldn't like it so he ordered the Flattened Potato Gnocchi to trade with me just in case. He was right...the tuna was bland, but very pretty. We traded. The potato gnocchi was ok...but I didn't really like that either so I gave that back to my boyfriend after eating half of it. My boyfriend liked the tuna and potatoes so I can't really trash the place. The only reason why my boyfriend and I planned to go back was to try the ostrich because it's so different from what any other place serves. We had the alligator for an appetizer and that was pretty interesting in itself. It didn't have taste in the meat, but it had sauce so that was ok. It was a bit tough, but overall like chicken. I would only go back for the exotic foods. Things are a bit overpriced for normal foods.
I really expected better from this place.  As one of the only places in Rochester that even suggests it serves Tapas style foods, I would think they would have mastered it.  Their bar is located on the main floor, while the dining room is downstairs in the cellar (cool factor, but it's been done).  The area is dimly lit for intimacy purposes.. or maybe it's just the basement.  To my surprise the menu is not tapas style, but rather a regular 3 course menu.  We ended up ordering a bunch of appetizers to share amongst ourselves.  Same with the bottle of wine.   Everything was mostly good, but my 2 complaints were the SKYY vodka ice bucket used to chill the wine (i know its advertising, but don't advertise at my dinner table.. this isn't Cheesecake Factory).. and the paella, which was some semblance of watered-down Uncle Ben's rice bowls.   Drinks are good, though we didn't order anything too crazy (mojitos and caipirinhas, the latter served with real cachaca - anyone know of other places who serve it authentic?).   3 stars for good, but not great even though its the only game in town.
Rusty and I love Tapas 177. They have an interesting, unique and affordable menu of 'tapas' to dine on while you sip finely concocted drinks with friends (the bartenders here do not skip on the alcohol--but beware, when it gets close to closing time they JACK UP the prices). Their flavored margaritas are good, try the pomegranate. Also, we never went their without getting the calamari salad. The food is simple, yet excellent. The crowd here is quite mellow during the early hours, but once the band starts playing downstairs, things quickly liven up. It has the tendency to get packed on weekends, but if you want a nice relaxing evening out of the house on a Sunday, this place is perfect! I think that they sometimes have free salsa dancing lessons. They also have a DJ on some nights, and plenty of holiday events. Great place to take a date.
Tapas is really beautiful.  The decor is warm and romantic.  Some nights they offer salsa dancing lessons, other nights they just play music and make room for a small dance floor.  In the summers they throw open the French doors on the lower level to let the breeze in.  It's really lovely. Even better, the food is delicious.  I've never ordered anything I wasn't absolutely crazy about.  It's pretty expensive but definitely worth it if you're going aiming for a special night out.  Definitely try the tuna tartar and the crab cakes (yum!).  If you're not into seafood but you're still food curious, there are TONS of creative selections to choose from.  The drinks at the bar are great too. Now for the bad: Tapas 177 is near a club and music venues and all sorts of loud things, with loud people.  It is hard to find parking, especially on the weekends.  On more popular nights, the restaurant can get noisy, so carrying on conversations can get irritating if you're like me and prefer to not shout at your party through dinner. Overall, everyone should give Tapas a try.  I can almost promise you'll be head over heels for it and tell all your friends how they NEED to go!
Dark... this place could use more lighting, and the bathroom smelled a bit wierd. Almost as if the vanilla spray they had used was trying to mask a bad odor coming from the weekend night events..... Anyways, the food was decent. The prices were a bit on the shocking side though... actually make that very shocking. Ordered the Caprese and Calamari salads, both of which were good size portions. Then ordered the beef chorizo bracioli, rack of lamb, and chicken empanadas (spicy! fyi). The calamari salad was good-- except it was a bit heavy on the shredded cheese. The bracioli was a tad dry... All the foods were filling, even though the portions were small for the price. Supposedly the place has good Martinis too... didn't get to try those. This place barely received a 3 in my books... mainly because prices like that (in Rochester too!) should use some amazing ingredients and plain better tasting food.
Should have posted this a while ago but wife & I had great meal the prosciutto wrapped artichokes were to die for!!! Highly recommend waiting to eat those last on your Tapas go round. I liked the short rib burger slider when I tried it. Wife liked the crispy Panko shrimp. We were seated downstairs and yes it was a bit dark but way cool on the atmosphere. We will be back. Staff was great and it was kinda cool how you walked into the bar then downstairs to enjoy a great meal. Patio out back is cool too!
I actually wound up here, half because I wanted to try it, half because it was the only thing I could find open.  I wasn't really disappointed.  The food was good as per my tip below. Get Portabello wontons and tuna tartare, both were excellent. Prepare to have a tough time deciding what you want off the menu :)  The presentation on the dishes was unexpected, very nice. They have a list of specialty martinis that ehhhhh, almost falls flat.  some good choices but I think it could be better.  If this place would revamp the martini list and the menu just a bit, it would really pop.  And get some new menus or laminate them :)  The decor here is really cool, the mood is good and the staff was nice. If you like this place and happen to be in Denver, try "The Ninth Door" or "the L lounge" this place reminds me a bit of both which is a good thing  :)
Curried Chicken Empanadas - 6/10 - the empanadas were good, not great, the chutney it came with was amazing Sher Ping Pancakes - 5/10 - the filling was barely there, seemed like overpriced naan bread to me Chicken Paillard - 6/10 - the chicken was very well cooked and tasted great. Unfortunately, the chicken was maybe 1/5 of the dish with the remainder being a mediocre salad. Tuna Tartar Napoleon - 8/10 - the fish was very fresh and the flavors were great. It was served in layers between multiple wonton crackers which made it somewhat of a challenge to share. Fresh Vegetable & Avocado Spring Rolls - 4/10 - bland, and all around mediocre Portobello Cream Cheese Wontons - 6/10 - has some potential, but the filling is 90% cream cheese which is very overpowering Steamed Chicken Dumplings - 7/10 - dumplings were tasty and the dipping sauces were good Overall, the service was good but the food was somewhat inconsistent.
Love this place.  Tapas 177 is a such a great combination of comfortable and cool atmosphere along with a creative, outstanding menu.  Comfortable comes from the owners and staff who deliver top-notch service, cool comes from the vibe, decor and music.  The menu offers a ton of variety that has always pleased.  Try the Tuna Napoleon, steamed mussels, Shrimp Alexander or specials of the night.  Can't miss!
Would have sat at the bar but it was full, eating on my own tonight. I guess that's a good sign. Sat downstairs. Warm and dim atmosphere. Fun feel, interesting conversations and people around me. Got salad, chicken and lamb. My only dissapointment was the Salad: Balsamic vinaigrette dressing a little harsh - found myself choking on it as it was to acidy.   Chicken Paillard was really wonderful - the chicken was tasty and the combination of mixed greens, grilled eggplant, zucchini, red bell peppers, artichoke hearts, gorgonzola, basil oil & lemon parsley vinagrette piled on top had a new surprise with every bite! The Lamb was cooked to order - they slathered on a little too much tzatziki sauce (and quite frankly - it didn't tast that much lile the tzatziki sauce my granmother used to make) but it was a tasty piece of meat. This place would be a blast with a small group of friends - I could see sitting here all night eating and drinking and catching up.
Tried this place recently... we got there late, so the dinner crowd was already pretty light. Food was pretty good - we liked the tuna tapas.  My vegetarian friends love this place, as it gives them many options.  Note that the "small plates" concept tends to work better when you have a larger group. Service was pleasant, but not  particularly memorable.
The best place to have some good martinis and great food. The best happy hour on Fridays with the best tapas! on Thursdays you can enjoy a free salsa lesson downstairs. They also have outdoor seating. Romantic and friendly/ The food is one of my best!!! I think i have try almost everything in their menu. GREAT!!! Saturdays are Latin nights with live band at downstairs. No cover. unless is a major event.
Just do it. Cool atmosphere. Good drinks and fun to order new dishes that are unique to Tapas 177. Go with at least 4 people so you can try different plates.
Tapas atmosphere is great, however the food is not good. I've been there a bunch of times with many friends and we all think the same....the food is overpriced and not very good from things like their calamari to the chicken dishes . Get a new chef you guys!!! I must say, their drinks are great though!
This place is a good bar with good food.  While they were out of the most interesting dish, the ostrich, they made up for it with perfectly cooked lamb.  The portions are small, duh its tapas, and priced accordingly so as long as your not ravenous two cocktails and a small plate will run around $30 a person. Upstairs bar is clean and well stocked, Ian (I think that was the bartenders name) has the knowledge and guts to try something new when it comes to cocktails or he can always provide classics and standbys at a moments notice.  Expect quality drinks at a fair price. I went on a Tuesday so the crowd was small and personal, ended up having several good conversations and spent far longer than I thought I would just chatting with an eclectic group of locals.  If your a traveling bar fly this is a great place for a weekday meal and drink. From what i gathered things get very very active and lively on weekends if thats your thing than feel free to go, myself I enjoyed the good conversation and the busy but not crushing crowed.  That said, if I lived in the area trance and salsa music paired with a nice location and bar sounds like a very good time.
The food is great but when seated downstairs, the atmosphere is extremely dark. Luckily we were seated near the windows of the court yard, but further in several people were using their phones or flashlights just to read the menu.
The name is very misleading...the food is not served as tapas/small plates, nor is the menu Spanish in the least bit.  Ok, they do serve paella but that's about it.  Instead it's your regular appetizer + entree style, with an odd combination of Italian/Mediterranean and Asian fusion cuisine. The food that I ordered was mediocre to inedible.  I started with the Caprese salad, which certainly wasn't made fresh.  It tasted like it had been sitting in the refrigerator for a while and that someone just pulled plastic wrap off the top before they brought it to the table.  Then I had the mussels, and while the mussels themselves were large and fresh, the spices and flavors were such a weird combination that they made the mussels taste bad.  I didn't know that you could screw up mussels that badly.  The dish was inedible...even though I was starving, I could barely eat a third of it.   My dining companion fared a little better with her scallops and prosciutto-wrapped artichoke hearts, which apparently are two dishes that they are known for, but everything was WAY overpriced for what you got. I'd go back for drinks but certainly not to eat.  I'd rather go to Dinosaur for food that is much cheaper but yet much better quality.  It gets the 2 stars because of the nice outdoor seating area on the lower level and the decent Malbec on the wine list.
Been here many times and was glad to see some new items on the menu. Wife and I opted for an evening of Tapas. While we had four, two stood out. The Tuna and the Italian fusion ( beef chorizo meatball and feta arancini) were both excellent. As always we had great service and our drinks were very good. I still believe the prices to be a bit steep, but obviously something keeps bringing us back.
Tapas is a hidden gem tucked away on st. paul with all the hoodrat infested clubs.  It's a place to get away, get a drink or two and just chill out with your girls.  **WARNING** You may get stalked out and harassed by some random whack jobs just be prepared!! Now when it gets crowded here, it definitely is unbearable but downstairs is a quaint, seductive, comfortable ambiance.  I heard salsa night is the bomb dot com but I've never been before. If I do get something to eat, I'll usually shoot for a chicken salad with the house vinaigrette dressing or get some type of dessert.  The servers will also hook you up with a bread entree which is tasty.
GREAT atmosphere.  Usually go here for drinks. Dark and mysterious is right on point Cheryl. Nice bottle of vino in a quiet spot downstairs during the week. Weekends are busy for eating.  It is very small but I think it makes it better. Salsa dancing on Thursdays. If you dont know how you can learn!
Tapas 177 Lounge located in the scarcely visited St. Paul Quarter is one of Rochester's most under rated hot spots. I'm guessing the location and the lack of street parking (they offer complimentary valet) is what deters party goers from checking this place out, but don't hesitate any longer my fellow Rochestarians. Tapas is the quintessential lounge, dimly lit, private rooms and funky music with a Spanish vibe, hence the name Tapas. A bar occupies the entire top floor where you can get martinis and their famous Sangria (the best in town). Feel free to order appetizers at the bar with your drinks. The drinks are always mixed well by friendly bar tenders but it's the food that brings people back for more! If you are going to take once piece of advice from me, ever, it's to order the Calamari Salad, even if you don't like calamari. Seriously.  It's one of their larger dishes and can be ordered as a dinner salad, it's so good you won't want to share. Other must orders include the Seared Sea Scallops, Crab Cakes 177 and the fried stuffed Pablano Pepper. Tapas is great for a large party (family style like Good Luck) but it's also a great place for a date and if you like to dance, put your dancing shoes on. Tapas offers FREE salsa dancing lessons every Thursday night at 9:30! Other great events at Tapas include: $10 wine tasting from 6-10pm (Hors d' oeuvres included) Happy hour from 4:30-7:00 with specials and free bar food Friday night DJ in the downstairs bar (no cover) And a live salsa band every Saturday. You could spend your entire night at Tapas or start a Saturday night out with dinner either way, Tapas will show you a good time.
I've been to Tapas before for the nightlife, but never eaten at the restaurant until recently.  The atmosphere was positively romantic and we were shown a private table in a little nook with red curtains.  The service was exemplary and everyone who served us was very friendly and helpful.   To top it off the food was fantastic.  We only ordered off of the tapas menu because there was so much that looked good and everything was great.  I would have liked to try their ostrich, which they were out of, but the quail was very good and now I have an excuse to go back.  Definitely try the Banana Zanga for dessert as it is out of this world!
OK, I'll admit that Tapas 177 doesn't really serve tapas.  What they do serve is some of the best food I've ever had anywhere, accompanied by a large and excellent wine list. Favorite dishes of mine are the Sushi Napoleon and the Sea Bass, but really, I've loved everything I've ever ordered there.  The Prosciutto Wrapped Artichoke Hearts are another excellent appetizer, and don't let the portion fool you - there are only three of them, but if you eat all three you're not going to have room for dinner! I don't consider the place to be overpriced, but it's not inexpensive.  For me, the food is well worth the prices though. They have Salsa dancing on Thursday nights, although the dance floor is smallish.
The actual Tapas were okay, the spring rolls were fresh, the empanada's were tasty. But the jambalaya entrée was horrible. At $25 I expected more than 2 shrimp, 2 scallops and a can of luke-warm crushed tomatoes over white rice. The menu said "Shrimp, scallops, Tasso ham, chorizo over chorizo saffron rice" but there was no ham or chorizo tonight. Very disappointed.
Tapas 177 is a really terrific place to have a fun meal. I especially like sitting at the bar, ordering in a lazy sequence as we wander through the small portion offerings. Steamed dumplings are mmmm, empaniada is tasty and the bartenders are always prepared to give you a taste of wines they offer by the glass. This is not haute cuisine but, hey, the food is fun, friendly and the bar theatre - flames flying from the kitchen stove, the knots of energetic conversation, the rhythms of the background music and the diverse crowd mix - always makes a good visit. Say hi to Dimitri behind the bar !
Every time I've been in Rochester, I come here. The food is fantastic, the prosciutto wrapped artichoke hearts, tuna tartare, and the mussels with fries. I highly recommend.
OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  Such a great atmosphere, decor, and the food, mouth watering!  There's an upstairs bar and downstairs where there's much more room and where the dining area is.  I have very fond memories of going here drinking with friends, dancing on the bar, and staying for the Thursday eve salsa lessons after the dining area closed.  Such a fun place and makes for good date atmosphere.
This is my favorite place in Rochester to grab a few happy hour drinks and apps, especially on Friday between 5-7 when they have free apps!! I feel like I'm hidden from the world in there - the bar is gorgeous, the mojitos are fabulous, wine selection by the glass is great and there are a few signature dishes that are really good -- calamari salad, tuna tartare, chicken spring rolls. I do think that the portions are on the small side and I can see how the value for money may not be very good, but if you're going for drinks, the atmosphere and a few munchies it's perfect.
I thought Tapas 177 was very disappointing.  The choices were limited, the food was not authentic, and the service only so-so.
SO so good. Was just there last Saturday night for my birthday shindig. The food was even better than I remembered. I suggest the Napoleon tartar, quail salad and the dumplings. Our blond dreads-waitress was a delight and my gin and tonics were perfectly strong;)
Beth J.'s review is accurate, i.e. this really isn't your father's tapas bar. Arriving Saturday evening without a reservation, we were understandably offered a 45 minute wait, but even the bar's seating was filled.  We considered the standing-room barrel tables, but after a menu review that surprised us and the bartender not knowing sherry, we left.  Friends who returned after midnight for salsa dancing and drinking had a great time.
...awesome place in Rochester, NY.  Great tasty food, friendly environment and awesome place to dance salsa Saturday night!!
This is really not Spanish Tapas.   This is a bunch of appetizers from various ethnic groups...the majority not Spanish.  The food was mediocre and overpriced.  This is a typical mediocre restaurant that is thriving in Rochester....any major city and this place would be out of business.  This is not fusion food as the menu says, it is just bad food.
I think of Tapas 177 more as a bar with upscale food than a fine dining establishment, probably because the first time I ever came here was on a Thursday when there is a ton of salsa dancing.  In any case, the food here is pretty good but they are NOT tapas.  The portions are entirely too large, the prices are too high for tapas, and none (or very few) of these dishes are Spanish in origin.  So why is this place called Tapas?  I have no idea but this misconception occurs at lots of other American "tapas" bars.  So, forgiving that, many of these "small plates" could actually feed two people and are quite good.  I recall the stuffed poblano pepper being really filling and rich.
First thing I must say about this Lounge is that if you have never been here before, it will be very hard for you to find if you are driving. The signage is horrible. I drove by this lounge 5 times before I had to pull over and ask a lot attendant where the heck this place was at.   Thank goodness the attendant knew where it was. He even had a hard time showing me the location. He had to tell me to go to the place where the 2 people were standing out front. He said everyone gets confused where to go because the sign is not easy to see and that have to know the place to find it. This is a different place if that is what you are looking for. The building itself is very old. There is a stair way that is so small that people have to wait to walk down if someone is walking up. The ambiance is dark, some may say its romantic and others may say it's Goth. The lighting is very low, on the verge of too low.  I noticed that all the plates that did not match had some sort of gunk on them. Personally I like to use clean dishes when I go out to eat. But that may not be a preference to others or maybe they just cannot see the dirt in the low lighting. Comfort is another thing I like when I go out, The seats were not that comfortable, they felt like one of the old couches you can find on the street, there for if you have a bad back, you will want to sit on a harder chair. The service was great, that is one thing they did right. The food was ok, nothing special. I ordered the special the Filet migono, my boyfriend ordered the seared Ahi Tuna. I ordered the filet medium, unfortunately it came raw, as in raw raw. I did not say anything, but the server noticed immediately how raw the filet was and she asked if I would like to send it back. We were more than half way done with our meal, I was not going to send it back so everyone would have to wait for me. The good part about my meal was the truffle on the chips, they were great. The Ahi Tuna was very good. The desserts we ordered were the chocolate cake was very good, if you like chocolate, it was warm and very moist. The banana desert was great as well. The portion size compared to the price and flavor was not comparable. The food and ambiance is defiantly not worth the money. Oh and the fact I did get sick that night and most the people that were with us did not have a good night with their digestion, that will be a never go back to eat experience.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!. The late night atmosphere is amazing. These people know how to throw a party every night. Best to go on the weekend for late night fun, but also a great place to eat during the week. The food is familiar and fresh, with a little twist here and there, i have never left hungry. If your in the area defiantly stop by this Rochester staple.
Really good and unique food, and the space is also nice.
