Food was excellent, chef and staff were friendly and professional. They were more than happy to accommodate us with our kids. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. I had sashimi and hibachi tofu and shrimp, it was all very good. Also the gyzo, miso soup, and salad were delicious. The waitress I believe was named Maggie, she was very sweet and attentive. There's nothing I would have changed about my experience. Will definitely be going back again!
Excellent service -- the owner took our picture as it was my birthday and made a copy for three members of our dinner party, and wrote our names out in Japanese.  The personal touch and welcoming feeling is why I will be back and why I gave them 5 stars :-). Very nice atmosphere. The sushi was delicious!!  It's similarly priced to other sushi restaurants in area.
Easily the best restaurant in the Southern Tier.  I've gone here about 10+ times and have enjoyed each it and every time. I've eaten at 100+ sushi joints throughout the country and there are just certain dishes here that forces me to draw comparisons to to those other joints.  Their beef takaki and beef negimaki still reigns at the top in my opinion. The Hibachi chefs they hire over the years all have a lot of personality and are highly entertaining.  The service is always good and the food usually satisfying. Food: 4.5 Service: 5 Price: 4.5 Entertainment: 4.5 Ambience: 5
After reading the majority of the reviews and everyone raving about this place.....I was super excited to experience great food and yehhhh, not the case here.  My first New York experience of Japanese food. Given, I do understand that it's Chinese food that people claim are 2nd to none in New York but moving right along.... Sushi: I had the Popeye Roll which includes shrimp,  tuna, cucumber, and mayo with spinach on top..... it was tasteless. I think I could have achieved something better by just mixing a bowl of the ingredients. My entrée was the Yaki Niku.... stay away from it,  talk about overpowering. You can achieve the version I was served of this dish by buying a bottle of soy sauce and emptying its content into a pot of sautéed beef, carrots,  and onions.   For the total I spent of $36.67, this evenings dinner was not at all worth the price tag. Customer service on the other hand great :)
Good food but I don't enjoy sitting next to strangers.
Service is fantastic.  Sushi is very good and prices are reasonable. Chefs were fun and talked to me and even gave a few samples.
OK, so I'm a sucker for cheap theatrics and pyrotechnics, but I love to get entertained at a hibachi/teppanyaki steakhouse.  When we're on the road and Yelp a decent one, we go to enjoy the corny jokes and hopefully some decent food.  Kampai delivers on all fronts.  I have to agree that it is little on the pricey side for upstate NY, but not when compared to NYC prices. It's also fun to experience new material in other cities across the country.  Chef juggles raw egg on his spatula, calls it his "egg roll" (standard schtick), cracks egg on edge of spatula and congratulates diners that "it's a boy".  Cracks second egg and declares that "it's twins" (ba-dum-bump, all this in deadpan too).  He then dares to construct a 6 tier onion volcano and lights it up forming a 3 ft column of flame!  Above and beyond all the 4 & 5 tiers I normally see. As to the food, there are major differences with what we're used to.  They don't serve a (4) shrimp appetizer, but the fried rice is done on the grill as standard included in the dinner price.  Salad & a clear onion soup are also included.  Steak, shrimp, chicken & scallops are offered in different combinations and I opted for the steak & shrimp.  Both were cooked as I like it, medium-rare for the steak and shrimp were plump with crispy edges and not chewy.  Accompanying the meat & seafood came a vegetable medley of onions, zucchini, mushrooms & bean sprouts.  Only a sweet ginger dipping sauce was provided, but we normally get that and a mustard based sauce as well.  We also tried 2 maki rolls (eel & avocado, spider), which were pricey and were just meh. During the cooking, the chef set aside 4 shrimp which I call the stuntshrimp.  He cut them in half and made everybody try to catch one in their mouths.  I got mine on the 3rd try and 1st & 2nd landed on my plate, so bonus shrimp for me.  Overall, it was a fun experience with us leaving with our eyebrows intact despite the pyromania. 3.5 stars
Having lived in NYC, I've had my share of exotic cuisine and I'm a big fan of sushi. I was traveling and my hotel was nearby, and on a Saturday night during rush hour I didn't feel like taking up a seat, so I just ordered take out. So, while I can't say too much about the service, I can say that they were swamped and looked as if they were handling it quite well, including my order. The food was good, not great, but the only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because it's a little too pricey for what it is. There are better places in Rochester for a little less.
My family & I celebrated my SIL's birthday at Kampai in Vestal, NY. We had a 5 Star dinner.  A fun chef, and the manager was personable, even chatting with us about Japanese culture. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! Then the bill came! It was MUCH more than we expected! Upon review we discovered that we were charged over $2 for EACH soda & tea refill! The glasses the beverages are served in were no more than 6oz each. This is ridiculous! In the United States, it goes without saying that fountain beverages are refilled for free. If that is not the case, we should have been informed! We spent $50 on soda! For this reason, I don't think we will be back!
Server was great and attentive! Food was great! We went for Mother's Day celebration. My mom enjoyed the sesame chicken hibachi. Packed with flavor! I had the steak and it was terrific. We had our picture taken and for the holiday my mom received a flower. Thumbs up! I would definitely go back :)
Went here on a date and thought the food and service was tremendous. We got the California roll, spicy tuna, spinach roll, and the kampai anniversary roll (my favorite). The kampai roll was absolutely incredible and a I highly recommending giving that a try - it's really worth the $13.25. For two people, the prices overall were reasonable : came out to like $40 for a good sum of delicious sushi. Also, we had the nice option of sitting in a very private section of the restaurant which set a nice romantic and intimate mood for the occasion. Service was great, setting was great, prices were great, food was great - definitely a go-to!
Hibachi + Sushi This is not only the best asian restaurant in the area but one of the best all around restaurants. This place has been right on the Vestal Parkway for as long as I can remember. However, it wasn't until a few years ago that I've actually dined there. We had a big family reunion and they were able to accomodate our entire party of 20+ Some good things to point out: - the quality of their fish is pretty damn good - good selection of japanese beer - great hibachi chefs - great location If you're driving through the area and are looking for a nice place to eat consider this place.  Or would you rather eat at a Chinese buffett? nom nom nom
My favorite place to eat and where I go every special occasion. I see some reviews are saying that it is run down, but I just get a traditional oriental feel from it, and I prefer it to a place that is newer or looks more renovated and fake. The food is great, regardless of what is ordered. (I usually go for the scallops and steak.) The cooks don't put on as big of a "show" as some of the other Japanese places that I have been, but their cooking is better than the other places and the Chefs all have a great sense of humor! It is a bit pricey, which is why I save it for my special occasions, but every time I go I have never been disappointed or regretted paying to eat. I definitely recommend trying it out if you're in the area.
Good food, although have had better. Excellent service. Very polite and attentive. Prices are a little high considering most of the meal was rice. Need to have less rice and more meat.
I've been to Kampai a few times for their sushi, but that was a little while ago (I do remember I liked it a bit better than Fuji San). I recently went for the hibachi experience, never having tried it before. Communal seating is fun.  We went on a Saturday and were ushered to a table with a small family, and another couple were placed at the end not long after we sat.  (Note: It can be awkward to get in and out of your seat!)  I wonder what happens when it's a slower night?  Do they refuse to seat you unless there's a table with an opening?  Do they refuse to start the table up unless it's filled with diners?  It absolutely wasn't a problem on Saturday night, but I wonder how it works on, say, a Wednesday. Anyway, the waitress came around to get drink orders pretty promptly.  That's good.  Hibachi waitstaff probably don't have that much else to do, considering the chef does the food.  Some wines, some beers and sake, and a good sampling of the requisite Asian cocktails like mai tais and karate punches.  My husband said his karate punch had a good dose of vodka and rum, so he was happy. Anyway, it was definitely a good show.  Our chef caught eggs in hats, cracked eggs with the spatula, made flaming "volcanoes," etc.  Very fun!  All the food is cooked communally, though, so I guess you can't bring a vegetarian - his/her veggies will certainly get tainted by the mounds of meat on the grill. My husband, a shrimp lover, couldn't resist ordering the shrimp flambe appetizer, and I thought it was a little bit of a rip-off.  A few baby shrimp are stir-fried up (with flame, natch) pretty much with the main course.  It was a little expensive for a small handful of shrimp, and it wasn't even really treated as an appetizer, per se.  Just saying.  (Other people at our table ordered sushi/sashimi or tempura for appetizers, so you can get a taste of something that's not hibachi.) But the rest of the meal was fab.  You get miso soup, a salad, rice, vegetables, and your main hibachi order (shrimp, steak, tofu, chicken, scallops, a mix-up of any of the above).  Not including drinks or appetizers, it'll run you about $17-$25 a person, but it's worth it.  Just don't go when you're in a hurry.  On that night, there was only one chef to do four or more tables, so it's all done sort of leisurely.  I got steak and scallops.  Steak was delish - scallops were tender and not rubbery. I wonder how tipping works.  We tipped our waitress the full amount, but I hope the chef gets a cut of that.  We were assuming that he does?  Perhaps it's best to tip the chef separately and reduce the waitress' cut by a few bucks, if necessary?
I went for takeout and enjoyed the food, However, Japanese food is rather steep so I could only enjoy this every now and then.  The Beef Negimaki was superb, the Gyoza was standard issue but tasty.  I'll look forward to dining in so I can get the full experience.
Great for the special night out. Its habachi. its everything you can expect. They do the tricks with the volcanos and the hats and shooting shrimps, you know the rote. Its always fun there. bring a 20. and call ahead to get your friends name on the sign.
C'mon, who doesn't like hibachi?  Not that it's the world's awesomest hibachi, but the food's good, they have great sushi (according to my wife), and fun super-alcoholic beverages. Whenever we go we get great service.  I'll go back.  And I'll probably drink too much and catch shrimp in my mouth.  For sure.
This cannot possibly turn out well. That was my thought as a college age (guy) relative suggested we go to "this sushi place" for dinner. Really? In Vestal, NY?  So it was a pleasant surprise to find it turned out well after all. In spite of the fact that he really didn't want sushi but hibachi. I suspect part of the motivation for the Kampai suggestion was the cute college age (girl) waitresses in kimono. Although this guy  did comment that were he they he would find it demeaning to be so dressed when the guys on staff got to wear white shirts and dark pants. Atta boy! As diners you  are offered a choice of three seating options when you enter Kampai. Traditional, sushi or hibachi. My recommendation is  the traditional seating for more serene tables where you can order from the traditional, sushi or hibachi menu. But based on the recommendation of the college aged guy, we sat at the hibachi grill  table. IF you sit at the hibachi table, at least one member of your party must order a hibachi meal. The sacrificial lamb for for our party of five was the guy who suggested it.:-) The talented hibachi chef made it fun through his shtick. And the hibachi shrimp dinner the college aged eater polished off was deemed great by him.  For what it's worth. The rest of us had cold buckwheat noodle salad and an assortment of sushi rolls. While these may not have been the best sushi rolls we've had, they were pretty darned good. A nice surprise. A drawback from the view of the adults beyond college age at the table was the quality of service from the kimono clad staff.  Or maybe how bad it was was intended to part of the entertainment? As example: Diner question: "Is the eel in the jamey roll cooked" Server answer: "I have no idea." Diner questions: "Is the Sushi chef on duty?" Server answer: "Yes." Diner question: "Could you ask him? Server answer: "Maybe. He's pretty busy." The diner in question (me) decided to simply "brave it" and order.  (Postcript:  The eel cooked. :-) ) That's just one of several similar examples. Here's another: Diner Q: "What brand of vodka is in the house Pomtini?" Server A: "I don't know.  Bad vodka. You should upgrade it." Perhaps the owner should invest less in the kimonos and more in the training of the wait staff. But amateur service doesn't seem to be a barrier to keep people from coming to Kampai. We arrived at 5:30 and the restaurant was already starting to have a steady stream of diners in the door. By he time we left about 7:15 it was packed. Mainly, it seemed, with families. Reasonably priced, we thought. The hibachi meal was the spendiest at about $21. For five people for dinner (including the chef's show for entertainment) that included the hibachi dinner, three sushi  rolls, noodle salad, two soups, two cocktails, three tea and three desserts the cost was just a little over $100. The bottom line is if you're visiting in Vestal and someone suggests dinner at Kampai, be not afraid...the outcome will be AOK.
This is my second, Japanese steakhouse experience. Overall, they are a fun time, but the price keeps me from enjoying this treat on a regular basis. Right now it seems to be once every 10 years. You pay for the show here. Frankly, the food iself can be better found at a regular Asian restaurant for much much cheaper, so if you are coming to a place like this , its for the entertainment. Kampai does everything really well, from the decor, to the service and finally, the food. It was my kids first real experience at a place like this ( over 10 years ago, for my 30th, they were both present but Ben slept in a baby carrier and 2yr old Sarah was mesmerized, but doesnt remember it) and since they are both Japaniphiles, they loved it all. Im especially proud of my son Ben, who normally eats nothing but french fries and chicken nuggets, but was very adventurous, both by trying the teryaki chicken and catching a shrimp in his mouth (on the first try!). Again, the entire experience was excellent and we all enjoyed it. Capping off an already great night, was the owner Richard dazzling everybody by taking pictures and writing our names in Japanese characters. My kids absolutely loved talking to him, with his stories of his Samurai ancestors. He was in a rush to take his wife out for her birthday, yet he still gave us  his time to chat ( 2 of his kids go to Villanova).
You always know you're in for an entertaining evening when you go to hibachi. I always enjoy dinner and a show and the chefs at Kampai do put on a good show. To me all hibachi places have the same basic acts but I still like it all the same. The food is good, it tastes like any other hibachi place and in terms of price keep in mind you're paying for a show as well. Their appetizers and sushi are delicious as well so don't forget about them. The fish always tastes fresh and though they do use krab in some of their rolls they at least indicate which rolls have krab and which have crab. I appreciate that as it can be very disappointed to order a roll with crab in it only to get the fake stuff. Some of the non-hibachi items I've had include the pork dumplings, the seared tuna, the fried soft shell crab which was fantastic, and several different sushi and sushimi. For dessert they have a few items including tempura fried ice cream. There is a bit of novelty to the dish, but it tastes great and the ice cream is of good quality. It is very rich though so be sure you've saved enough room after the appetizers and hibachi meal to enjoy it all. Overall Kampai is a standard hibachi restaurant. In my opinion they do everything well and I have not been disappointed the few times I have eaten there. The price and the repetition of the show may limit you from going often but it is fun to go every once in a while if you want something different.
If you're looking for a five-star dining experience, don't come here. If you're looking for decent food cooked on a hibachi table that can accommodate a large group of people, then Kampai is the place for you. It has been aeons since I have visited Kampai, but my memory recalls it as a decent Japanese restaurant - not, I must stress, authentic - with friendly servers.  The menu was extensive, the prices reasonable, and anyone on a budget or simply looking for a low-priced meal did well at this place. The food was filling and the portions huge.  You could definitely get two meals out of the entrees. If you called ahead, you could also arrange to have them wish someone in your party a happy birthday on the illuminated Kampai sign that stood out front, near the parking lot.  Good times. It wasn't a bad place, at least on the occasions I dined there. If you expect a mid-level hibachi experience and nothing more, then you will not leave disappointed.
4 stars considering this is a Japanese restaurant in Vestal! Though it is a bit more 'run down' than Fuji San down the street, but I feel the sushi, prices and service is more agreeable.  Their hibachi is pretty standard, and their sushi yummy. It is packed nightly, even the bar area.
I came here before a couple years back and well to be honest I can't remember all the details because me and my friends came here to mainly drink beer and sake. The sushi was a side dish. The sushi was good though, I definitely do not remember eating anything bad. I enjoyed all the food, might've been because of all the booze in my system or because I was hungry, I dont know! BUT, I can't say I had a bad experience there
Of course the hibachi experience is fun and the traditional dining offers a good variety.  However, the sushi bar is one of my favorite places to grab a bite and hang with friends.  LOVE the eel. I do say it is time for a refresh on the interior, though.  It's lookin a bit dated and tired.
-everything was bad the night we went for dinner from hostess( very rude), server (ok), the chef (not sure knew how to cook).
I just went here for a friends birthday party. I want to warn you that I am reviewing this from a vegan perspective. I got a tofu appetizer for $6.50 (before tax). It was the only vegan thing I could find on the menu (the miso soup has fish broth and the onion soup has beef broth). The tofu was fried after being coated with cornstarch. The tofu tasted like nothing because it was not marinated. I tried to dip it into the sauce, but the tofu was waterproof and took on none of the sauce. The show was kind of fun to watch, but it was a little corny. I guess that's how hibachi is supposed to be though. In conclusion, you probably won't enjoy this place unless you are a meat eater in the mood to spend away your entire paycheck. This place is not at all college kid friendly. P.S. The other people I went with probably would have given the place 4 stars.
This was an incredibly delightful experience and meal. The wait staff was very friendly and engaging, responsive and accommodating. I know I enjoy a good hibachi, but this place is fantastic. It's so much bigger than it used to be, and knowing that they've been there for so long with the same chefs makes it feel like an establishment that cares about its employees. I went for my birthday, and one of the other people at our table used to work there 15 years ago. The owner and the cooks came out to say hello to her and watching the reunion was very touching. Not to mention that we got out pictures taken, printed out (one copy for everyone at the table) and Happy Birthday written on it in Japanese (i think). What a great experience. Now I know that I'll come back for every birthday. Also, they gave us coupons when we left. I officially love this place.
Best sushi around. On par with NYC quality. I've tried nearly all the sushi and my favorites are: Million Dollar Roll and Hot mama. Also, the Unagi (egg) is very impressive. Overall, the atmosphere (lighting, staff, etc) is excellent, and the quality of the fish used in the sushi bar is far beyond other options around here. It's like the other places aren't even sushi ;)
Kampai is truly a binghamton/vestal landmark, and far and away the best Japanese food in town. I demand if you go, especially if it's your first time, you do hibachi. The chefs are top-notch, friendly, and very entertaining. Their skillful yet playful preparation of your meal right in front of you is a memorable experience, and is fun for everyone. They accommodate special requests with ease, and you get a great value for your money. The expertly prepared sushi from the sushi bar tastes great. The owner is very friendly, and takes joy in celebrating special occasions with you, including a photo with japanese kanji written inside as a souvenir. Whenever I visit a hibachi, Kampai is my "gold standard" to which I compare... and I always seem to say, "it's OK, but it's not Kampai!"
A fine sushi and hibachi restaurant owned by a wonderful man named Mr. Matsushima, this Vestal Parkway favorite is great for many occasions. For years, we have celebrated many birthdays at the communal hibachi tables, where you can order the grilled specialties or sushi. There is also a very popular sushi bar serving the best fish in the area. Many nights, my wife and I will stop by just for sushi. Known for their friendly service, you can even reserve the billboard out front  for a special greeting.
I recently moved to this place and I am craving for hibachi. I have tried other hibachis in CA so I know my hibachis. The place itself is not that inviting. Its an old restaurant and no proper lighting. The food though is good. I had the steak hibachi and I do love it. The prices are a little bit high compared to the other restaurants in the area. If you are looking for fine dining, then this place is not for you. But their steak hibachi is good.
Kampai's food is good, but their menu is vastly overpriced.  I also received horrible service there. Our server didn't check in on us once after the food was served.  My girlfriend asked another server that walked by to ask our server to return so we could get refills on water and soda, but nobody ever did return until well after we had finished eating.  I also witnessed another table get seated and they didn't have a server come to their table for 15 minutes, finally 2 servers showed up at once and began bickering over whose table it was. If you're truly craving Japanese/sushi in the Binghamton area, Kampai will get the job done, but prepare yourself for wallet shock and poor service.
The sushi is OK, but for some strange reason, they allow sushi bar seats to be "reserved" for like an hour or more before the guest arrives. Sushi dishes are unimaginative but provide standard choices with a few basic variations. Anyhoo, the food is just average - not bad, not good - and typical of any other mid-tier hibachi restaurant. I've been going there on and off for many years, and the wait staff (with a few exceptions) are consistently airheads with a periodic bone-head. It's never really been any different. For this area, the overall experience and quality are reasonable. One big gripe I have is that their ventilation system is poor, and you will inevitably leave the place smelling of grease from the Hibachi tables. Plan on an evening shower and tossing your clothes right into the washing machine. Parking can be a bit of a problem if you arrive at a busy time.
Probably the best place your going to get sushi at in Vestal NY. They also have good service and generally will give you some free sake while you wait.
Surprisingly good sushi! Fun atmosphere, great service.
It's one of the nicest restaurants in the area, and they charge accordingly.  The food is always great, hibachi is always fun, and the atmosphere is amazing.
Excellent food and service, and Richard the owner adds a touch of class you don't get at most placed.
Really enjoy coming to Kampai - one of the other better sushi places in Binghamton along with hibachi. Been here several times and never had a problem until the last time I went.  We had an 8pm reservation for which we didn't get seated until 830.  We (Party of 5) sat at the Hibachi table for almost another half hour before our order was taken.  I would understand, but the restaurant wasn't that busy although they were coming down from a very eventful evening.  As always the food is great.  I think this one time was just a fluke.  One of the downsides of this place is that their parking lot is very tiny.  If you're going with someone that can't walk about 1/8 of a mile to the place (I don't know- a buddy in crutches or an elderly family member) then drop them off in the front and take their shuttle service to the door.  On the whole I suggest this place.
The sushi rolls were falling apart.  They tasted bad.  They left shells on some of the shrimp.  Service was descent.  We will not be returning.
I was visiting Binghamton U for the weekend and thought I'd take my friends out for some decent food.  The place was packed on this Saturday night.  The service was excellent.  decor was ok, typical japanese restaurant.  It's a fairly large joint by NYC standards, so quite roomy.  The food could have been way better, especially considering the not so cheap prices.  Their prices were right on par with typical sushi joints in NYC.   The sashimi and sushi didn't look great.  somewhat dry looking and small portions.  Likewise for the appetizers.  We had guizas and beef negamakis, etc.  They were all smaller than you'd get from any place in NYC.   And, then there's the gimick: they had our whole group of 12 stand up and get a picture taken.  The picture was then placed inside a paper frame as we waited for the owner to "sign it."  I thought, wow, is the owner that famous?  What he ended up doing was writing in Japanese happy birthday or whatever the occasion happened to be.  And, he writes your name in Japanese.  Cool for the non Asian crowd I guess, but the Asians like us found it cheesy as we can write our own names in our own languages.  No need to butcher our names up anymore than necessary.  Kinda like going to an Italian restaurant and asking your Spanish patrons if you can write their names in Italian.  cheesy. We had a great time still bc we hadnt' seen each other for so long.  And, we had lots of beers.  I can see why it was packed.  It's probably the only "authentic looking" Japanese place, and probably the oldest in town.  But, it's only authentic LOOKING.
Hands down, best sushi in the area.  I go frequently with my partner and we have tried just about every roll and about half of the nigiri.  I would highly recommend the yellowtail nigiri, the tuna nigiri, the hot mama, and the rock'n'roll - they never disappoint.  But in all honesty, half of the fun is the experience - the hot towels, watching the sushi chefs at work, and figuring out which array of tastes you enjoy the most.  You can also ask them to surprise you with their own creative rolls that are not on the menu (the results are tasty, trust me).  Great selection of sake.  And of course, wonderful friendly staff.
I think I may prefer this over Fuji San for our area.  I've never been to the white folk stereotype hibachi here so I can't comment on that.  But whenever we order the sushi it comes pretty quick and usually have decent cuts.  It's no comparison to the big city spots but will do for a Binghamton area quick fix.  Whenever we go though, my husband asks if they have Nigiri (if my memory serves me right) and they never have in about 2 1/2 years.  Also, for the quality I would think their prices would be a little lower since we usually spend about $60-$90 with gratuity for 2 people.  I think we've spent less in cape cod and the fish there is caught the same morning.  Oh well...guess we have to pay for shipping.  Nice atmosphere though but the waitresses wearing kimonos is kinda cheesy overkill, especilly since none of them are even asian.
It's always nice feeling welcomed when I go here (the weekly 10% off coupon in the Good times doesn't hurt either). Great for all occasions this place is very consistent when it comes to presentation and quality. can't think of a better place to have a birthday... Don't forget to order a roll of sushi while your waiting for your entree.
