Ambience: low lighting,  candles on the table - don't take that to mean you need to dress up to come..... you can come dinner casual, I.e. jeans and a nice top. Drink: I ordered my favorite,  Thai tea :) he mixed it for me which I did not like but it's okay. I prefer to mix it myself but it's no biggie especially since the taste was delicious. Entrée: I ordered the Thai Ginger and Basil Jumbo shrimp.....   Presentation: enticing Taste: leaves much to be desired. I might come Beck for the Thai tea but that is about it. Service: Overall customer service was good but the wait time for the food was tediously annoying.  Considering there was only a group of 3 of us in the restaurant First group: 3 total ppl, already have their meal Second group: 4 ppl, waiting on their food Third group; just little ol me lol waiting for my food I should mention that the person working the front desk is also the one serving the meals... first you heard me, on a Saturday nighy, the same person sitting people is the same one taking orders and delivering food......
Lemongrass is the best restaurant in the Binghamton area. They serve an assortment of modern Asian cuisine- Thai, Malaysian, Japanese, & Korean. The best dishes on the menu are Pad Thai, Malaysian curry (with nan and chicken or tofu), Hawaiian mango chicken, and the Zen (vegan friendly vegetable assortment). The red curry, pineapple chicken, and coconut chicken are all close seconds. Save room for the best cheesecake you will ever eat in your entire life- tofu cheesecake with blueberry preserves sauce gently sprinkled over top. Also, don't forget to try the appetizers. Ginger sweet potato "fries" that aren't actually fried, but roasted. Spring rolls with the best dipping sauces. You will leave lemongrass with enough food for 2 meals the next day and a smile on your face. The decor and atmosphere is also incredibly relaxing. There is space in the back for parties and events - take your friends!
I had two dinners at Lemongrass this week on a work trip and I have to say it was the best Thai food I have had in years.  Seriously. The portions are huge - definitely enough for two meals (or one meal and a hearty midnight snack) for an adult.  I had the eggplant basil, which was a satisfying rendition of the dish, and the pad thai the following night.  The pad thai noodles were wide and scrumptious, more like a drunken noodle dish than standard pad thai -- I really liked this take on pad thai.  I also liked the large garnish of thai basil; it added extra flavor to the dish. At the first dinner we also shared the crispy shrimp with coconut flake.  These shrimp were butterflied and fried with a coconut crust.  It was a rich and memorable start to the meal; I definitely recommend that dish.  The summer rolls were also good, but I wish there had been more than two to an order. The coconut pudding, served in the coconut, is something extremely special.  It's full of assertive coconut flavor, without being too sweet.  Don't bother getting other desserts.  And when you want dessert, don't bother going anywhere except Lemongrass!
So I'm not sure where to begin...I have had plenty of Thai but none this bland. I do have to say they had an extensive Gluten free menu most of the reason I stick with Thai cuisine, however, the staff was not knowledgeable and described one of the dishes as "noodles are like styrofoam, more decorative then for eating." Are you serious?! Ok? Well I got Pad Thai which tasted like oily nothing and Chicken Satay like the blandest oily peanut butter, Tom Yum soup was also oily with no heat and looked like bad tofu( tofu should be firm, it's was curdled in the soup)
If Bing bites, Lemongrass may singlehandedly change the reputation of the area's dining scene.  This restaurant is the closest to cosmopolitan cool as I've seen around here.  The staff is eager to please and takes the restaurant seriously, which is a good thing.  Let me expound... They are going for a very zen decor, gainfully accomplished with the help of Ikea (remember the time warp of Bing, which delays all trends by a few years, so this really very forward thinking!).  Paper lanterns, candles, soothing lighting, and dark walls all lend to the atmosphere.  The pretty waitresses lead you to your tan cushioned seats through deep red and black curtained alcoves.  (Look out the window-- are we still in Bing?  Oh, yes, there's the light from the Red Lobster, phew!) Once we got over the stained paper menus (and once our Chinese friend got over the disposable chopsticks-- "come ON," she scoffed), we started examining the menu.  Our lovely waitress summoned the drink waitress to explain some of their interesting cocktails (of which she was a little unsure, but in Lemongrass this was completely forgivable for some reason!) and I ordered a Glowing Bangkok (complete in a glowing martini glass, which for some reason would be tacky anywhere but here), A ordered a pink lime special concoction, and C ordered a beer.  My drink inexplicably came out with tequila in it (though this was not listed on the menu and BELIEVE ME I would not have ordered it had I known that), but A was very happy with hers.  C's beer, sadly, was lukewarm.  We forgave again, because despite all the quirks, we were enjoying such an un-Binghamton experience. We ordered three appetizers-- gyouza (Japanese dumplings), roti canai (served with curry chicken), and Malaysian style chicken satay served with a fruity tamarind sauce.  The consensus around the table was that the barbecued chicken satay and the soft bread and spicy curry of the roti canai were the best.  The gyouza, made with beef, had a strange taste. We all tried to order different entrees.  The entrees are pricey for Bing, no bones about it, ranging from $12.95 to $20.95.  But I disagree wholeheartedly with another reviewer's statement that the food is "average."  The prices are merited given the size (huge) and presentation (beautiful). Hawaiian mango chicken-- served with slices of mango (a little underripe) and a large mix of veggies.  At $16.95, this was a little pricey for a chicken dish-- we suspected because of the out of season mangoes.  Fruity, light. Vietnamese noodle salad and grilled chicken-- would not be my first choice, but I'm not an exotic salad person.  Served with cold noodles and strips of grilled chicken, this was a favorite with several people in our party. Thai green curry delight-- a little bland for my palate, but appropriate for the less adventurous.  Compared with all the other bold flavors, I would skip it if you're used to spicy food, or maybe they will adjust heat for your taste. Malaysian curry and nan (my choice and the universal favorite)-- the flavors were almost indistinguishable, for me, anyway, from Indian curry.  We noted that the curry sauces here are more liquidy and oily than the creamy curries we're used to.  Still delicious, though, and quite spicy. Indian curry supreme-- like the Thai green curry, this was a little bland for us.  But most of us are spicy food fans, so it's nice that they have these blander dishes for those who are hot-hesitant. The chicken in all the chicken dishes was tender and flavorful.  The plates come piled high with beautiful garnishes and you can tell the servers are proud-- they look so happy when they serve the food, like, "Isn't this so cool??" and it really is.   We oohed and ahhed over the dessert presentation, ordering the coconut pudding served in an hollowed out coconut and mango sorbet.  Two desserts were enough for the five of us.  The coconut pudding, made with coconut milk and coconut flesh was pure and smooth, and the tart, refreshing mango sorbet (at $8.95!) came with three generous scoops. I don't usually write reviews that are this long, but I thought Lemongrass deserved it.  In many places, Lemongrass would be just another attempt at Asian fusion, but in Binghamton it's an important extension of the pretty pathetic fine dining scene.  The food is served up without any of the attitude of a trendy restaurant downstate, which makes the experience so enjoyable.  Lemongrass reaches far and does not fall short and I hope they inspire some competition to make Bing a real foodie destination!
Note: I have heard the ownership of Lemongrass changed at some point which might explain all of the positive reviews back in 2007. ----- I went here last night with my g/f for a date night. Keep your expectations low. Very average, bland Thai. Way overpriced. We've had authentic and California-based Thai many, many times and this just doesn't compare. The website gives the impression of a loungey feel. Hardly. Nothing special about the decor and there's no bar. The maroon table linens, which do not appear on their website photos, were wrinkled and the flowers on the table, though plastic, looked dead. As for any attire concerns, I'd say wear your best jeans and a not too dirty T-shirt and you should be fine. Evidence of past efforts to make the place hip remain but have not been kept up. Why was there a shelf of empty wine and liquor bottles on display and visible from our table? As I like pineapple, we ordered the "Thai Coconut Chicken" ($15.95!) (with tofu substituted for chickens). Unfortunately the pineapple was canned and the red curry sauce was very bland. Nothing felt fresh about this watery dish. We also ordered the "Thai Green Curry Delight" ($14.95) which was basically the same dish. Similar watery blandness, a touch more flavor but no spice. Additionally the color of the "green" curry was an unappetizing brown. Even the basil garnish for both dishes had black spots indicating it had been around for a while. I also like Nan so we got a side. Nan is traditionally Indian, yes? The Nan was like... eh? I can't even describe it. Dry and bland toasted round white pita bread? No flavor at all. They have a dish called "Zen" which sounds like it might be interesting but they don't even bother to really describe it on their menu. In fact, it's the most unenthusiastically described entree, "Specialty", on the menu. I wouldn't normally order the "Lemongrass Margarita" at a "Contemporary Asian Cuisine" restaurant but it was their signature drink. It was awful, all mix. There isn't a dedicated/experienced bartender. On a positive note, our server, Chris, was very good, explaining the gaps in the descriptions on the menu and attending to all of our needs. The Tom Yum soup was good, decent heat. The Chili Peanut Bundles, though a meager portion, were okay. I really hate to give a negative review as we have so few Thai places in the area. It seems there is little competition for good Thai, for good food of any kind really (excepting perhaps Italian), in the area as there is in larger cities. Few restaurateurs here seems to care about making excellent food. Little excitement in the restaurant/food industry here. (I still haven't tried "PS", one of my last hopes.)  Maybe a few more restaurants could step it up. They would be packed and we'd be there once a week. I hope my review inspires as we want some good Thai, good anything, when I go out in my new hometown in the Binghamton area. For now we're mostly cooking at home as my g/f is an excellent cook and I am a decent learner ;)
Excellent Thai in a modern comfortable setting.  I recommend the Thai pineapple chicken.  My wife enjoyed the coconut chicken, a less spicy but tasty alternative.  And make sure you try the Thai iced tea. Reasonable prices with a couple of different discount options.
My husband and I finally made it to Lemongrass for dinner on a Sunday in late August. The dining room is quite dark - the decor is, as others have said, pretty nice for the Bing.  Soft lighting (in some sort of decoration on one wall). The bar is hidden, strangely enough.  No booths, no seating, no nothing.  You place a drink order, and you sort of see a bartender's head behind a half-wall, but you can't really be sure.  That's a neg for me. Drinks, drinks.  Our waitress was definitely pushing the alcohol that evening.  We didn't mind that much because we're lushes, but I can see how that would be off-putting to some.  She asked us right off the bat if we'd like cocktail x or cocktail z, then immediately mentioned wine.  She trashed the cheaper sauvignon blanc on the menu but praised the sauvignon blanc that happens to sell for $14 a glass or $45 a bottle.  So there was a little bit of transparent shilling happening. (Martinis do still come in those cool, kitschy glasses with the neon-lit stems.)  I think that the glasses were a little small (for the price).  I got the "Sex and the City" martini, and it was certainly drinkable.  A bit light on the alcohol, heavy on the juice.  So very good if you don't want to get your visiting mother trashed, etc. I wanted to get their summer rolls because I've been craving summer rolls, but they were out, which was a bummer.  I got the pot stickers (delish), and my husband got the chicken satay (good but nothing special).  The pot stickers are meaty and nicely pan fried - the satay (3 skewers for an app) was a little bit bland, IMO. For dinner, I got the Vietnamese steamed fish.  It was presented very well.  Long, rectangular ivory plates with a pyramid of Jasmine rice (with sauce) to the right, and the fish (with sauce and a medley of vegetables) laid out quite artfully on a bed of tropical leaves (the flat, glossy kind - I've no clue the name).  It felt very healthful and light.  The fish sauce was a touch too salty for me.  But it was very good.   The fish portion wasn't actually very huge, but it was flaky and tender.  Worth the $17 or $18, I think. My husband got the Bangkok Jumbo Shrimp with crispy noodles, also very well presented.  He liked it - even if the bird's nest style crispy noodles are a bit unwieldy to eat (at least until they get saturated by sauce).  And there are definitely a sizable pile of noodles!  The shrimp were indeed large and not stringy, etc.   He ordered the chocolate mousse cake.  I couldn't tell if it was made in-house.  The layers of mousse were uneven, which made me think it might have been?  (They also sell a coconut pudding in the coconut itself, so that can't be Sysco/Maines/premade, can it?)  It wasn't too rich, but it wasn't that memorable.  But certainly tasty.  And you get a good sized slice.  Worth the $6 for sharing. Service was well-paced.  Our server really was attentive and asked about our food discreetly.  (She didn't write the orders down - she had to come back to check about the shrimp dinner - which was actually memorized incorrectly, so it's good she checked - but that sort of thing is fine to us.)  The staff is dressed in chic black.  The table next to us had four diners, and they had all of the servers help expedite the food to the table so no one had to wait to eat for more than a few seconds.  That's a nice touch. We'd go back.  I'm not going to rush back, though, if only because, as others say, it's a little pricey for what you get.
We must have went on an off day because our experience at Lemongrass was extremely disappointing. First off we were greeted by two very young servers who engaged in conversation amongst themselves before seating us. We were seated in a moderately sized dining room. It was a very slow night, there was only one other party there. The waitress was so awkward and forgetful. We were her only table so this was inexcusable. I can understand when a waitress is busy you should not expect 5 star service. The food was disappointing for the price. The presentation was really neat though. Everything looked cool but tasted off. The appetizer portion was very small but I ordered the salmon and got a good amount. Even if the food was good our dining was completely ruined by someone who I assume to be the owner. As soon as we got our entrees a man came over and sat literally one table away from us and watched us eat. It was incredibly awkward and unpleasant! The very moment the waitress took our plates away he came over and asked us how everything was. How irritating that that man watched us and waited that whole time. We will not be returning.
I brought my Mom and Grandma here for something a little different than what is offered in the Binghamton area.  They were gluten free friendly and the wait-staff was really good about checking with the kitchen when I had questions about the ingredients. I tried: Thai Crab and Lemongrass sticks $7 Curry Ginger Sweet Potato Fries $6 Tom Yum Soup $4 Thai Ice Tea $4 For a gal from San Francisco, I was prepared to be extremely judgemental about this place....but I was rather impressed.  I thought the interior was rather swanky...not what I thought it would be from the strip mall feel of the area.   My mom liked the Salmon/Eggplant very much.
The first element of the Lemongrass dining experience that is sure to impress is the decor. The dim lighting, secret alcove tables, and design flairs (excellent wall decorations) set the mood for a romantic and sophisticated dining experience. The second element is their menu. It features an eclectic array of dishes from Thailand, China, India and Vietnam that all sounded so delicious, it was difficult to make a choice. The excellent cocktails also may have made the decision making process a little difficult; the Shanghai Blue are highly recommended; the Sake-tini good, but a little light on a the Sake. The quality of the food rose above your typical asian fair. Presentation was superb. The Pad-thai and Thai-style grilled chicken got good reviews from my parents. The Malaysian Curry and Nan was very tasty, but got points off for arriving somewhat cold. The Thai-green curry delight was tasty, but a little bland. Not nearly spicy enough for a true curry experience. However, to counterbalance any negative elements of our dishes, the rice was mixed with crispy noodles and covered with a sweet sauce (not sure what it was) that was absolutely delicious. I couldn't stop eating it. So the Lemongrass is recommended. Check out their website for their prices - a little high for the area, but reasonable in my opinion.
I was totally shocked by how good this restaurant is. This is really one of those don't judge a book by it's cover stories. The outside looks like it's just some Asian place in another one of the many Vestal Parkway strip malls, but when you walk in you are transported to a completely different place. I felt totally out of place in my casual clothes. I really should have listened to Yelp! when it said Dressy. It's more like dressy casual though. They won't refuse to seat you if you show up in casual clothing, but the atmosphere begs for you to button up that nice shirt you have hanging in your closet before strolling in. The menu was full of creative fusion dishes and it has 4 vegetarian entrees that can all be made vegan. They can also use tofu instead of meat in a lot of dishes to make them vegan. So this place is amazingly veg-friendly. They also have an amazing looking VEGAN coconut pudding for dessert that is served in a fresh coconut so that you can eat the coconut meat when the pudding is gone. My friend and I both got vegan dishes. She got the Malaysian Curry & Naan which was a spicy hot curry in coconut milk, tofu, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, cumin, turmeric, coriander, and fresh basil. They can do the curry with chicken too or a mix of chicken and tofu. The Naan is Vegan :) It was so delicious. I didn't have much of the curry but the Naan was very tasty and I'm pretty sure it was actually fresh. I could be wrong on that. I got the Zen which is stir-fried mixed market vegetables and tofu in the chef's special sauce. It comes with rice that has a sweet chili sauce on top of it. It was so amazing. I was shocked when I realized that I was really in Vestal. This place is so modern and the dishes are so carefully planned out and unique. Dinner for the two of us came out to just under $40. They don't take credit if you spent under $30 I believe, but they do have an ATM. It wasn't working when we were there, but it's there. I really didn't mind the prices on the dishes, especially because the portions were great. The entrees ranged from $14.95-$22.95 with the average entree costing around $18. The prices differ for the lunch portions. Another cool thing with this place is that in the Men's bathroom there is an ELECTRONIC TOILET with a SEAT WARMER and BIDET. I didn't use any of that fancy stuff but it's cool that they have it. I will definitely be coming back for lunch and possibly dinner if I have the money!
This restaurant is average in all aspects. I have eaten better Thai/Asian food elsewhere. The food was a mix of average to tasty. We had 4 diners in our party and everyone was satisfied for dinner. We had the Vietnamese Duck (tasty but not thoroughly heated), Vietnamese Chicken (sauce deemed very good), Mango Chicken (enjoyed meal but not sauce) and Coconut Chicken (disappointing). The Chocolate Cake looked good but tasted as if Hershey's syrup was used. The Coconut pudding was fun to eat. We used a Restuarant (dot) com coupon which helped cover the cost of the tip. Service was slow but pleasant. Grade: a solid C, middle of the road experience.
We went into this meal very hopeful, as we both enjoy Asian cuisine and were looking forward to trying this restaurant under the new management. Our meal started off well with decent drinks and appetizers, though the drinks took quite a while to arrive. The problem came once my entree was served. Our waitress walked away without mentioning that my girlfriend's meal was not ready, so after several minutes, we had to flag her down to find out why we were still waiting to be served. We were told it would be "just a minute", no further explanation. As it turned out, it was more like fifteen or twenty minutes, and we watched as four nearby tables were served while we waited. Meanwhile, my meal was getting cold. Once we got the manager's attention, they did bring an entree out almost immediately, but it was the chicken version of the dish, not the one we had ordered. Fortunately, this was not a big deal for her so we went ahead and ate. The sauces and vegetables in our meals were excellent, especially the green curry, though the chicken had a salty/slimy quality, like the chicken used in very cheap Chinese restaurants. For a $16 entree, that was a disappointment. Our dessert, a coconut pudding served inside a coconut, was delicious. However, we had one other problem, in that we had been told that we would be receiving a discount for all the trouble. This was a nice gesture and made us feel quite a bit better about the situation. However, we were instead presented with a paper bag. Instead of giving us a discount as promised, they had packed up the dish she had originally ordered and just gave us that. This really seemed like a poor way to handle it, but I was tired of dealing with this and let it go. We went home, only to find that someone had apparently given up on the entree once they realized their mistake. It was clearly not complete, missing many ingredients, and should not have been served, especially not in lieu of a bill adjustment. In short, some of the food was really pretty good and the staff came off as a friendly group of people who want to run a successful restaurant, but the service was very disorganized and needs improvement. No joke, quite a few of the meals brought to other tables were served with the words "I'm very sorry", and we saw at least one table wait about forty minutes for their appetizer, so it's not like we were the only ones. A lot of work needs to be done to get this place in order.
Great green curry and Malaysian curry. I like that the bamboo shoots were cut into thin strips and there were a ton of them. The portion was very good as well, it made up for the price which is def on the higher end for this area. Only complain was the comfort of the booth i sat in, sit at a table if you can. They close @ 9pm not 10pm. P.S. the toilet picture is a lie.
Okay, I had a delicious, huge dinner plate of pad thai that was spiced the way I wanted it and I enjoyed my meal, as did my friend. So maybe people need to go back and check out this place. Ambience is great. The place is very good-looking and we had no problem with service and there was another few people in the place. I am gluten-free and did feel the staff needs to become aware of special food needs so I do not feel like I need to educate people. I wanted the extra spice because it does help most meals and as a result I had n complaints about my pad thai. My friend took the left-overs since there was a ton of food on the plate.
Great food. Nice environment. Staff is helpful and friendly. Food and drinks are a bit pricey, but well worth it. A bit of a disappointment: they only accept credit cards for orders of $30 and more.
This place is a gem. The decor is simple elegance. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. The menu is extremely interesting and the quality of the food is outstanding. The prices are very good and they always have specials. One of the best restaurants in the area.
This use to be one of our favorites. .. The Coconut pudding desert is amazing, however the last couple of times we've been here the regular food was not good. The Pad Thai I had looked bad, dark brown in color and the shrimp in it seemed old or over cooked. Worst I've ever had. The chicken my partner had was dry, overcooked and the seasoning was horrid. We had to take a double take cause it tasted as if it was spoiled. Too bad... This place use to be better. I hope the owners read these and take an honest look at their food.
had a reservation at night to celebrate my sister's graduation. this was my first time around binghamton/vestal so it was shocking to see the contrast between a very low key & casual plaza VS the chic dark & modern-looking dimly lit place inside! pretty & exotic flower decorations, lit candles, strange 3d metal wall, drapped fabric, hard wood floors... it was a perfect nice spot for the celebration. parking wasn't a problem either. the food was an okay, so i am giving this place a 3star. much of the food weren't authentically asian, but more american-asian. the appetizer wraps unraveled when u picked it up & tasted too salty. the tom yum soup was sour enough but it was missing its body, like the broth was made out of water or something. the entrees were  MASSIVE, so we all had to share, which i recommend u doing as well, and there were STILL so much left. they were heavily flavored, so i was so thirsty at the end. some waiters were not the golden standard for a place like this wants us to perceive this place as, but our waiter was excellent. sharp, reads the situation fast, and quick. thank you!
Definitely share entrees. Really tasty pad Thai (love the thick noodles) and Hawaiian mango chicken.
Very nice ambience, but spotty service and mediocre food at high prices.  Malaysian curry was nicely spicy, but served at a scalding temperature and oversalted to the point that it was nearly inedible (and at $14.95 it is the cheapest entree on the menu).  My husband's Vietnamese roast duck ($22.95) was ok, but overly sweet.  Our waitress was friendly, but she forgot our water, and didn't ask whether I wanted chicken or tofu with the curry (just brought me the chicken).  After disappearing entirely for the first half of our dining experience, she then tried to push desserts on us midway through our entrees.  Prices are about 50% higher than they should be for fare this mediocre and timing this poor.  We won't be back.
This is nothing more than a marginal (at best) chinese take-out restaurant aimed at sit down dining. This is NOT fresh food. If you're looking for interesting dishes using all packaged sauces and pre-prepared ingredients, this will be OK. They push the liquor pretty hard, and some drinks are actually quite delicious. For this area that lacks fine dining, it is passable. For any other area featuring decent restaurants, it is not. Overall, it's above average take-out quality, but really overpriced as such. Depending on what you expect out of a meal, you may find this place pleasant. I do not.
Food came out quick, tasted good. Confused by all the empty wine bottles around?
Unfortunately, there is not an option to give this restaurant zero stars. This was one or the worst dining experiences I have ever had. The evening started off with a splash when the waitress spilled my drink all over my lap.  I understand that accidents happen, but she was not particularly apologetic nor was the management who stood by and watched it happen. Too my surprise, the replacement drink they brought out was not complimentary and was charged to my bill at the end of the night.  Nor did they offer to pay the dry cleaning bill, like they did at Cortese when the same thing happened to me. (Shout out to Cortese) There was only one other table the whole time we were there. But when our appetizers arrived approximately 15 minutes elapsed from the time the first appetizer was served until the last person in our party received their appetizer. This happened with our entrees as well and it made our dining experience very awkward. I ordered the Thai Crab Lemongrass stick which was awful. I couldn't find any crab in it and I have no idea what it actually was.  Other people found their appetizers to be sub par as well. For my main course I ordered the Malaysian Curry with Naan. It smelled terrible. It didn't taste quite as bad as it smelled but it was definitely not flavorful or good. No one else that I was with enjoyed their food either. The prices were exorbitant for both the quality of food and the horrible service. There are better Thai restaurants in the area for cheaper prices.  We choose a restaurant based on price, quality of food, and service. All three were missing in this case.
