the lady who works here is so friendly and sociable. she definitely made it a more pleasant experience. I am very happy with my Brazilian, but she missed a noticeable amount of hair on one of my underarms... but other than that, it was great! she's really pleasant, and I'll definitely come back. (oh and if it's your first (or even second,) time... bring a friend to hold your hand.)
Best Waxing Experience! The owner is super friendly and she makes you comfortable immediately. She is very experienced and does an amazing job. The salon is very nice on the inside and prices are extremely reasonable. I would recommend Pretty Kitty to all my friends and everyone in the Binghamton area. Overall, I am a very happy customer.
I had an amazing experience at this salon. Like many others, this was my first time getting a wax and the owner was incredibly accommodating. She even offered us a glass of wine! The salon is very very clean and is really cute too. I had a great first experience I am afraid to go somewhere is back at home ... !!
The owner was absolutely fantastic! I've been looking for a good waxing place in Binghamton and I'm so glad she decided to open up shop here. She did an awesome, thorough job and was very friendly through the whole session. Also it's half off for your first time! Overall happy customer :)
This was my first waxing experience, and Satira made it extremely comfortable. She was friendly and explained what she was doing each step of the way. The salon itself is immaculate. Prices are quite reasonable compared to other salons I had checked out online. I'll definitely be going back there. Highly recommend.
I have been waiting so long for a good waxing place in Binghamton and it's finally here!! The owner is so nice, and she makes the atmosphere as comforting and welcoming as she can. She puts on music you like and offers you tea while you're waiting. The salon itself is cute and very clean. The owner is the one who waxed me (I'm not sure if others work there yet; it's a pretty new place), and she was excellent. She really took her time and made sure all the hairs were gone - worth every penny! I would recommend this place to anybody.
This place is the best!! Beautiful building and the woman who owns it is the sweetest! This was my first time getting a wax and I was terrified!! But it ended up being a really pleasurable experience. They even ask you what music you would like playing during your session. :)
