My husband and I met up with a friend at the Tin Rooster on a Thursday night.    Although it was all you can eat rib night, we opted for other entrees instead. I had the Pit Master which was beef ribs, brisket and kielbasa with two sides.   All were very good and the portion was so big I took half home.   My husband had the chili and a smoked turkey sandwich.  He said both were tasty as was the pork platter that our friend had.   I sampled his mac and cheese and cheesy corn sides - both very tasty! The restaurant itself looks like a barn but that's the whole point - reminded me of a Texas road house (the real thing, not the restaurant). They were giving line dancing lessons by the end time we left which were fun to watch.   One of the other reviewers mentioned Toby Keith's - the only similarity that I saw was that every half hour or so the wait staff rushes to the dance floor to do a quick number.   Very cheesy and definitely something they could do without. Overall good food and good fun - we'll be back!
I love the atmosphere in here!! The music is always on point! I've come here a few times for dinner and everything is always really good. The pulled pork and mac&cheese is my favorite! The crowd is always good on a Saturday night too!! On weekends they have live bands playing which really gets the bar hopping!
we came into Verona and were looking for a place to eat drink and maybe some live music. after looking at all Verona has to offer?..... we decided on the tin rooster. food was very good but the BBQ sauces fell way short. I guess we have been spoiled by the one and only dinosaur BBQ... live music was great and drink prices were reasonable. we would return again considering every thing else hear is a joke.
Yeeee hawwww! We make it up here once a year for an annual professional development conference, and once the day's sessions were over, we were pleased to discover some welcome additions to Turning Stone's entertainment options. Tin Rooster is a venue that's part of Turning Stone's new "EXIT 33" hub - a collection of differently-themed bars and restaurants that also includes 80s/90s rock hall, "The Gig," burlesque-themed dueling piano bar lounge, "Turquoise Tiger," and the centrally-located "Atrium Bar" in the middle of it all.  The existing "Lava Nightclub" has also been bundled into the new "EXIT 33." Tin Rooster is a cover charge-free massive space inside of a barnyard, with vaulted ceilings, lots of exposed wood beams, sit-down seating in the back, a big dance floor, and - oh yeah...plenty of live and DJ country music, covers, remixes and mashups! Their food menu consists of the predictable brisket, mac & cheese, sliders, wings, etc.  I sampled a pulled pork sandwich and it was awesome!  Priced under $10, that's a pretty sweet deal especially considering this is a casino venue.  Bartenders are a mixed bag - Mostly young guys and coyote-ugly esque girls (who know nothing except how to perfectly knot their plaid shirts above their belly buttons). The coolest thing about Tin Rooster though...The men's room!  Head inside and you'll see some kegs carved like pumpkins into perfectly-functioning urinals.  By the sinks, there's bar soaps threaded through steel rods...funny how everything contributes to the overall image.  The men's room is tucked away to the left of the stage (as you're facing it) - it's a bit tricky to find without asking (or reading the last sentence I just wrote) All in all, Tin Rooster is a solid joint for those who want the high energy and dancing, but in more casual form than Lava Nightclub.
My wife and I had a wonderful weeknight dinner at Tin Rooster. The food was excellent. Our server was attentive. And the menu prices were what you'd expect. Don't know what all the complaining is about with some of the folks below. Next time we're at Turning Stone, it's either here or Upstate Tavern.
This place reminded me of Toby Keith's. I was impressed with the service from the manager or whoever he was and my server, but the food was way over priced for what you're getting. If you enjoy Nascar and loud drunks this is your place.
Food is ridiculously overpriced. I would never recommend anyone goes here.  Seriously.  Service was alright but overall wasn't impressed.  If you want to pay filet mignon prices for corn dog quality, check this place out. If you chose this restuarant than I would question your taste in barbecue. The ribs felt like I was chewing shoe leather.
Should have read the reviews here first and not gone to the Tin Rooster. My spouse & I decided to give the Tin Rooster a try.  Food was so, so.  Not sure why all the great reviews have been posted here and to other review boards. They had an all you can eat  Baby Back Ribs ($19.95)  special vs Half * $15 | Whole Rack * $24 so no brainier. Came with corn bread which I passed on and Burnt End Baked Beans,  terrible left them over told server they were bad news, still asked me if I wanted to pack them to go with spouses leftovers, guess he didn't hear me complain. The Baby Back Ribs were acceptable to eat but WOULD NEVER order them again.  Had to use their mustard sauce for flavor.   Spouse had their Beef Short Ribs * $19, they were ok but again would not order them again. Now for the good stuff - House Salad(Mixed Greens, Tomato, Corn Bread Croutons, Buttermilk Ranch * $7) was great enough to share and at $7.00 you want to share it.Salt Potatoes side at $5.00 was very good, came hot and tasty. Red Sangria some of the best around. They push the sides at $5.00 each everything is ala carte. Service was good, Executive staff kept checking on us and every other table.   Total bill with Happy Hour special drafts ($2.76) and wine(3.68) (1 each) over $70.00 with tip.
I was expecting so much more...The restaurant looks nice, the menu is authentic but unfortunately, the food sucked! I thought I was playing it safe by ordering the pork ribs little did I know that would be practically inedible. When I tell you they were salty I am not be dramatic or exaggerating! I am certainly not a health nut or on any kind of low fat, low sodium diet so for me to say they were salty it is the truth. Not just kind of salty I am talking like blood pressure rising, stroke inducing kind of salty! The waiter came over to clear plates and saw that I took two bites out of my food and asked if everything was alright I told him they were horrible his response, Thats too bad have a good new year!! needless to say I called over a manager who took the ribs off the check. Skip this place and head to one of the other good restaurants that are in the Turning Stone Casino.
