Oh my my my! Thank you, other posters for your reviews! This place is a GEM!!!  I will start off by saying I am not from this area. So automatically I get all touristy and take picrures. I took pics of the whole store. AMAZING fresh, colorful produce. And cheese and meat. Now I get up to the counter to order and the young woman was kind of giving me the stink eye because she saw me taking photos. I told her I had found this place on Yelp and her attitude totally changed. She was not nasty at all, I think I scared her with all the pics. I explained the app and the owner or manager came over and listened in and was so happy to hear about the good reviews!   Now to the food. I got a SMALL cheese steak sandwich and a small cup of baked ziti. You can NOT be at the price. And what I got I was shocked. I expected shredded beef with cheese and peppers....this is MEAT folks. Like hearty chunks of delicious MEAT and the bread was toasted and peppers were sweet with a tang. Good golly. Sandwich itself realistically could go for 8-11.00 in my eyes. It's GIANT 2 grown adults would be satisfied on 1 "small" sandwich order. And it's 5.99!!!!   The baked ziti was just as good. I am german/Irish but if I was Italian, I assume this is what my Italian grandmother's pasta would taste like. Awesome. Friendly folks I would recommend this place 1000%.
OMG this place is a little Jewel in the community!!!!! The food is so amazing and for a super good price. Love Love Love their Reuben Subs.. that wt in at 1.2 lbs for a SMALL.  Sunday is wing night here.. and 4lbs of wings later... that are all wonderful favors and done right. I have shopped their butcher dept. and that is also good quality meat at a responsible price.  My best friend is a cannoli freak.. and she has me get the cannoli and bring them to her in Ballston Spa the are so good. Keep up the great food, and i will keep giving you my money!
Ordered a small (8 in.) sausage & pepper sub. It was HUGE (& yummy).  I'm a good eater but 1/2 of it filled the bill and the rest is in the fridge.  Good soups here too.  It's a grocery store so no tables, strictly takeout.
Yummy meats. Cheap meat. Great buys!  So much so that I bought meat in NY, froze it, and brought it back to Ga.  I love mom and pop deli shops.  Oh....yummy hot food too!!! Visited June 2013
Sandwiches are huge, easily get a couple meals out of one. Always a good selection of hot foods and soups available. Best place in town to purchase meats, fresh options at great prices.
Forget a $5 Dollar sub, get a $6.25 monster sandwich from Mazzaferros. They really don't gyp you on meat. If you finish a small I applaud you sir, I applaud you. Like the last guy said, make sure you order over the phone ahead of time as this place gets swamped during lunch.
Had ziti with Italian bread. Always a party favorite. No eat-in so take the delicious food home and enjoy! Don't forget to call ahead to order.
The meat the sell is great.  Also try the fried chicken.  Yum!!
Catered our corporate picnic yesterday. Food arrived on time and every dish was delicious!
