The pigeons and seagulls totally took over the town square, so this place has been campaigning to have larks (from all over the USA) not only introduced into the square, but accepted as equal birds alongside the pigeons and seagulls, who have long discriminated against larks. The first time a lark was able to stay in the square without being chased out, the Buffalo News ran the headline "LARK IN SQUARE", and it stuck, which is how this square got its name. Honest. This is really, really impressive, even by my lofty "I've been everywhere, and seen everything" standards. I can compare it to the Chicago Food Truck festival which my gorgeous, stunningly sexy friend Samantha told me about... where they charge you an arm and a leg just to get in (and not in a cute way like Airport Plaza Jewelers), and they have way less food trucks than here at Larkin. Or perhaps Butantan Food Park in Sao Paulo, Brazil, which all of the yuppies are cray-cray about, but which is overpriced, with really average food. And then there is the Buffalo Food Truck Days at the local malls, which usually have about 10 trucks... which is nice... but it's nothing compared to Larkin. Larkin has like 30 or 40... yes THIRTY OR FORTY food trucks, from all over the 716 and 585, which means, to the non-WNY-ers, that it's all the top trucks from Buffalo and Rochester. All in one place, side by side. Wow! Yes a lot of them are really poor quality (mainly the Buffalo ones... which are tremendously disappointing compared to Rochester, Columbus, NYC and other food trucks), and yes some of them are overpriced... and yes there are very very very long lines for the more popular trucks, especially towards the end of each Tuesday night (like after 6pm). But, there are some great quality ones too (a couple from Buffalo, and plenty of the Rochester ones)... and some of them are pretty good value... and if you get there nice and early (like right at 5pm), there will be almost nobody in line for any truck. So that is what I recommend everyone does, in order to avoid waiting forever and ever to try what you want to try. It's free to get in, there's live entertainment, there's cover in case of the rain, and there's an AMAZING selection. And it's EVERY Tuesday all summer. Buffalo is absolutely spoiled by this thing, and everyone should check it out and be very grateful!
Pickle ball courts are fun/awesome, especially since they provide the paddles/balls. Lot's of seating and the landscaping/flowers look great. The filling station (restaurant) was disappointing though.
I enjoyed a Wednesday night happy hour here and had a great time. It was a very relaxed setting and it wasn't all "crazy drunk people" like Thursday at the Square used to be. There is a small outside bar that sells beer, wine & soda. It had menus laying on it too with some food options but I didn't really pay much attention to them. I opted to order from the Amy's Truck which happened to be there that evening. On the night I was here, there was a band playing in the main stage area - which is covered so you're safe if it rains. I was lucky enough that someone in my party arrived early and got me one of the cushioned chairs underneath. Other people stood or even brought chairs with them. The whole set-up of this is super convenient. There is free parking in the ramp and an ATM right in Larkin Square.
Ever since I discovered Larkin Square a few years ago, I was in disbelief (the good kind). This is Buffalo?! They did such an amazing job renovating this completely destitute space and making it into a destination. Kudos to all involved in this massive project. It's the perfect place for an outside festival. There's a stage area, bar and a lot of comfortable furniture to hang back and relax. During the day, you can come outside and hang back with free Wifi. During the spring and summertime, they began organizing Food Truck Tuesdays. Every Tuesday, about 30+ trucks gather here and thousands of people come by for an evening of food, music and deliciousness. Trucks from Rochester even drive down for the event. I love it. Overall, I'm absolutely psyched that this space exists in Buffalo. They even do a few winter events (with heated lamps!) and are constantly hosting festivals: from markets, to car shows, to bike festivals, FT Tuesday and more. Next time you see an event at Larkin, don't miss out!
This is what Buffalo has been waiting for forever.  In my opinion.  It's a draw to bring people downtown, and outside.  I'll admit, I only frequent this place on Tuesday nights when it's loaded with food trucks and people.   Given that however, it is a brilliant time!  I was here last Tuesday (5/13) and was surprised at all the trucks that were there!  It was hard to chose which items to taste, and even harder to wait in line.  There was a live band playing some relaxing country tunes, a few types of beer and wine available, enough parking, and plenty of people to talk with. The city truly comes to life down here on a Tuesday night.  Even if you're not a fan or frequent guest of some of Buffalo's amazing trucks, this is a great place to bring friends or the family just to get outside and enjoy some of what the city has to offer in terms of hospitality and good fun.  It was remeniscent of nights in Carolina where you can almost forget about the fact that we were dark and snowy for the last 8 months.  :)
I've been to Larkin Square in the past and this previous Tuesday, I went again to enjoy some Food Truck Tuesday. I love that Larkin Square exists in Buffalo. It's certainly a multipurpose area as there are several different types of events. From Food Truck Tuesday to the author series to Live at Larkin on Wednesdays, there is something for everyone. Not only are the events free but there is also free parking! While I'm looking forward to more visits to Larkin Square this summer, it isn't just a summer venue. There are events into the fall and winter months! Check out larkinsquare.com for a list of current events! Stop by to relax on the chairs, grab something from a food truck, or play some pickleball!
Nice relaxing venue. Wednesdays are dedicated to music which include some food trucks. Beer/wine is available. This evening I ordered a $7 Cuban pork sandwich from the Whole Hog food truck. Excellent choice, well worth the price. The pork was hot and tender with the right mix of extras all on a 6 inch hogie roll. If you enjoy good music, good food and an outside relaxing venue then Larken Square is the place for you to be on Wednesday from 5-8 pm. Enjoy.
I had absolutely no idea that this was here. And in driving around the area, I realized how many gorgeous brick buildings are in this area. Why aren't they converted to AFFORDABLE loft apartments yet?! :) Anyway, I came here for the Tuesday Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised. My friend Missy and I got here right at 5pm and there was PLENTY of parking on Hydraulic Way, behind the venue, in a couple of huge gravel lots. I would recommend getting here close to 5 if you can. 30 minutes later, there were lots of people, and at 6:30 when we were leaving it was PACKED. At 5pm, I was able to walk right up to the 2 food trucks I wanted to try out. No lines. LOVE. There is actually a ton of seating here, and tables too... The problem is, people will plunk down their stuff and Grandpa and go walk around while 10 chairs (oh actually 9, not counting Grandpa's seat) and 2 tables are taken up with no one sitting there! I hate when people do this! I see why you do it, but it's totally unfair. By the time you decide on your meal, my friend and I could have finished ours, in the shade at an actual table. UGH. Missy and I sat on the ledge of the patio for a bit, and my noodle bowl was a chore to eat in this position. A couple were getting up at the table near us and offered their seats to us before they left. That was really nice. So we finally got a table! The cool thing I realized though while sitting on the patio edge was that there were fresh basil plants growing behind me! I kept getting a sniff of basil but thought it might be my noodles. A dude was cutting some for "making sandwiches" he said. He was affiliated with the event somehow since there were professional photogs taking his pic while he did this. I just hope they didn't get my love handles in the shot. HAHA! But if they did, well good for me. HA! The only thing I would have loved to see is more recycling options. I put my water bottle in the garbage and didn't get a warm feeling from that but I couldn't find a recycling bin. Anyway, I love this place. I love the Happy Hour concept. I hope this continues forever.
I'm a huge fan of  "all things Larkin"! It is rare to find a place that blends business and pleasure so cohesively. This unique community within a community has a very creative and collective atmosphere. All productive and positive vibes coming from here.   Larkinville effortlessly celebrates the heritage and architectural wonder of the past, while providing state of the art facilities and contemporary cultural tastes (Food Truck Tuesdays, Live at Larkin Wednesdays, Larkin Square author series, and more! ). The is kind of  tangible (REAL) development the City needs to progress. Larkinville is leading by example. I hope this is the catalyst for future projects this innovative! Very impressed, and you will be too!
Downgrading to two stars from the perspective of someone who works near the Square. Square 1 Sandwiches is now gone and The Grill will not open this season for lunch. Lunch at Larkin Square is no longer a viable option. The Filling Station is overpriced for the quality and no other consistent option exists aside from a rotating group of single food trucks.  The transformation to an event-only area is now complete.
Citizens of Buffalo, please find this amazingly lively, bright and wholly unexpected community space hidden amidst the abandoned buildings of deindustrialized Buffalo's East Side. Say what??? I guess by now, almost a year after I first discovered its existence, it's not so surprising and unexpected anymore. But I haven't ventured out here until recently, so until now a place this amazing smack-dab in the middle of the East Side seemed more like a dream. Colorful chairs are arranged across vibrantly green grass and cute tables fill a giant gazebo. This is surrounded on one side by a spacious courtyard and on the other by an open space that is home to a Square 1 Sandwiches and a couple other cafes. From what I know, this place is also home to a variety of market stalls on weekdays and a venue for concerts during the warmer half of the year. The food trucks often frequent this spot during lunch hours, and the ever increasing number of food trucks convene here on Tuesday evenings during the summer. Yay!! I haven't been here during the day yet, but if it's anywhere near as awesome as it is in the evening hours....I can't wait to explore more this summer!
A pleasant surprise in the downtown area. I'm not sure how often the concert series is, but I highly recommend checking this out. It's just a really nice setup for a relaxed night out with friends. And free parking! Drinks are cheap. It's $5 for a glass of Lucky Star Pinot Noir or Chardonnay. They are served in plastic cups, which is less than ideal... but, it's a picnic type setting so it does make it a little better. They have Rusty Chain and Coors Lt drafts for $5 as well. The uniform pricing seems a but high for a Coors Lt, but it does speed up the lines to get drinks since everything is the same price. There are awesome couch-like circular covered "huts" that you can snag if you get there early enough. Otherwise, you can bring a blanket and sit in the grass or bring your own chairs. The band that was playing last night was so chill that it was kind of a snoozer, so maybe bring a sleeping bag? If you do find yourself being lulled to sleep then I encourage you to use the numerous hula hoops laying in the grassy areas to get up and get moving. Another major draw of this event is the shops and food trucks set up alongside the park. Everything from produce to jewelry is sold by vendors renting space in the area. Amy's food truck had a line that stretched past the snow cone and biscotti vendors. It was a veritable playground for the taste buds. This is a fun event for the whole family. Challenge your co-workers to a game of pickle ball. Let your kids pound of the keys of the pianos on the wooden decks leading to the concert area. Cuddle in the grass with your sweetheart with an ice cream cone. Buffalo summers demand this kind of outdoor venue, so go check this place out!
Went late - about 7:30 PM. and most of the food trucks were sold out of most of their offerings. It was kind of a relief though, because it would have been too much delicious to choose from. Rochester's Brick and Motor truck had lots to offer and it was exotically influenced and great - Malaysian mussels, pork tacos, Asian noodle salad and Crackwiches - go get one yourself to know what this is. The mussels and tacos had fresh cilantro and peaches! I'm very suspicious of fruit, especially warm fruit, but this was fruit like an herb and it was excellent. I want the Hello Arepa truck from Rochester now. I'm feeling greedy. Next time I'm getting there a little bit earlier because I want a lobster slider from Knight Slider almost so much it hurts.
My new favorite place in Buffalo! I can't believe this place even exists, just a couple miles outside downtown.  Walk into the square and you will forget you're even in Buffalo - I felt like I was on vacation. How to define it? Music venue with great performers, marketplace with rotating vendors in cute little stalls, recreational area with hula hoops and pickleball court, bar and food area with multiple options (Square 1, Filling Station and the Grill). Comfy, eclectic chairs and sofas are everywhere - there are a couple covered areas where you are protected from the elements but still feel like you're outside.   Words don't do this area justice - just get your butt down there and check it out.  Well done, Buffalo!
So there is this new really cool outdoor space in Buffalo. Where? On the Eastside. No really, where? Really on the Eastside. C'mon, what is this some kind of joke? No joke, it's a super well designed public outdoor space off Seneca street by the Larkin building. Where's that? Behind the first Niagara Building you see from the 190. Oh, really? That is how I imagine the conversation with people will go when I tell them how sweet this place really is. I went to Larkin Square for lunch today to check out Lloyd's Taco truck. They were busy so I headed over to Square 1 Sandwich. (which is good by the way) While waiting for my sandwich I scoped out this Larkin Square I keep hearing about and noticed how really awesome this place is. I mean it had quite a bit of people chilling out enjoying their lunches outside. Some good options to eat at (Lloyds was there, filling station, square 1, a hot dog cart vendor, the grill) Plenty of cozy seats. Nice flowers and vegetation lining the sidewalks. I mean nothing you would expect to be on the east side of Buffalo. Felt like I was in L.A. or San Diego enjoying public outdoor space. Totally wanted to just sit down for a while and soak up the vibe. Might have to come back and see what this pickleball court is about too.
In the midst of an industrial landscape laid out along Seneca Street, Larkin Square is a lovely manmade oasis. It's fed, I'm told, by ample streams of money and hope. And it's blooming like whoa. This place is nearly perfect, from the free and easy parking nearby to the reasonably-priced food and quality entertainment. If Seamus Gallivan of the Good 'Hood weren't already one of my favorite people in Buffalo, he would have become so after my first Live at Larkin concert here. This one featured Gruvology, one of his commonly-booked local bands. Watching parents and kids swinging and swaying to Bob Marley covers from a comfortable chair in the grass, eating a fancy sandwich from Square 1 Sandwiches and sipping on locally-brewed Flying Bison Beer, I was about the happiest I've ever felt in this town. This place attracts all kinds of people, from boomers to millenials and every generation in between. While the Wednesday events certainly showcase the space, Larkin Square also seems like a great lunchtime destination, as you've got three sweet spots to choose from: - The Grill, an open-air gathering place smack dab in the middle - The Filling Station, a cafe built in an old gas station serving healthy, upscale fare - The Square 1 Sandwiches, a kind of stationary food truck of sorts serving Stumptown Coffee and tasty gourmet sandwiches in the $5-10 range. Another big win for New Buffalo. I'm so, so excited to see what happens to this space, and how Buffalo's best and brightest put it to good use.
Larkin Square is truly a gem in Buffalo. Every once in a while I bring my toddler with me after work to meet up with my husband for various events. They usually involve food truck Tuesdays and Live at Larkin on Wednesdays for various music performances. Both are very family friendly and enjoyable, especially after a long day at work. The whole set up from outside furniture, food/drink vendors and over all pleasant atmosphere make this place a go to place from spring to fall.
This place is absolutely gorgeous and reminds me of a hotel resort.  Brightly colored comfortable furniture scattered about grassy areas and an enormous gazebo, I'm going to go ahead and call the Larkin Square the coolest spot in all of Buffalo.  There are tons of food options w/ Square 1 Sandwiches, the Grill Station, and the Filling Station all there.  And now they have an enormous big screen to play the Olympics from 11A-11P w/ speakers scattered throughout the park so you can basically watch from anywhere.  There are little market stalls which are open MWTh and a pickleball court in the back.  I WANT TO LIVE HERE.
Stopped in for Food Truck Tuesday and not only enjoyed some great food (Brick -n- Motor from Rochester-- excellent pork steam bun, great Gelato from Gelato Gypsy, and pulled pork Mac -n- cheese from Macarollin'), but also took the open-air auto bus architecture tour, and saw parts of Buffalos industrial past I never knew existed!  Great information provided by our guide.  Loved the vibe at the Larkin District.  Great new entertainment space in Buffalo!
