Probably the best tacos ever served by two excellent dudes who might also throw in some free rocking guitar jams (the guitars aren't just decoration). If it's your first time, get the taco trio and ask for the salsa on them. I always get them spicy, and it's delicious. Their salsa is really good too. Fish tacos Friday are pretty darn good too.
The owner is super friendly and the decor is bright & fun.  This place is super tasty. I got the 3 tacos and tried all three meats. My favorite was the shredded pork and ground beef. The taco shells are perfectly crispy and the beans and rice are yummy! The salsa was also tasty and had sown type if smokiness to it, oh and the home made chips were bomb. Must try!!? Fridays they have fish tacos so I will definitely be back to try those out. Coming from Southern California and craving Mexican this place truly hit the spot!! The only reason I would say it's a 4/5 stars is they charge extra for guac and sour cream :( no bueno but hey people gotta make a living right.
I was eating at two tones a few times a week when it first opened. Fish tacos Friday are very good. Only complaint is the rice is very plain and chicken they use is so-so salsa out of a jar? Reasonable atmosphere but overall is a decent restaurant. Haven't seen much action at two tones as of late. Is it still open?
If you enjoy grease filled chicken tacos then this is the place for you. If you enjoy quality food for the same exact price you're better off going to chipotle or moes. If you enjoy cheap, but good just go to Taco Bell. Plus all those other places won't take as long as this place did.......you're welcome :)
I go out of my way to go to Two Tones! The freshest, most delicious food anywhere. Great hospitality. Just right!
Excellent value, and a great switch up from Chipotle. I'd rather support independent businesses when I can. Got the taco trio and wife got the quesadilla, and they were pretty tasty.... Especially in an area that has next to no one from Mexico.
Two tones tacos was really great. It was like I was back west, eating at a taco shack with my cousin even though I'm in upstate ny. Really friendly service and prices are so worth drooling over and so is the food! I got their three taco deal with a soda. It came with Spanish rice and refried beans, the real kind that most northerners won't know of. I got one beef shredded pork and shredded chicken and my favorite was the pork followed by the chicken with the ground beef trailing behind. Overall it was super tasty and I'll be back and take friends and family wen I'm in the area. Great for locals and travelers alike in my opinion. It beats the pants off of any fast food place hands down.
Pros - Delicious burritos.  Made fresh to order.  Owner is a sweetheart.  The "Tones" break into random guitar jams.  Casual and welcoming vibe.  Not shitty like Moe's. Cons - Wasn't too impressed with the chicken soft taco.  The rice is not all that "authentic".  The guacamole had to be from a jar or can.  It's waaaay too smooth.  Reminds me of the frozen guac from Trader Joe's.
Great local food should always be sought out. Tony (and son) are great hosts. Grab a guitar while you're waiting for your food and one of the Tony's may come jam with you while stuff is cooking. Fresh, well put together food. Made to order. Get dessert while you're there. Well done, fellas!
The customer service is frigging amazing and the tacos are delicious! Yelp told me this review was too short so I was going to take a photo of my food but I ate it all...even the brownie bites...
You can take the girl out of California but not California out of the girl. Two Tones served its purpose to satisfy my Mexican food craving but it doesn't compare to a taqueria in the LBC. However I am pleased to report that their rice and beans are vegetarian. Yay! I ordered a vegetarian burrito and to enhance the flavor a bit I added some pickled jalapeños and asked for the hot salsa. I'll be back but still miss the days of avocado tacos in the Sunshine State.
This is a awesome restaurant! With great service. I had the soft shelled taco with rice chicken cheese salsa and re-fried beans! IT WAS SO GOOD!!!!!!!! And did I mention that I got a free lollipop?!       Harry K , Eden K , and Robert K
Cheap great eats! The owner big Tony is hysterical!! The taco shells are not soft not hard they are right in the middle and perfect!   The guacamole is outta this world. The fried ice cream is also fantastic hence the give stars. I recommend the taco trip! Plus they also played music while we ate. Never been to a place like this in the area. Definitely recommend this to Mexican food lovers
Food was good i guess but the queso tasted like it was out of a jar of walmart brand. The portions were not only pathetic but i got the chimechangas and they made me feel like a giant they were so small. They better straighten up pedros down the road is way way way better!
Awesome food and interesting atmosphere. Great homemade food with a comfortable place to relax.
GREAT cheap lunch, made quickly and the staff was super friendly. It's a little sparse inside, but they're just getting started. HIGHLY recommended for breakfast, lunch, or a quick dinner.
I want to like Two Tone's Tacos more then I actually do. I went for lunch with my son, we ordered a kids quesadilla and added shredded chicken the kids meal came with a small fountain drink and a few tortilla chips with nothing to dip them in. I got the tacos, 2 beef and 1 shredded pork they came with re-fried beans and spanish rice I ordered a Gatorade to drink. The total came to 15 bucks which isn't terrible, but not great for me and a 4 yr old either. The kids quesadilla wasn't bad the shredded chicken had good flavor but was a bit dry. The beef tacos were very bland not much flavor going on at all the pico and guacamole were there best part. The shredded pork taco was actually pretty good a lot more flavor then the beef. I have to agree with the part of EM's review regarding the beans and rice. Beans=Bland, Rice=Stale I would rather eat Taco Bells re-fried beans and spanish rice out of a pouch then eat the ones I was served. I really want to support Two Tones, the owner was very friendly and cares about the food. You can tell how much he wants it to work, but with many other options in the area I don't know if it will. I'm definitely willing to give this place another shot and hopefully I can update this review with a couple stars if not, I will be getting my Mexican cuisine at one of the other local spots.
This place is awesome. I have been there for both breakfast and lunch. When I went in for lunch my wife and I split the loaded burrito special. We both had more than enough to satisfy our appetites and we were certain the food was great. That was until I had the breakfast burrito 15 minutes ago and realized their Mexican food is in a whole different stratosphere for this area, it reminded me of getting a breakfast burrito in California. I've already been a repeat customer and will definitely be going again. If you want to try something new for breakfast that nobody else in the area offers, I highly recommend trying "The Mexican" breakfast burrito!
Very pleasant staff. Clean and cute inside. Had the taco special. Was very good. I will return
I'm sorry but i must not have had a similar experience. the tacos were extremely greasy (which i wouldn't mind if there was flavor). when the most flavorful part of the taco is the corn tortilla and the lettuce you know its bland. the owners were nice but if the food is so exceptional there really is no need to boast about it like they did when i was ordering. tacos=bland, refried beans=bland, rice=stale, quac= bland and lacked any citrus. will not be back unless dragged by hot girlfriend.
Just tried this place. Delicious! The soft shell taco that is somehow fried/grilled is sooo good. Great interior and such nice staff/owners. Had to wait a few minutes for a table but it was worth it. The ground beef taco is very good and the pulled pork is AWESOME! Best in town, hands down! They close at 8pm so don't be late :)
Really good.  I'm no Mexican expert but seemed authentic, not Tex-Mex style.  Service was fine and the meal was prepared quickly.  Portions were fine.  Only minor gripe is that the menu is somewhat limited, which might turn out to be a good thing as it would let them concentrate on making a few dishes really well.
This restaurant has only been open a couple of weeks, but already I've been here several times -- once to eat in and twice for take out. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered, but I think my favorite item so far was the fish taco! (Think delicate fish in a soft taco with tasty extras on top!) They're usually served on Friday, but I lucked out and got two for lunch today, Saturday. The fish, which was batter dipped and fried, was so tender and moist! Usually I don't eat much fried food, but this was delish! And my daughter and I indulged in an oatmeal butterscotch cookie for dessert -- wow! Don't walk, RUN to Two Tones' Tacos, and try whatever's on the menu that strikes your fancy. And while you're there, introduce yourself to the guys who run the place, so *you* can become a "regular" too. You won't be sorry you did!
