Had dinner at Teddy's in Rome, NY this evening.  This restaurant came recommended from our hotel.  I was told this is the best restaurant in town, so I went to check it out.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall.  Inside, the décor is very dated and almost has a cafeteria feel to it.  The music playing overhead was "freeze frame" when I walked in.  At this point, I was worried. When we sat down, our waiter came over and was VERY nice.  They didn't have any specials, but there were a few menu items that they were known for.  So I ordered them all!  The first was the Italian greens, which was Sauteed Escarole with Garlic, capicola, salami, hot chili peppers and Romano cheese.  It was actually very tasty.  We don't see a lot of escarole in Texas, so it totally of reminded me of home.  The escarole was lightly sautéed in olive oil and the capicola and romano cheese gave it that distinct Italian flavor. The peppers provided a little heat, but it was a comfortable spicy and really, that's the way I like it. My entrée was their special:  "Chicken Riggies" .  I was told that this dish had won the Utica Riggie fest 4 years running and that the dish was in the Utica Riggie fest hall of fame!   So, now I'm excited!!  "Chicken Riggies" was a rigatoni pasta dish in a white wine, tomato cream sauce with sweet peppers, mushrooms, onions and black olives.  It had small cubes of chicken and optional hot cherry peppers, which I chose to get.  This dish was delicious and the portion size was very generous.  The pasta was cooked al dente and the white wine, tomato cream sauce was very rich. The cherry peppers provided just the right amount of heat.   My parents came down to meet me for dinner and I tried their food to, of course.  My Dad got the center cut sirloin steak.  Sirloin is such a lean meat and because of the lack of fat, it winds up being very dense, although it was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  I also thought it could have been seasoned a little better.  It was a bit bland. Aside from the 80's rock music and the dated décor, the food was very good at Teddy's.  Very enjoyable meal.
Have like i do with most places before i write a review tried it a couple of times. My first visit order the Reuben and it was good, fresh and service was excellent. The place is out of date, but as long as the food was good. Second visit was not so good, food was cold and everything was pre made frozen... fries are out of a bag, not fresh, my BLT sandwich was dry and burnt, my spouses meal was very cold and bland. Not sure if it was an off evening but second day, it was bad. Probably will not return to this place
This place needs some serious updating, it is by far the tackiest restaurant that I have ever been to.  Luckily though they make a fantastic grilled chicken sandwich!
I went to Teddy's for the second time today. The food was just okay, nothing special. I ordered a grilled pizza and my mom ordered a chicken panini. The pizza crust was a little too thick, but was still okay. The panini was lacking in flavor and could have been made by anyone in their own kitchen. The last time I was there I tried the Sunflower Chicken Pasta and it was pretty good. The service was good and everyone seemed friendly. The decor is a little strange and could use some help. There is an overabundance of teddy bears of all shapes, colors and sizes along with numerous posters/pictures related to Teddy Roosevelt.
This is my first time to New York and I was told I had to try the Chicken Riggies. Excellent!!!!  This is the first time I have ever had these. The sauce was creamy and rich in flavor. The noodles and chicken were both done nicely. The serving size is huge and I only ate about half of it. One thing to avoid: the chips and salsa. These were on special for $1.99 tonight. I got them simply because I'm a huge salsa lover. The salsa here was okay; however, i expected that at an Italian restaurant. The chips were horrible. Plain and tasted heated in a microwave. I'm not removing a star for the chips simply because I ordered on a whim and didn't expect much. The experience was great, great service, and great food.
Passing through the Rome area & reached out for some Yelp advice to fill my belly. I wasn't necessarily hunting chicken riggies, but after reading the reviews for Teddy's, I decided it was the place to go. Our waitress was great! Super friendly & fast. The Yelp highlights mentioned the amazing onion rings & french onion soup, so of course we had to try both before our meal. The onion rings were absolutely enormous! Like.. the size-of-a-babies-head-huge. Very crispy on the outside & soft, tender onion center. Perfect, and probably the best I've ever had. The soup was equally delicious and definitely would order again. My date had the buffalo chicken salad, which she loved. Be advised that they don't offer ranch dressing here, but some of the other house dressing are great! Now, what you've been waiting for.. my chicken riggies review. Well, I say that with fear that I may be hunted down over bashing the 3-time local riggy champions, they were just "okay." Actually, they tasted somewhat like the Stouffer's frozen riggies that you'd get at Wal-Mart. I know, I know.. they are "famous" here.. but, the chicken was very plain and unseasoned.. the peppers were almost too crisp and underdone.. and the sauce was watered down tasting. Maybe this is what their customers are after, but to me, it didn't have that "cooks in the kitchen slaving over a hot stove all day" kind of taste to them. And for that, it is literally the only reason I'm holding back the 5th star. Everything else about this place is perfect, and the other menu items looked great, too! So, I'll definitely be back to try something else soon!
Eggplant parmesan, excellent. Not a big fan of pasta dishes but their "chicken riggi" was great. You can't beat the $10 lunch buffet with a really fresh salad bar, none of that brown lettuce like most places give you on buffet lines. Would definitely go again and recommend to anyone in the area.
Stopped in after a hockey game.  Excellent, friendly service.  Our waiter, Ryan, was welcoming and helpful.   We were happy to see Switchback ale, as you can't get it most places.  We stuck with Yelp's recommendations but everything looked good.  The onion rings were delicious and a half order was plenty for an appetizer. We enjoyed the chicken  riggis, which are very rich -- as they should be.  Portions are generous, food is fresh and there's something for everyone on the menu.   Lots of families who looked to be regulars were enjoying dinner.   Highly recommended.  So much better than the chains.
The fried artichoke hearts were delicious, great cocktails (especially the Bloody Mary), sandwiches hit the spot even though I only ate half of my Reuben to save room for the amazing hot caramel apple pie dessert!!! Friendly and fast service... No complaints!
I've traveled to Rome on a number of occassions, but on my first visit there I went to Teddy's and as Larry Z mentioned, they are widely known for their Chicken Riggies. When traveling to a new and/or small town, I always want to try what the Locals rave about and attempt not to deviate from the norms there. I tried their chicken riggies and this pasta dish was creamy with a little bite at the same time. The chicken in the pasta dish, like many other restaurants, take grilled chicken and toss them in the sauce base..which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The restaurant was packed on that summer night, and was a retreat for locals to get away from that thunderstorm during that evening. The atmosphere is casual and the demographics was from early 20 somethings to the seniors.
Came down to visit my girlfriend in Rome, NY and she decided to take me to a restaurant called Savoy's. It turns out that Savoy's was closed on Monday until 4pm, but opened at 1130am on Tues - Friday. So we decided to look around for other places to eat and came across this gem. The place was pretty easy to find, but from the outside, this place looked like a typical ma and pop owned pizza place. When we walked in, we found that it was very spacious and lots of seating. We were quickly greeted and seated. The menu had a good amount of items. We decided to order the Sausage Riggies, which the restaurant is supposedly known for, and the chicken marsala. Each dish came with a salad and bread. On the menu it said that we had a choice of either a side salad or a caesar salad, but we were never asked to choose. We were brought out a side salad, which looked like a regular typical restaurant salad. When our food came out, we were shocked to see how BIG the portions were. I am a pretty big guy and I must say these portions were even big for me! The Riggies tasted amazing! The sauce was something I've never tasted before and was so delicious and tasty. The only thing negative I would have to say about this was that I ordered Sausage Riggies, but was brought out Chicken Riggies. It made no difference as soon as I tasted it, but still would have liked to get what I ordered. My girlfriend's chicken marsala was delicious also! The chicken was cooked perfectly and the pasta and sauce brought the whole dish together. Overall this place had exceptional food and the staff was very kind and friendly! Definitely try this place out if your ever get the chance!
If you get a chance to enjoy the affordable buffets that Teddy's puts on, it is will worth the $10. The Riggies are excellent. I have never walked away feeling hungry after eating at Teddy's.
I LOVE Teddys. The service is usually very good and the food it very consistent. The chicken riggies are my favorite but the sausage riggies are also very good. Chicken masala is awesome also. They definitely know how to make pasta dishes. They have one with linguine chicken, broccoli, pepper and tons of garlic that is spectacular (can't remember the name on the menu) Their bread is also very good. We had our rehearsal dinner there and they did a great job with that as well. We had a few extra people last minute and they were super accommodating.
I'm in Rome for just a couple nights, so I tried this place to get some local color.  It was OK.  The chicken riggies was more food than I could eat for three dinners, and it was just OK.  Nothing too special.  Just chicken and peppers and mushrooms in a pretty heavy pasta sauce.  The atmosphere was very friendly and inviting, though, so I would probably recommend it to other out-of-towners and transients like me.
Was staying at the Turning Stone Resort for a conference and had to get out of the casino.  Checking Yelp, it seemed like there were quite a few restaurants in Rome and Teddy's topped the list.  We were glad we found it! Now this is how old school Italian should taste!   Great bread.  Tangy red sauce, veal parmigania, and great spaghetti.  I took a piece of coconut cream pie with me back to the hotel and had a delicious dessert that cost fraction of what it would have cost to order room service. Overall dinner was very reasonable.  Decor was a little schmaltzy with teddy bears hanging from every wall. The owners heard that we were from out of town and came over and spoke to us.  It was a great touch of small town hospitality that is rarely seen in Los Angeles and it capped off a great evening.   Next time I'm in the area, I'll be back!
Good iced tea & friendly service. We each had different chicken pasta dishes. My husband could've choked on his it was so tough & dry. My Marsala was equally as bad, although moist it was flavorless.
I lived in Rome for 18 years before I went to college. When I got engaged I brought my now husband there to try their famous chicken riggies. He was in love with the dish. Their normal riggies are a little spicy for me, so I asked them to make mine less spicy without peppers. It was as good as I remember. The portions are huge (it fills you up quick because it's pasta, chicken, and a heavy cream sauce) but heats up great for lunch the next day! I continue to go back here when I come home to visit my family and now my husband asks to come here too!
I was not expecting too much but was nicely surprised. Instead of the fish fry special I asked to have it baked and have rice rather than fries. No problem at all. The slaw saw very good and the fish perfectly cooked. Will return if ever in Rome again. Nice understated environment.
TR is my fav President so I was my standards on delivering a restraunt themed on him was high. This place really delivered. Great variety of food, very inexpensive food and great atmosphere. They even gave my son little Teddy Bears after our meal. Chicken Riggies are delicious..
Love it!  Their menu is enormous.
Best chicken riggies by far!  Fantastic food every time.  Fast, friendly service.
One of the best places in Rome. It is locally owned and it was renovated maybe 10 years ago. The chicken riggies have won some first place award so many times they don't enter anymore because they were always winning. Delicious, i like the mashed potatoes with turkey panini also. Don't go right when they will be closing, the food will not be as fresh. If you go around normal lunch or dinner it will be great!
Greasy and not so fresh food. Would not recommend.
Great food Great Service Very Clean!!!!!
Always consistent and clean.  I had the BBQ brisket and cheddar sandwich.  Tasty and good.  Fries are okay but nothing special, and I didn't want to pay the upcharge for sweet potato wedges.
Ate dinner here August 30, 2013 after finding it on Yelp: nice ambience, friendly staff, quick service. Best part was the FRESH salads. And that I could eat one with a Cosmo on the side. Kid friendly too! The Teddy Roosevelt paraphernalia on the walls was cool to look at; wish they were all originals rather than mostly repros.
"Microwave chicken".  The bread was amazing.  I just wasn't overly impressed by the microwave tasting food.
Teddy's is a great local restaurant in Rome, NY. I do a lot of traveling for work and some locals recommended I check this place out. I have gone back at least once every time I've traveled in the area. They are known for their "World Famous" Chicken Riggies, which is a pasta dish with chicken, peppers, onions, mushrooms, olives in a creamy wine sauce. I can't really say for sure if they are "World Famous" but I will say they are fantastic. The menu states that the recipe has claimed the Chicken Riggie title 3 years in a row and is now in the "Hall of Fame." The restaurant is American pub style that leans a bit on the Italian dishes. Their French onion soup is bubbly and delicious. They have great appetizers including beer battered onion rings. They have Sandwiches, Salads, Veal, Steak, Seafood, Italian Pasta dishes and more. They also make all their own deserts including coconut cream pie. This is the fourth time I have been to Teddy's and will definitely go back when I'm in the area; I might actually come back next week. The one knock I have is the last time I was in there the waitress seemed to either be very uncomfortable or trying to rush us out. That being said, it could have just been a bad night for her and it won't deter me from not going back. I LOVE ME SOME CHICKEN RIGGIES
Good service. Good portions. Nice place would recommend and will go there again. Great steak and amazing chicken riggies.
