What can you say, the food is very good, the service is fast and friendly, and you won't break the bank. Ambieance  is not the best but who cares.
Okay, not much of a looker but pretty great, made from scratch recipes that have been handed down from generation to generation. This is a family owned and operated restaurant and you can tell that by tasting the food. We had a group of about 10 people and everyone's dishes looked delicious. On top of that, they have a huge dessert bar- something different every day. We took home a little bit of everything and it was all divine. Why 3 stars you ask? The service. We had made reservations and arrived a little early so not having a seat right away is certainly understandable. However, we did not get seated until 20 mins after the set reservation and were told they were busier than they had planned. Bad move, Vescio. But they gave us their best waitress and delivered pretty consistent service once we were sat. Like some others have said, don't take a first date here or plan to have a luxurious experience with family and friends on a night out. This is a place you come to when you want a no frills, tasty dinner that didn't come from your own kitchen.
It may not look like much on the outside, but the food and service was great. The menu is extensive, so there should be something for everyone in your group. I tried the Vodka Chicken and Artichokes, and it was fantastic!  However, please realize your meal will easily feed two!  It came with a basket of bread, a large house salad, and a main course that MOUNDED on the plate.  We made the mistake of ordering an appetizer (because the fried calamari sounded too good to pass up . . . and it was), but it left us to take most of our main courses home!
I was visiting family and we decided to do dinner. I asked for something local and after hearing a few names and reading reviews I chose The Franklin. This place looks rather rough on the outside and the inside, but I think that is what makes it so different. The garlic butter and fresh Italian bread with every meal is amazing. I can describe it as an unbaked garlic bread. Fabulous and I could seriously go there, just eat that and be happy. The antipasto salad was alright. The house dressing on it was very good, but beyond that I was not really happy. My Caesar salad was overdressed and nothing special. I would next time get a regular salad with the house dressing. My lasagna was a great size, but it had too much sauce on the top and not enough in the layers. It also needed some mozzarella cheese so it was not so dry. The in restaurant bakery looked pretty good, but nothing really stood out enough to order for dessert. Our waitress that night was very busy. There are no busyboys so she had to bus her own tables which slowed her down. They need busboys and a few more waitresses. I will return here, but probably something different then the lasagna.
I had a hard time with the rating. It's between a 2 and 3.  Three because the entrees were excellent. The salad was cold and crisp. The bread and butter were 2+.  The waitress offered us a table right in line with the bathrooms. Yuck. Got some attitude when we asked to be seated elsewhere.  The biggest disappointment was that an elderly man, presumably the owner, showed up and the wait staff went into OMG mode.  He was taking them away from customers to straighten rugs and turn on lights.  He walked around the room using chairs to steady himself.  Greeted regulars but totally ignored us (first time there).  It really took away from the relaxed dining that we hoped for.
A 'not to be missed' dining experience, The Franklin is bustling, congenial and consistently good. Even though the menu is massive, the wait staff won't need to go back to the kitchen to check on an ingredient - they'll know it. Daily specials cover all the bases. Greens are legendary - and deserve to be. Place always has lots of regulars but is very welcoming to those that aren't.
I agree with Terry H.'s review of  the Franklin, which is right on-point. Definitely not a great place to take a date...until maybe the third or fourth date when you've gotten to know each other a little better and can say "This place may not impress you with its looks, but the vodka sauce can't be beat anywhere!" I didn't really want to like this place the first time I came here, until I tried that vodka sauce, and now, after almost 15 years I've still yet to find a better rendition.
I'm not sure if five stars is accurate.  But I'm still in disbelief at the quality of a steak I had at FH two nights ago.  A couple of weeks ago, I paid $30 CDN for a steak that was tough, fatty and overcooked.  Two nights ago, I paid $14 at an unassuming and dimly lit restaurant for a steak that came with about 4 pounds of potatoes and broccoli.   I wouldn't say it was the best steak I've ever had.  But I think it may have been the most perfectly cooked to order steak I've ever had.  "Medium rare" is beyond the grasp of many talented "chefs," but this was right on the money: a generous cut, prepared simply and cooked to within five seconds of perfection.  I didn't meet a rough patch or nubbin once. Also, the broccoli was cooked pretty well.  This is less of an achievement.  But most places like this cook greens to death.  And then recook them when they're ordered.  Slightly undercooked is the way to go. Obviously, five stars is contextual.  The Utica greens are a bit heavy.  You could do better at the 2-day-old salad bar at Pizza Hut than with the perfunctory "salad" here.  And you'll have to be happy with UC or Genny (who wouldn't be?) because Carlo Rossi is about as nice as it gets on the other side. But, goddamn.  The steak. Oh, yeah, and six pints of beer, two entrees, a plate of hot peppers and a plate of greens ran $56 before tip.
Some awesome Italian food here.  The location is ridiculous, the building is... um... ramshackle, but the food is top-notch.   While it might not be a great place for date-night, I think it would be just fine for a "meet-the-significant-others-family" meal.  That's how I was introduced to this place years and years ago.  To me, it seemed that the service thrives on a group with good and colorful personality.  This is just testament to the good Italian roots of this place. Parting tip--get the greens.  WOW!
The best greens I have ever had!  The server was amazing.  There was 6 of us and she was GREAT!  Servings are large and taste great!  This is the real deal!  The best chocolate torte I have ever had!  They ever packed bread and butter in my Togo!  I basically got two meals for one and it was already a great price!  Love this place!
We arrived as a party of ten and sat as a party of two. Despite the three empty tables for four and our willingness to sit at separate tables, the hostess kept us waiting for over ten minutes. The excuse was "it's a shift change and we might lose power". It was windy outside. Eight of us left, and two sat at the bar. Although the bartender, Christie, was in the weeds, she was very friendly and efficient. Once we had placed our order - salads, chicken sandwich and stuffed shells - our food was up in five minutes. No kidding. And soon the four empty tables were full. Our friends should have waited. The food was cheap and good. Unfortunately, we didn't leave room for cannolli.
The outside could use some work, but the service, food, and atmosphere inside is great! Go there almost every week for Rotary and appreciate their willingness to host us. You won't get a bad meal and it will be huge, whatever you get!
Can't beat it!
Pretty disappointed about this one! The restaurant was not very clean and our table could have used to be wiped down a few more times. We tried the Ravioli with Shitaki mushrooms (OK. Probably the tlbetter of the three dishes), Gnocchi with meatball and sausage and greens burger. The Gnocchi was too heavy, just not very appetizing. The greens burger was dry. Won't be coming back any time soon.
Horrible experience. The food tasted like a diners food. Our waitress had no personality. Then we go to pay bill and they don't accept credit card. Only cash or check. So then I had to pay to take money out of an ATM. Honestly who doesn't take credit card. Not a good experience. Definitely won't go back.
We were in Rome for the week and had the chance to eat at the Franklin two times. The food is wonderful. The quality and value are tough to beat. A salad comes with all the entrees. The prices at the bar are also very reasonable. On Friday nights you have to wait for a table but it is well worth the wait.
A wonderful Italian eatery with a booming business for good reason. This is housed in what was previously a crumbling hotel in the bad part of town with a seedy bar.  The looks aren't too great now but the food is. Not a great place to take a date I think.  The Savoy is a five-star Italian restaurant with prices to match a few blocks away.  But you won't get better food. Best,  Terry
