I ordered the pork buns and momofuku ramen and my friend ordered the miso ramen.  The pork buns were very good - it was like biting into a delicious hoisin flavored cloud.  The ramen was decent.  The pork shoulder was delicious and noodles were exceptional.  I have to admit that I missed having a delicious soy egg in this ramen they serve it with a soft poached egg.  The broth was interesting and smokey.  I tried the miso ramen it was also very tasty and I'm not generally a fan of miso anything.     We also ordered the combo dessert (cookie, truffles and soft serve).  On the menu tonight was a lucky peach cookie, a pretzel truffle and pb&j ice cream.  The truffle was good but very very salty the soft serve was also very salty.  The lucky peach cookie was soft and delicious.  In hindsight I probably would have skipped dessert altogether but the meal was in total very good.
Great broth for both Momofuku ramen and spicy miso ramen.  Towards the end of the bowl it became a bit too salty.  My friend said over all she prefers Ippudo ramen, but I am glad I had the experience at Momofuku. Try to sit at the bar to watch the chefs cook.  Some of the dishes are very impressive to watch being constructed.
Yes, the prices are kind of expensive and it can get crazy crazy crowded. On my visit to New York, my cousin wanted to come here, so JC and I headed out. After we'd arrived though, she called and said she wanted to stay home instead. Nice. Though the wait was about an hour at 9p on a Saturday night, JC and I decided to wait. The hostess was actually quite nice to us and kept us in her sights the whole time; we actually ended up being seated in half an hour. Since everything is so crowded though, you will be sitting literally elbow-to-elbow with the table next to you. The signature ramen noodles were a bit on the salty side, but I will say that the egg on top was the most perfect poached egg I'd ever had. But the REAL-best part about Momofuku were the pork belly buns. They were SO amazingly delicious, tender and fatty ... they literally melted in your mouth. Even JC, who genreally stays away from foods that are both of the "fatty" and "porky" nature swooned all over them. Definitely one of the things I want to eat as a last meal!!!
I'm not afraid to admit that I prejudge Asian and Indian restaurants on how many Asians and Indians I find dining there - I feel their presence is an indicator of the authenticity.  Now I know what you're thinking - "Sean, aren't you Asian?"  Yes, yes I am.  I come from a small Asian country known as Cauc - which makes me Caucasian.  One could say chalkasian considering I am shockingly pale - but I digress. So I really only came here looking for one thing ... pork buns.  I've never had pork buns, I read a few places that these are the best and hey, who doesn't like saying pork buns?  They were a little smaller than I had predicted(that's what she said); however, they packed some serious flavor and two of them were a perfect light lunch.  Couple Momofuku's service with the food and a return trip is definitely in order.
The ramen sucks here... its worst than instant ramen... had high expectations but the broth was weak... and the noodles half as#ed cooked...
This review is solely for the $100 fried chicken. It is 2 chickens, chopped up (breast, thighs, leg, wings).  Piled high on an oval platter.  One side of the platter is southern-fried.  The other side of the platter is Korean-fried. Southern-fried is the better of the two.  It has a rather thick battered crust but is very flavorful and juicy. Korean-fried becomes not as tasty once it cools.  It's also too sauced up in my opinion. The platter itself would serve 6 hungry adults quite well, without ordering anything else. The platter comes with a bowl of fresh, raw veggies - butter lettuce, spicy baby radishes, baby carrots and cilantro.  It also comes with 4 sauces, a spicy red Korean chilli sauce, hoisin sauce, minced ginger scallion in oil (my favorite) and one more sauce that looked like a flavored oil(?). Overall, it was a good one-time experience.  However I don't feel it is worth repeating unless you have a friend that does all the work scoring the reservations.
An outstanding meal! Took a while to get seated. We put our name in at about 5:30 and were told 20 minutes. It was more like 30-40, but that is a small complaint given how busy it was and how amazing the food was. Pork belly bun, oyster bun, beef tartar, smoked chicken wings, tamales, noodles, etc, etc. We tried a good bit of the menu and everything exceeded expectations. I highly recommend the wings. Even the kimchi was top notch. I was quite impressed with the beer list and will try a soju slushie next time. Great interior. Very clean, simple, and smart. I will recommend and most definitely return.
Yes of course they're known for the pork buns, but if you want ramen just go to ippudo except the wait is just as long. Had the regular ramen here and I definitely like ippudo more. The chicken wings here were good too, the meat just falls off the bones. Expect to wait an hour
Food was not consistent. Loved the shrimp bun, but the Spicy Chicken Ramen didn't move me.
Dear David Chang, WTF?
What I got: momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg and pork bun - both lived up to the hype Would I go back: Yes Story: Came here to catch up with a friend and try something new. This whole ramen trend was something I was a little unsure of it but I must say I am now a believer - totally different from any noodle soup I've ever had. The flavor combinations are surprisingly light and delicious and the pork is very moist. The pork bun was a nice little starter and the bun was very airy and delicious
Came here with the GF to have some nice ramen after she mentioned that she missed Japan. Went to Ippudo first on a Tuesday night, and was told there would be a three hour wait. What the fuck. So I got on yelp, and searched for another place that was semi-close to Ippudo, because at that point we were starving. Ok, on to momofuku it is! Got there, was told it would be a 1.5 hour wait, but ended up waiting 45 minutes since it was already 9:00 PM. Ordered the momofuku ramen and the spicy miso ramen dish. I have to say, I've been to Japan many times and have even lived there before, so I'm basing my judgment on taste, not authenticity. Though the GF complained about my spicy miso dish as "not authentic," I actually thought it tasted pretty damn good! But the momofuku ramen dish was seriously so-so. The taste was very bland, and was nowhere near the umami I experienced even at a cheap, 500 yen ramen shop in Tokyo. The taste just wasn't there, I mean I know momofuku is not "authentic" but man, the taste of it was just seriously all salt and no real flavor - couldn't taste the pork in the broth, couldn't taste the noodles itself --- ramen is about the amalgamation of all the ingredients within the bowl, and the momofuku ramen dish just didn't cut it. Would I be back again? Nope... it's not that great, and I don't think it's worth the wait. I mean, neither is Ippudo to be honest but that's another story.
Came for the famous fried chicken-- after my first bite, decided they should change the name to Kardashian fried chicken, as the fame is undeserved. The enormous mountain of chicken amazes you with quantity, but the blackened, burnt skin is not pleasing to the eye or taste buds.  (see picture) A Korean spicy chicken comes alongside the coal-flavored variety, but sadly, doesn't sweeten the deal. Here is another case where people buy into the cult of Momofuko and tell themselves it's great before even sampling the first bite.  Once again, The Immature American is the only honest cowboy out there telling it like it is. When KFC beats fancy sit down, the system has failed.  Now off to find a used match to suck on to get this burnt taste out of my mouth.   I'm thinking it's no coincidence that Momofuko already sounds like a curse because that's pretty much what I muttered to myself after the first bite.
I came here with high hopes, and I was left wanting. Momfuku has a cult following, singing praises about the food here, so when we visited NYC, this was on my "top places to visit" list. First of all, if you can make a reservation, do it. We didn't and ended up standing and waiting in the loud crowded entryway for an hour. NOT fun/ The ramen for me was meh, but the small plates are the way to go. The buns are pretty good, too. We didn't even do dessert. Maybe that's what we should've done. For all how underwhelming the food was, though, this place is SLAMMING. Oh well, I can at least say that I've been to Momfuku.
I had high hopes for Momofuku Noodle Bar after our friends' rave reviews of their pork buns...I think "heavenly" was the term.  Meeting up with relatives who are visiting from Down Under, I decided to take them here and try it out.  We arrived at 7:20 on a Monday night, and the place was buzzing.  They don't get you a table until your entire party has arrived, but we've only had to wait 30minutes, which isn't too bad compared to the wait times on the weekends. The decor is pretty modern, with seating at the bar and tables.  The downfall of this place is it's very loud....not very group-friendly since you could barely hear yourself talk and it made it hard to have a conversation.  We even used hand gestures at one point!  As for the service, I've had better.  Being our first time there, I asked the waitress if the higher-priced soju slushie is the pitcher size or if was a large, and I immediately got the "are you out of your mind?" reaction from her, and she pointed to the water glasses, telling me that's the large.  She then asked to check IDs of those of us who will be drinking, then immediately gestured 2 of us ladies don't have to.  How rude!  I felt insulted, and was ready to get up and leave.  We also asked for a fork for the child in our party, and for some reason, the waitress decides to place the utensils down at my setting.  Thought that was a little weird... On to the food.  Of course we had to try the pork buns.  When they came out, most of the buns looked plump and filled with meat, except for one that looked sad and limpy.  I flipped it over, and found there was only cucumbers and hoisin sauce!  For $5, we expected some meat.  We showed it to one of the guys working there (he looked like a manager in casual clothes), and he brought out replacements.  I hope they don't think we ate the meat and showed them the empty buns.  The meat itself was moist in the actual belly-cuts of the pork, but without the fat, it was actually a bit dry, and there were actually pieces of pork in some of the buns that were even too hard to chew, like jerky.   As for the Momofuku Ramen, the highlight would have to be the poached egg.  The pork pieces were tender for the most part, and noodles had a good texture with some bite.  The broth was smoky, and I think shoyu flavored maybe.  I personally prefer shio, so I might be biased toward Totto's broth.   Overall, I hope the service we received from our waitress wasn't representative of the restaurant, and next time we shall make a reservation for their fried chicken.
I wonder if there's much point in writing the nearly 700th review of Momofuku...but - I am! Went around 7:30pm (what can I say - we're from Seattle) with 2 friends this past week.  Had to wait around an hour for a table, so we left our name out front and walked around the neighborhood and checked out some amazing bakeries in our stroll. The table was ready in just about an hour and we had almost decided on what we would have since we had time to peruse the menu up front.  Our troup ordered 2 ramens, one pork buns, one kimchi and one of the special 4 course meals of the night (this night it was smoked duck, shrimp patties (the real name escapes me) & noodles and then steak - finished with a choice of desserts.  Two of us got the soju shushees as well. The pork buns were seriously all that and more.  I hadn't seen pictures previously, so was expecting something more along the lines of manapua or bao.  But was really excited how amazing they looked when the succulent pork belly arrived.  My gosh - didn't disappoint at all and I think I could have eaten another order of those and been fine for dinner. The kim chi was good...nice and spicy - nothing out of the ordinary. In hindsight - I maybe shouldn't have ordered ramen since I had several spectacular ramens in Japan recently, so my scale might have been off.  I didn't think that the ramen was amazing - but still very good.  The broth was nice but could have been richer....The egg was a wonderful touch and I thoroughly enjoyed it...but the double pork was the death of me.  Seriously - more pork belly AND shredded pork?!  Insanely wonderful. My two companions enjoyed their meals as well.  I think one of my friends was a little in shock at the smaller portions in the prix fixe meal - but she was quickly over it when she tasted how decadent everything was.  The hangar steak was excellent - perfectly cooked, nicely tender.
Man, people are so fastidious when it comes to reviewing anything Momofuku related. Sure it's a tad expensive, but I'm up for any place that takes the time to write the local origins of all of their ingredients on a large chalkboard displayed in the center of the restaurant. The satisfaction and assurance i get knowing my food comes from local farms is worth the extra cash. Anyone who UNDERSTANDS farm to table(and doesn't just reuse the phrase for cool points) knows the gov screws over small farms hence making animals that aren't pumped with roids and ammonia expensive. But i digress, Momofuku noodle bar is tasty. Pork buns satisfied greatly as they damn near melted in my mouth. Once I doctored up my  summer special, Chicken ramen, with the correct amount of hot sauce i was stoked. A mix of flavors, garlic, chicken-fatty broth, ginger, green onion all washed down with a $5 full sail lager. Flavors were bold, but didn't dominate one way or the other. Needless to say I left satiated. Very comforting meal, I know where I'll be going when i'm not well & need something salty, warm and self-indulgent.
More like a 3 1/2...plus another 1/2 star for the service. I paid Momofuku a visit this past weekend because I had to see for myself what the hype was all about. I was seated at the bar promptly and greeted by really friendly service. The pork buns were phenomenal even for its $9 price tag (compared to Chinatown alternatives).  The Momofuku Ramen Bowl was decent. The pork items in my bowl did not disappoint. In fact, I have an entirely new appreciation for pork belly. The noodles and broth were freshly made with a perfectly poached egg, but seriously not worth the $16. Overall, I had a good experience but found it overpriced. But I am interested in checking out Ko and Ssam in the future.
Ummm. I love Ko, Ssam Bar, even Milk Bar more than this joint. The food was good, just not memorable.
Perfect.  Just perfect... Can't understand any remotely negative reviews, other than heading in w/ unrealistically lofty expectations... Are the pork buns cliche at this point?  If so, well deserved...
B from NY health department. despite chef David Chang holding 2 Michelin Stars for his work at Ko, this restaurant portrays a quick, cheap lunch. Some lacking in service, some in quality, and of course cleanliness by the big green B hanging in front of the shop.
Now I know this is Noodle Bar, but in my humble opinion, it's the non-ramen items here that really shine. While the signature momofuku ramen with fatty pork shoulder and belly and a perfectly poached egg satisfies a ramen craving just fine, the broth is a little bland compared to some other places in the city and the noodles not quite al dente enough. The steamed pork buns, however, are pretty great. Even though the combination of pork, hoisin, scallion and cucumber tucked inside a steamed bun isn't exactly novel - the momofuku pork buns are truly balanced and finessed in execution. The buns themselves are always perfectly fluffy and tender, and it's amazing how much a few slices of cucumber bring each bite together. While one order comes with just two buns, the pork is fatty enough that you really don't need more than that. The garlicky and spicy fried chicken wings are great as well, reminiscent of Japanese tebayaki meets Korean fried chicken. I also like that they always have daily specials on the blackboard, so that you can always try a few different things even though the regular menu is a bit limited. Now I just have to score a reservation for their fried chicken dinner so that I can properly judge this place more holistically. Another great thing is that Noodle Bar is open late, especially on the weekends. While they don't accept reservations, the wait is seldom very long if you don't have a large party. Service is attentive and cordial as well, much more so that one might expect.
I was watching TV the other day and one of the program reported about the owner of Momofuku. I was very impressed about his story and merged Korean, Japanese and French into the dishes. Very fusion. When I went to Noodle Bar, it was good and delicious but I think this place is totally carter to American people. Portion of the food is way too big. Taste is either too spicy or too salty and or too sweet. I ordered their cold ramen with cashew nuts in it. It was delicious but amount of cashew nuts in the ramen bawl was little bit scary. Was it almost whole bag?? I've tasted ramen too. It was little too oily for Japanese tong. If you like Tonkotsu and very oily kind of ramen you will love it. So if you go this place, you should treat this ramen completely different from you experience in Japan. It is different. But I can go back.
The noodle was a bit overrated.. seemed like they only put noodle into the soup and added some ingredients inside.. the vegetables were even a little cold. We did enjoy their port and shrimp buns.
The momofuku pork ramen hits the spot for me! The broth is not to salty, the pork shoulder is tender and flavorful. The chicken wings have a nice crisp to them. The lemon noodles w/ arugula are refreshing, but wish the portion was bigger. The shrimp in the shrimp bun is chopped shrimp fried w/ batter into a rectangle w/ spicy(?) mayo & chopped lettuce. I am rating this review 3 stars based on my visit last night. We sat at barstools, right in front of where the chefs are preparing your food. So naturally we watched as they prepared the numerous bowls of ramen/appetizers etc in front of us. There was a caucasian female sou(?) chef who definitely appeared young in age who was clearly not in charge of preparing the ramen, that stuck her unwashed fingers in a bowl of ramen noodles, pulled out a piece of noodle, turned to the wall and ate it. I am a registered nurse and I am obsessed w/ hand hygiene. Last time I checked hand hygiene is important for restaurant employees too. This was a big turn off. I'm sure there are many who work in a restaurant that do sneak in a bite or two of the food, but seriously to use your unwashed bare hands in front of customers?? Maybe there was a small hidden bottle of hand sanitizer somewhere back there, but this chick clearly did not wash her hands before putting them in someone's bowl of noodles. Hopefully the lemon or the hot broth killed the germs before it got to whom ever received the dish.
This was one of the places I had to visit on my last trip to NYC. I had lived a year without going here, partially because I never had the inclination to wait around for an hour for food (New Yorkers seem to love going to places that make them wait hours to get in, though this is more true of brunch than dinner). On a Tuesday night the wait wasn't so bad. I had the pork buns, a (pork and kimchi) tamale and their ramen noodle.  All the food was quite good, but their ramen only stood out because of the pork belly in it. The seating area was a bit crowded, our three person group was put at a table with two or three other people. The service was also a little slow.  This combined with the wait makes me think that it deserves 3.5 stars, but since I haven't had better pork belly anywhere else I'm rounding up.
So delicious, not expensive and great vibe. The wait is kinda long, pending what time you go but its a great restaurant and strongly recommend it. Get the brussel sprouts and whatever else you think looks good. Pretty sure anything there is amazing.
I had the momofuku ramen, which was delicious. The pork was on the salty side, but otherwise I loved it. They do not serve hot drinks, which I found really odd.
I can't recommend Noodle Bar as a go-to dinner place. I loved the pork buns, but the noodle soups were just like any other ramen dish in the East Village. I really couldn't find anything special about them. If you just want ramen, you're better off going to any of the dozen ramen joints in the neighborhood. Also not impressed by the beer + wine lists.
This place was a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!  I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for quite some time, and finally did this past weekend. I was however, pleasantly surprised that me and my two friends walked in with no wait on a Sunday afternoon.  Between the three of us, we shared 4 dishes which was more than enough.  The only part of the meal I actually really liked was the Lychee "slushy".  It reminded me of a Japanese Pina Colada, but was basically in a large shot glass and cost $5. Here is what we got; The Pork Buns; AWFUL!  I actually referred to this meat as "jelly pork" it had so much fat.  It grossed me out and I couldn't finish it.  I suppose this doesn't bother some people, but the flavor wasn't good enough to eat it. Chicken Wings; I'm not a huge chicken wing fan as it is, but know they should be flavorful/cripsy.  NOT the case.  Also fatty and had little flavor/no crunch. Momofuku Ramen; The second best part of the meal (second to the Lychee slushy).  Big portion, more than enough for three people.  Nothing to write home about. Spicy Noodles; This was just weird all around.  They were very spicy but seemed to be dry with little sauce.  Was tossed with some sort of sausage and cashews, which just seemed like an odd mix. The bill came to $70 between the three of us.  I wouldn't recommend going there, but I'm sure many people still will have to see for themselves.
Line was outside for 530 opening in disorganized manner. Place got so crowded it was distracting to even ordering and I like crowded places, not happy with person we placed our orders with, kind of extra edgy and rude. Hey, sorry if I am bothering you to place my order. Food good not great lots better to spend my money.
so disappointing! this restaurant has been on my hit list for years. we love ssam bar and ko of the momo empire and we love ramen so figured this was a sure shot and yet it was really a big miss for us. really this was all about the food so i'll just focus on that: pork buns - just didnt stack up to the other top contenders including ssam's buns, the sauce made them a bit too sweet for me shrimp buns - forgotten in our order so received half way through our ramen. reminded me of a mcdonald's version of a bun (and i dont even eat mcdonald's). heavy handed neon orange sauce on top of a very processed looking shrimp cake with some shredded iceberg. tasted better than it looked but that isnt saying much. i didnt even finish my 1 bun momofuku ramen - it was a-ok. of all the ramen spots out there (ippudo, totto, ivan, etc) this was my least favorite and reminded me the most of cheap ramen in college. maybe it was the salt factor. i did like the addition of the pork shoulder alongside the pork belly. soju slush - an alcoholic slushie usually has my name all over it but this was sickeningly sweet. reminded me of sugar loaded kool aid. overall i was so disappointed. and for 2 orders of buns, 2 momo ramens and 2 slushes our tab was $90 so a pricey disappointment as well. glad we marked it off our list but will not go back
BEST PORK BUNS EVER!  A MUST ORDER!!! I came here once before a couple of years ago but did not try the pork buns.  This time around, I came back and finally tried it and totally LOVED IT!!! My main entre was the Momofuku Ramen for $16.00 which consisted of pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg.  The broth was not too bland or salty, just right to my surprise... unlike the last time I had it which was overly salty.  Therefore, I'm not sure whether or not the saltiness depends on the chef's mood.  But I had no problem with the broth this time!  Do not let the size of the ramen fool you because the bowl is gigantic but the ramen is really filling! I enjoyed both the steamed pork bun and ramen very much.   Will I come back?  YES! Will I come back just for the steamed pork bun?  WAY YESSS! PS.  *I shall give IPPUDO a try next time and compare the ramen.*
Ever meet a person that doesn't enjoy Ramen?  Didn't think so!  But can anyone truly state that their enjoyment was deeply captivated and desired upon with an unadulterated passion?  Alright, the mellow-drama is quite evident in the preceding but it's a staple of how well the execution of what Momofuku Noodle Bar's various Ramen courses represent. The Ambiance:  Upon first entering Momofuku, diners will find the scene to be surreal and not representative of that of most noodle shops.  The walls are strategically position with misaligned wooded boards that plays as a decorative to the restaurants funky and lively atmosphere.  Spotlights strategically located on the ceiling gives this dwelling an ultra modern feel.  Seating itself is exactly that of what noodle shops should be.  There are numerous seats that face the wall with a small ledge for eating. Seating can also be found at the noodle bar and for larger parties, there are two tables with benches that seat approximately 8-10 per table. Patrons might find that the ambiance of this establishment is over the top for a noodle bar but who's complaining? The Food:  Go directly to the Ramen.  Avoid all side dishes (even though the Steamed Buns infused with Chicken, Shitake Mushrooms, and Pork are worth sharing amongst your party).  The Momofuku Ramen is hands down the most preferred of all Ramen selectables (but by no means are any of the other applications a distant second).  The combination of Pork, Poached Egg, and Ramen produces a modest but invigorating dish through the infusion of the various contrasting tastes of each element that produces a dish most preferred.  Each individual ingredient has with it their individual flavors.  Consumers will find that the mild saltiness and rough body of the pork produces a subtle but balanced contrast with the mildly cooked buttery / soft texture of the egg and the subtle smooth texture of the Ramen noodle. Service:  As it were with most noodle places.  Expect to be served your beverage, your meal, and then ask for the check.  If expectations of service is sought after to the lights of Del Posto or One if by land Two if by Sea, you're sadly mistaken.  At Momofuku's Noodle Bar, it's mainly about the turnover.  Of course, you won't be passed upon with a death ear if you're seeking an additional glass of water, but do try to be in and out as fast as possible as the wait is sometimes overbearing and the wait staff is looking more for turnover rather than service. Ramen Central is found at Momofuku Noodle Bar!  There are comparables but none better than this single establishment.  The enchanting decor that plays a secondary role to the Ramen served by this establishment is what keeps the patrons coming back for seconds.  For those who have cravings through Ramen withdrawal, look no further than Momofuku's Noodle Bar.
I went to Momofuku Noodle Bar last night to catch up with an old friend. I'm definitely not a noodle bowl connoisseur, but I really enjoyed my meal there. We shared everything: started with encrusted raw mackerel, then to pork buns (superb!), and finally a spicy ramen noodle bowl. The flavors were really fantastic and the service was surprisingly pleasant, considering how busy the restaurant was at the time. Not to mention, the bill came out to $40 total. Perfect. My only knock against the meal was the amount of salt in the dishes. I realize most noodle bowls are very salty, but this meal was especially so. We hung out to drink two glasses of water each before we left the restaurant. I would definitely go again in a few months.
After reading all the raving reviews, I was really excited to finally eat here on my recent trip to NYC. After waiting for nearly 1 hour, we were finally seated, and proceeded to order their famous pork buns and Momofuko Ramen. The pork buns were juicy and fatty filled with hoisen sauce and bursting with flavor. While it was good, it just didn't suit my taste buds. I didn't like chewing chunks of pork fat dripping with oil. Sadly, I did not think it was worth the 1 hour+ wait. For me, the Momofuko Ramen was pretty disappointing too. I was expecting pork back fat broth, similar to the kind at Ippudo or Daikokuya in Los Angeles. The broth turned out to be just a clear ramen broth, which I didn't find very flavorful.
Expect a wait when coming to Momofuku, which I always take into consideration so I'm never too put out by that fact.  The only reason I give them four star is because the service is not the most friendly.  It's fast with the food, which is great, but the personalities of the staff are on the cold side.   With that being said the food is so freaking good that I don't need to be wooed by the servers.  The food at Momofuku deserves five stars alone.  I find myself craving the ginger, scallion noodles and the pork buns!! They are both so delicious, but the pork buns themselves are like a slab of pork belly on a delicious fluffy cloud bun.  Mmmmm sooo tasty.....
A couple of weeks ago, I received an email from one of my fellow Chowhound'ers, asking if I'd be interested in attending a group lunch at Momofuku Noodle Bar for their Fried Chicken Dinner. "Hell yah," I responded. Look, I don't care where you grew up or where you currently reside - but if you claim to have even a remote interest in food - then you've definitely heard the of the Momofuku chain and/or its chef/owner, David Chang. Some will argue that it was Momofuku's pork buns that put pork-belly on the map. Love him/his concept or hate him/his concept, but it's suffice to say that the "Chang Dynasty" is here to stay. While I've been to Momofuku Ssam Bar - and frequent Momofuku Milk Bar (Birthday-Cake Truffle Balls! Compost Cookie! Soft Serve!) more times than I'd like to admit - I had never been to Chang's baby, Momofuku Noodle Bar, prior to this occasion. Our lunch reservation was for 2pm and, to my amazement, every single person was on-time! Since the restaurant doesn't take reservations outside of the Fried Chicken Dinner, the eight of us were seated immediately. *Note: The menu stated that the $100 Fried Chicken Dinner would feed between 4-8 people. James, who organized the luncheon, informed each of us to bring $20 in cash for our individual contribution to the meal. Additionally, he hoped that this amount would also cover tax, tip, and any extra appetizer(s). Since the Fried Chicken Dinner did not include appetizers, the table decided to start with a couple of orders of steamed pork buns, steamed shitake buns, and roasted rice cakes. Steamed shitake bun: slices of meaty shitake mushrooms and crispy cucumbers were enveloped by a pillowy-soft, steamed bun that was too-conservatively dotted with hoisin sauce. To make up for it, I added a liberal shower of sriracha. Roasted rice cakes: this dish reminded me of a Korean play on gnocchi...only spicier, crispier, more gelatinous, and topped/tossed with much less sauce. Tubular "rice cakes," about 1" in height, were roasted (I'm thinking pan-roasted/fried), and then tossed in some sort of spicy sauce which, very well could have been sriracha - and then dusted with white sesame seeds and chopped green onion. And finally, the moment that we all had been eagerly anticipating... Fried chicken: look, I may be from the South, but I don't know the first thing about fried chicken. My mom used to order it for me at restaurants when I was younger, and my father used to bring it home for Sunday night dinners. They may have put a drumstick on my plate, but I was the kid who typically ate all of the accompaniments - everything but the fried chicken. Things have since changed, but not astronomically - at least not until I ate the fried chicken at this particular luncheon. Call it my "when in Rome" moment, but I found both of Momofuku's versions - Southern and Korean styles - to be equally moist, juicy, meaty, flavorful, crunchy, spicy, and every other sexy adjective under the sun. I actually had two pieces of each! Of the four sauces that came to accompany the chicken, I found that the hoisin was the most compatible with the meat. Also, I preferred to eat the chicken sans savory pancake, as it was slightly too thick, making each burrito-style bite difficult to swallow. Conclusion: I would wholeheartedly say that Momofuku's Fried Chicken Dinner is a great deal for anyone looking to organize a delicious, unique, and affordable group meal.
2&1/2 stars is more correct.  Not as good as Momofuku Ssam Bar.  Younger crowd, obnoxious wait staff, mediocre offerings.  If I wanted noodles, I could go to any asian restaurant.  This place is overpriced.
This is the review for the Fried Chicken dinner. I really, really enjoyed it...as much as the 6 other people I went there with. Don't be intimidated by the reservation system. We were able to book one for a 6PM on a Friday just 2 weeks in advance. We ordered the pork buns as an app. Needless to say, these are always fantastic. The amount of meat in each one isn't very consistent, so let the skinny people have the smaller ones. The chicken was GREAT along with all the sides that came with it. As many have said, the southern style is better than the Korean style. There was enough chicken to for everyone. We actually had one piece left over that I stole and had for b-fast the next morning.
This review is for the fried chicken lunch. I didn't have the pleasure of trying anything else while we were there, so if I get the chance I will update. At first I thought it was weird to go to a ramen place for fried chicken, but the sheer difficulty of making reservations for this made me want to try it. For those who don't know, the fried chicken is only available by reservation. The minimum required to make a reservation is a group of 4, and you pay a flat $120 not including tax and tip. You get A LOT of chicken, so I would suggest bringing more than 4 people. Four of us weren't able to finish it, even after eating way more than we should have. The chicken itself was very good; original and korean styles both very flavorful and tender. Even if you take off the skin, the meat of the chicken is flavorful enough that you might not even miss it. The skin (on the "original") was a little dense and not as crispy as I would've liked, but it was still good. It also comes with some korean "pancakes" (basically thicker tortilla-type things), bibb lettuce and other stuff to make lettuce wraps. Comes with four dipping sauces, all excellent, but work best with the original recipe vs. the korean. The korean chicken already has a sweet/spicy sauce coated on the skin so it doesn't really need the additional sauces.   Overall I'm glad to have tried it, and while there wasn't anything in particular that I disliked about the experience, I can't say that I will go out of my way to do the fried chicken thing again. I would like to go back to try the pork buns or ramen at some point.
I've been to Momofuku Noodle Bar about 7 times now. No two trips have been the same, and they've all been fun. The most valuable thing to know about this place is the importance of showing up early. Sure,  the pork belly buns are arguably the perfect food. Sure, the Spicy Miso Ramen will fill your eyes with tears of joy, but you don't want to wait two hours for them. The staff is also fiercely determined to drive you out of your seat as quickly as possible. And that's perfectly fine by me. Just don't go in expecting a slow-coursed meal. Instead, set your expectations as high as you want for the food, which is worth everything else you deal with before and after you eat it.
Has this restaurant seen better days? Momofuku was not worth the wait for dinner. Considering the constant hype around this place, I was expecting better. My main meal, the spicy noodles, was disappointing. I love spicy foods, but when you can't taste any other flavors in the dish but heat, it's off-putting. I had a chance to eat some of the house ramen too, and the broth had no flavor. I think you're better served going to better restaurants for noodles, including some of the hand pulled noodle shops in Chinatown and places like Ippudo and Totto for ramen in the city. Don't waste your time.
I don't know where they get off on charging me $9 for two little eensy weensy pork buns, but I continue to come here and get suckered into ordering them anyway. You can get half a duck and a platterful of steamed buns for the same price at a good ol' dirty Chinese restaurant. The ramen is flavorful--I mean, it's true that the food was good--it's just overpriced for what it is, and not particularly authentic (though i don't know what I was expecting). Damn you, pork buns!
We rolled in here at around 12:30 after the Pearl Jam concert, we were seated immediately, and had the perfect meal. The soy sauce egg is a personal favorite, I need to learn how to make this at home. The ramen was great like usual, and the pork buns light, fluffy, and also a hit. My husband had never been, he went through two orders of buns. They ordered the wings as well, which were very good. Hit the spot. Ah yes, we also had the captain crunch truffles for dessert, so good. Reminded me of our wedding cake from Milk bar.
I'm salivating as I write this review. Their pork buns are to die for! Ramen is good but in all honesty, I prefer Ippudo (prob because I love miso based ramenya). Apple soju is delicious. I'm not much of a soju drinker but this apple slush soju is the perfect size and taste.
ok, so as mentioned it may not be the best rammen in the city, especially for $15, but it's pretty darn good and what I love most is the serving of pork that they put in the soup, they do not hold back.  I brought a friend from Australia here and she could not stop talking about the pork buns and how good they were.. i had to take her to momofuku ssam bar before she left so she could have them again!   I love the simplistic japanese wood decor as well as the communal seating.  Although you are seated right next to strangers and sometimes in between them you will soon forget this as there is enough noise to overshadow their conversation.  I also love their drink menu, it is very refreshing.
While relatively new to the ramen craze, I would say the overall experience here was a solid one. I think I would have given it a higher rating if my expectations were not so high, given the hype around the momofuku empire. Expect to wait - but that is a given. Communal tables are fine - but don't go with a group too big as it will be difficult to navigate and talk. We started with the pork buns. They were definitely tasty, but texture of the pork wasn't my favorite. Also the bun was enhanced greatly by the sauce they provide on the table, yum! Overall I liked ippudo's buns better. I got the momofuku Ramen. It was very good - although broth was alittle on the salty side. Also, the pork was slightly dry, but flavorful. Price point was perfect for the meal. This meal peaked my interest to try some of the other momofuku locations.
I would make this a regular haunt if I lived in the area. Pork and Shrimp are my favorite buns! Had two noodle dishes, both were great. I personally didn't care for the brisket. My buddy said they were his favorite though...
The pork buns are like crack.  The shrimp buns are good too.  The spicy chilled noodles are SO HOT but they are perfectly delicious.  The ramen is good but pork broth isn't generally my favorite.  Menu items are constantly changing and I can't wait to score a reservation for the chicken.
I am a big fan of this spot! The menu is creative, and every dish is delcious (especially the noodle bowls). The wait staff is always accomodating, and the energy of the restaurant is trendy and fun. One thing to keep in mind when checking out this restaurant is that Momofuku Noodle Bar is small. You will often have to wait 20-45 minutes to get a seat and once you get inside it's cramped.
I am a noodle/ramen/pho snob. So the key is the broth and the noodles. I have been here before and every time they slip a little more into the abyss of just average noodles. The pork buns and kimchi are good but you don't call a place a noodle bar unless you have the best in town. Which they don't. The service started off a little arrogant but they softened up after we ordered. The issue with the soup is the broth. Just plain and funky. I suggest that Mr. Chang gets back in touch with his growing empire before some of his places start to close. Arrogance is contagious. I highly suggest he eats at Ramen Nakamora in Hawaii. It will blow his mind.
This place was packed when I came here. When I was in New York my cousin took me here for the "Best" ramen. It was about 30 degrees and my eyeballs were pretty much ice cubes. So hot soup and ramen sounded delish. The pork buns were the Best part of this ramen joint but the ramen was not the "Best I've ever had. Actually I could make it better at home than this place. kind of pricey for ramen. I feel so spoiled to live in Cali. We have the best ramen houses... affordable too!
I will echo what everyone says here - the ramen is just eh. The pork belly however, that's in the ramen? Melt in your mouth tender and delicious.  I also really love those pork buns, they're perfectly balanced with the fatty pork and the crisp cucumbers and the soft bun...I think I could polish off 4 myself. There are other tasty things on the menu (i happen to really love the chicken wings) but as far as the "noodle" part in the name...just ok. Walk a little further to one of the more authentic ramen places for noodles.
David Chang is a genius. I've eaten at every one of his restaurants in the US and this one is still my favorite. Every time I am in NY I come here- or if I am nearby in NJ, I make the trip. I have the cookbook so I can recreate some of the dishes at home, but I still love to come to this restaurant. It is that good for me. Love it. Of course everyone says the pork buns are to die for- I think they are good, but a bit too fatty for me. It's pork belly so what else could you expect? I really love the roasted rice cakes. Spicy, gelatinous and covered in sesame seeds and green onions. It's a flavor I haven't had anywhere else. I also always get the ginger scallion noodles. The sauce it's tossed in is very simple and the pickled veggies on top are the best, especially the pickled shitake mushrooms. I have a hard time not eating all of those first! The ramen is also a go to- if it's cold or raining it really hits the spot. The pork shoulder is very flavorful and doesn't lose anything sitting in the broth. The poached egg is a nice touch. Some other items we will order are the smoked chicken wings and the spicy miso ramen. The wings are fall off the bone tender and the miso ramen is a nice variant from the pork every now and then. Almost everything I love from here is available on the late night menu- yay! Sometimes they will offer a lychee slush- get it! So creamy and delicious. I know there is a lot of hype around David Chang and his food- but I am sold. It's good. The flavor combos are excellent and I have never had a bad dining experience. I will keep coming back any chance I get.
This review is for the reservation only Fried Chicken dinner. So yes. I loved it. Tons of delicious chicken. I shared it with 3 friends. We devoured it and had tons of leftovers (which were perfect at lunch time the next day) Dipping sauces! Little mu-shu blankets! Make a reservation. Stalk the site waiting for a cancelation. Then do it. Its just something to experience. The buttermilk makes for better little korean taco things. The korean style is good good good. I mean, you love Scallion ginger sauce don't you?
This place reminds me of home. Whatever you are eating now, stop, go here, do yourself a favor and try their pork buns. They are so heavenly. The tender meat with the crunchiness of the cucumber, along with the hoisin sauce and the soft and fluffy bun, it's a party in your mouth! Their momofuku ramen was really good as well. I like my noodles chewy and bouncy, and these were just perfect. I also like that they change their menu based on the season. I will definitely return and I can't wait to try the other momofuku's restaurant!
Takes me back to the whole in a wall ramen shops in Osaka and Tokyo (Yokohama). This place is great because they figured out that regular non westernized food are things people enjoy most.
Best ramen in the city.
If you can put up with the wait, the pork buns and the signature ramen will make it all worth it. Limited beer list but what they do have goes really well with the food. Go early or after 9 if you want to get a table.
A must try for any ramen fans David Chang really created a great place that reflects his personality and style of food, I can't point out anything bad about this place. The staff is great friendly and responsive and if your inside waiting for the common 30 or more minutes to be seated the staff will kindly offer you beer while you wait .... No complaints with that!! Must tries - pork or brisket buns and any of the noodle bowls
Okay I went here for the fried chicken dinner special.  I just didn't like it.  I love fried chicken, but the buttermilk fried chicken is hyper seasoned.  The korean fried chicken is decent, but a notch below the Kyochon's of the world and so much more expensive.  Overall I was nonplussed. What I do like are the buns.  They have more than just pork buns here which is cool.  The mushroom and the sausage buns were excellent. Its weird, because I absolutely adore Ssam Bar.  But Noodle bar?  I'll pass.
Tonight was THE night! NO WAIT, sit down at the counter bar, and place your order with a server on his first night on the job... Asking for options for vegetarians was a little confusing. Luckily another server stepped in and took over to explain to us the different options. My friend ordered Roasted Rice Crackers. They were smothered with a red chili garlic sauce. Tasted like little thick noodles and a slight crunch sweet flavor. I was NOT a fan. For $10 I felt like it was a waste of a so called snack. My friend also ordered a ginger scallion ramen noodle bowl. I was expecting to to be soup based like the rest of the noodle bowls, but unfortunately, it came cold like salad and no broth so it left the noodles a little dry. Also for $11 seems like a waste. I could not imagine becoming completely vegetarian for this matter. My taste buds are kind of wack right now anyways, so everything tastes extremely bland to me. Now for my order... be jealous.. I ordered the pork buns. Perfect amount of rectangular pork slices, and a little on the greasy oiliy side and the buns were a little bit thin too (compared to Baohaus, I prefer Baos :P ) Even Ippudo is a bit better. After I scarfed down the two of them, I was already full! I had ordered the Momofuku noodles and they  were good except for the shreds of pork. I didnt think they went well with the noodles. The noodles were a little too "al dente" for me, broth was REALLY salty. I drank THREE glasses of water while biting into the noodles, and my favorite part was the perfectly poached egg that I was sad about breaking down.... Overall it was decent, I was expecting my experience to be a little more exciting especially since I've been waiting so long to try this place! I dont think I will be back though, it wasn't something I would want to return for, and the price a little steep too.
I like it - it's very busy so get there early (before 7pm) or expect a wait.  I love the open kitchen and fact that you can sit at the bar and watch them prepare everything.   Must haves are the steamed pork bun, smoked duck, and cured Hamchi.  I ordered the chicken ramen - it was good...I know ramen snobs like Menkui Tei but I think Momofuku uses better ingredients in their ramen and has sort of a gourmet twist - so if you want authentic ramen where the focus is the broth (pork fat in everything) and noodles, go to Menkui Tei.  If you like things with a gourmet twist and high quality ingredients, Momofuku is for you.  This place is rapidly becoming one of my favorites in the winter.  Also like their Brookyln Pennant Ale - haven't found this in a lot of places.
Amazing food, the brisket buns were delicious. It loses a point only because you do feel pressured to leave because they are so busy (but the staff are still lovely and accommodating). Not a place to have a relaxing dinner, but definitely worth the experience. So tasty!
I shared the chicken dinner with 7 of my friends last night. We started with pork buns, after hearing everyone rave about how amazing they were. And they were, indeed, very tasty. Then we got our chicken. Half korean-style, half southern-style. The korean chicken was delicious. Flavorful and perfectly fried. The southern chicken was, unfortunately, pink inside. Not bloody, but definitely not cooked all the way through. I would highly recommend going to The Redhead if you're in the mood for some thoroughly cooked, mouthwatering southern fried chicken. I wouldn't go back to get it at Momofuku again.
The ramen noodles is good but nothing outstanding, especially considering what I've heard. Their best thing is the Pork Buns but 2 for $9? For something that is like $1 in Chinatown? I know the pork is far better but not THAT much better. Luckily I seemed to have gone when there was no line and we walked right in and got seats but I thought the food was decent to good but way overpriced. If I'm going to pay good money like that, I'd rather go to Ippudo.
This place was hugely hyped up in my head to be flippin awesome due to my love for all things David Chang however, I was a little disappointed after I had the infamous pork buns.  I mean, I guess being asian has made me an asian food snob but I couldn't get past how just okay they were.  NOthing special.  Still, I came specifically for the ramen and I was not going to let a little bun sour my visit.  I ordered the momofuku ramen bowl which came with a few pieces of pork belly, a poached egg, and maybe some mushrooms (I forget).  Although, not bad, it wasn't wow awesome.  The broth was sorta bland and flat.  Whereas the ramen at totto ramen?  Now that is a real ramen.  Come for the bragging rights (that is if you get there at 530 on the dot and sashay right on in without waiting ten years) but not for a foodgasm.
I love noodles and I love ramen so I kind of had high hopes for Momofuku Noodle Bar... but it was just a-okay. That's not bad but I expected more. My friend and I got the grilled octopus and the Momofuku ramen. Octopus was good and I really enjoyed the flavors of the citrus and spiciness together. The Momofuku ramen was good but, coming from the Bay Area, good ramen is everywhere, and I've had better. I liked the chewy noodles and the pork belly and pork shoulder were tender and tasty; the broth was on the salty side though. I also thought there would be more variety in terms of noodle items to choose from. People seemed to be more excited about the buns, which is cool, but not really a noodle.
Tasty but overpriced. I can get an equally good bowl of ramen at Minka and not pay $16. Get the pork buns, delicious.
Don't oo-ah me about this place. Don't tell me that you made a pilgrimage to try his ramen. Save yourself the trouble and don't finish my review, for I have as much to say about this place as I do about the broth...it's lacking. When the name sells, you tend to trust the item and buy. But it's awfully upsetting when you soon realize that you are paying good money for inferior product. Momofuku Noodle Bar is like one of them. It's certainly one of the worse ramen spots in the city. I'd rather skip this place and find something elsewhere.
PORK BUNS...SHRIMP BUNS...MOMOFUKU RAMEN...its simple, its simply good.  We showed up at 2 pm with our bags from the train, they tucked them away for us, swept us right to a table, poured us a carafe of some really decent white wine and we were off to the races. Good choice, located near not much, but oh, well.  Worth the trip.
Ah, the ever famous and ever popular Momofuku Noodle Bar. My friend and I decided to grab some ramen for lunch, and luckily we got here about 15 minutes before opening. It was crazy how quickly the place became packed and how long the line could get! The atmosphere is pretty nice though, with mostly bar type seating and some larger tables along the wall. In regards to the food, I have to be honest and say that the ramen did not blow me away. Momofuku did not live up to its reputation in this regard! I'd have to say that their ramen is just average. Not the best, but not the worst. For this type of taste though, I'm not sure I can justify $16 a bowl. On the other hand, their pork buns are delicious! I loved how tender the meat was, and it was pretty flavorful. My only complaint would be that the meat was pretty oily. Other than that though, they were great. So bottom line: I'd gladly come back for the buns, and begrudgingly hand over my $16 for a bowl of ramen here.
I already had a feeling that this was going to be a miss. but after a friendhyped this place up, I came here so he can  have a chance to prove me wrong. Chicken came on a Giant platter, with half old bay seasoning and half korean style. The korean style was much lilke Bon Chon The old bay seasoning was pretty salty and meh Lesson of the day: always trust your instincts, esp when it comes to food !!
I went here during my lunch hour. It was an extremely cold day and I was excited to have some ramen to warm me up! I ordered the "Momofuku Ramen"...and it was EXTREMELY SALTY. I'm usually a fan of salty food...but this was just ridiculous. I could not even finish half of the bowl. The only redeeming thing I tried was the pork bun. It is pretty good.
While I tend to agree that overhype usually denotes mediocrity wrapped up prettily and waiting for a table makes you hungrier and hungrier and less likely to taste what you're eating, Momofuku is still totally delish even with those external factors in mind... Pork Buns: Yum, Yum, Yum (try and not share one) Noodles: We ordered all three types and I have to say I did some unacceptable chopstick triple-dipping but the flavours in each bowl are so lovely that even eating them in series didnt ruin the taste of any of them..salty pork broth, candied cashews, wilted spinach, vinegary mushrooms, need I go on?? Try this alone, early afternoon, walk around NYC all day with a smug self-satisfied smirk that you've eaten something delish and noone knows except you...
I give the pork bun with scallion and hoisin 5 stars.  Flavorful fatty pork on such a soft bun, with delicious hoisin! I could eat 6. I'm sad to say the Momofuku ramen was just a bit too salty.  :-(  My friend had the ginger scallion ramen and I preferred hers.   The beet lime soft serve ice cream is a big surprise! How unique! I'll be back for the pork buns!
Their noodles were good at first bite but for some reason the more I ate, the saltier it got. But their buns on the other hand is amazing. I tried their pork bun and it was so fattening but delicious. But the down side is the price, it was 2 buns for $10 dollars!!! Way over priced. The grilled chicken was pleasant but I wished there were a bit more flavor. Overall, would I come here again? Perhaps for the buns alone.
This place is solid, and David Chang obviously knows how to hold it down in the kitchen.  I loved the pork buns here a few years back when I first tried them.  However, the past few times I have been there, they didn't render enough fat off the pork belly.  The first few times, that delicious layer of fat was about a 1/4 of an inch thick, and complemented the house made pickels, and fluffy buns. More recently though, it has been a half inch think or more of fat.  So you are basically just biting into a big greasy mess...
The spicy rice cakes are to die for!  In my opinion, the pork buns are as good as Ippudo. The ramen is definitely not as good as Ippudo, but they do have great fried chicken. Definitely an excellent cheaper option to the Ssam bar. Get there at 5.30pm (when they open) and there's no wait!
Alright, let's get real here. It was good, but in the rankings of ramen [in other words, the places I have been to], Ippudo is king, with Momofuku coming in second, and Ivan Ramen dead last. The short description: It was a good bowl of ramen. The long description: It was a Friday night, we had a 30 minute wait which was expected (East Village, 8PM, trendy restaurant etc. etc. ). We found a nearby dive bar to have a beer at and all was good. By the time we came back, the hostess sat us at the bar. We ordered the pork buns, which were par for the course. There were only 2 to an order which I find to be a little stingy considering they are $10. The Momofuku Ramen [range of $13-$15], like I said, was good. The broth was nice, not too greasy like at other places. There definitely wasn't enough pork belly or pork shoulder. The poached egg got lost in the other ingredients once you mixed it together. The noodles were tender and long, as they should be. The service is what it is for bar seating, the tables looked like they were communal. It's a very small space. I definitely liked looking into the open kitchen. And there are two bathrooms. Paid about $35 [including tip] for an average meal.
No wait. Fast service. Excellent pork buns, house ramen, and #1 rated root beer NYTimes). It was an easy highlight meal of our two day NYC culinary adventure.
Unimpressed. The nights Special of Tamales (jalapeno and cheese, chicken mole and Pork) were awful. The Jalapeno and Cheese was not edible. The filling was bland, didn't know it was possible for a jalapeno to be bland. The masa was dry and tough. The Chicken and Pork were both ok and thankfully edible but after a few bites of each I was over them. There are brands of frozen tamales that are better. Seriously D-Chang stick to noodles. Next up was the famous Pork Steamed Buns. The pork belly was great don't get me wrong but the bun, veggies and sauce were misses for me. Not enough veggies to add that crisp crunch for texture that is needed with the softness of the bun and pork belly. The sauce tasted like straight soy sauce and left a bad taste in my mouth with every bite. I had steamed pork buns off the LA Food Truck The Bun Truck a few weeks ago and they were perfection. Thank goodness for the AMAZING Pan Fried Rice Cakes. Now those were something special. I have seen pictures of them but noticed that they are not always available so I was super excited to see them listed on the Specials board. Fried crisp on the outside and soft and squishy on the inside. The sriracha-kimchee"esque" sauce was quite perfect and I LOVED that the dish was topped with sesame seeds and green onions galore, Service, we were greeted by a boring no smile hostess and our straight face waitress was also Meh. Come to think of it, the teeny tiny bathroom was more impressive than the service. Totally bummed that my Momofuku experience was a bust. I have nearly read the cookbook cover to cover and was looking forward to purchasing the new Milk Bar cookbook. With a less than stellar experience there as well,  I'll just admire the cookbook and the good on paperness from my bookcase.
OMFGMOMOFUKU. I mean, yeah. There are more reviews than one could possibly read but if you're reading this one already, just know that Chang's noodle spot is worth the wait. Let me break it down for you in simple haiku form. Pork buns on a plate Quivering, juicy, sinful Why would you share this? Also, the signature Momofuku ramen noodles were not as good as the brisket ramen, which was with a rich and beefy broth. So get the pork buns (duh), and the brisket ramen.
I am a ramen addict.  I think I have eaten at just about every ramen place in the city. After all those delicious bowls, I can truly say that Momofuku Noodle bar is the best ramen in the city. First, the pork is thick, fatty, and just about the best slice of pork you will ever eat.  The noodles are toothful, just the right consistency to delight your mouth. The broth is rich and salty, piping hot when each bowl reaches the table.  For my money, the only ramen in the city that comes close to matching it is Ippudo, since their broth arguably has a slight advantage, but their pork isn't nearly as good. The wait staff is wonderful--all of them are friendly hipsters, and they all give the impression they are delighted to be working there, even though the place is always hopping.  They don't take reservations, and depending on when you get there, there may be a long wait.  However, IT IS WORTH IT! If you can ever tear yourself away from the cities greatest ramen, all of the other dishes are also amazing.  The pork buns are without question the best on the planet. David Chang is my favorite chef in NYC, and I sometimes order things on the menu that don't sound all that good, just to see what alchemy he has worked to make it delicious. For instance, currently on the menu the have brussels sprouts in  coconut, peanuts, and thai basil. I don't like brussels sprouts, but I ordered it to see if I might like HIS brussels sprouts.  Sure enough, it is DELICIOUS! He has the ability to mix flavors that I would never think would work, and make them into something sensational. If you are a tourist in NYC, this should be on your must do destinations to have a taste of the best of New York.  It is a little out of the way for most tourists, but well worth the effort to see what all the fuss it about.
A friend recommended this place to me since I like ramen so much. We got there just in the nick of time before the dinner crowd.  We were seated upon arrival. We ordered a bunch of plates and shared. The highlight was the ramen - the soup was very flavorful and the noodles and pork sat warm in my stomach. It was hard sharing this bowl because I could have finished it myself. But I'm glad I got to try other items on the menu: sliced sea scallop (soft and juicy) and pork steamed bun (meat had a sweet glaze). The dessert was the best part. The soft serve - cherry olive oil ice twist. Very unique and unlike anything I've ever tasted. Texture was silky smooth and the cherry gave it a pop of flavor. I haven't had anything as good as that since my visit to my NY. Ambience was festive: everyone was having a good time socializing. The price was a little steep but it was worth trying once.
How and why does this place not have five stars?! This is our second favorite place in New York City. The first is L'Artusi. Anyway, I haven't met a dish at Momofuku Noodle Bar that I didn't like. If you are a bun person, you must get the mushroom buns. Yummy. Add a dash of soracha and you are in BUSINESS!!!! The pork buns are good too but really, the mushroom buns are where it's at. If they have Brooklyn Soracha Ace on tap, get it. So, my husband's favorite dish here is the octopus and it is amazing. It's an appetizer portion and definitely won't fill you up. As far as nooldes are concerned, the Momofuku Ramen is delicious. They always cook the egg just perfectly and everything in the soup complements the other...from the seaweed to the egg to the pork to the perfect balance of noodle and broth. I have tried the spicy chicken ramen and it's good, but the flagship ramen is the best. The soft serve flavors they have are seasonal and I'm not a huge fan of the burnt honey and peach, but the truffles are good if you are looking for something sweet. Alternatively, there is a Milk Bar on 2nd ave and about 13th street. The only small drawback here is the Coke. It's an 8 oz bottle and that is the only option. Would be nice if A) they had fountain soda or B) they had an adult-sized bottle.
Yummy, but the seating is uncomfortable.  Bun was good.  Chill atmosphere.  A little crowded for my taste (as far as seating and having other people in your face, I hate that).
The Pork Buns were amazing! We enjoyed the drinks as well. Great place to eat, drink and chat.
Every time I walk by this place and see the long line, I want to say so bad to them, it's not worth it. But then I think, these people deserve it. $16 for ramen is just so sad. This place is over rated and thanks to tourists and New Yorkers who like to follow hype,  it will continue to be over priced ramen.  The ramen is stuck together like a clump, and it will not be enough, because you will still be hungry from a small clump of noodles.
I used to love coming here (to the old space) in the mid-2000's when it was the only restaurant in the Momofuku chain and the lines weren't so long. I came back again recently and it was excellent like I remember. I know there are a lot more ramen places in the city now but this one is still my favorite.
I come here maybe twice a year for the fried chicken dinner. We always get the pork buns, which are very good, and consistently so. Skip the brisket buns, and any other type of buns they offer, because they will not compare to the pork. The fried chicken dinner consists of spicy korean style fried chicken, southern style buttermilk fried chicken, mu shu pancake wraps, lettuce and other vegetables, and 4 sauces (hoisin, a sweet hot sauce, ginger scallion oil, and garlic/jalepeno in soy sauce). I flat out dislike the spicy korean style fried chicken. I don't even go for it anymore. The southern style buttermilk fried chicken is where it's at. Half of the time, it's been perfectly crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The other half, somebody left the fryer on too long. I only gave 3 stars because they lack consistency in the things they are good at. And for a table of 8, would it kill you to give 2 sets of sauces? Just saying...
This was the one place I wanted to go to in NYC this weekend.  And it lived up to the expectations. Of course I had the pork buns and they were marvelous.  Suprising though was how well the chicken buns were also as delicious. The fried rice cakes were unlike anything I have had, and were delicious too. I had the Momofuku ramen--so, so good.   The only ?!? part of the meal was the custard at the end the malted peanutbutter/stout swirl combination was a bit iffy.  If I had ordered just the peanut butter, or just the stout I am sure I would have been happy.   I think I need to go back to NYC just for a whole Momofuku family crawl.
FANTASTIC FOOD! After walking around and building an appetite what better way to satisfy the body then with a bowl of the momofuku ramen. Beautiful slices of pork belly and delicious pork shoulder fill this heavenly bowl and just to make it even more perfect is a poached egg. Delicious I tell you. Simply perfect. Pull up a seat at the bar and just enjoy the ride. P.S. If there is a special bun of the day, order it!
Pork bun is fine, but definitely not the best one in the city. I had momofuku ramen, I really don't like it, that could be the worst ramen I've ever had. ippudo is way much better. Also totally overpriced and overrated. Never come back again.
Went here last winter. The meal is still memorable. I made the apparently gargantuan mistake of missing out on the pork bun, but I did it to try something different and new, the skate wing bun. Same idea, different core ingredient. Also had a clam-based ramen noodle, instead of the usual shoyu stuff. And had an awesome off-dry riesling that paired ethereally with it all. It's been a while, I can't recall the other little and big stars of that rushed lunch. I can recall the huge smile on my face, and that of my wife's, when we walked out the door. We barely made the end of the lunch hour. The place is small, hip, modern, and well worth the edgy wait for the edgy yet great food. Ignore the haters who don't understand. Eat here and enjoy the cutting edge that is the food served here, sharp not for following and setting trends but the edge of what's savory, good, and new in combining Asian and non-Asian flavors and ingredients. There's a reason this guy is one of Bourdain's heroes. Add me to the list.
I had a good time at Momofuku and came early enough (around 5:45pm) to not have to wait at all, though I was by myself and the restaurant was already busy. Waitresses seemed distracted but service was good. I got the Momofuku Ramen. The noodles were just about perfect in my opinion--(I prefer slightly thicker noodles) perfectly cooked, delightfully chewy. The broth was notably egg-ey but also very good (not too salty), and I had a great time watching the cooks put it all together from the bar. By the time I left it was super busy, with many people waiting outside. Prepare to wait. I likely won't return as it's pricey for my student budget, but it was a great bowl of ramen.
The dinner of tamales 3 ways, pork buns, and ramen was delicious. We waited about 20 minutes on a Wednesday evening at 8, which wasn't bad at all. The interior is modern and setup for maximum utility with 2 bar seating areas and 4 bench style seats.
Steamed pork buns are slamming- soft buns ( if u have no teeth it's all good that's how soft they are ) very tender, moist pork belly with the usual cucumber and spicy hoisin-  very good , for 9 bucks 3 little sliders - not bad for 2013 economy!
***** Update 2/20/12: I rarely give FIVE STARS to any restaurants, but I've been to this place over 30 times, so I think it's safe to say that they deserve a high rating after all the amazing meals that I've had there. I often take my out-of-town guests for dinners here and they all love it!  It's best to go during the weeknights if you want to avoid an extremely long wait time.  Out of all the times I have been to this restaurant, I've had exactly one negative experience and when I brought it to the attention of the managers, they were quick to respond and made sure that my next experience was great!   ****** It's worth the wait! Momofuku Noodle Bar has been one of my favorite restaurants in New York City since it first opened and it continues to be at the top of my list for affordable, casual places to dine.   I have been there over 30 times and it's been great.  The management and staff are attentive and try their best to accommodate the rush of people who crowd the restaurant daily.  Also, there are some really great vegetarian options on the menu for you vegetarians out there (queso jalapeno tamale, rice cakes, beet salad, shitake buns, cauliflower, ginger scallion noodles).   My favorite dishes include the following: - Kimchee Pork Tamales - Shitake buns (pork buns are great too!) - Rice Cakes (an interesting take on Korean ddukboki, great to share) - Momofuku Ramen - Ginger Scallion Noodles with pickled shitake Daily Specials that I've loved: - Prawns Ramen - Mushroom Ramen Sides: baby beet salad w/ smoked ricotta, hazelnut, endive cauliflower w/ harissa, walnut, lemon Dessert: any and all of the soft serve options!  Get the twist. *I've been to this place over 30 times and I often take my out-of-town guests for dinners here.  It's best to go during the weeknights if you want to avoid an extremely long wait time.  Out of all the times I have been to this restaurant, I've had exactly one negative experience and when I brought it to the attention of the managers, they were quick to respond and made sure that my next experience was great!
One of the best ramen places I've visited hands down. The service was great, and the waiter helped walk us through our first time here. Got the ginger noodle ramen and it was amazing. Noodles were cooked perfectly and tons of healthy flavor. The beef brisket steamed bun was out of this world as was the shrimp steamed bun. I loved everything about this experience. The kimchi is also a must-try for just $4. For dessert we had the peach cookie and some wonderful PB and strawberry soft serve which was out of this world. Would recommend this place over and over and over again!
I found this place to be overrated. The food was good but maybe it's because I'm Asian and I feel like I could've made the dishes myself. House noodles tasted pretty average, I would only ever go back to Momofuku chain for the milk bar. At least it's off my list!
My lazy ass would never have gotten seated at Momofuku if Arnold and Christel hadn't decided to come to town and planned a chicken dinner.  I am glad they did.  They should come to NY more often as variety in my eating has decidedly suffered since moving across the continent from their admirably nonstop fooding. $100 for two kinds of chicken: Korean style and American style.  It's a very large platter of chicken.  There were eight of us and, even then, three pieces left.  The chicken comes with a bowl of ssam, carrots, radish and a few different kinds of sauces (two that looked like they were made with the Korean hot sauce, go chu jang...one with vinegar and one without).  I only tried one sauce, the scallion one, as that was the first one I tried and immediately became enamoured of it.  Possibly, I could have eaten the whole little container of the scallion sauce all by my lonesome if others weren't there (but then, I would never have bothered to make the effort to reserve the chicken dinner...so there). As for the ssam concept, I am not sure about that with the fried chicken.  I just couldn't get into it.  Instead, I used the wrap (not sure if it was rice flour or not) for just the greens with shiso and the scallion sauce.  Very refreshing.   Part of the reason why I couldn't get into the chicken ssam is that I like to just eat the fried chicken with my hand right off the bone and not deal with utensils.  Surprisingly, I liked the American version better.  The Korean fried chicken wasn't hot enough.  But the American version had a great peppery taste...and something else I couldn't place...maybe cumin? The soy sauce egg was wonderful with the crunchy bits of fleur de sel.  The pork buns were a terrific bite, but I had to wonder: $9?!  I recommend eating the pork buns with some hot sauce.  We also had the ddok buk i.  I like the roasting concept for the rice cakes...but again, not hot enough for my Korean palate that's used to having the zing hit the tongue right away.   While I like some subtle with my French food...not with my Korean food.  My Korean palate is all about the peasant stuff.  I am a pochangmacha girl who likes the dduk bok i with strips of fish cake, some odang soup, and a little styrofoam plate of soondae.  In other words, this might be the perfect meal for someone who's not as much off a peasant as me.
As if this place needs more reviews. Solid food, great service, good times. Momofuku Ramen was deliciously smoky and so filling. The pork buns were a blast, the street-style Mexican corn was great (even our Mexican bud loved it), and the Spicy Chili noodles were actually quite spicy! Nothing too outrageous, just overall good fun.
I cannot get enough of Momofuku Ramen! After the initial visit, every time i wonder what to get for dinner I can't help but crave Momofuku noodle bar. Friday nights, only takes about 25 minutes to be seated, during which time the hostess will bring you drinks if you so desire. Went most recently on a Monday and was seated right away. The pork buns cannot be rivaled by any others I've had (being in love with pork-belly in all forms, I've had more than a few buns from all over) and are perfectly cooked and crispy, complimented by the stellar sticky bun and sauce. The huge Ramen bowl, (a steal at $16 with more than enough to feed 2)  is delicious, with perfectly cooked noodles and tasty broth. Overall, I'd recommend it to anyone looking to try good Ramen; totally lives up to the Momofuku hype.
Momofuku's pork bun is from another planet. Exaggerating a bit? Well, if you tried it, you would know. So the first time I ever tried the pork bun, I just remember it being full of fat. It was the best part of lechon kawali put into a bun with some sort of sauce that brought everything together in a verrrry sinful way. On my last trip to the city, I had to take my boyfriend and his brother to this place simply for the pork bun. It was everything I remembered, maybe more. 2 for $9. That's pretty damn pricey but hey, everything in that place is made and cooked to perfection. We also got the Momofuku Ramen - $16. Yea, that is even a bit TOO much for a bowl of ramen. But after much comparison to other ramen places, I can certainly see why they would charge so much. The ramen itself is very light, airy and simply wonderful. If only all ramen places has ramen noodles like this place. The broth was very clean, flavorful, and didn't taste like I was consuming so much oil and msg. And the egg... All eggs should be cooked like this whenever you put it in your ramen! Why the 4 stars? The prices are borderline ridiculous. Although I understand why, I mean $16 for a bowl of ramen? tip: Expect long lines!
David Chang's interpretation of a ramen shop has brought about many foodies and hipsters to his popular yet casual Noodle Bar. There are a good amount of seats in the restaurants; large communal tables and bar seats at the bar or by the open kitchen. Being seated at the bar, you begin to see how lively the restaurant is and it brings out that unique type of ambiance. We were hoping for a fairly priced lunch today but with Chang's restaurant being at its top, the prices here were ridiculous so we ended up splitting some pork buns and the Momofuku Ramen. The pork buns were just okay considering the pork buns at Ssam Bar were much better in flavor. The ramen itself was also decent with a delicate amount of noodles, some pieces of pork, cabbage, and some nori. I would not say I was displeased with my meal at Noodle Bar, but I really did expect a bit more out of it.
Strong, bold flavors and AMAZING pork buns - that's why I come to this place. Be prepared to wait in line for a while if you're coming for the lunch and/or dinner rush. But it is definitely worth it. I actually like their flavors more than Ippudo! Hand pulled noodles with a few squares of nori, a poached egg, pork belly, and an amazing thick broth...how can you go wrong?!
Celebrate pig. Great, great buns. But the double portion of everything in the ramen bowl makes for a gluttonous experience. Still, pretty tasty.
The place was crowded and somewhat cramped.  There was a short wait (on Good Friday at 12:45) but we got seated in 10 minutes.   The Momofuku ramen was really good IMO (although I'm not a ramen expert) and the pork buns were awesome (full of fatty, porky goodness)!  Really liked the ginger noodles as well. Simple menu, well executed.  Skillful staff.   It was everything I expected it to be and I had high expectations.
Wanted to go to Ippudo but my son said Momofuku is the same so we went for diinner.  Signature ramen just ok.   We liked the shrimp bun.  Brisket bun ok.  The kimchi was great.  I prefer Ippudo.
Are you joking? This is easily the worst ramen in NYC, if not anywhere. It's disgusting. I'd rather have a $2 instant noodle bowl from Sunrise than this overpriced junk. I went with a friend -- neither of us could finish it, and we even had two different flavors. There are SO MANY other, wonderful ramen options in the EV (not incl. Ippudo), I don't understand why this place gets the traffic that it does. But it looks like mostly out-of-towners coming for a famous name... so, oh well. Glad my favorites don't have an hour line-up, since everybody's at this joint. P.S. The pork buns are OK. I've since forgotten what they taste like. Different type of bun, but just do yourself a favor and go pick up a .98 cent roast PB from Mei Li Wah, instead.
One of my friends insisted that our trip to New York included a stop at Momofuku for the pork belly steamed buns. I never say no to pork belly and I've always wanted to try David Chang's restaurants after seeing him on Top Chef, so I was looking forward to dinner at one of the Momofuku restaurants. We opted for dinner at Momofuku's Noodle Bar. When we got there, it was packed--no surprise there--but the hostess told us the wait would only be about 15 to 20 minutes. Well, it wound up being more like 30 to 40 minutes, but it was so worth it for dinner here. Smelling the delicious food cooking up while we were waiting for a table had me salivating, and when we sat down, everything on the menu looked delicious. We started off with two orders of pork belly steamed buns and one order of shiitake mushroom steamed buns. Both were delicious, but of course I'm partial to the pork belly. The buns were nice and airy, not gummy or slimy. The pork belly was cooked perfectly--nice and crunchy on the outside and perfectly tender inside, just like pork belly should be. The shiitake mushrooms were very flavorful and very tender, a nice vegetarian alternative to the pork belly. For my entree, I ordered the bowl of chilled chili noodles. The ramen noodles were served cold in a spicy chili oil, the kind that starts off slow then gets very spicy by the end of the meal. It was topped with spicy Sichuan sausage, spinach and candied cashews. The noodles were nice and tender. The sausage was very flavorful, and not too spicy, pairing well with the chili oil. The sweet candied cashews were the perfect way to cool off from the spicy chili oil. One of my friends ordered the ramen, which was just as delicious as I'd imagined it would be. Again, some perfectly cooked pieces of pork belly, alongside sliced pork shoulder and an egg. The noodles had a nice texture in a great broth. Another one of my friends had one of the night's specials--braised short ribs with foie gras and tofu. I didn't try any, but I heard it was spectacular. Our server was very friendly and happy to explain more of the menu to us. And even though the restaurant was packed, he got our food out quickly. It was nice to see how coordinated the team of servers and bussers at Momofuku were--they clearly know how to get people in and out efficiently (though admittedly not always comfortably). The restaurant was packed, with tables practically elbow to elbow and back to back. I got nudged several times throughout the course of dinner, so if you like personal space, try for a seat at the bar instead. It's definitely a vibrant, bustling atmosphere inside, both at the tables and the bar. I liked the use of stools at the table and at the bar, giving it a true noodle bar feel. Momofuku's Noodle Bar is a great way to check out David Chang's restaurant empire without shelling out the pennies like you would at Má Pêche. I was surprised how reasonable the food was--generous portions on entrees that were well under $20 apiece. (But maybe I'm used to the high prices they charge at restaurants back in California.) I'd definitely recommend coming here to try the pork belly buns and their infamous ramen. Momofuku is definitely worth the wait and even when crowded, it's a fun dining experience grabbing a seat or a table at this noodle bar.
One of these days, I'll get into Ko, it will be fantabulous, and you will hear all about it.  But since I don't anticipate this happening before 2011, the original noodle bar a few doors down will have to suffice.   There is alot to not get about the whole Momofuku enterprise.  The price-to-portion ratio can be a little steep.  The quarters are (at all three locations) cramped, crowded, and noticeably seatback-free.  And then there's the straight from Home Depot interior (ya, I was dining with a designer) that presumes either one of the following: that you think your diners 1) are too stupid to notice how half-assed it is or 2) will be much too distracted by what's on their plate to even care.   Momofuku, thankfully, errs on the side of the latter.  The steamed bun appetizer is the house specialty here, and is available in either chicken, pork, or shitake mushroom varieties.  The bun is actually served as a modified taco, with the rich, slightly sweet bun folded around crisp scallions, cucumbers, and Berskhire-raised pork, with judicious (but not excessive) amounts of bbq sauce.  Much has been made of Momofuku's frequent parings of Asian and Southern American cooking traditions, but the dishes repeatedly tended more to the austere subtlety of Asian cooking techniques than the finger-licking sensibilities of Southern BBQ; slightly more Singapore than Rocky Mount.   That said, the Fried Veal Sweetbreads, while tasty (and deliciously Chicken McNugget-esque, per Stephanie Izzard), were, well, fried.  I have struggled to like sweetbreads in all their various incarnations, and while I practically gobbled the whole serving, I couldn't quite get past the fact that most anything (including thymus glands) would taste this good fried.  But kudos to Momo for making me a believer.   Anyways, the Seared Duck Salad that followed came garnished with pickled cherries, yellow wax beans, and what appeared to be some sort of mellowed peppercorn.  You will struggle to get every single one of these flavors on your fork but it will be well worth it.  Grab a bite of the duck before mixing anything else, you won't regret it.  And this is item is only on their current summer menu: so run, don't walk.   Our last dish, the crispy rice cake with shrimp, cashew, and tamago, was probably the weakest of the four we ordered but still quite good.  Our main gripe was with prepation: the rice cakes were perfectly crispy and an excellent compliment to the natural smokiness of the shrimp.  That said, the cashews should have been sauted with the rice cakes, instead of sprinkled raw over the finished dish. This made it almost impossible to get all the incredients on one fork, an act made even more difficult by the excessive amounts of house bbq used on the dish.   If I am to stear you away from anything though, do not (for the love of god) order the Tamarind Celery soda . . . unless, of course, you enjoy drinking V8 as a pallet cleanser!
I know there's been a lot of hype about the Momofuku restaurants. I've read numerous reviews, both professional and not. People either love them or hate them and inevitably talk about all the hype. However, on my recent trip to NYC, all I wanted to do was try out these restaurants and I finally did. I dined at both the Noodle Bar and the Ssam Bar (review coming). I don't think I've ever been more impressed with a restaurant than I was with the Noodle Bar. I don't know if the stars simply aligned in my favor that night or what, but it was total perfection. The wait: 25 min. Damn good for a Friday night. The wine: meh, but it's not like I'm a connoisseur anyway. My friend and I split 3 dishes... Dish one: The Pork Buns -- can you say amazing? I mean like life-saving, smack somebody amazing. I phoned a friend, literally. Dish two: The grilled wings -- finger-licking good, dumb fly, wicked awesome. Insert whatever local expression you prefer. simply delicious. Dish three: The Momofuku Ramen -- $16 and worth every bite. The pork was tender, the broth was well-seasoned and the noodles were perfectly al dente. At $45 (meal, tax & tip) each, my  friend and I walked out of there completely stuffed, insanely happy, more cash to spare than expected and in serious need of a nap. In case that's not clear enough, that's a damn good meal. If I had to find a flaw, I'd say the drink menu could use an overhaul.
"I run on anger and hate." This is David Chang's quote from from Anthony Bourdain's latest book, Medium Raw. How could I not go to this guy's place? I was only interested in Ramen, but based on the yelp reviews, I had to order the pork buns too. They don't take reservations, so after 35 minutes of waiting and drinking beer, we got a table. The waitress said that the special appetizer was the wings.  The waitress said there would be 7-8 wings per order.  Too bad only 6 came. As for the pork buns, they were ridiculously tasty. After having one bun, I thought about canceling my ramen order and getting another order as my entree. It's really a pork belly bun.  My pork belly was 99% pork fat.  There was maybe a sliver of meat, maybe the width of a toothpick in pork bun. Then there was the ramen. The soft boiled egg basically disintegrated when I touched it, so it just because part of the broth. I would have like the ramen better if the soup wasn't as salty.  Otherwise, my only other complaint was that there wasn't enough noodles.
Okay tasting, very expensive, very small portion. I don't really understand why it's so popular???
pork buns. shiitake buns. call it a day.
OVERRATED.    DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! scallion noodles- salty, tasteless! they use cheap ramen noodles pork buns- okay smoked wings- TERRIBLE!, almost a joke... (can guarantee you this is the worst dish on the menu) I would rather eat packaged shin ramen over momofou ramen any day, -Will never go back -People who wait more then 5 minutes to eat here are absolutely silly/ have poor taste. -David Chang, nice try but please work on your recipes especially smoked wings!
Hmmm... I do appreciate what they are doing here: Locally sourced ingredients, great pork preparation, community tables. But I have to say: This place costs twice of other noodle/ramen houses in California that are better. Although the line moves fast, the seating is EXTREMELY CLAUSTROPHOPIA-INDUCING- literally, you have 2 feet of table width per person! Big hype and crowds, but I didn't feel it lived up to it at all, perhaps there are less of these places in NYC than out west. Service was almost non-existant, I had to track down our hostess to process the bill and I waited by the door because the seating was so cramped I was going to have a panic attack! NYC I love you! Dishes were around $10-$15
Came here to meet up with some friends. We waited for at least 30 minutes. They don't seat you until your party is here. Apparently they do take reservations since there was an empty table for a party of 8 (which ended up being 4 ugh) the whole time we were waiting. Got the momofuku ramen of course. The bowl makes it seem like the portions are big, but not as much. Overall, generally good but I've had better.
All you need to know is walk in and order a couple pork belly buns. Make sure that if you're with someone else, that they order their own. This is the kind of thing you're not going to want to share, because it's likely that it will be one of the most delicious things you'll ever eat. Yup, it's that damn good. Unfortunately for Momofuku, their ramen doesn't even begin to come close to being as delicious as their pork buns. It's OK, but  So feel free to stop in for some buns as an appetizer, and head over a bit further into town for some Totto ramen. Definitely put Momofuku pork buns on your to do list, whenever traveling to NY.
The buns saved the meal. We actually came to Momofuku Noodle Bar for the Fried Chicken large format dinner.  It's essentially a fried chicken meal for 4-8 people, at $100.  Comes with two types of fried chicken, sauces, wraps, and veggies.  We had 7 in our group so figured that's the perfect amount.  Our server did suggest us to order more food so my friend and I ordered all 3 buns that were available that day, as well as the two ramen options on the menu, Momofuku Ramen and Spicy Miso. For the buns, all 3 were delicious.  I've had the pork buns at Ssam Bar so I knew I would be feasting on some delicious fatty pork belly.  I didn't think I'd like the shrimp bun, since it has spicy mayo and I'm not a fan of mayo, but it was very tasty!  It's more like a fried shrimp cake rather than pieces of shrimp.  The 3rd one that night was the shiitake bun.  Fried shiitake with hoisin sauce, scallions, and cucumber.  Similar sauce and topping as the pork bun, but totally different flavor.  The fried shiitake is very crunchy!  Totally different from the pork bun in terms of texture too. As for the ramen, I think my friend and I are spoiled by the ramen in Cali.  Momofuku Ramen has a lighter broth, with pork belly, pork shoulder, and poached egg as the main toppings.  Besides the perfectly cooked ramen noodles, we didn't think much of the ramen.  A little too bland for us.  The meats were quite flavorless in the ramen too.  The egg was great though.  Usually you see soft boiled egg, but with a poached egg, you get that super runny yolk and it just slowly immerses itself with the broth.   For the Spicy Miso, the main toppings are smoked chicken and the poached egg.  The smoked chicken didn't have much to it and it really was not spicy enough. As for the Fried Chicken Dinner, we were pretty disappointed with it.  Comes with two types, Southern and Korean fried.  The Southern has a buttermilk & Old Bay batter, but the crust was just way too hard.  We were expecting it to be crunchy, not break out tooth off.  The Korean fried chicken is triple fried.  The spicy glaze was great, and had a crunchier crust.   They also provided mushu wraps, bibb lettuce, assortment of herbs, and sauces to make your own wraps.  I did not like the mushu wraps at all because once it cooled down, it was way to chewy to eat.  The sauces were a soy sauce dressing, scallion, gochujang, and hoisin sauce.  It was fun to try the chicken out with different sauces and different herbs, but I could not get over the fact how hard the crust was. The Fried Chicken dinner sounded so good, but it was a big disappointment.  The ramen didn't impress us either.  Thank goodness for the delicious buns!
Grab a Lonestar longneck, order pork and/or shitakke buns, and a bowl of hot ramen with chicken.  Top this all off with some soft-serve - the flavors change all the time and they're always unique and tasty.  Devour said course and leave with this warm feeling that all is right with the world. You don't require a reservation here but I recommend coming for lunch where you can usually find a spot if you're there before 12:30p.  I used to head over at least 1x a week and now that I'm out of the city, its one of those places you wish you had next door.
Is it just me that thinks Momofuku's ramen is a total bust? The broth tasted overseasoned and unbalanced, and I couldn't get anywhere near finishing it. So many other higher-quality ramen noodles/broths elsewhere in the city. I will say that, true to their reputation, the pork buns were awesome. That said, not sure I'd endure the longass wait just for... pork buns.
Uuuuh, what a huge disappointment. My party waited 45 minutes, which isn't ridiculous for a high volume restaurant, but from the time we ordered it took another 30 minutes to receive the food. Among the three of us we had the brisket and rice dish along with two bowls of pork ramen. If you've ever eaten at Ippudo, you'll know the ramen served at Momofuku is way out of it's league compared to the real deal. The various bits of pork were overcooked and the noodles could have been straight out of the 99 cent packaged ones found at the grocery store. Surprisingly, the broth was decent, but still only 3 stars worthy. Just writing this review reminds me of how disappointing the food was. Also, the brisket was served barely warm. Save yourself the disappointment and head over to Ippudo for ramen and BaoHaus for pork buns.
Pretty solid - not my favorite - but solid nonetheless. Have eaten here enough times to be over it and not that anxious to return as there are several more exciting options around town with tastier ramen and better menu offerings / better service / better settings. Not really worth the crowd in my opinion - the place is just OK.
Was decent ramen but nothing mindblowing. If you think this ramen is out of this world, you got to get out of NYC more often!  The pork buns were great, though.
Overpriced, too salty, pretentious spot with obnoxious service (or lack thereof).  Ramen was inedible, so salty - place wouldn't provide any vinegar to balance out the dish - even though they had it.  It''s not like this is a 5 star restaurant, loose that attitude! What a sham.   I've been to Ma Peche and Momofuku - have no idea why David Chang is given any attention at all.  Save your money don't come here!  Go to Ippudo NY instead, they could charge $30 for a bowl of ramen there and it would still be a bargain, compared to this dump.
Have dined here several times and always enjoyed it.  Service is good and food is great.  Love the steamed pork buns (and can overlook the layer of fat in them, since they're so good).  Noodle bowls are yummy and large portions. Atmosphere is lively and you sit at communal tables, which works out fine.  Fun vibe. Haven't yet tried the fried chicken but that's just another reason to go back!
Ramen was really good, I had the Spicy Miso, and having the miso ramen base was unique from most ramen i've had before.  The poached egg that's included makes it all the better, as well as the seaweed garnish.  Pair it with an IPA and it makes for a surprisingly hearty meal that leaves your appetite satisfied.  This is surprising as I can generally down two or three bowls of ramen before feeling full, but the noodles had a somewhat denser consistency that make it worth your while. Noodle Bar also serves some limited dessert options from the Momofoku bakery Milk Bar.  I had the ritz cookie which was a sugar cookie laced with ritz crackers, a perfect sweet and salty combination.  The place is small and tight, but I guess that's the way of a lot of ramen restaurants.
This place was super busy, while we waited we tried the purple slushy- if you like Icee then you must try it! The seating at the bar was crowded but the waiters were engaging and quite helpful! The chicken wings were worth a try, the shrimp buns were delicious.
Very non traditional ramen. We tried the momofuku ramen and it was definitely different. The broth was smokey/soy saucy. The noodle were thinner than usual and a little too hard for our taste. The pork belly buns were amazingly good. But to pay extra to have pork belly in the ramen wasn't worth it. Overall the ramen was ok. It wasn't for us. Just thinking about all the trouble it took us to get here we wish it would have been better.
The last 2 times that I ate at Momofuku I made myself so sick stuffing my face with all the pork goodness. I'm not going to lie, the food is yummy - I mean with all the pork fat they use, how can it not be! You definitely have to order the pork buns! As a matter of fact, you can just go there and fully satisfy yourself with 2 orders of these... If your stomach still has room for more food and your arteries are not clogged yet, definitely try the following dishes: - anson mills grits & gulf shrimp (best grits i've ever had especially because they put a "poached-inside-the-shell-egg" on the grits which makes for a creamier, yummier dish) - momofuku ramen (you're at momofuku! be brave at have the momoramen! the normal pork ramen is for wusses) - ginger scallion (the only vegetarian dish on the menu and absolute yumminesssssssss) As a gal that used to work at the old Momofuku, I assure you that the ingredients they use are always fresh and the menu seasonal... do ask the well-trained waitstaff for sake suggestions, they have a nice collection! Another fact that will entice you is that it's a chef's restaurant ... come Monday when chefs in the most popular NY restaurants are taking a rest, they go to Momofuku for some good grub!
Over the years I've read about Momofuku I've been intrigued by the story of David Chang - enough so that I was excited to see the PBS series Mind of a Chef featuring him. I liked what I saw so I also bought the book named Momofuku by Chang. Great stories, photos & recipes. I finally had a chance to visit the restaurant this week and the food, atmosphere and experience lives up to the hype in my opinion. I had the signature Momofuku Ramen. And, as has been pointed out by Chang and many diners, the broth has an exceptional thick smoky taste (I think that's Umami) and the combination of the rest of the ingredients - pork, egg, noodles and seaweed are proportioned for a great taste experience. I wanted to try something else so I ordered the chicken wings which were OK - cooked well and tasty - but not over-the-top special. I also ordered a local farmhouse ale - I'm forgetting the brand. Including a tip I paid $50 which for an interesting tasty treat is not bad. Momofuku is a destination stop in IMHO - not an everyday kind of place - as I typically wouldn't feel satisfied paying $16 for a bowl of ramen. I would recommend Momofuku in any case for a good overall experience.
I ordered the standard Momofuku ramen...and it was salty as heck! I'm a salt-whore but I had trouble eating all the ramen because the soup was akin to drinking soy sauce with salt. The pork buns were quite unexpected. They came in a taco form (I'm used to the traditional closed/steamed buns) and were layered with succulent goodness. Juicy slices of pork, some scallion, hoisin sauce, and cucumbers stuffed in a bun mmmm..... This is a noodle bar but I feel that their noodles are subpar compared to everything else.
I thought ramen would only be good for winter, BUT NO, THERE ARE SUMMER BOWLS. Came here with a friend at around 1pm for lunch on Sunday and we got: Ginger Scallion Noodles - Rather salty sauce, but noodles were very chewy - Warm dish with no broth - Love the pickled shiitakes - Vegetarian dish, but you can add meat to it - Refreshing eat for a hot day Bibim Gooksu - Thin noodles - Again, warm dish with no broth - Generous amount of pork - Heavy sauce, but still a good dish choice for summer The bowls seem small, but maybe because the sauce they use are heavy, both my friend and I felt very satisfied after our bowl.
Usually for ramen or noodle places, I'm all about the hole-in-the-wall or pho stands.  My out-of-town friends convinced me try.  I think the food was fantastically plated and delish.  It's very limited in terms of glutenfree options, but the staff was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly.  My friends all really enjoyed their ramen, esp the one with a poached egg.  Wished I could have had a an entire pork bun - the meat was perfect.  I would give it a solid 3.5 stars, deducting half a star for the cost of the food.
Went here for my birthday back in July.  Honestly one of the best meals I have ever ate.  Ignore all these bad reviews and just go, its truly amazing and yummy.
If I could eat here every day I would. The cold Sichuan noodles were flavourful, unique, and very spicy! The pork ramen has a deep and complex taste that is not to be missed. We couldn't get enough of the house kimchee. I highly recommend it.
This is overrated and overpriced. I paid $16 for a ramen bowl with some pieces of pork. No vegetable no nothing. Plus it's too crowded. The wait was 30 mins even though we were initially told 15 mins. You end up like you've spent all day working in the kitchen due to lack of air flow. I can't imagine anyone would want to come here when in East Village/St Marks you're surrounded by good affordable ramen places.
Yes, you have to wait for an obscene amount of time and they don't even act like they want you there (particularly if you're a vegetarian like me), but those crispy shitake steamed buns just keep me coming back (I'm fairly certain they put crack in them).   As you've probably heard, there's one vegetarian option, ginger scallion noodles. It's okay, but it's pretty one note halfway through the bowl. And,it could really use some broth (only if David Chang weren't such a stubborn guy and would make a batch of vegetarian broth.. but I digress). I really just come here for the buns, the noodles are an after thought and I just order them to act like I'm partaking in the noodle bar experience (which is a bit faux without broth... but I digress). If you're lucky enough to land one of the bar seats you'll get a view of the chefs on the line and it's non-stop entertainment. Afterall, we eat out to be entertained, no? Bottom line, is it worth the wait? I don't know. Will I be in that line waiting again in the future? Yes. Should you try it at least once in your life? Yes. Go now, don't look back.
Fabulous Momofuku has moved into what was formerly Krystals Cafe. As sad as I am that Krystals is no more more in the East Village, I am delighted that Momofuku has made it's way into this redone larger space.  The pork ramen is still decadent and satisfying, the fried chicken crispy and flavorful and the brussel sprouts roasted to a salted crunch.   Do order a cone of cream chese soft serve ice cream if you possibly have the room to enjoy one. You'll love the sweet orange surprise inside!
Heavenly, heavenly steamed pork buns.  Oh my god, these really are amazing.  The special Momofuku ramen, though, didn't really excite me so much.  After reading so many raving reviews of their ramen, and being persuaded by the hype in the New Yorker's article on David Chang and his restaurants, I did come to Momofuku with high expectations.  It was disappointing to me that the ramen at Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa, CA tastes much, much better--more complex flavors and textures, heartier noodles, yummier fish cake. What pleasantly surprised me the most about Momofuku was their dessert, a small cup of Peanut Butter and Cracker Jack swirled soft serve ice cream topped with Butterfinger crumbles.  This sounds simple enough, but wow, I've never had such buttery, densely flavored soft serve.
I took a $20+ cab ride to come here.  I've wanted to come for so long.  It was worth it.   I purposely waited to arrive after the lunch rush, and got right in.  Sitting at the bar is always the most fun for me, so it worked out great.  Normally I would order the veggie option, but I thought I should really go for the traditional pork ramen ~ it was delicious, but next time I would go the veggie route as I would probably enjoy it more. Next time I am back in town with my man, we will stop by.  Excellent food and simplicity go a long way with us.
For being the namesake dish at a NOODLE bar owned by the great David Chang, the Momofuku Ramen was pretty abysmal.  The noodles were rubbery, the broth had no depth, and all the pork shoulder was tough and clumped together.  I love runny eggs but this one was hardly cooked at all and dissolved into a liquidy mess as soon as I bit into it.  I took half to go but ended up throwing it out. The steamed pork buns, however, were the saving grace.  Definitely order the buns if you're here.
This is Momofuku's casual, affordable alternative and they don't take reservations. We waited an hour and a half on a Monday evening, so be prepared to queue up. Inside, it's warm and friendly though very crowded. It was really very good, although it was definitely casual comfort food so if that's not what you're looking for go elsewhere. Overall, I'm glad I gave this place a try.
Pork buns & Momofuku ramen are a must try! A bit $$$ though.
Can't believe I'd forgotten to review this place! I've never had an unpleasant or dissapointing experience at Momofuku - which I think most people would agree with if they've played it safe and stuck to the ramen or the pork buns. The pork buns are delicious - I'm no pork fan by any means but it's so tender and delicious it won me over. Also love the Momofuku and miso ramen. If you want dessert, check out the milk bar a few blocks over - also brilliant.
Momofuku never fails to deliver an excellent meal.  The pork buns are the best anywhere and the green pea ice cream is unbelievable.  Never attempt to eat here on a Saturday night...you'll be waiting for hours.  I've never tried the famous fried chicken, but if it's half as good as the many meals I've had here than I can't wait to sample it.  This is as good as it gets in my price range.
Walked in at 2pm on Sunday, and our party of two was seated immediately at the bar. Our severely hipster of a waitress greeted us and took our order of kimchi, pork buns, spicy miso and momofuku ramen. She immediately came back with kimchi, and did not return for 40 minutes. Yup...four zero. So we were left sitting there, picking at the extremely delicious fermented and salty kimchi for 40 minutes. The rest of the food eventually came, but we were really disappointed in the execution of the meal and the lackluster service. Our waitress spoke to us twice. Someone from the kitchen brought out our food. The ramen was good, but definitely not worth the high cost. It's incredible how service can color your impression of a dining experience.... I'm from out of town, so I can cross this place off my dining bucket list, but I would never be a repeat customer.
I've eaten at Momofuko many times. Yet, i wanted to have a fresh experience in order to write a proper review. Thankfully, I was in Manhattan last week and popped in for dinner with my best friend. Here's what we had last week: Brisket buns. Holy cow they were delicious! When they arrived, I asked whether the server mistakenly brought us pork belly, as the beef was perfectly rectangular and had dark hues of pink and black. My buddy indicated that the coloring, and the almost bark like texture on the outside comes from how they finish it on the stove. Once I bit into one, however, it was immediately clear that this was a beautiful brisket. The meat nearly fell apart in my mouth. Phenomenal. Per usual, I had the Momofuko Ramen (their signature ramen). In my opinion, this is a solid bowl of noodles. Is it the best ramen I've ever had? Probably not, but it's a very special concoction and hits on a lot of cylinders. I appreciate that the noodles are always perfectly cooked (what's the word for 'al dente' in Japanese?). The slow poached egg adds a deep richness and consistency to the bowl. I've followed David Chang's recipe, and have made these eggs at home on a lot of occasions. Holding them at just the right temperature for about 45 minutes does magical things to the yolk. The pork belly and shoulder give the dish significant depth. The further along you get into the bowl, the greater the smokiness of the pork comes through. I can't recall what greens are added to the ramen. They are a little crunchy near the ends and offer a nice texture compared with to the silkiness of the other ingredients. My buddy had the spicy miso ramen. I only had one taste, so can't really say much. That one taste, however, convinced me to order it next time I'm there. Like some other folks on Yelp, I hate how tight it is at the tables. That said, I'm usually so engrossed in my ramen that I don't really notice. Service is typically attentive, the beers are great, music rocks, the price is right, and the wait is never too crazy.
Only a 5 to 10 minute wait on Sunday for lunch. The Mrs and I got a seat at the counter, my preference, and were ready to order since we had reviewed the menu during our brief wait. Soy egg (her) Jar of kimchi Tamale Trio: 1. pork and kimchi  2. jalapeno queso  3. spicy sausage  They might have been the best tamales that I have eaten since I was in Memphis!  They went very well with the kimchi too! Pork buns Wife had the ginger scallion noodles with cucumber and pickled mushrooms.   I thought it was a very good dish.   I had the foie gras special that had some foam and some pineapple.  It was very good but not very filling. I drank the dark and stormy/apple cider slushie.  Love it. For dessert we did the banana and tea twist that came topped with some crushed and toasted almond crunch. All the food came out very quick and we had another great time.
Sat at the bar right when we walked in...much more room upfront, than the cramped back bar. But catch the cold from the stream of people coming and going. Atmosphere is casual and lively. Not as trendy as Ippudo, but you are going for the noodles. The noodles are good, and worth the trip. We went chicken on steam buns and in the ramen, and next time will try the pork on one. The chicken is a square patty made of somewhat shredded chicken--its good, but just not what was expecting. The broth and noodles had a smokey flavor that makes it a bit more tasty and unique than other places. On flavor, vote for these over ippudo. Although I am still a wagamama fan from the uk One thing thats not cool is the $8 beers--c'mon really, $8 for a 12oz bottle is pushing it in my book
We came here because we didn't want to wait 2 hours for Ippudo. Service was pretty darn quick and very responsive. Food-wise, we were sad we didn't get to go to Ippudo. My tummy felt funny the next day, though the ramen was completely acceptable for the price point.
I'm sure it seems by now that all I do is give out 5 star reviews.  Well, that's because a) I've been lucky with my restaurant selections b) The good restaurants stick out with me more.  I know, that's backwards. Let me tell you something, though: this place is Momofuku'in good. Party of 5 on a Tuesday night.  We were out by LGA, and took a cab to London NYC, then walked down to Times Square, then cabbed again to Momofuku.  We were an indecisive bunch. Prepare to wait.  Even though it was a Tuesday, this place was slammin'.  we waited about 30 mins (which I'm now learning is about average).  They did serve us beer while we waited, so that was helpful. We ordered apps in the form of tamales (3 kinds, all delicious), pork buns (I could eat those all day), and kimchi (I usually hate it, but it was Tony-the-Tiger greeeeeeeeeat).  As for the meal, we pretty much all got the Momofuku ramen.  Included is pork belly, pork shoulder, and poached egg.  This is as authentic as it gets, and it was so good that I couldn't help but scarf it down.  Granted, I have never been to Japan before (and don't plan to in the near future), but it's definitely no Maruchan you're eating. Probably not the cheapest noodle bar, but thank god for expense accounts.
Came in for the famed fried chicken lunch. Major disappointment. I have had better, more flavorful, fried chicken in many NYC spots that do not require such pain-in-the-a reservations. The food was really a let down. Friendly and professional service, however.
It was good... went on a Monday night around 9pm and though the place was packed, my date and I were seated immediately.  Prompt, courteous service, and very knowledgeable.   Those pork buns that people are raving about were very good... best part of the meal.  Although, don't hate me, but maybe they are a little overhyped.  They were very good, but not one of those items where you literally have an uncontrollable food-gasm right then and there, which is kinda what I was expecting. I got a squid dish which was a special that night- very tasty and plenty for one although it was advertised as an appetizer.  My date got the miso, which was very fresh and well-prepared, but the flavor was too strong and earthy for much more than 9 or 10 spoonfuls.   I'd go back to try the ramen and some other small dishes... fun place.
ok, we went here to follow the hype, so you get what you ask for i guess. first off, know that they close at 5 and then re-open at 5:30 (or is it 4:30 then 5? no, that's their other spot) so not knowing that, but arriving at 5:15 prior to catching an early train, we were fine with waiting a bit. but beware, the restless mob starts to assemble around that time also.. the goods: nice decor. friendly staff, food comes out quickly but well done. if you sit at the counter, there's a sort of ambiance in watching the kitchen staff do their thing. pork buns (i'm not a conessieur, but they tasted good) the bads: overpriced. not sure why the hype.  hyper clientelle. playing guns n' roses type throwback metal pretty loudly when was there. the okays: entrees (momofuku pork, chicken ramen) i'd go back if the thought didn't exhaust me so much.
Momofuku, funny name yes, but there's nothing funny about their eats. When it comes down to food, they mean business. I came with my family for Sunday lunch. Luckily, we were one of the firsts in the door when they finally opened. It got packed within 5 minutes! Now onto the good stuff... Momofuku ramen, excellent. Noodles were perfectly cooked, pork was delicious, broth was flavored to perfection. Pork buns and shrimp buns are a must have, the pork melts in your mouth! Grilled corn (off the cob)  a little spicy, tossed with cotija cheese and lime. Delish! And last but not least, cream sickle slushie, love it! Orange and cream smoothie with a twist (of soju, that is)
Really great. Fast service once you finally get to sit down. Honestly as a casual ramen eater this was the best I've ever had. The pork belly and poached egg... oh maaan. And you get a good amount. The pork buns are pretttttyyyy small but the shrimp one was tasty, way tastier than the sausage one. Soju slushie is very very good and refreshing, though I wish it was a little stronger for the price. Also, super nice and accommodating staff! We had a group of 9 for dinner and they don't take reservations so we expected a long wait even on a Tuesday, but the host offered us different seating options to shorten our wait. It was also my boyfriend's birthday, and I had emailed earlier asking if I could bring in a Momofuku cake from Milk Bar a couple blocks away and they were cool with it, even though the singing and candle lighting made a ruckus. They even provided plates and forks as well as packed up our leftovers. All in all a good night out, and I'd probably come back with a smaller group of 2-3 and sit at the bar.
This restaurant is amazing. We had brussel sprouts and chicken wings, fantastic appetizers! After reading the reviews in yelp, I ordered Spicy miso ramen and loved it! My husband ordered the pork miso ramen and liked it but wished that he ordered the same as mine. Yes, it's spicy but not omg it's spicy! We plan to come back tomorrow with our friends, it's definitely worth the wait.
Here's how I came up with the calculation of four stars. No reservations and a thirty minute minimum wait in a neighborhood where parking is impossible, followed by eventual seating next to nauseatingly affluent "urban woodsman" hipsters at hard picnic-style tables or on hard, high bar stools at a counter by drafty windows: 1 High prices no matter how you cut it: 2 Deafening atmosphere due to the open kitchen, full house, and AWFUL mainstream/indie music: 2 Morphing menu that keeps the originals but discontinues other masterpieces at will: 3 Scornful Korean-American owner (haven't met him, but got the drift from his cookbook) who is not afraid to create Asian fusion food under a Japanese name while serving jars of kimchee as a side to remember his roots to us all: 4 Uncommonly round, unblemished soft-boiled eggs: 4 Astonishment the first time I ever went there and found out for the first time IN MY LIFE that Ramen has nothing to do with that shit that comes in a packet at the grocery store: 5 The fact that the establishment uses ingredients from local and organic producers: 5 The fattiest pork belly ever found which will melt in your mouth rather than make you choke or gag: 5 Average: 3.4...rounded up to 4 because it's still defnitely worth going here. The first time I visited Momofuku was near Christmastime. Finally sheltered from the bitter cold, two friends and I went the whole nine yards, scarfing the candy-like steam buns and thick frozen alcoholic cocktails alive with ginger. We ordered a bowl of Ramen, the Ginger Scallion Noodles, and something with a bunch of spicy sweet cashews and nuts mixed into it...then mixed and matched it all. We didn't have room for sides or desserts, but saw plenty of others snorting over jarred eggs and other pickled curiosities. It was a magical, almost lifechanging culinary episode in my life, and I knew better than to write a review coming off that food high. Then, I went last Saturday with a group of six that included two jetlagged businesspeople straight from high-browed Seoul. We were effectively denied admission by the fact that there was a TWO HOUR WAIT. The very next day, two of my friends from the previous night and I went back and were seated in a little over half an hour at the bar, which is actually preferable to being ensconced by strangers at ground level where the masses are herding about like Mid-town commuters at the turnstile. Unlike my first visit, all of us were there for only one thing: the $16 bowl of Ramen. The second time I tasted the Ramen was definitely different. First of all, I'd built it wayyyy up in my head with flavors that do not exist anywhere on Earth, not even in Momofuku-land. Second, I'd since had *real* Ramen at a *proper* Japanese place, and now, this bowl didn't taste as revolutionary as it did when all I knew was Sapporo Ichiban and Cup of Noodle. Third, I swear that the broth was way saltier than I'd had it the first time. On the upside, the pork was as soft , sweet, and fatty as ever, and I realized that it is now the sole reason why this dish still has something of an edge over traditionals...it caters to American meat-fat hounds like myself. The noodles, too, are different; Chang's interesting but impossible-to-actually-use cookbook reveals that the secret to the al dente denseness of the yellow ropes of dough is alkaline salt. That said, this is a place where you go only once in a while because of the dreadful wait and painful prices. The food is like candy; you will delight in it, but it does seem to prove that the law of diminishing marginal utility exists. In translation, when you order what you thought was an instant favorite, it might not be quite like the first time. Yet a strange fear of opportunity cost might keep you from trying something new... Why the hell am I using economic analogies here...I mean that the food is a novelty that you won't crave every day, but by the time you go again, you will want the same thing all over again because you'll be loathe to waste your dough on something that might just turn out to be funky and overrated in addition to being just plain expensive. Everyone recommends the steam buns to first timers, and it's true that they are crowd pleasers, much like Stieg Larsson novels and Justin Bieber. But they disappear in three manic bites and you realize you paid nine bucks for bread full of air and hot fat. Strap up and get the Ramen, where the same pork AND tender piles of shredded, (pleasantly) oily pork appear in a smoky, salty broth in between a pile of chewy noodles sprinkled with fine, crunchy scallion shavings.
The restaurant was fairly full just a few minutes shy of noon, but we luckily got seats at the counter right away.  When we looked up from the menus a few moments later, we saw folks standing around waiting for a spot. The dishes: Roasted Foie Gras  with celery root & miso puree, brown butter & apple: a *fantastic*  treatment of foie - perhaps the best dish of our trip to NYC? I was worried that the pineapple might be too sweet but it was perfect - grilled tender and a nice sweet-sour counterpoint to the seared rich liver. Sauteed Tuscan Kale with fennel, pickled crosnes, pork broth.  Wonderful use of the esoteric, unusual tuber - crosnes - also called Chinese or Japanese artichoke - they were delicious, pickled and crunchy, coupled with the rich nutty kale in savoury pork broth. Momofuku Ramen - almost a requirement, this $16 bowl of ramen is worth every penny - with 2 thick slices of pork belly and a good chunk of shredded and tender pork shoulder... the broth was so unctuous that I yearned for a platter of the pickled vegetables at Ssam Bar... Ginger Scallion Noodles - after 4 days of eating through NYC, the husband was ready for something a bit lighter - a bowlful of housemade pasta topped with seasonal veggies - another David Chang signature dish... I took bites of this dish in between slurps of ramen - it was a nice contrast (though I think it could have used a tad more acid...). The Noodle Bar was our last stop on the way out from NYC, and it was a fantastic and fitting final meal.
The pork belly was slamming, the ramen was kinda disappointing.   Broth was very salty and it was a boring ramen overall. It gets a barely passing 75/100 if it was graded on a test level. However, the party next to us ordered the fried chicken platter.  While I was eating my ramen, I was eying their fried chicken with envy. I asked about the fried chicken and found out that you have to reserve a month in advance through the website.  2 whole chicken feeds 4-8 ppl.  I will rate again next time I try the fried chicken and hopefully it'll score 100/100.
This place was recommended by a friend.   Momofuku is quite expensive. A bowl of ramen runs $8 in San Diego and this place charges $16 for their Momofuku ramen and $15 for their brisket hand made noodle. The hand made noodle was just below okay. The noodle was not fresh and it wasn't fully cooked and to make matter worst, the soup broth didn't come out hot. We also tried an order of their pork bun because everyone said it was the bomb. It really was just okay and I would never really recommend this dish to someone if they've never tried it. On the plus side, love the decor of this place. Considering the place is so small, they have tons of chefs running around. Each chef is in charge of a specific station and I love how everyone seems to work as a team. Would I recommend this place to someone who has never been to this place? Of course I will, but will also tell them their food is not as good as what many people here on Yelp had claimed to be.
Had to go to at least one foodie place in NYC, and felt like noodles. When we got there at 8pm on a Sat night, we were told the wait for two people was an hour - went to a nearby café for 30 min and when we got back we were next in line (sweet!). Bar-style seating, with bag hooks underneath (nice touch). Lively atmosphere. Ordered the pork buns,  super tasty and chock full of melt-in-mouth pork belly. Buns were also fluffy and fresh. Smoked wings were alright, maybe it's because we do this charred soy sauce at home but didn't seem all that unique. Had pork and spicy miso ramen,  gotta admit that while good, I've had this quality at other cheaper joints up in Canada. At least they also included Asian veggies/seaweed and didn't skimp on the meat - poached egg was perfectly done! Tried the ice cream which tasted like the leftovers after you eat a bowl of cereal -not my favorite. Would go back and try more buns, other stuff is good tasting but maybe not the best value for money.
Just awesome...ramens is my favourite meal and after last night momofuku is in the top 3 of my favourite ramens restaurants in NY...
I'm obsessssssed with the pork  buns. I cannot get enough. I could live off of them.
Trendy and a little pricey but quite good, especially for lunch when you can actually get a seat. Momofuku Ssam and Ko are closeby and fancier .
My disclaimer is that I love ramen, even the $0.50 Oodles of Noodles. That being said, I had a really fun time at this place. We got shrimp buns and a bowl of Momofuku ramen, and they were really good. It was pretty crowded, and we sat at the bar itself. It was a little bit of elbow-bumping with the (inconsiderate) girl next to me, but overall it was a pretty fun place. It sort of reminded me of the noodle shops in China. The food was very good - it's ramen, so it's kind of hard to go wrong. But it's always nice to have egg, veggies, and meat with it. Service was a little iffy. The hostess was a bit clueless, but overall, solid place if you need something warm and fast.
The pork buns are definitely the best i've ever had, and i've triend them at many, many places. So friggin good. Could eat them all day. Also had the ham bun, which was blah. not bad, but nothing special. The momofuku ramen is ok but i wouldn't go out of my way to get it. really liked the chilled spicy noodles and the ginger scallion noodles were unique and tasty. But the star of the show is the pork bun here. 5 stars for the pork bun, 3.5 for the ramen, 3 for the ham bun.
I actually like the noodle bar better than the saam bar.  And in my book, this is the best ramen in town.  Is it the most authentic?  No.  But the noodles are done just right.  The broth is yummy and the accompaniments are just perfect.  The berkshire pork  in the momofuku ramen is flaky and tender.  The bowls are American sized and the best strategy for dinner if there's two of you is to start with 1 order of pork buns and possibly an order of Asparagus (only available during the spring though) and then share 1 bowl of ramen.  If you're still hungry order the razor clams.   The decor reminds me of Ikea with all the birch wood.  At least the new location is much bigger making waits shorter.  But the prices can't be beat for a meal of this caliber.  Oh yeah, the way they poach their eggs here is amazing.  They actually cook the eggs overnight at a warm temperature such that the egg yolk does not cook but the egg white manages to congeal into a semi-solid state.  When you try to break the egg, it has enough structural integrity that it resists you breaching the egg white part but once you pierce through that, the egg yolk just spills like yellow gold into/onto anything from the asparagus to the ramen.
This review is based on one visit. What I tried: pork buns, side of snap peas, momofuku ramen, spicy chicken ramen, ginger scallion noodles Tasting notes: Pork Buns are 5 stars. Succulent, soft, thick slabs of pork belly with just the right amount of hoisin.  Buns are soft and just the right amount of taste and thickness so they don't detract from the pork.  Definitely the highlight of the menu. Side of Snap Peas: The vegetables are very fresh, but there is WAY TOO MUCH seasoning so the vegetables provide only texture and no taste.  I was surprised at how much salt was used.  Also, not worth $10. Momofuku Ramen: subtle broth, great noodles.  I haven't tried the kimchi stew yet but I think this dish is the way to go if you want noodles and broth.  However, I don't know if I am willing to pay $16 for this when almost every other ramen spot in NYC offers homemade ramen noodles and a broth that really hits the spot for half the price. Spicy Ginger Chicken: The noodles were the only good part of this dish. The broth was way too salty, not spicy enough, and gave me a bit of a stomachache afterwards. I do not recommend getting this and it sets you back $16. Ginger Scallion Noodles: We had no idea what this dish was supposed to be.  The noodles were warm, but there was no broth in the dish (though it came in a bowl).  But the vegetables (like the delicious shiitake mushrooms and pickled cucumbers) were cold.  Very confusing, and seemed very haphazard. Ambience: clean, bustling. (Luckily we didn't have to wait too long) Service: Quick and attentive, but sometimes way too much so. It was obvious they were trying to turn over our spots. I guess that's expected from a noodle bar. Recommendation: I had heard so much about this place so I decided to suggest it as a venue for my bday lunch.  Plus, my sister is a vegetarian and the menu seems to accomodate vegetarians.  However we were surprised that most of the "vegetable" dishes contain bacon or meat and the server did not offer to remove the meat from the dish (i think they are prepared in advance).   The pork buns definitely met my expectations, but no other dish did.   I hear the fried chicken is great (and it looked good) so if i do come back again it will be only to try that (and get the pork buns again). I don't think I will be having any of the noodles again. Also-- this is NOT a good place for a birthday meal. The servers were friendly, but way too "attentive" and clearly wanted us to eat and get out.  Normally I wouldn't mind, given the nature of the venue, but it was poor choice on my part for a birthday lunch with my loved ones. Comparisons: If you want good ramen, no need to pay exorbitant prices for homemade noodles. I suggest Menchanko-tei and Menkui-tei. Neither pretend to be as "refined" as Momofuku, but their ramen noodles are fresh and their broths hit the spot. Plus they charge half the price.
Heresy! or the truth? This place was Ramen noodles with a lot of water and a little bit of taste. I am not going out of my way to come back... The menu is utterly lacking (i mean seriously like 5 items on the lunch menu) and despite what anyone says - I was still hungry at the end of my "gigantic" portioned noodle meal. On a positive note, the decor is nice, the service is great and I was introduced to a new beer that i will be looking up in the near future - Pork Slap.
Amazing food. Every bite taste like the first. I don't know how they do it. Umami? The slushie cocktails are nuts, order a few! My only gripes are limited beer selection and some of the sides just aren't worth the money or stomach space (tamales, I'm lookin' at you). Best experienced in small groups of 2 - 4 if you want to get seated quickly and try a lot of the sides.
A friend of mine told me about this place so we decided to go and boy I'm I grateful he knew about this place.  The food is outstanding.  Specifically the pork buns are to die for.  I wish I would have just taken a taxi for every meal to this place to get more pork buns.  They really are that good.  If you don't think so, go to a doctor and have your tongue and taste buds checked out.
This place was good.. a little small..so not good for big crowds, otherwise you'll have to wait. It's table share.. so if you don't mind sitting closely to strangers, its cool. The pork buns were good. The chilled spicy noodles were delicious.. however.. I like spicy stuff.. and I think this was pretty freakin' spicy. My friend got the Momofuku Ramen with pork belly, definitely worth a try.
I wanted to buck the hype and dislike Momofuku, but the great service and one very tasty meal wouldn't let me. The hostess very patiently accommodated changes to the size of our party in spite of how busy it was, and our waiter wisely brought us a knife when our party of 3 ordered a single portion of very tasty shiitake buns. My Momofuku ramen impressed as well - the poached egg, the different kinds of pork, the bamboo, the chewy noodles - both the buns and the ramen kept my palate busy with all kinds of tastes and textures. I'm a believer.
Ramen was not good and way too salty. Pork buns was o-k so i give it 1 stars for that. The person seating the customers were not going in order too. It seemed like she was randomly seating customers after a certain point. If ppl ask how much longer they have to wait, she would just seat them. Watch out and make sure you track who was in front of you or you'll likely be cut off and hear no apologize. Not worth the wait, service and food you get.
Worth the wait, worth the sitting at a communal table with a bunch of strangers while getting your back bumped over by other customers or waiters. I highly recommend the pig tails, it was a combination of gelatinous, crispy and delicious what a great idea to pair them with pickled asian pears. Smoked wings-not so good. Just because the fact when you order wings you expect crispy, piping hot, and messy. This one was too salty and not sure about smoking the wings. I wish they would change the method of preparation that suits wings better. Momofuku ramen-love the sous vide egg, love the chewy cooked to perfection ramen noodle, ramen broth is different than what normal ramen broth should taste and feel like. For $16 per bowl, i think customers should get at least one more slice of pork belly in the ramen. Spicy miso-lots of salt, but that's ramen. Chicken was smoked and i still prefer the momofuku ramen. Will come back in the future to try the chilled noodle.
Fried chicken at Momofuku Noodle Bar. Two different kinds of fried chicken. Traditional batter and Korean style. I really enjoyed the traditional batter, and the flour wraps and the lettuce are great. If you have a group of 8 people I recommend getting 2 bowls or ramen and some pork buns for starters. Great place for big groups.
Simply put, the Fried Chicken Dinner is amazing. Make your reservation immediately for this once-in-a-lifetime taste sensation. Right when you walk in, you're greeted by a wall sized, black and white portrait of the Band at Woodstock (fucking awesome!) Once seated, be sure to order the 5 dollar, award-winning Full Sail Session Beer from Oregon. It hits the spot- but be sure to finish it before you eat, as you won't even have room for beer after the feeding frenzy finishes. Our enormous chicken platter was brought to us within minutes and we feverishly fed on the Southern Style and Korean Style birds like we had never eaten before. Our minds were literally blown. When you first eat a piece, you think "Why would I make some weird fusion taco with the mu-shu pancakes and the Southern-style chicken? Isn't that a waste of awesome chicken?" Think again, jackass. Once you top your taco with the onion slurry and soy-sauce/jalapeno medley, you'll be freaking out. That's right, "freaking out." Then someone at the table will ask "Which do you think tastes better- the Southern Style or the Korean Style?" Don't try to answer. It's impossible. Trying may lead to aneurism.   You stop eating when you are forced to by your own bodies limitations. Once you've decided to avoid injury and stop eating, you will feel stoned. It's a combination of being completely stuffed, adrenaline from the excitement and endorphins from the spice. You'll be almost incapacitated from all of the joy you've just experienced. I'm about to eat the leftovers for breakfast.
Not the best ramen in the city, but the quality shines through.  I prefer a creamier broth and so Ipuddo is more my style.  I did enough my food in any case. The pork buns were well worth it. Tasty, succulent pork on fluffy white buns.  Nice. We'll be back to explore a few more items on the menu.  Not in my top ten but a place I think fondly of.
Usually have to wait a little bit to get in--I guess it depends on the day/time but it's definitely worth the wait. It's great that they changed locations to a bigger place. I like the bar seating more than I like the table seating. The table seating is SUPER close to one another and although I do enjoy awkward situations, sometimes it'd be nice to have an inch more space. Service is excellent. Funny, attractive, east-village-esque people. Constantly refill your water, and are quick to come to you to take your order, bring your food, clear the table etc... The food is excellent, never a disappointment. I always got the chicken buns and chicken ramen, and when I recently became a vegetarian, one thing I knew I'd miss was this. But not a problem. They have shitake mushroom buns (the sauce/pickles in there are OUTSTANDING) and the Ginger Scallion was delicious as well. Beer/wine only which is fine. Everyone raves about the ice cream but I'm always too full to eat it. They recently added a price fixed menu and have the regular menu listed on chalkboards on the walls. Quite creative. Check it out if you haven't been there.
I don't understand the reason people get in the line for this place. Momofuku ramen: The broth has no depth. It tastes okay in the beginning, becomes salt water after 10 sips. Kimchi stew: It's made of pure salt. I just had a bite of daikon, it was unbearable. When we told the people that it's too salty, they explained that, to make kimchi, you need to dehydrate the cabbage with salt. Man, that has nothing to do with your oversalted stew, okay?! Why don't you go to any random restaurant in Koreantown, try their kimchi chigae, and tell me if they're oversalted too. Thanks for your education, dude! Way too expensive. $16 for a bowl of noodle? No thanks. People, you should just go to Setagaya or Ippudo for the real thing. Oh and did I mention the super expensive pork buns? $10 can probably buy you 3-4 yummier ones (also double the size) in Flushing.
I came to Momofuku noodle bar on a Thursday at 2pm and was mentally thinking of a back up plan in case the the wait was too long.  I was lucky at the restaurant was only half full.  I highly recommend the pork buns (this is a given) the oyster buns, and the classic momofuku ramen.  The oyster buns have a fried oyster with a delicious cream sauce.  I eat A LOT of Ramen and while I think Momofuku buns are the best in the city (minus my own non-edible buns), they're ramen is not in my top 5 favorites.  Service as always was great.
Great ramen and pork buns.  Definitely a great second choice if you don't feel like waiting 1.5 hours on line at ippudo.  Prices are slightly higher then some other places in the area, but the ingredients seem fresher.  Would recommend to anyone who isn't on a tight budget and doesn't have time to kill waiting on line.
I was brought to this place by my fiancee.  It was a bit cramped because the seating was so close together and the table shared by a few people.  The music was too loud in my opinion and could hardly hold a conversation in the place.  The waiting staff was helpful in recommendations and enjoyed them immensely.  The ramen was huge and great for sharing.  The taste was fairly good, but nothing special.  Enjoyed the other things we ordered than the ramen, but it wasn't bad.  Though, due to the crowdedness, the waiting staff could be a bit slow, but otherwise a good place to eat.
As far as ramen goes, momofuku is just not up to snuff. The ramen is based off a shoyu (soy sauce) broth and does not impart the richness of flavor you get in tonkatsu (Ippudo) or chicken stock (Totto). The pork buns are actually pretty good, but you can get similar quality pork buns at any of the other ramen establishments. I would pass on this one and go to one of the others.
I expected to have bombass ramen when I got here but honestly I have to say that it just tasted like any other ramen. I got the spicy miso ramen ($15) which came with a poached egg, chicken, seaweed and couple others. It wasn't that spicy but it was still yummy. It was just a bit too greasy for my liking. We also got the rice cakes ($10) which was really delish. It was the perfect combo of crispy and spicy on the outside and chewy in the inside. I recommend getting that.   We got seated right away but honestly I thnk  we were just lucky today. They had three open seats at the bar when we got there but it looks like some people had to wait a while to get tables so do come early if you want to avoid the wait. You don't get individual tables so a lot of different groups were in one table. It's a great restaurant to try and the ramens were very full-filling!
On vacation from Las Vegas, and after a few drinks at a pub near by decided that we wanted noodles. The staff was nice and friendly, we had a wait time of about 25 minutes but was offered drinks while we waited. We were seated next to a few locals and another visitor and were very friendly. The food was great, we each order the Momofuku Ramen which came with pork belly and pork shoulder, it really hit the spot and the Sake wasn't bad either.
For a cheap, easy meal in NYC, Momofuku noodle is hard to beat. Momofuku is one of the places I like to visit while in NYC for a weekend.   Their noodles are fantastic.  I haven't strayed away from the Momofuku Ramen, but I have a feeling that even their veggie ramen is delicious.  The Momofuku ramen comes with pork, a poached egg, scallions and cabbage. It's not too greasy feeling but will definitely fill you up. We had shrimp buns today and brisket buns.  The brisket didn't do it for me, but the shrimp were good. I still feel the pork buns are the best. Counter seating can be a little tight and you're likely to rub elbows with your neighbor. But, this is New York and where there is good food, there is likely to be lots of people! If you want to avoid a wait, go for lunch.   They offer some soft serve at this location, but I like to walk a few blocks over to Momofuku Milk bar where there is a larger selection.
This is a review only for the chicken dinner only. First off reservations: Not easy  to get. They only allow you to book reservations on line through the Momofuku website. They release reservation 4 weeks prior at  10:00AM I think they only serve the chicken dinner 4 times a day at 5:15, 6:00, 11:00 and 11:45, something like that. Since there are only 4 spots a day the reservations go fast. If you log in at 10:05 am likely the reservation you want will be gone. I was waiting by a computer and clicked the submit button at 9:59:58. That's how you have to do it. They will only take reservations for between 4 and 8 people The meal: Hell of a deal, you get two fried chickens, one a Korean style and the other a more classic buttermilk style. It is served cut up in a big dish and it serves, I would say 6 hungry people. There was 4 of us and we had a lot of left overs. The chicken independent of how many people are in the reservations is $100. It comes with Mu shoo pancakes, a multiple of creative dipping sauces, lettuce wraps, and some other vegetables. All we had to order on top of the meal were a couple cold beers. Eating with your hands is encouraged. The chicken was extremely good, the perfect amount of moisture and bold flavor, we even had a vegetarian in the group break her vows and mow down on the chicken. I've never had better fried chicken. The service was quick and not too pushy. A warm, fun, and lively atmosphere. A great way to impress a small group of friends.
Momofuku noodle as a ramen restaurant is definitely overrated and overpriced like another reviewer has said. The noodles and the broth are good but not mindblowing in any way. The shredded pork and the pork belly is pretty delicious, but it's not strong enough to carry the whole thing off. The market dishes and the snacks are more fun and innovative and experimental and I think that's where momofuku noodle is stronger. And let's not forget the amaaaaazing soft serve provided by Cousin Leroy and Arlo's. SO GOOD. The portion is small for how much you pay for it but it's totally worth it. Every time the flavor changes, I have to stop in. Last night I had a banana and vanilla wafer swirl with chocolate sprinkles. YUMMY! Let's just say if it weren't for the soft serve, I would never come here. Oh, I forgot to mention that the wait is horrendous and the seats at the tables (as opposed to the counters) are tight. I got hit in the back by purses at least five times throughout my meal. BLAH.
Nomnom. This little noodle bar is delicious! Upon visiting NY visiting my cousins, we had dinner here. This place gets packed! We waited around 45min and sat at the bar. They served delicious Chinese fusion food. I think they also serve fried chicken (I think), but you have to make reservations for that menu, I am somewhat confused about that. Anyway, it was great to sit at the bar cause we saw all the chefs at work! This trip was last summer, and all I can remember was the yummy bacon corn....drool... And we were served to sample white fish w a citrus sauce in soup spoons, that was my fav! Go ahead, must try place!
after reading the reviews, i was a little hesitant on going just because the first time i tried, the line was extremely long. not only did that already tick me off but the fact that when i called to check the wait time...they didnt even have a customer service line or anything that went straight to the restaurant. This time around, I went around 11:30pm with my boyfriend after a long day of work and i got there just in time for the late night menu. I was dissapointed that i didnt make it for the regular menu but i still ordered the pork buns and the Momofuku Ramen. Not only was the food fast, i got to experience eating at the bar while watching all the chefs make every single ramen bowl, piece by piece. I have to say that the pork buns were heavenly and next time around i will definitely go back for the regular menu and try the dessert part of the menu!
Wow, I was sooo disappointed in this place.  Perhaps it was the fact that I had heard so many great things or maybe it was because we had to wait almost 2 hours for a table.  But honestly, reviewing only the food, I would give it 2 stars for the ramen and 4.5 stars for the pork buns.  The ramen was mediocre - the broth lacked flavor and the noodles were a little undercooked.  Ippudo is MUCH better than this place.  The pork buns, however, were awesome.  I'm not sure if I'd wait 2 hours to eat pork buns, but if you love pork belly, you definitely need to try these.
This is a cool place. It's a young crowd, interesting layout, and isn't your typical cookie-cutter asian fusion place. The noodles are good, but a bit overpriced; the various kinds of buns are much better. In fact, my appetizer experience there, particularly the mushrooms, was better than my noodle dish. I knock it down a notch because the food isn't all that easy on the stomach.
believe the hype.  except when it comes to the fried chicken wings dinner, then believe only half the hype- the Korean half ;)
Momofuku was #1 on my list of places to try on possibly my last visit to New York. I should have visited the Shake Shack, instead!  So disappointed!. A salty mound of noodles in very little broth. I even poured some of my ice water in to my soup; not help.  Kimchi taste like from jar and was definitely not fresh.  The main server was not social.  Like he wanted to close up and go home waaaaaaay before the 2am hour!
I've been to Momofuku a number of times now and each time I'm amazed at how fantastic the food is. From seasonal starters to the pork and shiitake buns to the delicious ramen, the food here is a home run. I've never tried something I didn't love. The menu is somewhat limited, but it allows the chefs to deliver consistently amazing food with utmost quality. Get the shiitake buns and the ginger scallion noodles if you're a vegetarian (as I am). The soft serve isn't to be missed either. The food gets five stars easily. Be prepared to wait: it's not the biggest restaurant and it's very popular. Every time I've come here, the wait has been half an hour, but it's worth it! The atmosphere is clean but crowded. You'll likely be sharing a large table with one or two other parties, but there's plenty of space at the bar too. The waitstaff is a little overwhelmed, but the food comes quickly regardless. Budget $20 to $30 a person, which isn't bad especially for the portions they give. Highly recommended.
One of my main goals on my recent trip to NYC was to eat at Momofuku Noodle Bar. A recent convert to David Chang's way of thinking (despite his years-ago dis of the SF food scene) due to reading Lucky Peach, I knew I wanted every part of his bacon dashi. A few friends who are more versed in the NY food scene warned me that the place might be a little overrated, so I was still a bit guarded eating here. I also happened to eat here on the most miserable day of weather I've experienced since I visited Vietnam during a particularly hot spell, so I was cranky, sweaty, and hungry when I arrived. Noodle Bar scored high points in a few areas, notably the beef tartare special. Served with KC Masterpiece chips (a nice touch and excellent flavor pairing), I let another friend at the table try it. He hadn't ever tried beef tartare before, and he immediately fell in love. The mustard seasoning was done perfectly well, and there was just the right amount of salt on the dish. It's a total winner. The buns fared less well. Another tablemate ordered them, and I was kind of let down, but that was probably due in part to them being filled with tofu instead of my preferred filling, pork. The main reason I came was to try the Momofuku ramen, but I was tempted to try the spicy chicken. I have a Pavlovian response to the word spicy that just seems to always grab my attention - for instance, if I saw it off the side of the road, I'd probably drive right into it. But I stuck to the plan and ordered the Momofuku ramen. It was...okay. The noodles were fine, if not spectacular. The broth clearly tasted of bacon, so the bacon dashi is a success. The poached egg was for sure a highlight for me. I added liberal doses of spice to the bowl after I had tasted enough of the broth to get a sense of the core flavor, and I liked it better after I'd spiced it up. I'd probably try the spicy chicken flavor next time. I know there's better ramen in NY than Momofuku, but I'd also argue that there are few other ramen joints that can kick out an awesome beef tartare at the same time - and that's where the success lies.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMM!   I am always searching for yummy ramen, but being from Houston, it's not that easy.  Lucky me, I found myself in NYC and sitting at a table at Momfuku.   The tables are long and seat 6 where they will seat strangers together.  Totally fine as the more crowded a place is, the better the food must be:) We ordered momofuku ramen and pork buns.  Both were tasty!  I have a texture issue with pork belly; so, I wasn't able to enjoy the buns as much as I would have liked, but the ramen was oh so good!  It had this tantalizing flavor and aroma of pork that I can still taste 6 weeks later as I write this review.   Service was quick, too quick really, as bussers started clearing things under my arms, over my arms, and around my back while I was still eating.  I want a clean eating environment, but don't reach across me!  I'll get up eventually and you can clear the table then.  Side note - the hostess sat us immediately even though there was a 2 hour wait.  Sweet!  I hope the other parties waiting were larger and more difficult to seat --- Or maybe she could tell the Texan was worn out and needed sustenance:)
Great authentic noodle bar.  Plan to wait in line, but these people take care of you and serve you drinks in line, automatically transferring the drink to your table's tab.  Nice selection of sake by the glass so you can try out different kinds.   Try the soy sauce egg and a jar of kim chi.  Stay away from the shiitake steamed bun, it's pretty bland.  And for the main course I was quite happy with the momofuku ramen. The only suggestion I would make for this place is to dim the lights just a little bit.  Not to a romantic level, but just so it isn't glaring in your eyes.  Other than that, no complaints.
Yes it is pricey but I think it's worth it. Pork buns, chicken wings and Momofuku ramen. It's never disappointed.
I love the buns (pork or mushroom). The ramen is a little salty for me, personally, but other people I went with enjoyed it. I'd go again.
I'm a hater.  just fYI - Since the media is telling us that 'American's are going green and eating healthier!" i've seen a huge explosion in super unhealthy restaurants charging laughable prices.  Really, the food is fine, but $16 for noodles? Salty, fatty, nasty in any other setting, noodles??? this is post drunk food, not culinary heaven. If Gail Greene told you about a unique, charmingly garish American classic hotspot that served the tastiest chicken segments with four piquant, brash dipping sauces, served with a knowing wink to middle school lunches, in paper bowls that let the meat breath while exhaling the most sublime scent of deep fried white meat....would you run to it??? And if I told you that this item was on the dollar menu!!! Try it out, form your own opinion, but don't spread fake hype. BTW - the chicken buns are so bad they need to be off the menu. it's embarrassing and you feel the fool for trying to sample something other than their pig dishes.
Just perfect: simple, delicious and inexpensive. The beer & wine list is well thought out with a simple array of unique liquids. The sticky buns are just Asian sliders and a delicious start. The noodle bowls are filling, but I don't think that healthy- lots of salt, fat and cholesterol. Don't fool yourself into thinking you are eating something healthy if you order the Momofuku Ramen. The soft serve machine cranks out some wacky flavors, like smoked maple or quince. The small dish of ice cream was topped with a roasted nut crumble that had some salt. The savory-sweet taste was akin to a really good toll-house cookie- the perfect balance of salt and sugar. I was impressed with the fit-up of the space. The design decisions were frugal, yet new and crisp. There were no outrageous light fixtures that have become de rigueur in trendy urban eateries. The bathrooms were obvious design stepchildren with poorly executed strip flooring as wall paneling and commodity fixtures. The dining room is a little cramped, but not a place where you want to  linger - eat noodles, leave. The napkin/chopstick holders could be moved to create partitions along the tables, so you could colonize your part of the table. You need to like 80's punk and ska to last more than an hour. I can't say it is the best music for eating.... Check out the New Yorker profile on David Chang.  newyorker.com/reporting/…
One of the best pork buns!
If I could give a place no star I certainly would for this place. The ramen is by far the worst that I've had anywhere on earth. Not to mentioned that it was overpriced and the stomach discomfort that my sister in law, my sister and I all experienced after having supper at this place. Wake up new yorker thus place is crap and stop following the brand. David Chang might be a creative mind in the culinary world but it doesn't reflect on the food here. If you are craving for a good bowl of ramen. This place is not the place to come. Go to your local grocery store at least you won't be disappointed.
Had the Chilled Spicy Noodles per the recommendation of outstanding staff Tim and Fiona. Couldn't be more happier. Topped off with this amazing rosemary ice cream. The heat and the sweetness was outstanding.
***This is my NY disclaimer. Being from TX, I was shell-shocked at the price of pretty much everything in NY. Unless the food was insanely cheap or insanely expensive, I didn't factor price into my review*** So my wife gave me a case of culinary blue balls at Momofuku (plate envy, for those of you who don't understand the glorious metaphor). Let's back up, I need to set the stage. We're in NY. Wife has been drinking the David Chang cool-aid, so of course we're going to Momofuku. I'm ambivalent, as usual. Until I read his book. He's scrappy, and witty, and he cusses. A lot. My kinda guy. Now we're DEFINITELY going to Momofuku. We walk in for lunch, it's packed. We wait a lil while and are seated in front of the chefs. Wife is ecstatic. Chefs are talking shit to one another. Loudly. I'm giggling like an idiot. Game on, let's eat! I order the spicy chicken...not that spicy, but with a beautiful, savory beef broth. Brother-in-law gets the goat ramen. Slightly gamey, but daring and delicious. We all share in some very tasty pork buns. Deliciously fluffy, but not dense. The sichaun spiced sausage is incredible, as is the alliteration. Then the wife's chilled spicy noodles come out. I'm skeptical. Chilled noodles? You know who eats cold noodles? Frat boys, poor ones. I try some. My eyes roll back in my head. It's good, real good. Then comes the heat. lil bit of heat. moderate heat. then jealously (why didn't I order this??????). lots more heat. This is the ramen to order. Finished it off with some ricotta flavored soft serve, now that's eating like a boss!
Rude rude rude, did I say rude staff? Don't even waste your time here unless you enjoy dealing with rude servers. By far the single most disappointing stop in NYC!
I went to Momofuku Noodle Bar against the recommendation of a friend who complained the noddles were very salty. I have not sampled much ramen but I have no complaints about the Momofuku Ramen I ordered here last week. The ginger scallion ramen was excellent also. I also tried the squid stuffed with black rice which was an addition to the menu. It was very bland and the only way I could see someone appreciating this dish is if they loved plain black rice because it was the only thing I could taste. The pan roasted zucchini had a great light and crisp flavor of soy sauce. A salad of green and cherry tomatoes was excellent. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe. My favorite dish of the night was the steam buns with pork. I believe this was with pork belly (I could be wrong). The crisp cucumbers perfectly complimented the fresh scallions and the pliable bun. There was just enough plum sauce to accent the other components of the dish. I'd come back to Momofuku Noodle Bar just for the buns. (Or to try the fried chicken I saw the table behind me enjoying.)
Everything was JUST OK. I would say if your friends want to go, its worth trying, but nothing really stuck out at me. I went a few weeks ago, and I dont even remember what I ordered. I know we got an appetizer we both didnt like and that I thought my bowl was OK- Overall, casual place with cafeteria style seating. Its kind of loud, but a good casual atmosphere for catching up with a friend after work.
Ramen was not bad - on par with Toto but not as good as Ippudo. We went at about 1.30pm on a Sunday and were seated immediately. A bowl of noodle is about $15/16; the spicy miso has more punch to it - spicier and saltier, as you would expect.. recommended if you prefer chicken to pork, and prefer more flavorful stuff. The Momofuku ramen soup base is a bit more delicate in taste and comes with tender, melt in your mouth pork belly. We tried the porl buns too - they were tasty! But I would eat that maybe once a year because they are too sinful! A bit more than $50 for the 2 of us without drinks - not a cheap meal considering we had ramen and pork buns. I won't come back again - too many other places to try; unless it's a special ocassion.
I was very disappointed by this place. The broth of their ramen was way too salty and I had to drink at least three cups of water afterward. $16 and a long wait for an overly salty, non-authentic, at the best mediocre bowl of ramen, when Ippudo is less than 15 minutes of walk away? I think not.
This place only receives 3 stars because it is really tiny and from what i hear the menu keeps changing, so if you like something you aren't guaranteed to have it again. I had the pork buns which were tasty and my main dish was good, although i cant remember specifically what it was called, and my dinning companion had something with a fried egg on top. I had a bite it was really good. All in all the experience was OK, the place is too small and crowded, and I wish the menu was a bit more consistent.
My friends and I sat down for the fried chicken lunch, which was excellent. Pros: tasty, tender chicken with a crispy skin. Cons: not as much korean fried chicken as southern fried chicken, no tea, the service- they messed up our bill.
Came here twice for the fried chicken via reservation and it was definitely worth the hype.  Our party of four slaughtered our fried chicken in tales that will be told to our grandchildren - and to the ire of our fellow diners that ate mere ramen. Pros- chicken with all the sauces and fixings Cons- no stretchy pants Highly recommended!
I definitely agree with everyone in stating that the pork buns are AMAZING. In fact, it's better here than the steamed pork buns at the Ssam bar (which I've just had a week before). WIth that said, yes, it is mainly hype. Food first: I had the momofuku ramen and I thought to myself (hungry as a bear) man... I've had better at Ippudo at St. Mark's and that's not saying much. I had a side of pork belly with the already shredded meat, but that was the only bright side to it. He had the scallion ginger noodles with meat added ($3 extra) for literally just a slide of porky belly (kinda pathetic). The scallion ginger noodles were in a smaller bowl than my noodles which had soup with it. I think that we should've just shared something because netiher of us actually finished it... Now onto the service. Starting with the hostess.... she's.. interesting? more or less, snubbing my boyfriend (we're guessing it's because he's in tshirt, jeans, and sneakers). I absolutely HATE it when people snub other people for not dressing up for a restaurant--I'm sorry, are y'all Per Se or Madison Eleventh? Yes, it is Manhattan and most people are dressed up to an extent, but please, let's not kid ourselves by pretending that we don't get soup on our outfits IF it's amazing. The system is very high tech, but again at Ippudo, they send you text updates, but Momofuku, you get 10 minutes or you're done. With that said, our waiter was really great, and the busboys are good at clearing out empty dishes. All in all... I'd rather not go back here again unless my friend wants to try their fried chicken.
Cheap? I wouldn't say so... I had heard about Momofuku as one of the best places to get ramen (or they call it "noodle bar") in NYC, and while it may be tasty and delicious, it doesn't match up to it's hype (and it's quite expensive...) I had the Momofuku ramen, the most popular one that they serve there. $16.00 per bowl is just way too much for ramen, definitely the most expensive bowl I've had EVER (even throughout Asia and the West Coast). I'm a huge fan of ramen, but this was definitely a disappointment. Though it was satisfactory and the noodles had a very different, yet unique texture, I simple could not picture the ramen being worth $16.00. I didn't like the soup base and to my surprise, I found the entire meal to be not enough to satisfy my hunger - usually, I can't even finish an entire bowl of ramen. We also tried their pork buns, too generic and I'm sure there are so many other places in New York that have authentic pork buns. Momofuku is famous for their milk bar, and I didn't get a chance to try anything from that, so perhaps another time. But for ramen? Not a chance. -- PHOTOS: yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh… yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh…
Not impressed for the hassle it takes to have a meal here. Pork buns were too fatty, and the food is just not that original or tasty... I thought the fried chicken large group dinner was a good deal (came out to about 25 bucks per person), but again, not anything really special. Not sure what the excitement is about it all... Apparently reservations for the fried chicken dinner open up a month before and they go very quickly so you need to be on top of it! A friend did all the reserving so I just heard about it. Service is not great here.
Fabulous - my dinner was light, flavorful and satisfying. I arrived just before the dinner rush and found a great seat at the bar.  I ordered the pork buns...  The pork was sweet, salty and crispy. Combined with the rice 'bun', crunchy cucumbers, and a little kick - I was addicted after one bite.  I polished off both buns and was still a little hungry. So  I asked the server for another recommendation - while the soups sounded very filling and nourishing, I wanted something lighter, savory and spicy. That's exactly what I got with the roasted rice sticks.... they are an interesting texture - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The roasted rice sticks are tossed in a sweet & spicy sauce which was excellent. I would highly recommend going with a couple of people and sharing some of the smaller plates.  Seating is a bit tight and it can get a little loud. After trying SEVERAL pork buns around NYC - David Chang definitely has the best buns. I can tell you that Momofuko's has become a regular stop on my way home from work! p.s. - If the Noodle Bar is packed, you can stop at the Milk bar and grab some buns and sweets to go!
So...it totally lived up to all the hype. We started with a pork tamale which was good, sorta average though, nothing too special. Pork belly buns were fantasmic! Ephemeral actually is maybe a better word. I had a whole order to myself. I've had these in several places on east and west coast and these are truly the best by far. The pork belly grits with a really soft fried egg and kimchee was also very very good. Did I mention pork belly yet, I can't remember. We finished with the...yes you guessed it Momofuku ramen (AKA pork belly and shredded pork ramen) with deep, smoky, complex broth. Ramen was perfectly cooked, al dente and eggy. I left straining to keep up right as all this was just for lunch. It's worth the hype, go get in line, you won't regret it. Just make sure to get yourself your own order of the pork buns!
Hm...I don't know how I feel about this place. This was one of the first restaurants I went to after stepping off of a 8-9 hour delayed flight from the west coast. Being tired & hungry, I didn't give the menu much thought and just wanted some nice warm noodle soup. We got here around midnight and ordered the Momofuku Ramen & Roasted Rice Cakes. Personally, I thought the Rice Cakes were better than the Ramen. The noodles were kind of fat, & the soup base was pretty salty for my liking. But the quail egg was delish. I mean, it definitely still hit the spot, but just didn't think it was anything amazing...
Be ready to sit really close to strangers on nothing more than a wooden bench. I read some review that one should get the noodles, but my preference was for the buns. They don't come cheap for a pair of two, but are quite yummy. My spicy miso ramen probably had the recommended sodium content for the next week. I made sure to drink plenty of water, to make sure I wasn't going to pass out from dehydration at my next destination. For two types of buns, and two types of ramen, our bill came to just over $60. Honestly, for that amount I could have a had a lovely meal, at a more quiet place with better seating. I'd have those buns again, but they'd have to be cheaper.
Delicous Chinese-style pork buns that were very good. Modernized ramen was very filling. I'm glad they've expanded (even if it was only a tiny bit), because the old space was really tight. I love noodle soups, so this was a must-visit for me, and I enjoyed it quite a bit. General warning: don't bring the vegetarians -- David Chang's menus are not veg-friendly.
Came here so many times already and don't think I've ever reviewed it yet... well, I went here last night since we've been watching David Chang's PBS show, The Mind of a Chef and he talks about ramen in the first couple of episodes... so been craving and salivating about it. We ordered the chicken wings, it was good, then we also had the pork buns, I always like the pork buns there.. something about the fatty pork always reminds me of my mom's cooking. Then we each got our own ramen... yes gluttony..... I had the special ramen which was the chilled sturgeon fish ramen with daikon and chives. It was really interesting. Very summery and light. The soup was chilled/cold and pretty much umami based, really interesting. The fish was smoked and tender. Ramen was al dente. My bf got the chilled spicy noodles with szechuan sausages. The waitress warned him that it is really spicy. He said that's fine, he can handle the heat. His bowl came and it was the big size bowl, and boy was it really spicy!!! INTENSELY SPICY... kind of like battery acid. But he managed to eat most of it while his lips swelled up, kind of sexy lol. Anyway, in his ramen, it came with raw spinach, cashews (sugary) which paired up nicely with the spinach and the szechuan sausage together. The sausage was not spicy at all, but when I literally took a tiny bite of the noodles, my mouth burned like crazy... that noodle was covered in so much spice, chili oil etc... Anyway, I like this place, but always packed, and the service is kind of rude sometimes.
Just awesome. 3rd time to a momofuku bar and the pork buns get my every time. Delicious, rich slices of pork belly with hoisin and scallion. The ramen is bang on also.
I don't know how people could give this place 2 or 3 stars only because I honestly felt the food was superb. I can't speak on behalf of other items because I only had the pork buns and the Momofuku ramen. I grew up with pork buns. To be specific I grew up with pork buns that were sold on dirty Asian streets. Therefore, I appreciate and love how the pork bellies were so melt-in-your-mouth tender and the amount of saltiness and fattiness teased your tongue like no other. The sliced cucumbers added great texture and crunch. Hands down they know how to do pork buns right. After the pork buns my expectation grew exponentially for ramen. I think we all know about David Chang's noodle fetish by now so this place can't be bad. Right? Good thing I ordered just one Momofuku ramen to be shared between me and my significant other. There's no way either of us could finish it individually. The soup was clean, deep, and (good) salty. I like how even though there's animal fat in the soup it didn't feel greasy like I was drinking mouthful after mouthful of liquid fat. The soup was full of porky flavor and very umami. The noodles were perfectly cooked to al dente. Perfectly cooked. Every strand had its bounce and I just kept slurring and slurring away. The soft poached egg added creaminess to the noodle soup and I really like that extra punch. I think the amount of fish cakes, pickled bamboo shoots, fresh green onions were just right. The bowl was empty by the end. I had a fabulous meal and wanted to return but couldn't due to lack of time. Next time Momofuku. Next time.
Apparently the ramen craze has not hit Texas.  My sister's in town from Austin, and when I tell her that what we need on this rainy Friday night is a piping hot bowl of ramen, she's like, "huh?" And when the hostess at the newly expanded Momofuku Noodle Bar tells us it will be a 30 minute wait, she's all "For reals?  We're going to wait half an hour to pay $15 for what we could buy for 10 cents and cook in 2 minutes?" Yes!  We are, and we do.  Totally worth it and totally delicious.  The shiitake buns are perfect--sweet and sour and so fresh (though I'll concede overpriced at $9)--and our soups, pork for me and chicken for her, have incredibly generous portions of super-tender meat and are totally filling.  Neither of us came close to finishing.  My veggie boyfriend has the ginger scallion noodles, which are so savory and good I'm almost jealous!  Almost. I don't care if David Chang is pulling a total Emperor's New Clothes on New York with the $15 ramen biz--his ramen is warm and tasty and way better than Setegaya, and I will continue to wait and pay for it as long as the fad lasts.
I've been going here for years so i was excited to try out the new location. It's bigger, which means you won't have to wait forever like before, it's a little more hip, with the music and ambiance and the mood is still amazing. there is nothing better then a hot bowl of noodles. This is still the only place I have ever felt comfortable eating by myself at. but... Here's my ordering guide first go with a friend if you can. start with a beer, and the pork buns. If i was on death row and i had only one meal left to eat. it would be these pork buns. they are that amazing. next get another dish to share. and then share a noodle bowl. its totally enough food for two.  don't get sucked in to odering seperate things. this place is made for sharing.
4 stars for the fried chicken dinner. I'd been here ages ago for the ramen. I never had a reason to come back - the noodles were like the store bought noodles that you buy in a huge red/white box at the Chinese store. Texture was lacking. Sure, the pork buns are good but they have it at the Ssam Bar and Milk Bar which I frequent much more often. My friend got a res at 10pm on a weekday for the fried chicken dinner. The food came pretty quickly. Some fresh, raw veggies and sauces. I started with the Southern Style chicken. Omg I have never seen such huge breast pieces or ever had such succulent chicken breast. I wrapped them in the mooshu wraps with some dark sauce as if it was Peking duck. The Korean was less spicy than I expected. Both were good. I was afraid that the Korean would ruin my tastebuds but it didn't. As with most Momofuku dishes, it was pretty salty. You can have up to 8 people - we had 6 and we were all stuffed. I would come again in a month or so after I recover from eating AYCE Bon Chon at Boka and Momofuku in the same week. Oh, and if you're going to the fried chicken dinner, please make sure you come here and not the Ssam Bar, like I did.
I've eaten at all the other momo restaurants and I'm a big fan of Mr. Chang. I was hoping noodle bar would be on par with the rest but the food was a disappointment. Maybe it was an off day. Had the shrimp, brisket, and pork buns: all tasted great Had the chicken mole, jalapeno, and kimchi tamales: they were ok Had the soju slushies : awesomely cold Had the fingerling potatoes with burre blanc: favorite dish of the day Had the goat ramen: unbearably salty and overwhelm the flavors Had the chilled spicy noodles based on a yelp user recommendation and I wish i didn't listen. The noodles were soggy and still blotched together, the hamburger chunks was weird, but the highlight was the candied cashews The place is very hipster and the i think the prices were reasonable for nyc
Hey, I have a counter slogan of Kenka (the Izakaya on St Mark) for Momofuku: pricy, slow, cruddy (Ok, maybe the last one was a bit untrue). Anyhow, another ramen place without gyoza (a trend in the East Coast). But yes, they are over-priced, and their service is slowwww! I can't believed that I paid +$12 for a bowl of ramen with very little soup (literally dry). But still, I like this place because its ramen appeal to me for 2 reasons: good noodles and half-boiled eggs. After all, I am choosing between Momofuku and Ippudo. P.S. What's up with the Chinese bun thing that they have at both Momofuku and Ippudo?
It's David Chang's effort to attract the poorer among his admirers to throw money at this, his house of gluttony. Who am I to object?
After going to Ssam and Milk bar (and thoroughly enjoyed both)  I was excited to try Noodle Bar.  I won't lie though, I was a bit disappointed with this place.  I ordered the pork buns and the chilled spicy noodles.  The pork buns were very good.  Very fatty but very good.  The noodles however were way over salted.  The waitress warned me that it was very spicy so I was expecting to really sweat.  It had some heat but not "that" spicy.  Or maybe the spice was drowned out by the amount of salt that my dish contained.  The candied cashews added a nice element of sweet and spicy though.  Hopefully it was just an off day but after reading the other reviews, I think they just over salt their food.
This restaurant and its chef has been widely lauded, with news of innovative cuisine reaching across coasts.  My visit there confirmed that the food was good, fresh, well-prepared, upgraded ingredients for what would be typical twists of Asian inspired dishes.  Momofuku deserves only one star - why?  Because the manager accused our friend of "lying" about the size of our party.  Originally we were set for 4 but we couldn't reach one of our friends (who works for a large New York firm so we figured she was stuck in a meeting).  The three of us sat and ordered about 3/4 of the menu (I like to optimize my restaurant visits, what can I say?).  About midway through the meal, our other friend showed up.  We asked if she could join us, which caused a strange controversy.  The manager took our host aside and told her that she intentionally lied - he used those words - about the size of our party so we could be seated earlier!  He said our friend could sit but she could not eat or order anything.  PLEASE NOTE:  By this time, the restaurant was half empty.  I tried ordering another dish for myself but was denied (I was still hungry).  Our waitress was embarrassed about the entire thing.  This may be a NYC thing, but perhaps the popularity of the place has the management misplacing some priorities about service and courtesy?
I had the fried chicken appetizer (not the specialty entree), pork buns, and ramen. The ramen was just fine. I've had better at less prestigious restaurants. The chicken was unimpressive considering the price. But the buns were LOVELY, hence the 4 stars. I would go back just to get the buns and try some other stuff too. I went 10 minutes before they opened and there was a line, but everyone on the line was able to get a seat. So I barely waited at all.
I'm torn behind calling momofuku overrated after all it's lovers, but to be perfectly frank, it's a great place to grab a unique bowl of ramen and David Chang's trademark pork buns. I came for lunch with my girlfriend and we order the pork buns along with two orders of the momofuku ramen. The service was good, and well, the restaurant decor is quite well known. The buns are almost as good as hyped. Very fatty and rich, you gotta eat them with some of their hot sauce. Nevertheless, while I did like them, I have to give the overall best buns award to Ippudo (Sorry David Chang). The ramen is unique in that it doesn't taste like traditional japanese ramen, BUT the serving size is much larger than what you would find at a traditional japanese style place (Ippudo). The broth is much smokier and has a heavy pork flavor. I enjoyed it, but I didn't dig it. I did however like the ramen noodles they gave, (not as thin as other places and has a bit more chew) and I did like just how much extras they pack in the ramen. (poached egg was great) Overall, I would come again, and while their ramen it's cheap, it'll definitely fill you up.
Disclaimer: As a Maryland native, I'm biased towards any food that includes Old Bay. That said, the Southern-style fried chicken with Old Bay was awesome.  I believe you can only get it as a big group, so you'll probably have to fight for each piece, but it's totally worth it.  The Korean-style chicken was excellent too, especially with the included lettuce wraps and fresh mint, Thai basil, and carrots.  My only very minor complaints were around drinks - I'd like a few more beers on the menu, although the Kelso Pale Ale was very good, and no fewer than 4 wait staff came up to ask us about drinks within 5 minutes while we were still trying to aggregate our orders into bottles of wine and beer.  Chill out, people, we're all going to drink.   Anyway, good energetic space, generally good wait staff, great food, good times.
Yo, I know it's TOTALLY heretical to not bow at the feet of The Great David Chang whose badass tude I'm all over, but I don't really feel the ramen here.  Yeah the broth has some porkage, but honestly, I'd take Minca, Ippudo and Setagaya any day.  I could go 4 stars, but as this is a ramen bar, the rating goes to the ramen, which is a solid 3. Every other Asian I know who's into food sort of says the same thing, what's all this hype about?  Fusing Chez Panisse locavore philosophy with affordable Asian food?  Great idea, good food, but not the stuff that you wake up in the middle of the night craving.  Other stuff can be really good, like if you get a shot at the rice cakes, they are pretty awesome.
Everything I had in this place was great!  I had the pre fixe menu which consisted of tartare meat, raw scallops, noodle in miso soup, sirloin steak, and ice cream as dessert. First off, I have a hard time eating raw foods.  But eating the tartare and scallops was an exquisite experience.  The tartare came in a bite size shape in a chinese soup spoon.  It had the right amount of saltiness that awakened your taste buds.   I then had the scallops.  Initially, I thought they would come out cooked but it came in sashimi style.  The scallop was extremely tender along with a smear of light oils and salts.  It also came with this spicy paste on the side which was really good. The noodles were al dente but I didn't like the miso soup as much.  The soup's temperature was warm which I didn't like as much.  But it was good nonetheless. The highlight was the small steak piece that came with a celery puree which was sooo sooo good.   And lastly, the pre fixe came along with a sweet potato and some other flavor ice cream.  It had this sweet/salty taste which was different from your regular ice cream.  The texture was smooth and it almost reminded me a bit of butterscotch.  Really good.   Minus one star because I think the cooks could use a little bit of less salt.  I tried my friend's spicy noodles which came with friend ground pork.  The meat was really good but salty.  We also shared a potato appetizer and, again, they could have used a tad less bit of salt to make the taste just right.  After all, you don't want to be bloated by the next day.   It's definitely an experience so I say definitely go try it out.
The interior of Noodle Bar is very similar in feel to Ssam Bar.  It's trendy, noisy, and fun.  We went to Noodle Bar at about 10:30pm on a Friday night and had to wait about 30 mins, which was no problem as they were more than willing to let us stand around with our drinks. We started with the shrimp buns which were SO GOOD!  little shrimp cakes with slaw in a bao bun, to die for!  We also had the brussel sprouts and sausage appetizer which was very delicious too.     My boyfriend and I shared the Momofuku ramen which was also very good.  It is not your traditional ramen.  It has a smokier flavor.  The noodles were chewy and delicious, the broth was full of flavor.  My best friend also had the ginger scallion noodles, which she said weren't as good as the Momofuku ramen.   We also had the lychee soju slushies which were very refreshing, and I'm actually craving it very much right now! I'm such a fan of David Chang and love that he has become so accepted.  The main reason why I couldn't give Noodle Bar 5 stars was that like Ssam Bar, the food was a little too salty.
demasiada espera para una mesa. Too much time waiting for a table. Very good food. Too loud music.
First of all, I have to say that I was a huge fan of momofuku, so much so that I received a $100 gift certificate for my birthday. So it is with great regret that I give one of my favourite ramen places such a low rating. The Food: The last couple times we'd gone, the ramen broth has been lip witheringly salty, and I like usually like salt. I thought the first time was just the momofuku ramen I ordered, but the second time when I ordered the chicken ramen, it was even saltier. I think David Chang has to start paying attention to the quality of food in his restaurants again. The Service: Waiting at momofuku is expected, once you sit down things usually go pretty smoothly. However, our last experience was unacceptable for any restaurant. I understand it gets a bit chaotic in there, but our order of 2 ramens ARRIVED AN HOUR AFTER WE PLACED AN ORDER. The waitress was completely indifferent to us. Thank god one of the other waiters took over our table and sped things along, he gave us some free ice-cream and apologized for the delay. His gesture was definitely appreciated, but the damage was done. I will never return to momofuku again and will take my friends to other ramen places instead.
Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants to visit. There was about a 45 minute wait on a Saturday night which is not a that bad for most restaurants, so we went and got a beer down the street. When we came back we sat right away and the place was awesome. I loved that they had bands like led zepplin and metallica playing over the speakers. We ordered some tounge with a dijon sauce and watercress. It was perfectly seared on both sides. We had ordered some octopus, a couple differant kinds of the noodle soups, plus a nice mead and sake. I couldn't find one bad thing about this place if I tried. Everything was amazing!
My husband and I was visiting New York, one of our friend recommend this place. We went on Friday night which was bad choice. The place was packed and waiting was about 40 minutes..We decided wait, were excited to eat good food that a lot of people love. We sat at the bar, it was very interesting to watch how fast chefs are handling the busy place. we ordered BaBa dark larger and Tiger beer which were very smooth and we both loved. We ordered pork buns, momofuku ramen and summer ginger ramen. Pork buns were okay,  pork was cooked perfectly and was definitely good combination with bun and cucumber. But both of ramen that we ordered, so disappointed!! Momofuku ramen was just so plain, nothing special from any other Japanese ramen!! Summer finger ramen was no broth with vegetable and pork with very oily sauce. Very plain and not tasteful at all!! I am not sure why this place is so popular, but I think I can find better ramen place with less wait
When I go to the Noodle Bar, I'm mainly interested in ramen and the buns.  The appetizers and snacks are good, but the show is all about noodles and buns. As for noodles, I personally like the Momofuku Ramen.  Excellent quality al dente ramen noodles have perfect consistency.  There's a little pork belly, some scallions, fish cake, and nori.  Lastly, there is a whole soft 'boiled' egg.  The egg is a bit of a departure from the usual halved "medium boiled' egg you see in most ramen here in NY.  Momofuku likely takes the egg and cooks it in an immersion circulator to an exact temperature (low 60's probably) to achieve a perfect consistency of just congealed white and very creamy yolk.  The egg will cook a little further in the hot broth in the bowl.  But, you want the yolk creamy to give the broth a little more body and richness. This gets to the broth.  The world of ramen is pretty big.  The most popular broth in Manhattan seems to be a milky, rich pork bone (tonkotsu) broth.  Momofuku Noodle Bar uses an almost smoky chicken based broth.  I think, but am not sure, that the smokiness is coming from rehydrated mushrooms mainly.  Regardless, the broth is rich and flavorful without being fatty. The pork belly buns are well known in NYC.  They don't always appear on the menu, but it's fine to ask for them anyway.  On my most recent visit, they had a sausage bun, shrimp bun, and a shitake mushroom bun.  All are excellent.  Be adventurous.  Try something new.  Go wild. If i have a complaint about Momofuku, it is that the chairs and tables aren't the most comfortable.  If you are 20, I'm sure you'll do fine.  But if you are 45+ and have spent a lifetime sitting on your backside slaving away at a desk, you'll find the seating a little hard after about 30 min.  Go anyway.  It's worth it.
I used to be a huge Momofuku fan and loved their Traditional chicken ramen and shrimp buns. Although I loved this place, I am going to take a break from it for some time. My recent experience on 8/13/2014 was rather disappointing. I came with my  friend from work and found ourselves disappointed with the service and food. What happened to this place? I asked for Traditional chicken ramen and was refused. "We don't offer that anymore. it's not on the menu". I have been ordering that for years, regardless. So I ordered Spicy Miso Ramen with egg which was cold and eggless.
I'm 0/2 with David Chang's food... maybe I'm missing something. Don't get me wrong, although my dining experiences haven't been extraordinary... they were far from terrible. What you want to order: Duck salad, pork buns... the rest is in your hands. I've read the reviews in regards to which restaurants offer the best Ramen bowls in NYC and it's basically boiled down to these three.... ippudo, totto Ramen, and momufuku noodle bar. I've happily checked off the first two from my 'must go' list, and  I finally made my way to Momofuku. At Momofuku the Ramen is good... but it does not even come close to the level of authenticity that Ippudo and Totto Ramen offer. If you're looking for a Ramen experience you won't be satisfied at Momofuku... although, if you're looking for a quick and fun meal with couple of friends, I don't think you'll be disappointed. The noodle bar is great looking, conducive to conversation, and the food is prepared quickly.   We started off with their pork buns, which were top notch, and their bbq wings. The bbq wings were nothing to talk about, they are boiled, then grilled on the hibachi grill. They were slightly dried out and the flavor was just meh... I ordered the momufuko Ramen, and my brother got the spicy chicken Ramen... both were tasty... but the broth was nothing more than an average bowl of miso broth... I was very disappointed. Maybe I'm wrong, but the noodles did not seem homemade either. I also remember asking one of the chefs how long it takes to make the steamed buns, and he said they don't make them... Where the hell is the love that David Chang wrote about... no homemade bunz and noodles... are you kidding me! There is zero chance that the restaurant I walked into on Friday was the same place that David Chang wrote about. There was no spirit... no love, it seemed like a commercial restaurant just serving up good food. Rule 1: ( I hope this doesn't sound racist) I never want my Ramen to be cooked by someone who is not Asian. I get Ramen because of it's authenticity.... there was not one person who was from Asia  behind the counter, no offense non-Asian chefs, but it's just not the same... regardless of your cooking ability. The fix-ins were good, the pulled pork, pork belly, seaweed, and poached egg, were all good.. but I just can't get over the noodles and broth... they were way below average. The momufuku poached egg was definetly better prepared than the poached eggs at ippudo and totto. While I was waiting for my soup, and flirting with the seductress at the bar, I watched the chefs prepare the duck salad... it honestly looked exquisite... the fresh greens and duck are topped off with a perfectly poached egg. You should definitely try it out. All in all... 16 dollars for a bowl of Ramen is a bit much, but I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it like I would enjoy a bowl of nebiaki udon from a local Japanese restaurant... it was typical and nothing out of the ordinary. I really have faith in Momufuku, I've read the book, and clearly they use to do something right... I love the name, I love its ambiance and sex appeal... but you guys seriously need to step it up. 0/2 Momo... 0/2.
I went here with a group about a year ago. It was actually my first Momofuku experience, and it almost made me not try the rest. I got an order of an asparagus with ham dish. After reading the description, I was expecting some slices of good ham with asparagus with a sauce on the side. When it arrived all I saw was 5 stalks of asparagus laid out. I was confused enough that I asked, and that's when I found out that the sauce was hiding under the asparagus, and that the ham was tiny bits mixed into the sauce. Not what I was expecting for $16. I tried some of the ramen that someone else ordered and was unimpressed. Ippudo, Yakitori Taisho, Menkui Tei, and plenty of other places have much better ramen. I also tried a few other dishes, but I can't remember them after a year. Generally they were unimpressive as well. The only standouts were the pork belly buns (which are available at Saam as well), and the smoked chicken wings. The wings were surprisingly smokey, and had the most flavor out of all of the dishes ordered. If you decide to go here, this is a must have. Water Refill Meter: 3/5 I don't remember it being bad or spectacular...generally average (you usually have to ask with a quick response).
Wow. Not much needs to be said more than what the reviews say. My first "bite of the Big Apple" was sinking my teeth into a heavenly porkbun at Momofuku. Truly a memorable experience. Just wow.
If I could I would give Momofuku 3 1/2 stars. After trying Ippudo's ramen and pork buns, per my friend I had to pay Momofuku Noodle bar since she claimed the pork buns here are better... I would have to say that my wait here on a Sunday night was half the time of ippudo, but that did not detour my verdict. I felt Ippudo's soup plus pork buns are better... I understand that the pork buns may be better at one of the other momofuku establishments, but I felt as if momofuku's pork buns did not have a culinary twist compared to ippudos.  Momofuku's buns is all to similar to the Chinese version with peking duck buns.  It had hoisin sauce, some chives, pork belly which I have to say melted like butter, and with a slice of cucumber.  It was delicious do not get me wrong, but I felt that there was more creative outlook to the ippudo's pork buns.
I find this place overrated. The pork buns are absolutely delicious, and we had a fantastic little frozen dark & stormy as a cocktail. I wouldn't pass either one of these things up. However, I thought the ramen was just so-so, and our service wasn't the best. I think I went in with really high expectations, and they were not met. 3 stars.
I have heard about momofuku on food network and since it was close to my friend's apt.  So we decided to give it a try...BIG MISTAKE!! Customer Service -1 star Long wait at 8:30pm, all because of their slow services...there were actually a customer that was seated at the bar, waited for about 30mins and none of the servers went up to greet him or take his orders...that customer got up and left the restuarant...he was very very angry. On the other hand, the kitchen had forgotten about our two bowls of ramen...took about 45mins for them to bring us our bowls of ramen, we finished our bottled of sake by the time they brought us our second dish!!! Food +2 stars Steamed Pork Buns - Tasted very similar to Peking Duck buns except they are stuffed with a slice of pork belly and pickled cucumbers. Momofuku Ramen and Rolled Pork Belly Ramen - The texture of the ramen was cooked just about right. Soup base SUCKS!! Tasted just like the Shoyu ramen package that you can purchase from any Japanese markets for $3.29 and there were not enough soup for the ramen!! $24 for this pork belly ramen - rip off!!The pork was a little too salty to go w/ the ramen. The only thing I like about this bowl of ramen is the poached egg. Roasted Trip-Tip Steak It doesnt worth $22 and it doesnt really have a taste to it. I WILL NOT RECOMMEND this noodle bar to any of my friends. If you see a line going out the door, it is not because of the food - it is because of their slow services... Pork Buns -$8 Momofuku -$16 Pork Belly Ramen -$24 Tri-Tip Steak -$22 MomoFuku Sake 720ml -$48 Ice-cream -$6 plus tax...approximately $125 for the three of us....i rather dine at Yakitori Totto...better service and food quailty
The pork ramen soup was unreal.  I dont even know the words to properly describe the porky goodness.
Pork bund are really delicious. The noodle bowl can easily be shared. However, a bit pricy.
I think what I've learned from David Chang's Yelp pages are to avoid the dinner rush at all costs. My man and I came here last week for LUNCH (I feel like I'm giving away a secret), there was no wait and plenty of room to sit and enjoy a meal. I was so excited to try his food, after watching every episode of The Mind of a Chef and various YouTube videos, I felt like I had an idea of what I was getting myself into. Boy howdy, was I wrong!! I'd never had pork steam buns before. I've only ever had the kind that is shredded and completely encapsulated by the bun. And those, more often than not wind up sitting in a tray in a Chinese shop for hours and render the pork drier than it should be. Though I knew this was certainly not the experience I was about to have... Holy hell, the pork bun was good! I could've eaten my boyfriend's too, had he not scarfed it down so fast!! The pork was tender and not with a ridiculous amount of fat on it. We ordered kimchi along with it and it went perfectly with the fatty, sweet and savory flavors of the bun. Though I'll admit this wasn't the best kimchi I've ever had... that award goes to my Halmoni,  understandably. We decided to order the shrimp buns after, to mix things up. The shrimp patty maintained large chunks of shrimp so that the plump shrimpy texture was still there. It was delicious, I only wish I'd had room to try the mushroom buns as well. As we sat at the bar, I loved watching them make dozens of these, one by one little identical pillows of happiness with which to stuff your face with. And we did. My boyfriend ordered the Momofuku ramen, it was rich and the pork was (again) cooked to perfection. I don't think I could have had a pork bun followed by a pork ramen, sooooo rich. But he enjoyed it. :) I had the spicy miso ramen. The noodles were perfectly al dente, I hate overcooked ramen noodles and they didn't disappoint. The chicken maintained it's crisp sear for the whole of the meal despite sitting in the broth. I also appreciate that it wasn't white meat, which would've sent me packing. The poached egg was (again) perfectly executed. Despite being overwhelmingly full, we forced room for dessert just to have the whole experience. We got all 3: the cookie, pretzel truffles and peanut butter soft serve. The soft serve was delightful, it was sat atop pieces of freeze dried strawberries that gave a slight crunch when you ate it while the soft serve itself was peanut buttery yet light, my favorite of the 3. The pretzel truffle was rich and salty, alone this would have been fantastic, but with 2 other desserts it was a bit of an overload. The cookie, I couldn't tell ya what kind of cookie it was... it was delicious and had crisp edges and a soft middle, it literally tasted like butter. If the cookie was made of only butter, sugar, and salt that seriously wouldn't surprise me. Again, the cookie was delicious but far too rich with the other desserts and such a meal. I loved this. The staff were all friendly and helpful, no wait to be seated, I thoroughly enjoyed the open kitchen concept and the food was all perfectly executed. Next up, I can't wait to go back and try their fried chicken meal!!!
Definitely does not live up to the hype and not worth the long wait. The ramen was so bland that my Asian friends and I had to spice it up with a lot of siracha sauce. I've had much better ramen in the city.
It doesn't taste as good as it looks. Pork buns are good, but all ramen smells like burnt. The time you wait more than the time you eat.
Summary: A high priced ramen place where you pay for the care they put into it-- and possibly the media attention and skillful designers. Pro: Great food, cool atmosphere. Con: Cramped spaces, hard to actually go in, slightly overpriced. I had high expectations of Momofuku, and for the most part, this placed delivered. I came here when visiting my sister, and we ordered a little bit of everything, including the ramen. The appetizers and smaller entrees were all great to my recollection. The place has a certain sense of no-nonsense sensibility surrounded by nonsense sensibility. By that I mean the menu where there is a little note explaining the restaurants refusal to substitute meat items. I suppose it's a way of proudly letting customers know that they are dedicated to the food as they come. Some people claim that it's not the most authentic, and those who frequent ramen places like I have will immediately recognize that the  the great decor and menu, not to mention the high prices somewhat conflicts with their overall claim of ramen authenticity. Ramen isn't supposed to be expensive is it? Regardless, the overall attention to the culinary experience is high, and the result is great. Overall the food is awesome, and while I wouldn't recommend this place on those looking for cheap filling ramen, I would recommend it for anyone else.
We came here late on a weekend evening and got seated within minutes -- sweet!! I wasn't that hungry so boyf and I split an order of steamed pork buns (pork belly, hoisin, cucumbers, scallions) and the momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg). Everything was really simple, delicious, and done just right.. it really reminded me of home. Perhaps that's why the price tag seemed a little high though, pork buns and ramen  don't cost that much. But it is Momofuku, and they can charge that much with that name. Seating is a little communal, so we were squeezed between a mom & daughter, and a couple on one of their first dates. I usually like a little more space in a nicer restaurant like this.
I love noodles. I drank the Chang Kool-Aide. I should love this place. But? Perhaps it's just not my thing, but as an offshoot of a place with 3 Michelin stars (Yes, Chang, I know you didn't want them... suck it) I expected to taste something at least as good as Okinawa or Ippudo, which are literally a 10 minute walk away. What I got instead was some cold boring cucumber noodles and a greasy pork bun. I can say that while I waited for my take-out the first time I went here, the staff was really nice & gave me some water while I was sitting at the bar. But I've been twice and I won't go again. There are more affordable, better places nearby & I don't have the time to waste.
This was my first foray into a David Chang institution, despite me being intrigued for quite a long time. I always ended up going somewhere else for unknown reasons. The pork buns are easily the best I have ever encountered. It's roasted, buttery, fatty pork belly superbly seasoned with a yummy sweet sauce, and put on a voluminous fluffy bun with oshinko (and something else that I cannot remember). You get two giant ones for $9 dollars. Personally I don't think thats very expensive, especially when something is this delicious. It's one of those things that literally melt in your mouth. The ramen was pretty good, even though it is not done traditionally. I prefer a very porky, milky tonkotsu, and this is less so then a place that really adheres to the authentic Japanese tradition like Ippudo. It has more pork in it, having both the traditional roasted pork belly and shredded pork shoulder. David Chang has said in numerous interviews that he purposely didnt do his ramen the traditional way because it is such a revered thing in Japan he didnt even want to touch it. So I don't hold it against him that it's done differently, bc its still delicious, but I prefer Ippuddo (and even Yakitori Taisho) over this. Also, its 17 dollars for a bowl of ramen. I do have to draw the line at that, I mean, in Japan it's among the cheapest food you can get, so there is really no justification for this, esp when a few blocks away you can get better ramen for 7 bucks on St Marks.
I came in to Momofuku hearing good things and I came out extremely disappointed. My girlfriend and I started out the night with some beer the momofuku pork buns. These were delicious and extremely flavorful and followed it with the mussels which were good as well. After these two delicious dishes I started wondering what the noodles are like. Momofuku Noodle Bar is like one of those movies/books that has great build up but fails at the final delivery. If this place was not named a noodle bar I would probably have given it a much higher rating; however, being a noodle bar this place fails in every way. My noodles came out and my soup was lukewarm at best and tasted so salty it was basically drinking sea water. The portion was extremely small and to top it off my noodles were undercooked. The best way to describe it would be chewing on rocks. OK maybe a bit exaggerated but hard nonetheless. My girlfriend's noodles were even worse. Her noodles were clumped together which shows that the person who prepared them probably didn't pay close attention to it. I've honestly had better instant ramen than Momofuku. Bottom line Momofuku Noodle Bar is a huge disappointment for a noodle bar. Everything but the noodles tasted good.
Loved it...Ramen was great and cured my hangover. I have to try the pork bun next time!
Disappointing and overpriced. Too many better options for ramen in NYC now. The place seems to cater mostly to tourists drawn by the Momofuku brand. I had their signaure Momofuku ramen, and the broth was mostly salty and devoid of rich flavor. The noodles reminded me of instant ramen noodles. The pork buns are also mediocre at best, considering how many great varieties of pork buns are available now throughout the city.
Visited on 6/7/2014 Try and call ahead and get a reservation! Incredibly busy and very lively, and we had to wait for approximately 30 minutes, but it was all worth it. We sat at the bar, elbow-to-elbow with other patrons, and were soon knee deep in goodness. Though, we didn't know where to start. The menu had so many options on it. We started with some pork buns, which were perfectly prepared. I had a hot ramen/noodle dish, with pork, and every spoonful was amazing. My wife had a cold noodle dish, and it was incredibly refreshing and each bit was savory. In hindsight, I wish we had ordered some buns to go.
Momofuku received a lot of hoopla when it first opened, making David Chang a household name on the New York culinary scene. It seems just as popular now, when he has a small empire of eateries. The no-rez policy kept me away over the years, but this year I resolved to finally make a pilgrimage, and it finally happened on a rainy day in June. I have a feeling the space has changed since the last time I attempted to dine here (both location and layout). Whatever the case, the current space looks great--large enough to handle a capacity crowd without letting the queue of the hungry wrap around the block (until after 7, anyway). There were modern wood tables up front, a hip bar area with blackboard specials, and a bunch of tables filling out the middle and back segments.  I arrived around 6:30 on a Thursday and the wait for me and a friend was just about 20 minutes--as promised. We sat down and received very good service from a crew that really knows what it's doing (selectively plucked from the talent pool by the chef himself, perhaps). They were friendly and efficient in a volume-diner environment without seeming too brisk or inattentive. The food lived up to its billing. We decided to get two orders of pork buns because, who knows when we'll next be here? The buns were absolutely transcendent, living up to the hype. Nice, puffy, glove-like buns filled with melt-in-your-mouth, fatty slices of roasted hog belly smothered in hoisin sauce and garnished with cucumbers. Simple and awesome. With this amount of deliciousness, sriracha might be rendered superfluous. The Momofuku Ramen was also a huge hit for me: pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg--who could ask for anything more. The frizzy noodles taste very homemade and different than most standard ramen varieties. There was just a world of flavor to the broth. We weren't on a tear that night, but for the thirsty, there's plenty of good beer, wine, and sake for your brain cells to battle. I had a Stillwater Farmhouse Ale that sadly came in the bottle. I would have asked for a pint or chalice, but I was too busy wolfing down my noodles!
They should take ramen off their menu: I had the Momofuku Ramen which had plenty of ingredients, including a ton of salt. For $16, you get your money's worth (I can't believe I'm saying that for ramen, but I'm starting to be numb to these price gouges). I have been waiting to try this place for months, and I can tell you there's at least 1/2 a dozen places that have better ramen than they do. and this is what they should be featuring instead: The pork buns on the other hand, is really delicious. I actually didn't mind paying $9 for it, as that's probably one of most delicious dish I have ever had. You have to throw on the sriracha sauce for the extra kick. A few seconds after my first bite, I was watching the pork fat drip out of the bun as I was letting the flavors swirl around in my mouth. Extremely delicious, and the gooey liquid explains why. The chicken wings were pretty good too, plenty of  smoky flavor with every bite. The smoke duck was not as good, if you were expecting duck. But if you didn't know it was duck, you might think its beef carpaccio. The smoking process drain away all the duck flavor, but it taste quite good, soft, tender, and juicy, even if its not what you would be expecting.
Came here for the first time with my boyfriend and was seated within 15 minutes.  I've been used to sharing tables and rubbing elbows with strangers growing up and eating in Chinatown but sharing a table here was just awkward.  You were so close in a dimly lit place that it was hard to have any sort of private conversation with the person you came with. I thought it was interesting how the wait staff all were dressed so casually that I couldn't tell who worked there and who didn't especially when it started getting busy.  It made for an easy-going atmosphere which was cool. We ordered the momofuku ramen and the pork buns and I really enjoyed the ramen.  The soup is what made it!  I think I may return with visiting friends so they can experience it and I can get my ramen fix.  Not many things on the menu for a picky eater like my boyfriend but for someone that enjoys trying new restaurants, especially ones with a Chef that has been on such shows as Martha Stewart, then I recommend you try this place at least once.
The bf took me here since we were both craving ramen and I had never tried Momofuku's before. I was expecting a general ramen restaurant serving different variety bowls of steaming hot, broth-filled bowls or ramen...like Menkui Tei. After scoring seats at the bar and looking at the menu (which looks like it changes every so often), I was surprised to see only 3 ramen choices: momofuku ramen, chilled spicy noodles (which I don't even consider a "ramen" choice) and ginger scallion noodles. It sounded like the momofuku ramen was the only type of ramen that would be served steaming hot and appreciated on a windy day. Here's what was ordered: -brisket buns (special for the day?) ($10): basic steamed bun filled with slice of brisket and horseradish mayo. It was quite good and even better with a kick of the hot sauce they give you. Made me want to try the other steamed bun sides. -momofuku ramen ($16): filled with pork belly and shoulder and a poached egg with beefy-tasting broth -ginger scallion noodles ($11): pickled cucumber, bamboo (menma) and mushrooms with heapings of green onions, but not so much ginger. The bowl was overly salty. I have to admit that the noodles were very good: chewy, tender and slurpable. I felt the ingredients accompanying the noodles was a bit overkill in the taste department. I, myself, prefer the more authentic ramen joints and if I could, would love to go back to Japan for some authentic ramen!
I was directed to Momofuku Noodle Bar by a friend on a day-trip to NYC to do a few things. After a long day of walking and traveling on the transit lines, we ended up outside Noodle Bar waiting 45 minutes to eat, with great anticipation. While we waited a few celebrities made there way from inside which made me think this was the place to be for lunch in the city. After our wait, we got a seat at the bar where we ordered wings, kimchi, pork belly buns and some ramen. Sounds good right? Right? Well, it was ok. The wings weren't really what you would call "meaty," kimchi is kimchi, the pork belly buns were pretty good, but nothing really stood out from any other buns that I have had at similar places and ramen wasn't the highlight that everyone seems to praise. Not knowing the empire of places that David Chang has in the city, it became clear to me that a place like this is a hot spot simply because of its namesake. I won't steer anyone clear of stopping here for a meal, but I'm not going to jump on the wagon with the rest of the adoring reviews.
I've been here twice now...Once for Fried Chicken and once for ramen.  First the Fried Chicken They really know how to take care of you when it comes to fried chicken at Momofuku.  They're getting it ready as you sit down and you're eating within 10 minutes.  The chicken itself comes in two styles, Southern style, and Korean style (you get two chickens, one each way).   The southern chicken is not similar to any fried chicken I had growing up in NC, but it was really freaking good.  It was as if it were dry rubbed, not battered.  The Korean style was also good, but I think Mad For Chicken edges Momofuku out on flavor and texture.   The meal comes with raw vegetables that are somewhat useless, tortilla-like flat breads, and several sauces that allow you to make the chicken taste many different ways.  All the sides are "refillable".  I was in a party of 8 and was worried that we wouldn't have enough food.  Not a problem.  There was way more chicken than I thought there would be. Now, for the Ramen: I went with my GF on a Saturday night and, while they were very busy, we got seated in less than 15 minutes.  The cost of such speedy service--we were sat at a six person table between two other couples.  The tables at Momofuku are not big, so this made conversation awkward.  First piece of advice:  Request to sit at the bar. The pork belly steamed buns are rediculous.  I could hear my arteries screaming for mercy, but didn't care.  We also had the roasted corn as an appetizer.  I'm not exagerating when I say that it may be the best corn I've ever had. The ramen is very good.  It comes with both pork belly and pulled pork shoulder.  The only complaint I have is that it is not spicy at all.  They serve sriracha sauce with the ramen so you can spice it up yourself, but sriracha really adds its own flavor to the dish.  I wish there was a spicy version on the menu like at Totto.   All in All, Momofuku does a pretty good job of living up to the hype.
Some of the stuff here is great, some of it merely good.  Obviously with over 600 reviews enough has been said, but I'm writing this review for the benefit of other vegetarians and vegans.  There are things on this menu you can eat, but you have to talk to you server; most of the stuff gets fried in pork fat and fish flakes and stuff unless you request otherwise.  The shitake buns really are very good; the non-meaty noodle dish (note: no broth) is skippable.  The dark and stormy slushy is a boozy paradox: when you're overheated, the ice cools you down, but on a freezing night, the shoyu and intense spiciness warm you right up.  MOST IMPORTANTLY, this restaurant features a special soft serve flavor not available at the milk bar!
I just don't get what all the hype is about. It is basic Asian-style unimaginative food. It didn't knock my socks off and the service was just ok - the food took a LONG time to get to our table. I wouldn't go back and doesn't make me want to the to main restaurant either.
after days of good (and over) eating, was time for something light-ish. and with the heat & humidity, what could be more perfect than veg. laden cold noodles and hamachi sashimi? eating these in the cool comfort of a bar stool at momo. oh, i couldn't resist the delicious pork belly bun either.
Pros:  Very, very well done Pork Buns because of how deliciously fatty it is. There is an abundance of fatty flavor all over the menu, and for those who loves food no matter the possible health draw backs of supreme butter salt and fat, this is THE place to be. Although it was super busy, the well trained staff keeps the tables turn-over rate high so as to get to everyone in time. Cons: I'm gonna nit pick here. The Pork Buns, thought fatty, don't have thaaat much flavor. There is liberal usage of salt in most dishes, and also the place is a bit of a tight fit. Those with claustrophobia should avoid. Specifics: Pork buns- very fatty and soft but doesn't have enough flavor Brisket buns- tastes like a soft beef jerky, peppery and mayo Scallion ramen- very oily but good Soy sauce eggs- may be too salty for some Momofuku ramen- may be too salty for some Spicy ramen- not that spicy Bottom line: Worth the pork bun, but could be better. Ko is a godly 100000% better. Comparable to: This is better than Ippodo, but similar.
The shiitake mushroom bun and the ginger, scallion, shiitake ramen was amazing. The pickled veggies were great too!
Note: this is a vegetarian's review of a place that is clearly not meant for vegetarians. That being said, I think this place is overrated- whether you eat meat or not. To start, I ordered the shiitake buns- or at least I tried. Apparently the shiitake is soaked in pork. Fine. So I tried to order the pickle plate- the only other non-salad veg appetizer- but the kimchi is soaked in shrimp sauce. Whatever, who wants to drop $8 for a few pickled vegetables anyway? So I sat there while my boyfriend ate his chicken buns (which looked delicious). I'm surprised the menu of this popular noodle house hasn't been expanded for vegetarians. I mean, most Asian places nowadays have a few different veggie options- and we're in the East Village people! For my meal, I ordered the shiitake mushroom noodles. They were fine- but $15 for a handful of greens and mushrooms in a salty broth is a bit much. $15-$20 for any of the noodle dishes- yes, even the ones with meat/seafood- is a lot. Especially if you have to wait 30 min to have said overpriced food.  I topped my meal off with the ice cream- which was interesting- a really sweet and less creamy version of pinkberry. Fine, but not great- just like the rest of our meal. Disappointing!
Hotttttt dang!  After seeing all the positive reviews, I had to check out this place for the ramen.  With a fellow Seattlite, we went on a wet Saturday afternoon, waited about 15-20 minutes for seats and got some deeeelish ramen!  I ordered the Momofuku ramen - LOVED IT.  The pork felt like it was melting in my mouth, so soft and tasty.  The ramen was cooked just right (I don't like overcooked noodles), the couple slices of dry seaweed was good in mix.  The egg was perfect in the noodles & broth.   *drooool*  The only reason I deducted a star was the price.  Eek it was steep!  I didn't check the price before going.  My poor, unemployed wallet took a hit.   My friend ordered the cold spicy noodles - he let me try it and DANGGGG it was SPICY.  And this comes from someone who loves tabasco or chili pepper in anything/everything.  The noodles were quite oily too.   Once I'm happily employed, I will have to head back!  The buns looked SOOO good.
Just wanted to warn my fellow yelpers that the chilled spicy noodles, although quite tasty, are deathly spicy! I could only take a couple of bites at a time and it was impossible to keep eating. I personally find the ramen here pretty standard, and the broth a bit too salty for my taste, but to each his (her) own. Pork buns are a standout, make sure you get them!
The wait was TOO long (line started forming outside,) and once we sat, it was at a shared long table. Tried out some of the ginger scallion noodles (ok,) the broth of the momofuku ramen (very salty,) the tamale (with cheese & peppers, it was bland, but fine,) had a mushroom bun (very salty, but flavorful,) and their chocolate chip cake truffles were ok...like cookie dough. Some of the prices were okay (for the specials written on the black chalkboards,) but the regular menu prices were a bit more than what they're worth. The waiter that evening was nice...but it got quite busy. This place was alright...fun location.
It's ok. Is it worth the wait? No. Are there better places around that are cheaper? Yes. The food is good but the place is always crowded. People are sucking David Chang hard, and that's fine but I'd rather not jostle past pretentious hipsters and fat chicks dressed for the club to have ramen.   *Let me clarify: the food is very good, the service is a bit slow. It's not the food that gives this place 3 stars, its the hype and the incessant crowd.
I went to this restaurant and didn't expect much from it, but absolutely LOVED it!  The ramen was amazing (my favorite part was the soft-boiled egg on it).  The pork buns are awesome.  I didn't care for the rice cakes (the texture was cool, but they just tasted spicy... I like spicy things, but these didn't have any flavor to them... just like drinking szechuan sauce).  Other than that, I really liked this place.
Went back to Noodle Bar agin yesterday to see what the Summer menu surprises could be found. Roasted Corn & Shrinp Ramen was delicious!! The specials Tamales wrapped in Banana leaves were pretty good. JalapenoQueso was spicy and delicious, the Chicken and Pork version were a little dry and I was just not a fan of the Pork with Kimchi Tamale at all. Ham and Mustard Bun worked really well. If Service was still great, food was creative and looking forward to what Fall will bring.
I make a point to come here every time I'm in NY and I love their pork buns... Juicy thick slices of pork dripping with fat.  They do have a long wait usually and they cram you in tiny spaces to sit cafeteria style.  I enjoyed my garlic scallion noodles.  But, my cousins didn't enjoy the ramen because it was too salty for their taste.  The waitress was nice and they do come by to refill water and pick up your empty plates often.
This would not be a good review if I was only talking about the ramen, which as many have pointed out is not as good as many other NY spots, but there are some redeeming things here, most importantly the pork buns. You can get the pork buns along with some fantastic cocktails at Booker & Dax, though, without having to wait all night, so I'd recommend just stopping in there instead.
I have eaten at the Momofuko Ssam Bar in NYC as well as the Momofuko in Toronto so I had high expectations for the Noodle Bar.  Had to wait for tables (no surprise) but wait was only 15 minutes for two people (not the 30 minutes we were first told).  Steamed buns were great.  The Momofuko Ramen was a little underwhelming and bland.  I was expecting far more flavorful ramen.   Our server was great and the staff attentive and friendly.  Overall I think the experience would have been better if I was not expecting so much but next time I think I'll stick to Ssam Bar when in NYC.
This place fundamentally changed the way I not only think about pork noodles, eggs and icees, but more existential things such as religion and the invention of the printing press. David Chang kinda of comes off as a jerk in interviews, but then again so does Sean Penn and have you seen Mystic River? I dare you not to cry.
Been here twice, both times I had the ramen and an order of steamed buns. The ramen is incredible but seems to drown itself in pork, which can be a bit overwhelming and definitely heavy. The steamed chicken buns are incredible though and two orders of those can suffice for a decent afternoon snack. Prices are decent, and the restaurant gets packed real quick. Reminds me of all those ramen noodle bars I saw in Japan and is the closest thing to authentic Japanese noodles I've tasted in the city. Definitely a great place to check out, I may revise my review of this when I try something extremely different off the menu.
This review is solely based on the ramen. Mind you, I literally just stumbled in here on a cold afternoon two years ago, before I even heard of Momofuku anything so the name caught my eye and I was cold and hungry. The place is tiny, I can deal with that. The bowls of noodles are pretty big, no complaints there. However, the broth. Ick the broth is sodium city! (No, I didn't order the shio). I am not a fan of Berkshire pork fat nor salted preserved veggies so that's just my problem, I'm not blaming the restaurant; I picked out all the unwanted pieces of food and threw it my brother's bowl, which he inhaled, so at least somebody thinks MNB deserves more than 1 star. I don't take points off food I don't particularly enjoy; like I said, that's just my problem. However, I do take points off being served an overpriced bowl of salty but not savory noodle soup. This is a mistake I won't be repeating again. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh but if this place wasn't so overrated I wouldn't be as annoyed. But it is, and I am.
The key to Momofuku Noodle Bar is getting there at noon...on a weekday.  No wait, and we were seated immediately at the bar.  It was a cold dreary December day and by 11:30am, Ippudo already had a 45 minute wait.  No thanks. I'm glad we came to Momofuku instead.  We each ordered the Momofuku ramen.  Delicious smoky broth with tender pork belly, soju-soaked cabbage, seaweed, and other sorts of delicious bits I can't name right now.  And on top of it all is a perfectly poached egg.   We also got some roasted rice cakes to share beforehand.  Talk about rice/noodle/carb overload.  But it was totally worth it.
I wish the Ramen had more deeper flavor. Other apps were great especiall bao buns with caramelized mushrooms
Bun was good, personally but don't think the noodles suits Asians taste that well.  The girl at the front looks real pissed :-/
Not a fan of fatty pork belly.  The noodle was okay, kind of salty. Also overpriced in my opinion.
The new Momofuku Noodle Bar on 1st Ave is... just like the old one but bigger! And looks more like the Ssam Bar, too. Hooray for real tables and the better looking wood panels walls. The old location looked like they had plywood stapled to the walls and in my opinion, left something to be desired. And hooray that the food is the same (there is the seasonal menu changes, of course) except that the wait is just as long! We got a table for 5 here on Sunday night after a wait of 45 minutes, which started at 7:30pm. I guess that's not too bad. (I mean, I did wait 3 hours once for another restaurant...) I looooove Momofuku. If David Chang wanted me (and if I didn't have a man already) I'd marry him in a heart beat. He is an absolute genius with pork!! Like many other restaurants, Momofuku Noodle Bar has better appetizers than the entrees. Don't know why that is (maybe the smaller size hence leaving you wanting more) but that's the case. Yes, the pork bun is to die for. Who's going to complain about chunky pork belly between yummy sauce and soft white buns? I mean, really, I was about to lick the pork grease running down my wrist but I had to stop myself. Afterall, I *was* in public! The roasted rice cakes (which is a twisted and delicious version of dduk-bok-ki) is a MUST. Toasted and crispy rice cakes in some sauce which I can't decipher. Whatever it is, it's good. I personally am not a huge fan of the ramen here but everything else is so so good. I got the fried chicken which was the daily special last night. It was finger lickin' good. Yes, the Colonel should be worried. The chicken & egg over rice, which sounds just so-so is nothing but. I highly recommend! And On a cold night, the ox-tail soup is something reminiscent of what my mom might make... but different! And good. I love the Ssam Bar, too but the Noodle Bar is just one notch better, I think.
We started with the shrimp buns and they were AMAZING. Then we tryied both, the chicken and the pork ramen and they were both amazing. Service was very good and the place, although we weren't able to make reservations, was with enough space for us. We wanted some tea at the end but they didnt have :S but in general it was a very good experience!
Interesting Asian Fusion noodle bar but it is crowded and it takes forever to be seated. There is a young lady milling about with an iPad that I am convinced was off the whole time because there seemed to be no real method (or common sense) to the seating madness. The food was quite good, but for me it wasn't enough to endure the wait again.
AWFUL. The momofuku ramen was just okay and the chilled spicy noodle was disgusting. I had a couple of bites and was literally in pain. Listen, I can eat spicy foods... I'm Southeast Asian and have eaten everything in Thailand. But this was just unpleasant and the dish wasn't even that flavorful. I had them take away my dish because I couldn't eat anymore (my stomach is still churning from the spicy oil). They asked me if I wanted to box it and I told them, I CANT EAT IT. I was very nice about it and even laughed at the ridiculous-ness of this dish. When we got the check, they didn't remove the dish and the general manager tells us since "nothing was wrong with the dish" he couldn't remove the charge. YO, I COULD NOT EAT THAT LAVA. I was just too tired and my mouth was still freaking burning so I paid and left. NEVER EAT HERE. JUST DON'T. Like seriously, who does that? When I return a plate because it was TOO painful to eat, you don't see anything wrong with that? I'm writing a formal complaint to the restaurant, the company, f-ing David Chang, and telling everyone I know to avoid this place. I want justice!
The place was packed and had very LIVELY crowd. The wait was about 15 min for lunch on a saturday.. Since us three weren't that hungry, we ordered::: sliced sea scallop - yuzu kosho, cilantro, beet roasted foie gras - celery root & miso purée, brown butter, pineapple momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg I wouldn't have tried two appetizers + one entree for three people if we lived in NY. However, since I knew we were never coming back here again (since there are so many other places to try in NY!) , we decided to go with these. My personal favorite was the scallop. Very fresh, clean and sweet. I actually liked it more than seared scallops from other places. I wished that the portion was a little bigger. Foie gras was tasty and loooved the pineapple hint on the puree - foie gras was too rare for me,though. Lastly, the ramen. Mediocre. It was no more special than regular japanese ramen. I think I've had better ones before, although the portion was pretty good. It's a bummer I didn't get to try the pork buns, but oh well~ This place was $$$ for lunch! But I'm excited to try other Momofuku restaurants. ;)
Naturally I wanted a big bowl of ramen after my first 5k race, so I trudged my way down to the East Village with a companion and waited half an hour to be seated, at 9pm on a Thursday.  So far so good. We ordered pork buns and pork kimchi tamales as appetizers.  Pork buns were good, but I have to agree with other reviews who said they weren't the best.  it had all the elements - generous slices of pork that were sufficiently meaty and satisfying to chew on, yummy hoisin sauce, cucumbers - but when it all came together I was kind of underwhelmed.  We both thought that Ippudo's pork buns were better.  Both are rip offs at $8-9 for 2 buns you could get much cheaper in Chinatown, but if you're going to get ripped off then you should do it at Ippudo.  I remember being Ippudo's being more delicious and I can't quite put my finger on it.  Perhaps the pork itself was more flavorful. Pork Kimchi tamale definitely generated the "eh" reaction.  The proportion was good - I like more filling and less of the corn stuff, and while there was plenty of pork, I tasted no kimchi.  When I order something with kimchi in it, I expect to taste the kimchi.   Then came the reason we were there -- the momofuku ramen bowl.  Not bad, but we were looking for more than "not bad".  Enjoyable broth, my companion thought the flavors were more subtle here than at Ippudo.   The pork slices were good, the shredded pork in it was pretty delicious and I enjoyed the seaweed.  Poached egg was a little odd, as once I broke the yoke it just got lost in the broth.   Maybe it was also the lack of options, or maybe it was too subtle.  Either way, Momofuku's ramen just didnt really do it for me.   And I wasn't expecting life-changing ramen (even at $16/bowl).  I was just expecting delicious, savory, satisfying ramen, so that I could at least justify both the price and the wait.  Unfortunately the ramen justified neither, and certainly not both.   I had wanted to come here for a while after trying Ippudo so I could compared the pork buns and ramen from two of the supposedly best ramen places in the city.  I'm glad I went because now I know - next time I want to be knowingly jipped for delicious ramen and pork buns, I'll be going over to Ippudo.
Please come out to Los Angeles The order: The pork/shiitake buns - huge piece of pork inside tiny bun, so good momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg - I've been to a lot of ramen houses, but i don't know what they do, but the broth is delicious and the noodles are not to thin and not to thick, just the perfect size miso ramen - smoked chicken, swiss chard, soy egg - I had to order the Momfuku Ramen, but i'm glad we ordered the miso ramen, the smoked chicken, swiss chard with the miso broth makes this bowl one of the best Ramen bowl's i have ever had a liked it over the Momofuku Ramen bowl From the milk bar  - Soft Serve twist, should have just gotten the Pretzel, salted and sweet you can never go wrong with that combination
Pretty spectacular pork buns, great noodle bowls. Kimchi tamales were also very nice. Inventive delicious dinner for great price, but everyone knows that which is why it was an hour and a half wait last Saturday night. It may have been worth the wait . . .
I visited NYC 2 weeks ago and my friend recommended this noodle bar to me.  I think the noodles and the pork buns are average only.   Ramens in California are much better.  And the price is much more expensive, maybe it's NYC.
Great great noodles. Had the hot sausage dish. It's such a simple concoction of raw spinach, excellent dente noodels, SPICY sausages and candied cashews. SOOO GOOOD!
come here and order steam pork buns. you won't regret it. we also ordered ramen but that was only ok. the wait can get pretty long but they have other locations where you can get the steam pork buns too!!!
I'm not sure if it's because this place is so overhyped or maybe I am just not a big enough ramen fan, but I was not super impressed by this restaurant. I arrived with two others around 9pm on a Sunday night and waited 45 minutes for a seat at the bar. I tried the chicken wings and the momofuku ramen. The chicken wings were moist and flavorful and I ended up dipping some of my pork belly in the leftover sauce. The ramen though, while being solid and definitely good ramen, was nothing spectacular in my opinion. The broth was fine and the noodles were fine and the pork belly was fine. I finished most of it and liked it enough, but the broth seemed a little fatty (probably thanks to the pork belly) and I wasn't inclined to stuff myself here the way I might try to finish something at a restaurant where I REALLY loved my entree. The other two people I was with liked it much more than I did though, so maybe it's just because I am not a big ramen person, but I don't have any burning desire to come back to the noodle bar. I would, however, love to try some of the other Momofuku restaurants. One thing I loved was how clean and open the kitchen was. You could see the chefs preparing everything and the kitchen looked pretty spotless.
Momofuko Noodle Bar NY: East Village 7pm Wednesday 26th February 2014 Five Stars I finally got to eat me some David Chang Ramen.  The place is very small with two long counters and some bench tables.  Luckily, we were seated immediately at the end of the counter by the window.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  The pork buns and beef buns were simple and flavorful.  The balance of the soft rice flour bun, fatty meat, and a little vegetable crunch was perfect.   I had to get the Traditional Momofuko Ramen which was $16, but worth every dollar because of the large portion size and deliciousness.  Unlike the standard tonkotsu ramen, the dish lacked a thick layer fat.  However, the broth was unctuous, smoky, and clean with a nice amount of salt.  The sous vide egg was done to perfection-the whites were barely holding together and the yolk split into velvet gold.   The Pork Shoulder and Pork Belly provided two contrasting tasty elements.  The Cabbage, Nori, and Naruto were fine accompaniments.  Overall, I loved every bite.  For Dessert we had the Pretzel Cake Truffles, which gave me diabetes.  This confection was just decadence smothered in Butter and Brown Sugar.
I wanted so badly to love Momofuku Noodle Bar, but I was so disappointed in the ramen. I had the momofuku ramen ($16). The broth was salty and the pork was a little tough. I did love the perfectly al dente, chewy texture of the noodles. However, the broth is the most important part of ramen for me and it really let me down. We did try the famous pork buns, which are as good as everyone says they are. Hot, fresh, with tender pork and freshly steamed buns. Those are worth getting. The interior of the restaurant is extremely loud and hectic - it's more a come, eat, go sort of place. I wouldn't recommend it if you want to spend hours eating and chatting with friends. Come for the pork buns - skip the ramen. For great ramen, head up toward Hell's Kitchen for Totto Ramen.
Love the food, ambiance, and trendy feel to David Chang's Noodle Bar.  Got there at 5pm on Saturday for 530pm dinner doors, we were 3rd in line.  Asked for and got counter service, which is something I try to do when available (other notables - L'Atelier in Vegas and Commis in Oakland), as I enjoy the "feel" of the kitchen and watching the chefs prepare and work their magic. We both loved the Ramen - 1 Momofuku and 1 Spicy, chicken wings, soy sauce eggs, 5 spice chips and of course 2 orders of pork buns. The presentation and taste of all were great, and the service was remarkably good (2/13/10) for having every seat filled and literally 35 people waiting that I counted. Have suggested to friends visiting NYC, and they loved it as well.  Next up is the Ssam Bar in September!
We had a large group so we were seated all at different times at the bar, but it worked out fine. I had the mushroom/vegetarian ramen and a bite of the mushroom/vegetarian bun. The bun was really awesome - light fluffy white dough enveloping a mix of sauteed mushrooms. The ramen on the other hand, was suuuuper salty. It was tasty, but way too salty. Two of us had it and had the same experience. I'm not sure I would go back. It's a place with a cool, hip, fresh vibe, so good place to meet friends, but the food didn't rock my socks. I'm not quite sure what the hype is. I'm sure there are places in LA that have equally as good ramen without the fancy decor and just as long of a wait.
Was looking forward to their Fried chicken dinner for months. To be honest, from their online description, I was eagerly expecting two intact whole fried chickens but it actually comes out as a bunch of wings and breasts, which begs the question 'where are the thighs?' I like thighs! Nonetheless the southern fried breast meat was tender and juicy and took on the flavors of the sauces (hoisin, garlic/onion, korean, and another soy looking one I didn't try) and delicious crunch of the veggies all together wrapped in pancake. The Korean style was better on it's own and was good but not spectacular. Appetizers were tasty with had surprising flavors but too bad we had a large party so I only had very small samples: Cauliflower (amazing), beets, and baby greens. Good choice of beers. Very good and friendly service.
This review is based on my visit from a year or so ago, so things might be a little different now. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated on a Saturday night at 6:30. We ordered the pork buns to start with and the Momofuku ramen. I have to say that I would give five stars just for those pork buns. Nothing else comes close. The pork just melts in your mouth. People who say Ippudo's pork buns are better have either 1) not tried Momofuku's buns or 2) Momofuku's buns must not be good anymore. As for the ramen, it was just eh. Ippudo definitely has better ramen. I would go back just to see if the buns are still awesome.
Came here with the presumption that Momofuku Noodle Bar would be overrated and overpriced. Happy to report that this place was not TOO bad..... My friend and I started off with an order of the pork buns. These were okay.. I've tasted pork buns from Ippudo and Momofuku Ssam bar so far, and these would fall somewhere in between Ippudo's and Ssam bar's. The pork buns weren't bad, they just weren't as flavorful as the ones from Ssam Bar. As our entrées, we both got the Momofuku Ramen and both agreed that the soup was way too salty. I drank water like there was no friggin' tomorrow. The noodles were good and not overcooked. Soup base was the source of sodium overload. Overall, I left the restaurant somewhat satisfied, but probably because I walked in with low expectations. Average ramen. My search continues. Oh, for those who want to avoid the long wait times this place is notorious for, I arrived around 6:15 pm and was able to sit down immediately. Around 7:30-8:00pm when I left, there was a small queue of about 3 parties waiting to be seated. Not bad for a Friday night!
Everything here was absolutely delicious. Very casual, friendly and a fantastic price. Can't beat the place at this price. Some don't beat it at twice the price! No reason not to go here
Much has been said, on this site and every other media outlet in New York City, about David Chang and his "Momofuku Empire". While its true that there is a bit of an Infatuation man crush going on here, I will also be the first to admit that the Momofuku Noodle Bar does not always live up to the hype (how could it?).  It can be pricey, depending on how you order, and it's not the easiest place to get a table. There are definitely other celebrated ramen establishments in the neighborhood that serve a cheaper bowl of noodles, but to visit Momofuku Noodle bar in hopes of spending 10 bucks on some soup, is to miss the point altogether. What makes the place special are all those other things on the menu that keep me coming back for a bar seat at the open kitchen like I'm actually going to learn something (I won't). Come for the fried chicken special, come because there is pork in damn near everything, come because they have a soft serve machine and a solid beer list. Make an evening out of trying new things and you won't leave dissapointed. Steinthal and I my argue over whether Momofuku or Ippudo claim title to the best steamed pork bun in the city, but we both certainly agree that Momofuku Noodle Bar is an indisputable Infatuation favorite. immaculateinfatuation.com
I wanted to give Momofuku a chance since my boyfriend I have always supported Ippudo, but never tried Momofuku noodle bar. When we arrived, the line was short and we were seated quickly. This was something we appreciated since ippudo was often a long wait. Once we were seated we were greeted by a server who was kind, but did not provide extraordinary service. We ordered pork belly buns, chicken wings, and two momofuku ramens. I replaced the pork shoulder and pork belly with chicken instead. The buns were delicious ,but it wasn't the pork belly- it was the sauce. They spread on a heavy amount of hoisin that overcomes any flavor of the pork belly. So if you love hoisin, this is a perfect dish. I just wish the chefs made more of an effort to put in their talent and creativity into these buns.Next, the wings were wonderful. They were simple, but delicious! Lastly, the momofuku ramen was not as expected. I've heard so many positive things about their ramen, but to be honest it was mediocre. Nothing had stood out to me. My boyfriend wasn't impressed as well. For the price you pay, the meal was just not worth it. I definitely want to return after they enhance their menu, but for now I'll be spending my money elsewhere.
This review is for the Fried Chicken, overall I'm not too impressed. The Fried Chicken at Momofuku is served two ways. They take 2 whole chickens, and fry them one southern style and one korean style. Separately, I've had better Southern Fried Chicken (I just LOVE me some Popeye's) and also had WAY better Korean Fried Chicken (Mad for Chicken is hands down the king of Korean Fried Chicken). So if neither one of these styles of chicken impressed me, why did we just pay $100 for it? The only real exciting thing about the meal was just how impressed that mountain of Fried Chicken looked. It also came with mu shu pancakes that you can use as a tortilla - also a plate of veggies on the side. It really does help lighten up the meal. Also, it came with 4 sauces: ginger-scallion, kimchi, minced kimchi and kochujang. I really liked the sauces and the pancakes, but I don't think it's worth the extra price for me. I would recommend if you're looking for a large format Momofuku meal, to go get the Bo Ssam instead (though it is about 2x the price)... Also had the pork bun here, it just tasted like a huge chunk of pork to me, I still like Ippudo's better.
As an answer to the question of: Ippudo v. Momofuku?   This is pretty much a wash, and it will usually come down to the common denominator on two factors: Ramen and Pork Buns.   When it comes to Ramen, there is no question that Ippudo rocks the house.  Great flavoring, Great sides to accompany it.  The accouterments really add a nice texture to the experience.  Unparalleled in my opinion.  Momofuku is a tad bit on the salty side, and is only saved by a hefty portion of their pork.  Their broth is nothing to write home about, and if I did, my mother would ask me why I'm writing about such crappy Ramen.   BUT, it can never be mentioned enough how incredible the Pork Buns are at Momofuku, which places them leaps and bounds in front on this end.  (I realize that I've capitalized "Pork Buns" here, and when you make something this good, you give it the due respect.)  It has a great layered taste, lingering after you've bitten trough the thick piece of pork belly seasoned to perfection.  Ippudo's pork buns are puny in comparison and smothered with sauce.  In my not-so-humble opinion, sauce smothering is the lazy man's seasoning.  (I remember an old Schoolhouse Rock bit on not drowning your food, and I believe that it has profoundly affected me to this day.)   Sadly, or in my opinion, not so sadly, I recommend you check both these places out, and love that you live in a city with such incredible dining.  If you're still up in the air about which is better, well then, I guess you'll have to just flip back and forth and eat at both locations over and over and over and over and over and over . . .
I came here for lunch to try the fried chicken. We started with pork buns because I've heard so much about the ones at Momofuku. The bun itself was quite good and the perfect texture for my tastes, fluffy but not bready and light. The pieces of pork had way more fat than I care for. On a 1-inch thick piece of pork, a full half of it was a layer of fat. I could've done with a little more hoisin but the crispness of the cucumbers kind of made up for the overwhelming fat flavor. We also got the corn and the zucchini for starters. The corn tasted like butter. I mean really tasted like butter. This review makes me sound like a hate the joy of butter and pig fat but it's not the case. This just happened to be excessive. We got a bowl of greens to accompany the fried chicken and I grabbed a mint leaf to wrap some of the corn in - vast improvement. The corn really needed a non-butter flavor. Even salt would've done something but there was none on the table. The grilled zucchini was good though. As far as the chicken goes, the buttermilk was my favorite. The Korean style tasted too chili-heavy for me. It had that chili powder smokiness but no other flavors. The buttermilk had a good crispy skin, the meat inside was juicy and it went very nicely with the sauce options. It came with house made hot sauce, jalapeño vinaigrette and hoisin, among others. The jalapeño vinaigrette was awesome. I advise taking a buttermilk piece and soaking it in the sauce - it'll be worth it. The slushies are worth a try too. Interesting flavors and manageable size (the smaller one).
I have heard about this place for a long time and was happy to finally get there. Atmosphere: It is aptly named a noodle bar because there is a lot of seating at the bar and it is likely you will get seated here if it is crowded, we weren't given a choice.  Either way even at the tables it is a more communal setup so don't expect to hold any conversations that are too private. It is also noisy, basically a very casual atmosphere. It was a Saturday night at 7:30, so inevitably there was a wait, about 30 minutes. They give you a menu and you can order drinks while you wait. Drink: I recommend trying the "Soju," it is a frozen alcoholic drink, I had the Lychee flavor and it was delicious; not cheap though, a tiny size will cost $5, a large $10.  I had to order a second because my meal was so spicy! FOOD: Appetizer: I am a big fan of Chinese Pork Buns and have had them everywhere from Brooklyn to Hong Kong, so I had to try one here. This was a very different version, perhaps because Momofuku is Japanese cuisine; but it was the MOST DELICIOUS pork bun you will ever eat. I don't eat pork regularly -it has to be really good. This was a thick piece of juicy pork, in a steamed bun shaped like a tiny taco. The meat was succulent and the flavor did not overpower at all, there were thin sliced cucumbers and some scallion inside. Their hot sauce was also very tasty (but, hot!) and a perfect complement to this appetizer. I would go back just for this. Two come in a serving and I wanted to steal my boyfriends half. Entrée: I tasted their signature plate the Momofuku Ramen and it was again, very tasty pork in broth. If you love pork get this. But I ordered the chilled spicy noodles -(sichuan sausage, spinach, & cashews). It was actually warm which was nice and so tasty. I don't know what made it spicy but the flavor was outstanding. The spinach made me deceivingly feel I was eating a healthy dish (actually I wish there was more spinach because I love my green veggies) and the cashews were crunchy and candied. This all went great with the sausage but the noodles were really the best part, keep in mind there wasn't really a broth to this one.  It was so good but you should like spicy food if you make this choice. I loved it and downed it even though my mouth and lips were on fire; but I don't have the best tolerance for spicy food although I enjoy the flavor.
I REALLY wanted to believe the hype. I wanted the 1.5 hour wait on a Friday night to mean something...but while the food here is solid, it is not transcendent, it is not quite buzz worthy. We went here on a Monday night at 8:30pm, waited only 10-15 minutes, were seated at a crowded communal table with NO COAT RACKS! Come prepared: don't bring your huge siberian weather ready parka. THEN: A man in the party next to us squeezes in, without a requisite seat. Basically, they were sitting 5 people at four seats. Ruddy (his name) actually turns out to be a smart and funny man who is quite social with my dining partner and I. Ah: the perks of a communal table. Another issue with the ambiance is that it's quite bright and loud, a bit too much like a junior high school lunch cafeteria for my tastes. The food: - Pork buns with hoisin and cucumber - The pork belly meat is perfectly rendered, tender, and delicious. There's not enough hoisin sauce for my taste, but Momofuku's home-made Siracha sauce does the trick. - Miso Ramen: Again, the smoked chicken meat here is rendered to delicious perfection. The egg that comes with it is also VERY good. The only issue here is the broth: not quite flavorful enough, not enough depth, falls a bit flat. Especially disappointing for miso flavored ramen (my favorite). - Momofuku Ramen: Also a bit disappointing on the broth front. The meat here again is quite good. - No dessert: too full! Moral of the story is: I think I might go to Ssam Bar next time I'm craving a Momofuku experience as the best parts of my meal were meat, after all. If you're wanting a deep ramen experience, perhaps go elsewhere.
Left me underwhelmed- especially after the hype around it. Pork Buns were good, but not great. Ramen was...well ramen. Plus- only 15 minute wait!
I want to like this place more, but I can't get that into the ramen-- the broth is too salty and smokey for my taste. I'm never particularly satisfied after a bowl. It's not bad, just not great.  I also feel like I end up spending way too much money for what I get. I do love the pork buns though (5 stars for that). They are nice and fatty with a lot of deep flavor. The ambience itself is really fun, which is why I end up back here from time to time with friends, and the service is good too. They have a lot of people in the kitchen, so the food will come lout really quickly if you are in a rush, but I don't feel like the servers are ever rushing me out. All in all the food is decent but not as great as the hype. Worth a try to decide for yourself if you love ramen.
Pork. Ramen. Beer. = Kick Ass Yummy.
Let me just say how underwhelmed I am. I came all the way to NYC from Washington DC JUST to eat at this place, as a birthday gift to myself. I didn't mind the long wait, didn't mind venturing out on the snow to get here, didn't mind the cramped space, I just wanted delicious food in my belly, beautiful and simple as that. I have been dreaming of coming to NY to eat here for the longest time, and finally I was able to pull it of.  I was so excited. I ordered the ginger scallion noodle, which to my disappointment, didn't have any broth, just shitake, cucumber, scallion and noodles. The noodles are nothing special, not flavorful as I would imagine. No broth in this ramen really killed it for me. I am not a huge pork fan so I thought this would be a great alternative...NOT. I also got the shrimp buns, and those were soooo good. They really stole the show. As someone said here, you are doing something wrong if your appetizers are better than the ramen itself, Chang. Momofuku is not bad but it's also not great, and it can't justify building an empire out of its ramen. For desert I got the captn crunch cake and the cookie. The little captn crunch cake was good but nothing to come back for, the cookie was like eating fruit loop in a cookie, not my type of thing. Toki Underground in Washington DC blows this place out of the water. No question about it. After all, I should have stayed home and gone to Toki, would have saved me a lot of money and time...
I've been to Momofuku a handful of times for one thing and one thing only: sticky pork buns. If you must go there to satiate ramen bar needs, order the sticky pork buns (even if they're not listed on the menu). For the entree, I always order the momofuku ramen bowl in hopes that it will be better than the last time I had it. But, as many of the other reviews mentioned, it's SO incredibly salty every time. The pork in the ramen is tender and yummy, but salty. The seaweed propped up to the side is a crunchy addition to the noodles, but salty. The broth is salty. The service is mediocre at best, and salty. Again, I only agree to go to Momofuku because I know I will at least be happy after eating some sticky pork buns. However, there's nothing about this place that makes it stand out above the other ramen bars. Except for the sticky pork buns.
This place really lived up to the hype for me... came very late on a super rainy night after a friend's Birthday party, somewhere around midnight. Had the ginger scallion noodles.. that beyond hit the spot. I can taste them right nowwww.. mm. Even at that time and during that weather, the place was still hopping, but they found all 6 of us a spot at the bar. Just go, there's nothing more to say.
Being the carbohydrate addict that I am, going on a low-carb diet seemed nearly impossible. (And also, rather cruel.) Going to a restaurant that specializes in noodles and not being able to eat my body weight in those soft, doughy ropes of goodness? Torture. Just for fun, I'm going to relieve some of my middle school years and explain my experience in dramatic structure format. Exposition: (Enter, stage right) me, on day 70 something of a low-carb diet. The dilemma: I couldn't order the ramen bowl, since that would greatly exceed my carb limit for the day. The prix fixe menu seemed like the next best choice, with the most variety. Rising action: Octopus salad had great flavor from the charred tomato, and octopus was cooked just right, not chewy - almost steak-like in quality. I begin to notice that the portions are rather small. The bowl couldn't have contained more than one tentacle worth of octopus. The chilled nori noodle was spicy, a plus, but the shrimp wasn't great - all 3 milligrams of it. I was pleasantly surprised that the bowl was a little deeper than I expected, most likely because noodles can be loosened up to take up more space. Climax: The smoked duck breast was cooked to perfection. The natural saltiness of the meat paired well with the slight sweetness of the beet purée. Falling action: The Thai eggplant, while edible, didn't add much to the dish. I guess it was just something to make me feel full. Dénouement: Soft serve sweet pea and strawberry. Luckily, someone else at my table ordered the chocolate truffle. The heavy, chocolate and dough ball truffle was the most filling part of dinner. And since the last part of dramatic structure can also be Catastrophe, here was mine: paying $40 to wait for 2+ hours, for one octopus tentacle, one shrimp, 20 noodles, a duckling's breast, some eggplant, and a teacup of ice cream. David Chang, you fooled me once - I won't be fooled again! (Okay, maybe not. Let's just leave it at "highly unlikely.")
If it was just the pork buns I would've given a 4.5 but the ramen here is not all that great. Pork buns were AMAZING! I had never had anything like that. It looks like a taco with the chaashu pork (I'll post a picture) It's a bit pricy, comes with 2 little bite size buns, but I highly recommend it. Now let's talk about the ramen... it's Momofuku "Noodle" Bar so I figured their ramen would be just as amazing as their pork buns. Nope. I had the Momofuku ramen and my sister had their spicy chicken ramen. I can't even tell you which was better, which is not a good sign. Don't get me wrong, they were good, nothing wrong with them-- just not as delicious and fulfilling as the pork buns or other ramen places I've eaten in Japan or San Francisco. I'm kind of a ramen snob ;)  The noodle broth was bland and not anything special. Basically when you pay $16 for ramen, you expect it to be the best ramen ever, so my expectations were too high. I probably won't come back here until I've tried all the other ramen spots in NYC people are raving about.
Went back this July  for the fried chicken special. I don't think I've ever worked this hard to get a reservation. We had to stalk the website 4 weeks prior to the exact day @ 10am. I made my reservation, exactly at 10:04. Had I been distracted, I would've completely lost it. The only time I got was 11:55 am. Like it's that serious.. Originally made reservations for 8 people (which is exactly what the table could hold) but it was hard to turn down more people. I think us being there so late at night helped clear out other tables, so "our extras" were able to seat near us. Fried chicken looked yummy. There were 2 kinds: American and Korean BBQ (see pic). The American version was a little too salty. I preferred the BBQ which was super crunchy. It came with  a side of veggy which no one really touched. Waiter was very attentive. He was kind enough to chill a bottle of champagne we had bought for the occasion.
I really really didn't like this place. First of all the host was incredibly rude ! The wait was endless. Service was fine, food was good but nothing crazy. never coming back !
This place is great, been here a few time.  Had the fired chicken dinner which was very good.  I prefered buttermilk over Korean but others in my gorup would disagree.  Services seemed rushed, we were in and out w/in an hour. Also have had buns and the momofuku ramen.  Pork buns are insane, a must.  Shrimp buns are good (one time better than the other).   The ramen is great.  The egg is great and really adds flavor. Also, i went on a Saturday at 4:15 and waited 10 minutes.
Best ramen in the city. The Momofuku Ramen with the Bershire pork is trascendental. Also, the pork buns are not to be missed and something they are renoun for. I've been going here for years, since it sat about 4 people, and it's a required stop when I have visiters in town. It's not that expensive. Not sure why it's on the $$$$ tier.
Ramen and pork buns were fantastic.  They stopped selling my favorite beer - the japanese hitachino nest white ale - because it got too expensive for them to carry.  But they still have a good selection.  Always WAY too crowded, so don't bother if you are in anything of a hurry.  Haven't had the fried chicken, so I can't say, but I thought $25 for the ramen and pork buns wasn't too expensive.  I wouldn't go nuts here though - its basically an upscale noodle bar, not a gourmet restaurant.
We had to buy the hype and try a Momofuku restaurant on our trip. Fairly late at night, we make a group decision to try to get into this place. We arrive, the wait is long, we go next door to a bar, take too long drinking one beer and miss our turn. It's okay. I'm giddy with excitement. I'm obsessed with ramen and udon and I won't be deterred. We are finally seated at the bar in a fully packed restaurant. Clearly, we aren't the only ones who decided that they need some late night ramen. I order the octopus appetizer, which is just okay. It's really not better than anything I've had before, but the presentation is nice and the colors/textures are good. For my main, I got the Momofuku ramen: pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg. Sounds great, right? I had heard that David Chang supposedly adds pounds of bacon to his broth and cooks it for days, so it's infused with full porkiness. Well, I've got to agree with many other reviewers here when I say that the broth was so salty and the pork flavor was like a fake BBQ smoke flavoring. It was really hard for me to get through it. The noodles and vegetable and the pork itself was good. The presentation was beautiful, but it just wasn't good. I walked out of there glad I had tried it, but very confident in my local ramen joints, with no wait and better tasting food.
Where do I start?!  Well after hearing about Momofuku's for so long with "I can't believe you haven't been there" exclamations I finally decided to go down and check it out as I love ramen. Ok we all know the wait is a while (we got there at 7pm last night) but I don't mind waits for good places so we waited and chatted and the host was amazing at her job she checked in with us constantly and offered us drinks while waiting which was great.  We got seated and then had a waitress with absolutely no personality.. but whatever I just want good food thats worth it.  We ordered our food, I got the momofuku ramen and we ordered two lots of buns shrimp and brisket (thinking 3 would come with each serve), My boy got the corn and buns as he is not a big noodle person, a friend got the chicken and rice bowl and the other friend got spicy ramen. I asked if my poached egg could be cooked a couple minutes longer as I'm not a fan of raw egg and was blankly told that it comes as it comes and if I didn't want the egg I could remove it and have it come without...... WTF?!  We looked at her incredulously, I said no that I like egg in my ramen a lot I just don't like my poached eggs raw specifically the white.. she said I could remove it.  I felt a bit stupefied that i couldn't request to have the egg poach a couple minutes longer.  Whatever I love egg so ordered it with and hoped for the best. The food finally came and I do not understand the reviews here saying these are great big bowls of ramen and good portions enough to share a bowl of ramen between two?! (seriously??)... the portions are tiny!  My ramen was half a bowl and I knew  I would be finished in no time.  The buns were so small and there were 2 per plate.  The corn is a side but for 12 bucks you would hope its a decent portion,  jesus it is not worth it at all even tho its tasty. This is all fine and I know what you're all thinking well let me clarify I am 5ft7 and weigh 50kgs and a size 2, I normally struggle to finish my food. As much as the food is tasty and I really enjoyed the flavors of my ramen for the prices especially for those portions its not worth it.  You can find just as good ramen for cheaper elsewhere and you won't leave hungry!  In regards to the egg, yeah it was hard to enjoy, its barely cooked so I kinda ate around it and ate bits of it, it was too slimy. We decided to order desserts BIG MISTAKE!  Go there and check it out eat the noodles but skip out on dessert, its horrible, probably the worst flavor soft serve I have ever had (sweet cracker) with some dried strawberry and peanut butter  crumbs.. Not only not worth it but just not good.  The pretzel cake truffles were ok. So overall the food is good, the flavors etc, and Mr momofuku chef is on to something.  The desserts are crap.  The prices are way to expensive for what it all is.  Will this change anything?? No, bc it will be packed every night of the week bc its the cool place to go to which is why they will get away with exorbitant process for small portions of food.  Probably won't go back, for dinner anyway, if I do go back it will be for a bowl of noodles at lunch when in the area.  I won't be craving it or going out of my way to go eat there. Advice they should consider is add ons to your noodles, like corn, bamboo shoots etc etc.  Thats one of my favorite things when going to eat ramen. We spent 100 bucks between two of us and left hungry.  That sucks when that happens.
After watching Mind of a Chef on Netflix (watch it if you haven't...David Chang is so great on the show), I made it a point to come to Momofuku during my NY trip. My girlfriend and I got here about 5:15pm before dinner opened at 5:30pm, and there was already a line going out the door. Once it opened, we were able to get seated right away at the bar. We both got the signature ramen, along with the famous pork belly buns. The pork belly was done fabulously, very tender and full of flavor. The ramen wasn't bad and was full of ingredients, but unfortunately the broth was too salty (seems to be common amongst the other reviewers as well). Hint: Get the grape soju slushie. Just do it.
I'm going to start off by saying that, yes, it IS overrated and overpriced.  That said, their "Momofuku Ramen" is delicious (though not worth the $16), but the quality and taste can be fickle and inconsistent.  And Anthony C. was right, usually you can tell which Asian restaurants are good by seeing the percentage of Asian customers they have, and Momofuku definitely has very few Asian patrons.  (I'm Asian.)  :)   It's OK.  I'd suggest going to Menkuitei, Ramen Setagaya, or even Rai Rai Ken for your ramen cravings.  You can save this restaurant for another special day...but even then you might risk getting a super salty bowl of ramen, like I did 2 weeks ago.   P.S. The pork buns are good, but they really really aren't worth the price.  Go to Chinatown.
Pork Buns-MUST TRY!!! Momofuku Ramen-I've had better.  The noodles were a little too hard, the broth wasn't hot enough, but the egg was perfect! Grilled Corn-had a nice kick to it! Service is very attentive, I loved the atmosphere! Next time in NY, I'm definitely going back here!!!
I love New York and it's late dining options. My brother recommended thus place and their ramen and buns. The shitake buns do not disappoint. In fact, they are AMAZING. The flavors are explosive and the buns are soft but tasty. Think more like tacos and not buns. The ramen was also good, but a tad bit too salty for me. I like the pork shoulder and the noodle texture however. They have a pretty good selection of sake. I can totally see why this place is a big hit and so popular!
Food: Pork Bun- 5 stars! This thing was the highlight of my experience at Momofuku. You MUST order the pork bun... it is so good! Ramen- 3.5 stars. I got the Momofuku ramen because I just wanted to get a taste of their ramen, and it was good, but I wasn't extremely impressed. Though their noodles were decent, their broth was on the salty side, and kind of ruined it for me. All-in-all, it is still decent ramen, but just not the best. Service: 3 stars. The waiters are nice, but i had some trouble flagging them down for things like getting the check. It may be busy, but their attitude and attentiveness could have used some improvement. Ambiance: 4 stars. Even though it's loud, crowded, and you have to share tables, I enjoyed the atmosphere here. It gave off a very active and casual vibe, which I liked! In summary, it's a good place with some small flaws, but what matters is that I'll be coming back. Oh, and get the pork bun!
I didn't really like it. The place was really clean. We ordered the chicken platter and it was good but not really worth the price and the hype. The noodles were fine but the broth didn't have too much flavor to it.
I am a big David Chang fan, but I have to say, this one fell short of the hype.  I first want to say that the pork buns were the real thing, they are tender and tasty, perfectly cooked.  The Ramen, however was not very good.  Ippudo is what Noodle bar's Ramen wishes it was.  The Pork was ok, nothing like the bun, the Noodles were not cooked enough and the broth was not as flavorful as I thought it should be.  I have to say I was somewhat disappointed. It was not very good value, I am not talking abut how much they charged.  it was a bit pricey, but I knew that going in.  I just expected a more memorable meal.   The place was crowded and had good energy.  I probably would not go again for the Ramen, unless out of town guest had to check it off their list of thing to do.
The Ramen was pretty  interesting, but didn't really like their dessert.  I thought the dessert was a bit weird.
there is pork belly in the ramen!  i repeat: pork belly in the ramen!!! asdfklasnd;flkjadf;j
I love ramen noodles. I was a bit hesitant to try a ramen restaurant since it would be way cheaper to make one at home, but I went along with it because my friend wanted some. This place was packed and busy. The wait time was 30 minutes and we actually waited while we looked at the menu. Pretty much knew what we wanted while we waited. We got lucky with the seating because we sat right in front of the kitchen. Got a great view of the kitchen staff in action. We ordered: Pork Buns- pork, scallions, and hoisin sauce. Very delicious. Huge slices of pork and not fatty at all. Shiitake Buns- Shiitake, scallions, and hoisin, cucumber. I love mushrooms, but shiitake was very bland. No flavor even with the hoisin sauce. I was quite disappointed. Momofuku Ramen- pork belly, pork shoulder, and poached egg. Very mediocre bowl of ramen. Broth was nice. Ramen was cooked nicely. The pork was decent. Good portion size though. $16 for a bowl of ramen is pretty hefty in my opinion and the bowl of ramen is nothing to rave about. Sitting near the kitchen is really cool and the service is spot on. Be prepare to wait a while for a seat if you really want ramen.
Pork buns were pretty amazing but thats how they were at Saam bar too, though I think Saam bars' buns were a bit better. Ramen itself was decent, not as good as Totto or Ippudo but still pretty solid. Broth was flavorful but not flavorful enough and the chicken stock taste was not washed out enough. The noodles themselves were average but the quantity of toppings in the ramen were abundant. For a wait as long as Ippudo/Totto, I would probably only go back to have Ippudo.
I won't be back. The end. (as much as I REALLY just want to write that and let that be that, I'd rather tell you why  im really not into them. Picture it. 2:45pm on a rainy tuesday, available seats galore and they wanted to seat us at one of the tables with people. why should i sit next to wet people, as a wet person, when there are 31 other options? it goes on, but we were rushed, we were rushed and then we were shooed. The wine was served in a shooter glass, i cant. the pressure i felt to finish eating was too much. i caught my server standing behind me to sneak a peak at my bowl to see if i still had food in it. i cant. the pork was delsh but they're not the only noodle in town).
Unfortunately, I expected much more from this place because I read Momofuku was one of the to-go places in NYC and because it has pretty good reviews on yelp.... -_____-" so I was excitedddddd to finally try this place on my last night in NYC, huge disappointment. I ordered the miso ramen - smoked chicken, swiss chard, soy egg...the ramen was okay but the soup was disgustingly salty. Of the 4 ramen we ordered, only ONE of it tasted good.....but hers didn't come out til 10 min after ours came....horrible. I guess to be fair, if my ramen wasn't salty, it would have been a decent bowl of ramen.... At least I can cross this off of my to-try places :P
3.5 stars. Came here for the fried chicken dinner - after making reservations a month in advance, we finally came here for the much hyped about $100 fried chicken.  Certainly, an experience, but overall, a disappointment. The fried chicken comes in two styles - Southern fried and Korean fried.  The Southern fried chicken was not very good - the shell of the chicken was probably a bit overcooked, as it tasted dry and a bit burnt.  The inside, surprisingly, for some of the pieces was a bit undercooked.  Disappointing.  The Korean style chicken was much better, but still not that great.  Bonchon and Kyochon beat this chicken any day.  The best part of the experience was the wrappers and seasoning you could wrap your fried chicken in.  However, in terms of the fried chicken by itself, it is certainly not something worth waiting or paying for. The ramen here is decent, but not as good as Ippudo.  Lighter broth and the pork belly is the same they use in the pork buns.  The noodles are fine.  At around $16, I'd rather drop the same amount at Ippudo. The pork buns here, as is with the case with the other Momofuku's, are the bomb.  At 2 pork buns for $9, pricey, but worth it.  So good.  Stupid good.  Going to get more pork buns at Milk tomorrow...
Went with some friends for the chicken dinner (advance reservations apparently needed for this).  The fried chicken is done two ways....I think 'southern style' and korean style.  I only had the southern style and the chicken was moist and the batter nice and thick and crispy.  (...though there was at least one piece where the chicken was still pink and shiny inside....not fully cooked!) The chicken is served with soft tortillas and a bowl of veggies....bibb lettuce, radishes, carrot and fresh herbs.   The idea is that you cut up your chicken and then make your own wrap. Before the chicken dinner we got some buns....the pork (I think it was actually pork belly) was phenomenal (and normally I don't like pork belly...it often seems like just a block of hard fat.)  But at Momofuku the pork buns just melted in your mouth.  The octopus salad was also excellent....
This place is the "trying too hard" version of a good noodle bar. If you are looking for authentic tasting food or great food, look elsewhere. I didn't order the ramen which everyone says is great, but apparently nothing else on the menu is good! The octopus appetizer is straight up bad. It's hard and chewy and doesn't taste fresh. I would definitely pass on that. The shitake buns were fluffy, but definitely nothing to write home about. For the main course I ordered the vegetarian ginger noodles. They were literally swimming in oil. There had to be at least a third of a cup of oil in my plate alone. Not my favorite and definitely passing on this place next time.
Ok, I was excited to try this place. but after trying it once, it was not worth it. I read the reviews before I went and thought to try a differen dish other than the momofuku ramen. since it was a hot hot day, I thought why don't i try the last ramen/noodle dish on the menu because it said "cold spicy sichuan noodles".... No one seems to have mentioned it in this board. Now i know why, it is a terrible terrible dish. So the pork buns came and was wow-ed. But then when the noodles came and i tasted it... it tasted like nothing. the server told me when i ordered it was flavoured with sichuan hot pepper oil so be sure, and no kidding, that's it. no salt, no soy sauce, or vinegar or any kind of other taste that isn't burning hot. I like spicy food to a certain degree and i eat regularly at sichuan restaurants to know what she meant by that. Mentally prepared for the hotness. When the dish came, there were sweet carmelized nuts and cashews and meat with fresh veggies that will 'create" the flavour for the dish... but, i did not think for a raving restaurant, the noodles would just be boiled, soaked in hot pepper oil and served to the customer like that. It had good al dente-chewiness to it... but the lack of flavour made it such a completely disappointing experience. You can just eat beer-nuts and that taste good, eat the meat separately, tastes ok... noodles, why were they there? Don't order this dish, and it's not because it's too hot, it's because there is NO taste, I don't know what kind of dish this is meant to be. some ppl can definitely handle the hot but after half the bowl, i couldn't find anything in my mouth to taste. I'm just chewing these noodles and slurping hot chilli oil. nothing to savour on in the meal. For the hyped up reviews, disappointing noodles, this is the worst way to eat a HQ ramen noodles dish ever in my life. having gone to new york from canada, i am just sad the noodles came out the opposite of my expectations. Not all dishes @ momofuku are created equal and this one is a forget-about-it. after I thought about ordering another safer dish the momofuku ramen or ginger scallion... but decided why bother. The table next to us really liked their noodles so im sure having flavour made all the difference. Overall: I would give it a two if the place was a random walk in but since it carried the weight of being such well received restaurant, it got downgraded. One star for the great texture of the noodle itself and tasty pork buns. Also, you can hear your neighbour's conversations as you are eating. Don't know if it wouldn't bother some people, but i couldn't really focus on my thoughts, i'm too busy hearing about my neighbor's evening pub plans and plans with his date.
The broth was nice and clear, Ippudo i think is better, but the one thing you must try and in which i believe is amazing is the pork belly bun. Overall, ramen is always great on a cold night!! Enjoy!
Everything was delicious, and overpriced. But I will overlook the prices and just savor the delicious delicious pork buns!
-Friday afternoon, (7/18/14), lunch time. There were already a few people waiting outside for the restaurant to open when we got there, some of them snapping pictures of the front entrance. As I waited, I couldn't help notice the large sanitary inspection B grade warning sign in the window from the NYC Health Department.  Not a good harbinger of things to come. We were seated at the bar and ordered appetizers of shrimp buns ($12 for two), Shiitake mushroom buns ($10 for two) and pork buns ($10 for two).  The buns are brought out as they are finished so you got to eat them without the rest getting cold. The pork buns were the best of the lot with thick cut fatty and tender pork meat. On the opposite end of the spectrum, the shrimp buns contained a dry processed square of probable shrimp meat. They slather this with a spicy mayo sauce and add some lettuce and onions in order to make it more palatable but, in the end, it just tasted like bad fast food (can anyone say "McShrimp bun"). For the meal, we ordered a couple of bowels of the spicy miso ramen ($15.00 each).  The bowel consists of slightly overcooked ramen noodles with various additions including nori, fresh greens, scallions and smoky pieces of chicken meat.  Instead of the usual boiled egg, there is a lightly poached egg that you are supposed to break open and have the liquid yolk ooze over the noodles.  I will give him a point for creativity but the taste of the dish is another matter.  The broth was not spicy at all but instead overly salty with a somewhat annoying smoky flavor.  It was also clear that the added chicken meat was not cooked with the broth but thrown in separately, just as a college student would do if he/she was making instant ramen noodles in their dorm room and wanted to spice things up. In fact, that image pretty much sums up the taste and the amateurish quality of the entire dish. The service was great and the place has a drink menu with a good assortment of beers.  All in all, aside from the pork buns, the taste of the food was mediocre at best and not worth the price. I'm not sure where David Chang is getting his reputation from, but it certainly can't be from his ramen.  As many other people reviewing this restaurant have mentioned, there are many places in New York that do serve delicious ramen. Even here in Vegas, you can find mouth watering ramen off the strip in chinatown.  I'm sure if David wanted to learn how to make good tasting ramen, he could, but with lines of people already outside the door due to his reputation (or smart marketing), I suppose there is no motivation to try.  If I were to go back, and that is unlikely, I would have a couple of pork buns and a beer and then go elsewhere to eat.
This is like Mecca for me. Whenever I make it to New York, this is my first stop, just to make sure I don't miss it. Obviously, the noodles are amazing, but even if you're not a diehard noodlehead (as I am) everything else is tasty as hell, too. Pork buns, shrimp buns, the kim chee, the fried chicken...and the house sake is quite good, too. Open late, which is nice...if you get there around 10pm on a weeknight, there's usually no wait. Can get crazy on weekends or prime dining hours.
I seriously cannot believe that this place is a hit. Momofuku deserves as much fame as the cast of jersey shore. The staff (hostess, waitress, chef and even manager) were extremely rude. I probably don't look like someone who can afford to eat in the same restaurant asNeil Patrick Harris (seeing him was the ONLY good part of the experience) but I can. I shouldn't be treated like a street urchin because my boyfriend at the time had a skateboard and I wasn't wearing 6 inch heels. Don't waste your time. Don't waste your money. The food is shit. I didn't even bother tipping. Momofuku can momo-fuck off.
The soft boiled egg in the classic ramen is too good to be true! We also ordered pork buns, which I thought were amazing. The pork literally melts in your mouth. Seating is not meant to be comfortable...
Deserves a three star. Overrated-- it has been said before. First, the wait is ridiculous. The hostess is pretty cute but she was also kinda bitchy on my second visit. Yes, I made two visits to this place in a week. Came here first for the fried chicken dinner. I made reservations for this place which meant I woke up extra early, had the CC in hand, and clicked like mad when the clock hit 9:00 CST. Snagged a reservation at 10:00 PM. C'mon, man. For this chicken? Like my friend Winston G. noted, the chicken was way overcooked and some pieces were still bloody on the inside. The Korean fried chicken was weak: just tasted salty. Had two pork belly buns for $10: to die for. Had a bite of ramen: delicious. Two days later, girlfriend gets into town, I'm new here, by myself, have no idea how to get to Ippudo so I say we just go to Momofuku. 40 minutes at 10:00 PM for two people. C'mon, man. We get sat next to a lesbien who is literally yelling the entire time. She talks about multiple lovers and how one cried all the time. It sucked. We get two HUGE bowls of $16 ramen and you know when you have a little bite of something and it is amazing but you get an entire bowl and it isn't as good? Same case here. Ramen gets too salty 1/4 of the way in. We both ate a little less than half of our bowls, lamented the fact that we didn't just share a single bowl, got the rest in a container to go, and threw the container out the next day. The food is good here but easily skippable. A-OK.
Loved it! Had the Ramen noodle bowl and it was divine. Awesome pork buns as well. It was super busy but we got there just in time to take up the last 4 spots. Minutes after that there was a wait that lasted all afternoon long. Delicious food, friendly staff and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in NY.
Wow, David Chang is the man. Just went to the Noodle Bar for the second time--for the Fried Chicken dinner. Amazing. I'm not generally a huge fan of fried chicken, so I went into this dinner fairly unenthused. Ordered Pork Buns to start (I couldn't be in the restaurant and not order them. They're incredible, wonderful flavor and texture to the bun, a full slab of pork belly, and light drizzle of hoisin. Yum. The fried chicken came out in a pretty shameful mound (there were only 4 of us eating, and it was WAY too much food). The pancakes & veggies on the side were good, the ginger scallion sauce wonderful. We ordered a side of kim chi--which went really well with the heavy chicken. The southern style moist, juices ran down your hands as you ate it. The seasoning had flavors that reminded me of Old Bay (and as an Eastern Shore native, I loved it). The Korean style made me a fried chicken believer, good lord. The skin was so crispy, but not at all bready-y. Finished it off with pretzel ice cream. Like nothing I've ever had. Sweet, salty, light. Just perfect.
Nice place.  Good knowledgeable service, good food: sea bass sashimi, uni, fresh fish and muscles.  I wish the raw bar had a larger selection though.  Thumbs up.
We asians do not enter an Asian restaurant that is dominated by non-asians.  Everyone of my Asian friends which is a majority, lol, warned me of the food here. I rarely say negative things about a restaurant. I went here multiple times to try everything! The atmosphere deserves praise, the service is good, the pork buns are okay not too WOW as everyone says. But this is a noodle bar... And the noodles made by non-asians... Hint hint... Taste like someone without tastebuds made and created them.  Some items taste like if i ate good ramen and vomited it out.  The food is major salty or really bland.  But the atmosphere deserves 1 star, service 1star, and food 1star for effort.
Pork bun is amazing!! The momofuku ramen is a must try! Best meal in nyc! Only had 24hrs in nyc and ate here TWICE!
Came here on a Wednesday night - seated right away without a reservation (although it got crowded quick, i would suggest making one) Great ambiance, gets noisy pretty quickly, but it attracts a great crowd and casts a wide net. We ordered the Kimchi, Shrimp Buns and Momofuku Ramen. Kimchi, out of this world as always. Their Kimchi is served cold. Shrimp Buns, so delicious. Its almost like a Shrimp Patty, with a chipotle mayo of sorts and some veggies. Yummy. The order comes with two buns. Momofuku Ramen, perfect comfort food. Noodles, Egg, Seaweed, Scallions, Pork Shoulder and Pork Belly. So delicious. You wish it was a never ending bowl (and we had this in the middle of July) Try the slushie drink! It's sweet but super yummy. I'll certainly be coming back and trying the other Momofuku restaurants!
I love the reputation that David Chang has built around his Momofuku dynasty and I came in as a fan and left slightly disappointed. Overall the food was good and left me satisfied. I had the spicy miso ramen and David Chang's famous mythical pork buns. The only spicy thing about my ramen was the sriracha I had to squirt in it and the buns were alright (equatable to the peking duck buns you can get for $2.50 on the corner of main st. Flushing). Overall the quality and taste of the food was good but didn't blow my mind like a lot of the other reviewers. I also had a small problem with one of the wait staff who brought us an extra order of pork buns and when we told her about it she gave us an attitude and just stormed off. We had to gun down another worker to finally take care of it for us. Although they gave it to us on the house, it really wasn't something that warranted an attitude. Overall it's really just a nice place to get a good bowl of ramen and some sides. There are many other places in the city that offer similar quality at similar if not cheaper prices. Personally it wasn't as great as it's all hyped up to be, hopefully Ko will live up to it's fame.
Momofuku doesn't mean Lucky Peach.  It's a tribute to Momofuku Ando, the inventor of instant ramen.  Like all the Momofuku places, Noodle Bar (the first Momofuku place, btw) is a little overrated and a little overpriced, but it's still very good. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen and a soft-serve twist for dessert.  No beverage.  This came to around $24 before tip, for a modest meal.  So you can spend a lot of money here depending on what you order.  The going price for a bowl of noodles is around $10-$12.  Here you'll pay $15-$16.  The famous pork buns (which I've had at Ssam Bar, but didn't get here) are $10 for 2.  Baohaus, which is right around the corner, serves basically the same thing for $3-$4 each.  And so on... I don't consider myself a ramen expert, but the Momofuku Ramen was different from any that I've ever had.  It was (mostly) excellent, but I can't imagine it's authentic.  But that's no big deal.  What you get is a large bowl of noodles, topped with nori, a poached egg, pork belly, fish cake, and some other pieces of pork mixed in.  The broth is intensely pork-flavored.  It's almost like drinking bacon.  I enjoyed all the accompaniments in the bowl with the exception of the nori, which to me seemed out of place.  The noodles themselves were not particularly great.  They really were a lot like instant ramen noodles, although a bit more chewy.  Some of them were clumped together.  But all in all, still a very good bowl of soup. The dessert was a ritz cracker & peanut butter soft-serve twist with concord grape jam, sprinkled with salt.  It was excellent. Service was a little leisurely, but acceptable.  The room is actually quite big - I counted seating for around 50-60 people.  I went late on a Monday night and it was pretty crowded, so plan your weekend trip here carefully. My rating:  pricey, but recommended.
Pretty good stuff. Last summer, I went to Tokyo and before that, thought nothing of ramen and everything of sushi. Well in Tokyo, if you're on a limited budget, sushi isn't exactly for you and I found myself looking at ramen with much greater interest. I loved it, and have been on a hunt for good Ramen since! So let's be clear: This place is no Daikokuya in Little Tokyo in Los Angeles. But it is very good! The winner of the day was the pork buns, hands down. Good stuff all around, from texture to flavor. The traditional ramen bowl was big, generous on the pork, and had flavorful broth and pretty good noodles! All in all, I'd come back, I'd just get there early, like right when they open, because it fills up quick!
Best Ramen house that I have ever visited. I've passed momofoku many times on the way to St. Marks for funzies; I finally could stand it no more and scheduled dinner here. I was enormously pleased with the pork buns, which were served in a delicate white mini-mufaletta (for lack of better description) and consisted of soft strips of perfectly prepared pork sandwiching cucumbers, scallions, and a light oil. I doused mine with siracha to give it the proper spice and wanted to dance around my seat with joy. They are crack rock level addicting. The ramen here (I had the Ginger scallion preparation) was money. Firm noodles, pickled shitake mushrooms, and scallions headlined a great portion bowl rimmed with a strip of nori. I almost licked the empty bowl, it was so wonderful. The Asian delicacy smoothee are remarkable; tart and boozy;  the absolutely perfect combo. My only regrets are that I waited so long to try this spot, and that the cookbook detailing how to make all the wonderful dishes retails at 40$. What a tease! Maybe someone will buy it for me for Christ-nakkuh this year, if I'm good. It details a great story from the inventive and driven creators of the franchise and how to make the dishes in simple terms. Truly a treat.
Not a fan at all.  I've been here twice. Because of all the good reviews I thought my first bad experience was just a fluke, so I gave it another shot.  Waited 45 mins... which I shouldn't have.  No ramen is worth a 45min wait, even if it's Ippudo. What I ordered: pork/shiitake bun - hoisin, scallion, cucumber ~Any place can make a good pork bun momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg miso ramen - smoked chicken, swiss chard, soy egg chilled spicy noodles - sichuan spiced sausage, spinach, cashews ~ ramen lacked enough broth. ~ spicy noodles were so spicy and ma la that I couldn't taste anything else... Next.......
A friend and I went to Momofuku Noodle bar on a hot & humid Saturday night.  There was almost no wait.  We were seated at the bar almost immediately.  We both had pork buns -- some of the best pork buns in the city, though I do wish there was a bit of a pickle or something to break up the rich taste of the pork belly.  I recommend adding some sriracha to the pork bun.  It's spicy, but not super hot and adds some complexity.  The big disappointment was the ramen.  Or rather the ramen broth.  It's just so salty.  The ramen was served with seaweed, fish cake, pork belly, scallions, and a soft boiled egg.  I'm not a fan of fish cakes, but they were easy enough to remove from the bowl.  Personally, I prefer Ippudo's pork buns and ramen. One last thought: it was boiling hot in the restaurant and we were sitting at almost the furthest point from the kitchen.  When I went to the bathroom, past the kitchen, I really felt for the people sitting in that area as it was sweltering and even more unpleasant.  I know it was a warm night, but it was hard to get excited about a steaming bowl of ramen in that heat.
5 stars for the Pork Buns (best of the ramen/noodle houses in my opinion). 1 star for the noodle/ramen which was disappointing. The broth was not at all rich and just very salty.
Came to visit New York from LA a while back, and a buddy told me to check this spot out.  Honestly, other then the Pork bun, the ramen was mediocre and thought it was over priced.  I can do without this one...next time I visit NY...
no bowl of noodles is worth $15, especially not a bowl of average  home-cooked tasting ramen. did i mention mediocre? if it weren't for my undying love for perfectly poached eggs, my momofuku ramen would have had nothing unique to offer. it was a good meal. but it was hands down, absolutely, positively, definitely not worth fifteen american dollars. i know the dollar is losing its value. but seriously. it was like buying a tiny can of coke for $5 from one of those minibar refrigerators at a fancy hotel when there is a vending machine a block way selling bigger cans of the same stuff for just  a dollar. pricey doesn't always mean better.
It's always over crowded and over priced but....it's worth the wait. Grab a drink and just wait it out! The pork buns and shrimp buns are unreal- highly recommend them! The dishes change so frequently so it's always nice to come once and awhile. The ramen is delicious- you'd be crazy not to try it while there! I highly recommend the spicy miso ramen- but i doubt you can go wrong with any of the ramen on the menu.
I came here solo on a weekday night so thankfully there was no wait. I sat at the bar right when you walk in though I would recommend sitting at the bar that is more towards the back of the restaurant; that way you can actually watch the chefs at work. I glanced over there and the chefs really do take extra care and look like artists creating their masterpieces. The pork buns alone earn the 4 stars. They lived up to the hype and I had no problem wolfing the two of them down on my own. The Momofuku ramen was not as impressive. It made me very thirsty and got kind of boring after a while, something I would never say about the ramen at Ippudo. The service was perfectly attentive and pleasant, although the atmosphere was not as fun and lively as at Ippudo. All in all, I would choose Ippudo over Momofuku.
Came here for their late night menu. pork buns - hoisin, scallions, cucumber: HOLY CRAP, THE BEST PORK BUNS EVER!!! They make their buns from scratch, and you can tell: they're perfectly soft and spongy. The pork belly is melt-in-your-mouth tender and there is just enough hoisin on there to make this a flavor bomb in your mouth. I would definitely come back to just order 2 of these. Honestly, I didn't think pork buns could be so good, but these were amazing. momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg: meh, especially after you've had Ippudo Ramen. It's good, but not amazing, and definitely NOT WORTH $16! Service was friendly. I'd come back just for the incredible pork buns.
So my friend is visiting from Japan. The last place I want to take him to dinner is Asian Fusion, but I am jonesing for some pork ramen and my lady wants the kim chee special. My friend just so happens to have read about how good Momofuku is and is game. We both ordered the pork ramen. It was wonderful as usual and he loved it. Lot of thick meaty chunks of pork in rich broth surrounded by perfectly cooked noodles.  Made me feel a lot better for bringing him here rather than Max for Italian or Le Souk for Moroccan.
Had the ramen, pig tails, and rice cakes.  Meal at a ramen spot should not cost this much.  Ever. Good ramen though.
Momofuku on a Saturday evening: we put our names on the list, they told us 45 minute wait for a table of 4. It was 90+ minutes before we were seated! I know this is a popular spot, but the wait was just ridiculous. Umm, this is the Noodle Bar, but there are only 4 noodle bowls on the menu. Our table got the Momofuku Ramen, Chilled Spicy Noodles, Miso Ramen. My husband ended up just getting tamales instead of noodles. All the noodle bowls looked pretty good, but I noticed the bowls were not as full as what you would normally get at other ramen places. Apparently the spicy noodles were really SPICY. Like can't taste anything else spicy. My Miso Ramen ($15) had a really incredible smoky flavor that permeated the broth. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. The smoked chicken was tender and packed with smoky goodness. Noodles were what you would expect. After a while the smoky flavor of the broth got a bit overwhelming and salty. The Miso Ramen left me pleasantly full. The wait was awful. The food was good, but not $15 good. It was a good experience overall, but didn't win me over like other places have. I'm open to coming back and getting the Momofuku Ramen to see what all the fuss is about. If you want an solid bowl of ramen at a decent price, don't come to Momofuku. If you're looking for a trendy ramen experience, Momofuku is decent with a group of friends who have the patience to wait.
I was incredibly disappointed when I first tried the Spicy Miso and Momofuku ramens at Noodle Bar.  After my first bites, I spent a few minutes of poking at the noodles and mixing everything around in hopes of improving the very funky, miso-y broth.  Then, like Jesus baked into a piece of toast, I spotted it: the wee unlabeled bottle of Sriracha. Everything came together perfectly after adding a good tablespoon or so of the chili sauce to each of the giant bowls of ramen.  The miso was no longer overwhelming and the meat and noodles were no longer underwhelming.  If you find everything at Momofuku Noodle bar to be a little single-noted, reach for the Sriracha.  You won't regret it! Update after dinner tonight: Today's daily special pork ramen had super mega awesome shrimp broth!  It more than made up for the 1"x3" bit of its namesake pork belly.
Unbelievable! So Good! THE HYPE IS TRUE! I wasn't sure if it would live up to my expectations but it certainly did. We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but the food was perfection. We ordered all 3 buns: merguez (my fave), shrimp, and brisket. O M G the ramen was incredible (veggie style) and the brussels sprouts with kim chee and bacon? Child, please! I will be back every time I come to NYC
Disappointing experience overall.  The noodles and pork buns were good, but not worth the price.  The place was very busy when we went.  I felt rushed by the waiter to pay the bill and make room for others.
Overrated? I really don't know where this place gets all its hype, but this devoted Terakawa ramen fan found that Momofuku could not compare. Sure, they have the sleek, minimalist wood-top counters, with the modernist lighting and interior (which seems to instantly draw cool points nowadays), but for the quality of the ramen, this place is entirely trite and overpriced. On top of that, we waited an hour to get seated. Unbelievable!  Don't get me wrong, the pork steamed buns were melt-in-your-mouth, (are they ever not?) the lychee soju smoothie was delicious (tiny), but the ramen was just A-OK. The broth was too salty, the noodles were too firm and overall, it didn't hit the spot for me. What looked amazing though was the fried chicken dinner ordered by the party across from us. Apparently you need reservations for that, but it was absolutely enticing - like a bonchon chicken feast, but better - with vegetables and dipping sauces. I would recommend checking the place out just because everyone else has done so, but avoid the ramen if you can resist and go with the peripheral menu items. And go on a weekday or suffer the wait!
This review is for the pork buns only-- Pork buns: absolutely amazing! Each order comes with 2 buns. Each bun is filled with 2 tender pieces of pork belly, cucumber, scallions, and hoisin. So good I devoured it within minutes. It is a bit pricey, IMO, but so good it made up for it. ($10 bucks for 2 small buns)
I don't normally yelp negative reviews because thats just shady but this seriously needs a review. DON'T  eat here, seriously the weakest ramen I've ever had.  What a hype, don't fall into it.  Maybe, ramen just isn't an east coast thing, because ramen dojo in San Mateo, CA, or even the numerous places in San Francisco are sooo good! I had the momofuku ramen, and I was so disappointed. The broth was way too salty and there was just something off about it, the pork belly was gross, the braised pork was too salty(& I love salty), &the seaweed tasted like paper.  Sad that we wasted a meal here in New York (&it was too expensive), but next time I come out here, no more noodles!
The good: perfect, hot, crispy fried chicken- plain and with a spicy glaze. Served with a bowl of greens and herbs, and a quartet of sauces to make your own wraps. Plays well with an apple cider boozy slushy. The amazing- peanut butter and ritz cracker soft serve with grape jelly and sea salt. I don't know what they were smoking when they came up with this, but give them more! The meh- full of douchey hipsters all willing to sit on backless chairs crammed into a small space with nowhere for your coat. Do I sound old?
One of my first experiences upon moving to New York was hearing about this Momofuku place and then attempting to eat there, but then finding out that the wait was 45 minutes long.   "45 minute wait to eat ramen?!" "Welcome to New York." I don't think the wait is that long anymore, since they moved to their new, larger location a couple doors down, but I'll say that the new location certainly doesn't have the same intimate, hothouse atmosphere anymore, in which customers and waitstaff mingled together in a cramped space, sweating in communion over a bowl of steaming noodles.  I don't think this newer space retains the comraderie of the old.  Then again, I was at the newer space in the late afternoon, instead of usual mealtimes. As for the ramen, well it's still the same.  Which is a good thing.  Momofuku's ramen has always been the densest - a thicket of noodles marinating in a hearty broth that's more shredded pork and vegetables than actual broth.  It's probably the most substantial bowl of ramen I've had in the city.  And it better be for $13.   So, three stars - good ramen but pricey.  Also, I'm kind of disappointed that this place isn't open later.  Ramen places by definition should be late night joints.
My first visit to one of the Momofuku restaurants.  At almost the end of the Saturday midday hours, the place was packed.  On the right are large communal tables, on the left are two separate bar seatings, the inner one facing the open kitchen.  The space is bright, furnished in pale woods.  The atmosphere is casual, while the staff and kitchen work at a swift pace.  Wait staff are efficient but still friendly. The small one-page menu has 3 options each in a few categories (besides the 3-course prix fixe): seasonal, sides, noodles, etc.  Dining solo at the bar, I started with the seasonal summer foie gras terrine.  Two blocks of terrine sit atop a pretty presentation of peach chunks, lightly pickled blueberries, chopped cashews, buttery crumbles, and a fruit sauce.  The terrine, while smooth, was mild and not very interesting but  paired very well with the accompanying items (which separately would have gone nicely with yogurt as breakfast) and its flavor nicely accented by sea salt.   I finished with the Momofuku ramen with pork belly, pork shoulder, and pouched egg.  Smaller portion than I expected, in a giant bowl.  The soup was ok but not exceptional nor very flavorful; the tiny bit of pork belly was great fatty goodness but so very little; pork shoulder was overcooked, flavor was ok; egg was wonderfully poached; noodles were smooth and perfectly chewy.  Overall, a decent bowl of ramen but fairly underwhelming b/c I had higher expectations and you can get similar quality for a lower price.  At this price point, Ippudo instead has impressed me many times over. I will probably still try to eat my way through the other Momofuku restaurants, or try the fried chicken dinner here.  But no more ramen.
I had pork buns and the momofuku ramen at Momofuku. The pork buns were very tasty, the fat to meat ratio was actually very good and I was kind of impressed. They were very, very flavorful and juicy. The flavor was perfect also and had this balance of American and Asian, great stuff! And the buns and sauce was great. The ramen was very mediocre-the cuts of pork were DELICIOUS. But the noodles didn't retain too much flavor and tasted precooked... Definitely not fresh. It was alright. I recommend Ippudo more. The waitresses were SO standoffish; they treated us as if were weren't worth their time perhaps because we look young. Eventually, when we kept ordering food, they realized we were going to be spending a good amount of money or something and treated us a little better... But considering us two spent 80 dollars, we didn't deserve to be treated that way at all. So overall, I wouldn't recommend for its price.
Maybe I am blinded by the light, a super fan, a tourist... whatever. I've wanted to eat here for a long time and when I finally got the chance it did not disappoint. I ordered exactly what you'd expect as tourist / fan  (Tiger beer, heirloom salad, pork buns, Momofuku noodle bowl, Milk bar soft serve)     I was lucky enough to be seated at the noodle bar which was exactly what I'd hoped for. Watching how hard that team hustles is half of the show.
We were so stoked to finally check out the circle of the vaunted Momofuku establishments in the NYC area...meh...have to be honest and say that they were not quite up to our expectations.  Having had the fortune to seek out and try a number of various noodle houses from the USA to Asia, we can at least say, that we've had a fair share.  Everyone has their subjective standards, I certainly have mine.  Let's put things into perspective thru a few comparisons.  Living in San Francisco, there is no shortage of noodles; from ramen, to udon, hand cut Chinese noodles, and more.  From fresh store bought, to frozen, and dry.   The focus here is obviously the ramen type noodles.  Narrowing the parameters which are relevant to ramen; having tried ramen numerous times, from 3 of the top places in Japan (just scratched the surface over there), notable ramen joints in the US, and the fresh to frozen packaged ramen noodles available at better stocked Asian grocery stores, Momofuku's "fresh made" noodles probably rank somewhere in the middle.  The noodles were very similar in flavor to store bought "fresh" or frozen.  Now this is subjective, and perhaps to my own personal palette, but the Momofuku noodles over did it on the "kansui", which is essentially a type of alkaline mineral water, containing sodium carbonate and usually potassium carbonate.  What it tastes like is too much baking soda.  It over powers the flavor of the noodles.  The store bought fresh styles also have this similar over powering baking soda taste.  Having tried some of the best ramen in Japan, this is not, at least in my experience, the norm, nor my personal preference in flavor. Next in importance to the noodles is the ramen broth.  Unlike the Momofuku noodles which are decent, the soup-broth is above average.  It is rich, not über-salty like many US based ramen recipes, and full flavored.  Sadly, their ramen bowl was served warm as if it has been sitting on the counter and the server forgot to bring it to our table.  Ramen bowls should be served hot.  Momofuku's failed to do so.  Too hot is better than just warm, the ice cold Sapporo or Kirin providing the cooling support in any ramen-fest, of course. The highlight of the Momofuku ramen bowl is their pork...wow, now that is how ramen pork can be done right and to a higher standard.  We also ordered their pork buns, which were equally impressive in the oink department.  There is no US ramen I've tried which had better pork.  Granted most ramen bowl feature the chasu style, thinly sliced pork, but like Jangara in Tokyo (*Kyushu style ramen), Momofuku features the robust, chunk-stew pork, AND an extra serving of shredded (pulled) pork thrown in for good measure.  Easy 4+ stars on their pork. The rest of the elements in their ramen bowl were all ok.  The poached, soft center egg was not a good companion in warm broth.  Hot broth, OK, but in just barely warm broth, was actually a bit on the gag side of things. We also tried their "pickle" assortment which comes in their own sealed glass jar.  This was very good. Great ramen is a careful balance of: * Noodles * Soup-broth * Pork (or other meat if not traditional recipe) * Supporting ingredients Momofuku should have nailed ALL 4.  They did well on 2 out of the 4, but lost more points on serving it just slightly above warm.  The $16 price tag for the ramen dish was a bit high for what it was that night.  Should everything in the bowl been up to snuff, the price tag could arguably been justified, but not that night.  A bit of a rip really. They warrant another try.  The ingredients are all there and of a high caliber.  Whoever put them together that night we went, was not on point.  I've heard good thing about their fried chicken.  Being a fan of fried chicken, Momofuku reportedly serves up some mighty fine bird and I will try it next time in NYC. Of the 2 ramen noodle joints I tried over the 2010 holiday week in the NYC area, Menchanko-Tei on 45th St. easily beat out Momofuku in the noodle department. Common Momofuku, get your ramen noodle game on.  You led the charge in new indie Asian-fusion food of this century in NYC.  You should and can do better.  We're rooting for you, but pls don't disappoint again.
Ordered the momofuku ramen. Tasted great, moderately filling. The bowls are large, so it does not look like you're getting much. But about halfway through you may realize that it's quite sufficient. The pork is tender, juicy, perhaps the best i've had so far. The egg, though, was probably the amazing part of the meal. It was poached perfectly! The cooks take good care to make sure the meal is prepared correctly; so the wait time is considerable at about 10-15 minutes. Price is on the premium side though, so be prepared to dish out some $$!
Pork buns are to die for. I got the cold spicy noodles and they were wayyyy too spicy for me. I'm Korean and I really like spicy food. It was oily spicy where it sits in your mouth and doesn't go away. I had to give my bowl to some New Zealanders sitting next to me. I wasn't too impressed with the other noodle dishes either. We ordered Kimchi and the kimchi was over priced and mediocre.
What can I say ? This is a must visit when your in NYC. I always begin with the chicken wings and them the Momofuku ramen. Momofuku noodle bar has a cool vibe and delicious food. Props to chef David Chang - oh and leave room so you can walk to his Milk bar after for dessert.
At my friend's urging, we got up early to try to make it to the restaurant before noon, when it opened. Unfortunately, MTA is weird, so we got there just when it opened. We were actually expecting a line. Maybe the gods were looking down fondly on us, or we were just ill-informed, but we didn't have to wait for tables at all. Nonetheless, some of my friends got there before us and they weren't able to be seated until we arrived. That's pretty standard though. I will say, when we left at around 1:30, the place was starting to fill up. I am also not sure what the buzz is about this place. For the same price, I'd much rather go to Ippudo. The ramen here is saltier than usual and not spectacular. I don't even remember what's in it. Although the buns were visually appealing, I thought they was aight. The pork buns taste the best, then shrimp, then sausage. I didn't go for the shitake buns, because, come on! protein...However, the pork and shitake buns are mainstays apparently. The menu changes seasonally. The table next to us ordered the massive plate of chicken. It's not on the menu at the restaurant because you have to pre-order it. Also, it's frickin $125 and consists of 2 cut up chickens. One is prepared southern-style and the other is prepared Korean style...double fried goodness. It was a sight to see. I'm kinda curious to try it. I do love fried chickens! Maybe I will come back next time for it, but I won't be back for the ramen. That's for sure. The best thing about this Momofuku was the great, attentive, and friendly service. Ambience is nice and modern. There are communal seatings.
I'm hesitant to give this place five stars, mainly for the price. Then again, this is NY, and you do get a very very authentic ramen experience for the high price. After spending some time in Japan, I would say of all the ramen places in the US, momofuku has it down to the closest. The pork buns are very good, perfectly seasoned and the scallions were crisp, the buns were just the right texture and steam. I had the momofuku ramen, and the meat was really well cooked, you could tell they had been boiling it for a while in some good sh*t. The broth was thick and the veggies were plentiful. Just a note though, this place is def NOT vegetarian friendly, so don't go here if you can't eat meat. I on the other hand, love meat. I like the simple decor of the place, covered in bamboo and black granite, which makes a beautiful yet simple design. It brings the feel of a cheap asian pho place with the chopsticks and menus all stacked in the center holder, but you know you're at a upscale place. You get a really good sized portion for the price, and I think that its a great place. Just watch out for the lines (we went on a Friday at 12 right before it opened, and there was already a 5-6 person line before the doors were unlocked!). Typically regulars. Can't wait to try out the other momofuku's.
I went to Momofuku because of the New Yorker's incredible profile of owner David Chang. This experience was an excellent example of a restaurant and food not living up to the rumored personality of its owner, or the artful writing of the profiler. The space is nice and small, even if it was a little too modern-y/minimalistic for my tastes. The servers and chefs - nearly all white hipsters - were really competent, which was a surprise given the crowded line of eaters up and down the bar of the open kitchen. We got two pork buns that, which delicious, were $9 altogether (and just two or three bites big). Our ramen - the basic momofuku pork - was about $10. It was very salty (yum!), and the pork in it was great. There were no veggies in it (I would have preferred some). Basically, the place didn't "wow," which I expected it to, given all the hype. (Funny thing is that owner Chang, in the New Yorker profile, stresses out about not being able to live up to what he believes is undeserved hype over his restaurants. Hmmm.) Sadly, I've had better ramen at a no-name japanese place on 49th and 6th, for $7.
I don't see what the hype with the pork buns is all about.  They're good but hardly life changing.  The ramen, however, was terrific and the staff is very friendly.  I'll have to give the buns another try, maybe the "b" squad was in the kitchen the day I went. *update* I went back...a few times.  I think they're putting crack in the food here.  I still don't get all the hype about the pork buns, they're good but I don't get the fanataciscm.
I'm torn between what to rate this place. Fried chicken dinner 1 star! Pork bun 5 stars! ehh so you get a 3. OVERRATED, EXPENSIVE, Family Style Fried Chicken Dinner $100, reservations only, and they hold your credit card so you better show up or they will charge you! Being that my siblings are huge foodies when they told me about this place I was like sure why not.... must be good. Boy, were we wrong! It was not terrible but OVERRATED and expensive. For $100 I could have got korean chicken wings and popeyes with some left over money to pop champagne. I liked the korean chicken wing but I've definitely had better, not a fan of the southern style although it was juicy. My siblings said first thing they thought of when they ate it was... shake n bake??? Fried chicken at a ramen noodle house that just sounds all wrong too. Next time I'm paying attention to the itinerary. As for the sauces and sides they give you it was all so random, veggies were definitely fresh, you get 4 sauces: the red sauce for bimbim bop,  hoisin, the green onion-scallion( the one you get when you order hainam chicken), and some other sauce with oil. When the server reiterated the menu to us I swore I thought I heard her say korean pancakes... yeah buddy! turns out it's mushu pancakes. Some flavorless wanna be tortilla. ugh. I'd be happier with tortillas. No one at our table ate these. I was in SF for an event called Bay to Breakers the previous week and they throw tortillas at the start of the race.  I think these would suffice for that purpose. BUTT! Pork buns like everyone said so freakin GOOD! I'd rather have spent the whole $100 on that! there's just enough fat on it, flavor, and melt in your mouth goodness. Get this for sure! better than the ones at ippudo.
Overrated, expensive, and uncomfortably crowded and noisy. One of our pork buns was fine, the other one was almost solid fat.
I was really excited to go to Momofuku, but it was not as amazing as I had hoped. The pork buns were as good as advertised, but the ramen was only ok. All the elements in the ramen -- the pork, the veggies, etc. -- were all good, but I've have better ramen elsewhere. We also really liked the corn / bacon dish, but I think maybe our expectations for our experience there were too high. Service was only ok as well, and we felt like the meal was a bit pricey for what we got.
Two words; pork buns. The rest of the food in this place is good, but when I come here it is for the pork buns anyway. The whole fish I had was good, but the pork buns were better. We had some good local appetizers, but again the pork buns were better. Seeing a trend here? And when you are done, head to the back and get some alcoholic desert to finish off your pork buns
Who's to know what to expect from a place with such an inflated reputation?  It's always either you will seriously love it, or seriously hate it because of the hype it comes attached with.  I didn't absolutely love Momofuku, but I feel like I could learn to love it.  I ordered a chilled spicy noodle which was topped pleasantly by warm greens and honeyed cashews (or was it honey?  not sure).  Now spicy was really a codeword for SPICY, because there was no way that either the alcohol or the water I ordered was going to drown that burning on my tongue!  But it's a good thing I'm used to my grandmama food, cause that old lady cooked SPICY like no one has before.  I wiped the sweat off my foreward and went IN.  The spice was delicious for me, but it's definitely not something any other John Doe could handle.  I'm a fan of this place, sure enough, but I want to be blown away to match my expectations.
I was very excited to go to Momofuku, and made a point to stop there during my business trip. I went with two friends and luckily we only had to wait 15 minutes for a table. By 6PM the place was packed with a lot of customers eating, and more waiting to be seated. We squeezed into a very far end of the table and ordered immediately. The wine craft was expensive for the amount you get (it was supposed to be half a bottle). It only served 2 small servings of wine, certainly worth the $24 it cost. We ordered the pork buns and Momofuku Ramen which was delicious. The food was amazing. However, my complaint is with the staff. Once we were served our waitress came over at least 10 times within the first 15 minutes of eating asking if we were done. When one of us was finished, she automatically assumed everyone else was and started clearing the plates. We quickly told her that we are still eating and she stomped off upset. I then noticed that her and the hostess were watching us and noting how long we had been there, granted this is about 20 minutes into eating. If you are not a fast eater, you understand my pain that I cannot eat quicker. By the time we were finished we were handed the check without her even asking if the food was good. I felt so uncomfortable drinking my last sips of wine that we left immediately when the check was paid for. I understand that they have a lot of people waiting to be seated, but half of the reason a customer comes back is due to his/her experience. That being said, I will most likely not go back again.
After all of the rave reviews I have read about Momofuku noodle bar, I was ready to experience ramen zen in my mouth.  I was ready to be blown away by the broth.  I was ready to have the best ramen of my life. Sadly, that wasn't the case.  Seated at the kitchen counter in the back (I guest I didn't look hipster enough for the front that was half-emply), the ventilation fan pretty much cooled down my ramen the moment it was placed down in front of me.  Usually I appreciate being seated where all the action is, but the uncomfortable fan really took away from the experience.   The broth was just ok, and I was surprised at how little there was in my bowl.  The noodles had a nice consistency.  I wasn't really digging the soft-poached egg that kinda just disappeared into the broth. From Daikokuya in LA, where my ramen obsession started, to Ippudo in New York, I consider myself somewhat knowledgeable on how a good bowl of ramen should taste like. Sadly, I'm not sure I'd come back here for ramen when there's just so many other good places.
This place has way too much hype. I mean I am quite shock of how long the wait is at times. My friend and I came here on Thursday night and there was an approximate 15 minute wait. Luckily, since we were only two ppl, we actually got seated a lot quicker. We shared an order of the pork buns, momofuku ramen, and the ginger scallion noodles. First the service, the service is pretty quick, and someone refills the water pretty readily. Second the pork bun...WOW WOW WOW. As my friend claimed "jizzinmypants good", and it was a girl that said that. The pork was so thick (double cut), and so tender and fatty. It was heavenly thick samgyubsal (pork belly). It melted in my mouth...OMG It was heaven. IT was rich, and the crunchiness of the thin sliced cucumbers added a refreshing dimension to the dish. The hoisin sauce was not overbearingly salty/sweet. It had the right amount of flavor to it, and the bun wow what pillowy goodness. To be honest, we wish that we ordered more orders of the pork buns instead of the noodles. The momofuku ramen...ehhh very underwhelming. The noodles taste like they are fresh which are a good thing, but they tasted undercooked as well. The broth was mild, almost no flavor to it. There was no depth of flavor to it. The only thing close to perfection in this bowl was the perfectly poached egg as well as again the thick pork belly. The ginger scallion noodles were underwhelming as well. The dish had more flavor than the momofuku ramen, but again the noodles were undercooked. There was very little ginger in the dish too. The only thing that saved this dish were the mushrooms. It tasted like they were pickled or something, because they added a nice bite to flavor profile of the dish. Overall, my friend and i were not impressed with the food here.  Honestly, i would give this place 2 stars on just the noodle dishes alone. However the pork buns really saved the dinner. Come here for the pork buns, but avoid the ramen. It's not worth the price since there are other places that serve better ramen at a cheaper price.
Hot DAMN that's some delicious pork.  I had the buns and the Kimchi. I don't want to get off on a rant here but don't let the hype or panning affect you.  Go, experience it and think for yourself.  It's worth going to at least form your own opinion. That being said, I liken my experience to young love and or lust.  Remember how you had to wait for the right opportunity (parents out of town) to be alone with someone?  And how certain things stick in your memory, like the wood paneling of the basement?  Or the picture of The Band from Big Pink on the walls of Momofuku last night.  It seems that some of the most enduring memories aren't necessarily the ones you expect.  If you go to Momofuku with the expectation of rounding the bases and having the best meal ever, you might be disappointed.  However, if you can just be in the moment and enjoy the event, I believe you'll have a memorable experience. When I think of the Kimchi at Momofuku it will be like a fuzzy cashmere sweater in the cluttered closet of my mind. (sigh)
Pork buns? Ramen?  David Chang?  This has deliciousness written all over it.  It's a small, modern noodle shop that serves up tasty reinvented Asian dishes and many of the menu items change regularly to keep you on your toes.   Every course was an 'ah-ha' moment for me.  First was the soy egg.  I never knew eggs could taste that amazing...this is how addictions start.  We had potato chips with togarashi which were fun and different, a bowl of the Momofuku Ramen filled with pork belly, pork shoulder and poached egg and of course, the famed pork buns. We like pork and eggs. So what?  The ramen is straight up comfort food.  The pork buns are a MUST. We had a fantastic meal, service was great, and it was onto dessert. The soft serve flavor of the night was twist of angel food cake and strawberry lemonade.  But as awesome as it sounded, we opted to visit Momofuku Milk Bar to satisfy our sweet tooth instead.  So many ways to get Momofuku in New York... how about some for us in LA???
Disclaimer: Yes the infamous Momofuku pork buns are out of this world and deserve 5 stars alone, but if you're really craving the pork buns, you can (and should!) go to a different David Chang destination to get your pork bun fix. The only possible way this could be the best ramen you've ever tasted is if you've never had ramen or if you have no taste buds. The ramen is a joke.  And the insane wait is not worth this joke. If you're forced by friends with underdeveloped palates to eat here, then just load up on pork buns or order a dish much more worthwhile than the ramen.  If you/out of town visitors are determined to eat at a David Chang establishment, I strongly urge you to throw down extra cash and eat at Momofuku Ssam Bar instead. Same wait time, same ambiance, same pork buns, much better food, and most importantly, none of that "ramen'!
My group came here for a late night fried Chicken dinner and I must say that it was pretty tasty.  I think the Korean style (extra crispy and spicy sweet sauce) was my favorite of the two.  The pork bun appetizers are a must have, they almost melt in your mouth!  The ramen is good too.  This was my second time here and I will make the noodle bar a NYC staple whenever I get back to visit.
Two words.....pork....buns.  Like eating a stick of butter.
Not the best noodles I've ever had, but good. Pork buns were yummy. It seems like there's always a long wait and the place is crammed.
I had the basic noodle, and it exceeded my expectations! the pork was yummy and juicy and the broth was just the right taste. A little pricey but I think it was worth it.
Really don't understand the hype. Really pales in comparison to Ippudo.  This place is slightly more expensive as well. Nothing special about the ramen and not worth waiting a hour.... It's good but if you're in town only for a short time, invest in other places....
It isn't often that a much-hyped restaurant actually lives up to the hype. But This place truly did. It was a Tuesday night, so my friend and I wound up waiting... only 25 minutes. Yeah. But we quaffed a bottle of great hard cider while we waited, so it was a good start. For appetizers, the Pork Buns were quite tender and good for not actually being in China, and the Spicy Rice Cakes (vegetarian friendly) were indeed spicy and flavorful. Our entrees were excellent. My vegetarian pal ordered the Ginger Scallion Noodles and was thoroughly impressed. Came furnished with fantastic sliced, soy marinated shiitake mushrooms. Mmm. And I'm glad I listened to the dude behind the bar and got the Spicy Chicken Miso Ramen instead of the Momofuku marquee ramen bowl. The miso base is deep, the chicken is expertly smoked, and the smoked bacon fat lacing the broth makes this ramen truly memorable. Do you remember many bowls of ramen you've had? Well you will probably remember this one. If you can get past the wait, you'll find that this storied joint is certainly worthy of its game.
It's about time I reviewed this place. The pork buns are top-notch. The best that I have ever had anywhere and after eating my first pork burn at Momofuku Noodle Bar, I have been on a conquest to eat all of the world's pork buns. The porcine goodness oozed into my month and filled my heart with glee. It was not overly dry, like many other pork belly adventures that I've had. The buns at Momofuku are way better than Ippudo. They are. No contest. That's it. I cannot replicate the pork belly, no matter how hard I try. I have Chang's book and have tried multiple times. The ramen, though good, is no Ippudo. It's better than the ramen available in DC. The pork shoulder was tender and the toppings in the bowl were plentiful. I enjoyed it. There's a lot that goes into good ramen, so I can appreciate it. Ramen broth is salty everybody. Every other review of a ramen joint complains about the saltiness. It's the nature of the beast. I like Momofuku Noodle Bar. I prefer Ippudo's ramen, but I'd compromise just to devour Momofuku's delicious pork buns. I got there right when the place opened, no line. That's the only way to avoid a wait.
After all the hype, I finally was able to check it out for myself.  I went with my family on a Saturday night around 10:15, at which point the wait was still about 30 minutes or so.  We were finally seated at 4 seats at the front counter, since all the tables were full.  I'm a big fan of eating at the bar/counter, especially when the person behind the bar is friendly and it's only 2 people.  Having a party of 4 made the dinner a bit more...complicated. We ordered a bottle of the momofuku sake, which was pretty good.  It was light, with a sweeter aftertaste.  We ordered the scallops and barron point oysters from the raw bar - both were okay, then had the steamed buns with pork, which were pretty good.  We make this at home, but usually with a green onion/scallion instead of cucumbers, but I liked the cucumber combination.  They also offer it with chicken or shiitake mushrooms, which I'd be interesting in trying.  For our meals, we had the following: -ginger scallion - the flavor of this was light(er), which we really enjoyed -momofuku ramen - good, although the broth is a bit on the salty side -kimchi stew - too salty and too sour -mussells - a little heavy on the garlic flavor, but the fennel addition was nice Being Asian, I'm a bit more critical on Asian food.  The food was good, but I had higher expectations, especially after hearing such good things about the restaurant.
Finally came here today!! Got in around 12.30pm, got a seat at the bar, i ordered the Moo thunder stout, shiitake bun and momofuku ramen... YUMMY i must say!! The bun is really good, soft, buttery(whatever that is on the bun), and the mushroom is cook perfectly, with some crunchy pieces, love it!! The ramen is comforting. I love the soup and the texture of the noodles. Love the seeweed with soup. Not a big fan of fatty pork belly, but it was good i'm not gonna lie.
This place was fucking fantastic. We ordered the beef buns and the shrimp buns and a ramen bowl to split. The buns were so goddamn good that we ordered the pork buns to try also. Seriously, these bun things were good as hell. I don't really think 10 bucks is unreasonable, they are a whole meal in themselves. I think 10 bucks is on the high side, but I've paid way more for way shittier food. The ramen was ok, it wasn't fantastic, I wouldn't order it again, at least not the one I ordered. We sat at e bar, and the barkeep was also fantastic. I'm really glad I liked this place, I was waiting in line before it opened and I had the sneaking suspicion that I was going to dislike it, that it was all hype . However, those buns are no fucking joke, delicious little savory pieces of bun heaven.
I'm incredibly tempted to give this place a 5. What's holding me back is the fact that there's only one vegetarian noodle bowl (which is nothing short of delightfully delicious). I read somewhere that David Chang just doesn't care about pleasing vegetarians and cooks what he wants to, which I can respect. I should note that there are some vegetarian appetizers and sides, besides the ginger scallion noodle bowl. We came here on a Sunday, a few minutes before the doors opened at 5:30pm and ran to get a spot in the expectedly long line. Our party of five became part of the second group of eager eaters so it was about 45min-1hr before we got a table, but the process was efficient since the hostess allowed us to go elsewhere and then texted us when to come back. And despite having to organise throngs of hungry people, the hostess was nice, and that's always cool to come across in NY! As for the food, the ginger scallion noodles were amazing!! Sometimes halfway through a bowl of less-superior noodles, I become awfully bored of the taste but I assure you this the chance of that happening with this bowl is slim. The veggie-noodle ratio was near perfect; I would've wanted just a tad more noodles, but I guess it's better to have too much veggies than too much noodles! The sauce was gratifying and savory but not overpowering, and the portion was satisfying. On my list of best noodles I've ever had. My curious taste buds were sad because everything on the menu seemed fascinating but I don't have the stomach volume or money to try all of it.. Sigh, next time. Oh yeah, one con: it was kind of loud when I went, so it wasn't the most ideal place for lengthy conversations. But, people might not want to talk too much after the food is brought out, anyways.
Every good thing that has been said about this place is probably true.  The food is truly outstanding, the servers are nice, and it's an amazing experience.  Even criticism like "It's too crowded" I actually thought was a plus, because it added to the communal aspect of the fried chicken dinner.  The only thing I'd change are the seats, as I prefer a chair with a back instead of a bench, but that's fairly minor.
Debating between 2 & 3, so more like 2.5/5 stars. Perhaps it was all the hype about this place that made me feel more disappointed after trying it. So, don't expect too much & maybe it will be amazing! I went here for a night meal & ordered the Momofuku Ramen& Pork buns. Nothing about the ramen was special, especially considering its price. The pork buns were pretty yum (the only reason why I gave 3 stars) Some people next to us were eating the fried chicken & that looked pretty delish! (I think you need to make a reservation online before and it's for parties of 4-8 ppl?) If you don't eat here, you're not missing out...but, I guess it's one of those places everyone talks about, so worth trying it.
totally overrated and overpriced. $15 for a small bowl of ramen?! ok, i'll admit...the egg and pork were really good. but what really defines ramen is SOUP. and NOODLES. both were below average. the pork buns were really good but pretty pricey as well. i've heard the dry noodles are much better but i really wanted soup that day and was overall not that impressed
The place is always packed. So expect to wait to be seated. They won't seat you if your entire party is not present. The Pork buns, and mushroom buns are must haves. I prefer to seat near the front door behind the counter, it is a little more relax. The crew there are very friendly but of course it is a business and it is always crowded as I mentioned earlier. Oh and I always make sure your drink is cold. They may forget to mention it, and you may end up with a Hot beer. Overall, it is a decent place, even for a date. Go and enjoy the menu!
Granted I don't eat meat (only fish) and everything tastes better with pork, but I was still slightly underwhelmed by the food. It's tasty, but I can get tasty in NYC without as much hustle and definitely with more elbow room.  The shrimp buns were good but heavy on the salt. The grilled prawns special was whatever, and the veggie ramen was not good. (Hanco's pho is a much better Asian noodle dish for the vegetarians out there. Not sure why veggies go nuts for this spot?) It was fine, but I wouldn't come back.
This is the original Momofuku - a noodle shop that's a blend of Japanese, Korean, eclecticism, and wonderful Berkshire Pork. The Berkshire Pork buns (also found at Momofuku Ssam) are delicious - $9 for two is a little steep as it would take at least 4 for a meal.  But they're hard to pass up. The eponymous Ramen isn't for the purist - unless you're a pork purist.  Then it's pretty sweet.  Some Berkshire pork belly, some shredded pork, thrown in some noodles, veggies and fishcake.  The broth and noodles might not be Ippudo-level but I liked it.  But $16....yikes. They have an ice cream maker here but they've learned from Iron Chef re-runs that savory ice creams are usually a bad idea.  I had a few spoonfuls of a Crackerjack Peanut Butter ice cream that was kick ass. Wish this place was less pricy but I'd still recommend it...
I came in here just for a bowl of the house ramen one day when I was freezing my ass off. I've been trying to work through all the ramen joints having hit up Setagaya and Ippudo so far, and wanted to see what the fuss was about here. It's probably one of the prettier bowls out the three, and I do enjoy me some toppings which you get plenty of here. However I don't think it stacked up to either Ippudo or Setagaya. It was good, certainly, but a bit too salty and for me the broth just didn't hit as hard as the other places. It didn't taste immediately like they had been boiling away random pig parts for the whole day to make some magic stock, in fact it seemed to me like it leaned more on outside flavorings. The noodles themselves were not as good and chewy either. Haven't tried the rest of the food, so I'm only judging the Ramen.
Never had this place disappoint me. A casual atmosphere where voices are ringing everywhere. It's a place to sit, eat, and chat. It's a pretty good place for groups, but you would want to make reservations in advance for a large party. I usually come here with my bf and we would always insist on sitting up at the bar. Love the feeling of watching the chefs cook and do their thang. Pork Steamed Buns - Moist and succulent pork that was marinated really well. Buns are soft and goes perfectly with the pork. Great appetizer indeed. Fried Veal Sweetbread - Anything fried is good, period. The crunch of the sweetbread paired with the tangy sauce was amazing. Great flavors, reminds me of Thai dishes. Momofuku Ramen - Classic. I love the ramen, the broth not so much. But I always come back for the noodles. It's really unique. Smooth, slippery, and springy. Oh, and don't forget the naruto (aka kamaboko)! I also had a prix fixe dinner there. So to cut that short, there was the complimentary tomato soup, beef tartare, scallop, duck breast, and dessert. Everything was absolutely spot on and amazing. Refer to photos for visualization.
Be sure that you plan ahead.  Reservations are a must.  Everything here is super delicious.  The fried chicken is yummy and is a huge portion.  We also enjoyed the Ramen and the Kim Chee is fantastic.   Next time I'm in NYC, this place is a must for me.
The fried chicken special meal was a major disappointment.  This is not good fried chicken, not even close.  Too much breading, not enough moisture and lacking in flavor.  Sorry David Chang, your fried chicken is WEAK.  I don't get the hype for this dish.  What a waste of time trying to get a reservation.  Bon Chon and even KFC blows this away and you don't have to use the stupid online reservation system.
Food taste resembled dog shit. The statement, "The pork buns are -hands down- the best pork buns in NY." is false. You want good pork buns go to Joe's Shanghai or something. Ramen was so so, they only had one ramen option on the menu, so I wouldn't classify it as a ramen place. We got three menu items and the bill came to $60, and the food made us loose our appetite, so not only could we not eat the food there because it tasted like shit, but we also couldn't eat anywhere else, because we had lost our appetite. I love Asian cuisine, but you couldn't pay me to eat at this IHODS (International House of Dog Shit).
Venturing in the heart of SoHo we warped into this place by blizzard- LITERALLY and it had my heart at fresh 'pork buns' since  was craving it this day! - smothered in hoisin, scallions, cucumber slices this combination was yum... but it was a bit small for our big appetites... the wait was a bit long, considering the medium wait time. i had the momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg, holy shit it hit the spot, the broth was perfect but a bit on the salty side, the pork belly was so soft and well marinated... plus the wings were worthy of finger lix
I'm not sorry to say this "the food here is trash" not worth eating at all. No hot tea in a Japanese bar? The only thing that is worth one star is the atmosphere. The chicken wings definitely looked like heaven; however they tasted like hell. Didn't finish them and gave them to hobos after take out. Ramen.... shit noodle and too freaking salty. Anyways, this place is worth visiting but definitely not worth diving.
I'm a little weary of hyped-up places with long waits, but Momofuku Noodle Bar was totally worth the 30 minute wait.  We were seated at the bar right in front of the kitchen and it was a fantastic experience.  It was amazing to see how much care and attention they put into every dish.  There was a head chef (manager? not sure of his title) who oversaw quality control.  For example, on a spicy cucumber dish, he commented to make sure there was bread crumb topping all around.  He actually pulled back a bowl of ginger scallion noodles to add additional scoops of cucumber and shiitake mushrooms, commenting to the chef that they need to consistently give sizable portions.  It was simply a pleasure to watch how carefully each dish was prepared, from the buns to the heirloom tomato to the ramen. As for the food, delicious.  It seems like everyone knows to order pork buns even though they're not on the menu.  They were made just right and not too fatty.  The Momofuku ramen was, as expected, fantastic.  The poached egg really made a difference (most ramen shops just add a hard boiled egg) and add flavor to the noodles.  The ginger scallion noodles were unique in such that there was no broth - interesting that the noodles are warm and the toppings are cold, but it somehow all came together.  The noodles were also sizable portions compared to other highly rated ramen shops.  Highly recommend!!
So quite the mixed experience tonight at Momofuku. I had been waiting for the fried chicken dinner for weeks and finally got my chance to dig into it tonight. After 30 minutes of waiting, the glorious pile of fried goodness came out. As expected, the Korean Fried Chicken was out of this world, addictive like meth, and will be on my mind whenever I am craving some sweet,spicy, crunchy goodness. The southern fried chicken however was beyond sub par. While the chicken was moist and the crust had some flavor it seemed more baked then fried. Worst of all, half of our pieces of Southern came out raw and when we complained to the waitress she proclaimed "that the redness close to the bone is how the chicken is raised and is normal". When I see raw chicken I know it is raw and did not appreciate some waitress insulting my intelligence by telling me that it isn't. Lucky for us though after the kitchen checked out the raw bird, they refired a whole new batch for us which while appreciated, was not what we wanted and as such they packed it up to go for us. Rather then risking more raw chicken, we ordered some pork and shrimp buns to tide us over which were flavorful and fluffy as expected. Though at this point of the meal I would have given the experience 3 stars, Momofuku was nice enough to comp us everything  we ordered (shrimp & pork buns, slushie, beer, and sake) other then the chicken which was extremely thoughtful and as a result will keep me coming back for more. A wink from David Chang on his way out of the place doesn't hurt either. What happened to all that chicken they refired for us you might ask? All I can say is that some homeless guy on the subway in midtown is chowing down on some very expensive fried goodness.
The Momofuku empire is an empire for a reason.  The food, the service, and the simplicity of the food/drinks is what draws the customers in and keeps them coming back.  After visiting Ko and Milkbar, Noodle Bar has been on my radar for some time. And today, opportunity allowed me to pop in and try some of Mr. Chang's creations.  I started the meal with the momofuku soju slushie which comes in 4 flavors (flor de jamaica, lychee, yuzu palmer, limeade).  I had the yuzu palmer which was delicious but can result in brain freeze if you slurp it too fast; which I learned the hard way. For my meal, I had the Sugar snap peas (with horseradish, mint, chives) and the Smoked chicken wings (with pickled chili, garlic, scallions) which balanced each other nicely.  The fresh and coolness of the peas was great to start with because it helped ease you into the spicy and saltiness of the smoked chicken which was cooked perfectly.  And the sauce would have been perfect on rice (which another gentleman at the counter did).  All in all, this was a perfect light late lunch meal, which was exactly what I was looking for.  Next time, I'm going to come in a bit more hungry to try the ramen/noodles items.  But until then, all I can say is come and try this place out!
My friends and I came here last Monday during the start of the dinner hour at 5:30pm. So obviously, we didn't have a problem getting a table for 4 people. But, by the time we left (at around 6:30pm), the place was getting packed! I  tried the "Pork Steamed Bun" ($9 for 2 pieces. I shared 1 with my friend) and the "Momofuku Ramen" ($16). The pork steam bun was amazing! The pork belly was very soft and tender. It kinda melts in your mouth. The ramen looked really small when I first looked at my meal.Oh boy was I so wrong. The ramen was very filling and  I struggled to finish it. I just had some pieces of pork leftover. The soup was pretty salty towards the end. Final verdict: 3.5 stars. I really wanted to give 4 stars, but if I did I would be a "fan" for Momofuku Noodle Bar per yelp's rating system. I just think that the Momofuku Ramen was OK and not memorable. Overall, good food and service. I would come back for the PORK STEAMED BUN and to try other things too. :)
Never have I ever eaten so much pork belly fat and smiled right after. We didn't make reservations but our party of 6 thought it was worth the long crowded wait after dining there. I tried my friend's lychee soju smoothie which wasn't too sweet- perfect for my tastes. I stole a piece of the beef brisket noodle which came with thicker noodles. The pork buns were oozing with pork belly oil but were so magnificently good. The Momofuku Ramen noodles were a great texture. The poached egg was done well. The soup didn't have chunks of fat floating around but of course I still ate the two huge chunks of pork belly. Yum, so worth it!
Went with 2 friends for dinner.  There was definitely a wait, although not tooo excruciatingly long.  About half an hour. The pork buns are flavorful and tasty, although I felt the pork could have been a tad more tender.  I had ramen and pork belly twice in San Fran literally a few days before I came here, so I do have enough comparison to say at least that.   The ramen was OK.  The broth was too salty for my taste.  It wasn't too salty to eat the ramen, but more than sipping a couple spoonfuls was too much.  The things they put in it were nice, though.  I enjoyed the seaweed, egg, naruto, and different cuts of pork they included in it.   Service was super nice despite them being so jam packed, and despite the load of customers they were really great about the little things like refilling water.   Overall, the place such as the decor and the staff is great.  Food is good, not great.  But the prices are high enough for me to shy away from recommending the place.
Pork buns are quite generous in size; very fatty and flavorful. Momofuku ramen had a very porky, savory broth - it was great with the noodles, but too salty to sip on its own. The ginger-scallion noodles were so-so - I admittedly just had a few bites, but the flavor didn't come through super well. The standout dish of the evening was the tortellini with pig's head filing, hazelnut, and squash puree - the squash had a perfect texture, and just the right balance of buttery, savory goodness and a bit of acid. They do have an iPad system which will text you 10 minutes before your table is ready. However, be warned that you will lose your table if you're more than 2 minutes late, and they refuse to seat you if your whole party is not present (I saw this happen to another group). They were clearly trying to push us back out the door as soon as we were seated - our waitress came by 3 times within 5 minutes of our arrival to take orders, and was visibly annoyed by questions. Ultimately, the food was decent, but not anywhere near what I had expected. The price seemed reasonable enough given the location and the obvious demand to eat here. The service really ruined the experience, though, and I don't plan to return.
I don't understand why they call themselves a noodle bar.  There are only so many choices and it doesn't even taste that good.  It's very Americanized and bland.  You might as well eat at some other Asian restaurant on St. Marks, or go to Soba-Ya since they have many different options (various soba dishes, cold and hot).  The only thing nice about the place is the decor.
So, yes, I'm patient, persistent and a bit crazy to wait for about an hour to get seated at the communal table in a crowded place to enjoy pork buns my arteries do not appreciate and a bowl of noodles my pancreas cannot handle. Delicious.
While I wasn't blown away by momofukus ramen, their pork buns are definitely a force to be reckoned with. I ordered the miso ramen which was just average at best. Money is best spent at ippudo, totto or jinya if looking for a solid ramen spot. However, the porkbuns were definitely on another level. Momofuku is generous with their portions and the combination of pork and cucumber within a thin bun was absolutely delicious!
Really great ramen spot. When I eat here I think of Naruto. Anyway the kimchi on the menu is icing on the cake. The ramen goes well with the kimchi mixed in it.
Review for the Fried Chicken Dinner: I am a big fan of unique food experiences so I was excited that I got to reserve the Friend Chicken Dinner for my birthday last year. I was there with 7 friends and once you get there, they start cooking your pre-ordered meal. It comes with Korean and Southern style friend chicken, sauces, vegetables for toppings, and thing wonton-ish wrappers. When we ordered drinks, our server warned us that it won't be enough food for all of us, so we ordered a bunch of side dishes. Right after we ordered, the table next to us got their friend chicken meal and it was ENORMOUS! Everything was fantastic, but we were a little bummed that our server told us to get a lot of extra food. The friend chicken meal is a serious deal, even for the biggest eaters, but the rest of the food and drinks are slightly overpriced, so that's why I am going with 4 stars. I hope to be back for some noodles!
Read a review of this place in the Times, I believe it was Frank Bruni, and had to go.  He had some great photographs of the noodles, which are homemade.  As we were a party of two, we were able to sit right down on a crowded Thursday night, which was great.  It is very loud, so don't expect to have intimate conversation. The seating arrangement is shared seating, long benches where you sit next to other parties in the restaurant.  This means you may be sitting next to a celeb, like Clare Danes who was apparently sitting opposite me at the next table.  This went unnoticed by me.  My friend later told me, and I lamented my near Gawker Stalker moment.   The food is pretty good. a bit expensive for ramen, but that is what you pay to schmooz with the stars.  I think it was around a hundred a fifty for two people.  This was primarily a result of indulging in the extensive beer and sake list.  They have a variety of Japanese and Asian beers, as well as local and other imported brands.  The sake list was solid, and you can order anything in one of three sizes which is nice for sampling. In honesty, I can't remember what I ate.  Some cold noodles with pork.  I think their specialty is pulled pork.  I tried a taste of this off of my friend's plate and it was very rich.  I would come back here but more for the liquor and scene than the food.
ramen in ny is SO expensive/overpriced!! it's bizarre, ramen is a very easy and simple dish to make. Now I am not saying i could make this dish at all, (i definitely cannot), i am just saying the ingredients are very basic and there isn't THAT much meat in the noddle dish so I definitely do not see it being worth $16 + tax/tip! the spicy cold ramen are meh. a little dry for my taste but the cashews were the perfect addition. the pork buns are delicious--but at $9..i don't think i would say that is the BEST DEAL EVER!!!
The ramen is pretty good. The pork belly buns are delicious! Even though they're about $5 a pop. The fried chicken dinner is really good. It feeds 8 people perfectly, and that's with bigger guys too! It comes with a lot of veggies to assemble some asian-style chicken tacos. Definitely get reservations for it!
Had vegetable ramen and shared roasted octopus appetizer. Food was ok. Being from Japan, I'm a bit picky on my ramen, and this place had...interesting...flavor. Not my thing though. Definitely not very traditional. Even the regular Momofuku ramen I tried from my friend's bowl. Anyway, it's one of those fusion style Japanese food. A bit pricey if you ask me. Overall, not too bad, but nothing that special. My friend did love the porn buns though...
My cousins took me there & they know the best spots in the city. The place was really packed, the fact we didn't  have to wait in line was pretty cool. The momofuku noodles & the shrimp buns are good
me no likie. I remember wanting to go there because it was a great noodle bar spot (since all the crave were in noodle bars). however - overrated much. place is super tiny and can get super crowded for no reason. people are trying to rush you out (as typical of any popular NYC spot i guess). and then there was the ramen. meh. the soup was good and flavorful but definitely on the salty side. not impressed for a bowl of $17 ramen. not impressed at all. you want real ramen? hit up santouka at mitsuwa in nj. thats legit ramen for all you silly kids out there. BUT i am willing to give it a 2nd chance - if somebody pays for me (since these yelpers below me give such high praise lol). happy eatings~
Ehh.  Came here for a late lunch today, around 2:15pm.  The positives - zero wait and plenty of space, and super fast service.  I was in and out in 15 or 20 minutes.  But, I gotta say, the ramen wasn't great.  I ordered the Momofuku Ramen.  The poached egg was good, and the pork shoulder was a pretty big chunk and yummy.  But the broth was kinda under seasoned for my liking and not that good - I had zero urge to drink it after finishing the noodles.  And the noodles were pretty much like al dente spaghetti noodles.  Why does everyone like this place?  Go to Ippudo.  Oh, this place is expensive.  $16 for the bowl.  For water + noodles + tip and tax, I think it was $21.  For ramen.  For lunch.
Appetizers great.  Ramen average.  Service mediocre.  Food fast, paying bill ridiculously slow, not friendly at all.
Momofuku so hip, it doesn't need a big sign out front! It's only some small letter on the door.  This place fills up fast, even though we got there close to opening. My friend and I shared the Momofuku ramen and pork bun. The ramen was good, not the best. The broth was tasty, not too salty, but  not enough of it.  Unlike other ramen joints, they do not include hard boiled egg.  Instead, it's a poached egg.  The pork belly and stewed pork was the best part of this bowl of ramen.  I don't think it's worth $16 for a bowl or the long wait. You're basically paying for the name. Their pork bun, on the other hand, is soo good.  It's two for $10.  The pork is fatty, melt in your mouth goodness. Topped with hoisin sauce and cucumbers on a warm steamed bun.
YUM. I wish I could give 4.5 stars.The evening started out a bit stressful, as we faced a 45 min wait time for our party of three, and parties that we're larger than ours but got there later were seated before us. I guess they didn't want to sit 3 people at a table, so they waited until 3 spots opened next to each other at the bar. That's what it seemed like, anyways. ANYWAYS, I take off a star for that and the general lack of space. But the food was great. Everything was so full of richness and flavor! I also appreciate their use of a variety of pickled vegetables, which were also particularly well flavored. The broth of the momofuku ramen was sooo flavorful, nothing like the totally bland broths of a lot of other ramens. The ginger scallion noodles were fantastically flavorful as well. It's hard to explain--I don't know anything about cooking really--but every ingredient of each dish was very vibrant--you could taste every aspect of each dish and appreciate how it contributed to the whole. The pork and the brisket buns were also amazingly wonderful. A little pricey, but very very good. I enjoyed every single bite of this meal, had plenty to eat, and certainly didn't pay too much considering the quality and quantity. Worth the wait, though I would definitely avoid going as a party of three... Oh, also the service was speedy, and there were very frequent water refills. Great!
After reading a recent extensive article on David Chang and his initial strife for an established noodle bar, the fella and I were compelled to try out the Noodle Bar on NYE for dinner (we got lucky and got seated right away!) Thinking that this was similar to Foo Foo Tei's in my hometown back West, I was anticipating to see an extensive list of ramen and various broth options. I was slightly disappointed to see that there was only a handful of ramen options. What the heck? I thought that this was a NOODLE bar? Disappointed but not deterred, the fella and I went with the following items: Pork Steamed Buns: Probably the chunkiest and moistest piece of pork belly I've had to date! Flavorful, moist (but not soft enough to be creeped out by the texture) and oh- so-tender. Don't forget the sirracha! It definitely takes the flavor up another notch. Momofuku Ramen: I always assume that signature items were the best bet to order, but I was proven wrong in this case. The noodle was indeed authentic - chewy, unlike your regular quick to sog noodles. I wasn't too thrilled about the aroma of the broth.  I felt that it lacked richness or a driving flavor force to proof as a signature dish.  Also, I was unsatisfied with the pork belly pieces in the bowl - it was literally just the fatty portion of the pork belly!   Kimchi Stew - Served with a side bowl of white rice, this stew was delicious! I secretly wished that I had ordered this instead of the Momofuku Ramen. A thick kimchi stew with spices that not only are mouthwatering, but spicy enough to make your nose run like no other! A plethora of soft slices of rice cake, moist pulled pork, dices of radish, etc. all in a sea of red kimchi was executed within minutes. (The fella and I eventually switched our orders since we ended up liking the others dish.) I liked chef David Chang's concept of a modern and sleek noodle bar, but unfortunately my compliments can only credit towards all but the ramen.
I went to Momofuku for the first time after always hearing about it and having a hankering for noodles.  The pork buns were obviously amazing - that goes without saying (what IS that sauce??  and even better with sriracha mixed in).  Now, for the noodles: They were aight.  A lot were stuck together, a product of being left in the "bin" or whatever cooking contraption too long.  I felt like I had virtually no pork in my bowl, which was the main reason I ordered it.  That being said, it was a flavorful, multi-faceted dish.  We also sat in the back at the bar facing the kitchen and it was fun to see the cooks prepare all the food.. a lot of ingredients go into the noodle bowls, which I appreciate.  Overall I was satisfied with the meal and will go back, BUT while I'll stick with the pork buns to start I may try another noodle bowl for later on.
Came with my girlfriend and had a blast. Got there about 7- it was decently crowded but we were able to be seated by the counter. Ambiance had a great vibe. Clean white interior, exposed kitchen with an option to be seated at a bar alongside. I definitely feel like they captured the energy of Noodle Bar's East Village location. Food was good. The pork buns are the main draw but we each got a ramen entree and enjoyed. A taken on Korean jjigae was on the menu the day I came and it was pretty good- I mean it was a lot like what I could get in K-Town for cheaper but the ingredients here were elevated with berkshire pork shoulder and very fresh local veggies. My girlfriend's cold ramen bowl featured excellent, fresh veggies and some great menma.
I go to sleep dreaming of the pork buns at Momofuku Noodle Bar. Not that their Ramen isn't also a shining example of all that is good in the world - it is. A lovely, flavourful bowl of noodly comfort food. It's just that those pork buns are so good! The soft, fluffy bun, the juicy, fall off the bone pork belly, a little bit of cucumber crunch - just the perfect combination. A beautiful mouthful that makes me regret all the junk I usually eat. No more will I settle for Dominos pizza and cup-noodle ramen. Momofuku noodle bar makes me want to be a better person.
Noodles are yummy. Shitake mushroom buns are my favorite. But Ippudo makes better and tastier pork buns, sorry. Service was mediocre - our waitress barely looked us in the eye.
Despite the pork buns getting rave reviews and the ramen noodles getting lackluster ones, I still got the ramen noodles. They were indeed very meh. The noodles were too thick and chewy, and the broth was quite salty. My poached egg arrived broken too. The spicy cold noodles were quite spicy, and also very interesting texturally. Cold slippery noodles contrasted against candied nuts that crunched and crackled.
Needed a place for a late dinner, so we saddle up to the bar at momofuku.  We split a number of things from the spicy potato chips (so so) to the smoked fish app (interesting take on an old classic) to the chicken noodle dish (well seasoned and tasty) to the veggie portabella buns (cooked perfectly with a great flavor).   Although on the pricy end, it was worth it for the quality meal late at night.
Man I wanted this to be a 5 star experience.  And it was really close.....New York was a enlightening experience for me and one thing that stood out was how much people eat out there.   This place truly exemplifies this.   They open at 12 for lunch and by 12:05 the bar was packed and by 12:15 the entire restaurant was as well.  I was lucky to get a seat at a booth..   I started out with the much anticipated pork steam buns.   Definitely worth all the hype.  I wish I could get something like it here in SD.  Maybe I will soon.  I ordered the Grilled Octopus Salad.  The thing with this dish is I ordered it before the Momofuku Ramen, and received it after wards.  And the little baby octopus were a little too grilled for me.  Kind of a let down because I was enjoying the ramen so much and to get it during, kind of ruined it for me.  This is the only reason it was only 4.  The ramen was the best I have had.  The soft poached egg on top, as soon as you broke the yolk gave the broth this nice and creamy consistency that was truly incredible.  The pork belly on the side was as tender as cut of pork can be.  And the aroma from all the vegetables and spices was unforgettable.  The next time I am in NY I will go for dinner and eat much more.   Good work Chef Chang!!!
Four of us pre ordered the two types of chicken dish, we ate until we nearly burst, then we took the rest of it home and had a full meal the next night. And it tasted great, would definetly do it again.
Great because it is open late night so it is for sure a good spot to stop by for a bite after roaming the bars in NY. The ramen portion is super small and not enough to share (yea, Catalina T... get your own!) The soup had a great taste and the egg was good too but the noodles and the over all ramen bowl was just ok, nothing special about it but at least I can say I ate it and tried it.
Best pork buns I've ever had in my life! There's nothing quite as heavenly as the juicy, fatty, melt-in-your-mouth, heart-attack-inducing pork belly filled bun at Momofuku.  If I died from eating pork buns, at least I would die happy. . Things to get here: -Lychee Soju (like a lychee slushee with soju...so good that we ordered seconds) -Momofuku Ramen (I was happy to find that my egg was perfectly half-boiled) -and of course the Famous Pork Buns I went into Momofuku fully expecting to be underwhelmed (as is often the case with hyped-up places), but I have officially been converted to Momofuku Pork Bun Fan-dom!
On a warm summer night, what could be more appealing than a cold, spicy bowl of noodles, more specifically, the chilled spicy noodles. The noodles were thin, like spaghetti. I might have preferred something more broad and flat. The lamb was cut with less expertise than one would find at a halal cart, and less tasty. The large, thick cuts were annoying to eat - they didn't jive well with the noodles and chopsticks. The sweet, roasted cashews were pleasant. For color, they added a few leaves of spinach. The dish was rather disjunct, as if someone threw the ingredients in a bowl on their way out of the kitchen. The ambiance was minimal in that benign, yuppy way. The service was quick, and I had plenty of water. Momofuku is acceptable but forgettable, especially for $14/dish.
My foodie friends always point me to Momofoku when I go to New York, so a group of us decided to have lunch there. Luckily there was no wait, and service was solid. But I do this place is overrated, and the ramen is underwhelming and not as flavorful as other places. We tried the spicy chicken ramen, which was lacking the "wow" factor. The pork buns, however, are juicy and delicious. 2 for $10, so they're not cheap, but I would rather just order those next time. I also tried the duck salad, an interesting plate of arugula, duck, and some type of sweet sauce on the side. I liked it but didn't love it; it's worth trying if you have a certain kind of palate. I say go at least once for the pork buns, but there is better ramen to be had.
The place is your typical hyped NY institution, but what the hell. I should've consulted Yelp first, but according to Dr. Helen Fisher, I'm an explorer. Setagaya closed recently (they had the best and most wallet-friendly ramen there!) and so we had to make a detour to Momofuku Noodle Bar's nondescript facade in the village. As a temporary NY resident with tourist-like sensibilities, I had the place confused with the milk bar (they're both under the momofuku group). CUT TO THE CHASE: It was minimal, neat and clean here with a long line for that MSG-esque goodness. The saltiness of my bowl was overwhelming that chomping on the noodles became an onerous task. The hard-boiled eggs or in this case, 1500-year-old eggs are another story. The pork buns were on point, some of the best I've ever had and it seems to be a definite side dish to soak up the sea water and balance everything out. My partner agreed the ramen was dangerously salty but he enjoyed it. Service was personable and the staff behind the bar works up a storm, I'll give 'em that. Ramen doesn't seem to be their forte and I don't think David Chang is fair game 'cause he's of Korean descent. I'd actually come back here! Call me confused. I can't help but compare this place to Daikokuya in LA, which I think does it better. Both are similar in that waiting in line is masochistic. My only gripe is the saltiness and limited varieties of ramen on the menu. Albeit, I'd rather swallow this than the ones at home. THING IS: You either love it or hate it. Rico is somewhere in between.
Nahhhh.
I want to so badly LOVE this place..I mean, less than half the wait time of Ippudo. But, alas, let the people speak. The ramen is nothing special and while the pork buns are very tasty, I don't think they compare to Ippudo's. Everyone has their favorites, so take my review with a grain of salt (or many grains if we're talking about the Momofuku ramen...) but I am not on team Momofuku.  I'm an Ippudo girl at heart. Sorry.
The buns are fantastic, but the noodles are surprisingly lackluster. Definintely check it out if you can get in without waiting too long, though.
dear momofuku pork buns, you complete me. i've heard that ippudo's buns are just as good (if not better) than yours. if this ends up being true, i might have to cheat on you every so often... but i will remember you as my first.
Living in NYC, my standard for ramen has definitely risen. And the ramen in this place unfortunately did not meet those standards. I took my brother here (who's from Boston) because he wanted some good ramen and it was close to where we both lived. But.. should've just taken the trek up to Totto and waited for a table there because Momofuku ramen was not satisfying. Felt bad for taking my bro here instead of a better place. First of all, 30 min wait ended up being 45+ min. Second of all, there was a bug in my water... GROSS. Foodwise, we ordered the sausage buns (why aren't the pork buns on the menu?), momofuku ramen, and spicy miso ramen (added extra noodles for my brother). The sausage buns were alright.. probably wouldn't order it again. Momofuku ramen and spicy miso ramen were pretty good at first but man it got so salty that my brother literally had to stop and take a break from eating to take the saltiness out of his mouth. Thought I would give this place another chance (my first experience was horrible.. they forgot to put in our orders to the kitchen so we had to wait 30+ min for our food to come out.. and the food wasn't good) but nope.. what was bad the first time will still be bad the second time. Maybe 3rd time will be better? Even though I probably won't go again..
I've lived in the East Village for almost 4 glorious years and before tonight had not ended up at Momofuku Noodle Bar.  I could literally pee on this place from my doorstep but I had to hit up the closest Papa John's, Dunkin Donuts and IHOP first.  I mean I moved here for the unique experiences right?  Anyway, I decided that it was time to understand what the hype was all about. The wait was about 40 minutes which is around the typical wait you are going to have here, they do not take reservations so keep that in mind.  One downside of the no reservation policy is that you don't get to see awkward first day conversations, who would take a first date to a restaurant you have to wait so long for?  Disappointing and one of my least favorite aspects of this place. The place is beaming with energy and purring along, you can tell you are part of a scene.  In terms of the food, my favorite was the ramen, followed by the smoked chicken wings then the pork bun.  The fiances favorite was the pork burn then the ramen with the wings taking up the rear.  To break it down; Pork bun (3 stars): Delicious pork bun but probably overhyped.  I have also taken these things down at Baohaus and there is another place on St. Marks that serves these delicious treats.  The Momofuku version was about in-line with Baohaus which isn't a bad thing.  It has a good mix of lean and fatty pork.  The sauce also isn't overbearing on this dish or the wings, definitely a plus. Smoked Chicken Wings (4 stars): I am the wing king and can tell you that if these wings were in the videogame Mike Tyson's Punch Out these wings would have made it all the way to the third circuit right around the second time you face Don Flamingo.  They can make it to the world championship division but they can't hold Tysons jockstrap.  Going back to something insightful for the general audience, these are flavor packed wings with a soy sauce base and meat that falls right off the bone.  These were smartly prepared and beat my expectations. Momofuku Ramen (4 stars):    I didn't know ramen counted as sustenance I would actually enjoy in my adult life until I came here.  Much like anybody else, I survived college on ramen noodles, Natty Light and Big Bear vodka but after I donned that cap and gown I decided I was going to mature a bit and move on from my obsession with Hanson, Tony Hawks Pro Skater and ramen.   Lots of interesting and great flavors here with poached eggs, noodles, pork, scallions and a bunch of other little touches.  I didn't get the sense the broth was overly salty.  Based on my sample size of 2, this is the best ramen I have ever had.  It comes in a big bowl and is loaded with stuff, but it's not overly filling.  The dish comes with a spoon and you can use chopsticks so I took a combination approach here. Do I wish I came here earlier?  Indeed I do, you can add another regular to the long lines at this place.
Really can't go wrong with Momofuku Noodle Bar. I brought my dad here for his "last supper" in New York, previously warned him that back home (Brazil) he would never find anything similar to this place. He was absolutely blown away by the food. Not surprisingly so, I have been here numerous times and know that the Momofuku noodle dish is important to try-- the noodles themselves, I don't know how they do it, but the noodles are so delicious, I could eat them plain. No joke. You can share one bowl between two people, it is pretty big. The pork buns are also (obviously) a must have not just on the first try but on every visit to this wonderful noodle house. They are so soft and packed with flavor, my dad even said he could have eaten more of them. We also ordered a foie gras dish with a pastry on top that was perfectly well balanced. I am in love with this place, I really should come here more often. And how fun is it to sit at the bar and watch the cooks make your food? Another highlight for me on this trip to Momofuku is that the actor from Dead Poet's Society-- the main one, I think he might be on House now.. or maybe I am mixing actors up.. anyway... one of them was sitting next to me and I am a big fan! Played it cool though, no worrries-- like a true New Yorker.
Yes, David Chang is now a celebrity chef.  Yes, the food is overpriced.  Yes, there is usually a wait, and if you sit at the noodle bar your elbow will be in someone's plate and your ass will be on their table. Having said that, this IS the guy who brought ramen--the real stuff, not the stuff that sells 5/$1 at Key Food--to NYC.  It's worth going a few times just to try it, with a repeat every few months or so if you're feeling flush. Pros:  House ramen and pork buns really ARE very good; some of the seasonal specials (spicy beef with cashews on noodles) are spectacular.  Nice selection of beer, wine, and sake, and fun bespoke soft-serve ice cream for dessert.  The ramen broth really is very good also compared to many other places. Cons:  ALWAYS crowded, service could be a lot more attentive, they flog all of Chang's books and other crap nonstop at every opportunity (yes yes yes we get that all of his printed crap is for sale, along with $5 jars of kimchee) and a lot of the food is way overpriced (like the "tea eggs" which is a $6 hard boiled egg in a little soup).  Given the number of quality competition coming up in the area, the menu may need retooling or at least the prices do. Conclusion: If you have tons of money and/or want to treat yourself to dinner here so that you can say that you went, go for it.
David Chang's noodle bar is so over rated! I was so glad I tried this place without having to wait in line coz if I did I would have been upset. The noodles are over cooked and feels mushy, and the broth is not flavorful enough. Not to mention it's rather pricey. I don't care that it's part of his Momofuku enterprise. Or that certain food writers can't get enough of him. All my fellow Asian friends and myself are in agreement: his ramen is a disappointment. I will say that when it comes to his fusion leaning cuisine he is a master. But for ramen purists, Ippudo is the place to go.
ive been here about 10 times now.  all of their food is good and some of it is incredible highlights in my opinion pork buns soy sauce egg ginger scallion noodles
Meh.
Hit the noodle bar like a pro. Great place for a quick bite in the East Village, these guys can whip up a tasty noodle bowl like nobody's business. Shiitake buns & duck salad apps all good too. Sake on the side and we were good to go. I'd actually recommend sitting at the bar so you can watch the fellas cranking out noodles in the open-view kitchen - they seem to be enjoying themselves and so did we. Only one word of caution: this is no place for a romantic dinner, unless your idea of romance is slurping up noodles while downing sake in an extremely crowded, noisy place - all in about 15 minutes tops.
Good but overrated.  The pork buns were tasty, but definitely not the best I've had.  The ramen was definitely very good, though.
Momofuku did not live up to the hype. The food was fine but absolutely nothing special... There are far better places in the city. What really did it for me was the service. All of the staff had a holier than thou attitude as though we should be grateful to eat in their establishment. Staff was rude and rushed us out at the end of the meal. After an hour and a half wait for the table we were seated at a bar and questioned about our fourth guest who was using the bathroom. Overall we were belittled and treated like children. One of the employees was blatantly rude and yelled at one of my friends who accidentally hit her chop stick and spilled ramen to "not throw her food". I expected him to come over and help when he saw a spill but instead we were scolded. I was appalled by the staff and the level of unacceptable behavior. Worst experience I've had dining in NYC in a long time ... If not ever.
The wait was long on a rainy Thursday afternoon, but due to the reviews we decided to give it a shot. We ordered pork bun since everybody recommended on yelp, but the pork was dry and tasteless. The only flavor came from the sauce, Which is very flat so you have to add some sweet spicy sauce to make it a bit better. After eating the pork buns, since it was not good so I put all my hopes on Momofuku ramen. The ramen was ok, definitely not worth $15+ for it. The soup was salty but the noodle didn't have much flavor, Ippudo has much better ramen. The place is overhyped, if you want buns, go to real buns place like Baohaus, if you like ramen, go to Ippudo or Toto. Pros: decent clean environment, lots selection on drinks Cons: not the place to go if you want authentic ramen or buns
We started with an order of the pork and shiitake buns. The pork was very soft, tender and buttery while the shiitake were more firm and meaty. It was really nice to be able to compare the different taste and textures between the two. For the ramen, we opted for the signature momofuku ramen and the ginger scallion noodles. The ginger scallion noodles were more on the bland side. The momofuku ramen didn't have that strong pork broth that I was expecting, but I'm sure the ramen is catered to those who don't prefer that deep flavor. The pork belly and shoulder added good depth to the soup and adding a poached egg to anything is awesome in my opinion. It's pricey for what it is, but then again, aren't most things in the city pricey? Recommendation: Momofuku Ramen
First of all, the wait was an hour and 15 mins.  Given, it was friday night, the day after new years. I tend to judge asian restaurants by how many asians actually eat there.  I swear I counted 5, including the waitresses.   I was dismayed by how expensive the beer was.  $15 for an Orian beer.  Get outta here. The chicken wing appetizers were delicious, but who orders chicken wings in a ramen shop?  We do, i guess. My kim chee stew was sweet.  SWEET, as in sugary sweet.  GROSS.  I can always appreciate a restaurant that tries new things, but i don't want kalua pork in my kim chee stew.  I want nice, fatty pieces of bacon.   The ice cream was good, but that will not save the poorness of the real food.   Overall, I say don't go.  Its too expensive, too busy, and not that good!  Ramen should never, EVER be more than $10.  It's just principle.
I met my brother for a casual bite on Tuesday after work; we had both been dying to try the place with the strange name that supposedly had the best noodles in town.   The joint consisted of communal style tables, packed with all kinds of people, a social anxiety disorder victim's worst nightmare.  Luckily, after a short wait, we got two seats at the end of the bar, it was the perfect location.  We could check out the concoctions coming rapidly out of the kitchen, one after another, and we weren't forced into having a conversation with total randoms, phew! The menu was simple and easy to decipher, we both knew immediately what we wanted.  Don't you agree, it's the absolute worst when you can't decide what you want, and then you succumb and order something that you probably wish you hadn't in the first place? We started out light and worked our way heavy as the meal progressed.  The hamachi appetizer was delightful, it was perfect on a HOT winter night like the one we just experienced, it came out quickly, minutes after we ordered - it was cold and flavorful, the balance of salted with citrus tart was spot-on.  Next were the pork buns, HOLLER!  They were these little, greasy, heavenly things that fit perfectly in my hand, I would have preferred if the meat was a bit leaner, but overall, another yummy winner.  The main event was obviously noodle based, it came served as a soup, the thin noodles had a rich, nutty flavor, and floating around in the broth were grilled scallions, pickled pears and a generous portion of extra tender pieces of beef.  Wait, I am not even finished yet!  We slurped and sucked back from what seemed like a never-ending bowl of deliciousness until we could no longer!   I have to once again give props to our wonderful seats, because we happened to be sitting right in front of the ice cream machine, I fear that had we been stuck at some crowded table in the middle of the restaurant, we might have overlooked what we both agreed to be the best part of the meal!  Eggnog and Gingersnap soft-serve, twisted together atop a small pile of crunchy granola.  The color combination of ecru and beige in the tiny white porcelain cup was almost too pretty to eat.  Before I could fully absorb all of its beauty, my brother dug on in, "Oh my GOD, we need to order another, waitress!"   The flavors were spicy, sweet and soothing.  Needless to say, I plan to return this weekend for more.
Came here for lunch one day. I thought the food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about though. We had the momofuku ramen which was good but nothing special about the broth and when we asked if they made the noodles, they said no. We had the rice cakes which we thought were something different, there was a lot of it and it was spicy! I did like how when you bit into it, it was crunchy and then chewy on the inside, I thought that was cool. Then we had the pork steamed buns and they were good, but it was a bummer to find out that they don't even make the buns when we asked. For a lunch bill over $50, I was expecting more than the quality of what we got. I would still be willing to try his other restaurants but I don't need to come back to this noodle bar.
Just ate here tonight and had to post. First off the wait was about 1 1/2hr which is what i would expect for a recommended place in NY, as long as the wait is about 2hrs im fine with waiting if the food deserves it (people crying about wait times should stick to McDonald's). The Food: If you have NEVER had good ramen or Chinese pork buns then you might be impressed (I expect the pork to melt in my mouth as it should but you won't find that here). We ordered the spicy miso and the momofuku ramen and ended up very disappointed. This ramen can't compare to most SF bay area and Hawaii ramen places. I can't begin to express how mid level this ramen is.  The toppings in the ramen: pork, nori, egg etc are all spot on, but the largest most important part of ramen is noodles and broth, both of which are very average. The only thing we liked was the duck sausage rice cakes which was a nice fusion of sorts. NY if this is good ramen to you guys...i feel sorry
3.3 stars. But, I expected more. That is all I can sum up for this place. It was a pleasant dinner accompanied by good friends which made up the most of it. The wait was long especially for the friend who waited long before we've arrived just to put our name down. Then we waited and waited again for a good half hour until we ended up at bar table, not a table. Still that couldn't beat our hungry spirit and we are delighted with the anticipation of what will come to pass our stomach. We've ordered various dishes to share. I liked the fact that the waitress clearly had her own opinion about each dishes against what's popular in general. The pork buns were excellent. I am not gonna even guess or study how they made the pork so tender and baby soft but it had a texture of chiffon cake literally. The shitake bun was excellent but a bit in sweet side. The kale dish was the one I was most delighted with since the slightly sauteed kale was quickly marinated with hot Kimchi Stew broth if anyone ever noticed that. But really tiny dish. The spicy grilled rice cake was really mouth watering using the mongolian red pepper paste (which is more sweet made with plant extracted syrup called yiut) but stayed at the level of korean snack bar where you can easily find in K-Town. The daily special, Parsnip soup w/ pancetta was a complete departure from all others and I don't see any fusion there but given an impression that the chef just wanted to flaunt the fact that he studied at french culinary institute. Only two noodles in the menu, both were nothing special. Just wondering, if this is the noodle bar, shouldn't they have more noodles in the menu?  Also if this is honoring Mr Momofuku, the instant noodle inventer, where are instant ramens? How about some korean instant ramens, Mr Chang? Why no one exploring this? Which is already known to the world quite well(?)  I remember some ramen house in korea when I was little, we had a bunch of ramen menus like Red (w/ ketchup), Yellow( with curry), Black (with chinese black bean sauce), Green (with chlorella algae extract), Regular, Egg (w/ egg), Rice Cake ramens and etc..  People make them at home but never the same as the ramen houses.  Alrighty, let me stop demanding. Though, I must have had a great expectation for David Chang. The ambience setting, the place was packed as lively street eatery but quite modern and clean almost like neat coffee house. We spotted some celebrity who hoped to just get by un-noticed. not telling you who. But overall, I found that the food didn't live up to the hype. Also, to me the saltiness level was way over average and a lot of times, I feel like I needed a bowl of white rice to balance out.  Though, $35 per person, it wan't bad at all trying 10 dishes and by the time for the dessert we are all very full and our stomach telling our mouth to zip. It was an interesting dinner but not sure I would rave about going back. Though, If you want to go, try to drag along a large group (4-6) so that you can have a tasting experience rather than filled up with one dish without knowing the rest, or cry with hit-or-miss dishes.... which also can damage your bill quite easily.
Why yes another review that says the pork buns are heaven and the ramen is just so-so. This place is in a great neighborhood with limited seating so best for smaller parties since no reservations are accepting unless you order the "special" $100 fried chicken. I thoroughly enjoyed the frozen yuzu palmer soju slushies but New York has so much amazing ethnic food at varying price points I don't know if I would be a repeat visitor.
I finally made my way to Momofuku Noodle Bar for dinner. I love the interior of the restaurant. It's low-key and comfortable. Also, the staff is great and really helpful in suggesting food items. I had to try the appraised pork buns and ramen. The best part of the pork buns was the bun. So chewy and soft. The pork was a bit too overcooked for my taste. I really enjoyed its noodles. They were so chewy. I honestly don't remember what the broth tasted like - regular broth. For dessert, I had a pumpkin and dulce de leche swirled ice-cream and it was amazing. I am already a fan of Milk Bar so I knew I would love the desserts. I definitely want to come back to get the fried chicken! It looks delicious. All in all, it isn't the best ramen in the city and I don't think it's worth $16.
love the variety
I got here at exactly 5:15! Perfect since there were already people waiting. The shrimp bun was not worth the three bites.. 12$?? Meh. I also ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen.. First thing I noticed was the poached egg and there was an eggshell right next to it. I have yet to take my first bite and that was what I saw. I did NOT mention it to the waitress... though maybe I should have... Any who, it was not spicy enough for my liking. The chicken was a little too salty but still edible. Overall, the ramen was very good that I almost forgotten about the eggshell. But since it was my first time here.. it was a little bit of a mood killer. I'd probably come here again. Maybe?
The Spicy Miso Ramen had a ton of flavor and it was truly smoky-spicy. The shredded chicken was tender and juicy; and had I bowl of rice I would've thrown it into the broth to finish it off. The brussels sprouts were also delicious. This spot isn't overhyped. After watching way too many episodes of David Chang's The Mind of a Chef I had certain expectations. And I wasn't disappointed. Well worth the hour wait!
I have lost my respect for you, David Chang. I expected so much more, but instead I left feeling utterly disappointed. To all those people who are about the wait outside for over an hour: reconsider your restaurant choice. The food is mediocre at best. The noodle dishes are shockingly bland despite being so salty they are nearly inedible. The uninspired dishes lack both depth of flavor and complexity. They all seem to be poorly-executed knock-offs of Asian classics. Like a trendy imitation of a hot luxury brand item that will be thrown in the garbage at the end of the season. Overpriced, definitely. Over-rated, very much so. Wait service, disinterested at best. Save your time and money and walk to any other ramen/noodle place in the EV. However, if you just want to go to "be seen" or to have something to talk about at the water cooler at work tomorrow, who am I to deter you. But don't expect to have a mind-blowing culinary experience. Full disclosure: This restaurant might have deserved a two-star rating. But it is SO over-hyped and over-salted, I'm hoping my rating pulls down the average.
My friends and I are very indecisive when it comes to dinner.  Talk about going to Momofuku has always resulted in profane name-calling (usually variations of the restaurant name, playful in nature).  But for one reason or another, we have always ended up somewhere else.  Tonight, the wait at a shabu shabu place around the corner was too long and we ended up here for some warmness in our tummies.   The place is very trendy (if you like that sort of thing).  We sat at a long bar (noodle bar) and shared a few dishes.  The pork buns are really all that, especially with that red chilli sauce.  The Momofuku ramen noodles was an excellent choice and drinking the broth felt almost as good as eating shabu shabu on a really cold day (but not quite).  The oxtail rice cake was surprising really good.  I don't usually see myself as an oxtail kind of guy.   Unfortunately, my end of the bar was near the front entrance, so everytime someone walked into the restaurant, a blast of artic chill would hit my butt.
SO, there's been a lot of raves about their ramen here and so I went with the most popular of them all - the MOMOFUKU ramen, which had pork belly, pork shoulder and poached egg. SOUNDS good right? it was EH. I honestly prefer ippudo much much more. BUT I do admit that their pork buns are REALLY good. FATTY, but good nonetheless! ALL in ALL, if i come here again, it would be for their pork buns and that would be about it.
Just had the Spicy Miso Ramen with Roast Chicken - lovely!! The Ramen is dressed with a poached egg, cabbage, spinach and seaweed. The pork buns are always amazing with pickled cucumbers. Had the pear salad with country ham - disappointing on every culinary level. Plenty of greens, three little nibbles of pear and what can only be described as micro shavings of ham which if put together would be the size of a dime. I love everything David Chang but this salad for $12 was an utter bore, barely touched it. I might add we were still charged for it. I hope it's struck from the menu sooner rather than later, I miss the rice cakes, those were a keeper, not the-barely-anything-in-it 'pear salad'. Tried the apple cider slushie, horrid, tasted salty. Their Yuzu slushie was better, no idea why they no longer serve it. Hoping to have an overall better experience next time.
I had this last week and can I say HOLY FUKU is it good! TRY the chicken wings they will change your life
Pork Buns were extra fatty and greasy, the miso tasted like the atlantic ocean, and the noodles were definitely better cooked at Ippudo.  For the same prices I'd go elsewhere.
The wait was about an hour long but we had a huge group of people that included 10 people. I heard a lot of great things about this place so the hype was expected. My sister got the momofuku ramen and I got the ginger scallion noodles. The momofuku ramen has the pork belly meat. Pork belly seems to be trend now and absolutely fatty and delicious. My bowl was ok, the ginger overwhelmed the broth. I felt like I was slurping on freshly squeeze ginger like lemonade.
at Peter rating system.   as follows:   STARS- standard yelp CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- NO Why I went- I BELIEVED HYPE - TV DAMN U! Taste too salty, I rather goto Ippudo.  ONE TIME i went.  ONE TIME.  never had urge go back.
I had dinner here right when they opened on a Friday night. There was a line of about 20 people outside, and all were seated immediately once the doors opened. There was plenty of bar seating, plus communal tables with very uncomfortable stools. Three of us were seated at a table, and then they stuffed another group next to us. The hostess could have been a bit friendlier when seating us. Service was extremely fast. We placed our orders, ate, and paid our checks within 30-45 minutes. While I do like fast service, it would've been great if there was an explanation of the menu, more care, etc. The waiter went between the back of my stool and another table to reach the other party at our table, frequently bumping into me. Okay, now onto the food. We had the pork belly ramen. It was okay. Good portion size, but not the best ramen I've ever had, and it was slightly pricey. Overall, this place seems like the perfect example of style over substance.
Came here as a friend had been wanting to try this place out.  Ordered the following Appetizer Pork Buns - This was good, very fatty but could have used more sauce.  Had to ask waitress to give us more sauce. Entrees - momofuku ramen - This was my order.  The broth was nothing special and didnt have much flavor in it.  The egg was just barely cooked and the yolk was raw.  I broke apart the yolk and mixed it into the broth.  Overall I was ok with the ramen, but felt it could have been better, with more flavor.  Only got 1 pork piece in my meal. - spicy miso ramen - Friend ordered this ramen and she enjoyed the chicken pieces.  It was well cooked, bit crispy but the broth wasnt that spicy at all.  I was able to taste it as well and also not very salty, some people like that, some dont. Overall just not overally amazed by the place but it is just satisfactory.  We came pretty late around 10-10:30pm but there was still a 30-40 min wait at the door. I think this place is just not very authentic and is becoming a tourist trap type of place
- overall score: 3.5 - recommend pork buns and strawberry/yogurt softserve - as much as enjoyed my pork bun, it wasn't anything I couldn't have made myself - nice enough atmosphere - mentionable staff - liked that the ramen featured a poached egg vs. a boiled one - usually a short wait
Just glorious. The Kimchi ramen is *out of control* good and the pork buns are downright spiritual. I have to curtail my urge to push this place every time I'm meeting people out for dinner in the East Village. Truly excellent. One caveat though - if you're with vegetarians or folks that keep kosher or devout Muslims give it a skip - essentially everything on the menu is pork-based.
If you are what you eat, then I'm in serious trouble. After a long day of walking and shopping, we decided to stop here as soon as we could, knowing that Momofuku opened at 5:30.  We got there around 5:45ish or so on a Sunday night, and were promised a seat around 20 minutes later. Not too bad, as there were 3 people ahead of us in the waiting area and the place was already packed. The waiting area then starts to fill up quick.  I see my name is next on the list, and I was excited to sit because the food that was coming out looked fantastic. Though I was next in line, I see these two giganto chicks get seated. WTF. The stupid ritard of a hostess decides to give up our seat because she apparently  thought ... well let's just say she doesn't look like she does think.  So I sent my husband up there to talk to her because I was super duper annoyed. She had no excuse. Luckily we got seated a few minutes after at the bar, and she did quietly apologize but didn't look at me at all. It is because of this chick that cost this place a star. Anyway- our server was fantastic. Really down to earth and knew the menu really well.   We got the roasted pig tails, the pork buns, and grilled sardines. For our entrees we got the Momofuku ramen and the brisket ramen.  The pig tails and pork buns were the favorite things of the night. The pig tails came out to us in a very large portion and had a great ratio of fat to meat on them, with a somewhat of a chewy texture.  The pork belly in the buns were amazingly fatty and rich and the sauce was sweet with the bun being quite delicate.  The sardines were whatever. The Momofuku ramen was definitely better than the brisket ramen. This ramen had noodles that were cooked well, shredded pork shoulder, an egg and more pork belly.  The broth was good, not too salty.  The brisket ramen's broth was on the spicier side, like there was too much Chinese five spice or something in it. It was borderline overwhelming. The texture of the noodles of the brisket dish was good though, like al dente fettucine. So, of the five dishes we ordered, three of them had pork.  I hope this doesn't make me a *gulp* cannibal?????
Flavor mania, my head is spinning. So good, so damn good. Yes, it's true, putting your name down for a seat is a little bit of organized chaos  but worth it! Went in w/ a group of 4 on a weeknight at 8:00pm told it was a 1h15m wait and she took down my cell #. Went to a neighboring bar, no phone call but returned almost exactly 75m later and were seated 5m thereafter. I seriously thought about my veg noodle plate for the next three days. Pass on the desserts.
When I'm here I have to remind myself I live  in New York not Japan. Love the food and the atmosphere
The food was ok. The pork buns are juicy and good. The noodle texture is really good, but the broth was a bit salty. The menu is quite limited and the place gets pretty packed.
I couldn't get enough buns and ramen here. Wow. My perspective on ramen has changed drastically. I can't wait to return
7pm on a Monday night - the place way full, but we got seats right away. You will be jammed in close to your fellow diners, but then you get to preview the menu by checking out what they are eating. Everyone raves about the pork buns and they are RIGHT! I could eat them all day (scared to think how many WW points they are!). We restrained ourselves and split an order - next time I may not be so inclined and eat both myself! Flavor is great, but the texture is amazing. I loved the mixed of the soft, pillowy (is this a word?) dough with the crisp pork and the chewy (but not tough) fat.  Also had the grilled octopus appetizer. Again, great flavor and the octopus perfectly cooked - tender and not tough at all. I had the Momofoku Ramen. It was good. Pork belly was the best part. With such a large bowl, by the bottom third I was not really interested in eating more. Overall the broth was flavorful but by the end it was getting too salty for me. I had the brown butter cake soft serve ice cream for dessert and that was the most disappointing part of the meal. Too sweet, with actual pieces of butter not fully incorporated. Not bad, but not what I expected or really wanted. Should of have had another lychee soju slushy instead. Yummy, yummy drink. I will want many of these on a hot summer day! I will definitely be going back (more pork buns!) and I want to try some of the other items on the menu!
I really like this place! The setup is so clean and simple, with the blackboards listing specials and the long wooden tables and bar area. Maybe because I'm a Bay Area native and this place feels like a total hipster/SF restaurant (reminiscent of State Bird Provisions). My friend and I came here on a really dreadful wet day and a bowl of noodles and some pork buns were what we needed to perk up. We got the pork belly buns which were super rich and fatty but completely worth the semi pricey $10. We also got ginger scallion noodles which were pretty good as well, the noodles were ideal ramen chewiness, IMO. Too bad it only came with shiitake mushrooms and no meat! Overall, a really lovely experience and I'll be back next time NY calls for my heart again!
So very tasty. I love noodle bars in general but this place was YUMMY! It has had a wonderful intimate vibe with an open kitchen, which is my favorite setting. Definitely not your typical noodle joint, can't wait to check out all of the rest of the momofuku restaurants. Will most definitely be back.
The only thing worth getting here is the ramen -- the noodles are perfectly cooked with just the perfect amount of give and tooth.  Is it, however, worth the 1000% RDA of sodium that comes with it, the 60 minute wait, the funky smell that permeates your clothes, the headache the next AM from the aforementioned salt, or last but not least the amazingly bitchy hostess?? I say no. And no to the pork buns, too.
This place was delicious! The pork belly was amazing and mostly because of the buns!  We also had the ham appetizer with the red-eye sauce that is this strange combination of coffee and mustard. I wanted to just eat that sauce with a spoon it was so friggin good. The drink selection was a bit overwhelming which I was very pleased about. It seemed that there was something for every mood and flavor. The only minuscule complaint I had was the ambiance was very cafeteria inside and kinda loud. I went for a date and we sat at the bar which is pretty intimate, but still like an echo chamber in there. It didn't take away from the food, but if I am looking for a quiet place, I probably won't go here. But the food we had was great!
I've had better ramen in LA, but still, pretty good. Stopped in here on a cold day in NYC. We were craving some good ramen, and as the other momfukus are impossible to get into, we stopped in the noodle bar. Ordered the pork belly buns first. My friend and fellow yelper, Lily P., said it best- you expect more than what you get. Nonetheless, it was still good. We also ordered some roasted rice cakes- it was pretty much Korean duk. Spicy good rice cakes. My friends ordered the momofuku ramen and they liked it. I ordered the brisket ramen, and that was pretty solid too- a good amount of meat and noodle ratio. The quality of the noodles were alright- the broth was good, but yeah, wished the quality of the noodles was a bit better. Nonetheless, a cool little place to stop in for that ramen fix. :)
It was good..... Why can't I find authentic ramen in NYC?! I keep striking out! This place was good. Pork buns were great, brisket was even better. However... It wasn't nikuman! It's a nice spin off of Japanese food, but it's not authentic. Just so you all know. I won't come here again. Off to look for the real stuff.
I had the momofuku ramen, which wasn't bad. I know it's not intended to be authentic  ramen, but it was too simple and clean for my taste. There's something about the greasy, cloudy brothed, Ippudo style ramen I like more. The poached egg was a nice touch, though. The highlight of the meal was my dessert, the White Miso Pudding. At the first taste, it seemed extremely salty. Then at the second taste it was way too sweet. It gets confusing from there. Whatever it was, it was very addicting.
the pork buns are THAT good -- when i think about david chang's pork buns, i imagine a yellow aura gleaming around a pillowy and juicy bun. the opening of the bun talks to me and says, "I AM YUMMY!" -- yeah the pork bun drives me to a certain kind of insanity. looking back on our lunch, i wish we had just ordered every kind of bun available. freshly made bun and tasty-tasty-tasty pork belly was amazing. next time, i'll try the vegetarian or chicken. we secured a table by booking the fried chicken lunch. there were four of us and one baby, so clearly, we were eating fried chicken as a midnight snack for the next few days. from the looks of it, the rezzies were not completely necessary, so just swoop into noodle bar a little bit before the noon lunch rush, and you should be able to get a table just fine. thank you props for accommodating our 18 month old friend with rice and baby-friendly yummies. the chicken? it was absolutely gourmet and deep-friend (or triple deep-fried) to perfection. did it blow me away? not really. but it was nice to have the variety of a southern buttermilk fried whole chicken and korean style triple-fried whole chicken. the noodles, you ask? the homemade noodles were delicious and the broth was tasty as can be. not my favorite bowl of ramen in new york (i still like ippudo), but i would go back for the ramen. and if it wasn't already clear, i would go to any of david chang's establishments to get me a pork bun. oink oink.
i had the momofuku ramen and my friends had the chilled spicy noodle. the chilled spicy noodle was good (delicious with the cashew nuts), but hellza spicy!  we were wiping our noses the whole entire time, pause a bit to cool our tongues off, then continue beating ourselves up with conflicting senses of pain and happiness. the momofuku ramen had chewy and yummy noodles, but nothing too memorable. they do give, however, big big portions :)
I was really looking forward to coming here for awhile but it definitely didn't live up to my expectations.  We were quickly seated during lunch which was surprising as there was over an hour wait the last time I tried to come.  I started off with the pork buns which were pretty good.  It had 2 big slices of pork belly meat with hoisin sauce and cucumbers but I didn't feel like it was anything different from what I made at home using the momofuku cookbook.  The momofuku ramen was disappointing.  The ramen was slightly undercooked and the broth was very salty.  I think I've had alot better ramen in some of the lesser known ramen places in nyc and for less than $16.  The seating here is also really tight and most of the seats are at the bar or you will be sharing tables with strangers unless you are lucky to snag the couple tables that can seat 4.  Overall, I don't think I would come back here again but I'd like to try out the other momofuku restaurants.
Came here today and had the pork buns and momofuku ramen. I love pork belly and I love ramen, but this has got to be the worst restaurant ramen I've ever had. Bland and unimpressive, soft noodles on the border of mushy, stale pork belly and flat broth with a pretty poached egg (that any sous vide oven can easily produce). I've had instant ramen from Japan (ie myojo ippei-chan shoyu ramen) that tasted much better, and with better noodle texture too to boot. The pork buns were fine but nothing special. And the pricing is immaterial- I wouldn't come back even if paid to.
David Chang, You know how to make some good noodle soup and that white thingy with the pork inside of it. Sincerely, Derek N.
At 7:30pm on a Saturday, there was an hour wait. So we put our names in, then got the hubby a great haircut down the street at On the Mark. Back at 8:00, we stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the crowd in the lobby craning our necks and waiting for our names to be called. The crowd had thinned by 8:30, and we actually got to sit on the only two stools in the lobby. The hostess came over and pretty much asked who we were. I told her, "Ina for 2." Turns out that she hadn't copied down our names when she rewrote the list on a cleaner piece of paper. Yikes! She was really apologetic, and it turned out that, based on the old list, it was our turn to be seated. No harm, no foul. Eating here is quite an ordeal. From the moment you're seated until the moment you leave, there's a lot of pressure to be quick. Our server showed up literally 10 seconds after we were seated asking if we had any questions about the menu. Everything -- our delicious raw striped bass appetizer, beer, lychee soju smoothie, Momofuku ramen and soft-serve dessert -- was brought out lightning quick. It is pretty nice after having waited for the table, but there's an element of the dining experienced that's definitely lacking here, though. Now the food. The ramen ($15?) was pretty good. I liked the poached egg and the texture of the noodles. The broth wasn't too oily, and the pork belly was beautifully fatty, as it should be! As the signature ramen dish, I thought this was pretty solid, though nothing earth-shattering. I liked it well enough, but it helped to have some other dishes that were pretty great. The striped bass appetizer ($15) came in hefty, sashimi-like cubes. Bits of apples and chestnuts gave a nice contrast in flavor and texture, and the balsamic-y sauce held it all together nicely. Very fresh. I got a small soju smoothie - the lychee flavor ($5). I liked how you could definitely taste the alcohol and the lychee, but neither was too overpowering. To close our meal, I was so glad we went with the soft serve. They offered brown butter cake and pineapple, or a twist of both. Of course we got the twist, and it was a beautiful thing. A tiny little bowl, but it was just enough to clean our palates. So the big question is: was it worth it the wait? I think the answer is, as it is for too many other restaurants in the city: It's definitely worth going at least once, even if there is a wait. Put your names in, then kill some time somewhere else. I don't imagine we'll be back on our own.
is this place a joke?  Momofuku is the Zoolander or ramen places.  I am struggling to type this because I had severe food poisoning after eating here!!!  Thought it was just me, nope my dining partner has it as well!!!!  we both ordered the Momofuku ramen and are both violently ill. The ramen was deplorable, I can get more authentic ramen gnawing on an uncooked 50 cent instant noodle pack.  You call that broth?  Tasted and looked exactly like cheap soy sauce and water.  First off, the noodles were LUKEWARM, like washing a baby's bum temperature.  Then on to the poached egg, COLD, I didn't even know that was culinarily possible. The entire "broth" tasted like bitter vegetables, threw everything off.  The pork was a dried out giant piece of inedible pork.  The only thing that was good was the pork shoulder.   Also, everyone here was white, not a single Asian to be seen!!  Am I in the middle of Wisconsin?  Looked like a frat house in here, who are these people kidding?  Have they no idea what real ramen is supposed to taste like?  STAY AWAY!!  Ps the price blows, $16?  I'd rather wait 5 hours in line at Ippudo.
I've had ramen from Japan and from Northern/Southern California. I honestly think that this place is overrated and not "the best ramen bowl ever" as some people say. The Momofuku ramen is good, but nowhere nearly as good as places like Shin Sen Gumi in SoCal. Was the Momofuku ramen worth the 1 hour wait? Possibly. Were the Slushie drinks good? Yes. Would I come back? No. The service was great, however, and the vibe was chill. I would say that this is a gem in New York. I want to try Ippudo NY someday when I'm back in town.
Two words: pork buns.  This in itself should be the best reason to come here.  The best pork buns in NYC for sure.
Getting a meal as a gift is about the food and the experience. I had heard a lot about Momofuku and just about all of it is true. It is a small space that remains crowded. The size of the restaurant is underlined by small tables flanked by chairs without backs. $16 may be more than you're hoping to spend on noodle soup. It all sounds so negative, and you'd think I'd only give it four stars because of that, but for the food... The pork buns are amazing with pork butt folded into some of the softest dough ever with spicy and crunchy cucumbers. The noodles in your ramen will kick your Maruchan, 99cent, salt-in-a-packet lunch out the window. But then there's the chicken. I've eaten what's considered some of the best fried chicken in the country, Gus's of Memphis, and was wary of the fried chicken here. I went with an open mind and mouth and was so pleasantly surprised. When you order the chicken dinner you get two chickens fried two different ways, Korean and Southern buttermilk; the latter being the favorite of our table. I can't and won't compare or will at least try not to as there is room for both, especially since they're in different states. The chicken was so moist, so flavorful, so hot, so... so YES! It is accompanied with pancakes, should you want to eat it moo shu style, and a variety of sauces (skip the hoisin and sriacha and go straight to the jalapeno & garlic or chives and whatever that was). Frankly, I thought all of that got in the way so I didn't even bother. I did contemplate going around the corner to the Milk Bar to try the soft serve since they have more flavors there but finishing a Christmas present with candy cane/mocha ice cream covered in chocolate chip cookie crumbs seemed like the best idea. My advice would be to bring a bunch of friends who also love good fried chicken and chow down. If you do it right you can finish the whole plate. There were five of us and with pork buns, ramen, and potatoes, there were only four pieces of chicken left.
Seasonal pickles are offered as an appetizer, but I could've been satisfied with this as my meal.  This mix of parsnip, radish, celery, cucumbers and cabbage was amazingly good.  The chicken ramen was generous and inexpensive...$10.  Hitachino, the while ale on the drink menu, was palatable, but not my favorite.  By 7pm, it was lively and completely packed with a line squirming from the tiny foyer and spilling into the entryway.  If no tables are available, then sit at the bar.  This way, you could be entertained by the frantic waitstaff trying to keep up with the demanding dinner crowd.
Came in around 7 on a Saturday night, put our names on the list and went for a drink, seated by 8:10ish. Not bad. Hostess was a little snippy (probably understandably) but our server was very nice and accommodating. Seating was very crowded and it was difficult to get out to go to the bathroom though. Food itself- for the price and the buzz, I was expecting something a little more 'WOW' to my meal. Shiitake buns were good (I liked the sauce), but maybe I should have gotten the pork buns since that's what everyone raves about... if I ever come here again I definitely will. Momofuku ramen was unexpectedly HUGE (I could barely finish even half of it), and while I was expecting something fatty, it was a little bit too much so (especially with the inclusion of the fried egg), to the exclusion of other flavors and textures. And there wasn't much actual pork or seaweed in the dish, while I would've liked the (copious) noodles to have a little bit more flavor. Overall- I don't really get the buzz. Food was good but nothing that rocked my socks off. Expensive and crowded. I would come back if someone else were footing the bill again.
We went here Monday for the fried chicken dinner, there were 8 of us and though these reservations are hard to get initially, it was very easy getting in and getting seated at a nice long table with lots of room once we got there. The chicken dinner consists of two full chickens cooked two ways (buttermilk and Korean style), mu shu pancakes, veggies to make chicken wraps with the pancakes and 4 delicious sauces. It was the perfect amount of food for all of us, I think we all got at least 3 pieces of this amazing chicken. I think we all ordered the pork buns for a starter and I can't say ENOUGH good things about these! The buns themselves are magical and the pork is so tender and flavorful. WOW! The chicken was so delicious and tender, the buttermilk was delicious but I personally couldn't get over the flavor and texture of the Korean style chicken. I put this in a wrap with the veggies and a mix of a few of the yummy sauces and I was one happy diner! I loved the options that they gave you in which to eat the chicken. This is a great way to enjoy Momofuku without dropping a mint. If you max out at 8 people its 12.50 per person (before drinks and apps) and even though we both had drinks and pork buns our total was well within an easy budget. This was also a wonderful time with friends, a great way to share some wonderful food and company, we had an absolute blast! I will be doing this again and I know my fellow diners feel the same!
Check one off the bucket list! Went to the city specifically to eat at Momofuku Noodle Bar and was NOT disappointed! The porkbelly buns were just as amazing as everyone talks about. Fatty, delicious pork with crunchy pickled cucumber, sweet and rich hoisin sauce with perfectly steamed, fluffy buns. $10 for two buns was a good price and great to split between two. Went at 1pm on a Monday afternoon and we were seated immediately. Also got the Summer Pea Shoots appetizer which was incredible! Crunchy pea shoots and greens, sliced jalapeños (without the seeds, so it was more flavorful than spicy), carrots, sesame, soy, kimchi vinaigrette (SO good), and asian pear (perfectly cut through the spiciness, adding a sweet contrast. Appetizer was $6 and was really yummy with the pork buns too. The ramen was deliciously salty with rich while still being light. The pork shoulder and scallions were great and the poached egg and nori added great richness to the dish. Was far too full to get dessert, but it all looked incredible! Wine list was well thought out and I was very happy to see that they had San Pellegrino Grapefruit! My favorite, and such a palate cleanser for all of the food! Loved it and will definitely be back in the future!
Did the large format here. Great fried chicken. Served two styles - Southern and Korean. We all split a bowl of ramen, which of course was tasty. Also, you can get a 3L box of Rhone, which is nice. Maybe not the best accompaniment to the fried chicken but it was reasonably priced.
It has been a little while since I hit up noodle bar for the first time, but I remember the meal clear as day. 1. The pork buns are the best thing that exists on earth. They are seriously incredible. 2. The ramen is good, but it really is overrated and not the best Ramen in Manhattan. Considering the price, which must be dropping bags of money on David Chang, it better be really really good. While it is great and the pork belly is too, it is not as good as other spots. 3. The lines make it really difficult to come here unless you come at an off hour or by yourself. 4. I'd go back if other wanted to check it out, but probably not again on my own. David Chang does a lot of great things at his other restaurants and still has great food at the noodle bar, but I'd sooner hit up those places than this one.
Food: Pork Buns: It was good. fatty pork was perfectly cooked. But as a Chinese, this dish didn't surprise me a lot as I have ate lots of pork buns. It needs a bit more kicks on flavor. Momofuku Ramen: not worth $16. Noodle and poached egg were cooked right, but soup was lukewarm and tasteless.   Service: Our waitress was attentive, but she tried to take away every plate right after we swallowed our last bite. It turned out to be a nervous dinner... Overall, the food and ambiance are ok here. But nothing was really surprising. Overrated and overpriced indeed.
I tried really hard to like this place but I thought it was just so-so. Call me a cheapo if you'd like, but my group of 5 spent ~$170 (including tax and tip) on lunch and we were still hungry after. I do feel that this place is over priced with small portion sizes. It was extremely difficult to appreciate the charred octopus salad (I believe $18) when it consisted of only 1-2 bites per person. So this restaurant isn't quite good for groups, you might be better off with 2-3 people here. We also ordered all 3 tamales that they had for the day. I didn't find the flavor of the tamales to be interesting or innovative. The star of the show should have been the ramen. It wasn't bad but it wasn't memorable. The best one of all that we ordered was the oxtail, which was part of the prix fix special. The oxtail was very tender and flavorful but I do wish they gave us more than 2 pieces in there. Everyone raves about the pork buns but they were EXTREMELY oily. Granted, the fat content of the pork belly is high but the whole thing was just difficult to eat and stomach with all the fat dripping down my hand. But the beef brisket buns (part of the prix fix which changes regularly) were amazing! Thick slabs of brisket paired with crunchy pickled veggies. Definitely the best part of my entire meal. The soju slushies were very good but for $5 you get a tiny cup fit for a baby :[ Another gripe: since it was very busy, the wait staff was not very attentive. It was difficult to flag the girl down for more water but she was very quick to give us the check even though one person in the party was still finishing their noodles. I had high expectations for this place, maybe a bit too high. Well, at least I can say I tried Momofuku Noodle Bar but I don't think I'll be returning in the future.
Momofuku Noodle Bar was okay. Just okay. We were lucky to not have to wait for a table and were able to sit down at the edge of the bar. The special of the day, the Long Island Fluke, was delicious. However, the Momofuku Ramen was really just okay. The broth was lukewarm and not that flavorful. You can get a much better bowl of Ramen for $6 less over on 5th and B at Minca. Unfortunately, I feel like Momofuku Noodle Bar is overhyped and doesn't deliver on that hype.
The guitars are raging like an engine of a Harley Davidson, the bass is so heavy that I think an earthquake is here,the drums are like a punch in the face, and then everything stops!! My friend Ola blurts out " We need noodles"! Then it was Mikael's turn..." We need SAKE"! I was starting to get the hint here. Before I could say anything , Roland puts his two cents in says " I have just the place and it's not far at all". After one more round of a Harley,an earthquake,and a punch, we are out the door! We arrive at a nice little place on first avenue called Momofuku. try saying that ten times fast! I dare ya! This place is just what we needed to take our minds off a stressful day. A big bowl of noodles and a glass of chilled sake. The menu is not huge but everything looked appetizing. Roland decided on the fried veal sweetbread. For Mikael it was the Bibim Gooksu ( a savory dish of Somen noodles, fried egg, and kimchi). Ola is taking his time. I just couldn't decided. While the waiter was getting impatient, I chose the Momofuku Ramen. A hearty choice that consisted of noodles, pork, and an egg. Who cares about cholesterol? Bl eh... Roland looks up at Ola and cries out " hurry it up you bum"! He finally closes his eyes and points to the Miso Ramen. " Good Choice" says Mikael. Like he knows.....please! Before the waiter leaves, I put in an order for the grilled octopus salad and pork Bao. We are all hungry and have a long night ahead of us. Now, we are going to have a hard decision to make. How much sake should we get? Too little and these guys are gonna whine. Too much and our night will be shot to hell! The four of us start of with a bottle of Masumi Yamahai Ginjo. Since Ola likes the unfiltered stuff ( yuck!) , we got a bottle of Nigori Sho Chiku Bai . He can drink that all by himself. When the food came, we decided to share it. Everybody got a taste of something. The Somen noodles were great while the octopus salad was just alright. I didn't get any of the Miso Ramen because Ola sucked it down so fast. That was something to watch. The sake was really good. The bad part was that it put the idea in the guys heads that we should go out tonight to a sake bar. The hangover is going to be brutal....
I didn't think it was up to its hype. The ramen was just ok, the broth is not as rich as other that i've tried. The other dishes was not bad, but it just lacked the wow factor that the top new york restaurants have.
I wasn't really impressed with this place. Maybe I thought it would live up to the hype but it didn't. The pork buns I must were delicious; however I'm going to have to agree with other yelpers, the Momofuku ramen wasn't all that. I've had a lot better for a much reasonable price. The soup was bland and lacked substance, no flavor there really. If I ever come back here, it would be for the pork buns only. Service was ok, nothing to write home about. I guess I'm just not a fan of this place so my review is more like 2.5 starts
Thought I get a chance to swing by and try David Chang's restaurant. This guy does know a thing or two about ramen so I am in good hands. or I thought. I think overall the soup was super salty and was just A-OK. Great space and atmosphere to serve ramen though.
This place might be overrated, but it's only because there is a mountain of hype surrounding everything Momofuku. Strip that away and what you have is a solid ramen restaurant that does everything well, just not amazing. I don't know if Momofuku still has the best pork buns, but this place is the reason for the whole pork bun craze in the first place and that's worth appreciating. My last time visiting, the pork buns were still better than Ippudo's. The ramen however, is a step below. I thought the noodles at Momofuku were slightly better cooked, but their broth had less depth. Still, it's a more than decent bowl of ramen and worth a visit every once in a while.
Pork buns, pork buns, shiitake buns, brisket buns, but always back to the best...pork buns! If you like spicy and I mean fire in your mouth, try the spicy noodles, but you've been warned!! Love sitting in front of the open kitchen watching the make masterpieces. How they handle the soft warm fluffy bun and carefully layer the sauce, onions, & pork belly. I totally watch cartoon style with hearts flowing from my eyes and drool from my mouth. Probably making them feel ridiculously uncomfortable. But then again, I can't be the only one doing that. No shame here!
I went in on a Saturday afternoon and there was no wait.  I got the Lunch Prix Fixe, which included Ham Buns, Pork Belly Ramen with Nori noodles, XO broth, and Napa cabbage, and Coconut Tangerine Cake Truffles for dessert. My party ordered the regular Pork Buns and Momofuku Ramen. The original pork buns were better than the ham buns. There's something about Bossam meat that makes everything taste better. My only reservation was the amount of oil that was dripping from the pork. They should've used a towel to soak out the oil during the boiling process. In any case, the bun dishes were delicious as always. As for the noodles, Pork Belly Ramen was a bit more flavorful than the regular Momofuku ramen. I have no complaints on both, but it was nothing special. Coconut Tangerine Cake Truffles were also very mediocre. BTW, convo I had with our stupid waitress: Me: "Is the Pork Belly Ramen a lot different than the Momofuku Ramen?" W: "Yes. It's totally different." Me: "Okay. So how different?" W: "They are just totally different. They are just totally different noodles and broth." Me: "I get that. So what's the difference?" W: "It's just different broth and noodles." Me: (...silence) W: "well, (then finally talks about the XO broth. But she didn't know what that was) Wth? They need to train their workers better.
I had a good time here and the food was excellent. Brisket bun was tender and tasty and the Spicy Miso Ramen was excellently spiced with the noodles perfectly cooked. You want to drink the bowl at the end. DO IT! I definitely want to come back for the fried chicken meal because we saw a few tables with it and it looks scrumptious. As for the wait, you are in an area where there are enough bars to hang out and they text you when a spot is ready. Nice.
Not the most amazing ramen I've had in the city but pretty damn filling. Just enough to hit the spot. Plus they do not skim out on the pork in the ramen (which melts in your mouth!). Instead of pork buns, I had the shiitake mushroom buns which were salty and yummy! Momofuku Ramen - $16 Shiitake Mushroom Buns - $9 Root Beer - $3 Pretty pricey for a lunch but hey it hits the spot. Place gets crowded pretty fast and they won't seat you unless your entire party is there. Not a good spot for a date since it's so damn loud. I don't understand what the point of blasting loud music is since everyone's screaming over it.
This place is too overpriced for their food. People tend to pay so willingly and happily because they just fall into the trend. Look, I always finish my ramen when dining out. I even finish OK ramen simply because I LOVE RAMEN. But Momofuku, my ramen was not cheap, and I stopped after consuming 1/3 my bowl. Thank you David Chang for starting this huge ramen and pork belly craze, but your pork belly aint all that either. You're not bad, but far from good.
waiting in line= stupid. waiting in line w/ 20+ people in a crammed space= stupid. communal tables + bar= stupid. sitting in a really awkward position on stools= stupid. wait for food= stupid. servers= stupid. ramen= stupid. pork buns= the only decent thing on the menu. kimchi soup= the most disgusting piece of sh*t i've ever put in my mouth that someone has EVER labeled as Korean food. oh yeah, and STUPID for being on the menu. how the hell is kimchi stew SWEET?! could someone PLEASE answer that question for me? the oxtail was the best part of the whole thing. the broth, the kimchi, the rice cake, etc... all FILLERS for a great Korean soup gone terribly wrong. furthermore, how could anyone with even an inkling of Korean blood in them claim that this is good? OMG- peoples are smokin' some major crizzack. i read the hype, i saw the lines, i heard all the rage from all my American friends (see, i should have known RIGHT THERE i would be disappointed) and studied reviews from Yelp and all over the internet. i'm truly and utterly disgusted. yes, i've tried their ramen. ICK. some people swear it's the best ramen in NYC! i'm going APE SH*T over here... reading these claims! the noodles are flat, soggy and LAME! $10 for ramen? hailz to the no. yes, i've tried the brussel sprouts. i could make that sh*t in my own kitchen stadium. yes, i've had the stupid ice cream and again... i'm seriously contemplating if most of ya'll are under some evil spell of the Peach (momofuku's logo) or the HOT servers. ours reminded me of an All-American Frat Boy. *sigh.... hold up- i think i only saw ONE Asian employee in the whole joint. is that weird?!
Wasn't too impressed....maybe it was the 45 min wait for just one order of pork buns. It was good. Didn't like the environment...the pork buns at Bon Chon/Ippudo are just as good.
Okay I guess if you're in the area.  Prices were steep for ramen and there wasn't much variety.   The miso ramen with smoked chicken was quite nice but I just wouldn't go out of my way to come here.  Also no hot tea.  How can an Asian noodle place have no hot tea?
buns were tasty, the chicken wings looked really yummy.  soy sauce egg was interesting. There was not as long a wait as we expected (they don't take reservations). This place was fine, and I really enjoyed their interesting soft serve ice cream, but Ipuddo ramen restaurant has far superior chicken buns and ramen soups in my opinion....
Best ramen I've ever had and it's not even close. Not that I'm any kind of expert when it comes to a bowl of ramen, but I've had plenty and every time I feel overly heavy and lethargic afterwards. Not here! Even after watching Mind of a Chef with Chang, I wasn't all that interested in trying out his ramen. Sure, it sounded fantastic, but that could've been all magic television editing and what not. Regardless, we were hoofing it all day throughout the city and were in the area and decided why not give it a shot? Upon entering, the space feels very clean and welcoming. We had a choice of sitting at the bar (which my girl hates) or sitting at a communal table with others (give me the bar any time!). Sitting at the bar is often less than intimate, since it feels like the employee is always in your face or in the near vicinity keeping tabs on what is going on. Not here. Our server was incredibly friendly and laid back. He checked back a few times, but for the most part, let us enjoy our meal in peace. We both ordered bowls of ramen for $16 each and I ordered a glass of the Singlecut beersmith 'jan olympic white lagrrr' (queens, ny) for $8. Beer goes well with anything and surely hit the spot here. As for the ramen, I really loved the broth here. Tasted nothing like I've had before; incredibly smoky and aromatic with quality ingredients throughout. Crisp and fresh veggies and the pork belly and shoulder were both deliciously tender. The noodles were stringy and had wonderful texture. Pretty damn close to heaven in a bowl. Really love this place, but it has risen my standards too high. My last two visits to two highly regarded Bay Area ramen places were a complete and utter letdown. Sure, the ramen here is twice as expensive as most bowls, but it's at least five times better than any other version I've had. Quality really shines through here!
I love this place. Great Pork buns!, Great Shitake Buns!, Great Chicken Ramen Noodles! These dishes are Great and a Great Value! I'm not a fan of the Momofuku Ramen Noodel bowl but its not bad, just not great.
We went there for the fried chicken extravaganza, and it was great. David Chang says he has developed a unique method of cooking the chicken where he steams it first then deep fries it so it is not overly oily. You get two chickens--one Korean style, one with buttermilk southern style batter. That unexpected yet familiar spice in the southern style? It's Old Bay Seasoning. The unique cooking method makes the skin fuse to the flesh instead of peeling off as it usually does. This makes eating even more messy than you might expect. There are myriad dipping sauces, lettuce leaves and veggies if you want to make your own ssam-style tacos, and moo shu style pancakes if that's your speed. Regardless you will end up happier and greasier than a pig in a garbage pit. We were seated at the bench just next to the wall in the middle of the place which knocks it down a star. The place was so unbelievably acoustically live that we could not hear each other two feet away. On the other hand, we got a great earful from the ladies at the next table who managed to elevate their decibel levels above the din so they could share their summer plans with the world. Ladies who were there at 2 pm on 4/10, hope you enjoy your cruise.
I've been here twice, and loved it both times. Haven't broadened my horizons much, as once I find something that blows me away, it's hard to pass it by for something unknown the next time, and it's not like I'm in NYC more than once a year or so. The pickled appetizer, steamed buns and chicken wings were fantastic. My first time, my wife had the momofuku ramen and I had the kimchi stew. We thought both were out of this world. My next time back I went the kimchi route again, but don't remember what my guests had and I didn't ask to sample their dishes, for reasons unknown. It should be noted that I was there for lunch both times, so it was easy to walk in and be seated, and maybe the food was better because there was no real rush. Personally, though I prefer the type of music they play, it's just too darn loud... in other restaurants, you the diner are the guest. Here, it seems like you were invited to a party only because you knew someone else; you don't really feel like the cooks are there to 'serve' you. But I'm OK with that as long as the music isn't obnoxious and the food is worth the price. Two times so far, it has been.
Although I came here in quick a drunken state the other night, I think I remember enough to comment on the Noodle Bar. After a group of us found that Ssam Bar was a long wait, we trotted over here and got a seat right away, even though it was quite crowded. That said, the hastiness of sitting down did not make up for the disappointing nature of the ramen. I got the basic - nothing special - and found the noodles to be overcooked, and the broth to be on the worse end of the various ramen spots that I've sampled. If anything the broth has a hint of seafood flavoring that made me dislike Setagaya's ramen quite a bit as well. For $16, you're paying too much for a standard-sized bowl that is not memorable at all. I give the restaurant back 1 star because the pork buns here (just as at Ssam Bar) are fantastic, but the ramen was nothing near what I expected for a place with a great reputation. It'll always get traffic because of the name, but it's definitely not the best of the restaurants with the Momofuku name on it...save your money and get cheaper / better ramen elsewhere, or spend the money at Ssam instead.
A friend took us here our first night in the city and I became instantly obsessed. We went here again tonight and it was just as good as I remember! I got the ginger scallion noodles with extra noodles and my hubs got the momofuku ramen...we were both very happy with our choices. My husband has places he loves in LA as well, but none of them are as veg-friendly as here so I'm in heaven!
But soft! What taste through yonder my tongue tastes? It is the ramen, and David Chang is the sun. Arise, fair noodles, and kill the envious pork buns, Who are already sick and pale with grief, That thou her chicken wings art far more fair than she: Be not her nugget potatoes, since she is envious; Her pear salad is but delicious and green And none but fools do wear it; cast it off. It is my ramen, O, it is my love! O, that she knew she were! She speaks yet she says nothing: what of that? Her braised pork discourses; I will answer it. I am too bold, 'tis not to me she speaks: Two of the the most delicious stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return. What if her pork shoulders were there, they in her head? The brightness of her noodles would shame those stars, As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night. See, how she leans her poached egg upon her ramen! O, that I were a chopstick upon those noodles, That I might touch that ramen!
We came here for lunch to try out the ramen. The ramen was too salty for my likes (I must admit I prefer the thicker tonkotsu, pork bone, broth). Luckily, the pork buns and desserts are worth the trip. I'm not one for fat-layered meat, but an occasional momofuku pork bun makes a great treat, as does the cake truffles we had for dessert.
Everyone loves the pork buns here but since I'm not a big fan of pork belly I didnt enjoy them as much. But I had the chilled spicy noodles and they were pretty great. They were not really sichuan-spiced though. The waiter warned me about how it was really really spicy, but I didn't think it was spicy at all. it was WEAK! but still yummy so I'm not hatin' The wait was sort of long and the waiting area was packed. We sat at the bar and not at a table which made it hard to have a nice conversation with everyone.
utterly amazing!  everything i've ever ordered has been perfection.  i heart the cool spicy noodle bowl, shiitake mushroom tacos and kimchi potatoes.  the cool spicy noodles are hot but coupled with a lychee soju you're smooth sailing  =)  get there btw 530-630 cause it gets packed fast!
I don't get it! I've been here twice and the food was overwhelmingly salty and far from tasty. The first we arrived was for the fried chicken dinner. Our friends were all super excited to enjoy fried chicken two ways that night: Korean and Buttermilk. However, the portions yield less than meaty pieces and the food overall was not as fun as we thought it would be. Luckily, I was in good company and had a good time despite the average food. Then on the second visit, I went here with my bestie from California. She and I both tried the ramen and were immediately shocked at the salty broth. I think it might have been an off-night for them, but it was pretty bad. Unfortunately, both experiences along with the massive wait outside will keep me at bay and it's really unlikely I'd go back or recommend it to others.
I put Momofuku Noodle Bar in the same category as nearby Rai Rai Ken (and probably dozens of other similar places).  Ramen is well executed.  Buns of course fantastic.  The difference here is how popular the franchise has become which has two funny side effects - one is it creates a bit of attitude from the staff and two is the fanatics fill the place up.  Worth trying to see what the fuss is about.
Crowded, expensive, and salty as hell.  It's ramen folks, not nuclear fission.  Maybe I came on a bad night, maybe the noodle chef was having an emotional breakdown that evening and couldn't produce his best work.  The only saving grace were the pork buns, but still not the best I've never had.  We waited almost 45 minutes before getting seated, meanwhile chugging down overpriced $11 beers. For a place that specializes in noodles, there's little excuse for such sub-par ramen.  I went with the Momofuku Ramen -- it was extremely salty, soggy and overrated; I'm not opposed to paying for good noodles, but this was quite a frustrating experience.  It's my hope that this place isn't just riding on the coattails of it's trendy reputation and think they can get away with producing poor quality noodles while claiming to be a noodle shop and still expecting return customers. My main concern? That this place is using a clever marketing ploy to appeal to those who don't know what real ramen should taste like.  Don't make me say it folks, but Asian food can easily be disguised as 'delicious' for anyone who hasn't had authentic versions. Take a 15 minute walk over to Ippudo -- the wait's just as long but at it'll at least be worth waiting for.
After seeing this place mentioned in GQ a couple of times and couple of mentions from friends, I ventured out to try this place. The place was packed. It was very uncomfortable to sit there, but as long as the food was great, I'm willing to sacrifice. The decor is very plain with wood all over, but veryu modern. Looking at the menu, it was Asian fusion and definitely overpriced. They have pork wrapped in buns similar with the Peking duck and buns dish at Chinese wedding banquets costing $9 for 2. That is ridiculous. Yes supposedly it's gourmet and all, but you can get 1 for like a buck in Chinatown/Flushing. I ordered the ramen with the combination pork and the chicken wings. The wings were spicy with this great smokey flavor to go with the Asian flavor. I recommend this dish. It's worth the price. Next came the ramen ... I admit the the ingredients were good and the pork is tender but the broth is way too salty. Was this an off day? For the price I am paying, I'd rather go to a regular Japanese restaraunt. Now I'm hesitant to try the Chef David Chang's other restaraunt, Momofuku Ssam. I guess it's worth a visit to see what the hype is about. Yes, the place is more hip and modern, but if you like sitting on a cramped stool with thighs clamped together while you eat on your salty, overpriced ramen, be my guest.
Came here on Saturday with my boyfriend, sister, and her boyfriend because the wait at Ippudo was 2 hours (wanted to bring my sister and her boyfriend to Ippudo since they were visiting from out of town and saw it on the Food Network and wanted to come). We walked in and there was no wait! The seating was overly cramped and there was an annoying patron sitting at our table who refused to scoot in a bit or acknowledge that anyone was trying to squeeze pass him and into their seat. I had heard a lot of great things about Momofuku and so was expecting great ramen. The ambience here is nothing compared to Ipuddo. The ramen here (only one option for ramen) was pretty bland. I didn't like the way the egg was cooked. The broth was just OK, kind of tasteless, pretty bland that I was left squeezing hot sauce onto each spoonful of noodle. The only thing that I really liked was the pork belly buns which were much better than the pork buns at Ippudo. Unfortunately, I probably would not come back again.
This past weekend, I went here with my husband and friends for what we thought would be a delightful ramen and chicken dinner. Another of our friends has been telling us about Noodle Bar for years, and we were all so excited to try the food (I am a big fan of Milk Bar).  As we walked in for our reservation, the place was buzzing, which we took to be a good sign, and it is most unfortunate how incorrect we were in our assumption. As soon as we sat down, it was evident that something was off. Our waitress not only paid us as little attention as is possible, but when we asked her for refills or where our food was she was downright rude to us. Two of us got ramen, the momofuku ramen and the ginger scallion noodles; one of us got the sausage buns to share. The ramen tasted incredibly oily and was far too salty without any deep flavor; neither of us could eat more than half our bowl. I watched the chef make other orders of ramen and it was evident that he was carelessly doing his job. In fact, the entire staff (with the exception of the busboy, who worked harder than everyone combined) was rather aloof, more interested in chatting with each other and checking their phones than providing good service. The buns reminded me of glorified spam and were also very salty, but were arguably the best thing that we ate. We were somewhat disappointed, but we still looked forward to the chicken, which did came out in a timely manner (the busboy brought it to us, as our waitress was nowhere to be seen). The presentation was good, and it was nice that it came with the four sauces, mu shu pancakes, lettuce and fresh vegetables. I took a nice big piece of chicken and started eating it, but from the first bite I could tell that something was seriously wrong. One expects fried chicken to have a light, golden crust that is crunchy and flavorful, but this fried chicken had a thick, dark crust that adhered to the chicken. It was so spicy that I could barely take two bites out of it, so I just ate the inside part, which, to its credit, was rather moist. I then decided to try the Korean chicken, which was also incredibly spicy and not appetizing in the least. One of my friends only had two pieces of chicken before stopping, and I barely ate one whole piece myself. My husband started complaining that he felt nauseous a few minutes after he stopped eating; he's a fried chicken connoisseur and only had several pieces, which is definitely a red flag. We asked for the check, and the waitress finally made her way over. More than half of the chicken was still in the middle of the table, and she asked if we wanted to take it home. We told her no, and she rolled her eyes and audibly sighed; some other members of the staff gathered around and one of them asked us again if we wanted to take anything home. We replied no, and the general consensus seemed to be that we were crazy for not electing to bring home the chicken. The manager came over and asked us what the problem was, and we told them what happened, and they too seemed to not believe us when we insisted that there were problems with the entire meal, although once it was clear to them they told us that they were going to tell the chef and see what happened. We left and two of our party started complaining about stomach pains and nausea. When I got home, I started to feel ill and threw up. The last member of our party also threw up, and started running a fever the next morning. We were all in terrible discomfort the next day (I will spare the grisly details). Going to Momofuku Noodle Bar was a horrible experience. I will still go to Milk Bar, as my experiences there have always been quite pleasant. Given how high my expectations were for Noodle Bar, I was incredibly disappointed and will be telling everyone I know not to frequent this establishment.
Loved the food especially the pork buns and the desserts.  The ramen was good but it's definitely not worth waiting an hour and a half for.  I really loved the desserts!  Had the captain crunch truffle and lucky charms soft serve ice cream!  Loved the concept of the desserts and I was surprised at how much I loved both!  I would go back if I didn't have to wait in line.
one word - TERRIBLE. when david chang says he makes "crappy Pan-Asian ramen made for round-eyes," he means it - emphasis on the crappy.  i have had the momofuku ramen before and it was eh...ok.  but last night i had the brisket ramen and it was SO terrible i couldn't finish it.  the broth was incredibly salty as were the ginger shoots.  and who would think that dry rubbed BBQ brisket would taste good in a ramen broth?!  let me be clear - IT WASN'T.  i was so excited to try the poached egg b/c it looked perfect!  but sadly...that's where the excitement ended.  the waitress even asked if something was wrong with my meal because i basically left the bowl untouched. the service is great and his pork buns are finger-licking good but i would rather wait the two hours in a freezing cold line at ippudo before contemplating eating here again.
Momofuku was really good, but it's been so hyped-up that it was kind of hard NOT to be slightly let down, wondering, "This is good, but is this it?". We got there later in the evening - probably around 9, and had to wait for about 30 minutes, but ordered beer, so the wait wasn't too bad. It was fun to watch everyone eating and the cooks bustling about in the open kitchen. We got seated at the bar overlooking the kitchen, which was a fun place to sit. It was interesting to see the ramen (and everything else) get made - there's something reassuring about the transparency of an open kitchen like that. We got a variety of things. There was the soy sauce egg, the seven-spice chips (fresh and tasty, though didn't stand out as better than other homemade chips), the kimchi jar (one of my favorite parts - so spicy and mouth-wateringly pickled!), the mushroom side dish (fantastic! a variety of fresh mushrooms, sauteed lightly in a soy-ish sauce with bits of nuts/[or garlic?]), the shiitake buns (very well done, crisp shiitake slices - almost burnt, but paired well with the super-soft, warm buns), the Momofuku ramen (honestly, I had much richer, tastier ramen at Hide-chan Ramen in Midtown East), the chilled spicy noodles (excellent, with yummy ground sausage and candied nuts over the noodles). Needless to say, we were VERY full by the end. It was a great meal. The atmosphere is very hectic, as I said, but I guess that's part of the fun of the place. I think I would go again (the fried chicken definitely sounds fun, as do some of their summer dishes). I appreciate that they list the local farms from which they get all their ingredients. The only downside is with all I'd heard about the place, it just wasn't *quite* as revelatory as I was hoping.
I've been to Momofuku Noodle Bar twice and both experiences weren't great.  Aside from the long wait time, the seating area is uncomfortable, the staff isn't especially friendly and the ramen is way too salty and tastes like something you would get out of a package.  While you will definitely wait longer at Ippudo the ramen is 10x better!
ok... the hyped has been lived up to. The cold spicy noodles blew me away... they are CRAZY spicy, but it was so delicious and addicting that I suffered through it. The pork bun and an egg pork bun special of the day were the best thing I had there. Definitely worth the long line, which happens to move fairly quickly for small parties. The ramen was my only slight disapointment only because it received major rave, and I was expecting to eat the best ramen i've ever had. it was very kahlua pork and cabbage-y to me, which may have been the idea, but I didn't like it that way. the noodles were good but had it been a traditional char-siu / shoyu ramen maybe that would have sat better with me. still, this place gets 5 stars from me because of those damn spicy noodles and the buns.
I would go again. The noodle was good but I had better. Now, the pork bun is out of this world good. I never understood what ppl mean when they describe food using the phaaw "melt in your mouth"... after having this pork bun, where the fatty part, literally MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. OMG YUM.
Maybe I was expecting way too much from this place... And maybe my opinion had been biased to expect a lot because of word of mouth and having gone to Ippudo but... MEH is all I can say to this place. First off, their service was pretty terrible for the "level" of restaurant.  This restaurant is a little pricier than a hole in the wall ramen place in the city, so I would have expected better service.  The restaurant was packed for sure (we came on a Saturday night), but after being seated, we waited TWENTY MINUTES for the server to even take our order.  She took our order the same time as a couple that sat down 20 mins. after us.  Not only that, it took a further 20 mins. to get her attention to get our check.  Atrocious! Now the food.  I absolutely fell in love with the pork buns and ramen at Ippudo.  Because of that, I wanted to give Momofuku's a shot. The pork on the pork buns were tender but lacked flavor.  The sauce was runny and a bit too light to pair well with the bun.  I compare this to Ippudo's pork bun which I believe has the perfect amount of sauce. The Momofuku ramen was OK.  I was expected exceptional ramen, and was a bit disappointed with the ramen I got.  The noodles were a bit chewier than I liked, but the broth was nice.  Honestly, as I live in Jersey, there's better ramen at Mitsuwa marketplace for half the cost. Overall a MEH experience.... Worth it to try it, but I probably won't be come back.
I find Momofuku significantly overrated. Concept, hype and saturated fat seemed to be center stage here with the food simply unable to live up to it's reputation or cost. First, I have a hard time chewing that much fat - the texture and awareness of the implications it could have on your health...well, they are equally distracting. So I found both the pork buns and the pork slices in the ramen pretty hard to swallow. (I see a diss of Ippudo's pork buns by another reviewer and have to proclaim from the highest mountain tops - I don't know how they are made but Ippudo's pork buns are astonishingly good, among the best things I have eaten years! If mayonnaise* has something to do with that, then so be it.) The ramen was tasty and rich but the ingredients lacked synergy - maybe it was the texture of the noodles, maybe the saltiness of the broth. Whatever the reason, magic didn't happen (but, in my experience, it did at Ippudo). I sampled a vegetarian noodle dish that was lighter and much better. Also, I tried the pumpkin horchata, which was presented beautifully in a small glass vial - and it good tasting, but also too rich and kind of unexciting, not unlike a melted milk-shake. We didn't have to wait long to sit after being helped by the spritely hostess but we had to sit on our coats, elbow to elbow with our neighbors at the bar, and lean back and forth for the waitstaff and bathroom traffic. I don't mind any of this, generally, but I really was uncomfortable throughout the experience. At the end of the meal we were given dessert choices which included frozen yogurt in some flavors I can't recall. I requested to taste the yogurt - as I usually do, in the way that is customary for trying things like soup or ice cream. I was told, flat out, "no." So I went home with a bellyache thinking "Well, I tried that" and wondering why I had heard so much about this place. The business cards and menus are sharp - the store is slick and modern looking and cleverly constructed from plywood. The staff seem to know that they are envied. So I'm happy to have participated in something so "of the moment" but I wish I could eat better food while feeling so cool... Also - Momofuku means "lucky peach." *For mayo reference, please see next review of Momofuku
Favored friends! The fantastic, fabulous, famous fried-chicken fiasco is fiercely frolicking towards your fair, fresh faces. I am not felicitating a fugacious foofaraw for foisting some fun. For this is not a forged fanfaronade for faintly fletcherizing some fastidiously fried flesh. Feeling free, festive and want to fulfill a frightful foodie fantasy - fancy flirting with the following non-franchise foundation for a feast (we had ours on Friday)... Get a reservation... let the fun begin... reservations.momofuku.co…
Was very disappointed with my experience here. Came here on a Saturday night -- fortunately my cousin put his name in before he picked me up, so didn't wait that long. Otherwise, I think the wait would have been easily an hour. The pork buns, were ok, the pork was soft, but not a tender, melt in your mouth way. it just kinda fell apart and the sauce was kinda one-dimensional. I ordered the momofuku ramen and it was just salty. The egg was undercooked (even for how eggs are supposed to be undercooked for ramen). None of the other components really stood out.  Should have gone to ippudo. Service was decent; it was very loud, given the crowd.
Sweet sweet hot noodles. Awesome and better on a cold day. Great end to a weekend trip
Had spicy ramen. It was okay. Ordered yuzu slushie, okay. The service was great though! Ordered kimchi jar, good. Salty not as spicy. pork bun was really good!!
Honestly, I don't remember much from my visit to Momofuku Noodle Bar. I remember more about all the restrictions and conditions customers are warned of when gathering intel on their website. They don't allow substitutions and frown on ingredient omissions, you can't order the whole pork butt/ duck/whatever special meat they sell if you're a small party (and even if you come with 4+, you have to make arrangements ahead of time). I think Momofuku has a case of taking itself more seriously than the tourists who visit it do. For me, it's almost an "ain't nobody got time for that" attitude. None of the dishes I tried were mind-blowing. Maybe I'm not a ramen expert, but I am Asian, so I must have an intuition about noodles, and I have to say that bells and whistles weren't going off in my head on the first bite or the last. I give it three stars mostly because of it's continued success and the hype they've managed to maintain all these years. When I asked my mother what restaurants she wanted to try when she visits NYC for the first time this August, she named Momofuku almost instantly. Obviously the legend has managed to prevail even in the absence of true differentiation in the crowded Japanese/Chinese/Fusion restaurant landscape.
I went to Momofuku last night w/ a friend - we waited not even five minutes and were seated.  The staff was so friendly & helpful giving great descriptions of each dish we were unsure of.  My friend and I had the steamed buns w/ shiitake.  Especially good w/ a squirt of sriracha.  I need to go back & get it w/ pork as I hear that is even more amazing.  We also shared the duck - slices of smoked duck breast sat on cinnamon sour cream, picked mustard seeds and a bit of arugula - so flavorful & nicely done.  Then we shared the signature Momofuku Ramen which is the pork combo of pork belly and pork shoulder and a poached egg.  Delicious!  The broth was not too salty - the poached egg and scallions were delicious w/ the noodles & pork.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner at Momofuku Noodle Bar & can't wait to go back!
I had a truly awful time here. Of course the hype was big. I've been hearing about this place for years. It was packed, of course. We were seated at the bar. My boyfriend had been there before and couldn't stop talking about the shrimp buns, I asked if I could have them without the spicy mayo (mayo literally makes me want to vomit), and they said no! "its an integrity of the dish thing"! So, what the customer wants doesn't matter? Later on, a busboy spilled my ramen all over my white silk dress! For real. He apologized, and gave me a ramen bowl filled with warm water. Not what they should have done. I should have had my dry-cleaning paid for, or least part of my meal comped. Nope. They think way too f*ing highly of themselves. The food wasn't even that good. I've honestly never had a worse experience at any restaurant ever.
I'm from Japan.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend their ramen to my friends.  I liked the noodle they used over other ramen places, but I would describe this place the best ramen-fusion place of NYC.  Notice I said "fusion" because it doesn't taste all that authentic. Soup was too salty, not hot enough (ramen in Japan is served hot! not warm) and not complex enough.  It also had a hint of chinese flavoring which felt a little off to me.  My search for authentic ramen in NYC continues! Oh, the service was rough and bumpy.  The dining experience was not very enjoyable.
Well it did not wow us! The pork buns were great! But that was it! The ramen broth had very little flavor. We have had better ramen. It was cramped. The communal dining was very uncomfortable. It is just a scene too much hype for nothing. My rating is based on the fact that David Chang brought back the popularity of ramen. But he has lost touch with us little people because he is building his empire. But I need to add that David Chang is a genius. His places are packed and there is so much hype and he is making a fortune. Good for you David Chang.
Apps were fantastic! It def has more variety of buns and apps compared to Ippudo for example.  We ate more apps than the actual noodle dishes when we were there.  The shrimp buns were very good, actually everything on the appetizers menu was good, reminds me of tapa dishes, and they make all your apps fresh too. Noodles and broth wise, Ippudo still fares better for me.  The broth here was more plain but still a-ok and more on the average end.
Wish this place was a little bigger. The wait went by pretty quick because of the alcoholic slushies. Food was delicious and perfect for sharing if you get a lot of different things. Ramen was filling and lived up to its name. One of the reasons I loved it was because of the name. Come on. Momofuku is just so fun to say.
Wasn't planning to come here, but after liking the pictures my friend posts of this place, meeting her up in Time Square, we quickly cabbed over here to see what the big deal was about. This was not in the plans, and I'm glad that she was going to take us here as to see it first what the big deal was about. Prior to this eating adventure we already had a snack in Korean town, so I would definitely say we weren't hungry, if not a little stuffed, but arriving, and walking up to the doorway the stomach and brain just started to play along with this journey and said "you can eat, I'll trick you to think your hungry again!". When we came in, this place was packed and we were lucky that we got a table, shared, but we were able to sit down and eat. It's just after 5 and this place was busy. We sat on this little jutted out table near the bar area, and you could see everyone that was working here was hustling to serve, whether it was to keep the waters filled, bring food, keep the booze pouring, this place ran like a well oiled machine, no lack of effort here. We were set to order, and I shared one of the signature Momofuku ramen bowls, to share, as said above we did eat prior to this. A recommendation from our good friend that was with us was to order the pork buns on the menu. And we were set, not too much, just enough, and time to table watch what others are sticking down their throats. The one thing that was mentioned, if we had one more 'live hungry body' with us was the fried chicken, our friend spoke of this, and said that after work a bunch of them would order this thing and tear through it like barbarians. As much as I wanted to order this, there was no way 3 people were going to get near finishing this, but I did witness this massive treat come to the table behind us. Even I had to say 'holy f!' that's alot of fried bird, done two styles, with a family of 6, eyes wide open like deer on a highway about to be struck down by a big rig, but at the same time they were ready to attack. The couple sitting next to us on the same table asked about the chicken, and the family let them have a piece... shoot.. maybe I should have asked.... next time I tell you.. next time. (at least I got a picture of this chicken platter) OK, back to our own food, the first that came was a plate, two of them, of the pork buns. It's a simple fluffy sponge steamed bun on the outside, and two nicely sliced pork belly pieces, glistening in the light, with some cucumber slices put on, maybe to add the vegetable balance? Or maybe just to add a crunch instead of having something so soft just enter your mouth while you chew like a baby? Who knows... to satisfy that... 'you should eat your greens' theory. This bun was amazing, as the meat melded with the bun when you bit in, nothing was falling off, or apart, the fattiness was like the soft 'Elmer's' glue that was moist yet wholesome that you wanted to go 'nom nom nom' and keep eating, there was regret now eating a meal prior to this place. I've had my fair share of these 'bao's' and this one was memorable. The ramen came eventually, and due to the stomach getting to levels of 'no more room' we were lucky that we were sharing a bowl. I remember watching lots of youtube program's about David Chang and his obsession of noodles, so I wasn't expecting anything bad, I mean the guy has a few places on this block and they are all busy.... and the bowl was no let down. From the clear, clean soup, to the perfectly cooked al-dente noodles, it was a joy every bite. There was pork in this soup, and the fat was cooked in a little, seeing all the floating bubbles from this chemistry process, you had things like fish cake, bamboo shoots, and onions topping this bowl, and a soft poached egg, that when popped, oozed out like a volcano. And you had two pieces of seaweed, I guess to look the part. This bowl was simple, non complex, you could taste what was in it, and even with our stomachs at maximum level, we were still able to clean out the bowl as the spoon lay there.... empty bowl. I also had a glass of sake with my meal, the service was excellent, and I wish we had a chance to come back. Glad that we were able to go, and when next time in NYC warn me before coming here so I save some appetite to chow-down more.
Bartender is more pretentious than the lovechild of phillipe de montebello and a bearded crappy Greenpoint artist that knows how to knit, is into rooftop gardening, and plays bocce. This bartender is a bossy b!#c@. I live around the corner and have been going to this spot since it first opened. Food is good but portions are small and expensive, things i have always overlooked because it is close to home, open late, and pretty tasty. Walked in there at like 11 pm this evening after a long day at work, sat at the bar and was ready to order. Met the most pretentious man in nyc. Really couldn't stand the pretense of this bartender-- telling me they don't serve ramen and to go to their other location, trying to tell me the order in which i can order my food, how i can have my steak cooked, meanwhile I'm super hungry and he refuses to fire my steak order in case i want an appetizer after all. What an uptight b!t@#. Too bad i didn't have any vicodin for this weirdo. Told him off called him out on his pretentious s@$# and was out of there. No rude and pretentious bi@&# is getting my money, i don't care how good your food is. At least at ippudo they don't front like they are all high and mighty and better than you. momofuku snobs just lost a regular.
Pork buns- get them. Get them now. Period. Cold spicy noodles- if you love spicy food, this is a different take. Cold, I mean ice cold, but slowly hits your mouth like you shouldn't have made that bet to eat a ghost chili. Comes on real slow, but by the end you're on your 3rd tiger beer. Amazing stuff.
Wow this place was amazing. Try the spicy miso chicken soup. Good for the soul!
yes, the pork buns are good and absolutely not worth the $9 price tag.  the ramen is tasty but heavy handed on the salt and msg (major headache for a couple hours).  i've been here a couple of other times and they usually rotate some interesting noodle dishes in/out.  i've always been satisfied but never astounded by any meal ive had here.   would stick to ippudo for the ramen.
For all the hype, it was pretty fabulous! Of course opt for the noodles- I got the special with kale and it was to die for. The portions are huge too. I wouldn't recommend any of the "milk bar" items, not worth the calories. I rate it a 4 because of the seating. Not many places to sit so we had to stay at the bar. Not comfortable and slow service. But, food was good enough to go back again!
Delicious noodles! Ordered the ginger ramen and finished my entire bowl. Just the right amount of food and spice. Also, loved the pickles they served with the ramen - very yummy. A little on the salty side, but I didn't mind. Also nice if you're just stopping in for lunch because they have a bar you can sit at if you're by yourself. Definitely going back!
Came by for lunch on Saturday and while it was busy, it wasn't horrible.  We had a party of 3 and after a short wait of 15 mins we were seated.  The interior has a bar seating section and a few tables.  Overall I'd call it on the smaller, more packed side of things, but it's clean and has a very modern feel. I got the Momofuku Ramen and thought it was just ok.  Decent noodles, broth, and pork, but really nothing that particularly stood out.  My friend didn't care much for the pork actually. Then there's the real reason why I'm a fan...those pork buns.  They are really really good.  A little on the oily side, but that's because there was a good ratio of pork belly fat to meat ratio.  What's that mean?  It means you get a nice rich melt in your mouth to tender meat feeling without the disgusting you're eating fat realization.  Mind tricked, stomach happy. Like most things in NY the price is on the higher side with the ramen being around $16 and the 2 buns being $9.  If I had to come back here I'd probably skip the ramen and save it for some late night pork bun action since they open late with a smaller snack menu.  That menu carries pork buns though so who really cares.
I came here on a Thursday night at about 6:30 pm, and our group of 4 was seated immediately, which surprised me.  Of course, I was nudging elbows with the stranger next to me and had to get up a couple of times to let someone squeeze by me - but that was to be expected. For the appetizer, we got the pork buns - just as many reviewers have said, they were absolutely delicious and drool-worthy.  YUM.   I also ordered the baby beet salad, which I liked but was not blown away by.  My friends got the cured duck salad, which I think was a bit more exciting. I got the chilled spicy noodle bowl, which was SUPER spicy.  The waitress warned us, but I think it was a lot spicier than we anticipated.  I liked the idea - sweet candied cashews and spinach leaves were meant to balance the spicy sausage and noodles - but the sauce on the noodles was overpowering.  My friends (who have a higher tolerance for spice than I do) were also overwhelmed - we kept eating the cheese from the appetizer to help put out the fire in our mouths!  This dish is not for the faint of palette. The chocolate cake with blood orange, hazelnut and mint was fabulous.  It was so unique and balanced - we all shared it and it was gone in about two seconds. I was concerned about the prices because they aren't listed online, but they turned out to be pretty reasonable.  I think the noodle bowls were $12-14, and the bowls were HUGE (impossible to finish).  The appetizers ranged in price, but the pork buns were $10 for two - so $5 per pork bun.  The chocolate cake was $6.  A beer ranged in price, but some were as cheap as $6. The originality of this place makes it worth the trip.
I had a good time at Momofuku Noodle Bar. It was something I had been wanting to try for a while, and I love the group with whom I went. I guess coming from a small town I get my hopes up big time for these "fancy schmancy" dining experiences. I don't even think this actually qualifies under "fancy schmancy" but David Chang's name is attached to it, and all we have in Frankfort is an Applebee's, so give me a pass here. Pros: Pork Bun SPECTACULAR! Holy damn, these things were banging. A not to be missed menu item. A friend had the shrimp buns and said that they were greatly overshadowed by the delicious, tender perfection of the pork buns. I would come back and order just the buns. They are on to something here. Kimchi. Pretty damn delicious. Everyone at the table agreed this was above average. Lychee Soju Slushie. Tasty and refreshing on a hot, summer day. Good flavor, and packs a little punch. I only had one but if I wasn't getting over a nasty cold, I would have gladly done another. Decent Atmosphere. Wish it was a little bigger, but I liked the bustle. Cons: Unpleasant waitress. Smile, or something. I know it's busy in there, but think about all of the pretty things you can buy with your tip money. Ramen. Okay maybe it's not a con, but at 16 bucks a bowl, I was expecting something euphoric. This just didn't do it for me. To be fair, it was exactly as advertised. Ramen with pork belly, shoulder and poached egg. Maybe it was the heat of the summer. Maybe it was me getting over a cold. Maybe I'm not a Ramen girl? Hard to tell. I wouldn't order the Momofuku Ramen again. Overall, it was a decent time and I'm glad I got to see what all the hype was about. I'd come back for the pork buns, or to try something new.
I´ve tried many Ramens in the city, but none like Momofuku pork ramen. It was one the best ones in my life. I went with a group of friends who are chefs and 2 of them have lived in Tokio for over a year, and hands down, that a was a serious pork ramen. Everything in it is cooked perfectly, the egg, the noodles, yummy. We also went with a hangover from a crazy night at a night club and this was a life saver!! I have been a couple of times after that and it has never dissapointed me. I will definitely take everybody that come to NYC to visit me.
I'm sorry David Chang, but I'm so unimpressed with my dinner at Momofuku tonight. As a fellow omnivore, I really appreciate your dedication to inventive meatlicious Asian food, but the flavor in general was too unremarkable and boring for my liking. I know that this is a more lowbrow eatery of your Peach Empire, but I expected more from you considering the media hype. It sucks that I had disappointing meals 2 days in a row! I was hoping that my disappointing dining experience at the Little Owl will be redeemed by my highly anticipated meal at Momofuku. I'm not in much luck lately with Yelp recommendations...in the past 2 days I've learned through my experience that there is an increasing number of unreliable  Yelp reviews which can't be taken seriously. I understand that Yelp is meant to be biased because it's based on YOUR personal experience and YOUR personal taste but I didn't realize how majority's taste can be so deceivingly different compared to mine. Nevertheless, visiting Momofuku was the perfect example of how other Yelpers' personal taste level can differ so significantly from mine. Being Asian, I'm a bit more critical of Asian food in general and although I love Asian fusion style cuisine, Momofuku's "innovative and interesting fusion food" tasted more like quirky customized food for too-cool-for-school American hipsters. The radical concept of combining traditional Asian flavor with other cultural culinary influences is fun and original, but that doesn't mean they taste good. In some cases it could even be too wacky and disastrous. Anyhow, it's possible that my choice of food was terrible to begin with, who knows..... I had steamed chicken buns for appetizer because Bruni was raving about it, but for me it was just mediocre. I enjoyed the sweet and soft steamed buns as well as the crunchy texture of the dark meat crisped on a high-heat griddle but it lacked seasoning. Adding red spicy sauce helped a bit to make this bland crispy chicken slightly  tastier but didn't enhance the flavor that much. Maybe I should've chosen pork instead!?? I avoided ramen based on my foodie friend's advice who thought it was just average and overpriced. Instead, I tried the bowl of braised beef brisket with pickled vegetables, cilantro, fried onions and rice. I liked the quality of the meat, very tender and juicy but the flavor failed to impress me again. Mixing this brisket with a bunch of sweet and sour pickles may sound interesting but didn't really work for me. This dish just lacked the depth of taste, I would've added more seasoning or marinated differently to give more flavor to make it more special. And for dessert, I had bannana bread soft serve, which was interestinig but wasn't sure if I liked it. Super nice waitress accidentally brough me 2 of them, so I ate both of them anyways, LOL. Overall, I feel this place is undoubtedly overrated and slightly overpriced. I might give it another try but not at my own expense.
Dear God this place is good. I'd say it's a better place to go with friends than with a hot date; very bright lights and communal seating make for a pretty un-sexy experience. Not to mention, maybe I'm just an uncultured American, but I find it hard to master the art of eating tons of connected noodles with chopsticks without having my face over the bowl the whole time. But, seriously, the food makes it so worth it. A tad pricey but it's so worth it for those pork buns and chicken noodles!!
I was really excited to try the Momofuku Noodle Bar (I lived across the street for the past 2+ years) but unfortunately was underwhelmed by the food last night,  there are much better ramen places in the area (Ippudo, Ramen Setagaya, etc.)  To start I had the shrimp buns which weren't what I was expecting- it was a shrimp cake (chopped up pieces of shrimp formed in a patty).  For dinner I had the Spicy Miso Ramen which had good flavor but was super salty.  My boyfriend got the Momofuku Ramen, the pork was super tender and had great flavor but the broth was incredibly salty  To drink I had an apple cider soju slushie which was a unique and fun drink.  All in all the food was good but definitely not worth waiting in line for.
I usually am let down when someone talks up a restaurant then I go and I never enjoy it as much. Not the case here. It was amazing. The pork buns are unreal. Went with two friends and had a great time. Will be going back.
We had dinner here on Sunday despite the "B" health department rating card posted in the window.  We were told that they had a pork cooling issue, but it's been repaired. Anyway, we reside in Orange County, CA and ramen noodle joints like this are plentiful.  Two of our party of four ordered the Hozon Ramen and it was overly salted.  If your blood pressure is on the cusp of being elevated, beware.  One of us ordered an order of grits, with shrimp and bacon.  It was a tiny portion of food and seemed pricey.  We also ordered the Momofuku Ramen which my ramen loving daughter enjoyed. She's into ramen I guess. The wait for a table was 45 minutes, and the seating is tight.  You're literally rubbing elbows with other diners, and can't help but overhear their conversation despite the noise level being very high.  It's not a place where one can relax unless you're stone deaf. In my opinion, the food is so-so at best, too salty, and not worth the wait or the cost.
a) I love ramen b) I had to find out what all the fuss was about after watching Mind of a Chef and reading "OMG BEST RAMEN IN THE WORLD" reviews c) It was down the street from Baohaus d) Bullet points Last week I happened to be in town again for work and thought I'd give it a try. The first thing I noticed was how much I liked the open kitchen and seating arrangement. I ended up sitting next to orthopedic surgeon who like me, had just flown in and wanted to add Momofuku to his ramen bucket list. The wait wasn't too bad, I showed up around 8pm and only waited 15 minutes. He said he had been waiting over an hour and a half. Ouch. I ordered the Momofuku ramen and sampled the chicken wings. I figure a man who prides himself on a chicken tasting menu might know a thing or two about birds. The wings arrived first. Tender, but dry. Sad. Would not order again. The soup came next, thoughts: -the broth wasn't too salty, I thought it was decent -the noodles were decent, but again, nothing stood out -the egg was your standard 140 degree eggy; nothing too fancy or exciting here -the pork belly was dry and overcooked Overall, an okay ramen joint. Overall...Momofuku? For $16 a bowl, most definitely not worth it and three stars it shall receive; for $10, I'd give it four stars and return.
Came here on Sat night around 8:30.  There was a slight wait (15 minutes) but it wasn't as bad as I expected. The seating is cramped.  If you are sitting at the bar or by the kitchen, it might be better since you won't have someone at your back.  But if you are seated at the tables in the center of the restaurant, be prepared to squeeze by people to get to your seat and have elbows and asses bumping into your back.  I'm not a small person, but I'm far from a big person, so I'm not sure how comfortable it would be for a linebacker sized guy to sit at one of these tables.   However the food was good.  The pork steamed buns were fantastic.  The sauce tasted a bit like the plum sauce you might get with peking duck mixed with the char siu flavor.  That's not accurate, but flavor was very familiar to me.  Definitely order this as an appetizer.   The veal sweetbreads were also pretty good.  I've never had a sweetbread before, but I knew what they were.  They are breaded and fried so they look like little nuggets.  The texture wasn't what I was expecting - they were soft kindof like a fish nugget.   The Momofuku ramen was good.  It had a decent amount of pork slices (not like Ippudo) and the poached egg was just right.  My only criticism is the broth was a bit salty.  Not super salty, but not tasteless or watered down like some of the other reviews mentioned.  Maybe they overcompensated.
Not super impressed. We waited over 45 mins for a table..which is fine. The server told me the grape slushie was made with wine and really good! Yeah...it came in a shot glass for for $5 and don't taste any alcohol. All sugar. Not worth it. We ordered about 7 or 8 dishes to share with 4 girls. The food portions were definitely enough but the service wasn't very good!!! The most monotone servers that don't really care. Everything is charged extra. We asked for extra broth because it barely came with any in the ramen and it was $3. The kimchi was way too saucy and not enough cabbage pieces. They wouldn't replace it or bring us more pieces. They suggested to eat it with rice with extra charge. Wine glass was tiny. The food portions were good.  It just wasn't worth all the hype and the wait time. For it being over $150 bill plus tip for a ramen place, I expected a little more in service. It's pricey!
I don't normally do the half-star thing but I really want to do 3.5 for Momofuku. The menu at a glace looks expensive but the portion sizes are large enough to share. I went out to dinner in a group of 4. The couples each split an order of buns and a bowl of ramen and then we got a bottle of sake for the table. We all left full and it was one of the cheaper meals we had while in NY. Pork buns were DELICIOUS. At a glace they might not look so glorious but they are a must have for sure. I wish I would have snapped a photo but we ate them too quick. The ramen was solid. I go weak in the knees for a good tonkotsu broth so the broth at Momofuku left me a little disappointed. But the broth was still light and flavorful without being too oily. The noodles were great.. When it comes down to it, Momofuku is good, but not great. The prices are a little steep especially if you don't share. Overall it is probably not worth the price and wait when there are so many amazing places to eat in the city.
Very, VERY disappointed with momofuku. Went out of my way to bring friends from out of town here, only to endure an embarrassingly mediocre -at best- experience. Pork buns and truffles were amazing as usual. i have been here 3x previous and was madly in love up until last night. Last weekend i was here and had a questionable yet not altogether unacceptable experience with the staff, still gave them another shot, and they failed miserably. Let me say that as a 17 year restaurant veteran, I  NEVER complain. i give the benefit of the doubt if there is a server with an attitude, a hair on my plate, a long wait, bill mistake, whatever. i am really really hard to piss off. it takes a LOT. and  i have to say that This staff, especially the hostesses, take themselves and their establishment FAR too seriously. Good to have pride in your position, but at day's end, it's only a meal. My entire party works or has worked in the service industry and we were All completely flabbergasted by the baldfaced rudeness we encountered by momofuku staff, after waiting over an hour for the privilege of dropping $120 for a half hour of dining... I'll be bringing my hard-earned, single-mom $'s elsewhere. Get over yourselves and recognize that when you alienate even one customer the way you did to me and my group, word spreads. PS-- if you do come here, don't DARE question the methodology of the hosts' seating. Or anything else here for that matter. They will punish you. "the customer is always right" mentality is a joke here. You don't like this or that? Scram. They don't think they  need you, and they convey that sentiment crystal clear as day. Nice to feel my business is appreciated. DO NOT PERPETUATE THIS ELITIST ATTITUDE.
Me and a friend arrived at 7.15, got seated right away. Read good reviews about the pork buns, the flavor was really good but too much fat on it. The spicy noodle soup had the best noodles I've ever tasted, will come back for noodle soup and try another bun, maybe the shiitake one. Good prices!
i came here for lunch with five others right at noon and we were seated right away.  we started with pork buns and soy eggs and ended with the chicken.  the soy egg was tasty but salty.  it was lightly flavored with soy sauce but there was salt sprinkled on and around the egg that added a salty kick to it.  the pork bun was tasty but i put on a little too much hot sauce on mine and sorta ruined it (whoopsiesss).  it was two thick slices of pork with a layer of fat.  it was pretty tasty!  then the chicken came out.  oh, sorry.  chickens.  i liked the korean one better even though it was red but not spicy.  the american one was good too but the skin was a bit harder.  both were very juicy and meaty.  in the end, we were left with about five pieces, a couple wrappers, and lots of lettuce.   i had a hibiscus soju smoothie that was really sweet.  the service was great and my water glass was never empty or even close to empty.  which is awesome because i drink alot of water.
love the noodles here. had my first ramen ever here. have tried others since but still find this to be the best. that bowl is full of flavors the melt in your mouth. love.
Today I finally tried Momofuku Noodle Bar without having to wait hours for a seat thank you Oscars =).... we started off with their chicken wings which were spicy and sweet and delicious! After we shared the roasted Hake fish with rice beans and oranges which was surprisingly good... very good . After came the shrimp buns omg were they yummy ....mmmm I'd actually have one right about now... the pork buns were good as well but not as tasty as the shrimp. The cauliflowers side dish was definitely not a favorite and I love cauliflower there was just some weird spice/taste about it. The momofuku ramen soup with pork was good but not as good as the miso chicken ramen soup with soy sauce and garlic which was simply delish. We ended the night off with a dulce de leche dessert special which was just bad... it was pieces of yougurt or pudding or something white topped off with apples with some green leaf and sesame and with some caramel sauce on the side.... it just wasn't a good finish. Anyhow I am happy I finally got to try this place and I really enjoyed my dining experience!
I've heard great things about the Momofuku chain of restaurants, but I was disappointed by Noodle Bar. A busy restaurant, but the ramen is just ok and doesn't even begin to compare to Totto or Ippudo. Wait was about an hour at 7:30 on a Saturday night, and the place was packed. It's a good idea to leave your number for them to text you when your table is available. Very crowded/chaotic inside, and space is very tight. We were seated at the bar area, and each of us got the Momofuku ramen. I have to say, the ramen wasn't prepared very well. The soft boiled egg was a little on the soft side (more like raw), and the noodles weren't cooked very well. My friend's ramen even had a fragment of eggshell in it. I know they're really busy, but come on...that's just sloppy work. On the plus side, the Ritz cookie that I tried before we left was pretty good. Actually tastes like Ritz cracker! I won't come back simply because the food isn't worth the wait, especially when there are better ramen options in the city. However, I'd still like to try the other Momofuku restaurants.
Stopped by on Wednesday as 7PM, was quote 25-30 minute wait and actually waited an HOUR! pork/shiitake bun - pretty alright as there is a lot of meat, also a lot of fat on this; I still prefer the pork buns at Ippudo! brisket bun - not bad, not good, but there was mayo in this so I tossed half the bun momofuku ramen - this can't be their best ramen! but it's their most popular, very very disappointed, nothing special about this ramen and it actually tasted worse than other ramen houses. I didn't bother consuming much of the broth chilled spicy noodles - very spicy, but I liked tis more than the momofuku ramen, probably only because I had a few bites of this Will not be coming back unless they fix the ramen!
I'm not a big fan of ramen, but I do love porn buns, and since everyone was raving about these, I decided to try them out.  For $9, you get two small porn buns and some hot sauce (I got them to-go).  Nothing special about the hot sauce.  The buns were delicious.  The cucumbers were great.  The pork... too greasy for my taste.  I'm a much bigger fan of pork buns in dim sum restaurants...  I could see this being good cheap street food, but at $9 for two tiny buns, definitely not worth it.   Oh, and I think its pretty annoying that you can't order take-out over the phone...  They already have a problem with too many people, why not make take-out a little easier?
Not one to usually write a review but I must say I loved the place, especially after reading some of the disgusting reviews by people who don't seem to understand good food. Considering the quality of ingredients and the deliciousness on every level, they don't charge enough!   Firstly DO NOT compare ramen with a bowl of wontons in Chinatown (lots of Chinese people do, which is totally inappropriate). Different philosophies rule those different (yet both delicious) options of LES/East Village Dining versus Chinatown. Secondly, this is not that "Ramen I had during my (touristy) vacation in Japan" either! It is Momofuku ramen. So take it as that. If you want more "traditional" because you have a stick up your rear-end, then go to Hidechan ramen up in the 50s... My favorite threesome from there: The 2 pork buns on a plate appetizer: Awesome!  Pork Belly in a bun with scallions and hoi-sin sauce. Seems so easy and simple, but delicious on many levels. It just works. The Momofuku Ramen: Don't look for a layer of grease that you would expect from such a porky ramen. In a way that's good, because personally, I try to drink all the broth out of my ramen bowls and I can't do that to a traditional bowl of porky ramen, too much grease! Highlights include two types of pork instead of just the round you usually get in your average ramen joint, a poached egg rather than hard boiled and I already mentioned the lovely broth that wasn't overly greasy. Finally, those noodles were some of the best quality noodles in the city. Chewy and yummy even if all you did was use a dressing of sweet soy on top. Side of Brussel Sprouts with bacon bits: Perfect side and way of getting maximum fiber. Others who went and complained about the price were probably wannabe foodies who need to get better paying jobs past minimum wage.  Or perhaps lowlife Chinatown restaurant junkies who just want to hate on a successful Asian entrepreneur? So be ready to wait on line. Be ready for a high energy environment. Be ready to eat. And be glad for the experience!
Momofuku versus Ippudo is all I ever hear about.  So going to Momofuku, I expected it to be Japanese cuisine through and through.  Shame on me for making assumptions! While Momofuku does offer Japanese dishes (i.e. ramen), there are other dishes that are Asian inspired on the regular menu and some one-off specials. We started off with the pork buns.  They were filled with lots of yummy pork, cucumber and hoisin sauce.  No skimping on the pork...the bun was packed to the hilt with two thick slices of pork.  It was good, but I prefer Ippudo's.  My two friends ordered the ramen for comparison purposes.  I mooched off their bowl and we all decided Ippudo's is better by far.  The broth is a bit lacking with the "wow" factor.  I decided to stray and ordered the chilled spicy noodles.  They were great on a hot summer day and had just the right amount of kick in the end.  Also ordered the grilled corn, which must have been a special of the day (this is what I mean by the one-offs).  Clearly Mexican inspired, the corn was shucked and mixed with an aioli sauce, cheese and parsley.  It was delish and the highlight of the meal! Because we sat at the bar, our wait was only about 15 minutes around 7pm on a Saturday...not bad for a party of 3!  We actually really enjoyed sitting there because we saw everything being prepared in front of us.   The service was quick and friendly.
The noodles here are pretty good, but doesn't beat Ippudo. Pork buns are good too, but the wait is meh.
momofuku pork buns are, as every yelper says, THE BEST. they're so warm and chewy and every single bite is heaven on earth. after a pleasing appetizer, my friend and i had the momofuku ramen and the brisket ramen. the momofuku ramen was bigger in size than the brisket ramen, but it was because the brisket ramen's noodles were much thicker and wider than those of momofuku ramen. i happened to like the brisket ramen better, i think it had a deeper flavor in the soup. however, both of the ramens were delicious and the pork and brisket were thick and chewy as well. i took off a star because of the STUPID complaining customer who sat right next to me, who was eating a fish dish and while he was licking off the plate, he was complaining why this place was so damn packed when the food isn't that great, why the soup is so bland, they don't know how to make a good ramen, this is like ramen you can get in a convenient store, i can't believe people actually like this, and blah blah blah the whole time throughout the dinner!!! my friend and i, who were enjoying the delicious food, were keep on giving looks to each other and when we thought we heard enough, my friend said, "OH THIS IS SOOO GOOD" reallllly loud more than enough for that stupid jerk to hear, and i responded "YES IT IS!!" he nevertheless kept on complaining and we both felt sorry for his friend who had to listen through all that immature talk :(
came here with a girlfriend and got the following: momofuku ramen with pork - did not like the flavoring or the noodles...it just tasted a bit bitter in my opinion! just very strange flavoring. pork buns - to die for. if you liek pork belly, get this, melt in your mouth goodness. turnips - this was absolutely delicious, and different. it had bit of seaweed in it, never had it like this before, very nice surprise fingerling potatoes - served with a poach egg and is amazing when you break it and let the yolk drip over the yummy potatoes. olive oil frozen yogurt - different! definately taste the olive oil! with banana chips (?) at the bottom. overall a very enjoyable experience. we were there early on a weeknight, so we were seated immediately. price was about $80. i will be returning for more buns and to try everything else.
The ramen was good, the buns were incredible. If you go for lunch I'd get there before they open otherwise you'll have to wait.
I don't know, I guess I drank Chang's Kool Aid because I waited for some time to finally eat here and when I finally did yesterday there wasn't one dish I tried that I wouldn't have again- save the spicy chicken ramen which the adorable waiter assured us wasn't really spicy but that kind of assessment is relative- it really was.  The soy egg is a must try for everyone.  I would have ordered a few more if we didn't have buns and ramen and noodles on the way.  I've had his pork buns before and they are quite good but I liked the smoked chicken buns even more.  They seem so simple, the crunch of the cucumber and the pickled onions but I couldn't make them like that. The brussel sprouts and spaetzle was delicious and the ginger scallion noodles were great there and when I ate them in the middle of the night straight out of the fridge later.  Having broke my savory Chang cherry I look forward to trying the rest of his places and returning here again...maybe for the fried chicken meal....!
i thought the broth was a bit too salty but the noodles were good and the sides were pretty solid. it's loud and you get really close to your neighbors which can be both good and bad. i can say i've been here but don't think i'd have to go back.
I've had great experiences at Ma Peche and Ssam Bar, so I was excited to experience the same, high level of food and service at Noodle Bar.  Not so. I, like many other people, enjoyed the story of David Chang essentially telling a vegetarian to go fuck him/herself when they complained about a lack of vegetarian options.  But why rebuff a pregnant person's polite requests, due to pregnancy restrictions, mind you, to put a topping on the side or elsewhere?  When did the restaurant business stop being a service industry, and instead a forum for hipster waitstaff and chefs to snarkily enforce a "my way or the highway" attitude, just because?   My party consisted of someone who was pregnant.  Ordering the Momofuku ramen, and since a pregnant person shouldn't eat eggs with runny yolks, we politely asked that they put her poached egg in my ramen, so as not to waste a delicious, runny egg yolk.  The waitress, ina halting tone said "Yeah, they probably won't do that.  Maybe they'll put the egg on the side."  I said "I think the yolk will start to harden, so can we get it put in mine right away?"  "No, we'll put it on the side."  Oh, snap. We then ordered the shrimp buns, which has spicy mayo, which the pregnant person wasn't sure she could eat, so we asked to get the mayo on the side.  We were met with a disdainful look and another "I don't think they'll do that."  OK, we saw where this was going.  Fine. Now, enough with my ranting about the service, and let's talk about the food.  The shrimp buns- basically an unexciting fried shrimp cake.  The brisket bun- juicy, but not very tasty.  The pork belly bun- holy crap, pork belly never disappoints.  And this trademark dish is so, so good all the time.  The bok choy was different, interesting, and very good.  The Momofuku ramen was decent, but we all agreed we've had a lot better at a lot of places.  But, the pork belly, of course, was delicious.  One person only had a couple bites, saying it was too salty.  I disagreed with her about that, but I like salty food.  My doctor disapproves.   Not the worst culinary experience, but I don't think I'll be going back.  That being said, I'll be going back to Ma Peche and Ssam.
I couldn't even count how many NYC trips had come and gone by the time I finally made it to Momofuku to sample the oft-proclaimed pork buns (and ramen). Coming from Miami and the newly-popular Asian-fusion/tapas scene, I'd had some damn good buns (and noodles). But damn if David Chang's don't deliver on a whole other level. My companion in dining exploration was a little worried about going overboard on the pork front, what with the buns loaded with pork belly and the ramen loaded with pulled pork and even more pork belly. But I managed to convince him that there's no such thing as too much pork. We also opted for the pickle jar, the Brussels sprouts, and one of the yuzu palmer slushies. Everything was a winner! The pickle jar had an interesting mix of brined veggies (and fruit, I guess - were those apples?), and was a nice warm-up for the meal to come. The pork buns followed, and let me tell you, those were 2 little pork-stuffed pillows sent from heaven. Each bun loaded with not just one, but two (yes two!) slices of pork belly, topped with thin-sliced cukes (lightly pickled), and that sweet & tangy sauce. Seriously addictive, and definitely the star of the meal. I mean, we were talking about how amazing they were 2 days later. We chowed down on the roasted Brussels sprouts next, which came mixed with tiny chopped apples, crisp bacon bits, and heaps of paper-thin bacon (panchetta?) on top. Quite good, but not the best rendition of this dish I've had in recent memory. The Momofuku ramen was also excellent. A heaping portion of noodles in a steaming savory broth, loaded with pork. With a little Sriracha thrown in to give it a kick, and it's definitely a soul-warmer on those cold NYC winter days. Be prepared to wait for a table (less if there's less people in your party), no matter what time you go. But the wait is well worth it.
While visiting NYC during the holidays, we went to Momofuku to try what we were told would be New York's take on contemporary Japanese ramen.  It was late on a weeknight, so we had no wait to get seats at the bar facing the open kitchen.  As others have already written here, the food was good, the setting trendy, and the prices high. The pork buns, which are more like the steamed buns and condiments served with Peking Duck, with generous pieces of fatty stewed pork belly, instead of duck, (and not like char siu bao) were certainly tasty, but utterly gratuitous with its greasiness. Nice for one try, but we wouldn't get it again. We tried two different ramen bowls.  Watching the cooks, including the ramen cook, you could tell they were all skilled and disciplined cooks, but there was not the ferocity and fervor you'd expect from a traditionally trained ramen cook.  The resulting bowls of noodle soups were good, but not up to par with true ramen joints, and certainly overpriced. Just like the pork buns, we found Momofuku nice to try, but not worth a return visit.
Man...so many undeserving harsh words about the Momofuku Ramen.  My friend and I came to give another one of David Chang's establishments a shot and it did not disappoint.  He ordered the ramen and it was really quite good - rich flavor from the broth, al dente ramen and tender pork shoulder.  It was admittedly on the pricey side at $16, but it was perfectly satisfying and worth at least one shot.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the Charred Octopus appetizer.  The octupus itself had fantastic charred flavor and softness accented very well by the yogurt and grapefruit, but the serving was miniscule for $15. On the other hand, the Chilled Spicy Noodles was mad delicious and worth every penny - great textures from the candied cashews and sausage brought together by potent and refreshing spice from the chili oil.  The portion was ample too and I'd come back in a heartbeat to have this dish again.
The Momofuku Ramen is a perfect meal.  So much pork neck in one bowl!  And the pork buns are an excellent starter.  This is currently my favorite restaurant in NYC.   My only criticism is the restaurant's layout: the seating is horribly cramped and there's no place to store your jacket and purse.   As I say about most popular restaurants, the best time to go is right after work between 6-7 p.m. and you'll generally never have to wait for a table.
I finally found myself back here last Sunday to try their namesake noodles among other things.  And I have to say that I recall having had a better experience the first time I went to Noodle Bar many moons ago, and had their fried chicken dinner.  With some reluctance, I can only say that, this second time was a mere 2.5-star worthy experience. To start, we had their Ham Buns (apple, pickled celery, mint), and the Pork Buns (hoisin, scallion, cucumber).  The ham buns were out of this world.  I mean these just completed melted in my mouth in a grand crescendo of savory bits of ham, and a hint of tart apple.  But for $12 for two buns, an unfortunate scene of sparse food allocation ensued at our table of three.  I hadn't tried the pork belly buns (also two buns to an order for $10), but the bf and sister thought they were delectable little morsels.  I was interested in trying their "tamales' but our server actually steered us away from it, so it's safe to assume that they are probably not much good.   I went with the "Spicy Chicken Ramen" which had the perfect level of mildness to it, and wasn't at all spicy.  I really appreciated that since I can't quite handle too much heat.  I thought the pieces of chicken were marvelous.  I don't know how was prepared, but it was juicy, and absolutely delicious with a bit of smokiness to it and strong flavors, it was single-handedly the most enjoyable content within my bowl of ramen.  The only sad part, was that only a few shreds of chicken were sprinkled atop, and I breezed through this bowl with unsurprising speed.  On the downside, the ramen and broth were both lackluster and devoid of any uniqueness.  I was not at all inspired.  Eating an amazing bowl of ramen should be a sort of religious experience.  I mean, it's a pretty big deal in Japanese food culture as I've learned from watching -- and I admit this with no shame or regret -- the movie, The Ramen Girl (youtube.com/watch?v=1GYS…).  (Hey, it was a decent movie)!  I just didn't feel this bowl of ramen took me to that esoteric place, neither did I feel it warranted the $15 pricetag.   We topped off our meal with dessert.  I did not enjoy the soft serve beet-lime flavor, whatsoever.  As pretty as the magenta color was, the beet was too strong and resulted in a bitter aftertaste.  We also had the "Chocolate Chip Cake Truffles" which were great.   As you see, there were some hits and misses for me, and my overall reception towards Noodle Bar remains lukewarm.   Again, it begs the question, why is this place SO heralded?  Though taste is notable on some items (such as the undeniably yummy buns), value factor is severely lacking and prices are a bit exorbitant.  We had lunch and it set us back  over $80!  Somehow that doesn't seem reasonable for ramen you can get elsewhere for a lot less and much more filling, too.   I think the Momfuku brand suffers a bit from a bad case of hubris, and for this reason, I am unfortunately turned off.
Oooohhh... you had me at Cold Spicy Noodle. Besides the semi bad hosting service, this place is awesome! We started off with the Pork Buns... OOOOMG, it is to die for! Full of flavor! Had the chunk of fat on the pork but I scooped it off and it was still delicious (not exactly for those who are looking to eat healthy). My friends had the Kimchi Chicken Tamale and that was pretty good too. I finished off with a bowl of Spicy Noodles-candied cashews, fresh spinach, sausage, ramen, and of course topped it off with sriracha. First bite, I was taken off guard by the combination but second and third, I just couldn't get enough. Mmm... major cravings right now. Definitely will be coming back when I'm in the NYC!
Momofuko is my favorite noodle bar! Pork buns are amazing. Plus the ramen always has the perfect amount of spice. However.. I'm recently gluten free and was wondering if any other Momofuko loyalists know if the restaurant has any GF ramen options?? I can't say goodbye to that place!!
all that hype. and for what? overly salty, too al dente, overpriced noodles. i was dissatisfied and worried about my sodium intake. why oh why is ramen SO popular! are people just drawn to overpriced foods that claim authenticity? pushaw. i prefer menkuitei or setagaya. also i don't like being served asian food by non asian people. it just screams poser.
IMO (in my opinion) BEST RAMEN IN WORLD. Noodles were cooked well (chewy). Soup was not too salty (momofuku ramen). Shredded pork in the broth and the pork slice were perfectly cooked. Oh and the noodles were placed in a certain way for you're easement. ITS PRICEY THO. 16 dollars ugh Haven't tried the buns. ITS GOTTA be good cuz of the perfectly coooked pork. I dont think its worth it because you can get 5 pork buns in flushing for the price of one here
I've been on a ramen binge lately, so it only made sense that I found myself at Momofuku Noodle Bar around 7:30 on a Monday night. I've come by here countless times, only to be immediately discouraged by the crowds amassed outside. I am not one to follow the hype, so I simply ignored all of the glowing reviews and waited for my chance. As our name was called, we were led back to one of the tables in the rear of the restaurant. The two of us were directed to two seats, across from one another, against the wall in the very back table. The seats were miniature, the space between other people even less. I'm all for waiting a little longer than usual for good food, but to then be squeezed into this tiny table - it's not worth it. Atmosphere plays an enormous part in my overall enjoyment and being squeezed between the guy who can't stop talking about his 401K, and behind the guy that suffers from horrible spasms forcing his his chair to bump mine repeatedly does not help me enjoy my meal - it makes things miserable. The food? We started with a special - smoked wings. The appearance was underwhelming, but they were spectacular. Cooked to perfection, the meat was tender and moist. The sauce was suited perfectly with a very salty, soy-based flavor. I found the Momofuku Ramen to be good, but I found the actual broth underwhelming. The combination of pork belly and shoulder was wise. The shredded pork intermingles flawlessly with the noodles making for perfect bites of noodle littered with strings of pork. I prefer a thicker broth and this did not satisfy. I've had ramen where the broth immediately jumps out either as thick, flavorful, spicy, etc. This broth proved to be none of the above, rather, a medium serving simply to allow the ingredients to be mixed together. I'll need to return and try their buns, and a different ramen. If they try to seat me in that back corner again, I'll politely ask to wait longer and sit at the bar.
I learned my lesson and came at 545pm (15min after they open) to avoid waiting in line forever. I intended to get there at 530pm but due to a little too much alcohol before hand, I wondered into the Momofuku Milk bar, then the Raw bar... before finally finding this place. How embarrassing. I had the usual momofuku ramen. I also tried the sangria slushie. They have 2 sizes, I chose for the small. But when they say small, they really mean SMALL. Next time just go for the large.
Get the sweetbreads! So full of yummy cow flavor!! They must deep fry them in cow lard or something. Awesome atmosphere.  I ate here about 3 months ago and saw the Ryan character from The Office (B.J. Novak). I think he was on a date with some little girl. Anyway, back to the food... I got the kimichi/pulled pork dish. Was pretty good for a rainy day, but I would stay away from that during this hot summer. Very crowded (which made it fun).
I just got back from having dinner at Momofuku with a coworker.  I had previously been to the milk bar and absolutely loved it, so I figured I'd give this place a shot. I was absolutely disappointed. On a Monday night at 8 pm, the we waited 45 minutes for a table. Typically I would not have minded but the server was telling everybody that came in the door that the wait was going to be 20 minutes. I just don't appreciate being lied to. Finally we sat down - and the seating space is ridiculous. I was reminded if the days in high school when people were jammed up next to each other at a long table. I think if I'm paying $15+ a dish at the very least I deserve my own table. This made getting into the seating space and out of, very difficult, provided how crowded and loud it was. Onto the food - The best part about my meal was the basil lemonade I had to start ut with. We ordered the pork rolls as an appetizer, and the pork was ridiculously fatty. I had to politely spit some out because I was gagging from it just being fat. I'd hoped their signature dish, the Momofuku Ramen would be better - but it was a disappointment go say the least.  It was an overly oily pot of broth with a few poorly cooked noodles with more fatty pork and a boiled egg in the middle. For a $16 dish, that's just ridiculous. To top it off, our waiter who decided not to write our orders down got my coworkers beer incorrect. The whole bill came out to be $55, and honestly I feel nothing but gross after having finished my meal. I legitimately wish I could throw it up so I don't have this sinking liquidly grease in my stomach any more. Glad I tried it. Won't be coming back.
My noodles were overdone, and over spicy. I've only been once, but I'm thinking the place is over priced and over hyped. Over it.
Soggy noodles. No flavor. Does not taste anything like what you expect from a Japanese noodle bar. Very disappointed. Lived in Tokyo for 2 years and can honestly say I have never come across any noodles there that taste as bad as the ones you get at Momofuku. Yuck. What a waste of time and waste of stomach real estate. You can't even pay me to go there again. The hype about this place is just that, hype. All sizzle, no steak.
Extra delicious! Pork and shitake buns are amazing. Really good food with little pretense. Nice.
one of the most overrated places i've ever been to!  yay! sure food is simple... overpriced simplicity is never good in my book.  pork buns... good but not great.  i don't think i'll ever crave them.  also had the duck with mustard seeds whatever... bland.  ramyun was very heavy.  i'm not sure what a "great" ramyun is supposed to be like but its not really for me... crowded & loud inside. made me miss ktown.
the pork steamed buns completely melted in my mouth. they gave me and my husband such a big food-gasm that we came back for a second visit before leaving nyc. unfortunately, the wait can be ridiculously long and the ramen was ok. we could not believe that there was a line before the place even opened.
The pork buns were terrific, everything else was bland.  I did see a table that had ordered fried chicken that looked amazing but it wasn't on the menu.
Visiting from LA, one of the must do things on my list was eat at Momofuku. We came on a Friday night and the wait for 2 people was only 15-20 minutes. Not bad at all for a Friday night. Pork bun - meaty, savory, melts in your mouth. Could there actually be a time where there's too much pork to your bun ratio? Why yes, that's possible in this bun. But trust me, this is a very, very good problem to have. Mushroom bun - I liked it even more than the pork bun. Don't get me wrong, the pork bun is really good. But the flavors and textures of the pork, I've had it before. What was really exciting and different was the mushroom bun. They  slice 'em very thin and throw it onto the flattop grill for a few minutes. The slices actually crisp up so what comes out onto your plate is this semi crunchy mushroom bun. Heaven! Ramen - Solid, but I've had similar in LA.
I absolutely love this place! If you go at the right time (off peak hours) you can avoid the long line out front, because it does get quite busy. Weekdays and arriving an hour before dinner rush starts is your best bet. My husband and I order the same thing every time we go. We each get an order of the pork buns. Seriously, amazing. Followed by a bowl of the chilled spicy noodles. These are the best noodles I've ever had. Chilled, yet crazy spicy, and beyond flavorful. Comparing them to Ramen is just rude. Watching these guys cook your meal is a treat. Beware: you could end up sharing a table with others, as it's very busy and communal seating - but the hype is true and the wait is worth it!
I've been lucky enough to visit this place a couple of times - twice as a walk-in and once for a special fried chicken dinner. The average visitor should plan to not go in more than a group of four since getting seated can take a while. However, a pair of two usually can find a seat at a communal table or at the bar fairly easily in under 20 minutes even on busy nights. Several guests often wait with a cocktail, which may help ease the wait in a crowded area with only one real bench to sit. Once you are seated, the food is treat. You can't avoid the buns - the pork buns sometimes come with lots of extra fat, which adds lots of flavor. however, the time I had it with minimal fat attached to the meat it was still extremely delicious (and slightly healthier for me as well). My friends haven't really been impressed with the additional appetizers even though they can often run out before even 9pm due to how alluring they sound. If you really need something before your ramen in addition to the buns, I'd recommend requesting the grilled corn. To accompany your food, the beers are HUGE (especially the 34oz Asahi Super Dry can) and a far superior value compared to the slushies or even wine glasses, which are more refreshing. The main course of noodles may cause your party to want to get different things and try them out. However, usually everyone i've dined with agrees the ramen that bears the eatery's namesake is the best by far. I haven't deviated from this and thoroughly enjoy the flavorful broth, noodles, and often save the pork belly for last as if it's a savory dessert. However, the fried chicken dinner, if you're able to crack the code on the reservations system as well as coordinate a group of friends to all arrive relatively at the same time is quite an accomplishment though not completely perfect. Having visited many korean fried chicken places in the city, my expectations were extremely high, but still exceeded. I couldn't get enough of the korean fried chicken and forced myself to eat more and more since it was extremely delicious. The southern style failed to impress me as much and overall tasted as if needed quite a bit of salt or other savory seasoning to really come to life. Unfortnately, one piece didn't even appear fully cooked and the server failed to acknowledge it even though it was blatantly too pink, so watch out before you bite! Still, the accompiament of vegetables and pancakes help offset going into a complete fried chicken coma. As a result, I would definitely return for both a bowl of noodles or the splurge of a dinner (which ends up being an amazing value if you can split it with 8 people and WAY WAY WAY too much if you go with 4).
My bf and I has been on a ramen-trying spree in New York of the higher ranked ramen houses. Our last stop, Momofuku noodle bar. Unlike Ippudo ramen, the room is full of maple wood benches at the tables and stools for those that dine at the "bar area".   SOJU SLUSHIES. We sat at the bar area. We were excited to try the soju slushies that were swirling in the slushy machines. At that time, they had lychee, lemonade mint, and some other name for an arnold palmer. We ordered the lychee and lemonade mint. The LYCHEE soju slushy definitely has a stronger taste of alcohol while the LEMONADE MINT had barely any taste of alcohol similar to the non-existing alcohol taste in the mixed drinks, midori sour and fuzzy navel. I liked lychee and the lemonade.   PORK BUNS.  We ordered the pork buns for appetizers that was suggested by fellow yelpers. It was basically pork belly with hoisin sauce and cucumbers. It was DELICIOUS, but NOT WORTH $5 a piece.   RAMEN. We ordered the Momofuku ramen. Unlike the other ramen restaurants. They serve one big bowl of ramen for about $15 avg. with little bowls so you can share with friends. It comes with the usual seaweed, green onion, pork belly, napa cabbage. UNLIKE the other ramen houses, the EGG IS POACHED. I like that you can pop it and the yolk mixes in with the soup. Unfortunately, the soup was definitely salty like fellow yelpers has lamented. Personally, overly salty things is no bueno. So no go for the salty soup base.
This is a place that I've wanted to go to for a long time and when I went during the summer I was not disappointed.  We had the following dishes: Steamed buns - imagine the peking duck dough but with succulent pork w/ just a hint of fat on it.... - it was AMAZING Kimchi stew - this is a MUST HAVE...  it's not spicy despite having kimchi in it - it's cooked with little pork pieces and with rice cakes Momofuku ramen - their ramen is good but it's a little bit on the salty side.  It's not the best ramen that I've had but it's pretty good. As for the prices - it's a little bit on the expensive side.  It will definitely make you think twice before you go back too soon, but nonetheless it's a place that I will come back to again and again.
I'm not a New Yorker, and since my meals in the city are limited, I tend to shun repeats, even at places I like.  I've been to Noodle Bar at least five or six times.  I don't love the crowded venue or nonchalant service - at Momofuku, it's all about the food. Let's talk fried chicken.  I snagged a 10 PM reservation for eight people and even with the maximum party size, we had a feast.  We were seated late and ordered appetizers and drinks before the chicken came out after 11. The chicken was worth the wait.  It was a heaping amount of bird, half Southern and half Korean fried chicken.  Both kinds were tender and succulent, with great juicy meat.  I preferred the crispier triple-fried Korean chicken, but both were excellent.  I found myself unwilling to overlook even a scrap of skin that had fallen onto or near my plate. Alongside the chicken came mushu pancakes, bowls of greens and raw vegetables, as well as four sauces.  I didn't prefer the mushu pancakes, which I found a bit too thick, but I loved the greens.  Each lettuce leaf was fresh and perfectly formed, and I used them to wrap my chicken.  I also indulged in the fragrant herbaceous shiso and Thai basil.  I made wraps with lettuce, chicken or just chicken skin, extra greens, and sauce.  The only sauce I wasn't crazy about was the hoisin, but I loved the scallion, the ggochujang, and the jalapeno soy sauce.  Every bite was full of flavor and delicious meat.  I also enjoyed the radishes and carrots, which were some of the best raw vegetables I've ever had.  The crunchy spicy radish was a great counterpart to the fried chicken.  I was very happy at the end of this meal. Of course, if you're not going for fried chicken, Chang offers many roads euphoria.  I mentioned the Momofuku ramen in my last review, but the other noodles are wonderful, too.  I would especially recommend the chilled spicy noodles with house-made Sichuan spiced sausage, spinach, and candied cashews.  This bowl of noodles is so resplendent with flavor that it's actually mind-blowing.  The porky salty sausage with the sweet nutty cashew, combined with the spicy dressing and calming spinach, all over the springy chewy ramen?  It's almost too much to handle.  I'm less enthusiastic about the ginger scallion noodles with pickled shitakes, cucumber, and menma - it's good, but the shiitake overwhelms the other flavors, and I like the other noodles much better. Of course, I never stick to just noodles.  Everything on the menu is delicious.  The pork buns are amazing, and no matter how many times I have them I'm surprised at how good they are.  The shiitake buns are a great alternative for vegetarians or pretend dieters, earthy with a mild bitter smokiness. Another standby is the pickles.  You get a jar filled with green beans, carrots, red onion, mushrooms, and more, all delivering a pleasant snappy dose of vinegar.  I'd skip the kimchi - Chang's version never tastes properly aged.  Soy sauce eggs are nice salty little bites topped with fried onion.  Roasted rice cakes with roasted onions, red chili pepper, and sesame are also usually available, and I love this toasty take on my beloved ddukbokki. As you can see, despite his reputation as a meat-monger, Chang knows how to pick and handle vegetables.  In addition to the dishes mentioned, his ever-changing menu offers a host of seasonal produce-centric dishes that I've only had the pleasure of eating once.  My favorite was the brussels sprouts with kimchi puree and bacon.  These were roasted to hearty biteable perfection and the kimchi puree and bacon endowed the dish with incredible flavor while leaving the brussel sprouts on center stage.  I've also enjoyed a salad of heirloom tomato with melon, crisped ham, and mint leaves, which was a refreshing, summery appetizer.  Even better was a pear salad with Greek yogurt, hazelnut, and pickled honshimeji mushrooms.  This featured pear three ways, and the buttony little mushrooms and creamy yogurt were fantastic.  Grated hazelnut and herb garnishes added both beauty and flavor.  I've also had Tokyo turnips with miso butter, pearl onion, and chives, as well as fingerling potatoes with bacon, poached egg, and scallions.  I enjoyed both, but wouldn't order them agan.  The turnip dish was a bit sweet and the potatoes were unexciting. As for the meat cameos, I've had duck rillettes, which were tasty but a bit too greasy, and a pork belly and kimchi tamale that was pretty great.  Still, for an extra serving of meat with your noodles, go with the pork buns. Also try the soju slushies and soft serve.  I've had the Arnold Palmer and lychee slushies and they're both splendid.  The soft serve is hit or miss but the interesting flavors are worth a taste.  My favorite was the banana and vanilla wafer, but I also liked sweet potato and pie crust.  Pickled cherry and olive oil was okay. Noodle Bar is one of my favorite restaurants, and even though I'm moving to L.A., I know I'll be back again and again.
seriously the best meal I ever ate. A little late on my review but seriously good stuff. The pork buns are delish! the ramen is delish! drinks are delish!! Cant wait to revisit tis one.
Pretty yummy and casual. I would go back when I'm in the area. The wait was a little long though.
Wish I could stop coming here because of the expensive price. But I can't. The pork buns and Ginger Scallion noodles are amazing.
This place is so terrible! I came here thinking that I was going to eat the best ramen I will ever consume in my life and it was probably my biggest regret going here. I ordered the Momofuku special and a order of the pork buns. I specifically told them to make my ramen extra spicy and there was nothing nothing spicy at all, the broth and everything about this was too plain. I asked my server a couple of questions and I felt like she didn't even want to help me or answer any of my questions, which made my experience horrible already before ordering. I still prefer Totto Ramen for their extra spicy miso, and Ippudo for the best pork buns!
So I wasn't totally blown away by Momofuku Noodle Bar, but we were perfectly satisfied with our order of 7-spiced chips, pork buns, and Momofuku ramen. The ramen broth was tasty as advertised (as were the pork bins), although be aware the ramen is a total salt bomb (to be expected, though). It was packed at 2 PM on a Saturday, but we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated, and service was efficient. Don't know if I'd go out of my way again to come back, but I'd be happy to return if I happen to be in the neighborhood.
There are already 500 reviews so there's probably nothing I can add that you won't already know. I went there on a Monday night at around 9:30.  The wait was less than 5 minutes for two seats at the bar. We started with the five-spice potato chips ($3).  As best I can tell, they're home made potato chips tossed with some secret mixture of spices.  Not really bad, good, nor worth $3.  About what you'd expect from a $1.50 bag of Kettle Chips. If they have the roasted pig tails ($16, I think) on the starter menu -- get it!  They're perfectly seasoned and fall-off-the-bone tender.  They're served with pickled asian pears as a pallet cleanser -- also good in its own right. I got the cold spicy ramen for my main dish ($12).  It's cold ramen noodles tossed with house chili oil, covered in a layer of raw spinnaich and topped with a mixture of house-made sichuan sausage and candied cashews.  The chili oil used here was amazing.  There's a hint of sweetness at the beginning followed by a dull pleasant heat and ending with a nice punch of heat.  Another recommended dish. Lastly, check out the selection of beers.  They're pretty much all winners, especially the Lagunitas IPA from Petaluma, CA.  Good stuff. I'd probably be back in the future to see what new creations David has come up with (they're supposed to have different menus daily).  4 stars because of the weak-ish potato chips and high-ish prices.
30 minutes is not a bad wait, just enough time to run some quick errands in the area since it's just too clausterphobic to wait in the packed foyer. The buns are to die for- we had the pork and shiitake. The ramen was cooked perfectly but I think smoke was the pervasive flavor. Plus the pork that was so delicious in the bun didn't work in the ramen- it fell apart and lost its flavor.
Maybe I'm crazy, but I'm just not feeling the ramen here at all. I think that Ippudo and several other places in manhattan are much better. That being said, the pork buns, tamales are all amazing stuff. The community seating is more of a negative than plus in my book, but its definitely not that big of a deal. Again, if you stick you the pork buns and the kimchi/pork tamales, you will be a happy person.
Pork buns were amazing, but they changed the recipe. Very disappointing. Chicken wings are yum. The rice is perfection. Kimchi stew is good. I've had congee all my life and the aso buco congee tasted light, a bit sweet, not very salty, and really delicious. I usually get the Momofuku ramen-- can't go wrong.
I am a huge fan of David Chang. I really like Momofuku Ssam Bar and Momofuku Milk Bar, but the Noodle Bar is a sore disappointment. The pork buns here are great, as they are at Momofuku Ssam Bar, but the ramen is just not very good here. I tried the Momofuku Ramen. The noodles are very well made with a nice texture. However, the broth was not particularly flavorful, and had a pork taste that was a bit too overwhelming. I will not be coming again even though the wait time was very short. If you want to try good ramen in the area, you should check out Ippudo.
Wasn't as blown away as I thought I'd be but I have no reason to be disappointed with my own meal (the chilled spicy noodles w/ italian sausage and wicked caramelized cashews) cause it was fantastic. My friend's meal (the momofuku noodle bowl w/pork) left him unimpressed; however, we started with the shrimp buns which were a definite hit.
This place is just plain good.  Crowded as all hell but the food is simple but excellent.
Horrible, horrible, horrible. After going to Ippudo a few days before, I was really looking forward to try momofuku.  We got there around 11:45 and the hostess said it'll be a 15 minutes wait.  We said "great", sat down and waited.  Within 5 minutes, seats opened up and we were right at the bar ready to order.   We got the pork buns (of course, after reading all the reviews) and then the ramen.  After 15 minutes of waiting and drinking our beverage, we are now staring at the kitchen wondering where our food it.  Another 15 minutes went by and the pork buns finally came.  After the first bite, I was disappointed already.  Ippudo's pork bun was much better then theirs.  The sauce was good, but the meat was over cooked, the fat in the pork did not melt in my mouth.  At the parts where they did not squirt the sauce all over it, it was actually quite dry.  Fine, one down, maybe the Ramen was worth all the wait.  And you guessed it, another 15 minutes went by (45 minutes into sitting our butts down on the stools), no ramen came our way.  These people that sat next to us, who got there 15 minutes after us,  already got their appetizer, their noodle, and ready to pay the bill.  Fine, they knew the manager, they were suppose to get their food first.  What about the people 4 down from us that got their noodle before us?  It was like WTF (wish I could write this in red, caps, font 50). I finally had it and asked our waitress.  She said she would check and came back to tell us it was in the next batch.  What the hell could be taken this long.  Are they trying to starve us to the point where we would say their noodle is good no matter what comes out?  My husband and I have now stared at the kitchen with the chefs (1 guys making the pork buns, 1 guy making noodle, head chef standing around bs-ing, one guy pushing the paper orders to make sure they are correct and a few waiter and waitresses walking around pretending to be busy since no food is coming out of the damn kitchen).  At this point, the managers even noticed our staring and came to say he assures us our noodle is in the next batch.  I was like, it's about freaking time, it's over an hour now that I am waiting for stupid noodles.  After 62 minutes in the restaurant, we finally got the noodle.  If this was the BEST noodle on earth, then I would say worth the wait.  But you know what, it's NO WHERE NEAR, the best noodle on earth.  It was SOOOOOO salty.  The noodle was not in good texture.  I don't even know what the hype was.  I think my home made ramen or even instant noodle is better then this. One my third bite, a guy in back of me started swearing, f-bombing the waiters and managers that he wants his wife's noodle now as they waited for over 45 minutes.  I thought, "you go boy...and sorry man, join the club".  2 minutes later, we see the waitressed talking and saying how mean and rude this guy was.  I had to bite my tongue and say, what kind of service and food are you giving people.  Why don't you think about what you made all of us go thru instead of bitching about the customer's reaction.  *sigh* All in all, I advice whoever is reading this to NOT go eat there as it is nothing special.  And plus, they'll starve you and if you complain, they'll probably bitch about how mean you are.  Ippudo has much better service, food, and cheaper!
We had read great reviews about this place but it did not deliver. The place is very busy and noisy. We were sitted at a table with already 3 persons who turned out to be very nice. We had the pork buns and the mushroom buns . They were delicious especially the mushroom ones. But then we had the noodles with ginger and the spicy noodles. Both were really oily and not at all flavorful. We would not return to this restaurant.
Aside from the waits this is a stoners paradise. Eat here and you will not be disappointed.
Their Momofuku ramen is delish but know that it'll clog every artery... lots and lots of pork and a soft boiled egg. I finish it every time and every time I think 'ugh I need to detox' afterwards. I actually prefer Ippudo but Momo's ramen is good if I want to treat myself ($16 for the Momo ramen) and take it up a notch. And uhm, I heard their pork buns aren't bad either. ::wink wink::
as usual...awesome!  was taking my friend who was from out of town.  we got there for lunch time on monday and there was a line!  i can't believe that.  we were seated quickly and served very fast.  sitting at bar is my favorite cuz i get to see what they are doing before it comes to us. the ramen was yummy as usual.  pork but also great! something new was the brussels sprouts - coconut, peanuts, thai basil.   amazing.  had the thai curry in foamy goodness.  with roasted garlic, nuts etc etc.
After feasting on a perfect all-meat-everything meal at sister restaurant Momofuku Ssam, I was surprised that my foodie partner in crime and I decided to order a dish without pork: the heirloom tomato salad. I was pleasantly surprised, and all I could think was A) Why do my homemade salads taste like crap? And B) How quickly can I put these tomatoes into my mouth? Next was the albacore tuna. Small morsels of tuna heaven on a bed of kimchi and greens. Delicious. Then we moved to the grilled corn. I'm going to say something really bold here and declare this corn better than Café Habana's. Blame the bacon. Hello pork buns. Just...I can't...so...GOOD. We ended with the Momofuku Ramen. Very tasty dish with a healthy portion of noodles and pork. Overall, great food and ambience. I enjoyed the family seating and the high-paced, high-energy flow of a busy, happy restaurant.
I guess this is one of those places where you hear so much and expect even more... There for don't be surprised if you find it just ok like I did. The service was good but ramen alright. Also agree that lunch time is best for the fact that dinner is so crowded!
We finally got a large enough group for the infamous fried chicken dinner.  We called weeks in advance to place a reservation and was only able to get a 3:45 pm table.  We juggled schedules and was able to coordinate everyone to meet at that time for a "late lunch". We were all excited to try this.  However we were disappointed.  From start to finish, the experience confirmed this place is definitely over hyped and over priced. The restaurant was half empty when we got there and remained so until we left at 5:45 pm.  I wasn't sure why our original request for a later reservation couldn't be accommodated. The fried chicken was nothing special in my opinion.  Southern chicken a bit too hard and crunchy.  Some parts of it dry.  The Korean chicken was just spicy and sugary sticky.  You could get much tastier southern fried chicken at Blue Ribbon Chicken and Korean chicken in k-town for much less.  The scallion pancakes was a bit thick for my preference and dry.  It breaks easily when trying to use it to wrap around the meat. We also tried the pork belly buns and a bowl of noodles. Again, we found the pork belly and noodles to be a bit lacking. The buns were good, but expected the pork belly to be better.  We've had better pork belly elsewhere and was probably expecting it to be of that caliber where the belly has the perfect balance of carmelization and fall apart buttery softness.  It wasn't quite that here.  The noodle broth was very aromatic and noodles had a good texture and chew.  But the broth itself was a bit on the bland side if you don't doctor it up at the table. On the positive, our server was pleasant. The yuzu sake was refreshing.  The veggies were super fresh.  It was nice to try something new.
Pork Buns.  Rotisserie Duck over Rice.  Write it down.  Go immediately and get that NOW.  WOW.   After hearing a million people wax poetic about Momofuku and what a GOD David Chang is, I HAD to see WTH was going on.   Gourmet food without the pretentious bullshit.  Hell yeah! Love them buns.  Great balance and junction of flavors.  I could eat a whole platter of these.  I've had them at Noodle Bar before, and had to get them again.   The duck is also impressive.  The rice is hauntingly delicious. The duck was a little fattier than I would have liked.  The meat was PERFECTLY cooked.   Was it the best duck  I ever had? NO.  That honor goes to DaDong and LiQun in Beijing.  Buy a $2000 airfare, sit on a plane for an ungodly amount of time, eat there, and come back, and you will understand what I mean.  It will be worth the $2000.   Don't have money for the airfare?  Then the $14 duck at Momofuku will more than satisfy your duck needs.  It is excellent.   My meal of 2 pork buns, duck over rice, and a beer came to $41 with tax and tip.  Well worth every cent.   I glanced over at other tables to check out what others were eating. The duck dumplings looked overcooked and hard.  The crab looked amazing.  I was quite happy with my selection, and highly recommend it.  I looked at the dinner menu, and opted for lunch instead because I HAD to have the duck.  If you can conjure up 6 friends and happen to score elusive Bo Ssam reservations, that looks amazing. To paraphrase a famous food critic:  Pork buns and rotisserie duck over rice.  Write it down.  It is all you need to know.
GREAT pork buns!! i got the momofuku ramen and it was delicious! Great music in the restaurant, great laid back atmosphere with cool decor and vibe.   i came here when i was VERY hung over and usually nothing tastes good when you're hung over. This tasted good. so yay to momofuku ramen!
this place is definitely overhyped and overrated. first, the place is very cramped. when its crowded, you get squeezed into a tiny table with waiters constantly bumping into your chair or hovering around your table. second, perhaps it was just the day we went, but our noodles had a very strong bitter burnt taste to them. i felt like i was slowly getting cancer by eating the ramen. the broth itself was no where near as delicious, thick, and tasty as some of the better ramen places i've been to. lastly, the pork buns were decent- but then again, when you have super fatty pork belly with drenched in lots of sauce, it's bound to taste good no matter where you go. not a fan. save yourself a trip and use it to go to ippudo's just around the corner- a place that is actually worth the hype it receives.
I've been here 4 or 5 times and each visit is a little bit worse than the last. The ramen is still good, but it isn't any better than any of the the other top ramen shops in the city, especially given the prices. Additionally the service has become more and more inattentive. During my last three visits they've forgetting to provide silverware and appetizer plates, nodded yes when I confirmed my order yet neglected to actually send it to the kitchen and delivered my order 10 minutes after my dining companion received hers. After my last visit I've decided to move on from what was once one of my favorite spots.
The finished product is greater than the sum of its parts. Dynamite ramen. Less fatty oil than is common in fresh ramen, excellent and unique desserts, off hour dining recommended!
Such a comfortable and enjoyable experience. There is not a time when I do not want fatty meat and heaping mounds of noodles. Did I mention spicy, because yes, I DO WANT IT SPICY! It was great, followed by awesome. Wish the wait wasn't as long, but its popular so I can handle...
Was here a few weeks ago. I come here specifically for the pork belly buns. And they never ever disappoint!  I'm still trying to determine which is my #1 pick on steamed pork buns. Between, Sheldon's Star Noodle in Lahaina or Michael's Momofuku?  A lot of poor reviews on the Ramen, so I never tried it. But the Udon was not bad. . . It's all about the steamed pork buns though!!!
3.5 stars. I came here with a friend for dinner after hearing the wait at Ippudo was 1.5 hours. I ended up getting the Momofuku Ramen (because let's face it, I was craving ramen... no surprise there). While the portion size was huge and the ramen was overall decent in taste (especially the pork -- yum!), it was just slightly salty, not to mention that it's pretty much highway robbery to charge $16 for a bowl of ramen. I'm still on the hunt for the best ramen in NYC that won't break the bank... -L.
I''m sure I'm not the first one to say it, but OVERRATED.   I've heard so much about this place, so I guess I had pretty high expectations for it.  We came in on a Saturday for dinner.  My friends ordered the steamed bun which they thought was pretty good.  However, this place is not very vegetarian friendly (although I'm not a real vegetarian...) Their only vegetarian option was the ginger scallion noodle - and I'm not a big fan of ginger.  I had to try their famous Momofoku ramen but they didn't let me substitute the pork with any vegetables.  Therefore...$17 for a bowl of noodles, soup, and an egg.  Yup.  Definitely not worth it.  The noodles were chewy and the broth was flavorful, but it was not worth the 45 minute wait and the crowded tables.   We tried their soft serve ice cream too.  It was OK.  Still don't think this place is worth it.
I Loved this resturant!  It is a small place, prepare to stand outside in line, food well worth the wait!  The most flavorful dish were the Roasted rice cakes, made with red chili, roasted onion& sesame.  Also, Steamed buns were surprisingly yummy, made with shiitake, shrimp & pork.
Good but I'm no expert on noodles, the pork belly in the soup was good but a little tough to manage due to its size and overall fattness.
This place has blown up!!  I remember the first time I visited 2 years ago when it was a single bar in a tiny space.  It looked like it quadrupled in size!  The pork buns are sooooo yummy with the right amount of sweet, salty, and crunch from the cucumber.  My favorite!  The Momofuku ramen was also good.  I especially like the broth that doesn't scream out MSG.  I expected it to be really salty was it was subtle enough for me to taste all the different flavors and ingredients in the dish.   It also had some pork belly, a poached egg, and mushrooms...tasty stuff.
Had lunch there two weeks ago with my son, delicious. Had a large sampling of items and was really impressed with them. First of all, if you are a pork fan you have to go. The pork belly is sooo good and the bacon they use is smoked to perfection. Also, they list their purveyors of the food they cook on a chalk board next to their hand written menu. I like that most of their food comes from local, tri-state, area which to me means, fresh. But let's keep it real, you go to a noodle bar for the Pork Buns! They are really, really good. They practically melt in your mouth. They also do a bang up job with the ramen. Their signature ramen dish, Momofuku ramen, was off the charts. There was pork cooked at least three ways in a broth that would have been good all on its own. Add in perfectly cooked noodles and those locally sourced, fresh veggies and look out, you are in for a delicious ride. If you are on the lower east side you have to get there. I will be back.
The 8 of us came here for the fried chicken meal and then some. We also ordered bowls of ramen, the asparagus, rice cakes, red wine, and desserts. We really enjoyed everything - it was all fresh, good bold flavors, and plentiful for a decent price. The fried chicken meal was great as well, but for the cost I probably wouldn't do it again. The desserts are fairly simple and are enough to polish off the end of the meal nicely. We were originally going to stop off at Milk Bar for cookies but ran late. The service was exceptional as well - Margaret was swift at handling our multiple orders and checked in frequently (but not overbearing) to see how we were doing. Interior and setting: Very simple but cozy. The wooded chairs were surprisingly comfortable. We had some leftovers that tasted even better the next day. I'm picky with restaurants, but Momofuku Noodle Bar was a really pleasant experience.
There is alot of hype surrounding Momofuku and was super excited to get to try this place during my trip to NY.   Pork buns were awesome!  Incredible tender slices of pork with hoisin sauce, cucumbers, and scallion that give a completely new take on traditional Peking duck.  I'm lucky that I don't live nearby or I'd be eating these everyday.  A bit pricey at $9 for two but I think they are definitely worth a try.   This place is famous for it's ramen, but I wasn't too impressed by it.  It has alot of ingredients in it: pork belly, poached eggs, scallion, but I felt that overall the broth was kind of bland compared to other ramen I tried during this trip (Ippudo).   However, the true star dish on the menu is the Chilled Spicy Noodles with the Sichuan spicy sausage, spinach, and cashews.  The noodles have a great chewy consistency, and the sweet and spicy flavors of this dish really work well together.  This dish is super spicy, but if you're willing to try it out, you're in for quite a treat!
It's okay - but don't expect the world. I'm prefacing this by telling you that we didn't come for the ramen - we came for the Fried Chicken -2 ways. The Korean style was fine and the american version was kind of too dark in batter for me to really appreciate or like. The darkness of the batter would definitely be considered too dark to eat according to my Chinese mother who I could hear in my head, telling me I would get cancer sooner in life. Similar to eating Bo Ssam, they give you all of the lovely accoutrements which is always pleasant since they're incredibly fresh. Fried Chicken preference is as selective as choosing how one likes a burger, hot dog and pizza - so at the end of the day, personal preference. Hence, this place works for some, not too much for me. Since I'm making this entry short, I probably won't come again but it was cool to come once for the experience and have the chicken but I'm equally happy eating fried chicken from Popeyes, Church's, or Little Skillet.
Momofuku noodle bar is a very casual and neat place with an open kitchen.  Shrimp toast bun: a bit on the salty side but very good.  Pork bun:  I normally don't eat pork but I had to try it since it is a known dish here.  Well, it wasn't too porky and texture was good, and I'll def. eat it again .  Spicy miso ramen again a bit salty for my taste but still very good.  Pickled cabbage was refreshing in the ramen broth.
My first star is awarded to: Momofuku's amazing ramen My second star is awarded to: the wait staff being flexible and seating us at the bar instead of making us wait another half hour for a table My third star is awarded to: the ability to watch the chefs prepare your meal behind the bar One missing star for: the crowd / level of noise / not being able to hear my cousins whom I was visiting with One missing star for: not having more vegetarian options You're like the child I inevitably love, but don't love as much as your adorable and sweet sister, Momofuku Milk Bar....
I finally ate the pork bun here that everyone raves about. Last week I had dinner at a restaurant nearby but felt the urge to try this darn bun to see what the hype is all about. I went there, long wait as usual. So I decided to place a to-go order. I ordered the buns only. The entire weekend has past and might I ask,m " Why am I still dreaming about these buns?!?" They were fantastic! They are soft,tasty, and they melt in you mouth! Literally!!! I understand what everyone is talking about!! I must go there again...get these buns and try whatever else they have to offer. I'm not thrilled about the price, but must give them the 4 stars. I definitely will go back!
Normally I don't swallow, but for you Momofuku I make plenty of exceptions... Here is why the place did not earn the 5th star - the decor and the staff. Don't get me wrong the staff seems like some of my alumni from NYU, very laid back, care free, weed smokin hipsters - while I admire that in friends i want my wait staff to be obnoxiously over friendly almost to the point where you have to guess if it's fake or genuine. They also don't wear uniforms, so spotting them out when it's crowded is pretty rough... Also note, the staff is on the very attractive level, not that it matters but I am just saying in case some of you are swayed by that factor. Now the decor isn't ugly it's just plain and not my cup of tea. If you sit at the bar and have a jacket or a sweater you want to take off, you have to put it on your stool and sit on it the entire time (OK I read this back and i know it makes me seem very spoiled but the truth shall be spoken)... Why I went? Scored a reservation for the fried chicken lunch on a Saturday. My party arrived a half hour before they opened and the line was pumping with avid ramen lovers. The fried chicken lunch (and dinner special) is 100 bucks and you can have up to 8 people dine on it; we had 6 people and the table was comfortable so I wouldn't recommend the full 8 unless everyone is on a tight budget and 100lbs soaking wet. Drinks are standard, the tap water doesn't taste like it came from the toilet, they offer root beer, bunch of wines for the classier folk as well. Everyone at my table ordered beer, and it seemed to be the all natural beers that I always see at Whole Foods (sorry men no Budweiser's and Corona's here). **We all got the pork steamed buns as an appetizer. This is by far on my top 10 favorite foods I have ever ate in NYC. I don't even think a description could do this item justice so I will leave it at that.** The Momofuku ramen is great (I hate using boring words like that but it's the only way i can describe it). The poached egg on top of all that delicious not to fatty pork meat is such a delicious blend. The bowl is also so big that it can be shared with few people if you aren't the greedy kind. The fingerling potatoes? ehh. It was okay but i think I'll pass next time. Bacon, scallion, and egg on potatoes sure it sounds good but it needed more bacon, more scallion, more egg... you get the idea. Anyone can make this dish at home probably even better. And finally, the fried chicken... my party was the only one with this special, people across the restaurant stared. Someone actually tapped me on the shoulder and offered my table money for a piece of the fried chicken - they begged. We laughed at first then realized they were serious, so we gave them a few of our pieces with some of the dipping sauces - though we didn't take money they told the waiter they were buying us all drinks! Thanks Karma my old friend ;) Two styles of fried chicken are served one is sort of buttermilk and that one was my absolute favorite! Such a crispy hard outside and an inside that really melts in your mouth a surreal fried chicken experience. the meal is complete with mu-shoo pancakes (unlimited) and dipping sauces that were all so unique and tasty. We didn't finish everything so we took home lots of chicken, pancakes, and dipping sauces for a late night snack... The meal ended with us making friends with a group of locals, satisfaction that lasted us all day (maybe weekend), and a wonderful soft serve ice cream indulgence.
When I think of ramen, being a college student unthinking the top ramen you put in a bowl and add hot water to it. Coming to a real ramen noodle restaurant for the first time my mind was blown. I order the momofuku ramen with the pork buns. The pork bums where juicy and tender. The sauce and the pickled cucumber melded together and it was absolutely delicious. As for the ramen, again mind blown. The ramen was smokey, and porky and salty and absolutely delicious. The noodles where cooked al dente and had a bite to them which I desire in any kind of noodle. I know now that this isn't tradition ramen. But I don't really care, it was absolutely delicious and I have been back multiple times. The reason I am giving it a four star is being the service, well there really wasn't a service. Each time I go I set down, I am handed a menu and a glass of water then asked what I want. Nothing more nothing less. But I highly recommend this place. You will not regret it.
The servers and atmosphere was nice, but I didn't like the food, felt that it was too hyped up. Ordered the kimchi rice cakes and they were aweful--way too salty and the pulled meat felt gross Wouldn't go back.
for fucks sake, who pays $15 for a bowl of ramen? granted, when it gets to your table, it looks great and taste great...but for $15!?! hell fucking no. take a trip to ktown or the various noodle shops in chinatown. you can get great noodles for $5-$8. il give him credit for creating some unique bowls of noodles, but as an asian, no way im spending $15 for a bowl of ramen that costs like $5 to make.
I had the spicy ramen and my boyfriend tried the fried pork ramen. Both were extremely flavorful and had lots of toppings. I don't really like it when places skimp on the meat or the extras but they were pretty generous   We also tried the pork buns. The mustard is pretty strong and fresh on there so it'll clear you're sinuses. If you're  into mustard you'd love the pork buns
Lesson learned: loftly expectations lead to underwhelming experiences. From the lonnnnng lines here you'd expect nothing short of amazing, but I'm sad to say I wasn't overwhelmed with the ramen here. Had the Momofuku Ramen. The egg was soooo perfectly poached and the noodles had a nice chewy texture, but the broth--one of, if not the most important aspect of ramen--was flavorless and overly salty. Haven't tried their pork buns yet. Maybe I'll change my mind later, but right now this is a 3 for me. The waiters were awfully nice here though. Ok fine, 3.5.
So true story. . . 2 friends and I spent 4 days in New York basically eating everything in sight.  It was 4-5 meals a day (and not the healthy 4-5 meals athletes eat, but the straight up clog-my-arteries 4-5 meals).   So at this point during our day we were deciding what to do and had already had breakfast, lunch and a 2lb cheesecake each (another review) and were looking for a snack before dinner.  I figured this was my chance to convince my friends to try Momofuku anything (I work in food business and read about the Momofuku Cult on a regular basis). So it is later afternoon, we are full and tired and lost, in New York.  My friends are not happy and have stopped talking to me at this point.  I ignore the stares of death and push on in my quest to find this freakin red door that is supposed to lead to this place.  After an hour of being lost (and later on I found out that my friends were ready to beat me senseless and leave me in the streets of NY because they were so mad at me getting them lost), we finally found it. We ordered two orders of pork buns and one order of ramen.  We ate and were just quiet, for about 10 seconds just looking at each other.  Wow.  That was all. Wow.  My friends told me later on that the pork buns were so good, they forgot that they were mad at me. So, Momofuku, you are a friend saver, and a god-send of pork buns and ramen.  I love you.  Do you have my robe ready?  I have been trying to join the cult for a while, let me in already. . .
It was good. But not worth $15. My friend and I both had the momofuku ramen. There were about 3 or 4 flimsy pieces of pork. The vegetables took up most of the space. I really like the poached egg, but that was pretty much it. The big bowl made it seem like a lot more than it actually contained. The broth was yummy. I really liked the decor and the wooden stools and the hidden hooks underneath to hang your bags. I felt very uncomfortable with the constant monitoring by our waitors, who at first seemed friendly, but after a while became overbearing. I never knew how good my peripheral vision was until today. I guess my expectations for a $15 bowl of ramen were too high. Maybe I'll try the other hot foods next time. If someone pays for me, that is.
Well, the food here was was dee-lish.  We split the ginger scallion noodles, corn, and pork bun.  I didn't think I'd like the noodles, as I usually don't like pickled veggies and ginger, but the flavors worked well together and I actually enjoyed the dish.  The corn was superb. I wasn't expecting much, but the spices and flavors gave it a Southwestern/Latin flavor and kick that I loved.   But the pork buns were definitely the highlight for me.  A set of two buns with scallions and hoisin sauce with two good sized pieces of fatty pork inside.  Yum.  I could eat this all the time.  Well, if I did, I'd be a dead man soon, but at least I'd be a happy man.  No 5 star review because it is a little pricey, but definitely a place I'd recommend checking out.
The Momofuku Ramen is pretty outstanding. The combination of pork belly, pork shoulder, ham and poached egg, along with Korean radishes, scallions, and the two perfectly placed crispy seaweed squares is extraordinary. And of course, the noodles. The taste is always satisfying, whether it's a really hot day, or you're freezing to the core because it's cold outside, the $16 bowl of Momofuku Ramen is top-notch. David Chang only uses locally-grown New York/Tri-State Area pork, eggs and noodles, so the price reflects a bold move on his part. And the taste certainly benefits and thrives because of this simple edict and use of ingredients. Of course, don't bother going to Momofuku if you're a vegetarian, because you will then be unable to enjoy one of Momofuku's centerpieces, which is the Steamed Pork Buns. My only complainant is that there are times the boyfriend and I get a bowl of the Momofuku Ramen that is a little heavy on salt. But for the most part, always great. And though I never have a problem getting a seat, being that I live two blocks away and have the science of going to Momofuku down perfectly (weekday lunch hours, or weekdays 5:30-7 pm), I recommend you time your visit planning on a long wait unless you can withstand the crowds or can arrive between the times I've noted.
Your friend lets you know she snagged a Saturday night fried chicken reservation at Momofuku Noodle, do you want to go? Hello, OF COURSE!!! An offer of a dinner table anywhere in the David Chang empire is a not-to-be-missed opportunity -- even if it's for 5:30pm and you'll be eating dinner before your grandparents. After reading about the fried chicken "feast" on the website, I realized that this is one of those meals you plan for all week: you stop eating chicken by Wednesday, swear off fried foods by Thursday, and the day of, it's a spartan Greek salad for lunch, all to save room and appetite for the fried chicken bonanza. And that it was. An enormous platter of both Korean fried (mostly wings, in a spicy/sweet glaze) and Southern fried (breasts and legs, in the most perfectly crisp batter spiced with Old Bay) is brought to the table within 15 minutes of being seated, along with pancakes and fixins to make a meat roll-up (fresh lettuce leaves, baby carrots, chopped radishes, basil, and 4 sauces: hoisin, scallion, chili, and soy/garlic/jalapeno). Eating it all was best accomplished with the hands, which made for an incredibly messy experience -- our table was the only one on which they'd laid down butcher paper over the blonde wood surface -- but they supply copious amounts of napkins and handi-wipes. While the Korean style was delicious, I liked the Southern style more because I prefer eating breasts/legs to wings and, being both juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside, and perfectly seasoned, it was pretty much the best fried chicken I've had. I should also mention we started with the pork bun appetizer and they were delicious (though I think I might prefer the flavors of the ones at Ippudo). So, all in all, a DELICIOUS meal, complemented by delicious beers (bottles of Orion and Session). My only gripes are that the chairs are uncomfortable (wooden blocks, no backs), the restaurant, when full, is crammed to what feels like beyond capacity, service is extremely rushed and brusque (whatever happened to excellent food AND excellent customer service?), and that when the busboy spilled one of the sauces in my lap as he was clearing the table, he just stared at the mess for a few seconds and then walked away without apologizing/acknowledging. NOTE: they accept a max of 4 credit cards per table
Man this place is slamming.  I decided to check this place out because I was happen to be in that neighborhood.  The shrimp and the noodles didn't stand a chance because I inhale them.  My only complaint is that it is pricey for a bowl of noodles and two pieces of shrimp.  But you get what you paying for.  And I love how the guys and girls work their butts off for those food.  I really appreciate how much they put their effort to make those meals to the customers.  Thank you.
Great Ramen? ehh.. maybe not. But it definitely is edible ramen and I will not complain about the flavor. With just a couple slices of pork, and a handful a ramen, the portions are not a stand-out either. Everything here is pretty average; pretty average taste, pretty average portions, pretty average ramen. But what I don't undertand is the not pretty average pricing. Momofuku Noodle Bar just feels like a cheap way to make a buck out of a great Momofuku chain. Situating itself in St. Marks does not really help, since there is a good amount of Ramen shops just nearby that don't charge $12 for average ramen.
Might have been perhaps the worst bowl of ramen I've had in NYC.  I'd actually prefer a cup of instant Shin-Ramen from the Korean deli.  I love the food at Ssam Bar and still trying to get a Ko reservation, so I'm not a Chang-hater or anything, it's just that the ramen here is truly awful.  And with Ippudo and Setagaya within walking distance, there's no real reason to suffer the waits & cramped space at Momofuku Noodle Bar
Sit near the kitchen and watch them cook. Pretty good scenery except the chefs looked kind of miserable. I can just tell from their facial expressions that they did not want to be there. Guess it was a busy day. Ramen was a little bit too salty. Stick with Ippudo if you want some good ramen. 2 stars for great pork buns. Can't go wrong with the porky fattiness!
My first experience at a David Cheng's restaurant, well done my friend well done. Just got back from a quick and first New York trip and i definitely bucket list this place before going..so I was super excited! When we arrived around noon on a Monday, my friend and I were lucky to be seated right away. The venue is great. Long seated bar runs across the vicinity and several family style tables line the other wall. I'm not too sure, but if you have a huge party..this might not work out too great. I think this location is best for 1-5 people. *a plus, nice little hooks are situated under the bar for all you ladies (and gentlemen) to hang your purse, backpacks, etc. Very nice touch. Our waitress was kind and very helpful. Gave us suggestions...provided us with what were the popular items and assisted us with our decisions when I couldn't decide between the Spicy Ramen and the famous momofuku Ramen. So..now onto the food. -Pork Buns- -This was a no brainer..that I ALMOST did not order *gasp* I know right... oh thank god I went with my gut and ordered this item. -Let me just say that initially it was hard for me to swallow paying $10 for two little pork buns.. -Well... lord i was BLOWN away!. -The roasted pork belly/loin/ I don't know what part of the pork was AMAZING. -succulent, juicy, moist, fatty, the perfect amount of salt. -Simple and all the natural delicious goodness of the pork just melted in your mouth. -I love how it wasn't overdone.. no extravagant seasoning..just simple..the way roast pork should be.. -it was huge. the chunk of pork was no joke. That pair with the slight spread of hoisin sauce.. YUP MONEY!. -Momofuku Ramen- -to be honest, I was disappointed. -skip this.. -not worth the $16 -Maybe I'm too accustomed to the fatty broth that they serve at Daikokuya and Santouka here back in LA...but the broth just didn't do it for me. All in all the four stars really was for the pork buns... Just order that.. maybe two orders and you will be set. I really can't wait to come back for more the next time i visit.
Delicious, great service, hosts that are honest about wait times, these momofuku restaurants have it going on. This noodle bar holds a special place in my heart, though.  Namely because they aren't trying to do traditional ramen so much, and what they do do is amazing.  I was only here for a quick bite, but my friend got the noodle soup with brisket.  It had a black pepper flavored broth that was delicious.  I was really impressed. Another impressive thing.  The pork buns.  Yes you all know about them.  tender and delicious and JUICY.  They are great, and I would argue that they are way better than the ones at Ippudo. In general, much to the dismay of many of you readers, I actually prefer this place over Ippudo.  This is entirely based on the food, not the ambiance or staff, both of which are great.  I just feel that the meat is so much more delicious and tender at Momofoku.  Just saying.
Ramen was awesome but pricey (for ramen).  It was worth it though.  And oh yeah, a bartender was really cute too.  Just kidding. Good, clean and fast.  I highly recommend it and I would definitely go eat there again.
We only came here to get the pork buns to go, while we were waiting at Ippudo.  The pork buns are similar to the ones at Ippudo.  Each bun came with 2 generous-sized cuts of pork belly, which were nice in their own textures.  There was some delicious green sauce with scallions and cucumbers, which I think makes it *tastier* than the pork buns at Ippudo. We contemplated sitting down here instead of Ippudo, since at ~8:30 on a Sunday night, there just happened to be 3 seats open right at the moment we walked in, but decided against it... and just a few minutes later, the seats were taken.
Was in NY for the weekend and had Momofuku Noodle Bar as our last meal before heading back to the airport.  We just got the pork and shitake mushroom buns "to go" but can i just say that it was so delicious.. i will be dreaming of them in LA.  These buns are different since it is open (like a taco) but because of this, they are able to put in the cucumbers which give it the perfect crunchy taste! love them.. A bit of a walk from the station...
We did the fried chicken dinner last weekend. And here is the deal..it's good but NOT great. The ramen is great as are the shrimp buns. Next time I'll just go for a regular dinner- and definitely drink elsewhere..the price on their meager and I mean MEAGER carafe of wine is laughably outrageous. HA HA HA...that was me laughing outrageously.
Sweet baby jesus, I am in love with Momofuku's pork buns! Came here during my visit to New York and I regret not stuffing 10 of those babies in my luggage. My favorite part about the classic Momofuku Ramen was the perfectly cooked egg that oozes yolk. The Cold Spicy Ramen was good but my lips were on fire so beware to those who think hot cheetos are spicy cuz this will rip you a new one. Lastly, the lychee slush was the best out of the three they serve. Overall it was a great first meal in New York!
Steam buns were yum.  I drool just thinking of them.  Pork was moist and melted in my mouth.  The noodles were mehh.  Fusion food is generally not my cup of tea.  I ordered ginger scallion noodles expecting noodle soup but got lo mein instead.  Kinda disappointed.  The chilled spicy noodles were nothing more than ground up chirizo with nuts and spinach.  I was envious of those with the fried chicken dinner though.  Only preorder.  Poo.  My boyfriend liked this place but I thought it was a long wait for decent but not fantastic goodness.
I am perplexed by all the hype this place gets. I went with 3 friends on a Thursday night and was lucky enough to be seated quickly (granted we got there around 7pm). We ordered a selection of buns (pork, shrimp and shitake) and each got a different ramen as well as a side of the octopus and asparagus salad and some soft serve for desert. The food was good, though I found it fairly unremarkable and certainly not worth an extensive wait. The place is cramped with totally non descript decor-- basic sort of Japanese minimalist with wooden tables and benches and stools. Its not the kind of place you linger or enjoy a long meal-- the ambiance and the fact that you are essentially always at a communal table with someone practically on top of you pretty much encourages you to eat and get the hell out of there. The fact that this place is also EXTREMELY expensive doesnt help either. The prices look reasonable until you realize that one pork bun that is about 3 inches wide is $12 and most of the dishes except teh ramens are small tapas size dishes that are all $15.$18! DInner for 4 with 4 beers, and the above mentioned food was over $300!  I definitely will not be returning.
Ah-MAZING. Everything was perfectly balanced and tasty with the exception of the sausage buns. I thought there was too much mustard but that was an easy fix by wiping it off. I felt the mustard overpowered the flavors of the other elements on the bun. We ordered: Grape slushy 4/5 Sake 4/5 Shrimp bun 5/5 Sausage bun 3/5 Miso spicy ramen 4/5 Momofuku ramen 4/5 Peanut soft serve 3/5
I was wondering why this place doesn't have good reviews, and now I know.  It is almost a disappointment to David Chang that they produce very mediocre ramen.  I should say the ramen from Slurping noodle in Chicago (please refer to my review) is definitely better than this one.  This comes as a shock to me because, after watching PBS documentary about Mr. Chang, I thought his ramen was going to be one of a kind. I had momofuku ramen with the usual pork bun, which never disappoints.  As for ramen first of all noodle and soup really didn't integrate together.  Soup was too bland.  Noodle was too hard to feel the smooth experience of overall ramen eating.  They put one piece of pork as garnish.  I thought that was too stingy.  I know I haven't tried that many places in the city, but I am pretty sure it shouldn't be that hard to find ramen places better than this one.
Used to live upstairs from Momofuku but quickly put it on my "there are plenty of other fish in the sea" list after the my first week in the hood and meal 2.  Yes the decor is lovely and the crowd is pretty special and cool and hip and actually who isn't in NY really?   had two dishes and sake and here's the scop: The signature dish, The Momofuku soup, with soba noodles, happy pork, fresh egg and fish cake was authentic I 'm sure but you can get authentic in chinatown for 1/2 price (and no attitude).   The oysters on the half shell were served pre-dressed with a mirin-soy mignonette  and ,when I asked for a utinsel to free the little bivalves from their snug home, I was given a sneer noticeable enough to raise my hackles.  Grrrr.... Recommendation #1: Soup is soup and shouldn't cost $14 at lunchtime. Period. Recommendation #2: Oysters should be served undressed, sauce on side and either with an oster fork or shucked such that the little sucker is no longer attached.  Period. Recommendation #3: You live in New York, home to the best Chinatown in the Northern Hemisphere- leave the safety zone of trendy cool, asian joints and go straight to the source.  Or you can be a sheep. OK, stepping off soapbox... enjoy
Always busy.  Full of hype...a bit overrated. I liked the old Momofuku better.   This has the feel of a crowded suburban ramen chain run by college students. Pork buns are a must.  The ramen is definitely good but a bit overpriced considering it still is ramen.  I do recommend the Kim Chi stew.  That is delicious.  It's always really crowded, service isn't too great either. While I was there our order was late and others who arrived after us and ordered the same dishes got their food ahead of us.  They did recognize this and comped us a dish which was appropriate and considerate but we still ended up missing our movie. In an area filled with ramen shops, I do think it's good but won't come back here until I've tried all the others.
I'd read about this place for years and finally had the opportunity to check it out.  I took the advice some fellow diners, and other yelpers, and had the pork buns and the octopus.  Pork buns were as advertised....off-the-charts delicious.  The octopus was also very good, as was the Momofuku sake, which I thought was a bargain for the price and taste.  My portion of the bill came to $71 with tip. Ok, so why only three stars?  The seating.  No issues with the wait, even with the limited waiting area.  No problem with community seating.  In Japan that's expected, as in NY.  The difference is that in Japan, they leave enough room for the servers and guests to navigate the aisles without constantly bumping into the seated.  Kinda turned dinner into s contact sport. I'm happy I went for the pork buns and to check this off my wish list of restaurants I want to try.  In my opinion, Totto Ramen is better, more authentic, and one-third th price.
I like tasty buns and I cannot lie... Yes, the buns are one of the best things on the menu. I've tried all three kinds, pork, shitake and chicken and they're all good but the pork is the standout of the three. Momofuku is a flavor rush from every angle. I think each dish gives you something different. Last dine we had the bok choy, rice cakes, and summer zucchini. All were distinct and delicious. We also had the Chilled Spicy Noodles and the Ginger Scallion Noodles, which were another set of flavor explosions. Amateurs beware...the Chilled Spicy Noodles with the sausage and cashews is SPICY!!!! HOT LIKE FIRE!!!! I love spicy food, but just FYI when ordering. Additionally, the portion sizes are large on the noodles, so don't think "OMG, $12 for a noodle bowl!" because it's more like two noodle bowls. Take half home and enjoy again. Personally, I enjoyed my other half later on cold, and it was just as delicious. All in all, culinary mastery! **Deal Seeking Diva tip** Check out the $20 prix fixe 3-course lunch, good way to try three things at a good price!
Pork Buns...enough said.  With a bottle of Sriracha on the side to decorate your bun to your heart's content.  Don't salivate when you see my picture of these buns.
It IS all it's cracked up to be...food-wise, flavor-wise, ambiance-wise! In fact, my bowl of Vegetable Ramen was perhaps the MOST DELICIOUS of all the meals I enjoyed during a week in Manhattan.  But, watch out for the bad attitude and foul language from Sous Chef Tim.  If you're sitting at the kitchen bar...his bad energy could creep into your otherwise great experience...but only if you let it.  Poor guy.  Enjoy!
I am in love.     After a few hours of walking around and shopping, we thought we'd try our luck and stop by Momofuku around 4pm (they close for lunch at 5pm).... maybe they had room for us. We walked in, and were immediately seated at the bar! Since this was our "afternoon snack" (lol), we decided to get two appetizers, and one entree and split it (there were 4 of us girls). Our server was really nice, and recommended sharing (shocker!) because of the large portion entree. Before our order arrived, we got small glasses of their soju slushies: watermelon, hibuscus and dark storm (or something like that). The watermelon was my favorite, hibiscus was good too with it's floral notes. The dark storm was weird. Too spicy (ginger) and too strong for my liking. It reminded me of this old Dutch herbal remedy my Mom gave us as kids for tummy ache (and which I still turn to today!). But do I want that flavor in a slushie, no thanks. I drank up the watermelon one.   We went with the cured fluke appetizer and the pork belly steamed buns. The cured fluke was very good, very clean and fresh and accompanied with watermelon, something crunchy (?) and what looked like rice crispies. Together, it worked perfectly and was a nice teaser. The pork belly steamed buns came next. Can I just say that this dish may just have changed my palate for life! First bite is somewhat of a slow-motion effect... you bite into the bun, the pork belly is sooooo tender it literally melts in your mouth like pork butter (hello!)... then the added crunch of pickled cucumber and scallions and some sauce. Absolutely, utterly, completely delicious. While we were still dreaming and sharing adoration of these steamed buns that we'd just devoured, our pork belly ramen arrived. A huge bowl of it brought to the table, along with four smaller bowls for sharing. One of us so efficiently portioned out the ramen into each bowl as we all stared on, waiting impatiently. The pork belly ramen was good. The broth is delicious, and is a serious bowl of comfort food. Should you get it when you go? Definitely. I can see why there are only about 20 items on the menu... each is done superbly well! Momofuku... was pure porky goodness. We were in heaven, and cannot wait to get back there for those steamed buns!
Momofuku Noodle Bar is insanely good! When I went here, it was super crowded but it wasn't hard to see why since the food smell was so magically delicious! My party expected to wait since we dropped in for dinner on a Friday night without reservations so I started to scope out what people were eating in the meanwhile. I ended up ordering the Spicy Chilled Noodles and it was definitely not what I would expect to get from a ramen noodle house. There was no soup but instead there were thick and spicy ramen noodles that were chilled and doused with some oil dressing, topped with spicy pork sausages, candied cashews, and fresh spinach. This is a dish that packs a punch and leaves you feeling satisfied. I know I was! The restaurant can be pretty claustrophobic if it's super busy, but if you don't mind the crowd and are craving ramen, this is a joint you MUST try!
The Boyfriend and I were wandering around the East Village after making a pitstop at an iPhone repair shop. We had no idea where to eat for lunch - until we stumbled onto Momofuku Noodle Bar. We've heard about the insane wait times during dinner so we thought, 'hey, why not try it now?' We started off with their Pork Buns ($10.00), which aren't on the menu but written on the blackboards along the walls of the restaurant. They come two to an order and were absolutely delicious. I love that they use hoisin sauce instead of spicy mayo - when it comes to buns, I prefer hoisin sauce. The pork belly was super tender and practically melted in my mouth. Based on personal preference (hoisin sauce!), I have to say this is the best pork bun I've had. I went with the Momofuku Ramen, which has pork belly, pork shoulder and a poached egg. First off, I absolutely loved the poached egg. It's different from other ramen places, who serves soft-boiled eggs with their ramen. The ramen noodles themselves were pretty good - very bouncy and chewy. However, I felt that the broth itself wasn't as good as many other ramen restaurants. It was nice but not as flavorful as I'm used to. For dessert, we went with Lucky Charms Soft Serve, which I had no idea even existed until our waiter told us the flavor of the day. It was so good! It tastes like the milk that's left after you finish your bowl of Lucky Charms. I loved it! I'd definitely come back for the pork buns and the ice cream but I'd pass on the ramen.
Eh. Stopped by for dinner tonight. If you are planning to go on a weekend, if you pretend you are going for a late lunch and get there at 5:15  and wait for it to open at 5:30, you will not have to wait the ridiculous times that other people mention.  We walked by at 5:15 and there were about 10 people. We walked around for a little bit and when we returned at 5:25 there were about 40 people (and more came after us) and those who showed up at 5:30 weren't able to be seated right away. I had the spicy miso chicken ramen. The chicken was good and had some crispy bits to it. The broth was not terribly spicy which was fine with me but not much miso flavor either. The broth overall was disappointing and lacked complexity. Noodles were alright but not the best. Overall for $15, it was way overpriced for the quality. And why wasn't it hot? When I get ramen, I want a steaming hot bowel in front of me! My husband had the ginger noodles and was disappointed there was no broth and it wasn't totally clear from the menu. He seemed to like them. I poached some and they were tasty, but reminded me of  some $5 noodles I've eaten near flushing. It seems everyone likes the pork buns. I've had pork buns from their milk bar and they were good but not amazing. Maybe they are different? Service was good.   Overall decent but would not go again and I would not recommend their ramen
BRING BACK THE ROASTED RICE CAKES!! that was the sole reason i went this past Monday and they took them off the menu..grrr i did try their kimchee stew and rice cakes with oxtail ragu which were both new to the menu and amazing---but dag nabbit! i wanted those rice cakes :( it was also funny seeing tyra banks there with her stank face and sitting with her party of 2 at their own communal table, non-communalizing..  booo
The wait is a bit obnoxious, but it's a small place so I wasn't expecting different. The pork buns, shiitake buns, and kimchi stew are my favorite dishes. I wasn't a fan of the ramen at all, but the rest of my table was. We also tried the chicken wings, whose sauce was a good mix of sweet and spice, however they were all bone. I'm obsessed with tri-tip meat and haven't found it in too many restaurants, so when I saw it on the menu I just had to order it- very disappointing (overcooked)! I hear Ko is unreal (same owners). I'm going to try it next. I thought it was overrated. I'd just get the buns as take out and call it a night!
We came for the fried chicken dinner, and it was delicious. If they were only two chickens, they were two really, really big chicken. We only came as a party of 6, but I think the dinner suits that size quite well. The pork buns are, again, delicious, and a nice drink selection makes the overall dining experience very enjoyable.
Holy. Moly. This place is INcredible!! Arrived at 730p Friday night with a party of 4, probably waited about 30 minutes and ended up being seated at the end of the bar by the window (the part that curls around so you can still sit across from people and see them and not be sitting laterally), which turned out to be really nice-- because it resembles a slight alcove, it blocked a lot of the commotion and noise, without losing ambience, and of course we were practically engulfed by the window, which made us feel like we were almost on the sidewalk, which we liked.   Anyway, our waiter was AWWEEESOME.  Little hipster Asian dude in Ray Ban glasses (can't remember his name).  He came out to tell us the specials for the night and upon our first question "What do you recommend, we've never been here before", he goes "Ohh... Okay I'll break you little virgins in..." and proceeded for nearly five minutes straight (that's actually really long) to tell us exactly what is good in each category, what it's comprised of, why he likes it, and how he thinks we should order it.  We were floored with his spiel, he nearly didn't take a breath and pretty much decided for us, he convinced us so thoroughly, ha!  But we loved it because the menu was a bit overwhelming in descriptions, albeit small.   So here's what we ended up getting (to share): One Prix Fixe   long bean salad   pan fried skate   roasted hanger steak   angel food cake AND tristar strawberry lemonade, on the house, because he liked us ;) Steamed Pork Buns Diver Scallops Heirloom Tomatoes Roasted Corn Chilled Spicy Noodles Everything is out of this world delicious.  Tastes that you don't get elsewhere, they're so unique-- like the corn, for example, such an ordinary dish, but it was soooo unbelievable, whatever the kernels were coated in.  YUM!   The total came to about $150 for the four of us and I think we left about a $40 tip.  The portions are small, so you have to order a lot to feel like you're going to be filled up, but you also eat so slow as the courses come rolling in, so you have more time to digest and feel like you're getting more than you probably are. ;)  Overall, the bang is in the buds, not the bulk.  A definite must try on a night out you want to treat your tongue and yourself to a little splurge.
When a friend presented me with an invite to a Momofuku fried chicken dinner, I thought, hmmm.  I usually don't eat chicken.  Then I thought again.  David Chang is a culinary genius, and I decided I'd be stupid to miss the chance to experience one of his most popular creations. We had a reservation for 6 on a Saturday night at 10pm, and were seated promptly.  There was no making us wait by the door until our whole party arrived.  There was no making us wait until 10:20 to sit down even though we had a 10:00 reservation.  None of that nonsense.  We had a 10:00 reservation at one of the busiest restaurants in town, and when we arrived at 10, we were seated. While we were waiting for the last two people in our party to arrive, several friendly wait staff came by to get our drink order and ask if we wanted appetizers.  We had taken a look at the "snacks" listed on the chalk boards on the wall, and were also eyeing the small plates menu.  Not fully understanding how humongous the fried chicken dinner would be, we ordered one plate of brussels sprouts, 2 plates of shitake steamed buns and a small jar of kimchi, along with a $40 bottle of some fancy Spanish white wine I can't remember the name of.  The wine and our appetizers began arriving at the table within 5 minutes of our order, and perfectly timed too.  Our wine came immediately.  Next were the brussels sprouts and the kimchi, which we were allowed to savor and appreciate on their own.  When the waiter saw that we were almost done with the brussels sprouts, he brought out the steamed buns.  I was impressed that we were getting such perfect service when the place was teeming with people and packed to capacity the entire time we were there. The brussels sprouts were flavored with a light sauce that tasted of bacon, but the menu also said a little kimchi flavor had been thrown in.  They were steamed to perfection and had a pleasant crunch that balanced the smoky spiciness of the sauce.  The steamed buns were also delicious -- tasty grilled shitake mushrooms enclosed in impossibly smooth, perfect bun wraps that had just the right texture of chewiness and sponginess. My favorite appetizer, however, was the kimchi.  I loved how it came in a little jar, because it reminded me of how my mom makes kimchi and puts it in glass jars.  When we popped open the jar and started eating, mmm!  Not as good as mom's of course, but interesting in its own way.  It tasted fresh, but also had the right amount of sour to it, as if it had been aged a few days.  There was also a lot of sugar in it, so it was a nice sweet variety.  I could have eaten two jars of it all by myself. After a brief break, on came the fried chicken dinner.  Four sauces: ginger-scallion in a nice rich oil, bibim (packed with Korean gochujang -- yay!), garlic-jalapeno (with BIG chunks of garlic and jalapeno, in a soy-flavored sauce) and hoisin.  The platter of fried chicken that was the centerpiece of the meal was, I kid you not, enough food for 8 people!  At least!  There was a traditional southern-style fried chicken with Old Bay seasoning, and a spicier Korean-style fried chicken that came in smaller pieces.  Also accompanying the meal were unlimited homemade moo-shu wrappers (served up in those flat plastic tortilla containers with the lids like a taqueria) and unlimited big bowls of fresh veggies -- buttery lettuce leaves, baby carrots, radish pieces and sesame leaves.  I loved all of the traditional Korean touches and flavors that came with the meal, and of course I took a big lettuce leaf and dipped it in the bibim sauce. Mmmm! The chicken was great too.  I appreciated it for its textures and flavors -- the meat was tender and never overcooked, and somehow managed to retain its juiciness as well. It paired perfectly with the moo-shu wrappers and fresh, crispy raw veggies.  The sauces were unlimited too, so we ordered more of the ginger scallion sauce and poured generous spoonfuls of it onto our plates.  We were loving it.  The American, Korean and Chinese aspects of the meal blended so seamlessly and perfectly, and we appreciated it all so much! The whole time, our waiter was so great about refilling our moo-shu wrappers and veggies before we ran out.  And because he took such good care of us, we never ran out.  I really loved the perfectly timed, friendly, no-bullshit service at Momofuku.  And we were allowed to take as long as we wanted.  The bill?  Just $30 each.  A great bargain for a gourmet meal! What else can I say?  This was a wonderfully unique food experience created by someone who so clearly loves the unlimited possibilities that the world's cuisines represent.  I am so glad the Momofuku restaurants are a part of the East Village, and I look forward to trying all the wonderful creations they have yet to make!
Was expecting the wait to be an hour but luckily, there was no wait when my friend and I got there. We crammed into a seat at a long table in the back. Service was average but that was because there were many people to serve and not enough waitstaff for all those people. I had the shiitake mushroom buns and the soft serve peanut butter ice cream. I enjoyed both a lot! I would like to go back and try the ramen and hope that I won't have to wait to get seated again! :)
At Noodle Bar "I die" - as Rachel Zoe would say ... And if weren't watching Bravo marathons randomly today I wouldn't know that. But this is one of the top 5 food experiences I've had in NYC. Pork bun was divine. And Ramen with pork = heaven. Prepare to have too much pork for just one fork, er chopstick ... lots of pork here, delicious, hmmmm pork. If you're a fan of pork, belly or whatnot, run don't walk. It's also refreshing to have a culinary experience that's relatively affordable and not pretentious and full of scenesters.. Anything goes here in terms of who you are, how you're dressed, what your deal is -- it's all about devouring deliciousness.
Came back here again because of all the hype - still giving it just 3 stars. The noodles here pale in comparison to those at Ippudo and Totto Ramen. The wait is always ridiculous. Overall this place is really over-hyped.
I went there specifically to experience the ramen but it was unfortunately very disappointing. I expected the soup to be rich, thick and full of flavor but all I tasted was salt here. With the star of the ramen being the perfectly runny eggs, the noodles were a close second with just the right amount of al dente-ness. However, the service was only average as we had to wait more than 5 minutes for a bottle of beer, on a Monday afternoon. The sausage bun was also average to below-average as it tasted like spicy homemade spam. With the entire lunch (beer, one sausage bun, two momofuku noodles) costing more than $65, I will be going to minca for my ramen fix going forward.
Came to this place last week with a friend. The place look nice and i came here to check out what all the hype was about. The pork belly buns was amazing it had so much flavor that it melts in your mouth. The momofuku noddle soup was a bit too salty then the i way i like it but it was great. But the momofuku ramen with the pork belly, pork shoulder and poached egg is to die for according to my friend that had it that night. Overall its was a great experience trying the food and i will be back to try the other amazing food.
The first time I came here--about 6 months prior to my most recent experience, I was highly satisfied with this place--might have even given it 5 stars. I've been trying to get people to go here with me forever, but because of the price (16 dollars for ramen!! what??) most everyone declined. I was finally able to coax my roommate and about 5 of his friends to go out with me to Momofuku. I had, had the house ramen last time and thought it was phenomenal--but I wanted to try something different so I went with the squash summer salad (12 dollars). As we waited so hungrily for our meal I noticed the service staff/ waiters frantically running around with their heads cut off. Every sip I took of my drink was refiled. Excessive? Rushed? Just a little. Then the salad came: for 12 dollars I received 5 slices of finely cut squash which was topped off with candied cashews and watercress. It was like going into a Spanish restaurant for tapas and only ordering one dish.  It just wasn't worth 12 dollars when everyone else, for a little more $$$ got giant bowls of noodles. To top it off the sald wasn't even good. I tried the ramen my roommate had ordered--and it seemed different from my last experience: More salt and slightly bland. Overall it was a very disappointing experience--I just hope Milk Bar won't turn on me as well.
Love the fast turn over and side by side seating. Cramped but busy. The pork buns are a definite hit...moist, soft and filled with delicious pork, folded in a fluffy bun....hmmmm. Wish it was 3 for $9 as opposed to 2. Ramen is okay, the noodles and broth are way below Ippudo but the add-ons make it an interesting meal. You should go....
It's an OK place to go for lunch if you want to have ramen in NYC. The wait time is short and you can be in-and-out of there in an hour. For dinner, the wait time is average at 1 hour or less. If you haven't been to Momofuku, I think you should try it at least once. It's a decent place with decent food. If you have tried other ramen places such as Ippudo or Totto, you will find Momofuku's ramen only slightly above average. Besides ramen, Momofuku's buns are very popular. They are very similar to the Peking duck buns I've had elsewhere, except with different ingredients. Only downsides-- a bit overpriced, and small portion for the ramen. I believe they did that so you will have room for buns, sides and desserts.
A bit tired from our red eye flight from the Bay Area, we made the walk from our hotel in Chelsea to Momofuku Noodle Bar.  We were there early and kept walking around until noon hit.  By that time we were all hungry and looking forward to the fried chicken, which we were lucky enough to score a reservation just a few days before. We were seated at a table that was specially wrapped with a paper table cover for those with reservations for the fried chicken.  We ordered our drinks and also ordered some pork buns.  Our server let us know it would take about 20 minutes for the fried chicken to come out. In the mean time, we got our pork buns.  Man were they good!  Nice yummy pork covered in a hoisin like sauce and served in a steam bun similar to those used for duck that you usually see at Chinese banquets. Next up was the chicken.  Half southern fried style, half Korean fried style. The Korean fried style was so good!  The only other Korean style fried chicken I've ever had is 99 Chicken in Santa Clara, which is good too, but man oh man, Momofuku's was just so much better! The southern fried style was OK.  Everybody at our table mentioned it was a bit salty for our tastes. When we were close to getting ready to leave, Mario Batali, in his famed orange Crocs, sits down at the table right next to us.  Their table was also wrapped.  You know what that means, fried chicken! One thing we didn't get to try but in which I wanted to, was their ramen.  There's always our next trip Momofuku! Oh yea, one last thing, I think the perfect plate at Momofuku would be half Korean style fried chicken and half pork buns!
ive tried the fried chicken dinner, as well as their a la carte dishes.  honestly, it's all too over-hyped.  ive tried ssam and milk bar too, and i wish i can see what others are seeing.   fried chicken dinner friday late dinner, 11:55 pm, 4 friends fried chicken - I preferred the korean style while a couple of the guys preferred the southern.  I always hated old bay, so it shouldn't be a surprise that I wasn't a huge fan of the southern style.  I thought it tasted burnt and way too salty.  The lettuce and wrap did make it a bit better though.  The sauces, vegetables, and wrap does make the whole experience a bit more different and unique but it was A LOT of food for 4 diners.  I would highly recommend a party larger than 6, even if the 4 diners have been famished for days. A La Carte Menu various times momofuku ramen - it's ok, too salty, and other places just do it sooo much better chilled spicy noodles - it's not really chilled and the noodles were too over cooked pork buns - this is one thing on the menu that momo has on lockdown.  they definitely have the best in the city service - it's just whatever would i go back - if i was being treated to the meal
Given all the hype this place has gotten, I was very disappointed.   I came on a weekend night a couple of months ago.  The space itself is nice, their pork buns were flat out excellent, and props for serving RC Cola.  Nice!   I love a good bowl of ramen, so I was expecting their namesake dish, the "momofuku ramen" to be nothing short of excellent.  Wrong.  The truth of the matter is, the noodles were good but the broth was just salty and generally tasteless.  Perhaps I'm missing the point of this place, but judging it purely on the merits of it being a ramen joint, it left much to be desired.
My buddy is an East Village resident, so we always hit up a few places when I'm down to visit. We got two orders of the pork buns for 3 people. They were excellent (but a little small for the price). Then we all ordered the ramen with the poached egg, pork belly and pork shoulder. It was excellent, save for the fact that it was very salty. At $16 it seemed a tad overpriced (but that is expected at any place with a celebrity chef, isn't it?). The Lone Star beer seemed a little out of place, but I'm not complaining because I love the stuff. All in all, a solid meal with New York prices. I'd definitely recommend the place to friends, but there are definitely better places in the city.
The ramen is ok, but it is extremely salty. I could barely have any of the broth, which is what I usually savor with noodle soups :(. I also felt it was a little expensive for essentially a couple bits of pork and some noodles. The pork buns were good. Not the best I've ever had, but solid. Decor is really nice.
Gave the other 2-star reviews the old yelp discount and tried it anyway. The Good: the pork buns were good, the pickled vegetables were good, and the tea egg was good. The Bad: fried chicken dinner was 2 chickens, one buttermilk and one korean style. Huge amount of food. Very very salty. Not just brined chicken salty--the crust and everything. Korean was better. Ramen also too salty. Seating is also bad--hard, backless wooden stools. Very uncomfortable. Lastly, they have a B from inspector in window-not good.(though Per Se has a C, so what does that mean?)
Let me preface this review by saying that I love the food here, and my first trip here was amazing. My second trip on the other hand, not so good. I always engorge myself on the pork buns, and every appetizer they have is delicious. The pickled veggies are crispy briny deliciousness, and the soy sauce eggs, and chicken wings are fairly memorable. I enjoy the ramen, but I would rather spend my appetite on an extra order of pork buns. The reason that I didn't enjoy my second visit here, is because I had the worst service ever! They were rude, smug, and definitely unaccommodating. I was furious when I left here, and vowed not to go back, so guess I'll have to get my pork buns at Momofuku Milk from now on.
4.5 stars - definitely deserves the round up, and not down unlike everyone else i wanted to hate this place, but could not.  for some reason i cannot explain i was set to be underwhelmed, ready to say ippudo is better, other ramen is cheaper, this place is too self consciously hip, etc. i apologize, david chang. i should not have doubted you. i came in, alone, around 7 pm on a saturday. there was a ridiculous line, of course, but one of the nice things about eating alone is that one can often bypass that nonsense. I said how long a wait for one, she said , about a minute. she was overestimating. i sat down at the bar 30 seconds later. first i had some appetizers from the raw bar - 2 scallops and 2 oysters. the scallops were ok,  but overpriced, for what they were. they oysters, probably also overpriced, but i did not care. they were from washington state, but i can't recall the variety, served with a lightly spiced grated fennel on top. these were really some of the best oysters i've ever had briny and creamy at the same time, not overly large, and not overpowered by the fennel, but enhanced by it. I wish i had forgone the scallops and gotten a half dozen of these gems. i think got the eponymous ramen (a good policy, i believe i have stated before, if a place has a food in it's name order that food there. if a dish has the exact same name as place, order it. if they can't do that well, why explore further) the momofuku ramen was delicious. the broth had a deep mushroom undertone hanging off a porky backbone. the poached egg was perfectly cooked, the noodles had the exact right texture, the pork belly was excellent quality - maybe not with the full on umami found in the buns, but - yum. add to that some naruto fish cake, 2 sheets of nori, and a big pile of shredded pork, and you have a happy eating experience. for a beverage i had a good rich imperial from pennsylvania - i think victory was the brewery while the cuteness of the woman serving is not a factor in my rating , if it were it would add a star, easily.
I came here and got a spot for 2 on a Tuesday evening around 7:30.  There was no wait, but I think bigger groups may have to deal with a short wait, but a table of 2 or 3 should be easy to just walk in during the week. This place got a lot of hype, but I think it falls short compared to other ramen places in the area.  The regular bowl of ramen was decent, had big pieces of meat, but not sure if it was worth the price (about $15).  We also got the chicken wings and again they were average, but definitely not worth the price.  Being in the East Village, you can definitely find better value elsewhere.
I've been going to Ippudo consistently for the past 6 months.  I'm absolutely hooked.  But I keep hearing from so many people about this place and how much I should try it out. So I finally go...seeking either: 1) A better and more tasty newdle 2) Confirmation that Ippudo is king Well.  I must say I have to go with the latter.  I found the noodles (and the experience in general) more of a 'meh'.  It was good don't get me wrong...But it was good it but it was no Ippudo.  Plus they have a pretty small (and slightly pricey) beer selection. - Better than average noodles - Small beer selection So really that leaves me with this question...Would I go again?  Not really.  Don't see a need.  They don't have a beer I like, the noodles were just above average, and all in all it ended up costing more for the equivalent meal at Ippudo. So, no.  No real reason to go back when you know there is something better that costs less a few blocks away.
Heavenly buns of love!! 2 pork buns + 1 ramen pork/egg bowl = east village sanctuary of all things culinary. Thank you Momofuku.  I love your large, fresh noodle bowls full of pork stomach and shoulder, poached egg, thick broth and slurpy, salty goodness.  I need nothing more.  You are the mama to my fuku. xoxo   PS- Have you thought about taking things west? LA is hungry.
NOT worth the hype!!!  I was in town from LA where I eat ramen, pho, soba & udon all the time. I heard amazing things about this place and was excited as hell to finally check it out!  Momofuku's "famous noodles" were way below mediocre -- bland, tasteless, and overwhelmed by a pound of shredded chewy unseasoned pork. The pork buns were just OK -- definitely undercooked -- still moist and doughy. The Shitake Buns were better but overall this forgettable meal came with a $75 pricetag... for 2 noodle bowls, 2 orders of buns and 1 beer which we split. I wouldn't even go back for free. Be wary of this uber-trendy hot spot... it looks like a million bucks but it's really just a polished turd!
Love this place. The hype is true and the line you will wait on to eat here is worth it.
me: what was the name of the place we went to last? she: what place? me: we had noodles she: i dont remember where we went.  oh.  momofuku.
Pork lovers, rejoice! (MN does use quite a bit of pork, but there are plenty of non-pork and vegetarian options for those adverse to pig). My only prior experience with the quickly rising 'fuku empire was with Ssam Bar, and I was not impressed. So, when a friend suggested we check out Noodle for lunch, I was hesitant. I'm glad I did, and I enjoyed it so much, I took some friends back for dinner the following night despite their no reservations policy. Made with fatty, sweet/savory pork belly and accented with scallions, plum sauce, and slices of cold, pickled cuke, the pork buns are excellent. My personal favorite was the charred baby octopus with seaweed salad. The tatsoy (greens) with sauteed rice cake special was the perfect veggie addition to the meal. The ramen is excellent, but I recommend sharing one or two among your party - ask for extra small bowls - and focusing on some of their more exotic dishes. One in particular, which was a special at dinner the night we went, was the nori (seaweed) noodles with peaky toe crab. The four of us were dueling with our chopsticks for every last bite of the dish. Ironically, I think the non-ramen dishes are the clear standouts , but everything here is excellent. Unless your pounding the drinks, prices are very affordable compared to other places with food of this caliber. I'm now keenly interested in jumping into the frey for the impossible-to-get Ko reservations...
The shrimp bun was okay. Just tasted like a lot of spicy mayo (which I like the flavor of, but not really something I want to pay $5 each for). The momofuko ramen, however, was pretty darn good. The noodles had a great texture, the broth was smokey, and there was a good amount of meat. It's worth trying once, but I wouldn't pay $16 for it more than once.
It took me four years to finally try Momofuku Noodle Bar, and sadly, it didn't live up to my expectations.  Ok I lied, the pork buns were f*cking amazing!  Ramen on the other hand, I can't really say the same.  I'm more use a deep, rich and fatty broth of Daikokuya in LA.  Momofuku's was quite the opposite.   Service was great though and I had a awesome view of the kitchen while seated at the bar.  Even for NY, my lunch was on the pricier side, I think I paid $35 (included tip) for the Momofuku ramen and pork buns. Don't worry David, you're still my favorite celebrity chef!
After double and triple checking that my friend didn't mean "13th and 2nd" when he said "10th and 1st", I headed on over. I was positive that he meant the Ssam bar. Little did I realize that Momofuku has about a million locations within a 3 block radius. Well, I had already been to the Ssam bar and am always up to try new things so off I went to 10th and 1st. We waited for about half an hour at 7pm on a Wednesday night - not bad for a place that was completely packed. I went for the Momofuku ramen, my friends got the spicy noodle bowl (I forget the actual name) and the ginger scallion bowl. A few things: 1.I was surprised that there weren't more spicy dishes. I'm not a huge fan of nuts in my dinner foods so I just ended up dousing my bowl in hot sauce. Good thing they have an awesome hot sauce 2. They also don't do well with vegetarian dishes, my veg. friend was quite bored with her bowl 3. The waitress said the spicy noodle bowl was "really spicy"... not so 4. I expect a decent portion of meat in my ramen bowls but sad to say the portion of pork belly was easy to miss, as were the vegetables. I mean, I guess in all fairness it is called the "noodle" bar, but seriously? I guess I will have to make sure I hit all points on my food pyramid elsewhere. In short, I was not nearly as impressed with this place as I was with the Ssam bar. Don't get me wrong. This place ranks far above many of the establishments in the East Village when it comes to atmosphere, decor and friendliness but the food just doesn't cut it. And I would take flavor over ambience any day. If you can only go to one of these, go to the Ssam bar and get the pork buns and the duck sandwich. DUCK SANDWICH! Yum!
The pork buns were some of the best I've had - love the fluffy white bread and sandwich-style wrap rather than the totally closed version of a pork bun. Reasonably priced cloudy sake to share. I ordered the chilled spicy noodles - um, wow. My mouth was on fire. I'm not a wuss when it comes to spicy food, but I haven't tasted food this hot since dining at a private Szechuan kitchen in Hong Kong. It was good, and I was thankful for the cool temperature to balance out the spicy heat. Not sure I would order it again, it's a very intense dish to eat and I couldn't finish it. Agree with other Yelpers that the food is somewhat overpriced.
This review is solely for the Momofuku Ramen, which is the only thing I ate here.  If I try more items here, I will update this review accordingly. Anyway, I came here with a friend and I ordered the namesake ramen.  With it came a poached egg, standard veggies, and some meat.  The broth was rather unimpressive - in fact I left a good chunk of it uneaten because I thought the broth was overly salty!  The soup itself didn't seem to have that much flavor besides some kind of dark sauce and the flavoring from the meat (read on).  The bowl had pork shoulder in it, but it looked quite raw (pink!) and in fact this made the whole bowl taste like BACON SOUP - all you people who think that bacon makes everything taste better, well, I beg to differ - I don't want BACON SOUP with my RAMEN.  The noodles were good and quite chewy but alas even the best noodles cannot save a bowl of mediocre broth. Also, service was meh - the waitress didn't really care about us after she took our order, and most of the time it was other people refilling our waters anyway. Anyway, I always saw Momofuku top the BEST RAMEN lists, and honestly, this was one of the few times I have been sorely and utterly disappointed by ramen.  I felt like I just threw $21 ($16 + tax/tip) down the drain. Be prepared to sit at the bar if necessary since this place is super crowded.  There are no backs, so sitting hunched over and eating ramen can be uncomfortable!
One of my friends scored a chicken dinner reservation and I couldn't refuse.  We arrived for our 6pm reservation on the dot and were seated immediately in the midst of a lot of people waiting.  The table was covered with brown paper (a good thing because I would later make a pig of myself). We ordered two sides - potatoes with bacon and poached egg and the turnips.  both were excellent - the texture of the turnips was perfect and the bacon that came with the potatoes was cracktastic.   about 15 minutes later came the fried chicken, a heaping mass of crispy dead chicken parts.  at first i was put off by the darkness of the color because i thought they had been overcooked, but my doubts were erased. you can tell the chicken is probably some premium organic or free-range or well-raised chicken because the meat, even my not-so-favorite breast meat, has so much flavor than i'm used to getting in chicken.   the outside of the southern style was uber crispy buttermilk kind and the korean style glaze was sweet with a touch of spicy.   i feel like i've had better korean-style chicken at chain locations like kyochon - the skin is a little too heavy here.  also the buttermilk chicken was a taaad too salty, but i'm really fishing here to find some criticism of the entire meal. the four sauces - ginger/scallion, hoisin, vinaigrette, bibim were pretty good, but i found myself not needing any of it unless it was for my mooshu pancakes. service was snappy and waters were refilled attentively despite the madness in the restaurant. overall i really enjoyed my meal here and looking forward to having it again sometime.
I have only one advice: Come early.  5:15PM at the latest.  You don't want to be waiting in line watching other people enjoy their delicious bowls of ramen while you're anxiously peering through the windows outside.  Although the ramen at Momofuku are no where near as good as Ippudo's, it would be an apple-and-oranges comparison.  Both restaurants are distinct enough that you'll easily enjoy both.  The 4-course prix fixe menu for $30 is great but it feels constraining.  Restaurants hate it but you're better off finding a dining companion who will order the 4-course menu and then for you to order a la carte.  This way, you can easily assemble a 7 course-meal between to the two of you.  [Original Visit: January 2, 2010]
I don't usually write reviews....if you want a hip place to hang out while getting something to eat ..come here....if you want ramen, look else where....minca, setagaya, even ippudo are all close.......  Momofuku ramen was crap...broth was very salty and was bland, without body
Ok. I really wanted to be blown away. I wasn't. Come ahhhn, Chang! You can make better ramen than THAT! It's fine. It's good, even. But it isn't worthy of all the fuss. The first time I came here for ramen I was convinced the kitchen was having an "off day"  because the broth seemed to be over salted and..well...painfully average (because there's NO way in hell that David Chang would serve such a mediocre bowl of ramen, right? right? )  This was my second time at Momofuku Noodle Bar and I can't imagine it's just a coincidence that I found the ramen to be "meh" once again. (The Akamaru Modern Ramen at Ippudo kicks Momofuku's ramen's ass, in my very humble opinion. However, i found the pork buns to be delightful as always.)
i'm  in general of fan of all things momofuku but i have to admit the food is a bit overrated...  besides the pork buns which are a must have, everything else is so so and you could probably find a better version of it somewhere else.  the staff however is a young and hip crowd which really helps to create a fun foodie atmosphere.     also, the hot sauce condiment was so hot i almost anaphylaxed...  i'm glad i didn't..
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. A thousand times yes! In the most inconspicuous place in the East Village lies one of Manhattan's greatest treasures! Wait. Aren't all of NYC's best restaurants located in the most random places? I had previously read about Momofuku Noodle Bar from several sources, the latest of which was Eater. Being the foodie that I am, and with a voracious appetite for all things ramen, I decided to check it out. We arrived for lunch on a weekday, though I can't exactly remember which day. The wait was minimal. Maybe 10 minutes at most. We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen line. Man, what a treat to see all these fast-paced chefs turning out plate after plate of food porn. We (my fiancé, our friend and I) quickly perused the menu and made some decisions. I settled on an apple cider slushy, the breakfast bun, the momofuku ramen and a side of kimchi. The slushy came out first. Tart, sweet, icy. It was super refreshing. Following the slushy was the breakfast bun. This sort of fell flat for me as it wasn't what I expected. It was literally a fried egg, some pork belly ham and cheese on a bao bun. Don't get me wrong. It was good. Just not what I wanted. Then heaven opened its pearly gates and allowed the Momofuku Ramen to descend onto the counter in front of me. Lord, have mercy! That was one of the best ramen experiences I've ever had! The stock was beautiful and had a lovely, porky flavor. The noodles were delicate with just enough chew. The pork belly was tender and succulent. And that egg. Oh that egg! It sent me to the moon and back. Overall, an A+ bowl of ramen! And let's not forget that kimchi. Made in house btw. It was salty, earthy, fishy and pungent. Just like kimchi should be. Yum! Get thee to this place. Now!
Those pork buns doe. Oh my, that was probably the best part of Momofuku. In fact, the pork buns get one star all for themselves. My friend and I shared the buns, a momofuku ramen, and each got a soju slushie. Buns and soju were the bees knees. Ramen was pretty standard, nothing special. The place wasn't super packed on a Friday night when I was there. A suspicious sign...but it ended up being a decent meal. Again, I think it was a little overpriced. And if I really had to split hairs here, don't be misled at this being a legit Japanese establishment -- it seems to be more Asian fusion, taking a little something from many different Asian cuisines. I also wish they gave us a little more of the slushie :( It's teeny.
The food here is not bad, but definitely not worth the price. And please, do not call this place a "ramen" place, the noodles they serve are just an insult to the word ramen. Yes, I would call it "noodle bar" to fit in the Asian fusion category. The pork buns are good and the overall ingredients used are of good quality too. If you want overpriced, organic Asian fusion food, Momofusion is the place for you. If you came here for the ramen then you can't be friends with me. :)
I love their momofuku ramen. their place is always packed, and it has a clean design so as to not make the place look so crowded. the ramen was delightful--noodles were the right texture and consistency, and the add ons were great and in the right proportions. Just a nice bowl.
Momofuku ramen. Interesting smoky flavor, really reminiscent of Korean cooking. Nice clear broth. Chilled spicy noodles. Some really nice elements - the spiced sausage, spinach, and candied cashews worked well together initially and I really enjoyed the flavors and the mouth feel. The chili oil was a bit overpowering, and it was a bit greasy for my personal tastes. On the upside, my beer was good, but you can't go too wrong with that. My friend had the passionfruit soju slushie and that was amazing. Nothing like that 7-11 sugary crap - this thing was packed full of flavor. Seriously though, what the hell was I thinking? Why did we get two noodle dishes instead of the pork buns or any of the other delicious stuff on the menu that night?
My first visit to anything with the Momofuku name, and it was part of a multi stop ramen tour this past month. We made a point of eating a lot of the places, and Momofuku is my champ ramen stop after it all. First, the pork buns, they are the best ones that I tried at all the places that had them. The quality of all the ingredients here comes through in the pork buns for sure. Second, the ramen. I liked it with the wavy noodles, and the hint of smokiness in the broth. Plus, they put the raw egg to cook in the soup, nice. Third, it was the good mix of wait, ambience, cleanliness, comfort, etc. I would definitely come back, and also want to check out the other Momofuku places
i was expecting so much more. after reading about david chang in GQ (i read it for the articles), i was psyched to come here.  while the food i ate wasn't untasty, it didn't blow my mind.   the pork bun was tasty.  i love ramen.  good ramen can satiate me always.  i'm also a huge fan of pork, but sometimes it's possible for pork to not taste delicious.  this was one of those times.  the momofuku ramen was serviceable.  it was good, but definitely not fabulous. that said, the restaurant is cute and i would come again to try other items on the menu.  just not the ramen.
Ramen noodles were mediocre.  Noodles were overcooked, the broth lacked a lot of flavor.  However, the pork buns are a must try.  The fried japanese eggplant was mediocre, the pig tails were good, but the pickled pear that came along with it was terrible, a bad balance between acid, salt and sugar.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.  I am willing to go back since David Chang is the man.
There's a lot of hype about this stylish restaurant.  Expect a wait, and then enjoy the feel of sitting at one of the long tables under a chalkboard list of farms supplying the raw ingredients for dishes featuring pork.  We had great service... after a little conversation our waiter provided us with an off menu kimchi soup, which was rich and flavorful compared to our OK ramen.  Cold Szechuan noodles were the best noodle dish I've ever eaten, pork buns were fantastic, but bacon overpowered the brussels sprouts side.  You better love your pork if you want to love Momofuku.
Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise, persistence pays off! After trying for months to get through the impossible reservation system to the Momofuku fried chicken dinner WE GOT IN. Oh, you don't know about the online reservation system? Let me break it down for you. If you want to participate in the MomoFun of Ko, MomoFried chicken or MomoBo Ssam bonanza, you'll need a credit card to open an account and a lightning fast mouse finger. The reservations slots open one month ahead of time at 10am every morning and at about 10:00:21 am all the available slots are gone to everything. No joke. I think you must have been born on a leap day when Mercury is in retrograde in an El Nino year or something to get through this system. Let's back it up and give you some background. David Chang, the bad boy, critical darling of NY dining for like 3 years straight is basically MomoGod. He has four physical restaurants in NY. Ko is his 32-seat, fine dining option. It's something like a 12-course tasting menu for only $120. Ssam is kind of like an Asian Chipotle. Ma Peche is new and I don't know anything about it yet except it's going to be in the hellhole that is midtown. Noodle bar is 'ramen'. I use this term loosely, because like all his restaurants they are Asian inspired interpretations of American food. Not that any of it is bad, but it's definitely not Asian-Asian (if you're reading this part and asking yourself, who made HER the authority on Asian-Asian food, sheesh, I'll tell you. I DID, BECAUSE I'M ASIAN). It's just that when I want ramen, I don't want some wonky, porky version. I just want RAMEN. But that's just me. Noodle Bar is where you can get these specialty dinners like Bo Ssam and Fried Chicken, that is, if you can get a reservation. I mean, I get why he does it. It creates a larger demand from us consumers, especially because it really is a unique system. It levels the playing field for everyone to be able to access this level of culinary fun. I heard ol' DC wouldn't even let his Mom eat at Ko without a reservation. YEAH MOM. BACK OF THE LINE JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE. Anyway, Jim and our Awesome Eating Partners have been trying to get reservations for a few months when one of us (read: neither me or Jim) hit the jackpot and we were blessed to open the New Year with Fried chickens! The dinner is described as two whole fried chickens, one southern style and one korean style - mu shu pancakes, bibb lettuce, four sauces and an assortment of seasonal vegetables. For $100 for your entire party, not including other food and drinks ordered or tax and tip. please note, we only accept a maximum of four credit cards per table. Also, if you're more than 15 minutes late, you're F'ed and you get charged $100 anyway. The person making the res MUST be there! So no scalping you dirtbags! If you call, you'll only get a voicemail. You can bring up to 8 people and can stay for 2 hours. But, there is no dress code, so feel free to wear your wedding dress or something like that. Round up: A. Reading up on the dinner beforehand, I was worried there wouldn't be enough chicken. WRONGASAURUS REX. When the platter walked out of the kitchen, everyone stared at our table of fatties about to decimate this poultry bomb. The Country style has a good crunch with a small hint of Old Bay. I like Old Bay, so it was a bit subtle for me but a little too salty too. The Korean style was triple fried and tossed with a Ggochu Jang sauce. The Korean style won hands down, even though there wasn't anything REALLY Korean about it. Still good, but just sayin! B. The service was very nice and attentive but I do wish there was some direction on how the CHEF intended the veggies to be eaten. My first go at it was just a drumstick with sauces, but with to do with the lettuce and pancakes? After a bit, I tore off chunks of breast meat and made Ssam and then experimented with Peking duck-style rolls. C. In the ultimate poultry battle between white meat vs. dark meat, I welcome the dark side. Breast meat is always too dry and if there's anything I can't stand, it's dry chicken. Nothing here was dry, every bite was juicy and seasoned! D. I wasn't too jazzed about any of the sauces. Nothing too interesting, nothing I haven't had before. Move along, nothing much to see here. E. The peppermint ice cream was the best. None of those rock hard bits to shock your teeth, it was so minty and refreshing. My only regret was the size and wasting half the portion with the mocha twist. That, and I don't have an ice cubes chance in hell getting another reservation.
Both my boyfriend and I watched the series "mind of a chef" with David Cheng so on our recent trip to New York we decided we would visit his flagship restaurant. We got there when it was busy but only a 15 minute wait which was accurate. Yes the hostess was very dismissive but that's what we gathered the east village was from talking to some of our New York friends. We were sat at the bar area and surprisingly the server/bartender was very nice and had a good attitude. I ordered the spicy miso ramen- chicken, sesame, and poached egg. They use bacon in their broth and it absolutely was the best ramen broth I have had. The portion was large between the broth and ramen but skimpy on the chicken. The favors were amazing and it was not really spicy which was fine for me. My boyfriend ordered the momofuku ramen, pork belly, poem shoulder, and poached egg. He also ordered the smoked chicken wings- scallions,pickled chilis, and garlic. I tried one and they were very flavorful but a little spicy for me. He loved the pickled chilis. There were 7 to an order but they were very small so he was able to eat both since we hadn't eaten all day. I ordered an IPA and I think it was $7 so nothing outrageous for New York. I'd highly recommend visiting if you're a ramen fan.
I've been thinking about the ginger scallion noodles constantly since eating them a few weeks back.  A nice big bowl of cool & chewy ramen, pickled cukes, scallions & ginger, mushrooms, and cabbage... BAM.  Perfect summer lunch.   Haven't tried the classic ramen soup yet, but from the looks of it I'm super excited to get back here when it gets colder outside. Great casual seating arrangement and atmosphere.  I like the long tables, but it's great to eat at the bar as a party of 2 (or 1!).
I think I might be crazy, but I wonder if I'm the only person in new york who didn't enjoy momofuku Noodle bar. To be honest, the only thing I've ever enjoyed here were the steamed buns with shiitake mushrooms, and that was simply okay. The other dishes I tried were the following: momofuku ramen, in which the broth was very bland brussel sprouts, which were okay but nothing special somen noodle salad, basically noodles with some toppings, lacking flavor and Korean Fried Chicken (a special the day I went, and it was okay, but again, nothing special) The first time I went with my boyfriend, we both left hungry and out about $60.  I appreciate the commitment to using food not obtained through SYSCO, but in each of the dishes, the food was so bland. Even street food manages to give its dishes flavor! The second time I went with vegetarians and while I finally found something to enjoy - the steamed buns with shiitake ($9!), the noodle salads that we had were more like noodles with stuff thrown on them. nothing to bind the ingredients together.  Even though we ordered two separate noodle dishes and a bowl of Ramen, I noticed that everything just comes with a piece of seaweed, an egg (that really tastes like nothing special), and some chili sauce.  Basically fancy fast food, I understand, but even if the toppings are the same, the dishes themselves shouldn't taste so similar, right? I just can't help but feel there is better asian food.  Even though the ingredients were obviously fresh (pig farmed from the carolinas, organic carefully poached chicken, etc.) the final product should taste good too.
The pork buns are, without a doubt, superior to any other that I've ever had in the city.  They're very generous with the pork and it's just downright YUM. However, this is Momofuku Noodle Bar, not Momofuku Pork Bun Bar.  While the buns were stellar, the ramen was... well... nothing to write about.  The NYMag article where Chef Morimoto did a ramen tour of NYC put Momofuku over Ippudo by a hair but David Chang PERSONALLY made the ramen for him.  This was disappointing since D. Chang did not do that for me. I'll go back for the pork buns and try the fried chicken if/when I get a resy but that means they should really change the name of the restaurant...
I'd give this spot a 3.5! Why? because the duck buns are a 4 star, which I dont think they are the best I've had but pretty damn good. But the ramen was just odd to me, it was okay.  Had this weird smokey taste to it from the pork or something.  And the egg was not cooked properly in my opinon... It was too soft and runny and not like cooked perfectly with the gooey yolk inside like most ramen places.  Would I ever go back? maybe for the duck buns but for the noodles itself... not really
So, I'll admit, this place is pretty good.  For the Japanese Ramen purists out there, you're correct, they don't serve up authentic Japanese Ramen.  My friend who loves this place was quick to defend the owner, saying that David Chang never promised Authentic Japanese Ramen, just good tasting food.  And taste-wise, it does a very good job.  Noodles are perfectly al dente, the pork buns are super tasty, and I really enjoyed the tea and banana soft serve at the end for desert (although I wish they gave more!).  And they serve Orion beer, the national beer of Okinawa, one of my all time favorites (although the price is a little steep).  All in all, a good dining experience which left my stomach quite satisfied, and isn't that all we're asking for anyways? We came early at like 5:30pm so we didn't have to wait very long.  The table next to us ordered the Fried chicken dinner for 8 which looked absolutely amazing.  Really want to try that the next time I make it out to NYC.  I'll conclude by saying the only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars (which is sort of a bitchy reason, but a reason nonetheless) is because I come from Honolulu, where there is excellent authentic Japanese Ramen at numerous places around town, without any waiting, served with Orion beer at prices that don't hurt quite as much.  But yeah, I'm spoiled.
My sole order: the pork steamed buns. While the huge chunk of pork tasted crisp and wonderfully fatty, I don't understand why it cost $10 for only two buns....?
I tried the world famous noodle and didn't disappointed at all.  The pork buns were nice, too.  In terms of style and service, I get to compare with ippudo in LES.  I definitely like the quality of food in Momofuku better, so it's kind of pricy.  The place is smaller than I imagined.  Also, the waiter or receptionist whoever works there didn't smile at all.
Rarely does a place that is recommended live up to the hype...Momofuko was everything and some.  I was really looking forward to the food.  So I went solo and it actually turned out to be a blessing in disquise as the line was out the door.  Single seats were available at the bar.  I sat down and was greeted by a super friendly bartender/server.  I ordered momofuko ramen, pork buns, and tamales.  All 3 were spectacular and I was more than full after leaving.  I can't wait to go back and my recomendations have been going out to all my friends.  If there was a 6th star, I would give it.  Its absolutely delicious.
Went there yesterday with a high expectation.  However,the food in d noodle bar definitely not worth the prices that are shown on d menu esp. the hanger steak!! I can't think of another work besides horrible. Never going to go back.
My boyfriend loves this place. He makes us eat here every time we visit New York. The ramen here is nothing special. Pork belly buns are really good. Next time we come here I am not going to waste my calories on the ramen and just go straight for the pork belly buns.
Ordered: Chicken ramen with Shrimp bun Chicken ramen didn't satisfy my crave, seriously had better.  It just didn't have that flavorful taste, then again i'm comparing this place to my favorite spot in town (ippudo). Which I believe isn't fair, because their two different type of ramen.   However, their shrimp bun is very very good.
No joke, the pork buns are the ultimate. If you are in Manhattan and you want some lovely, juicy, fatty, succulent pork wrapped in perfectly steamed buns, well this is the place to go. I have to say though, that there are other great things about this place: 1) the wine was yum 2) the chef is adoooorable 3) staff is really really nice. 4) place is small and noisy and intimate at the same time... magically 5) steak. mm. try the steak, eat it rare. wrap some lettuce around it and smile Thanks momofuku, I will be back when I visit nyc next!
Fans of Momofuku don't really need my meek weighing-in on this place, but after hearing about it for years, I was a little disappointed at my evening here.  Two stars seems a little stingy, but that's how the cookie crumbles today, I guess. I liked the casual vibe in the place, which was buzzing along with chatter and satisfied eaters.  I had some snap peas, which were fresh, and yummy, and some ramen, which was good, but not great, or worth the price, I thought.  It was heavier than some of the best ramen I've had, especially the noodles, though the meat was tender and nicely salty.  A glass of wine was tasty, but on the skimpy side.  My friends seemed to like the pork buns, but for my money, I was just expecting something a little more on-the-mark, a little more transformative.  Maybe, in the end, Momofuku is just not my taste.
Here are the things that are great time and again: Ramen (Hot and Cold) Pork Buns Shrimp Buns (may be even better than the pork buns) Beer list included Six Point Bengali Tiger Important Note: One thing that is even better than the regular dinner is the fried chicken dinner served at specific hours with reservation in advance (up to a month).  They serve two whole fried chickens - one Korean style and one southern style.  They are both really good, but the southern style is SPECTACULAR.  My girlfriend got me a reservation for 6 for this on my bday and it couldn't have been better.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Great place to grab a quick bowl of noodles and a beer.   Pleasant staff and fast service.  I recommend.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!  I scored one of the coveted spots for Momofuku's Fried Chicken Dinner and last night was a month in waiting. My friend had warned me about the massive amount of chicken they serve so my party of 6 did not order any other dishes off their regular menu.  You can always order off the regular menu if you are still hungry after the chicken dinner but it's doubtful you will. The chicken (southern fried and Korean style) came with mushu pancakes, 4 types of dipping sauces (jalapeno and scallion/ginger were my favorite) and a bowl of vegetables for your wrap (carrots, peppers, lettuce, parsley and radishes) - these are all refillable.  Basically, there are about 4719479 different combinations to eat your chicken and all 4719479 combinations taste lips smackin, finger lickin good.  Your hands will get oily.  If they don't,  you are not eating the right way. The dinner is fun for groups and the chicken is good (since you really can't mess up fried chicken!) but I can't commit myself to say that this was the best fried chicken I ever had (take a trip down south).  I do have to give David Chang credit for creating another hype with his annoying online reservation system.  That is definitely one love/hate relationship I want to but don't want get out of.
We came here again and did the fried chicken lunch. You have to make reservations for this through Momofuku's online reservation system. We arrived and were seated, the staff was friendly and they started on the chicken right away. In addition to the chicken we also ordered some pork belly and shrimp buns. Of course these were amazing but the main attraction was the fried chicken. With the fried chicken lunch it's $125 for 2 chickens fried 2 different styles, southern and korean style. If you like the smoked wings that they serve there then you will really like the korean style chicken. The southern fried chicken has great crunch and is super juicy and there is definitely Old Bay in the breading. They also give you a bunch of things to go along with chicken like lettuce, carrots, radish, mint, wraps and a few other things. You also get 4 sauces so you can definitely get creative with how you eat the chicken. We all gorged on the chicken and both styles were great. We ended up Having some leftover and we got a box to go. This was definitely one of the more enjoyable meals that we have had in a while and in my opinion the fried chicken definitely lived up to the hype. Check this out if you can.
Pork buns melt in your mouth (literally) and the Momofuku ramen is damn good! Sit at the bar by the kitchen if you can and you get entertainment and delicious food. Portion sizes are perfect - not big enough to pig out but good enough to satiate. Delicious! I will be dreaming about those pork buns!
The chicken was burnt on the outside and pink on the inside. Fried chicken fail.
Went here for a late night craving and this place was hopping. We were expecting a line out the door but it turned out to be a 15 minute wait.  We had to share a table with another party but it seems to be the norm... just like how you would share a hibachi table at the Japanese restaurant.  It was just so busy that it was they have to do.  I absolutely love the Spicy Miso Ramen there.  It was really flavorful and was just right!  Really good after a night of drinking.
Hard to understand what the craziness is about this place. Good but not great, definitely not worth waiting more than 30 minutes for. I've had Ramen at Ippudo and Ganso which was much better. The pork belly buns were a bit dry. Overall a good meal but not worth going out of your way for.
Easily you can go to any restaurant you want in New York. There are so many to choose from! But if you want something simple, tasty and quick? Go to Momofuku Noodle Bar. The venue seats maybe 20 people at max? No RSVP's first come first serve. Sit by the bar and enjoy watching the cooks preparing your food. Spark up a conversation, they are all eclectic and rad. From the small dishes order the steamed buns (do yourself a favor and go for berkshire pork) and the fried cured pork belly. From the Local section order the roasted green asparagus. Comes equipped with a fried egg (lets get that cardiac arrest goin!) Didint try any of the seafood but I wish I did. NOW FOR THE NOODLES: get the Momofuku Ramen. Poached egg, Berkshire pork. I mean the price might be daunting to usual ramen eaters but the last time I had Ramen this good I had to pay double digits too so unless you LIVE in Japan or some sort then it's worth it. They have ONE vegetarian option and that is the Ginger Scallion. A lot of my peers ask me if it's any good. How would I freakin' know. I'm a carnivore. Overall a great job by Chang.
So slow! Bad for starving people. The location is really small, not just NYC small, so join in on your tablemates conversations for an interesting night of making new friends. Quite loud- bring your hearig aid. Food wise, the pork buns and chicken buns were very tasty and by far the best thing on the menu. No noneense plating = zero presentation points but who needs those when you've got exlposive Asian fusion going on? Chicken is shredded then pan fried as a patty. It is then folded taco style into a bao-bread with a hoison-garlic-scallion sauce that is divine. The spicy rice cakes were just OK and the ramen was not anything special (although the recipe for it is quite complicated). I personally thought this place was over-hyped BUT I would return for a chicken bun. Can I make it to-go though?? I think I want to try a diff Momofuku locale Yummiclious Factor = B
Headed in there on a Sat. afternoon- was about a 15-20 min wait for a table. Very crowded in there. The 4-star rating is mostly for the pork buns and dessert that I enjoyed more so than my noodles. The pork buns as other people have mentioned were delicious! The pumpkin ale & pretzel softserve ice cream afterwards were also amazing and incredibly unique. I wish the ramen stood out more...but they were just good. Nothing extraordinary about them, but decent.
Noodle bar is amazing.  This much you know.  Anyone who doesn't like it either doesn't like to have fun or is hoping for a Chang backlash.  Well, if that backlash is ever justified, it won't be by this restaurant.  Only downside - you'll sometimes find yourself hoping to have gone to Ssam.  That said, the ramen is better than Ippudo and slightly lower prices than Ssam means you can come here more often. Update for fried chicken dinner: Though this reservation goes quickly, it's worth taking a few minutes out of your day at 10am until you grab one.  The chicken is amazing and plenty for six people or four very hungry people.  It might get a bit thin for eight reasonably big eaters.  But anyway, as you know, you get 2 1/4 chickens, half fried regular and half fried korean.  You get a bunch of condiments and extras and suffice to say it's amazing chicken.  Get it.
restaurantbrat.com for the full review Anyone who knows me recognizes that I have a crippling weakness for fried chicken - to the extent that my yet-to-be-defined answer to the time-honored Death Row Meal question would almost certainly include a 10-Piece Bucket in the list of contenders. Momofuku Noodle Bar's Fried Chicken Dinner sounded like a home run idea. And so we went, and ate, and left disappointed. A starter of Foie Gras Terrine with chickpeas and a candied tangerine was salty and creamy, the intensely pungent flavor of the luscious pâté balanced nicely with sharp acidity from the orange. We tore into the dish, and it was gone in a matter of minutes, so of course we ordered another foie gras dish, this time a lovely roasted lobe with almonds, mushrooms and sweet pear. A light brown sear wrapped the delicate liver, and the fragrant combination of musky and bitter flavors resulted in an aromatic, sensual detonation in my mouth. And then an order of Momofuku Noodle Bar's trademark Pork Buns. These standard bearers of fatty goodness have been consistently terrific over the years, and on this day they were no different, each little masterpiece consisting a slab of mouthwateringly sinful pork belly sandwiched in a pillowy-soft steamed bun. Each piece of belly was about 80% unctuous, unadulterated, buttery fat, packed full of divine, porky flavor. Little slices of sour pickles and a sprig of fresh cilantro took the dish to the next level. An incredible dish. The next course, of char-broiled Yellowtail Collar, had a lot to live up to. And while it was a decent enough rendition, with a tasty caramelized crust and flaky, sweet flesh, it was not particularly outstanding. And the limp accompanying salad was a pointless afterthought on the plate. A bowl of Momofuku Ramen arrived next, and was sorely disappointing. While the chewy, springy texture of the noodles stayed true to my memory, the broth was salty as the Dead Sea, and possessed a faint, off-putting urine undertone characteristic of stale bamboo. A wedge of overcooked pork floated lazily on the surface. Newer places like Ippudo and Minca have taken ramen to heights previously unimagined in this city - Momofuku, despite maybe even being the restaurant that kickstarted the entire NYC ramen craze, has been left behind in the dirt. A side of hearty roasted Brussels Sprouts went some way to ridding my palate of the ramen aftertaste, but even then, they paled in comparison to the brussels sprouts at other NY institutions like Alta. And while texturally, I rather liked the way crunchy bits of apple interacted with the sprouts, I felt the use of bonito flakes in the dish was unnecessary and created an odd flavor profile. And with that, the chicken arrived. A manhole sized plate piled a foot high with a mountain of deep fried poultry parts, one half golden brown and the other fiery red. Along with the chicken arrived mu shu pancakes, a bowl of garden fresh vegetables and a variety of sauces - ample tools to construct the perfect greasy chicken wrap. I sat for a full minute and gazed at the mound of crispy, steamy sex, my mouth agape and my eyes wide with lust. Then, I reached in for a southern-style thigh and bit in. I was instantly brought back to Earth. Underwhelming. The buttermilk and Old Bay batter was tasty enough, but one of the most crucial components to successful fried chicken, the skin, was quite simply not crispy enough. The meat was fairly tender, and flavored well - this was, at the end of the day, still fried chicken, and I stripped it to the bone. I had a Korean style drumstick next, and my vision of an immaculate Bonchon heaven was dismantled completely when after my first two bites, I was horrified to discover that the flesh near the bone was bloody red and completely raw. I was stunned into silence, until I looked around the table and found a sea of equally horrified faces surrounding me. As it turns out, around five of the twelve or so pieces of fried chicken we had dug into thus far had been undercooked, still dripping at their cores with blood. And this wasn't sashimi-grade Blue Foot poultry, either. Who knew what was going on here? Our complaints were listened to compassionately by our server, who seemed totally unfazed by the situation, as though this were a common occurrence. She apologized and offered to bring out a few more pieces of chicken, which we politely declined, as by this point we were too full from half-cooked chicken anyway and probably too dizzy from salmonella to eat any more dubious drumsticks. The Pork Buns, worth $9, were comp'ed on the bill as a gesture, but nothing else was offered up except the aforementioned apology (out of courtesy more than anything). A meal which had until then been quite decent was instantly transformed into an awkward, strange situation about which nobody seemed to know what to do. We paid and left, more confused and disappointed than truly angry
Pork buns are great. service blows but what do you expect when it's filled to the brim with locals/non locals.
The fired chicken really is that good. It is the absolute best I have had at a NYC restaurant. The pork bun didn't wow me and the sides available were a little above average. The chicken is worth the trip and the month long wait to get a reservation.
must.get.pork.buns.
Some fellow yelpers and I made it our mission to eat our way through NYC (we may even have to venture out into the other boroughs!) one bowl of ramen at a time. My first stop was Momofuku Noodle Bar and my first time was spectacular. Not only had I not tried a real bowl of ramen (real = not instant ), I hadn't tried pork buns either. In two trips, I made sure to try all three kinds of buns. The pork buns were delish and the brisket was tasty. The quality of the meat in both were great. The bun was a little lacking for me. You can pass on the shrimp buns and opt for another order of the pork. Now onto the main attraction. The ramen, from the broth to the noodle to the pork, was great. I prefer my noodles on the firmer side so their bowl fit the bill. The broth was salty and flavorful. I'll def be back to try their different varieties and they tend to have a few special ramens available as well. They also have other non ramen menu options which is a great plus. Service was fast and attentive both times. And the space is nice. Def on the nicer end of ramen spots. Decent amount of seating but not large by any means. I can't crown them as my favorite bowl of ramen but Momofuku noodle bar, you introduced me to proper ramen and pork buns and for that I am thankful.
Went on a Friday night and it was packed. Took close to an hour to be seated (we were a party of 3). The wait did not seem bad though and the hostess was constantly checking on us and giving us updates which I thought was nice. Loved the atmosphere and the food was good. I wouldn't say it was anything super special, but I liked the spicy miso. It was enough to share with someone. I also ordered the sticky buns because of some of the reviews I saw on here but they were super fatty and not to my liking. I've had much better sticky buns in NYC. Overall, it was a nice experience but I think I want to try out other noodle places and see what else is out there :p
Really there are lines waiting here at Momofuku Noodle Bar? Or we just lucky by timingly walking into the restaurant when it just opened?? We got seated at corner of the Bar looking out the street right away. Personally, I enjoyed sitting there at least I don't feel cramped when the restaurant got a little crowded. Yuzu Soju Slushes ($5) - really light in alcohol and really fruity taste - the small should be call Mini shooter Steamed Pork Buns ($10) - The fatty pot belly is tender and soft.. the sauce is well balanced - eating the whole order by myself definitely will rise my cholesterol level, let alone make me feel fat... great to share it with a friend or 2!!! Momofuku Ramen ($16) - Ramen here is just average... when I look at the price tag, it is below average.. maybe because of the 2 piece of pork bellies?? I prefer the pork belly bun more since the sauce makes it more flavored.. but it is meh with the Ramen - The Pork Shoulder is dry and tough... - Soup based is just average, compare to other Ramen place I been to - The noodle itself is quite good, chewy with a good bite Kimchi Tamale ($3) - Just skip that! Have another Soju Slushes - pork inside was so dried and chewy... and flavorless... I do like how the server encourage people to share their food at Momofuku. BTW, it is so not right when people leaving a "Noodle" Bar felt like they should order a non Noodle item? I found the Pork Bun A-OK... but doesn't really worth all the hype. I don't think I will be lining up at Toronto's Momofuku when it opens! I wondering how much will they charge for their Ramen here!
Best pork buns in the city weren't to die for. Can't say they weren't good but the best? I'm not sure. The Momofuku ramen was nothing special either although the portion was very generous. Service was good and the hostess was very accommodating. The lines were long and constantly busy until it was almost the end of lunch (4pm on weekends). They don't take reservations unless you're doing the fried chicken lunch. As GH says, Momofuku Noodle Bar seems trendilicious - "delicious" only because it's popular, trendy, and hyped about. Food: 4.5 Decor: 6 Service: 5.5 *ratings out of 10
A very long wait and expensive overrated meal is what summarizes my first and probably my last visit here.   Came here as a group of five one Saturday night and had an expected 2 hour wait.  Kind've expected with the amount of people waiting.  No problem, we hung around across the street at a pastry shop till it was closer to our expected time.   We ended up getting our table a half hour sooner despite the place being still packed beyond belief.  We were seated at the bar table close to the window and promptly given our one page menu and put in our drink orders.   You would think for a noodle bar they would have more noodle selections but I only saw four.  The rest were made up of salads, buns, and some other random items. We ended up putting in an order of each bun they had which came two per order so we had to slice each one apart so everyone gets a sample.  My first thoughts were chinese pork buns but these were more like wraps I commonly see with Peking Duck.  They were good but way overpriced @ $9 for two pieces.  On top of the buns we also spilt a salad which was meh and I felt ripped off seeing chinese sausages cut up in it and also hanger steak which was probably the best thing I had the whole night.   My main dish was the momofuku ramen which was good but the price to value was lacking.   Dessert was sad when we got these lumps of white stuff that was just powdered dough with maybe a hint of some chocolate.  The sour apple slices that couldn't be saved with caramel definitely wrapped up my feelings at the end.   Funny part of the night was we also split the Spicy Cold Noodles which didn't taste spicy at all.  When I asked the hostess, she confirmed with the chef that they were apparently making it wrong the whole night and have taken it off the menu.  We didn't get charged for it, but really how do you make a spicy dish and not realize you forgot the chili oil or whatever spice?  I think the only way to save this dish and others would've just been to pour the bottle of Siracha hot sauce over it which they provided at every table.  Is that why they give these out?   Based on previous Yelpers, it seems like a hit or miss with this place.  Sadly it was a complete miss for a $200+ meal.  In the end I felt this place is more about the name than the food.  Perhaps we should've tried the other more highly rated Momofuku had I known.
The Pork Buns are where its at. I wish you could order take out over the phone.
We took the rail out to hook me up with a ramen fix, and walked the few blocks over to MNB.  At night this place looks completely nondescript from the outside; no glaring sign, just a jampacked crowd to indicate its presence on the block.  I don't care about the 45 minute table wait, I'm used to waiting because of hype.  Decor is cute in a modern, ikea kind of way.  Pleasant service.  Seating was a bit cramped, and it was awkward having the other people in line literally breathing down our necks as we dined. Momofuku pork buns are the shizz.  This was the good.  Open style buns with soft rice-flour bread folded around two half-inch slices of pork belly like Asian tacos.  The steamed bun was thick enough to keep the sweet meat juice from dripping onto our hands, and fluffy enough to cut the rich taste of the pork fat.  A thin slice of cucumber, drizzle of sauce, and sprinkling of scallions were all that tried to balance the bun out.  Two per order, and I'm glad I shared with Spanky Jen since we both also got the momofuku ramen.  Poor WD was also subjected to a bowl of this, but Leo and John both wisely opted for the chilled spicy noodles.  And yes, presentation of each dish was splendid. Let's continue with the bad.  Bad is a strong word here, but while I liked it more than my own noodle order I wasn't terribly impressed, and obviously it didn't get a popular enough reception to keep the chef from rotating it out of the menu.  Chilled spicy noodles were served in a modified variant of soba salad, pre-tossed in a subtle chili dressing and topped with spinach, roast spicy cashews, and what my fobalicious half called oink nuggets.  Textural composition was great, with the crunchy bits properly separated from soggy bits.  I felt flavor was a little lacking, but I liked the heat building from the specific components, balanced by the chilled noodles. And the ugly: I was just unhappy with our Momofuku ramen.  Very pretty to look at, but very disappointing to eat.  Perhaps Daikokuya has ruined ramen for me for life.  Two sheets of nori dipping their toes into the soup, opposite a pile of artfully chopped scallion glomping two slices of swirly fishcake.  Egg was cooked to perfection, no complaints about the bamboo planks, egg noodles were clumpy but nicely al dente.  Pork belly is very fatty and more importantly to a diner's guilt, tastes as fatty as it is when served in ramen like this because it seems boiled.  Honestly, even if they'd tried to crisp it a little it would've helped immensely.  This broth was far too salty, and even the skeptical Leo who adds more salt to Jen's cooking was taken aback.  John pounded half a glass of ice water and still felt dehydrated from a taste of the broth.  I even appalled myself by killing as much of my bowl as I did.  We were puzzled by the poor measure of ramen until we glanced at the all-white staff in the kitchen (no racial). Three and a half stars.  I think this place definitely has the potential to win me over for four stars if I gave the prix fixe menu a whirl, but from what we sampled and judging it primarily as a noodle bar so far, I'm rounding down for now.  Would pork bun the hell out of this place again though.
This place was so good! I could eat their noodles with chicken everyday. Can't wait to go back.
Don't beleive the hype.  I'm not sure why everyone thinks this is the  best place ever.  I had the pork buns they were okay definitely not orgasmic like everyone describes.  Also had the duck confit salad and ramen soup which were nothing to write home about.   The seating was extremly cramped and uncomfortable.  No where to put your coat so had to sit on them.  We ordered the carafe of wine which was a total rip off .  They only filled it half way and basically amounted to about a few shot fulls of wine.  Yes I said shots becasue instead of wine glasses they used shot glasses.  Needless to say I won't be returning.
Stopped by here around 1 AM my first night in New York and had a great dining experience sitting at the bar top. Between the two of us we got pork buns, ramen and chicken wings.  Everything was excellent with the ramen probably being the real standout.
When in NYC.... My brother and I arrived at Noodle Bar promptly at noon on Tuesday waiting for them to open since we had a plane to catch later in the day, our schedule was very tight.  There were already a few people waiting for them to open as well. We were seated right away at the bar seating area.  There are also communal type tables.  The menu does change slightly day to day,month to month, so keep that in mind. I got the brisket buns as well as the smoked chicken wings (a daily special) and my brother got the momofuku ramen and a side of kimchi.  We thoroughly enjoyed our choices.  We were a bit bummed that they didn't have the capt'n crunch truffles for dessert anymore, and so we ordered the replacement, the pretzel truffle.  we were not impressed with that.   Overall, our service was great and the food was great and we were able to keep to our schedule. It's a little bit of a walk from the subway station we had to take, line 6, but not super far.
Do yourself (and your wallet) a favor - skip the ramen. Its got tons of noodles and veggies, but the broth is bland as heck. So not worth 16$. The pork buns were amazingly oily and delicious. Also, they were kind enough to hold back on the green onions when I asked. I now know why my friend originally suggested just ordering buns, but I/we just had to order the ramen. We sat at the bar so we were able to watch the chefs work their magic. First up, the lady doing the pork belly. she lined them up on the grill so when they were done, she did a single swoop and single dump across multiple waiting buns. Well done. Second up, we watched another chef work on plating some sashimi dish with capers and pepper. Very meticulous and perfected. Really loved the efficiency and effort they put into plating. I'd come back for buns - both pork and to try the shrimp. Nix the ramen.
Finally came and tried out this place after all the hype I've heard since the day i moved to NYC. Pork bun, personally, as compared to Ippudo, were very mediocre. I didn't quite like the buns' texture, it was more mushy than having that fresh baked softness like those from Ippudo. The cucumber and the sauce was pretty good, the pork belly was to the oily side, but the pork meat was roasted to perfect flavor. I also enjoyed the spicy sauce they give you on the side. My spicky chicken noodle on the other hand was winning! Yeeeepies! The broth was rich in flavor, LARVED IT, but was not spicy. Ramen had great texture, thickness, and the right amount of chewiness which you could tell was fresh. The side veggies that came with it was delicious, hmmmmm... especially the bamboo shoots!! The chicken was so good, tender and fresh. I also tried the momofuku ramen my friend ordered. Not impressed, broth lacked flavor and the pork pieces were just meh. Overall, not so good pork buns, good spicy chicken ramen and not so good momofuku ramen. A little overpriced, but is kind of worth a try!
I got straight to the point and ordered the 2 more talked about dishes among yelpers.  The Ramen and the Pork buns.  The ramen is average, broth was clean with mild flavor.  They serve it to you in this big bowl thats has a lot of depth, but only fill it 1/3 full, What a tease.. The flavor still trails  Setagaya, Minca, Ippudo.   I prefer all 3 of their ramens over momofuku.  The Pork buns are pretty good though, their "hot sauce" is chiracha.  Dont get me wrong, i use chiracha at home for everything, but i felt like they could have added stuff to the chiracha to made it more unique.  The flavor of the pork was legit.  Probably should have ordered more of those suckers.  I probably will not be back, there are better places for ramen and even pork buns.   Their desserts are pretty good though, i forgot what we had but they were all good.
We were referred here by an amazing chef.  So I had very high expectations.   Started with the kimchee jar - a much sweeter version than the traditional.  Pork & brisket bun - both meats prepared perfectly, and the buns couldn't have been any better.  The chicken wings - finger lickin' tasty.  I fell in love with the beet salad. The miso noodle dish was my only disappointment - I didn't care too much for the combo of al dente noodles, crispy chicken and sweet miso. As for the finale, I appreciated the chocolate chip cake truffles.  Sweet, rich, and refreshing at the same time.   Overall, the vibe was cool, the staff were awesome, and the service was on point.  My taste buds still prefer traditional noodle bar flavors, but this subtle version is a refreshing compromise.
I had always been daunted by the long lines here, and perhaps even turned off a little bit by David Chang's cocky attitude.  But, that same attitude deserves a fair review. We arrived on a Thursday night, party of 4, were told it would be a 40 minute wait, but it turned out to only be 30.  Not too bad, given the über-popularity. My friends and I did not order very much -- they had already visited town for several days and thus were beginning to get cash conscious.  We focused on the noodles: two orders of the hot ginger scallion noodles, and two bowls of the chilled spicy noodles.   I personally ordered the spicy noodles because I wanted meat.  And boy did those noodles deliver: a huge portion of toothy, slurpy noodles doused with numbing Sichuan hot oil and topped with candied cashews, raw spinach, and wonderful spicy sausage.  While the noodles were "chlled" the sausage was piping hot -- enough to wilt the spinach.  The combination of sweet (candied cashews), savory (noodles), and spicy hot (oil, sausage) was incredibly addictive and I could have eaten them forever.  Plus, those green raw spinach leaves somehow made it feel healthy too (pure delusion). I was interested in having soft-serve after, but even I was turned off by the special flavor pairing of "wine" and "cheese".  As soft-serve??  I once tried a bizarre soft-serve flavor ("Thanksgiving stuffing") at Milk Bar and I learned my lesson then. All in all, totally worth it.  Chang has another (still slightly skeptical) convert.
for a noodle bar, this momofuku doesn't have all that many noodle choices. like most people, i came here to try the ramen and pork buns. i wanted a direct comparison between here and ippudo, since those two seem to be the big rivals in town, especially with the pork buns. our group of 6 came on a weekend night, so as to be expected, our wait was estimated to be about an hour. 90 minutes later, we found ourselves still standing around, waiting impatiently, starving. of course, this wasn't the restaurant's fault as a certain couple refused to leave and dilly-dallied for a good half hour after they finished their meal. RUDE. but the place is really small, so much so that there is often only a few inches between your table and the next. unless you choose to sit at the bar, in which case you'd be elbow-to-elbow with your neighbor. the pork buns: MUCH better than ippudo's. it really depends on your preference for fatty meat though. the reason it's so good here is because they use really fatty slices of pork served pure (ie. without sauces/dressings as with ippudo) in a steamed bun. i happen to love that because the more fatty the meat, the better it tastes. YUM. the ramen: i'm gonna have to label this as mediocre. why? lemme break it down for you: 1. the broth is completely devoid of any real richness or flavor (minus LOTS of points) 2. there are 2 types of pork, fatty pork belly and shredded pork shoulder. now if that's not out of place in a ramen bowl, i don't know what is- tastes great, but kinda steps away from classic ramen (no minus/plus points here as this can be taken both ways depending on the person) 3. great assortment of toppings: egg, fishcake, bamboo shoots, seaweed (plus SOME points) 4. great display that comes out consistently from one bowl of ramen to the next. i get it. aesthetics mean a lot (plus a FEW more points) 5. the noodles were really tough, like undercooked tough (minus SOME points as this could just be a fluke; hey, we all have off nights) broth and noodles make a big difference in ramen, so those misgivings simply cannot be overlooked. as you can see, still quite a few minus points overall. hence.. mediocre. and i feel especially bitter when mediocre ramen costs a lot of money. decor is decent. fresh, clean, modern feel to the place. i like the concept of the restaurant and i looove the pork buns here, but that's really where my compliments for chef david chang end, at least in this momofuku.
Good place to eat my fab ramen! I've always loved the ramen places around east village. This one has less wait than ippudo. I went during lunch one time and they were really busy still though. Unfortunately I found a piece of hair on my ramen but luckily the chef made me a new bowl of ramen and free of charge. Overall decent service for what happened and I recommend friends to come again.
Pork buns were amazing, two thick slices of pork belly in one of those peking duck buns.  Then I had the momofuku ramen which was excellent.  Full of pork, noodles, egg, scallion, mushrooms, and a great broth.  Wait time was less than 20 minutes on a Friday night, so all in all very good experience.
there are several rows of long tables flanked by barstools on either side. the restrooms are hidden deep in the back; stop before you enter the kitchen and you'll see two doors on your right. staff is very efficient and they have to be.  no reservations taken unless you're doing the fried chicken dinner. you will be packed like sardines in a can and seated on an uncomfortable wooden bar stool. you will be jostled from behind by patrons trying to get comfortable unless you're lucky enough to get seated with your back to the wall. you will elbow and be elbowed by your fellow hungry patron who you don't know but it doesn't matter bc the steamed buns are HEAVEN. the pork bun literally melts in your mouth and has been so perfectly flavored so as to be delicate yet full-bodied.  the shittake bun is amazing as well and captures that woodsy hearty mushroom essence just so.  i know this is the noodle bar and the ramen is good but i think the soup base could have been richer. i was expecting a little bit more. they have several wonderful vegetarian options. the ginger scallion noodles are amazing. also, try the dark and stormy soju slushy. it's interesting concept. the prix fixe options are an excellent value.
Naming an eating establishment after the inventor of the instant ramen noodle (Momofuku  Ando) is  a great marketing scheme or a stroke of genius .(you decide ) When the instant ramen was first marketed in August of 1958 it became an instant hit. (pun not intended.) Momofuku's  further tinkering with the product gave birth to the "Cup of Noodles" In 1971. It too was a success beyond anybody 's expectations . Momofuku once said: "Peace will come to the world when people have enough to eat" David Chang's ability to transform the lowly noodle in a way that it will cost you $18.00 A bowl is a story unto itself... Take away all the hype. Strip away the celebrity chef status. WHAT DO YOU HAVE???? Is it a bowl of noodles worthy of old Cathay? Is it worthy of the street noodles of Formosa? Hardly....Nice try!!!! Sadly , the best thing on the menu are not the noodles ...yes. There it is I said it It's not the noodles. The shiitake mushroom bau takes center stage .It's hard to describe perfection but this comes really close. All in all 3 stars. Was I expecting more = yes Was I dissatisfied = no Was I surprised= shiitake mushroom bau Will I come back=yes Thank you bulletproof Adri for picking up the tab!!! By the way I was definitely peaceful after my Momofuku experience .My old pal Ando will be proud.
Best Shrimp Buns on the planet.  I have to get 2 orders every time I come here.
I'm an English dork.  English dorks like to play this game where they try and use obscure, weird words in every situation possible. As I was sitting at my communal table last night slurping my chicken ramen across from my friend who was waxing rhapsodically about the unfiltered sake (amazing) and his momofuku ramen (no idea how it was, it was pork, and I decided not to break my rules last night), it hit me: this would be the most perfect use of the word "toothsome" ever.  My ramen noodles were so tasty, such a perfect foil for the multitude of interesting ingredients in my bowl.   I have never had an excuse to use that word.  Ever.  And it's been on my "to-use" list for ages.  This was it: my big chance.  And I did.  And my friend was so impressed.  I win!
I love ramen.  And here is my take on the Momofuku Ramen: Broth - I guess a shoyu type of broth: clear, salty... It really reminded me of the ramen that old Yaohan (now Mitsuwa) used to serve in their food court. Noodles - OK, nothing special - the yellowish one that is used by a lot of ramen places. Pork - Actually not bad at all!  Best part of the ramen.  I love it when the charshu is cooked this way! Maybe it was my expectations before eating here, but I expected an authentic miso/salt type broth that is rich and flavorful.  I also thought they would have a lot more selection of ramen.
5 stars for the pork buns, 3 stars for the ramen. While the ramen noodles were well-cooked (not underdone or overly mushy) and the bowl was a good size, the broth/soup was wayyy too salty and the pieces of pork were really small. Daikokuya and other famous ramen places are much, much better and more flavorful than what we got at Momofuku (and also way cheaper). But....those pork buns were SO good! A light fluffy bun folded in half, sandwiching two pieces of fatty pork, a few green onions, two thin slices of cucumber, and a generous swipe of sauce. They are a must-order. The sauce and cucumber cut the fattiness of the pork and it's a flavor explosion in your mouth. While they are expensive at $6 per bun (2 per order), it was tied with the best $6 I spent in NYC (tied with the halal cart on 53rd and 6th). It should also be noted that I've been vegetarian for the past few months, and that pork bun made me cave. Definitely worth it. I'm back to vegetarianism, but I'm sure I'll make an exception for Momofuku's pork buns whenever I'm in the city. Essentially, pass on the ramen, order the pork buns!
I am a big david chang fan. The ramen is good here but not great. The noodle consistency is just nothing special, they obviously are not hand made like some some spots in Hong Kong. For the price I wouldn't mind some more pork with it as well. The pork buns get the accolades as already mentioned by a 100 people. Also, I can't figure this one out. Why on earth do they have lone star beer here???
There was not a thing I could say against this place.  A 20-minute wait allowed us to safely have a drink across the street until we received a text to come on over.  I don't eat kimchi, I ate all of theirs.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and seasoned crack.  Service was impeccable.  My interest in noodles: rekindled.  Well done.
I loved the buns... Place is overstimulating, but def worth trying. The food was good, but I left hungry :/ Good for a drink and an appetizer.
Everyday, I regret moving from New York to LA before the Momofuku empire began. On a recent trip back to NY, I made a stop at Noodle Bar with my old roommate and loved every second of it. This 5 star rating is for the kimchee stew alone.... a giant bowl full of spicy, bubbling, hell-fire red stew loaded with tender pork chunks, kimchee and soft rice cakes. This was easily my favorite meal of the trip, perhaps even my favorite meal of the year. The stew was intensely satisfying and loaded with flavor. If you think the ramen here is mediocre, try the kimchee stew. You won't be disappointed.
I wanted to try one of David Chang's restaurants while visiting NYC.    After seeing a show Tuesday night, we took a taxi down to Momofuku Noodle Bar.  We lucked out and got a table, only having to wait a couple of minutes.  After ordering, our hungry foursome keep adding items as we watched the waiters bringing tempting items to other tables.  We sampled the smoked chicken wings, brisket bun, smoked duck, shitake bun, shrimp bun, 7 spiced chips, The namesake ramen with pork belly, pork shoulder, fishcake, green onions, and perfectly poached egg had a smokey aroma and flavor.  The noodles had a perfect amount of chewiness.  We loved everything we sampled.  The quality of the products, the thoughtfulness of the ingredient combinations, friendly service, and taste bud satisfaction made our trip to Momofuku Noodle Bar one of the best meals of our trip.  The space is small, and it is super noisy, but if you want a casual, fun spot for great snacks, you should definitely check it out.
I went on a very busy Sunday and the service was still good despite the rush. The menu is a little limited, and the noodles were alright, but tasted as though they came out if a box. I got the pork belly which I should have known was going to be mainly fat, but it was very appetizing. The food was good here, however it isn't better than minca which isn't very far from there.
Maybe its because I come from Japan so I don't understand why I spend $16 for a bowl of ramen. First, I was disappointed with the ramen. The taste wasn't that good as my friend told me and the review on guild book. Second, I'm still not used to pay tips when I can't feel their service. There were too crowed so that we couldn't order till 10mins later since we sit in. However, at the night, one lucky thing happened to us. That was we got seats soon because the reception's mistake. They thought we have been wait a while so they gave us seat although there were still many ppl line up. I have to agree with that the noodle here is very creative. Im sure there are many New Yorkers love momofuku ramen but honestly I don't like it.
I must describe the joy of Momofuku by explaining the void it has created. I have a simple palette. If it's good, I eat it. I don't understand this stuff about texture and complimenting flavors. If it's good, I eat it. And I never thought of congee as good. It's what my mom makes for me when I'm sick and don't want to or can't eat anything. Congee was bland, reliable and a duty of the ill stricken child to consume. It was purity for the taste buds, completely devoid of personality, depth or taste. And then Momofuku had to take that away from me. I now have such high standards for congee. Go to momofuku. Order their congee. Dine cafeteria style, it will force you to say hello to the diners next to you because you'll need them to pass the food down to you. You also get to peek at what they're eating to help you decide what to order next. I ordered the fixed price menu with specialty items not found on the menu and only available for that day. The hostess recommends it because it 'challenges' the chef's skills. I'm thinking: that's great, the chef's trial and error will be with me, I am a nameless, faceless member of his sample group; and in return I get to pay a neat and tidy price for 4 different dishes.  I don't remember what the other three dishes were because the Momofuku congee overcame me.
Located in an area where ramen joints are abundant, uniqueness is what distinguishes the mundane from the truly great eats. Unfortunately, Momofuku does not offer anything different from its competitors, ramen-ly speaking. I tried the Momofuku special ramen with a beer, Orion, on the side.  The ramen was good--not too salty, good layer of flavors.  The poached egg was perfect and the meat was moist and tender.  It was everything ramen should be, but it did not have that UMPH that separates it from say, a tonkotsu from Ippudo. Last words:  Ramen is good--it's what one would expect ramen to taste like--but it's not something I'll go out of my way for.
Momofuku, oh how I really wanted to love you. We were quoted a 1hr wait on a random rainy weeknight so my friend and I popped across the street to grab some drinks. After an hour we returned to find ourselves having another 20-30 mins wait. ARG - pet peeve: restos that cannot gauge wait times. We were finally seated in a communal table and placed orders for pork buns and ramen. I wanted to share an order of pork buns with my friend but he very adamantly suggested that we each get our own - and for good reason. The buns were reasonably good, came 2 to an order. The ramen was mediocre at best; cannot believe I waited 1.5hrs+ for this! Overratedddddddd.
This place is a ZOOOO!!  Got there around 6:50pm on a sunday night and it was packed.  Craziness.  The pork buns are delicious but the noodles...for being a noodle bar...are still unimpressive.  I mean, come on.  Totally geared toward the average, unsophisticated palate. Service was good.  Sitting at the bar was really cool because the chefs were pretty talented in their presentation skills.  I would go back again, but only for their stuff other than noodles.
I really really hated this place, so much so that I didn't get anything even though I was starving. I'm not saying the food is bad, but it's incredibly overpriced, especially for the wait time and not so comfy seating, and the menu is reallllly limited. It's basically glorified Asian food, you're better off getting real peking duck and skipping the pretentiousness. They have this strange ham platter that costs like $15 and is basically cold cuts...on a plate...not in a nice way like a cheese platter or something, it's really just lunch meats. Portions are way tiny and they charge you like $8 for bok choy that costs 35 cents to buy.
ULTIMATE pork buns.  Unreal.  And enjoy the red beer, fresh oysters, more pork buns.  The place is sleek, the staff is hip and attentive.   Luckily I live nearby.  I always bring out of towners.  Don't miss it.
Went in February on a visit to NYC because I was craving soupy noodles.  Wasn't that impressed with the bowl I got-- I think it was the Momofuku Ramen.  However, what I WAS impressed by was the steamed pork belly buns.  That pork belly just melted in my mouth!!!  I could've eaten platefuls of them.  Definitely try those buns out if you go!
After seeing the name mentioned in so many food magazines, I just had to check it out for myself. Unfortunately, in this case it's overhyped. The interior decoration was nice and my friend and I didn't wait too long to get a seat at the bar area (I'm guessing this was only because we were a party of 2). The place does get pretty busy at night. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen. It was honestly, nothing amazing but nothing bad in any respect. The best part was soft-boiled egg. It was perfectly cooked, and I'm not completely sure how they do it. On the other hand, the soup was a bit bland other than pure saltiness. Finally, the noodles were forgettable. Personally, when I look for good ramen, I'm actually looking at the noodles itself. Too often are we subjected to the instant kind and it's times like these when I can use a break from all of it. The price per bowl is fair given the location, the food, and the reputation but I've probably had better ramen in Japan town in downtown LA.
I finally gave into the hype of momofuku this past Friday night with a friend! Alas, 24 hours later, was still full #noodlecoma. This restaurant really doesn't need additional reviews to convey its awesomeness: if you're a noodle connoisseur, you've come to the right place. I was impressed & surprised by how seamless the seating reservations was, as I was afraid we'd have to wait for hours. We arrived @ 6:30 on a Friday night, put our name down with the hostess and were given a 30 minute wait estimate (not bad!). She said she'd text us when our table would be close to ready and so we took a walk around the village. About 25 min later, we got a text letting us know we had about 10 minutes to arrive for our table. Talk about efficient! We got back and were seated right away. Seating here is tough. Unless you're seated at the high top bar area (which we weren't), it is a bit cramped to sit in the little communal wood blocked tables and hard to get in and out without shoving people next to you. Not a place to come with shopping bags - FYI! The food was authentic and well made. I'm not a huge noodle connoisseur but I may become one now. We ordered the Shiitake Buns to share for the appetizer (so so good and a great dish for vegetarians). We each ordered the Momofuku Ramen but we substituted the pork for chicken. This was amazing! Very filling and smoky flavoring. Loved the poached egg in this dish. For dessert we had the Sweet Cracker Soft Serve. The dessert was good but was hoping for a bit more pizzaz... All in all, so happy with this dining experience. One thing I will note - and would love to hear other peeps' thoughts on this - while we didnt drink any alcohol at dinner, we both felt super sluggish and a bit out of our character shortly after leaving momofuku... We went for a long walk to walk off the food and couldn't help but wonder : did we over consume sodium to make us feel so funky?! Idk. Just a thought :)
OMG! The pork buns are divine. Very complex flavors that danced in your mouth. And the Momofuku ramen was a bowl of goodness on a cold NYC day. But the pork buns were worth the visit in and of themselves. Yes, the place is crowded inside, and you will inevitably have to wait for a table, but it's worth the wait. Excellent  chefs, streamlined menu, great food presentation, and the pork buns. Did I mention the pork buns? I'll most def be back.
THE PORK BUNS ARE OKAY.   If you think these pork buns are amazing, try the pork buns at Ippudo or Xi'an.  They are AMAZING!  In fact, if you took the bun from Ippudo and the pork from Xi'an, such a pork bun would be DESTROY ALL OTHER PORK BUNS AS WE KNOW THEM. Anyways, the pork buns here are good, except for the pork.  The bun was soft and fluffy.  The fat was nice and fatty.  But, the pork meat was a little tough like it was cooked too fast or not long enough.  The sauce, which I didn't get much of, couldn't quite get this pork bun to be better than alright. I'm really wondering why most reviews praise the pork buns so highly....
2.5 stars. My high expectations were dashed by the wayside coming for late night eats at this Momofuku. Seriously. Sad. I had the Ramen ($15 or so) which is the basic pork belly, topped with a poached egg. The meat was FATTY. Very little actual meat. And the broth was way too salty. I had to ask for more hot water just to tame it down. Sigh. The noodles were ok though. Pork Buns ($8 for 2?). These were good. Solid. Overpriced. Not sure what the hype is about. I just know the Late Night Menu does not help.
If the menu items were a half or two thirds of the price this place would have five stars. I thought that the items on the menu were good and tasty but not worth almost $20 for a bowl of ramen. The broth was great and the ingredients added worked very well together and complimented each other. I went for the classic momofuko ramen and enjoyed it very much. It was a tad bit on the salty side but I didn't take away from the meal too much and it could be from the 2 different types of pork added to the bowl. Be prepared to sit with others as you do not get your own table here unless you are a party of 8 or more (5 if you sit in the very back where they have smaller tables).
Too expensive?  Not as long as people are willing to pay the fee. $16 for a bowl of ramen was hard for me to take, but I did it.  It was really good, but not the best.  For about $10, I'd take it any day of the week, but at $16, I'd probably only do it to satisfy a noodle craving. The pork buns were really good.  If you don't like fatty meat (my wife doesn't), you probably will need to pick out about half of the meat.  (It's pork belly, which has a very high fat content.) For dessert we had the olive oil/cherry ice cream.  It was interesting but not very good. Overall, Noodle Bar has very high quality food at a very high quality price.  It's worth going too now, but if you shaved 30% off the cost, it would be worth a weekly trip.  (If you didn't live in Texas, like me.) The service was really good.  We sat next to strangers, but they were all very friendly and talkative.  No complaints at all.  We went at 3:00 on a Saturday, it was packed but we didn't have to wait for a table.  There were no empty seats the whole time, but not a huge line either.
I was very excited to try this place because of all the hype.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.  It was perhaps the only time I could not finish a bowl.  I assume the owner named Momofuku after Momofuku Ando, the late founder of instant ramen.  Mr. Ando would have been very disappointed.  If you think my review is harsh, just ask anyone who grew up in Japan and I guarantee you that they would give you a similar review.
I went to Momofuku with somewhat low expectations..hearing the hype, it didn't seem like it would deliver.  But everything was actually really good.  Our waiter was very entertaining, very friendly and helpful.  We had a party of five people and got 2 noodle soups (the momofuku ramen and the pork shoulder or whatever ramen) and then the rice cakes.  We also got two orders of the chicken wings, an order of the seasonal pickled stuff, and one order of the sweetmeats.  Noodle soups were good..the noodles were not the best, but I really enjoyed the meat and the broth.  The chicken wings were very tasty, the pickled stuff was yummy and the sweetmeats were excellent (though if eating thyroid isn't your thing, you probably should avoid it).  Was it the best ramen I've had?  No, but for tasty Asianey sorta food, it's a good solid choice.
I remembered when this place was new and serving the best ramen in the city.  That was at more than 5 years ago.  I think it's a little overrated and overpriced now.  Ippudo's better in almost every way.  Both are crowded, but I think Ippudo has a nicer atmosphere.  Momofuku does have great pork buns though.   It's full up with tourists because of its own celebrity.  I have mixed feelings about this place, because I'd still go because they still serve a high quality product and has great service, but it's become a happening place and cool spot, instead of just a good East Village Ramen joint with awesome food, if you know what I mean.   This may be the fault of its patrons (tourists) who read about it in guidebooks and magazines, and not the ownership or management, but it's not as good as it once was.
3.5 stars. This place is casual-chic - you know it's the Momofuku brand but they tried to make it look more plebeian. Throngs of people line up starting at 8ish so try to come beforehand. We sat at the bar. The wine selection is limited but I mean, bonus points for having wine at all at a ramen place. I really liked the pork buns - the emphasis was really on the quality of the pork, as they put minimal amount of hoisin sauce in the buns. I'd have to say Ippudo buns were tastier because they put more sauce but I definitely think the skill that went into Momofuku's was higher. The ramen was actually a lot better than I expected! Had the Momofuku ramen - the soup was surprisingly smoky so that was interesting. I liked it well enough to want to return.  Also liked the burnt honey / peach / twist soft serve! It tastes exactly like what it sounds like and washed out the heaviness of the ramen and pork buns. Otherwise, I think this place is priced slightly higher than it should be but all in all, not bad.
Pork buns and ramen: A+ We had to wait in line 30 mins before they opened to get a seat. Long line on the sidewalk. Worth the wait.
Momofuku Noodle Bar: We tried that one first and they sat us in 3 minutes after quoting us a 30. I dont know what happened but we didn't ask questions and we sat right down. The pork buns were good. I had to look away when I ate them because the lard to meat ratio made me a little repulsed but once I bit them, I was okay with it because they were that good. Sorry Im a bit of a health nut. Momofuku ramen--also great. glad we split it as it was huge. The shrimp buns were meh--very oily though good flavors. I would go for the shitake buns or the brisket next time. My date got smoked chicken wings which I thought were terrible, but  he said were okay. All in all, good, fast experience,  (like 60 minutes total) around $80. Not bad.
Overrated, overrated, overrated. This place definitely has a trendy "Wagamama" feel, but the ramen is sub-par. I could simply point to the plethora of white patrons at this joint as a sign of its inferior noodles (zing!). We started with the pork belly buns, and I had the Momofuku ramen. The pork belly bun was admittedly good. Since this place always draws comparisons to Ippudo, I'll happily oblige: I think they are more generous with the quantity of pork belly at Momofuku, so they win points for that in my book. However, the Momofuku ramen was a sore disappointment. As many other reviewers have stated, the broth is extremely salty. In fact, I almost question if the kitchen designed the broth not to be drunk (drank?) separately... but rather simply as a hypertonic solution for your noodles? Who knows - it was like taking a saline tablet. Additionally there was a strange hodge-podge of meats in my soup. The description of the Momofuku ramen says it contains just pork belly, but I spied some mystery meats that made me question that assertion. Overall, the wait at this place is very comparable to what you'll experience at Ippudo three avenues over. For the caliber of food you'll receive for your wasted hours here, I suggest you make a trip to Fourth Avenue instead.
[[  momofuku vs ippudo ]] PORK BELLY BUNS=momofuku RAMEN=ipuudo If you haven't been to these two places in New York. I'd definitely recommend the ramen at Ipuudo. And if you are there to try the pork buns, you'll devour one at momofuku.
YUMMY!!! I LOVED EVERYTHING I GOT HERE! My sister's friend works as one of the chefs here, and it was his day off so he met us and we were able to try a lot of dishes. And let me tell you, NOTHING was a let down! OMG I can still taste the pork buns in my mouth...AHHHHH so good! The staff is really friendly and the chefs are A-MA-ZING! It's super packed, especially since it's not that big of a restaurant, but if you have some time to kill, you might as well wait a while and try this place out!
Decent food. Not bad. Not mindblowingly memorable either. The minimalistic decor of plywood is attractive. It works and aligns with the simple menu. The food is just okay. Nothing was wrong with the dishes but they didn't sing to me either. The pork buns were yummy, but the pork belly in mine was considerable overcooked (read: inconsistent) compared to the couple next to me. The ramen had more pork belly and some braised pork shoulder. The shoulder was tender but dry. The noodles tasted very much like starch. With so much hoopla around the David Chang empire my expectations were high and unfortunately the restaurant did not fulfill them.
My boyfriend and I are HUUUGE fans of David Chang and we have been cooking recipes of his for over a year so we hold him in very high regard. So you can imagine how FLABBERGASTED we were at the quality of food. I don't understand if I went on an off night or something but pretty much everything was a mess. First off, it was 8pm and we didn't have to wait for seats which I thought was odd. Before we even got our food, our waitress spilled water all over our table, which okay people make mistakes and we weren't there for amazing service. But our food?! Our pork buns were soggy and overly salty--half the ingredients weren't even in the bun. Worse than $2 ones I've gotten from to-go Asian stores. I couldn't understand it because we had been to Ippudo recently and their pork buns were great and EVERYONE says Momofuku's are even better. I even offered my boyfriend half of mine because I didn't want it anymore and he didn't want it either. I will say the octopus with potatoes and yuzu was wonderful. A true example of David Cheng's understated genius. Our ramens weren't anything special apart from that wonderful egg. My boyfriend kept comparing it to top ramen and while we agree the noodle was a little higher in caliber, the broth was awful, salty, and tasted cheap. Maybe there has been a decline here as of late because the other reviews seem to be on par with my experience.
for food alone, i would move up to new york city. so my friend's been raving about momofuku for just about ever...and so on a wednesday, i hopped on the chinatown bus and made my trip to nyc. of course i had to get the ramen, because i have such a sick love for it.  and it was pretty tasty.  i could have done without the very undercooked egg though. but the beef tongue and the shiitake buns were amazing.  next time, i'll just have the buns, and lots of them.
The lunch time specials are a great deal! And definitely get either the pork or the shitaki mushroom bun as an extra.
I've been told people raving about this place and I was quite disappointed with the spicy miso ramen. The spicy miso ramen was whatsoever not spicy at all, but instead very salty. However, my friend ordered the spicy noodles and that was spicy! We also ordered the slushie soju, not the creamsicle, but the other one and it was quite tasty! :) the Pork buns were also very delicious! :)
While I've heard the ramen here is top notch, this review is based solely on the fried chicken tasting menu. I've done it twice, with mixed results. The first time I went, I remember thinking that this was some of the best fried chicken I ever ate, particularly the Korean style. Mixing it together with the mu shu pancakes and variety of sauces was made for a memorable dining experience. The second time, however, was slightly disappointing, but still very good. I remember thinking that the portion of chicken was much bigger the first time, and the service was less than stellar. Oh well. That is not to say I was disappointed...David Chan is still a winner in my book. I guess I just have grown to have very high expectations from Momofuku. Still, the fried chicken menu is well worth it. Check it out!
Got there right before the rush at about 6:03. We ordered the shrimp buns and the pork buns and both were delish!! All three of us ordered the Signature Momofuku Pork Ramen and wasn't super impressed.  The broth was lukewarm and a little on the salty side.  Used the cute mini bottle of sriacha that's was on the table the whole time for the ramen which I never do with great ramen. Loved the grape Soju slushy though. Reminded me of the Grape Crush with Soju in it. 10 bucks for about 12 ounces or 5 bucks for about 5 ounces?   Couldn't really taste the Soju but I love grape soda so loved it! My favorite was the pork bun. Can't wait to try Ssam bar. Genius Korean fusion!
I was so excited to go. A friend had reserved the fried chicken. It just wasn't good. Not juicy and the Korean version better at Bon Chon. I know everyone raves about the pork buns. Not great and not as good as other Asian fusion restaurants. It was crazy crowded so maybe its popularity has done something to the quality. It was quite expensive so I think for that kind of money you could have a more delicious meal elsewhere. Didn't try the ramen.
Had a chance to finally check out Momofuku Noodle Bar last week, and I walked away satisfied, but not blown away. Let's get the pork buns out of the way.  Delicious?  Yes.  The pork is melt-in-your-mouth fatty and tender, and I could honestly eat a platter of these things.  The problem is that they cost $10 for just two.  Just chew on that for a second while you swallow your bun.   Seems a bit overpriced for a sliver of pork belly, some cucumbers and hoisin sauce, no? The Momofuku ramen was also far from perfection.  Again, tasty?   Yes.  But the broth had a really strong smoked pork/bacon flavor that seemed a bit too overwhelming, and the noodles were chewy but a bit plain in preparation. A good ramen place, but still behind Ippudo and Totto in my book.
Thanks but no thanks!!! I swear, this wanna-be ramen noodle bar is nothing but a joke. Not only are their food mediocre but it is also seriously way overpriced!! I usually see a flooded of people pouring out onto the street, waiting just to get in, whenever I pass by. With that said, I was very excited to finally check out this place to see what all the hype was about. I came here with my two friends around 6:30pm on a Thursday night. This restaurant was already packed. Of course this seems promising (right?!?!), but I was completely wrong. Instead, their proclaimed dish, their Momofuku Ramen ($16) was a complete disaster!! Their broth was way too salty and it lacked the rich borthy, porky, miso taste that I was familiar with and craved. Their condiments were sparse, with a few scallions there and a tiny pork belly here, it didn't amount to anything but a poorly prepared meal. Their poach egg was well made and their noodles were cooked perfectly. Nonetheless, for the price I was paying for lack of good broth and other add-on, it was nothing but a disappointment. No, better yet, it was more of an insult! I'm sorry Danny, but with such hype, I had higher expectation from you! Your square shaped wooded stools were horrible especially when there were no cushions to sit on and not having hooks under your tables for me to hang my bags was not cool.
Yesterday was my second time coming here and my advice is - stick to the items you know they do well  as appetizers do range from $15-20 each :) The two best things on the menu, for me at least are... the chilled spicy noodles and the pork buns. The spicy noodles... are amaaaaazing. I personally LOVE spicy food since I am in Indonesian, and this dish just hits the spot. Plus the cashew nuts they sprinkle abundantly on the noodles remind me of Nuts and Nuts (my fave!) The buns were super succulent & tasty - perfect for the rainy night it was. Another thing - don't forget to go around the corner to Veniero's to grab some of the crazy delicious Italian Cheesecake! you wont regret it!
Momofuku noodle bar opens at noon and at 11:47am when we rolled up there were already a few people waiting around outside, looking all excited and what not. This, in turn, made me excited. We were seated right at noon. I'm off soda, but Momofuku offers R.C. Cola, which was just referenced by a friend the night before, so I took it as a sign that I needed to drink it. For the first time in at least ten years, I enjoyed a Diet R.C. - so good, so crisp! To start, the boys (Mike and his brother) went with steamed pork buns, and we (the women) went with steamed shrimp buns. The pork buns may or may not have contained pork belly and looked fatty but in a good way if you're into meat. Topped with some of the squeeze-bottle hot sauce they left at the table, they said it was mad delicious. Their moods were visibly elevated, always a sign of quality. Our shrimp buns were absolutely delicious - a shrimp patty that looked like a McDonald's hashbrown with crisp, tangy cabbage (I think) and some spicy mayoish sauce. Mike had a bite of mine and said "that tastes like a McDonald's chicken patty and that is by no means a bad thing." They were delicious. Between the four of us, both of the women opted for the only vegetarian noodle bowl - ginger scallion noodles, with pickled shiitake mushrooms and cucumber slices, lots of finly diced scallions and lots of ginger ESSENCE. The ramen noodles had bite and the texture was great. Heavy on the ginger, the scallions and veggies balanced it out nicely. The guys went wild for their respective choices - Momofuku's signature ramen bowl and the brisket bowl. The food was so good there was minimal talking throughout the meal other than to discuss how good it was. The prices here are pretty fair and I can see why Momofuku is a hot lunch spot. I'd like to try their other locations. Also, if you're smart, you'll head over a few blocks following your meal at any Momofuku of your choice and stop in their Milk Bar for dessert.
Very solid Asian fusion spot - the pork rolls are outstanding.
I need more pork bellies!!!  OMG, this was the best!
Came here on a Thursday night with a group. We had a reservation, but still waited close to 40 minutes for a table - so we thoroughly took advantage of the local bars in the meantime, haha. Once we got in and had the food, I'm not sure if it was completely worth the wait. We had the pork steamed buns as an app. They were okay - I feel like I could get the same thing from the frozen aisle of an Asian market. As my entree I got the Momofuku ramen which has pork belly, pork shoulder, and a poached egg. It was decent - I'm not sure how much you should expect from a noodle bar? It's a lot of food and filling, yet probably something I could easily make myself at home. The decor inside is nice though.
Personally, I don't think it's worth the hour and some change wait. We were told the standard "30 minute wait", but didn't realize it had already been an hour and a half. We were already there and hungry, so we just waited. Definitely not the best ramen noodles I've consumed in my lifetime. I got the spicy miso ramen and there was absolutely nothing spicy about it. The egg was my favorite part of that meal. It kinda popped unexpectedly and I had to save it with the tiny spoon that they gave me. It was tasty and adorable.
I had this place over a year ago and tried it again for late night momofuku this past saturday. I suppose if you have late night cravings for ramen at 1AM then this is the only place that's open, but for $16, I'd rather eat something else late at night or eat at another ramen shop during the day. I admit that I'm not a huge fan of shoyu ramen, but even among shoyu ramen I've had/experienced better and at cheaper price points too. To me, the pork isn't as marbly as some of the other places I've had such as Ramen Misoya or Ippudo. Also the broth is nothing too memorable either and that's half of what ramen is all about! I'll come back not at late night to try the spicy miso. Give it one more chance. Pork buns here are good though. You get 2 juicy slices of pork belly per bun and they taste pretty dang awesome.
I like his restaurants. I know this is a noodle bar, but I just wasn't feeling like noodles. So instead we ordered Sweatbreads, Sliced FLUKE which was delicious. One of the best dishes there. Pickles $10 Sliced Fluke $14 Sweatbread $16 Rice Cakes $14 Home Made Drinks: (Must try) Horchata $4 Tamerind celery Soda $4 Although I didn't try the steamed buns, it looks really good. My friend Nancy who took us there said the Pork Belly buns were the best, but it's really fatty. But I'd eat it. :) Yum I would rather go back to SAAM.
Like the Milk Bar, this place was a disappointment, but at least it had slightly better service. It was absolutely packed on a Sat night, but we were seated immediately and served very quickly. The boy and I both got the namesake ramen and it was just bad. The noodles were clearly pre-packaged, since they were all uniformly shaped and came out in clumps (seriously, how hard is it to properly cook a package of noodles so they don't stick together? Just add salt to the water!). The shredded pork was nothing more than glorified kalua pork, a Hawaiian dish that my Hawaiian boyfriend immediately identified. Not so impressive. The cabbage was meh and the pork belly was forgettable. The broth was too smokey and weird and tasted nothing like any of the individual items, so it didn't bring the whole dish together. And that's supposed to happen with a good bowl of ramen. Esp at $16 a bowl. Skip this.
Up till now I have always have had good luck , and food here... until today. I opted for a change, went for the spicy Miso Ramen. When it came out the bowl has has empty...yes I'm a pessimist. I asked if they could add a little broth to the 15 dollar bowl of Ramen. They said it was 3 bucks extra. Really... OK fine I guess David Chang is getting cheap these days. Anyway the Ramen was just OK nothing special and barley had any chicken and the egg was pretty raw. The best part of the meal was the Asahi 33.8 oz
Definitely one of the MUST-TRYs in NYC. My cousin took the Lover and I here during our visit 2 summers ago. I was blown away by the creativity in  each plate. The items were well-thought of and complemented each other. I wish I could tell you what we had ordered but I honestly can't remember. All I know is that I was busy stuffing my face with goodness. Nothing weird for me. Excellent. Enough said.
Was it the hype? The hysteria? The media creating a buzz when none was really deserved? I was highly disappointed with the special pork ramen at Momofuku. I am no ramen expert, but the soup was nothing but salty and the noodle was too limp. And the best part, it was like $20!  I could have eaten cup of noodles and had $19.50 left over to buy one of those bustedtees with the witty writings that aren't really that witty.  Anyway, the pork bun was decent, but it was just pork with hoison sauce, scallions and that bread thing that they give you to roll the Peking duck with. Not impressed.
I'm sorry but Momofuku failed to impress me.  We started off by standing close to the door waiting for about 40 minutes for seating.  While being moved around by their staff because there really isn't any standing room.  By the time we got to our table we were starving and we ordered the Chicken Ramen and the Momofuku special ramen (I think thats what they called it) They also ran out of the pork belly ramen.  16 dollars for a Ramen is unbelievable but even I have to try anything at least once.  The broth was extremely salty, the pork was really dry, the ramen noodles was overcooked,and It wasn't even all that filling.  Hong Kong Station could have done better IMO and it would have been at least half that price too.  Just another gimmick in the restaurant business.
I love this place except for the extreme long waits. If you do go, try the spicy Szechuan noodles with chorizo, spinach and candied cashews (ask for the cashews on the side). The kim chee tamales aren't as pungent/fragrant as I expected. I am on my way their upon a recommendation by a co-worker (the kim chee stew with rice cakes) right now. Also, I highly recommend checking their menu online since it changes daily. Last, as weird as their desserts sound, they are actually really delicious.
Decent ramen in a busy but pleasant atmosphere for a pretty good price.
SHRIMP BUNS!!! That's really all I can say about that. If I go back, I will only order these. Or maybe pork buns if they have them that day. We ordered all four buns offered on  the menu that day, and each person in our group had a different favorite-- you can't lose. I think the noodles are only okay, but I think it's because I have a low tolerance for salt and not because they're not good. Desserts were also amazing-- I highly recommend the truffles.
Pork buns were delicious as was the soy egg and Kimchi.  But the main event, Momofuku Ramen,fell short of the mark.  Broth was not fantastic and some in our party found it to be salty.  Santa Ramen in the SF Bay Area and Nakamura in Waikiki are far superior...
2008 is the year pork is making a comeback in my diet. I haven't eaten pork since the 7th grade due to some phobia acquired from a science class. My pork diet has been meager, meaning the only pork I eat is bacon (because it's fake pork)... but when I heard about about this place, I figured these pork buns I've been hearing about could turn me back to my old, pork-eating ways of yore. ... because those damned famous pork buns are seriously the best thing I have tasted my whole time here. It was everything I expected it to be... it was filling, yet light at the same time (I can say it ain't no Chinatown pork bun!). The sauce was sweet and tangy, and with the cucumber slices and scallions, it was even more delicious! I was jealous of the guy next to me because his pork buns looked better made with thick pieces of pork sticking out of his (boo!), but I bet it tasted as good as mine! I sat at the bar, by the way, and not at those communal tables... the bar was kind of busy, but the waiters and waitresses always took time to fill up my water glass or ask me how my food was. But eaters, beware: don't order too much! I thought it'd be cool to try as much as possible on the menu, so I ordered the Chicken Ramen as a main with those pork buns as my starter. I was half full after the pork buns, so as I struggled to eat my ramen, I was disappointed that I couldn't eat the whole thing! But man, that ramen was so good... never had ramen that tasted so freshly made and flavorful... the chicken was excellent, too! Again, this is coming from someone who has been eating ramen from a package for YEARS... the real thing really is so damn good. I wanted to try their ice cream for desert (I think it was called Roscoe's something something), and I saw someone eating it and it was this perfect chocolate and vanilla swirl. A swirl of heaven ... ahh, Momofuku, take me away!
Pretty good but a little pricey * Broth and pork have very good flavor, nice richness to it. Not the cheapest at $16. * Pork buns also pretty tasty. Ippudo offers more ramen variety for $1-2 cheaper (their miso is my favorite there) and the flavor of the regular broth is slightly better. Also, the pork buns at Ippudo are better with an interesting spicy kick to it.
I think I was expecting a bit much of this place. I don't normally wait two hours to get in somewhere - maybe I'm just lazy, but I normally will just go somewhere else, rather than wait that long for dinner. However, a group of girlfriends and I were dying to try this place, so we put our names down, went around the corner for a few drinks and came back two hours later. We waited another thirty minutes, then were seated at the bar. I wish we had gotten a table, as four people sitting at a bar makes conversation pretty difficult. We ordered the shrimp buns, which were tasty, but FULL of mayonnaise, which I despise (yes, I know, I'm insane, and no, i'm not skinny) but my friends really enjoyed them. I ordered the Garlic Noodles, which were pretty tasty as well, but nothing out of this world. I think I just expected so much after waiting for two hours to be seated - I probably won't be coming back, unless there's no wait for some reason and I can get an actual table spot.
Wow, wow, wow. Real cool place for sure. Went here with the lady for restaurant week and took part in the pre fixe menu. Both of us were more than pleased with our dishes and we find ourselves trying to make it back here every time we're in the area. The pork buns are amazing, as are the chicken and vegetable ones. My only complaint is the "deluge" of hipsters that rain down on this place. Needless to say, we aren't fans of these arrogant, pretentious folk. Still, don't let that deter you! Momofuku for the win!
I'm still craving a pork bun!
I was warned that I would have to wait three hours to get in. However on Memorial Day you can walk right in and get seated immediately. We opted for the prix fixe lunch for $20. We had palette cleaner or pork belly fat, fried clam bun appetizer, pork neck ramen, and rhubard and shortcake soft serve.  Every dish was very good but nothing was outstanding. The service was outstanding. I really like that they ask about allergies at every turn.
if it wasn't for the pork belly bun this would only get three stars.  maybe it was all the hype from friends telling me i have to go, but i thought the ramen was just ok.  Ippudo is def the best ramen in the city.  but i do have to say that that pork bun is worth the trek!!!  how can layers of fat be bad?  we tried the ham one too and the pork belly was the best.  we also had the soju slushy which was more of a shot of slushy for $5, not worth it.  the special tamales were decent, but i would def just go to get the pork buns!!
The place was really crowded and people were waiting in line even at 2pm.  As we sat down, there was a large group sitting behind me with a wierd alien looking baby that kept poking me.  This is how cramped the place was.  I came here for the first time for the fried chicken dinner.  It came with 2 large servings of chicken (enough to feed more than 4 peeople) made two different ways:  dry batter and korean style.  A basket of fresh veggies/herbs along with 4 different sauces (chili,hoisin, scallion, and another dark sauce I couldn't figure out), and a stack of warm chinese wrappers (usually eaten w/ moo shu pork) were served.  I strongly believe they served us a burnt chicken.  The dry batter one tastes salty and burnt to perfection.  The korean chicken version was fine, but I think Bon Chon Chicken is much better.  The pork buns were also too salty.  I think the ones at Ippudo were a lot better.  I might come back for the ramen, but depending on how long the line is.  Overall, the meal was mediocre.  I really wanted this meal to be life changing, but turned out to be a lot of hype.  It wasn't anything spectacular and was rather disappointed by all the David Chang hype.  I love his concept and ideas of food because it reminds me of how I would eat at home, but unfortunately, I think people like to focus on the brand name rather than the quality of the product.  The services was fine just like the food.
Still love it despite the wait. The waiting times are a bit ridiculous for this place. For many people, and for most restaurants, I would discount a star for that. But there is a reason I keep going back to this place, again and again. And it's called shrimp buns. The shrimp buns are simply delectable. They are everything they are supposed to be, despite being the latest foodie fad. They are simply amazing; soft dough, and perfectly spiced. The Momofuku ramen is also great, if you like pork. The trick is to crack the egg last -- the yolk taste can be overwhelming if you do it earlier, so leave the egg until the end. Their smoothies also shouldn't be missed. The small is a bit of a rip off; the large size is twice the price but three times the amount. Skip the salads. The portions are too small and they are overpriced for what you get. The spicy noodles are also amazing, if you can handle the spice. I usually tap out at three bites, but many of my friends love this dish and order it every time.
Cyndy's Bottom Line:  Well done broth, attention to detail on the condiments in the ramen and the noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. Had the Momofuku ramen.  This is after eating at Momofuku Ssam bar! The ingredients in the Momofuku ramen was superb!   Pork shoulder - smokey delicious flavor Pork belly - yummy and succulent. Poached egg - added a richness to the broth. Vegetables were delicious, salted and seasoned excellently. Noodles were cooked perfectly and was the right type of noodle for the ramen. Loved the Soju slushee with yuzu.  Wow what a delicious summer drink.  Love the citrus note. Pork buns with shiitake - hoisin, scallion, cucumber The pork in the bun was very succulent tasty melt in your mouth and the buns were soft and delicate.  Great hoisin sauce it tasted like it was made from scratch. Next dessert at the Momofuku Milk bar!!!!
Momofuku Noodle Bar. What's the big hype? So overrated, salty noodles that isn't worth the experience nor the price for their bowls of noodles. Pork buns- Eh... they're ok. Not worth 9 dollars.  I'm a huge, HUGE, eater, and always like to experience, and expect some kind of good outcome- esp. if i'm paying 9 bucks for some cheesy buns. i don't recommend this place at all. I always tell myself and others that sometimes, it's fun to experience new things and food- but this is one place i will have others stay away from. Want some true korean food? Go to a Korean Restaurant. want Korean noodles? have a Korean friend make your noodles from those dollar packets- and, tell them to add some eggs, and onions. Viola! you got yourself some bangin' noodles.
Went here for a birthday lunch a few months ago with a friend of mine. Whenever I have eaten at Momofuku a must order is the pork buns and they are always the best part of the meal.  We also ordered the beef short rib, asparagus, potatoes, and bok choy, along with a few others.  Everything was good, the service was also quick, as soon as our plate was clean our next course got brought out. The beer selection was also fine.
You got to pick your time as there is no reservations, we waited 15 minutes. All I got to say is; ANY of the Buns, Pork and Shrimp Momofuku Ramen Noodles You will not be disappointed.
The ramen ($16) is not nearly as good as Ippudo ($13).  Period. Thats that.  I'm baffled why anyone goes here, I must be missing the point.  ITS NOT AS GOOD.  Its good, but not as good.  More expensive and right down the road from IPPUDO, WHICH IS MUCH BETTER. Ok...the pork buns are amazing, probably better than Ippudo...but are you really gonna wait 35 min for the pork buns?
So I've heard a lot of hype on this place and my parents from California have even heard about it.  First bad sign: A chinese owner for a ramen shop.  Second bad sign: we were the only asians eating there.  Third bad sign: $9 for basically two char siu baus.   So taken these into account, we still decided to dine.  The wait staff seemed friendly and atmosphere was quaint and modern.  Those were the only positives for me. I disliked the food immensly.  The pork buns were a little to sweet for my palate and I feel that I can get something better in chinatown for less than a dollar.  The fried sweet breads seemed underseasoned and were served with a below average dipping sauce.  Then the Ramen was the biggest dissapointment.  Having eaten ramen in every major city in the US and also in Tokyo, this place ranks between Maruchan and Chapaghetti.  For those of you who don't know, these are store bought dry brands.  So I give the highly raved Momofuku 1 star for the food and an extra star since I did enjoy the ambience.  I just don't feel like this place fits an asian palate.
The pork buns were amazing!  The chilled spicy noodle bowl was tasty but not spicy (in my opinion).  The service was fast and friendly and I definitely recommend the strawberry daiquiris.  They were amazingly good but be careful because they hit you after the fact!
I finally had a bowl of ramen all to myself for once the other day, and I could not believe how salty it was. I felt really gross afterwards. I had ramen at Ramen Takumi the next day for lunch, and it was way better. Forget about David Chang. For the price of the ramen at Momofuku ($16!), it was totally not worth it in my opinion. The seating arrangement in the restaurant wasn't the most comfortable thing ever while you can hear what your neighbors were talking about (and make fun of their conversation). I took home some left over ramen (just cause it was so expensive) and diluted with water, and it was still salty!! Never again with David Chang's ramen!
i hate to say it but i left feeling a little empty inside.  in the "i thought this place would be better" and not in the "ok. now. where am i going to get dinner? way" with such hype surrounding the man the myth the chang (and no doubt a lot of it deserved; after all he has turned his momofuku label into an international symbol in a relatively short time) i was expecting life altering ramen. (was this too much to ask for in retrospect--it is, after all, ramen) but i wasnt blown away.  i cant lie--it was tasty. the pork was tender, the broth was salty and porky without being overpowering, the noodles were very good. but in the end i have had just as good ramen at hole-in-the-wall places for a third of the price. and at those places i didnt have to wait for 45 minutes. and i didnt have to sit in a cramped, horribly uncomfortable dining area. and i didnt have to deal with less than stellar service. so yea. 3 stars. another telling aspect of the dinner: we ordered 2 side dishes and i cannot, for the life of me, recall what they were. i think one was some sort of chicken thing... hmmm. i guess you can say that doesnt bode too well for my credibility on this rating. i say, however, that it speaks volumes about the incredibly average meal that i had at deity chang's noodle bar.
Ramen seems like such a simple fad. Cheap noodles in cheap broth with some seasoning and maybe some meats. I have to say, I fell in love with ramen at a tiny hole in the wall down by Wall Street that was the best ever. I can't remember the name and don't work down there anymore, but I am determined to try and find something comparable. I never really got into the whole ramen craze after I left behind my beloved shop downtown. I tried a few midtown places, all of which blew the big one. But after not being able to get into Ippudo one Monday afternoon, my friends and I thought we might try Momofuku Noodle Bar. We walked into the small and VERY crowded entry. There must have been 15 to 20 other people waiting to be seated. The hostess came over to us almost immediately asking how many were in our party. When we told her only three, she said twenty minute wait. It was cold out, and we decided to stay. The wait definitely sucked, I kept getting shoved, there was nowhere to put your giant winter coat and it was getting hotter. But in the name of trying the legendary David Chang's hand at noodles? I soldiered on. It wasn't long before we were seated at a communal table and were presented with out menus. I ordered an Apple Cider Slushie which was really tasty, if not a big much and overwhelming. Seemed more like a dessert. Next time, I am going for wine or beer. We decided to split some of the buns, namely the Shrimp (awesome) shiitake (also great) and the Brisket (my favorite). All were very tasty and very filling. My main was the Momofuku Ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg) and it was really good, but I have had better ramen. I will say there way a lot in there between the pork, seaweed, egg, ect. I could't begin to finish the whole thing, but I really did try. I liked it a lot, don't get me wrong. It was well flavored, balanced and had great texture. I passed on the fourth star because the wait is awfully long and cramped for ramen like this. I will say the buns were the best part. You could have made a meal from that. While the ramen was good, I have tasted a better version elsewhere. Plus, I was swimming in slushie, which really didn't pair well with the ramen. I guess I should have known what with the severe temperature differences and all, but I just get excited about apple cider based drinks. Definitely worth a try, I was happy with my meal. But I'm not sure I'll run to go back anytime soon, or make it a destination. If I am close by, it's a solid spot for lunch or dinner. But David Chang knows what he's doing and I want to try his array of other brick and mortal locations.
delicious! Can't wait to come back and try all of the ramen options here - there is a little something for everyone.
Finally got to try this place after watching it on TV billions of times.  The mushroom ramen was lackluster.  There was a great corn dish, but i could have made that at home.  Tamale was alright, had better ones from Mexican restaurants.  The arctic char was awesome. But the only reason i think i'd come back is to eat those darn artery clogging pork buns of deliciousness.  As my dining companion said, "this is the best thing i've eaten in NY"
SO disappointing!  I came here w/ a group of 5, and none of us were satisfied after our meal (in fact, we walked to pommes frites afterwards) I didn't order the ramen, but tried some of it & the broth tasted full of sodium...not authentic japanese ramen!  The pork belly buns were quite overwhelming b/c they were 80% fat....I ordered it for myself and couldn't finish both of them b/c I felt like I was going to have a heart attack mid-way through.  I'm not a big fan of Ippudo either, but the pork buns there are way better!  I also ordered their chicken wings, which came out too charred & not flavorful enough, so I had to drown it in hot sauce.
We had to wait a good amount of time for dinner here. It seemed like people who came in after us were seated before us even though we were only a group of 4. I had the pork buns, which just kind of melt in your mouth. I wasn't expecting to like it but was pleasantly surprised. They're pretty pricey, too, so I was reluctant to try it at first. I also had the spicy miso ramen. It was too salty for me, but I still finished. Portions were large, and I was pretty stuffed afterwards.
Immediately after eating the Momofuku Ramen, I found myself wanting more.  The noodles, vegetables, and the pork I've tasted of this quality elsewhere (although definitely all were very good), but the broth...the broth is like none other and was absolutely DELICIOUS!  I have never wiped out the broth from a bowl of ramen like this.  I couldn't get enough. It has a special smoky pork taste that I have not tasted in any other ramen...Words cannot describe how delectable it is. Also had the pork buns and agree with most people that they were really good, although somewhat overpriced.
Honestly, I'm unimpressed and annoyed. We waited a good forty minutes even with a reservation. I got the Berkshire Pork Ramen bowl, which was totally out of balance and not very well assembled. It was all yin, no yang. You need something to break up the Umami in your mouth. It was good, don't get me wrong; the broth smoky and deep and well layered but it was missing something. And that bowl isn't worth more than $20, sorry. Welcome back to earth, where there are people going hungry across the street whilst the self-proclaimed fooderati are gorging themselves on hundred-dollar meals in spasmotic glee.... GInger Shoji slushie was absolutely crack. As were the hyper-overpriced deserts next door. But yo, this place is on some next-level faddish nonsense. I mean food writers are talking about David Chang as if he's God. It's getting ridiculous. It's just a friggin noodle bar. Jesus Christ grow the f*ck up people and get off your knees, I'm sick of the literary fellatio. He's not a prophet, he just uses a ton of fat. That's all.
I came here for the late night menu. I first ordered the Seven Spice Chips. I would've preferred if they were crispy kettled cooked, or freshly hot, or had more flavor. Instead, they weren't spiced much and quite standard potato chips. Disappointing for $3. I tried the watermelon slushie soju, which is exactly what it sounds like it is. The soju taste isn't very overpowering and compliments really well with the fresh cool watermelon flavor. My friend and I split an order of chicken wings. It was with a soy based sauce. They were pan seared and the perfectly cooked. The comes with about six wings for $12. The rice cake dish is actually a traditional Korean dish named tteokbokki. It's rice cake with gochujang (a Korean staple sauce made of fermented red pepper). I usually am not too fond of the dish, but they fry it before coating it with the coat so that there's a bit of a crispy texture on the outside while the inside is still soft rice cake. A fine dish. The pig tail is made with a hoisin based sauce. It's a bit boney, but an interesting part of the swine. While spending about around $20 for a late night snack might not be something you want to do all the time, they have some great dishes that definitely worth trying.
One of the most original and creative restaurants in the city, which is know for great restaurants. My wife and I have been there a number of times and have always been impressed. The pork buns are sublime and the ramen is exquisite. There are always interesting specials, like the smoked chicken wings I sampled on my last visit and the prix fixe is always a great sample of the menu. Their house saki was awesome, with a hint of apple up front and a dry, refreshing finish. Of course, you can't help but be amazed at the value. Chef Chang could easily charge double for the quality of food.
I've been wanting to try momofuku noodle for quite some time. The last time my brother was in town he really wanted to try it so we braved the obama street closures all over the east side to try to get our noodle on. We finally made it to noodle bar only to find out they were closed for a private event. boo! Fast forward a few months and my brother was back in town and again wanted to try the pork buns and ramen. We met a few of my friends around 6:45 and were seated immediately once we were all there. About 10 minutes after we sat a large line formed and we were all really happy to have dodged that bullet! We obviously ordered the pork buns and they did not disappoint! Light, fluffy buns filled with delicious pork belly, cucumbers and hoisin sauce..it really doesn't get much better than that! Next we each had a bowl of noodles. My brother and I each got the momofuku ramen, while one friend had the ginger scallion noodles (which came highly reccommended by a friend) and another friend had the miso ramen. Everyone was really happy with their choices. I liked the momofuku ramen much better than the ramen I had at ippudo a few months back but I like the spoons at ippudo better since they hook onto the side of the bowl. Next time I have a craving for pork belly or noodles I know where I'm going!
Very tasty ramen! We also ordered the pork buns :)
This place probably doesn't need another review, but I'll chime in with some of my "Living in Japan" street cred. We had the cold & spicy chinese noodles and the pork bun. The noodles were, indeed, super spicy! I recognize that Momofuku is its own little empire in NY, and I respect that. Long communal tables, service was a touch slow for us.
FRIED CHICKEN DINNER! Totally genius idea and for those of you who disagree, I will try to see it from your angle: yes, I've drank, drunk, inhaled, (whatever) the David Chang kool aid and I'm a believer. Two whole fried chickens, one southern style and one spicy korean style.  I prefer the southern style because I think the spicy style takes way from the sauces.  The chicken comes with a side of 4 sauces, a bunch of sides (bibb lettuce, some wraps, radishes, thai basil, and I forget what else) and 4 sauces for $100.  It was only the four of us but the website says that it feeds 4-8.  We definitely brought home some leftovers and had it the next day. Cold chicken is the BEST. The genius behind it?  And this is just me over analyzing (don't let my opinion dictate your experience)  but if you eat the chicken with the sauces and the sides you get a mix of ethnic asian chicken dishes.  For an example, one of the sauces is this ginger, scallion, oil mix that is the same exact replica of what comes with Hong Kong style meat (the stuff you see hanging in the windows in Chinatown) and if you eat the chicken with the Thai basil it's a dead ringer for Taiwanese basil chicken (three cup chicken)  I can go on and on.   The chicken itself?  SOOOOO tender and juicy that as I was taking succulent bite after succulent bite I wondered to myself HOW does he do it?  It's like juiciness was injected into the chicken and the skin didn't fall/slide off and crumble at my fingers.  HOW DOES HE DO IT? Anyway, it's like taking a trip around Asia via chicken, if that makes any sense at all.
This is a sleek, cafeteria type style restaurant.   Was told that it'd be a 25 minute wait, which turned out to be about 15 minutes.  Got seated at the bar, but it took awhile to get our orders, drinks, etc.  I liked the passion soju slushee drink, however.  Get the large to get more bang for your buck. My friend got the Coney Island Mermaid beer. We ordered the famous Momofuku ramen, which I didn't think was good at all.  The flavor was different, the poached egg looked unique, but it didn't liven my taste buds or anything.  The broth was just...off.  I prefer my fatty, spicy liquids! I did like the chilled spicy noodles, and how they had a good amount of grease to them.  I liked the sausage and spinach leaves, but again-we couldn't finish either bowls.  They were fascinating at first, but we got sick of them after eating half of them.  Perhaps they would taste better if their portions were smaller, which isn't true for all places. Pricey joint, and average food.  The mixtures are unique, but I'll stick to what satisfies me the most.
I heard good things about this place, so naturally I had to give it a try.  We stopped by for a late dinner, and I was hungry from walking around Manhattan all day.  The wait was about 30-45 minutes, but it flew by since I was with great company.  I had, Had, HAD, to try the Momofuku Ramen, this was not an option.  We ordered the porn buns for appetizer, and I must say this was crazy, sexy, delicious!! The Ramen finally arrived and I was ready to go!!  The noodles are good, not great, but the pork belly, oh my I am blushing right now. The pork belly melted in my mouth, and I can't even begin to describe the state of elation that it brought upon my life. This place is top notch, but I can't quite give it 5 stars until I see what the other noodle spots in NYC have to offer.  I do want to try the World Famous Fried Chicken that was popularized because of the Jimmy Fallon Show. Next time Momofuku, I can't wait to see you again.
I had to try this place out after having had so much ramen in the last couple years.  Momofuku is, after all, one of the pioneers of NYC ramen trend.  It's pretty solid, but I definitely don't know what the hype is all about.  It's over-priced for the quality and amount; a bowl of Momofuku Ramen will set you back $16.   My ramen didn't taste very authentic to me - instead of a rich, porky broth, it tasted diluted and rather "Americanized."  It was also pretty salty (but not as much as ZuZu's though).  In my opinion, the broth and the noodles make or break a bowl of ramen. Not being a pork fan, I gave my pork to my companions, who enjoyed it immensely.  I did eat the pork shoulder myself and must say it was pretty good.  The noodles were okay, but doesn't compare to Ippudo's freshness.  Best part about my bowl is the perfectly poached egg.  Yum.   It was super crowded and they definitely rush you out.  For similar quality food, you may as well skip this place and go around the corner to Rai Rai Ken.  You'll save at least five bucks and some time (but the pork may not be as quality though).
Fine Momofuku. I will give in to your hour long waits just so I can grab a bowl of your infamous Momofuku ramen. Worth it? You bet.
For the ramen, it's all about the broth. Great bowl of noodles.
I LOVE this restaurant....especially the steamed shrimp buns...yummm...the shiitaki steame buns are good to...I've also had the  Smoked Chicken Wings-pickled chili, garlic, scallions, that's good also and u get just enough of a portion. their pre fix dinner menu ( which wa deeeeeeeeeelish) was enough for my sister and I along with an order f steamed shrimp buns...we left happy....
Start with the Charred Octopus, move to buns ( we loved brisket, but hear fav reviews about the pork, too), then move to noodles. Spicy Ramen were fantastic-- if you can handle heat, definetly try them!  The only weak dish was the 7 spice chips-- could taste old oil, and I think I could come up with better spice combos.  But overall a terrific experience, and reasonably priced. I'm a fan!
We were there for the late night menu, so restricted in choice. Nevertheless, satisfying meal. The sausage buns are great; the soup ramen texture was very good, and the pork was excellent. The standout was the ginger/scallion ramen (not soup ramen). Probably not everyone's taste, but its distinctiveness grew on me.
Another example of how the hype can be a killer. Always heard about Momofuku's Ramen and how the wait is so long but totally worth it. I am glad I was seated in under 10 minutes at 10pm on a Tuesday night. I would have been pretty upset if I had to wait longer than 30 minutes only because I felt like the ramen was not anything special. It was definitely good but not worth the wait if you are waiting over 30 minutes. I ordered the fingerling potatoes and braised (beef or pork, i forgot) bun -- both of which were good. then i had the momofuku ramen which again, was good. nothing great. i've heard great things about the momofuku milk bar and desserts so I just had to try the desserts too. white miso pudding & the pancake cake truffles both get a thumbs down from me. i couldn't even finished more than 2 bites of each, not because i was full but because they definitely weren't worth the calories to me. womp womp womp.
The good news: the steamed pork buns are to die for. No, they are to kill for. If, say, a baby was standing between me and a momofuku pork bun, I guess the parents would have to get to work making another baby. There, I said it: momofuku pork buns warrant infanticide. The bad news: infanticide is a crime. You will go to jail if you kill a baby. Sorry! Also, the pork buns are so rich I could feel the fresh coat of yellow fat getting slathered all over my aorta while I wolfed down my delicious... decadent... deliriously good pork bun. The price was right: I was freeloading. If they make pork buns that could drive a man to exterminate the innocent, I imagine they do other food items well, too.
Holy BALLS. One of the most memorable meals of my life. I was here for a conference with a coworker, and both of our psuedo-spouses had joined us in the city. I also have several friends that work in Manhattan, and about six weeks before we arrived, having just booked the trip - decided to try to score a Momofuku Noodle Bar Fried Chicken reservation. I got up right at 10 for a few days in a row and managed to get a 12:00 seating for our group. The meal can feed up to 8 people, and costs $100 flat. You can revise your reservation number up until 48 hours before, which we eventually downscaled to 5 based on who could ditch work. The restaurant opens at 12, and by the time it did, a fairly large crowd had queued for walk-ins. Everyone there was seated immediately at the sort-of communal tables, or at the bar. We were very excited! They greeted us warmly, and when we mentioned the reservation, smiled broadly and said, "Oh, great! You're back here, come on!" This is a celebrity chef's restaurant, and it is booked and busy ALL THE TIME. I expected to be treated coldly, or have it be... snooty, or snobby. Not so. The staff is incredibly, incredibly sweet. They got us drinks and explained how the meal would work, and then quickly started setting our large table with sauces. We started trying to spread everything out, and they gently suggested the best way to set the table for ourselves to accommodate all that was to come. A huge bowl of fresh raw veggies came out next (bib lettuce, radishes, carrots, etc.) and then a little plastic steamer of thick-ish potato latkes. We could have ordered sides or other menu items, but the staff suggested that we were going to have more than enough to eat. Imagine that. They were 100% right. 6 would have been the perfect number for this meal. And then the chicken. Oh god, the chicken. They seem to do only one chicken meal at a time, and everyone in the restaurant oohed and aah ed, some having no idea such a thing was available. People snapped photos, asked questions, "How do you even?? How far... wow!" and generally made us feel like we had done something very special for ourselves. We asked the servers how THEY liked to eat the chicken, and they told us their favourite combos, but suggested that we experiment and play. I am ruined for all other chicken. That's all I can say. It was twice as good as all the hype led me to believe it was, and that is saying something. Honestly. Now I'm dying to try the beef seven ways. The whole thing is just executed so thoughtfully. It's timed perfectly. The vegetables complement everything perfectly, and the sauces are delicious and well balanced. It's a simple meal you can eat in a lot of different ways. When you run out of veggies and latkes, they just bring you more. For FREE. Rest of the meal was unrushed, we shared some salted truffle pretzel ball things, which were perfect, and were off after settling our "30$/person with beers" bill with cash and FOUR different credit cards - which they accepted and ran through without even a hint of irritation. And then we rolled home with the meat sweats. A midnight spot would be super fun post bar. Do it! You won't regret it!!
The pork buns were pretty awesome (and an interesting, updated take on the traditional pork bun).  We also had the 7 seasoned chips (great), the cold sichuan noodles (great), and the rosemary frozen yogurt (also great).   One tip though.  On a day when it's 99 degrees outside and you're looking to have a nice lunch in refuge from the heat, make sure you don't get a seat at the bar right by the kitchen (with the flat-tops and noodle boilers putting out tons of heat).  That on top of the sichuan noodles and spicy chips and the two of us walked out of there looking like we just put in an hour on the treadmill.
Lucky us, we were able to snag one of the coveted fried chicken dinner reservations on Christmas Eve.   Our party of 8 arrived promptly at 5:30 pm and waited amidst others outside waiting to be let in for the night's first seating.   We were seated at one of the long (usually communal) tables in the center of the dining room/hall, and ordered a round of momofuku soju slushies ("a yuzu palmer") that  was awesome.  Before the chicken dinner began, we ordered 2 plates of each the steamed pork buns and steamed shrimp buns.  Both were amazing, and the shrimp ones interestingly made with a shrimp patty (cake like but with chunks of shrimp).  We also had the special appetizer hamachi collar bone (tastes like sushi hamachi but cooked, and quite oily). Then came the chicken - two whole fried chickens (but into pieces), one southern style and one korean style, served with sides of mu shu pancakes, bibb lettuce, four sauces and an assortment of seasonal vegetables (carrots and radishes).    The southern style chicken was hard fried, and a bit on the salty side, while the korean style was good though could have been crispier.  The sauce too was spicy and predominantly flavored by korean chili paste (gojuchang) and fell a little flat. Nonetheless, the sides and overall experience were great.  Packed house, plenty of food, and a warm buzz on a chilly NY winter night.  What could be better?
BOYCOTTING DAVID CHANG!! Having looked at the menu prior, I knew we were in for some overpriced food. However, I HAD to introduce the pork bun virgins to pork heaven so we went regardless. I had an appt for 9:30pm on a Thurs night w/ my meetup at Ssam but it was packed and there was a 45min wait (they don't take reservations). Hungry as a hippo, we decided to hedge ourselves by having a few ppl go to the Noodle Bar to see if we could get seated faster. After all, even though we preferred Ssam, both places offered the steamy pork buns. We were starving after rock climbing so we weren't that picky at that point. Sure enough, the Noodle Bar was only a 5min wait so we decided to call the rest of the group over. Note that they only seat you when your party is complete. Upon sitting down, I noticed that their menu (more of a rectangular 2-sided card) clearly states that they don't make alterations to their dishes to accomodate 'having it your way'.   This is what we ordered: - Steamed Buns [pork] ($9) - always consistent - i was told by an employee that the key is to use Sriracha to add a hint of spiciness...great advice..this dish is CRACK! - Smoked Chicken Wings pickled chili, garlic, scallions ($11) - tasted the smokiness...very very good..perhaps the best non fried wings in town! - Smoked Duck Breast mustard seeds, sour cream, cinnamon ($14) - way too smoky...masked the taste of the duck Ramen chicken, shredded pork  ($12) - my friend ordered this - said the broth was way too fatty..took one bite and tried to send it back - they made her pay for it anyway - Momofuku Ramen pork combo, poached egg  ($16) - supposedly the best of the worst...it looked better than it tasted. None of my friends finished this dish by choice..they said they've had better - Asparagus with country ham (~$14) - roughly 8 asparagus sticks with fried onion over it. Cream sauce under it with tiny bits of country ham mixed in - clearly overpriced by a LOT! Note: We saw an empty table but that was reserved for a group of 8 that ordered the Bo Ssam (pork butt) for $200. What? I didn't know they take reservations! That's one expensive piece of ass! We all left UNIMPRESSED - 3rd strike (Noodle Bar - ramen was lackluster, Ssam - 3 notches too salty, Ko - overpriced, tried too hard to be creative, not well thought out). Your yummy $5 pork buns will only get you so far DC!
pork buns!!!  i was catching up with a high school friend of mine as i was having the first bite of the pork bun. me: "yeah school is going alright. but i feel that i can ..oh wow.." the pork buns totally interrupted my train of thought. i totally lost track of what i was talking about. it was fairly embarassing. excellent pork buns. or to use yelp's lingo, their pork buns are "to die for."  (seriously, we yelpers need to expand our vocab for describing food.) i got the momofuku ramen. and it was good. everything was right. but i don't think this justifies $16 ramen though. most ramen places i've been to in ny charge $8-10 for their ramen... i wanted to give this place five stars but the servers gave me the impression of "yeah finish your freakin ramen and get the hell out. i have 10 people waiting to be seated." it's a popular restaurant so i totally understand this. another thing: the chefs. two of them almost got into a fight. and we were sitting at the bar so we were little bit terrified.
Had the pre fixe noodle menu with a friend.  Like the Ssam bar, there was one good dish and the rest was average or sub par.  For one dish we were both given under cooked noodles so we sent it back to the kitchen.  Wouldn't recommend.
Went with reservations for the fried chicken (2 local chickens worth of food, dipping sauces and fresh garden vegetables, $100). Crazy delicious, most, flavorful, crunchy...everything you look for in fried Chicken. I'm down to pay extra for local chicken since it's the only time I'll eat it but you'll have to decide if the price is right for you. We went in for 4 and probably could have spread it among 6 or 8. Shrimp, Ham and Pork Belly Buns were delicious. My issue ended up being the server. For a 100$ chicken (and ultimately a 200+ bill for 4 of us) I was somewhat offended by his tapping his pen on his hand as he spoke to us, while looking around like he had better places to be. We seemed to be bothering him by ordering food....crazy customers coming in, wanting to buy things and spend money- how rude! I would have appreciated a little friendlier effort and a moment of his attention while he was at the table. I also found the hostess's wardrobe choice a bit bizarre- I guess its New York trendy but I could not distinguish her from a customer dropping it. A little distinction between guests and employees helps. Bottom line? I a good thing to try at least once.
Momofuku Noodle Bar will be the first of the Momofukus that I have experienced. Reading and hearing of mostly mixed and average reviews, I wasn't certain of what to expect. While it has served as the catalyst for ramen joints in the East Village, I can say it only provided an example of what makes for a mediocre ramen bowl and ramen experience in general. Not terrible but certainly not worth the hype and praise it receives. Also, not surprisingly overpriced due to the hype -- $15 for most bowls plus a 30 minute to an hour wait at their most busy hours. No 'kaedama' option too. There is a stark contrast to the taste and quality of the ramen when compared to Ippudo or Totto. I'm not even sure it's suitable to compare to such ramen establishments. Judging the food on its own, it doesn't lend itself to that same level. As a spicy food fanatic, I opted for the Spicy Miso Ramen. The factor of spice/heat is very tolerable. The ramen noodles were actually cooked just right, and I appreciated the texture. It had the right amount of chewiness. The poached egg was a nice addition, but little did it enhance. I couldn't appreciate very much else. As a whole, the ingredients didn't mesh well. Broth wasn't clean and much too salty. I wasn't too fond of the chicken, which was chunky bites and bland. My guest's Momofuku Ramen, which comes with pork belly, was much too salty. I was grabbing for water the entire time. As for the restaurant space, it's casual, ordinary and very similar to other small ramen establishments. Light wood furniture, bench style seating, communal tables, and there is a bar with seating in front of the kitchen area. Due to the influx of customers, it's hardly a quiet, low-key dining experience. They have customers waiting by the cash register at front. Service tends to suffer because space and seating between tables is much too tight. Momofuku leaves something to be desired. I've had a share of ramen bowls, and this was one of the least impressive. There are plenty of ramen joints in the city that will serve something of similiar quality/taste. Though, you won't have the famous chef and hype attached to it. In spite, I still plan to venture to the other Momofuku restaurants in the city.
Awesome experience for a first-timer! A friend and I sat at the bar in front of the kitchen, so it was quite entertaining to watch all the chefs in action. We did have to wait an hour and some minutes, but I think it was worth it. The momofuku ramen was pretty tasty and quite filling. I appreciated the fact that the broth wasn't too salty, but flavored just right. Shrimp buns were crispy and delicious, but could've been warmed up a bit more.
I came here expecting great ramen. The establishment is very pretty, and their menu is short and sweet. We ordered the Momofuku ramen ( ramen, pork belly, poached egg) the Bok choy and the pork buns. Just not very good. The broth of the ramen was lacking as well as the pork buns (pretty greasy). The prices were a bit outrageous. I won't be returning to Momofuku Noodle Bar.
Wow I've never spent so much money for bad ramen before! Food is great on presentation but as far as flavor goes, I am not convinced it should have a 3+ star rating.   I had the momofuku ramen.  I figure if you are putting your brand on this bowl of noodles, then it better be pretty darn good. The conclusion: nope, it was not good.  Not worth my hard earned dollars! The noodle texture was not great.  The soup didn't have this complex flavor to warrant the high price tag.  I was not wow-ed and I wasn't even tempted to order the pork buns when I glanced across our communal table. Maybe fusion ramen is just not for me.  I think I should stick to what I know: the traditional bowl of ramen.
Deducting a star for the seating style and how loud the room gets, but overall I really enjoyed this place. Service was good from the start; my date and I mentioned we were in a bit of a rush so the hostess got us two stools right away and gave our waitress a heads-up so we could order quickly.  Got the ramen with pork and poached egg (basic I know, but I had to choose quickly) and loved it.  Few things make me happier than a poached egg done right, so pair that with the tender pork and I was very much a fan.  Our waitress disappeared so it was various people filling our water glasses, serving, and bringing the check, but we were never ignored so it wasn't a big deal. We split the ice cream because I just had to try the flavors: a twist of rosemary and honeyed cantaloupe softe serves.  *Loved* it, it was such an amazing flavor combination.  I considered stabbing my date with my tiny spoon so I could have it to myself, but sharing is caring.  Great meal, will definitely go back.
Wanted to love this place so much!  Love Chang's attitude and "celeb-persona".  I had never had any of the Chang Empire food, aside from Milk Bar. Got there with the wife at 1145 on a Sunday morning.  We were 1st in line and the doors opened at noon sharp with about 10 strangers and the 2 of us at the door.  We pulled up and the bar and were pleasantly greeted by the Momofukurs. Ordered the spicy chips.  Very good kettle roasted chips that had a nice kick.  Good move there. Pork buns were up next, yum!  There are 2 and they were heavenly.  Very soft, pork belly rocked the house.  Get em. Final stop, ramen.  I had the Momofuku ramen, and sadly it was just okay...dull tastes of pork (and I friggin love pork) and a fairly normal broth, noodles were decent and very salty...juzt didn't hit me the right way.  My partner in crime had the spicy chicken ramen, this was way better...way saltier...and way spicier.  But it was pretty good. As an aside, service was just okay.  They passed test one which was great speed of service and keeping the water full.  They failed test 2 which was making us feel a bit rushed by trying to clear the plates early, I always hate that...just let us eat our $19 ramen, at least while it is still hot. Overall, chips and buns get 4's, ramen's 3's.  Given my high expectation I have to round it down to 3, just to equalize the hype. Good but not great.  I'll try another Chang-mania joint and see if I do better. PS - David please let people sample the fro-yo!  It's just the way frozen yogurt is meant to be.  It is bad karma to deny samples, as this is the way of life!!!!
I've definitely had the most fattening meal in awhile at this cute little place. I dived into the dish containing noodles, berkshire pork, a poached egg, and broth for dipping. It was truly delightful, and though the pork was swimming with fat, it literally melted in my mouth, and paired well with the crunchy scallions and hearty noodles. However, high prices and a cramped setting will cause me to look for better and equally tasty deals elsewhere.
Now that I've been to Ippudo, I had to re-evaluate my opinion of Momofuko.  See Ippudo review for further details.
No complaints, but it didn't reach my expectations. The pork buns were delicious, A+. The pig's tail appetizer was so-so - this may be a personal preference, not the actual execution of the dish. I thought the acid fruit paired well. I got the spicy cold noodle (HOT) and my friend the traditional ramen. Both were good, mine probably better. I wasn't sure based on lack of experience, but it seemed like the noodle dishes, especailly the ramen, could be found elsewhere. Service was quick, although poor form by the front of the house for bumping our reservation b/c we had one person literally 30 seconds late. Rules are rules but that is clearly just an "image" thing. We only waited another  10 minutes anyway (on a Friday at 7:30). You can walk up and get seated in a reasonable time and enjoy the chic ambiance. I will go back but want to try some other noodle shops first.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I love the pork buns.  You really can't go wrong it with all the fat in it.  The menu changes all the time but every dish is always good. It gets really packed here so I only come on a weeknight.  The seating is tight and the atmosphere is laid back.  Service is good and friendly.
I went there today for takeout and got the spicy cold noodles with cashews. The dish was so spicy that I started to swallow the first bite of noodles and my body threw them up. Yup, the noodles were so Spicy that my very own body rejected them. I can't judge anything else that I took away since I threw the dishes out for fear of the same. The service unlike the food was pretty good but that us about it. I really wanted to like the food but I cannot even stomach it.
Came here for ramen last week, but wanted to wait on the review since I knew I'd be back for the fried chicken reservation tonight. The ramen was not as good as I hoped.  I liked Ippudo better.  The broth tasted too fishy, and I felt the noodles didn't have as much substance.  $16 for a bowl of ramen is a lot to pay when you can get much better elsewhere in the city.   Pork buns here are definitely the gold standard.  Each order has 2 pork buns, and each bun contains 2 huge pork slices that have just the right amount of fat.  Skip the chicken wings.  Not worth the calories. The fried chicken reservation was definitely a fun experience.  Glad it's bucket listed, but wouldn't go through the trouble again.   There were 4 of us, including two guys with huge appetites.  We struggled to finish everything off.   The dinner includes 2 whole chickens.  Half the order southern style, the other half Korean style.  4 sauces:  2 spicy, 2 non-spicy. Tortilla style pancakes, greens, radishes, and carrots.  I think that 5 people would be comfortably satiated with this meal.  It was a bit much for the 4 of us.   The good think about the chicken is that it was consistently juicy throughout.  Not a dry piece present.  The first few bites were delicious, but the saltiness of both flavors got to me towards the end.  I'm still drinking gallons of water 2 hours later. I'm glad I went and the food was tasty, but as others have stated, it's overhyped and overpriced.
UMMMMMM. what r your folks thinking???? This is BY FARRRRRRRRR the worst "NOODLE" place ever in the city (that I have come across at least). It has NO RIGHT being called RAMEN because that is NOT RAMEN. Just some ramen LIKE dish. Heard from friends that this was pass-able but had to try to TRY. First the service was good and very attentive. Filled my water at least 3xs (but warm water no ice... that is the style i guess here) so that was very much appreciated.... The pork buns were actually good, but VERY fatty. I obviously know that it is supposed to to be... but the ratio of fat was like 8:2 HAHA. Rather eat IPPUDO's (my personal favorite). The noodles on the other hand were out of this WORLD! HAH. In a very BAD way. They were clumpy (like five strands of noodles all smashed in one) and its was very obvious that the noodles were OLD since that is what happens when they pre make the noodles and it just sits there for a long time.... (SEE PHOTO) There was not kick in the soup and no depth whatsoever. Just a very bad bowl of noodles. I think instant ramen tastes better than this. REALLY. I will never pay an outrageous amount of money for this "bowl of noodles" ever again. SO OVERRATED.  I know its one of those places that you just have to try for yourself.... Go for it..  like I did.  but if you think this is a good RAMEN sorry, no offense but you just never had REAL ramen.. i think. because this is the most americanized "noodles" I have ever ate. Sorry for being so harsh but I was very disappointed!!!!
The pork buns are the perfect delivery vehicle for the magical substance that is pork fat. Seriously, one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. If you set a tub of them in front of me, I'd finish every single one just short of my stomach exploding. I am only getting into ramen now, so I am by no means a connoisseur... but in my humble opinion, the classic (pork) ramen was absolutely delicious. I think the real standout of the dish is the broth, which is chock full of savory, smoky, meaty flavor. The texture of the noodles was also very pleasing. I slurped up every last bit, and can't wait to return.
This may be my favorite of David Chang's restaurants. Nestled in the East Village, it is always crowded but strategically going there on the Friday before Labor Day when half of the city was gone, I only had to wait 5 minutes. I had the vegetable ramen which was amazing. I've had Ippudo's, Toto Ramen's, and a few around midtown, but this was by far my favorite. The noodles were hearty and the addition of the pecorino cheese is subtle but the hardness and nutty flavor of the cheese was a perfect addition to the noodles and veggies. My boyfriend ate the momofuku ramen. He still prefers Ippudo's but did finish his bowl with a smile on his face. We also tried the heirloom tomato salad which was light and refreshing on a summer evening. The sangria slushie was the only disappointing part of the evening. It tasted more like kool-aid. Service is effiecient. As long as you don't mind being packed in like sardines, this is worth a visit for some good ramen.
THE +'s: fun twists on classic asian "homey" foods. like the lychee soju slushi. whoever dreamt up the kimchi with roasted potatos topped with a poached egg -- and then made it to perfection(!) is my hero. i dream of that dish still. they also make classics without fancy tricks, such as a super-awesomely fatty meat chinese pork bun. also, clean, modern decor (even their stash of chopsticks is an artsy display) and nice food presentation. THE -'s: eating the first half of a dish was tasty. finishing off the second half was nearly always salty. like erring on "who spilt the entire can of salt into the pot!!" kinda salty. servers were friendly when they had a moment to actually pay attention to you (it was crazy busy when i went at about 10pm on a friday night). the dining room is long and sorta narrow so parties of more than 5 are gonna squish a bit. and boy, was it noisy. SUM: i'm all for new twists on classic dishes. mixing up east with west. at the end of the day though, i gotta watch my salt intake. so it looks like this place won't be on my list of must-go-back.
Put a few East Asian dishes on the menu, secure a happening location in the city, hire an expensive interior decorator, make sure your staff consists of 20-something hipsters, and you've got a place like Momofuku Noodle Bar.  But the fact of the matter is, the food was not anything exceptional.  Personally I thought the space wasn't that impressive either.  And as it's been mentioned before - way overpriced.
From all the hype, I'd say momofuku noodle bar lived it up alright. Since I'm not made of a million bucks, I had to compromise by going to the noodle bar, don't get me wrong, it's just as good as other momofukus but not THE best. Anywhoo, I had the lunch prix fixe which was the duck breast, miso ramen and milk bar soft serve cherry. The duck breast was exquisite, edible art at its best! I almost felt bad consuming it and ruining it's composition. Yes, the meat seems a bit raw but it's very tender. With all the additions of spices, it only makes it more flavorful. The miso ramen didn't disappoint either. I was expecting cup noodle texture kind of ramen but no, I was not hoodwinked. It tasted more like egg noodles, wasn't udon for sure. As for the soft serve milk bar, I had cherry only because the other option, olive oil just didn't sound too appealing to me. It was a nice tangy chilled taste. However I didn't taste cherry, more like raspberry maybe? All in all, this has been a delightful asian cuisine. I'm DEFINITELY coming back for the chicken steamed buns and MAYBE just MAYBE the olive oil soft serve milk bar, it appeared more appetizing than it sounded.
I went to Momofuku Noodle Bar as another option when it turned out Ippudo was closed for the evening (it was New Year's Day).  My friends and I got there half an hour before opening and noticed a small line already forming so we quickly hopped on.  We were quickly seated at a table and the place was crowded within minutes with a line out the door! We started with the famed pork steamed buns which were as good as the gossip says!  They almost literally melted in my mouth with flavor and softness.  After that we had the Roasted Brussels Sprouts (served with bacon, apples and bonito) which were also quite good.  The brussels sprouts were crisp and perfectly done while the bonito shavings added just the right amount of saltiness needed. However, the meal fell apart when we actually got our ramen.  Four out of five people at our table got the traditional Momofuku Ramen and all of us found it disappointing.  The noodles were perfectly cooked but that just could not make up for how bland the broth was, salty but low on flavor complexity.  None of us were able to finish our bowls simply because we didn't have the heart to do so.  I will definitely be going back to Ippudo for ramen (Ippudo has eight varieties of ramen to Momofuku's humble two and they're each packed with better flavor).  One person at our table got the Ginger Scallion Noodles which he seemed to enjoy more than the rest of us did the Ramen but still mentioned that it was not the best he had ever had. I followed up with dessert, hoping that would make up for the ramen.  I got the ginger orange sorbet which tasted like bitter orange rind rather than the meat of an orange with barely any hint of ginger.  It was different and refreshing but I don't think I would get it again. Consensus at my table was that you should go to Momofuku Noodle Bar for the delicious steamed pork buns and the brussels sprouts but that you should actually skip the noodles.  Go to Ippudo for your Ramen hankerings.
eh. i don't know. i totally agree with many of the reviews under me, how did i end up spending $85+ on ramen for 3 people? i guess partially it had to do with my  wanting to try the pork buns that have gotten rave reviews so far on yelp, and then on my friends' desire to order a second batch since the first were amazing (SO GOOD!). its served in a steamed white bun with a fatty but really good pork inside, i think my friends would have ordered another 2 if i didn't point out our ramen was already on its way. all three of us ordered the momofuku ramen, it was kinda too big for me now that i had already started my stomach off on those pork buns but my two friends had no trouble gobbling it all up. honestly it wasn't anything super special. it was good of course, but not like a "oh my gosh best ramen ever" kind of place.. i guess i will have to try my luck elsewhere :) oh yea, and the lychee soda tasted soo good! like lychee juice! and the blueberry soda was yummy too
For as much as David Chang talks about umami, I was puzzled why his ramen broth didn't have much of it. I tried a sip of the signature bowl's broth and that as well as my spicy miso ramen broth lacked depth. Noodles were pretty average, not much bite. I liked all the cabbage and greens in the bowl and the poached egg was a nice touch. Pork bun was awesome though. If you want umami, try Ivan Ramen's shio broth.
FINALLY got to have dinner at Momofuku!  We were told it was going to be an hour and 15 minute wait, but actually got seated 45 minutes later.  It was well with the wait! Had the pork belly bao for my appetizer and had the Momofuku ramen for my main meal.  The pork belly bao was delish!  Pork was so tender and the bao had a nice consistency.  The ramen was the perfect thing to have that night (it was cold out!)
I have to update my review. I think I first gave Momofuku Noodle Bar 4 stars after one of my first visits when I first moved to New York. Back then, everything about NYC was wonderful - I even thought the sidewalks in Times Square sparkled. Since then, I've forced myself to become slightly more realistic about this city and my experiences have taught me well. I know nothing more about boys, saving money, hanging out at cool clubs, or PowerPoint, but at least I know ramen. And now i know that Momofuku is mediocre, overpriced ramen. Their signature ramen? Meh. Miso ramen? Meh. Special ramen of the evening? Probably also meh. The buns are always good, though, and I still love the candied cashews.
Man, I didn't want to like this place, but I did. Especially since our host was kind of annoying as soon as we walked in, but everyone else in the place made up for her surly attitude. We spent a lot of money, but we all left very stuffed. My favorite things: 1. amberjack risotto - I have never had a fish risotto, and I now hope to have one again very soon. 2.  roasted rice cakes - awesome texture, spicy and delicious sauce. 3. chilled spicy noodles - the candied cashews + spicy sausage had that perfect salty/sweet flavor combination I search high and wide for. Does anyone else think the shrimp bun tastes like a mini Filet O' Fish sandwich? Because it does. The pork and brisket bun are both really good. I love mushrooms and I really liked how the shiitake mushrooms were cooked, I just thought that bun needed some extra flavor.
Pork buns are ridiculously good. Ramen, I was less than impressed given that it was almost $20 and tasted like something I could cook myself. I might just order pork buns next time I go.
Drink: Yuzu Palmer slushie. For $5 and getting about 3 shots worth of slushie, not a fan. Appetizer: Pork steamed buns. Pretty good but when I was there, the meat was on the dry side. I topped off every bite with their spicy sauce which tasted like a step up from Sriracha. Main: Momofuku Ramen with pork belly, pork shoulder and bamboo sprouts. Noodles were cooked great. I loved how they were slightly chewy but soft at the same time. Broth was clear but don't be deceived as it was flavorful.
This is for the fried chicken dinner... the overly-hyped (like anything else David Chang related) fried chicken dinner. For $100, you get a large, heaping platter of fried chicken (~2 whole chickens)--half Korean style (spicy but not too spicy), half Southern style.  You also get a bounty bowl of butter lettuce, radishes, carrots, and basil/mint along with some mooshoo-style pancakes and an assortment of sauces (hoisin, bibim, ginger scallion, and a light soy vinaigrette).  Really, my favorite part of the meal was the carrot.  The veggies were pretty fresh.  But I didn't come here to eat a carrot.  I came here expecting some really great chicken.  The chicken wasn't bad, but honestly nothing to rave about... let alone have a special reservation system just for it.  I thought the meat itself was pretty tender and juicy, but didn't really like the texture of the fried skin... thought the Southern version was pretty tasteless without the sauces.  They say it's made with Old Bay but I couldn't really tell.  Korean version was okay... was a little sticky and messy to eat.  However, I did have fun trying the different sauces and making little lettuce or pancake wraps with the meat.  Putting pieces of the Southern fried chicken in the pancake wrap with hoisin sauce was actually pretty good... but again, nothing special.  For 8 people, the bill came out to be about $25/p with the addition of two small apps.  In hindsight, I would choose to go to ktown any day to get better, tastier fried chicken.
Had another great meal at Momofuku two weeks ago. Went on a Thursday night with the boy and a friend, we were seated in under 10 minutes. I started off with the steamed buns (chicken) and had the ginger scallion noodles. I would recommend that for someone interested in the momofuku ramen but who wants a smaller meal/not a meat eater. My men friends had the chilled spicy noodles which lived up to its name and had them gulping down water. Overall, another good night at Momofuku. There will be many more!
This is not your standard "wait 30minutes to an hour in line" ramen but is still very very good.  The broth is not the standard 7000 calorie heart attack pork goodness but the taste is balanced and very clean.  The kimchi stew that my friend had again seemed very confused much like the rice cakes at Ssam bar. It was good for the first few bites and ran into overkill territory soon after.
less salty this time.  blood vessels only slightly tensed up. oh yea, the overpriced smoked duck breast was good.
I've been here twice. I really wanted to like it both times since I've heard great things about this place, but it just didn't end up working out and I don't think I'll be returning. Both times, the ramen was extremely salty. I couldn't even continue eating without chugging water after every bite. In addition, the vegetarian ramen, for lack of a better word, sucks. It consists of a bunch of fried chickpeas and some noodles. The pork buns were actually good, which is why I added a star to my review. The rice cakes were alright. I also never really understood their ordering system - both times we placed our order at around the same time as everyone around us, but had to wait at least 30 minutes before we got our food. This led to some awkward wait times during which we pitifully downed water non-stop in an attempt to ease our hunger. I'm sure this place has its merits since it's so popular, but at this price level, I'd much rather go to one of the many other ramen shops in East Village.
The pork buns are just amazing--oh-so tender with just the right mix of sauce and some veggies. The bun itself is soft and done just right.  The shiitake mushroom buns were just as good. We had an asparagus dish that was very good as well, with the poached egg and a mixture of other ingredients that left you wanting more. The ramen was fine,  and as someone else said, its the pork that makes this soup-dish special. Not the best ramen on earth, but OK. Come for the pork and mushroom buns.  If you miss them there is no real point. The place is always crowded, but the service is prompt and efficient. They will help you if you ask but not much more than that. The mama-joints have become a mini-industry down on the low-east. Their places are all small, packed with hipsters and have interesting food. Put on your best vintage T and head on over. Defiantly worth a try.
I ventured into the Momofuku Noodle Bar on a rainy evening hoping to find my new ramen joint.  While I did not find that, I did have a good meal. We decided to keep it simple (and very pork-centric) by ordering the pork buns and the momofuku ramen.  The pork buns were delicious, but the average price per bun was a bit extreme.  The ramen had its ups and its downs.  Having both pork belly and pork shoulder was a huge positive.  The slightly poached egg added richness, enhanced the texture, and brought out the flavors of the broth.  Unfortunately, without the egg, the broth was not very flavorful.  Another mark against was the huge clump of noodles that were doughy and stuck together in my bowl. I found that Momofuku was more about the reputation and the scene than the actual quality of the delivery.  Would I go back?  Sure.  Am I rushing to return?  No, I am not.
This review is specifically for the ramen, as it seems this place is more known for its fried chicken/pork buns (why call it a noodle bar then?). The place was packed for dinner, but it should have been a sign that no one in the restaurant looked like they knew what authentic ramen is.  We ordered the Momofuku ramen and - as much as I hate to say it - I wasn't impressed, for all the hype.  The broth was oily (which isn't unusual, some ramen joints have put pork fat in the broth and it's awesome), but most disappointing was that the ramen came to us lukewarm.  By the time I got to the bottom of the bowl, it was cold. Again, I could have missed out on something really big here, but a lot of people were ordering the ramen too and I just couldn't get into it.  If I have a chance to go back to NYC, I'd try something else, but for now, I'm not a fan.
The flavor of the broth was great. The only thing that could have made it better was if they made the noodles themselves.
Ok, I went in there with very high expectations.  My favorite ramen EVER is daikokuya in LA, and considering david chang's reputation and his bo ssam restaurant being what it is, I daydreamed about this place all morning.  Wow was I underwhelmed. The thing that killed it for me was the broth.  All of the other ingredients were cooked to perfection.  The easy-poached egg (I think that's what it was) was a fancy touch and everything from the ambiance to the food presentation added to my excitement.   And then I tried the broth.  It was complex, had a tartness to it, flavors that definitely stuck out that I can't place, but BLAND. MEH, Apparently I like traditional and simple ramen, so I probably won't be coming back.
Had yet another great experience here with Courtney P, and sampled the ginger scallion noodles. So unhealthily yumtastic! We sat at the kitchen bar and talked to Dan, one of the chefs, the whole time; he was super cool, and let us try some of their pickled ramps after we discussed them. We now know the secret of ramp pickling - extra sugar and 7 spice! Also tried the fired rice cakes with shrimp for the first time. CHOICE!
so after hearing and reading all the hype about momofuku, i'm concluding that really, everyone has a different idea of what "good ramen" is. i love fatty broths, but momofuku does a cleaner broth. it's still very well-flavored (some might think over-flavored), but i thoroughly enjoyed it.  i loved the perfectly soft-poached egg and their choice of toppings, which included TWO types of pork. mmmm. their noodles were perfectly cooked as well. he got the spicy cold ramen and he seemed to really enjoy it.  it was way to spicy for me to even enjoy, but i'm a wimp when it comes to spicy. the highlight of the meal was the pork buns, hands down.  the pork belly was so perfectly cooked. the man-tou bun perfectly steamed. and  just the right amount of hoisin, pickled cucumber and scallion to balance the fattiness of the pork. he  wants to try to recreate this at home with his momofuku cookbook.  i'll let you know how it goes. overall, personally i do think it's worth the hype, however it's not worth waiting an hour for (really, what is?).  also, they're very strict about seating you only when your entire party has arrived.
its the bomb.  Its my favorite ramen joint n NYC.  The pork buns are better than everyone sez.
What more is there to say beyond what's already been said? Real quick: The ramen has gotten progressively better over the past few years and is now perfection. It is a pork-lover's wet-dream. Super porky broth, filled with different cuts of pig. My only wish is that they replaced the poached egg with the traditional soy sauce marinated egg. The noodles are firm and have good tooth. The pork buns are unctuously rich and salty. Yum! The menu changes-- but another highlight on one of my my visits was the kimchi braised oxtail and mandoo. I'd give anything here a try.
Having eaten at several ramen joint around the city, I eagerly anticipated an awe-inspiring experience at Momofuku. Alas, I was soundly disappointed.  Their most popular dish, the self named ramen, featured a lifeless, shoyu heavy broth with discordant garnishes.  Individually the pork and noodles were good but failed to meld well in the end. For better ramen, I suggest Ippudu (a few blocks west) or Hide-Chan (Midtown East).
Best Ramen I've had in a long time. The poached egg works perfectly with the broth and noodles. The appetizers were good as well (buns, spicy korean noodles, pork belly) and they have a good beer selection as well. Seriously, try the ramen. It made me a little sad to eat it, knowing that I wouldn't get ramen this good again in a long time. Momofuku SF please?
I was excited to try it despite some mixed reviews I'd heard from friends. I'm a ramen fanatic back in Vancouver where we have many incredible restaurants. After walking by a few times where it was packed with a line, I decided to go one weeknight a bit later to see if I could get seated easily at the kitchen bar. The best part of my meal was sitting at the kitchen bar and watching the amazing crew work their magic with perfected coordination and collaboration. The expediter knew exactly when to call certain dishes, the chefs seemed to whip up beautiful presentations, the servers cheerfully picked up orders to run out to tables. Everything was well orchestrated. I ordered the special ramen and a draft beer. I waited more than ten minutes for the ramen and this was around 9:30pm. No big deal, I didn't mind. When it arrived, my first thought was -- huh, these noodles look weird. They looked -- packaged. I'm sure they're not. I wasn't too thrilled about them once I ate them, either. Al dente is one thing, but these noodles had a tough texture. Overall, the ramen broth and meat were both good. I just don't think it was worth $16, and I don't think it was worth all the hype. For good ramen, I'll stick to my favs in Vancouver.
Having heard so much praise of David Chang I was excited to try his Noodle Bar. We had no reservations and showed up around 7 in the evening, no problem to get two seats at the bar right away so not sure if we were just lucky. We ordered a different ramen each and it was good - fresh, flavorful but still must say that I have had better noodles in many places in Japan, Korea and China so not entirely impressed but not bad either. The pork buns were however a different matter, great flavor and just divine. The pork buns are 5-star but the ramen only 3-star so that adds up to a 4 rating but go there for the pork buns and it is great.
I just can't get over the pork buns... Amazing.  The rest if the city has caught up to this place in terms of ramen, so it's not a standout anymore, but come in they're still really good.  We got lucky and arrived a bit early on a snowy night so we had no line, definitely helped.  We were a bit rushed to leave, but overall a really really good meal experience... Oh and did I mention the pork buns? :)
This place gets 4 stars solely for those pork buns. They are incredible. The pork is tender, and everything works together very well. We would've been happy with just 10 of those. The ramen, on the other hand, is just okay. It's not bad, but there is definitely better ramen (and cheaper!). There was a smokiness to the ramen that overpowered everything else. The atmosphere is nice, but expect a wait. We got lucky that a bunch of people just kind of left, letting us get seated with a minimal wait. But that's unlikely to happen often, especially later on the weekends. There was a huge line when we left at 9. But the PORK BUNS! Totally worth any wait.
Food was okay. The noodles seemed overly salty though. Glad I tried it because it's such a popular place, but I personally wouldn't go there again. I'm sure there are plenty of other restaurants in the city with better [and cheaper] noodle bowls. Still worth a try if you've never been!
'pork buns' and other buns were my favorite things on the menu, followed very very closely by the japanese turnips.  Overall yummy japanese fusion food, very loud and very crowded. not a great place for meeting up with someone you haven't seen in a while and trying to catch up.  Great for a night out with close friends to have a snack and drinks before going out.
After hearing all of the great things about momofuku, I was completely disappointed by my visit.  The food and the atmosphere were just not up to par. I absolutely LOVE the pork buns at Ippudo and having read people compare the buns from Ippudo and the buns from Momfuku, I thought they would be on the same level.  My order of pork buns came out and I was so excited to dig in, but was completely underwhelmed.  They don't measure up to Ippudo's at all and regardless of comparison, they are just OK.  The bun is not nearly as soft, the sauce is definitely just average, and there is way too much fatty pork in that bun. On to the main course: We ordered the ginger scallion noodles per the waitress' suggestion and the momofuku ramen. My noodles were drenched in way too much oil and that ramen was not authentic in the least.  Both were just edible to say the least.  We both didn't finish our plates.  Enough said. In regards to the atmosphere - I do not enjoy screaming across the table over dinner and trying to drown out the loud conversation of my adjacent strangers.
My friend insisted that I would love the ramen here at Momofuku so that's what I ordered.  It was good, but $16?  I don't think so.  It is quite large though and could easily be split between two people but I don't even think I would spend $8 on it again.  I had a friend order the pork buns which were actually delicious, so if I ever return to Momofuku the pork buns are probably what I would order.  I do love the decor though, it was very, as my friend described it, eco chic.  Not sure if I'd come back here honestly, but I'm glad to have experienced it.
Unbelievably good pork belly bun and chicken miso ramen soup.  Sitting at the counter watching the kitchen get to work added some spectator sport aspect to it all.  All ingredients are super fresh and cooked to order.  See for yourself!
Come here for a few buns. Use them as an appetizer and then go somewhere else. Because that's all this place is really good for. The best part: the buns. All of the buns are very good. The most surprising bun was the shrimp. When it came, it was in the form of a cake which did not look very appetizing. It surpassed my expectations, however, and was a burst of flavor and texture that left me wanting more. The not so good: Just about everything else. Had an octopus appetizer--it was overpriced, there was far too little octopus to justify the cost, and the little octopus in this dish was overly tough. Got a bowl of the Momofuku ramen, and it was salty, bland, and small. Overall, a disappointing experience saved only by the buns.
I'd been so excited for this food so naturally I had very high expectations. Were they met? Absolutely. It was everything I wanted. We didn't even have to wait for a table (came during lunch.) Yes, the pork buns are as good as everyone says. We ordered the corn for the hell of it, even though it thought it was a bit much at 10 bucks, but damn was it savory and delicious. The ramen was more simplistic than what I'm used to, but I enjoyed the mild umami-ish taste. Delicious! I've been craving this food everyday since I've left.
The food?  Tasty.  Overpriced?  Yeah.  Overrated?  Probably.  Would I go back?  Hmmm... Don't get me wrong this place passes the taste test.  A friend took me here, and she's savvy about avoiding the lengthy waits these kinds of places usually have around dinner time; the easy solution (per her instructions) don't roll deep and show up before dinner time.  Thanks to this advice, we were both promptly seated around 5:45 (upon our arrival). Service was attentive, despite how well attended the restaurant was (it fills up fast).  I got the pork buns, wagyu beef tartare, and the Momofuku ramen.  The pork buns were easily the highlight of the meal.  The pork is so tender and moist, melt in your mouth, like butter.  The pictures I saw online are deceptive though, as they are sooo much smaller in real life!   The pork in the ramen was just as tender and juicy; the ramen itself though was average (save for the pork and the poached egg, delicious).  The broth wasn't very tasty, almost watery, though the noodles were alright; the bowls they give are huge, but they only fill the bowl halfway with ramen noodles and broth (sly SOBs).  The beef tartare was serviceable, but not very memorable. I'd go again for the pork buns, but I'd pass on the other two dishes.  I definitely want to try the fried chicken dinner (maybe that will impress me more next time).
made it over to the east village for lunch.  lucky for us, we only waited 10 minutes to get seated.  we talked to the hostess who told us that dinner time gets extremely hectic.  good thing they take your cell phone number and just call you when your table is ready.  efficiency. since we had a long, long day of eating ahead of us, we only ordered the staples: pork bun ($10). momofuku ramen ($16). no wonder people rave about the pork buns.  they are fantastic.  absolutely fantastic.  the pork belly melts in your mouth.  i get it now.  so we have had ippudo's pork bun too.  i think they go head-to-head.  i cant say one is definitely better than the other.  both are delicious. the ramen was good.  we got the momofuku ramen (had to go with the original since it was our first time).  it has pork belly, pork shoulder, a poached egg, scallions, cabbage, and kamaboko.  don't be fooled.  this will definitely fill you us.  i cant put my finger on it but the noodles are different.  more al dente?  is that it? we enjoyed it. - atmosphere:  long communal table in the front of the restaurant with high chairs.  it gets pretty loud in there.  loved sitting near the window...i cant get enough of natural light.  seating in the back is for bigger parties.   - price:  a tad on the pricey side.  but i would say worth it. - service:  food comes out fast.  good thing because there is always a line of people waiting to be seated.   - overall:  loved our meal.  pork bun, i will dream about you and await the day we meet again.
$16 for a bowl of Momofuku ramen that smells nothing but liquid smoke.  Is this Ramen or Kalua Pork??? The noodles were nothing special, in fact it's a bit overcooked for my taste.  I don't get the soft poached egg in a bowl of noodle soup.  I don't mind raw egg yolks, but it does not go with noodle soup.  Once the yolk breaks, it just get lost in the soup.  Minca's seasoned stewed eggs have much better flavors and texture.  It's one thing trying to be different, but not in the expense of sacrificing flavors and textural sensations. The Nori was sitting in an open container by the kitchen counter, so by the time you put it in your mouth it's soggy and extremely chewy.  It would have been better if they just left it out of the ramen. Charging $9 for a tiny glass of wine.  How about serving wine in a wine glass? I can't believe one of my favorite chefs "Morimoto" voted this place the #1 ramen in the East Village.  Ippudo trumps this place.  Will not return.
when you sit down and find yourself next to a group of SF chefs you know you are eating at the right place. :) momofuku gave me hands down the most incredible pork bun i have ever tasted. it's like a piece of fatty pork heaven. sweet delicate plum sauce, cucumber, maybe a lil sumthin else, wrapped up in a bun taco. that thing made my night. the husband got the momofuku ramen, which we both agreed would be best on a cold night. once you break the poached egg and swirl it thru the broth and get that seaweed down in there, along with a squirt of hot sauce you are good to go. but it was my choice, the ginger noodles with spicy homemade sausage, spicy/sweet cashews and spinach greens that i thought was perfection in a noodle dish. it's not "really" spicy as the waitress would have you think, altho the kick was real and just enough to make you burn a little. if you like spicy this is your dish. we thought the service was great considering we walked in 20 min before their kitchen closed and they made sure we got our orders in in time. it's a long bustling room, no bells and whistles, just clean decor so the food is what you remember. also it's an affordable choice compared to chang's other restaurants. so get down there and don't miss that pork bun.
After venturing to Momofuku's Ssam Bar for a flavorful pig roast dinner, my friends and I were eager to visit David Chang's Noodle Bar for his over-the-top fried chicken extravaganza.  We were only able to snag a lunch reservation, but were willing to accept whatever we could get.   As usual, I was a bit late to meet the group, but hurried to join them at the rectangular wooden table.  A few members of the group were sipping the restaurant's signature Soju Slushie, which looked extremely refreshing.  Though I had drank a decent amount the night before and had no intention of starting the subsequent day with another beverage, I was won over by a tasty sip and just had to order my own glass.  The apple cider was so sweet and tart that it deliciously masked the majority of the alcohol flavor.  Between that and the large included thick straw, my morning cocktail went down a bit too easily.  A bit of a warning though - the potency will quickly creep up on you! Sure, we had a giant fest of fried goodness approaching, but we could not ignore the signature steamed buns and a daily special of challenging pig tails.  We ordered these additional appetizers and inched forward to the edges of our wooden bench, ready to dig into this exciting food bonanza.  Since most of us had already tried (and loved) the savory pork buns, we decided to sample the chicken and shiitake versions this time.  The poultry bun was actually composed of a fried chicken patty that reminded me of the bland sandwiches that I was served in grade school.  The thick, barbecue-style sauce really added the flavor to the stuffing of this tender and delicious bun.  The shiitake variety, on the other hand, was almost as fabulous as the pork.  The mushrooms were expertly sauteed in a delicious earthy broth.  The plate of pig tails was composed of saucy little, elongated appendages that lacked the curly q's one would have expected.  A bite through the bold, savory marinade revealed tender meat that was wrapped around studs of small bones.  The dish tasted like any other cut of barbecued pork, but I mean that in the best possible way; the tasty morsels were perfectly done. Our lunch feast was a daunting buffet that included two whole fried chickens, a vegetable assortment, and large mu su pancakes.  Both massive birds had been been dissected into wings, breasts, thighs, and all of the other traditional cuts.  One chicken was cooked in a traditional Southern-style with a golden crust.  The crispy skin packed the perfect crunch and very little grease.  The other variety was a saucy, spicy double-fried chicken cooked Korean-style.  A bowl of radishes, carrots, and other vegetables were presented alongside a smorgasbord of sauces that included kimchi, scallion, hoisin, and more.  Each person was meant to cup a pancake skin or bulbous bibb lettuce leaf in their hand, and then stuff it with the meat and garnishes.  Though I had loved Chang's pork butt lettuce wraps, I found that the vegetable's ripe crispness detracted from the crunchy fried chicken.  This fun meal was better enjoyed in the thin, tender pancake.  My favorite composition contained pulled Southern chicken, radish slices, carrot chunks, mint leaves, and a slathering of hoisin sauce.  The mixture of textures and flavors was spectacular! Though the chicken meal was delicious, we all agreed that even that satisfying crunch could not overshadow the tender pork butt meal we had previously fawned over.  Regardless, we did concur that David Chang was essentially a genius.
So: 2 people...Saturday night...no reservations = BIG MISTAKE. We had to wait almost an hour for the table and it was nearly suffocating in there with so many people waiting in line either to put their names in for a table or waiting for their names to be called. But that's ok. Momofuku's pork buns seriously made up for it. My roomie and I have been planning to come eat here and we finally found the opportunity to do so tonight! The pork buns just melted in our mouths! Their Momofuku ramen was good but not a crazy "wow" factor. We also ordered the Spicy rice cakes - I don't know why it didn't occur to me that it would be ddukbokki without any vegetables...that kind of felt like a waste. But that's ok. Because Momofuku's buns were awesome! :)
The only thing I can say I liked about this place that it was in the East Village and the pork buns. Oh em freaking geeeee!!! The pork buns were soooooo delicious! I would've love to have ordered them and get them shipped to me in CA! I can't even describe how freakin good it was! This is definitely a must. ! I also ordered the 3 tamales. I wish I would've just requested  5 orders of the pork buns (because an order of those includes 2 buns).   I forgot what flavor the 3 tamales were but I enjoyed only one. I made the mistake of ordering the kimchee one as well (because I am not a big fan of kimchee.)  This place also loses points because  my friend's New Yorker friend had made us reservations for 4, yet, we somehow waited nearly an hour to be seated. And we probably wouldn't have been seated if my friend hadn't suggested to the hostess, to seat us in a corner he spotted that was vacant.  Hostess did a VERY poor job of figuring out where to seat people.  And I didn't like that groups/parties didn't have their own table. You basically have to share a long bench with other strangers.  And you're seated to any vacant spot that happens to pop up and fit your party. To make it worse, one of my friends didn't even receive his food.  The three of us in the party were done eating our meal while he sat there, sharing our's. He told them to cancel his order and they apologized but it didn't seem too genuine.  I would go back to this spot only for their pork bun (to go!).  I would give them 1 star, but they get an extra star for their fabulous pork bun!
Momofuku Noodle Bar was solid, but definitely overhyped and not worth the wait. I got the momofuku ramen, and tried the pork buns and sausage bun. I also had their signature grape slushie. The momfuku ramen is fine, nothing special. The portion is size is large and the ramen is tasty but nothing to rave about. My friend got their cold spicy noodles and it was barely edible because of the spice. The pork buns are very good, but smaller than the ones I got at Booker and Dax. The sausage bun wasn't very good. It was topped with lettuce and grainy mustard which wasn't the best. The grape slushie tasted artificial. They need a better signature drink. Otherwise, they have a pretty good selection of beer. I did appreciate that the food here is not at all overpriced even though it's famous.They seem to have a rotating appetizer and buns menu. They also feature dessert selections from the Milk Bar. I'm sure that there's better ramen in the city though! Checked noodle bar off the list, but I probably won't be back.
I love all things momofuku. Bo ssam, the cocktails at Booker & Dax, crack pie & compost cookies, shaved foie gras sundae - both cookbooks...and while noodle bar was great in a lot of ways, it missed the mark in others. I dig the open kitchen and communal seating. I love how we put our names in and they texted us when our turn was up. It's the little things, and the stellar cuisine, that makes the momofuku group what it is. The pork buns were terrific - fatty, flavorful with soft, pillowy steamed buns and a heaping spoonful of asian slaw and hoisin sauce. Perfection. We followed up with a chilled pea salad brimming with tofu, pickled carrots, and some kind of orange gel. Pretty tasty but nothing too crazy. My order, which sounded flawless, fell a bit short, hence the average rating. A gorgeous bowl of chilled ramen noodles with cucumber, seaweed, cabbage and pickled shiitake mushrooms (best part) with a ginger scallion sauce. Unfortunately, the entire dish was so salty that it was nearly inedible - especially towards the bottom. I salvaged about half of it before giving up. My boyfriend's ramen was pretty incredible with its pork belly, shoulder and poached egg. A 2.5-3 for now. Service was great and I dug the ambiance. I'll just have to trade in my ramen for a dozen steamed pork buns next time.
Talk about a popular place! The restaurant was stuffed to the gills on a Friday night. There was no room to move let alone sit! I was surprised they didn't make us all eat standing up. Our waitress was helpful and friendly. And on another note she had some GREAT, toned arms, and I mean that in a total non-stalker way. Anyway we didn't order much -- the pork with bun appetizer, one bowl of ramen, and one kimchi stew & rice. The pork with bun was as good as everyone said it was. I will definitely be attempting to make these at home! But the ramen and the kimchi stew left something to be desired...namely water. The broth for the ramen was super salty, the shredded pork was super salty, and the noodles were if anything mediocre. Put it all together and you have a very, very salty dish. The kimchi, though already originally salty, seemed like they added a ton more salt! Thank goodness we had some rice otherwise I think we would've passed out from dehydration or whatever it is that salt does to the body. If you want to come just to get some appetizers, then go for it! But if you're here to eat dinner you might do better elsewhere. P.S. I don't think it helped that we were seated next to a group of friends comprising of one very annoying, ego-centric investment banker. Get a life or get a new job freak.
Awesome. Overpriced. But food is awesome. The buns were soft and the innards delicious. All of them. Brisket. Pork. And Shiitake. SO GOOD. The noodles were also pretty good. I don't know if it's the best I've ever had, but still awesome. Staff is very welcoming and attentive. Not a very large venue, so it can get packed. Main reason it's not 5-stars is because of the price. $10 for 2 buns. $16 for bowl of noodles.
Pork bun was fantastic, juicy with right amount of salty and sweet to balance it. Momofuku Raman was good, slight on the salty side as other reviewer said. Spicy miso Raman was also decent, though not very spicy and the smoke chicken was ok. Raman overall is not soft cooked, more al dente ish, not too much broth/soup unlike other Raman place I guess it's because most people don't drink it? Anyways, great place if you catch a slow day without heavy wait, not a place for date or romantic date, not much privacy, you wait, you eat, you pay, and you go!
As I'm typing this review, I'm noticing that someone else referred to Momofoku Noodle Bar as a place for a "cheap, easy meal".  Easy, I'll take, but cheap?  I must be in the wrong tax bracket or something, because when I think cheap, I think Halal Truck Chicken and Rice.   Anyway, I had the Momofoku Ramen and I appreciate it for what it is, a clean tasting Ramen.  By that I mean, all the delicious and more traditional ramens I've had from NYC to Tokyo have always left a residual taste of pork fat (mmm...pork fat)  in my mouth and Momofoku's ramen lacked that. Therefore, I was rather disappointed.  However, I did like the fact that the egg was poached.   I'd go again and try something else, but I'm seriously not compelled to do that anytime soon.  The whole ramen experience has me believing all the hype about the hype, that is, this place is way overrated.  And why? Because like Psych and English Majors, "Foodies" are now a dime a dozen.
They have the BEST pork bun (2 for $9) and smoked chicken wings that I've ever had. But it stops there. If they called it Momofuku Buns or Momofuku Wings then they would get a 5 star review. But it's Momofuku Noodles and they are not the best noodles. It's  above Top Ramen which I lived on in college and can get 8 for $1 in some grocery stores. But at Momofuku, it's $16. Harsh I know but I had such high expectations.
Came here with a party of 5, but we weren't allowed to be seated until everyone had arrived so that, plus the crowd, ended up being almost an hour wait. 4 of us got the prix fixe dinner menu: octopus salad, chilled nori noodles, pan-seared duck, and choice of soft serve or choc chip cake truffle for dessert. While portions were small, everything was very good. The octopus was not rubbery like I'm used to, and the flavor was honestly steak-like. The noodles were my favorite of the four; the shrimp cubes in the dish were nothing spectacular, but the noodles themselves, and the lightly spicy sauce they were in, left me wanting just a big bowl of that to finish the night. I'm not a huge fan of duck, but it was nicely cooked to a medium/medium-rare, with a hint of pink in the middle. With the thai eggplant, pearl onions, and beet spread, each bite was a burst of flavor. I'd been wanting to check out the milk bar too, so being able to taste the soft serve and the truffles was like killing 2 birds with 1 stone - and actually saved me a trip because neither were that impressive. The soft serve flavors were sweet pea and strawberry, so we got both, and the two went surprisingly well together. Friends said that it tasted almost like red bean. The truffles were my least favorite, and tasted just like a big ball of frozen cookie dough. I took one bite and gave the rest to the bf. One in our party got the momofuku ramen, and said it was too salty (like another reviewer below); everyone agreed Ippudo was much, much better. All in all, great flavors though a little expensive for the portions. And the wait is crazy!
I'm still thinking of the amazing brisket ramen. amazing. The broth was so delicious and this ramen has the bigger flat noodles. Two pieces of tender and yummy brisket and an egg. I will be in California dreaming of coming back. The pork buns were really great and not what I expected. They use pork belly, two nice pieces in each one. It was decadent. This place was not cheap but I felt the quality of the food was of a level to warrant the prices. Also don't miss the Redrice beer, it was great!
The ramen was salt overload, but I liked the al dente texture of the noodles. For the price though, it just isn't worth it. I ordered a small kimchi jar for myself, but even the beautiful kimchi couldn't do justice for a rather mediocre bowl of ramen.
After all the wait and my true enjoyment at Ko, I was let down by these noodles.  On a Sunday night my friends and I spent an hour waiting for this place (it is nice because they will text you and let you leave until your table is ready) and we got seated at a table by the door where many people were milling around waiting to put their names in. Anywho, we shared the brisket and pork belly buns.  Highly recommend the pork belly. Big portions and amazing taste.  For my dish I got the traditional ramen.  I think this one fell short of many other great ramen places in the city.  The broth was very smoky which I had not tasted before but it lacked depth.   With the wait and the so-so ramen, I'm not comin back.
We just finished eating here. We were afraid the Raman would be subpar because of negative reviews already Yelp, but we were pleasantly surprised. The noodles were properly chewy, and the broth had a nice smoky flavor. Someone else described it as having a Kalua pork flavor and I would say that would be accurate. And it works. The pork is delicious and has a smokey spice flavor. Overall I would give this Ramen a B+ because it tasted good but  was not the most amazing ramen I've ever eaten in my life. If it was truly the best Ramen in America, I wouldn't have taken my leftovers in a to-go bag. I regularly eat ramen at a Japanse spot near my house called Miki and there's never any leftovers ever. So to summarize- the ramen was good not great but definitely had distinct and unique flavor. The pork buns were another story. Having read many reviews of this restaurant I expected the pork buns to be the highlight of the meal, they werent. The pork was dry, had no flavor, and seemed to have been boiled and dabbed with hoisin sauce before arriving on my plate. Extremely subpar bao pork buns. Try eddie Huangs Bao house for truly amazing pork buns. We made the mistake of eating their earlier in the day and were sorely dissapointed when we finally tried David Changs take on the dish. Amateur food critic signing off.
Honestly I came in expecting not to be impressed and to hate on momofuku like i hate on most places that do the fusion thing and get way hyped about. Really when you hear that pork buns are awesome, after a life time of char siu bao's I didn't really expect much. Besides when i got in not a single person there looked like there name could be momofuku to put it one way. 4.5 stars maybe. Well I was wrong. Way wrong and props to momofuku for being legit. Pickle Jar - good twist on a traditional thing, with onions and pears rather than the standard sort of daikon and carrot fare. There was also mushrooms, carrots and green beans. A bit to citrusy and sour but really quite good. Pork Bun - not a char siu bao but instead the sort of dough taco you get with peking duck with a nice fatty piece of pork lodged inside. The sauce is just sriracha but it does add something. Ramen - not the best broth i've had but the cuts of pork ranged from an almost kalua pork shredded type thing to the same fatty pieces from pork bun. Hamachi Kama - this was absolutely fantastic. perhaps one of the best pieces of hamachi kama I've ever had. The skin was perfectly broiled yet the inside was incredibly moist and tender. It tasted super fresh. The hamachi tar tar that came with it was quite excellent as well. It was an unlisted special so they might not have it that often but if they do you really gotta order it. Good deal David Chang
I think David Chang is letting the fame get to his head. If I created my own dictionary, the definition of "momofuku" would be ... OVERPRICED. Momofuku Noodle Bar is a small venue with very limited seating furnished with basic wooden tables and hard blocks of wood as stools/chairs. If you aren't skin and bones, you better start dieting if you want to sit and dine comfortably here. My coworkers and I waited for over an hour on a Tuesday evening because they don't take reservations AND don't seat you until your entire party is present. The place was packed on a TUESDAY! You WILL wait a long time, so you might as well order drinks while you're waiting. They have two different types of alcoholic "slushies": creamsicle & sangria. They were about $5-6 for a tiny cup-sized portion, which is absurd! I tried my friend's creamsicle, and it tasted exactly like its namesake, and the soju was masked very well. We finally got seated and were handed flimsy paper menus. I decided to order the two signature items on the menu to see what all the fuss was about. My coworker and I started with an order of pork buns. Can you say, "YUM"?! A steamed bun filled with two HUGE chunks of pork, hoisin sauce, and pickled cucumbers. The pork did not even fit in the bun, but I gladly tore away at it. Each thick slice of pork had a strip of fat (I think the rest of my table was turned off by it and left it on their plates, but I welcomed it with open arms). The ratio was way off (in favor of the pork), but the pickled cucumbers and hoisin sauce were perfect compliments to the soft bun and the juicy pork. Next up was the Momofuku Ramen with pork belly, pork shoulder, and poached egg. It was topped with scallions and also contained under cooked cabbage and two fish cakes (that I always think belong in cartoons because of its bright pink squiggles). I only saw one piece of the pork and few tiny remnants or shreds of pork at the bottom. The yellow ramen was chewy, and the broth was not particularly exceptional in terms of flavor. I was bored of the taste and only finished it because it was freakin' $16 for a bowl of dissatisfying noodle soup. The saddest part of the meal was when the check came. $10 for TWO pork buns and $16 for the ramen. You must be out of your mind if you think that is reasonable! Just go buy some $0.90 top ramen, boil some water, close your eyes and pretend you're eating Momofuku Ramen. NOT WORTH THE HYPE!
After reading some of the Yelp reviews on this place, I wasn't sure I'd like Momofuku noodle bar.  I just got back from the restaurant and can say it was AMAZING!  My boyfriend and I had pork buns (insanely good!  wish i had ordered more), bok choy, I had Momofuku pork ramen and he had the vegetarian ramen.  We finished it off with cream cheese and sage soft serve.  Everything was delicious and 100% worth it.  You can tell that the broth is made using real pork bones and likely has been cooked for several hours (as it should be).  I don't know why some of the commenters think this place is overhyped.. i suspect they eat most of their meals at McDonalds.   The place is ridiculously crowded.  We got there at 5:30 pm (the restaurant opens for sunday dinner at 530 pm) and there was a line of people waiting to enter.  The restaurant opened and was completely full within 10 minutes.  The waiting area looked like complete chaos.. But im guessing that is because the food is THAT GOOD and reasonably priced.  This is not a place to go if you want a quiet or romantic meal.  You're going for amazing noodle soup at a very reasonable price.
Moderately well priced japanese ramen that obviously had a lot of thought and care put into it. Overall, I appreciated the meal and the pork belly buns were pretty fantastic. The wait can be a bit long, but definitely worth it. The ramen is a considerable meal, and sharing a bunch of items might be a good idea! ...but the pork belly buns...I'm coming back for them, for sure.
went here again for dinner. =) had the momofuku ramen again but the bibim gooksoo was a strong contender. had the shitake buns - SO GOOD. the 7 spice chips reminded me of gwaja i had when i was little but the name fails me. the place overall is still crowded/noisy but if you sit on the far end of the "bar" by the door it's less rowdy. (oh yeah, no ass-crack shows this time around either)
After so much hype, I should have known better that it was pretty much just hype.  Tried the pork buns - really fatty and not a good meat/bun ratio.  (Too much bun, not enough meat)  The ramen tasted like any ramen you can get anywhere except they charged more for it.  The corn side dish was salty, too salty.  Would go back again.
Went to New York a few months ago and knew I had to try Momofuku Noodle bar.  The place was simple and clean.  The kitchen is open and we got a seat right in front of the action.  I had the momofuku ramen and was not dissapointed.  One of the better ramens i have had.  I also had a special of the day- Tamales.  The were very good as well and was unique cuz it was wrapped in banana leaves which gave it a more asian twist to a tamale.  Very impressed with the food and want to go back to
If my rating were to be based solely on the quality of the food, I would give it 3.5 to 4 stars.  However, the entire experience was pretty miserable.  Everyone is screaming in the restaurant because the music is on way too loud, the food is over priced for what you are getting, and the place is way too cramped (i was constantly bumped by the staff while I was eating and it was very annoying).  After ordering our food, my buddy and I must have waited an hour for the ramen to come out.  Really? Does it take that long to make ramen?  The waitress was kind enough to being chips and apologized for the long wait time, but still an hour?!  I think I could be overly critical because I really did want to like this place and went in with high expectations.  I was disappointed.
I'm a huge fan of David Chang. Especially after watching Mind of a Chef and when my friend asked if we could go to Momofuku (she was visiting), I jumped at the chance. The noodles were delicious and the broth was so flavorful. I loved the pork shoulder that literally melted in my mouth. Since I do prefer the normal ramen eggs that have been marinated in soy sauce, I wasn't too impressed with the lightly poached egg that I've come to notice as a David Chang thing. But I still enjoyed it. The service was pretty good. I told the staff that i was allergic to peanuts and so they were pretty good about it (I mean I didn't go into anaphylactic shock). The wait time was pretty long though so I only recommend going if you're willing to be patient. My friend and I got there at 6:30 and the wait time was about 50 minutes to the hour, but it was nice because you can put your name on the list and wander around the area (2nd ave is great) and they'll text you when you only have a 10 minute wait time left. Just make sure you text back and check in with the maitre d or else you will lose your place. Overall I enjoyed it, I was full and satisfied and I loved it. I will definitely be going again!
The pork buns where great :O the momofuku ramen was very mediocre for the hefty price :P 16$, at Terakawa i can get much better ramen for 9$ If your looking for a good bowl of ramen dont waste your money or time here
I went here with my big foodie friends and they were SO excited to go here especially since it was near my east village apt.   Our group of 6 got there right before it opened on a Sunday so we immediately got seated.  There's one star!  The server was pretty knowledgeable of the menu and told us about the different items.  However, we kinda knew what we wanted :P  We got a couple orders of the pork buns -- yum!!!  The meat was quite good.  I usually eat these when I'm at home (mom makes em) and so it was nice to try these which so many people talk about.   Then we all got the momofuku ramen.  I was SOOoo excited!  Plus the noodle bar is named after the inventor of packaged ramen (momofuku ando).   But...... I built up my excitement too much :(   I personally thought the soup was SO salty.  Ugh I had a hard time drinking the broth and hey ramen, when it's good broth, you can drink the whole thing and more (like pho!)..you shouldn't but you want to!  I usually like having my big asian spoon, putting some broth in it, some noodles, some meat, some veggies..bam...but no bam just eep too salty :( .  I was so disappointed.  The egg was alrite and the pork belly was tasty.   I know this place is supposed to elevate japanese street food (i.e. ramen) to "haute couture" dining but I'm sorry, I think it's just way too much hype...
Good, but I've had ramen that was much better. My favorite item was the pork buns, but the ramen was just good but not that flavorful.
The wait at ippudo was too long so we came here. The hostess was nice and promptly seated us. We ordered pork buns, sesame ginger noodle bowl, miso ramen, and some sake. The food was just average. The waiter was friendly but kept forgetting our order.
What the momofuku up!!  The place is way overrated.  I went there for lunch with a friend and we split a momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg) $16, oysters buns $10, and a spicy tamale $3.   The spicy tamale was nothing special and wasn't that spicy.  I could do without it.  They served it with a hot spicy sauce in a fancy squeeze bottle which is your basic Sriracha hot chili sauce. The oyster buns were just fried oysters (I think they were Kumamoto oysters) on Chinese steamed white buns with some lettuce and aioli sauce.  It was served almost like Peking duck style. The Momofuku noodle soup based was ultra salty and smoky.  I guess they poured too much salt and liquid smoke into the pot.  Unless that's how they make it since I read some other Yelper's review and suggested the same issue.  The soup bowls are huge but only filled half way.  The noodles are not handmade but your basic noodles you get from a wonton noodle house.  The pork belly and pulled pork was only a couple of pieces and nothing special.  I can't believe I paid $16 for this soup . While eating, we saw 3 people eating the reserved fried chicken dinner.  It looks OK but not for $100 for 2 fried chickens.   I giving this place 2 stars, 1 star for the service which was very attentive and 1 star for DC entrepreneurship for getting people into his noodle restaurant for mediocre food (sarcastic remark) .   I think DC should concentrate more on his restaurants than writing his books . Maybe it's me because I see a lot of Yelpers rating him very high.  I will pass on all the other Momofuku establishments.
Love this place. Been back multiple times for the noodles. Always get the pork belly buns and the momofuku ramen. The ramen is very umami; however, with that comes a flavor that is somewhat bitter and a faint taste of red wine. The pork buns are fantastic and full of flavor.
I dunno. Maybe we went on an off night. We were struggling to remember what we had for dinner the night before, and after actually going back through everything using our fingers to count out the meals we remembered this one. Good food, but we forgot it as soon as we left. Will try again and update in the future.
If you have spent any time in New York City recently and haven't heard of Momofuku, you have probably been spending that time under a rock. The Momofuku empire consists of a a number of popular Asian-Fusion restaurants scattered throughout Manhattan. I went to the Noodle Bar (on 1st Avenue at 10th Street) for lunch one day, and I found it to have a great casual vibe, especially because we sat at the bar, which gave us a great view into the kitchen. We split an order of the pork buns, which are absurdly melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and for my entree I went for the spicy chicken ramen bowl, which was beyond flavorful. In the past, I've also been to the Ssam Bar, which has more of a nighttime lounge-y vibe, and the food was equally great at that location.
Have gone to the Noodle Bar periodically since it opened. It's my favorite of the David Chang empire. I like the food and the casualness of the seating/decor. I also like the democratic nature of the service. Having sat in different locations each time, it seems like there are no "reserved" tables for "special" guests, and everyone stands and waits the requisite 1-1 1/2 hours for a place to sit. Don't want to say "table" because really you are not getting your own table unless you're a big party. The wait staff is equally hurried and impersonally friendly no matter where you sit and anyone can bring you your food and your check. As for the food, I, like most people, love the pork buns, though my husband has gotten partial to the shrimp buns recently. A word of warning: the pork buns can be fatty. In fact, the food in general is fatty. We had our six-year-old with us last night, and he couldn't finish his Momofuku ramen bowl, so it was packed up. After a night in the fridge, a thick layer of fat covered the soup. As I was scraping off the fat this morning I was dismayed to realize the amount of fat I was ingesting at the restaurant. At least for me, when I think of noodles and soup, I think I'm eating something relatively healthy, but in this place, I'm not. The vegetable sides are universally excellent. We had the bok choy last night, which was wonderful -- crispy vegetables with interesting and tasty toppings. The tripe stew was a little less successful. Again, the fatty pork was there. I thought there weren't enough tripe, and what was there wasn't distinct. It was drowned out by the soupy stew. Would have liked less stew/sauce, less fatty pork, more tripe and more tofu. This is not a place to sit and linger. With people jostling us as they stood waiting for tables and the staff pushing through the crowd, you get the overwhelming desire to get the heck out when you're done. In that, the restaurant is not unlike other such casual establishments in Asia where you're expected to leave when you're done. It's just here, in the U.S., when you're paying $100+ for a meal, you want to savor it for a minute or two before heading out into the cold winter night.
I wish I could give it a higher star but the ramen just disappointed me too much, especially given the Momofuku brand. Pork buns were about as boring as the ramen and neither dish was cheap. Pay less and get more delicious food at Ippudo!
After weeks of trying to get the right time slot and to get another couple to commit to a date, I finally got  to try the Fried Chicken Dinner today, and it was everything I've ever dreamed of. Yes, the reservation process is silly and mad strict (times come online at 10:00 AM on the website, you get charged the full $100 if you miss your reservation or arrive 15 minutes past the scheduled time, etc.). And yes, I was skeptical at first too: $100 for pretty much just chicken, with no hearty/carby sides (just some lettuce leaves, moo shu pancakes and 4 dipping sauces). But man, is that chicken delicious. Lucky for me, my wife and my friend's wife are both lightweights, so I ate a ridiculous amount of chicken. The massive platter (yelp.com/biz_photos/momo…) comes with both southern style buttermilk fried chicken, and the korean style fried chicken. There are just a few bigger, white meat pieces of the korean style, with the rest mostly wings, while most of the southern style pieces are huge, insanely juicy white meat pieces. Both kinds of chicken were just amazingly good. The dipping sauces were also excellent, all providing very different and interesting flavors to complement the chicken. By the way, unless you are a group of little Asian girls (which, chances are actually good that you are if you are here), or some skinny hipster dudes (also high chances of that), then there is no way that this could feed 8 people. I actually didn't think this was such a huge amount of food for 4 people like a lot of the other reviewers say. In fact, we went to town and ordered some more food and got a lot of dessert as well. We started with the Ham Buns ($12), which I thought were even better than the famous Pork Buns. We also got the Nugget Potatoes ($10), which were also delicious, and especially good once you broke the delicious egg sitting atop the dish. I was extremely stuffed by the end of the meal since I definitely ate the majority of the chicken, but I couldn't pass up trying the soft serve flavors since they sounded amazing and aren't available at Milk Bar. I made my wife get the Ritz Cracker flavor so I could try it, while I got the Peanut Butter flavor ($5 each), which was as amazing as it sounds. Both flavors shockingly come with a generous dusting of coarse salt on top, which turns out to be an amazing combination and insanely delicious. As if that weren't enough, there is a nice hidden surprise of jelly toward the bottom of the soft serve that adds some extra sweet deliciousness. If you like good food, and especially really really good Fried Chicken, you must make the effort to get online at 10:00 AM to secure a reservation, and get 3 other people to accompany you for one of the most memorable and satisfying dining experiences you could imagine.
I love the pork buns here. They are truly the stuff of legends: moist-flavorful-melt-in-your-mouth-goodness. The place gets a 4 star rating from me just because of the pork buns! I'm also happen to be a fan of the ramen here. It may not be traditional, but it tastes great. How can you argue with that? The ramen here was chosen #1 in NY by iron chef morimoto. So you're def in for a treat. For me, it was not quite the best ramen in NY, but it is pretty excellent. This is a very trendy place to bring visitors or a date. Momofuku is one of the most talked about restaurant franchises in NY. Expect a wait. Expect to pay a premium also. I have yet to try the fried chicken special, and that is on my list of to-do's - so if you happen to snag a reservation, invite me!
We come from Westchester to visit Momouku as it is the best noodle bar we have tried. The perfect mix of "authentic" cuisine and modern comforts and cleanliness. The noodles are delicious and the shrimp buns are second to none! The open kitchen is clean and orderly. We love it!
I only eat 2 things here - the momofuku ramen and the pork buns. Both are fine and both are expensive for what you get but if you are in a bind and jonesing for ramen and pork buns in the lower east side, you can do worse (and also better)
Just writing this review is making me salivate. PORK BUNS PORK BUNS PORK BUNS If you decide to go to this place and you eat meat this is a must have. Believe in the hype of the pork bun. The pork belly literally melts in your mouth with the perfect soft bun and some sort of sauce that compliments the mix. I am not well versed on traditional ramen but I really enjoyed this big bowl of yumminess. The broth was delicious and the all the contents of the soup (pork, egg, pork belly and noodles) was prepared to my liking! Also worth a try is the kimchi which had a great spice. I liked the decor and the seating is a little tight but the service is great and quick with plenty of water refills. I would love a big bowl ramen and a pork bun right about now!
Delicious. It will be a rich (pretty fattening) meal and a (generally) great experience. Go hungry, prepare to wait, and plan on hitting the gym for at least 3 consecutive days in a row afterwards.
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC. There is a reason David Chang is one of today's hottest chefs, and the food here is proof. There are few places that work with so much pork and far fewer that can make it so well. The food is a bit salty, but it's so good, it doesn't matter! The steamed pork buns are a must - they're rich but they have just the right amount of pork belly, cucumber, and hoisin sauce (?) to balance out the flavor. These literally melt in your mouth. I usually don't order chicken at restaurants, but I've always had a soft spot for the smoked chicken wings. The smoked flavor permeates all the way through and has a distinct taste. For the main dish, I highly recommend the momofuku ramen - the combination of pork and poached egg is incredible. For dessert, I've only ever had the apple pie cake truffles. I expected warm gooey pie in the middle, but they're actually more crisp with a great mix of cinnamon and crust. They're lighter that I expected and an excellent way to finish your meal if you're on pork overload.
Crazy busy.  Felt rushed and cramped in there.  The pork was delicious.  Need to get there 15 min before it opens.
Justifiably popular ramen bar. Stick with the pork buns and ramen and you won't be disappointed. Stray, and be prepared for disappointment. The roasted pig tails, was a bad surprise and a case of nose to tail eating at its worst. There is a long line, so you will probably have to wait.  The space is a bit crowded, especially with the crowds waiting for tables, but the clean wooden interiors are otherwise quite peaceful. The ramen is hearty and the roasted pork and shredded pork are very flavorful and tasty. The broth is clean and not overly salty (though still pretty salty), and the egg noodles are spot on. Great for a cold new york day.
This is definitely not your traditional ramen place, but I wasn't disappointed by the creativity! I highly recommend the shrimp buns.
This review is specifically for their large format chicken dinner. First of all, if you haven't already tried to grab reservations for this large format dinner, you should try now. They refresh their reservations at 10AM every Monday, so it's your best shot, but don't expect a reservation for another month. Now, once you get your reservation, find 3-7 friends to join you for this dinner. It's a lot of fun, you receive 2 chickens, one is single southern fried with a touch of old bay, and the other is spicy triple Korean fried. However, we also made sure to start with 4 orders of pork buns (2 come with each order). They serve it with 3 different sauces: hoisin, ginger scallion, jalapeno garlic, and bibim hot sauce. Do yourself a favor, utilize the sauces! They're the best part. They also serve it with pancakes, a bowl of veggies: lettuce, carrots, radishes, basil, and peppers. The baby carrots got a surprisingly good review. I liked making myself chicken wraps with the pancakes, an assortment of sauces (you really can't go wrong), some lettuce and basil. mMmm Both types of chicken were good, but the Korean style was more flavorful. Although, the southern fried chicken was more moist... ah I can't say I have a favorite. I couldn't fit dessert in, but I did have a bite of the peanut butter and Ritz soft serve, and I half wished I saved room. But the overall experience of all 8 of us ripping at the chicken, combining sauces, and enjoying good laughs and conversation, it was worth the month wait.
Pork buns are delicious with the right amount of meat to tender fat to bun ratio. Had the Momofuku Ramen which has pork shoulder, pork bun and slow cooked egg. The best part was mixing the runny yolk with the noodles and the robust (somewhat salty) pork broth. Dessert was Spring Pea ice cream, which embodied the essence of peas (with some dried peas on the bottom), but was a touch too sweet IMHO. If you go right around noon for lunch, it is relatively empty, but will soon fill up by 12:30pm or so.
I don't prefer the ramen here, but it is extremely filling and the broth is rich. The appetizers are a little on the small side, but if I had to recommend a dish here... GET THE PORK BUNS. This place definitely makes the best pork buns as far as i know. They make my mouth water just thinking about it, and the pork literally melts in your mouth when you eat it.
People who gave Momofuku 4 stars and above probably haven't been to other famous ramen places in NYC. It's definitely over rated for the quality of its food. We tried the appetizers and ramen, none of them meet my expectation. I regret waiting for an hour for a table. Ippudo and Toto ramen have waaaaay better ramen than this. Even some tiny ramen places you find around Astor place have better ramen. I was really disappointed about the food.
I REALLY wanted to like this place, because, well mainly, I love noodles.  But.. Momofuku ramen: for the price, portions were tiny. Broth had a smokey flavor, which I'm not a fan of. Noodles did have a nice texture. Chilled spicy noodles: good, but SOO SPICY.  To be fair, the waitress did warn me that it was going to be spicy, but I asked if the kitchen could make it mild, and she straight up said no.   The only real eatable thing was the pork buns.  This was actually delicious.  Just a mouthful of fatty goodness.  But it was WAY overpriced at $10 for 2 buns.   Good to try this place once, but probably won't be back.  Maybe for the fried chicken dinner though that everyone seems to rave about...
After about 3 years of overlooking the rapidly expanding Momofuku wave, I finally made it to the flagship Momofuku Noodle Bar earlier this evening. After tonight's meal, I feel I've been a fool for passing on this superb restaurant for so long. The interior itself is cute - a little bit chic, a little bit homey, it's modern New York Japanese but much less pretentious than I expected based on my skewed knowledge of the cozy eatery. The counter stretches a significant length of the restaurant, with the close end seating patrons on both sides. Sitting down, we spied four churning machines behind the counter containing various soju slushies. I tried the "Yuzu Palmer", which was delicious, though I could have done with a bit more booze. Our server behind the counter was super-friendly and seemed quite knowledgeable of her craft despite her young age. The menu is brief and eclectic, and for a noodle bar there is a rather limited selection of noodles (a scant three). But as the adage goes, quality over quantity. To start we ordered two small items. First came the roast pork buns, which quite literally oozed porky goodness. Sorry, Ippudo, but Momofuku has your buns spanked. The fatty meat was of a melt-in-your-mouth consistency, and a welcome textural component included thin slices of cucumber. Next to be served were roast pig tails. As the server described, they possessed a rib quality, only in smaller bites (riblets?). The meat was crispy on the outside, stringy and tender inside, dripping with flavor. Accompanying the morsels was a pickled Asian pear salad which was just heavenly. As first time pig tail eaters, we were a bit turned off by the tiny vertebrae bones, but for the flavor that's something I am perfectly willing to overlook. Our noodle dishes came next: Chilled Spicy Noodles for me and Momofuku Ramen for my date. We each sampled the others' entree - the ramen was great, packed with a very heady piggy essence and more dissolvingly tender pork belly. My noodles, as the server warned, were searingly spicy, almost beyond my personal ability to tolerate, and let's face it - if you know me at all then you know that is saying something. Overall I feel a bit perplexed by my dish. It felt a bit like a lazy night's dinner at home - "hmm what to eat? How about I throw some of this spicy sauce on those leftover noodles? What else...oooh there's some leftover sausage, and I need something healthy so I'll toss in this bag of baby spinach. Oh and I've been meaning to do something with these candied cashews. What the hell, everyone in the pool!" Make no mistake, I liked it, but it was just a bit scattered. Next time I would probably opt for the ramen, or one of the non-noodle mains, which sounded interesting. They also offer a 4 course prix fixe for $30, which is totally acceptable in my book. I must return here for the fried chicken feast...
Deterred by my fist attempt because of ridiculous overcrowding and no option of a reservation, I made sure to return at a random hour. They close for a few hours between lunch and dinner so a late lunch (2:30/3) is usually a safe bet. The decor is sleek-chic but neither the clientele nor the prices are too chi-chi. The under-dressed hipster wait staff look like they were plucked from the 'Don't Give a Shit' club at the local private middle school. But the cooks (who operate right at the counter) work tirelessly. I must admit I was rather disappointed at the carelessness with which the chef seems to have combined Asian cuisines, a trend I am finding to be quite common in New York. No one expects to find GOOD ramen, pork buns, and kimchi all in the same restaurant. I did like the creative reinterpretation of the pork bun - just a few pieces of fatty pork shoulder wrapped in a doughy roll with fresh scallions. But the noodles were just OK. I would probably never seek out Momofuku again, especially considering the shockingly long lines.   If you want ramen, go to a real Japanese restaurant.
The pork buns deserve five stars. Actually all of their buns are pretty good. I like the brisket buns as well. Ramen looks great, esp on a snowy night. The taste was ok. I am not impressed by their ramen but would love to go back for their buns. Quite a looong wait.....
The chicken buns oh my god.  Delicious.  I stopped eating red meat when I moved to NYC a few months ago.  I hate myself for it since this is the food mecca of the world but I am sticking with it.  So I had to get the chicken ramen even though the other noodles sounded better.  I guess I could get pork but I have lumped that into the red meat category.  I actually enjoyed the hipster vibe of all the workers there.  And they were all really friendly, even though it was packed.  We sat at the kitchen and watching the chefs work was like watching a well-oiled machine.  Most of the chefs were pretty young (probably 26-27) and to see them working at one of the more famous restaurants in NYC was pretty awesome.  It was like when watching them I knew that this was a dream job for them and it was cool to see that they had made it.  Anyway I will definitely be back.  Only gripe is that for being the #2 Cheap Eats in NYC according to NY Mag, it wasn't THAT cheap.  It was about $45 for one appetizer and two noodle dishes.  But it was worth it.
I finally made my pilgrimage to Noodle Bar, and the food gods were shining down on us as we walked right in for lunch and got two seats at the bar with a full view of the kitchen. Food was delicious. We ordered the pork steamed buns and the Momofuku Ramen. Neither disappointed. The ramen was perfect on an absolutely frigid day--great depth of flavor. Service was casual but attentive--perfect for a Sunday afternoon. I always love sitting near the kitchen--you get so much insight into the restaurant just from watching how the kitchen operates. As you would expect, this one was spotlessly clean and incredibly organized. Everyone was calm and seemed to be enjoying themselves. The expediter examined every single plate with extreme care. Honestly, watching them definitely improved my dining experience. Also, if you are a David Chang fan (or even just a food fan), I cannot recommend "The Mind of a Chef" enough. The TV show follows Chang as he travels around the world, experiments with food, chats with other chefs--really, I'm doing it a disservice. It's extremely scientific yet creative. Ran for two seasons (only one with Chang) on PBS. It's a total gem AND is streaming on Netflix.
One of my fave noodle place. Came here during my visit to NYC. Tried the Momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg) and pork/shitake buns with  hoisin, scallion, cucumber. Love both of them :-) Ramen broth is clean but flavorful not too oily or thick. Prefer this type of broth compare to orenchi ramen in Santa Clara. Love both poached egg though. If you are interested to make a perfect poached egg, read the cookbook. Too full to eat the bun, so I had them to go and eat them for afternoon snack. Buns are tender with melt-in-your mouth pork belly with the right amount of hoisin sauce and garnished with scallion and cucumber. There are 2 type seatings: tables and on the counter overlooking the kitchen. Services are friendly and quick. Easy to miss the place from the street.  Look for  the all glass walls and the Momofuku "peach" sign.. Would definitely visit again when in NYC.
The food: Outrageously amazing. The wait time: Outrageously ridiculous. On a Saturday night, for two people, we waited just about 95 minutes. I arrived right about 8:10pm and the hostess told me about 2 hours. I'm glad we came back from the bar a little early, because as we were walking back into the momofuku our name was being called to sit at the bar. We had the shrimp buns, pork buns, heirloom tomatoes and momofuku ramen.  I could have passed on the shrimp buns, but the pork buns lived up to their reputation-- they truly are life changing. The tomatoes were light, refreshing and extremely plump. They aren't a "must" but it was a nice balance to our heavy pork belly + glutenous dinner. The ramen noodles were pretty fantastic- a great texture between chewy and soft with pork belly, egg, and a multitude of other things that made it tasty as ever (and not too salty). Perfecto! The bill came to a total of $54 + tip. However, there wasn't one server, the dishes came from different people as they were prepared, so  tipping was a little confusing.
Delicious!! especially the Pork Buns! However the food is served Boiling hot!! Beware...
Like so many trendy places the attraction is for the novelty and crowd and not for the food.   We heard the hype about the fried chicken and were really psyched but it was second rate at best.  The breading was too thick and overcooked.  The spicy Korean style at Bon Chon's is better. The Old Bay seasoning on the southern style chicken just didn't work well. The Ramen was passible (although a bit on the salty side).  There are far better Ramen places in the city (e.g.:  Toto, etc.).   On a positive note, the Luck Peach dessert was a novel taste treat. If you plan to go here just for the fried chicken don't bother.  In fact, with the long waiting list to get in to this place, don't even bother.   JTC
Momofuku Ko is better but this isn't bad. I am sitting here and finding it hard to write something. The menu was Asian with a few twists, here and there. Its good but I don't know if I'd go back any time soon.  The deconstructed pork buns were good but eh. The fried chicken wings were good but eh. I had the ramen bowl which, again, was good but eh. Honestly, I'd rather go to a great dim sum place and get the same fare for cheaper and more authenticity.  If you're going to go to the Momofuku family, take the time, effort, and energy and get reservations for Momofuku Ko.  That place is worth it.
David Chang is a D$#*K
A group of 6 people had the fried chicken dinner at 10pm.  The fried chicken dinner comes with two different types of fried chicken (Korean spicy - more saucy than the Southern DEEP fried chicken). I say DEEP, because it was so dark brown with the skin super crispy. The chicken's came out in large platter with various sauces including: scallions with ginger, korean spicy paste, plum sauce, and fish sauce. (Scallion sauce is the best) it also came with wraps, boston lettuce cups, carrots, radishes etc to all accompany the chicken to make your own wrap. The general consensus at the table was 1) the chicken tastes better in the wrap with various sauce combinations. 2) if you ate the chicken by itself the korean spicy version tastes better. 3) you need more scallion sauce. 4) korean fried chicken at other places taste better. although the chicken pieces were large. korean fried chicken tastes better in K. Town. Sorry david  chang. BUT.... we did order pork buns and the shitake buns. the shitake buns... not so good. but the pork buns, although non traditionally made, the cucumber added created a nice texture to the bite and it had more pork belly then other places. we also ordered a side of roasted brussel sprouts... no good. it was too salty with the bonito flakes and sauce.
Came in for dinner around 7 on a Sunday night...it was packed. However, we didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes for a seat. Since it was my first visit I went for the momofuku ramen, it was really good. But for $16 I would expect a little more pork but it was still very good. My husband had the ginger scallion noodles, the pickled veggies were my favorite part!
i haven't had an opportunity to try the other david chang places yet, and the last time i went to the noodle bar was at its prior location, but i've always felt a little disappointed in having the ramen here. the pork is good to be sure, but the broth is a little salty and the noodles were not the kind typically associated with ramen. my friends and i agreed after eating there that we felt like we were robbed after paying for the bill.
Loved Loved Loved Momofuku. This is a must-eat-at spot and definitely worth the wait (if there is one). We stopped in with a fairly large group (6 ppl) so it took a bit of time to get a spot to sit. We ordered the pork buns for the table and they were, without a doubt, DELICIOUS. The ramen was hot and extremely filling. My husband and I shared a bowl and couldn't finish it. I would highly recommend this place any time you're in the city. I live in CA and often miss it on cold, wintery nights when all I want is a hot bowl of ramen. Don't miss out on this place!
Came here late last Saturday night without any reservation and found seats at the bar near the kitchen (which is open and right in front of you). It was actually cool to see them prepare your food. Started off with the pork buns which were delicious. I could seriously eat those everyday. I also had the sherbert sake drink that they have constantly swirling in that daiquiri type machine in the front of the restaurant. It tasted really good but I don't think there was much liquor in it. Main course was pretty straight forward. A huge bowl of ramen with pork belly. It's very filling and tasty. Now this place is definitely on the pricier side for Ramen and it gets a little cramped in there as well. Overall I liked my experience and will be returning for those pork buns!
I need to stop my incessant need to go to restaurants just because there's 1000+ reviews. The wait: of course always ridiculous. The food: pork belly buns- literally melt in your mouth good (bc of the thick slabs of fat) momofuku ramen- nothing stood out about it, it's was... Ok. Kim chi stew- For some reason I was expecting noodles (maybe I should read menus more carefully) it was braised Kim chi and beef w rice cakes and a side of ice. It was good not great and a bit oily. Bottom line- average experience not worth the wait. So far, the ramens in NYC have not topped Toki Underground in DC with their kim chi hokata.
The famous Momofku Noodle Bar! My friends and I came in on a Sunday night and though we were told the wait would be about 40 minutes we were seated in maybe 25-30, so really not too bad. Once inside, we squeezed our way to our table. Literally. It was so packed inside the restaurant! We were seated between two other parties, who were quite loud so beware- this isn't a place to have a private or romantic dinner. However, it's a fun place to grab dinner with friends! I got the chilled spicy noodles while my friends shared a bowl of the spicy miso ramen. They enjoyed theirs and I tried a bit...it wasn't mindblowingly awesome so I don't know if it's worth the price to get a bowl of ramen here. I enjoyed the chilled spicy noodles (just a note - they weren't very spicy, but my spice tolerance is quite high). It was delicious, but a little on the oily side. There was a LOT of sausage so if you're into that, definitely order this dish! The pork buns are FANTASTIC though! If you find yourself at this restaurant, do yourself a favor and order them! Service was decent and pretty good considering the number of people in this tiny space. Overall, i'd say come to Momofuku at least once to try it out for yourselves...I'm not sure if I'd come back only because there's probably better ramen out there!
Sitting down in Momafuku after a 20 minute wait, loads of people waiting on this lunchtime, which is fine, and normal, as the whole thing here is no one gets preferential treatment, that is apart from the managers friend who literally just walked in and was given the next available spot.  F*^%d up!
The pork-bun-as-Beijing-duck concept has been brought to America by Momofuku and fusioned; you still have to try it, as it's delicious, and the brown sauce, as good as you get at . I had a beef special ramen with thick noodle and gruyere cheese, a special of the day, and it was delicious hot ramen.   The beer/wine selection is meh, but come here for delicious food!
OMG, 2 words: Pork buns.. Fucking awesome! Having seen David Chang on an Australian cooking show, I was dying to eat at one of his restaurants/food bars. His food concept is inventive, innovative, fresh and suprisingly simple - given the food taste explosions that happen when you taste his dishes. We were pretty hungry when we ordered the pork buns and 2 types of noodles dishes; one momofuku ramen and one spicy szechuan sausage with cold noodles, honey cashew nuts and spinach. Wow wow, they were both fab! we gobbled them down! the cold noodles were amazing - the sausage was hot so it wasn't actually a cold dish overall but the different textures and flavours worked so well together - I am still dreaming about it! can't believe it's so far from home! The ramen was just perfect. the pictures say it all - if you are not convinced, then you just need to try for yourself. Those pork buns man, the pork was sooo tender! I even ate the fat which I don't often do. They were amazing! You can purchase his cookbook, which I did - I'm hoping to try & recreate that Asian classic of pork buns at home - seeing as I can't get to his noodle bar that easily! I defo recommend this place;  it's affordable, lives up to the hype & is just overall fucking awesome!!
This place gets packed really quickly! Definitely hard to get seated in big groups and equally hard for groups of 4 even! Our party of 4 decided to get a meal here for dinner since we've heard many things about this place. It was a very cold evening so I ordered the momofuku ramen and the much raved about pork steamed buns. The buns were not the typical Asian steam buns that I have been accustomed to. Instead of the white doughy bun or sweet glazed brown dough with the BBQ pork goodness inside, Momofuku's BBQ pork buns had BBQ pork with plum sauce enveloped in the same white bun used for Peking duck. Yea, "wtf" was my first reaction. My friend ordered the shrimp buns and instead of regular shrimp, the buns actually came with shrimp paste. Both were pretty good, though I would pick the pork buns over the shrimp ones. The ramen was more normal. It came in a decent sized bowl with a lot of MSG, pork belly, pork shoulder, and egg. The ramen was good, but for the $19 sticker price, it came nowhere near the amazingness of Daikokuya's $7.50 bowl of ramen. Sorry, Momofuku, I guess living near J-town in Los Angeles has given me the luxury of consuming fantastic ramen anytime I want. Three stars. While I feel Momofuku Noodle Bar didn't live up to this name (c'mon now, I can't give it a break because their name itself implies they specialize in noodles), it did give a hot meal of noodles. Perhaps the milk bar may be more up my alley than the noodle bar.
Dissapointed, but they made some effort. Conclusion:  Overrated, but the pork buns were solid.  I won't be rushing back, nor could I strongly recommend this place to friends. I'm a bit of a foodie and after reading through David Chang's book, seeing the Michelin awarded the restaurant a Bib Gourmand, and personally loving ramen, I thought this was going to be a winner. There was a fairly long line outside on Friday night, and we put our names in and told it would be around 30-min.  20-min in, we were told we were the next to be seated by the brunette host.  More people were coming in from outside, and more people were being seated.  I walked in and was told the host had called our name (which was a blatant lie) and we didn't answer.  We finally sat... and sat... and sat.  Another ten minutes later (I was close to leaving), we heard a short haired blond whisper to another guy behind the counter (they don't even have WATER yet?!?).   Service was good from here on out.  The waitress was very friendly once we were noticed.   Items ordered:  Pork Belly $10.00 (for 2); ramen noodle and miso noodle. Pork Belly: 9/10 - yummy.  Wish more hoisen sauce, but excellent pork. Ramen Soup: 6.5/10.  Good - the best part was the pork belly.  Note there is a noticably "smokey" flavor to the soup.  The broth is very "porky" and does NOT have a typical ramen flavor.  Not bad, but it wasn't what I was expecting.  For $16.00.... I wouldn't rush back.  Living in Chicago, chinatown has a guy that makes homemade ramen in the front window, and for $7.00, it's a steal. Miso Soup:  $14.00  2/10 - WAY OVER SALTED. This was so salty, I told the waitress it was inedible.  The manager came over and apologized, told me he spoke to the chef and he aknowledged it was way over seasoned.  They took this off the check.  This is appropriate.  What I question, is I've seen this issue in other reviews on the soup.  While it's one thing to have this problem here and there, it seems a bit strange to see a re-occuring issue.   This is not fair to judge as it killed my pallete due to the salt, but I give it 2 stars for good noodels.
Ugh..what a waste of a precious meal in NYC!  I was here for two days, so I planned each meal carefully.  I had the momofuku ramen...the broth was salty and had no depth of flavor.  It treated like it had come out of an instant pack.  The noodles were slightly overcooked...definitely not forgivable for a noodle house.  Perhaps the noodles were overcooked by the time I received them because my order sat there for more than a few minutes before it was served to me.  Someone who sat next to me got served before I did, even though he ordered a good 10-15 minutes after I did.  The only redeeming things about this place: (1) my water got refilled promptly whenever my glass was empty, and (2) the egg in the ramen was soft-boiled in a way I had never seen it before...even the whites were still soft, yet the egg kept it's form.  Skip it!
I really liked the ambiance of this particular ramen bar. It's modern and everyone seemed to be having a good time. However, service is a little slow. We had to wait around for a server to come over to take our order and even longer to get our check when we were done. I loved the appetizer selection here. GET THE PORK BUNS! They are delicious and the bun is super fluffy. The brussels sprouts were tasty as well and prepared in a unique way. The ramen, on the other hand, was just average. The signature momofoku ramen's noodles were nice and springy, but the broth was nothing special. The spicy noodles were spicy like my server said, but I got bored with the dish pretty quickly since it just had spinach and nuts to complement the noodles/pork. Next time I'm in NYC, I'd rather go to other places for my ramen cravings.
This place is way overhyped and undeservedly pretentious.  Don't go here if you want authentic ramen.  I have tried it on three separate occasions and have been disappointed each time.  I prefer the thick, rich tonkatsu broth at Totto ramen or even Ippudo.  You can get better pork buns at a variety of places in Chinatown.  If you do go be prepared to wait on line for a long time. You cannot make a reservation and there's always a line out the door. It makes absolutely no sense as the food is really not worth the wait.  I have a gluten allergy and even though the noodles are cooked separately and added to the Ramen as they go to the table they would not, on principle, serve a bowl of ramen without noodles. This seems pompous and downright stingy and mean-spirited to me. I will never go here again.
Midnight Birthday Fried Chicken! My husband's birthday was coming up Saturday at the stroke of midnight, so our friends all decided to make an 11:45pm Friday night reservation for the fried chicken dinner at Noodle Bar. I had a big pizza-filled lunch and took a disco nap, so by midnight I was ready to roll. We ordered some sake, Asahi beer, and wine, and of course the pork buns to start. The pork buns were very good, but honestly I preferred Ippudo's. Still, there was a nice fluffy bao bun, smear of Hoisin sauce, two thin slivers of cucumber, and juicy tender bricks of pork. Finally the beautiful plate of chickens came out. The accompaniments were little Asian tortillas, iceberg lettuce, Thai basil, cilantro, and 4 types of sauces. A true carb-lover, I made a tortilla with iceberg lettuce, the Hoisin sauce, Southern style chicken, and just a tiny line of Sriracha to give it a little heat. This was my American wrap, and I loved it. The Southern style chicken was juicy and had an incredibly satisfying crunchy crust. Next I tried some of the Korean glazed chicken, which was all wings. This was delicious too, and didn't need any sauces. They let us pack up the leftovers, as we had about 2 more servings in there (which we ate cold for lunch today!). They say you can feed 4-8 people, but really you can feed 6 large appetites or 8 normal appetites. The Chang reservation system is annoying, and eating at midnight is not something everyone might want to do (hi mom), but in my opinion it's a really special meal, and it's worth every second.
Buns were good, ramen was ok. Did not live up to the hype in my mind, expected something more based on the notoriety and the long wait. Worth trying once, but not going to return.
Not too bad of a wait, but a party of 3 is surely the suckiest number. I watched with jealousy and growing irritation as group of two after group of two were seated before we were, by dint of their two-ness alone. The food is awesome. I haven't had buns quite like these before but they were ALL amazing - yeah that's right, we tried the chicken, shiitake, AND the pork. The chicken was the surprising dark horse winner for us - give it a try and tell me the crispy skin isn't something you dream about the rest of the night. I even snuck a bite of the pork bun. Holy fatness. The other items on the seasonal menu did not disappoint. The rice cakes are incredible, and not at all what I expected - think sticky rice, a little like bibingka for the Filipino folks. The tea-smoked chicken wings are also little fatty bites of goodness. The ramen was supa-tasty too - I'm not sure if this is common knowledge, but it's possible to get chicken instead of pork. Totally solid joint. I'd love to go back next time I'm in town.
Seriously? Ramen's either too salty, oily or bland. Did not care for it at all. The pork buns were swimming in oil and had more fat than meat. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because the staff were pleasant to talk to and the ambience was quite nice-looking. Definitely not returning even for a free dinner.
Love this place! The waiting sucks but it's worth it! I still think the pork buns are better at Ippudo's.  A friend and I split the chilled spicy noodles and the momofuku ramen.  I personally liked the spicy noodles better but both were really good.  The noodles are thicker than those from Totto and Ippudo. The pork belly in the ramen is also bigger.  The spicy noodles were actually very spicy. It comes with sausages and roasted cashews and spinach leaves.  Mix it all together with the chili sauce at the bottom of the bowl and it's delicious! The portions were big enough to get you pretty full. Overall the meal was good but kind of pricey. We split the bill and each paid about $25.
Given all of the hype about David Chang, I went in expecting orgasmically good ramen...I really liked the Momofuku ramen, but it wasn't moan inducing or really all that different from what I've had at other less famous places. The shrimp buns were delicious, though, and my husband loved the oxtail stew special (btw, anyone know if there is a published recipe for this?). The atmosphere is really chill and unpretentious, but be aware that this place draws a young crowd (the night we were there, I don't think anyone in the whole place was over 40). If you're new to the NYC dining scene, this is a good place to wet your feet.
The original that brought Ramen to popularity in New York.  Still quite good and late night makes it a go getter.
Don't leave without trying the pork buns. So so good. The Momofuku Ramen was so flavorful. I've never enjoyed a bowl of noodles this much. The pork was very tender and the pork was not too fatty like pork belly can be sometimes. You get a big bowl of noodles could definitely share with one other person. We went during lunch on a Monday and had no problems waiting.
The best part of the ramen was the Egg.  I know David Chang has done alot of research on how to make the best poached egg, and it shows.  I only wish I could just order the poached Egg by itself.  The cold egg yolk was the perfect runnyness and did not change sitting in the hot broth. I am not sure if this was by design, but it is the perfect runnyness. The ramen soup was so heavy in bonito taste, I thought I was drinking bonito soup. The presentation of the noodle bowl was nicely done.  We also ordered the 7 spice chips, which I could not even taste one spice.  The coconut foamed thai basil garlic peanut brussel sprouts looked more tasty than it was.... the flavors were just not there for so many flavorful ingredients mixed together.  The pork bun was nicely done. I was very underwhelmed overall, with all of the hype the food network TV has put on David Chang and Momofuku.
The ramen was okay but I actually felt disappointed by this restaurant. I think it was too hyped up for me. The pork buns were delicious but I didn't wait outside for 30 minutes to eat pork buns. For the cost of a ramen bowl, I have definitely had better. The soup was not that memorable and the seasoning was either off or bland. It wasn't as rich or filling as I expect my Japanese ramen to be. Overall, the ramen was average. Better than okay but not by much.
pork buns momofuku ramen kimchee jjigae did you know there are items not on the menu? kimchee jjigae with a twist. extra bowl of rice to finish it. you're welcome.
I vaguely remember the last time I was at the Momofuku Noodle Bar several years ago.  Maybe because I was just as disappointed then and probably vowed never to return.  Oh well - my husband talked me into it and so we met up with a friend for dinner. We ordered several small plates to share - brussel sprouts, Japanese turnips, chicken wings, pork buns, the fluke with an apple puree, and a bowl of the ramen.  By far the best thing was the fluke.  All the other items were just okay.   Maybe we were hoping for too much, but I'll have to disagree with others who think that Momofuku's ramen is better or equal to Ippudo.  Ippudo's ramen is by far better and so are their pork buns.   Love the creativity of Chef David Chang, but now that I've yelped it, I'm sure I won't go back again.
Absolutely overpriced. Had to come, just to come.  I'm not sorry I did.  But really.. $16?  I had previously thought Shinsengumi Ramen in LA was the most overpriced ramen (for the quality you get) but this takes the cake.   Was it bad?  no.  I appreciated the nicely thick cut and braised pork belly.  The half poached egg was absolute perfection.  It came nicely presented with two pieces of nori.  But really...  even the minimal and clean cedar interior doesnt justify the price. The good thing is that not everything is AS expensive.  And I think they have daily specials like their $20 lunch SET which you get 3 courses would have been worth it.  So I'd like to come back and try OTHER things, but as a first timer I was pretty set on trying the "Momofuku Ramen" but wont ever do again.
After almost 1500 reviews, what can you add? Mmmmmmmm... Pork buns, then Momofuku ramen, followed by shitake buns, capped off with pumpkin ale soft serve. A memorable meal. I just wish I didn't have to wait around in the world's most cramped entryway.
Grudgingly, I give 3 stars.  OK, we all agree the pork buns are better than delicious;  they slide  down with a crispiness and a spicy  bite, that makes me want more, more, MORE!  And who ever would have thought that the sweetbreads would or could be good?  They are the best I ever had.  But the soups have been lackluster and far too SALTY.  Is it a ploy to get us to buy  $10 beers and $3 teeny sodas?  The shrimp and grits also were so SALTY, they were ruined, and the waiter was not interested in this issue.  The Brussel sprouts were  OK, but quite hard  for my palate.   The tongue was better, but a bit odd  and again too salty.  Be prepared to drink 5 to 8 glasses of water.  The ice cream was not so good-- and that is according to the children in the group.  We have been here, as well as to the prior  restaurant  about fifteen times.  The staff  at this new place is uneven.  Some are quite good;  others are likely to stick their fingers right in your food as they serve it-- hopefully not the intended  style  Chef is going for.  THE WIND TUNNEL  is a problem in the new place.  There is a windy draft from both above from the vents and from the front  door  opening and closing so much.  We usually have to eat fully garbed in winter coats and that's year-round.  If you don"t mind being bumped every minute by waiters- because the place is so small, this   will be a great place for you.  GET  THOSE PORK BUNS, some ice water, and if you  trust, try the sweetbreads.
Effingfuku?  Momogoodku?  Dafukubomb.  This place deserves the props. Sometimes it is important to ride out the wave of buzz and let a restaurant settle in and get rooted.  I am a ramen slut, having spent two years in Japan slurping my way into Nirvana.  I have tried repeating this in America, and believe this restaurant is in my Top 5 (also try Urban Belly in Chicago, Fukada and Santouka in Orange County, and Star Noodle in Lahaina, Maui).   The pork broth is deep and intense, the noodles hand-pulled with the right mouthfeel, and the pork belly and egg a nice combo of flavors to riff on.  Perfect for a Winter night.  Other highlights include the steamed pork buns and the warm octopus salad. The pork belly melts in your mouth, not in your hands.
Get the Shrimp Bun. Period!
I'm not a crass yelper, nor a service cynic. But at 5:30, minutes after the restaurant opened for dinner service, we were hastily and rudely tended to. Afterward, we ordered the 'world famous pork bun', and voila, while chewing I discovered a six inch hair in the food that I had to manually pull out of my mouth. Showed it to the host who merely comped the disgusting trifle of a dish and that was that. No follow up kindness, no complimentary drinks. The hype of it being "authentic" and "chill" or whatever is totally transparent. Everyone who works there seemed aloof, over-busy, and robotic. The meal was ruined and the service was a joke. Robbery. Save up and go to Ma Peche where they give a shit.
Ramen, WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS. At $16, there had better be a seafood medley in there. NEVER AGAIN! EVER. Although I heard the buns were good.
Overhyped.  Overpriced.  Too trendy.  Crowded, cramped.  Not comfortable.  Not authentic. Ippudo is much better.  Naruto Ramen in upper east side is also much better and cheaper.
The shiitake buns were so great! I'm gonna dream if these until I get a chance to eat them again. I ordered the Momofuku ramen and it was a delight. The pork broth was perfectly balanced and the meat super tender. The prices were fully reasonably and the service was super and efficient!
My experience at this restaurant is a testament to the power of Yelp. I read all these reviews, psyched myself up, showed up at early-bird special hour so as to avoid the wait, did get the pork buns, did not get the ramen and as a result of all the sound advice to be had on the internetz I had an A-OK time. I'd like to write Momofuku off as not living up to the hype, but....as much as I felt weirded out by the waitstaff...as much as my oysters and beer were mediocre...I wake in the night craving those pork buns. Oh man oh man. I came to look at this at work just so I could remember. Delicious. Magical. The Shittake buns were excellent as well. Wade past the attitude and simply accept that what is being done here is the kind of thing that makes people excited about food. Then go eat a canoli across the street afterwards, because you'll still be hungry.
While I do crave ramen from time to time, I really came here for the pork buns. You see, I had gone to Ssam Bar just a couple of days ago and knew I had to have these lovely things before I went back home. Monday night was busy, but it wasn't difficult to get a table at all. My friend has a simple set of criteria for evaluating ramen: meat, noodles, broth. Here's how it boils down for the Momofuku ramen. The pork belly was well-cooked and tasty. The noodles were also fine. Lastly, the broth had a very smoky taste to it. I liked it. Overall, a solid meal, but nothing mind-blowing.
The fact that people give this place less that 4 or 5 stars - is quite disturbing. Stop talking about NY Noodle House or some other dive in China Town. This place is great. No other way to say it. Ko may be better to see what David Cheng can really do, but this Noodle House is awesome. Try the stuff everyone talks about - it'll probably be great.
Don't believe the HYPE. I went there this weekend with one of my best friends and I was expecting more from Momofuku. The service was OKAY, our waiter wasn't really attentive to us. We ended up paying $60.00 for our meal and within ONE hour I was hungry again. It wasn't worth the money at all. Please do not go there expecting much...
I LOVE PORK!! Pork belly noodle soup, with pork "tamales".....I almost blacked-out from pork overload! The flavors of this place are bold! Nothing is held back, no flavors are underexposed! You will need refills on that water, and might have to take a Lipatore and run a few miles to sweat out the bloat....but who cares! Snuggle up to a stranger and let those ankles swell...Momofuku knows flavor! Respect (fist in the air)!!
I love this place. This is where my boyfriend took me for our first date. I will never forget that day. We had such a good time. The food is very yummi, decor is cool. LOVE MOMOFUKU
Good, but not worth the hype. Went there on a rainy day so the wait was not bad. Good Ramen, but not the best in the city.
They mean business at momofuku...good Food and good service. I really enjoy how the wait staff serves the guests as a team, which results in a great experience. They were very attentive and pleasant...also the expediter was killin!(that means doing a good job) I recommend sitting at the counter, and you can see all the kitchen action. The pork buns and momofuku were both good.
Momofuku is a slightly-hard to find but packed restaurant with an interesting selection of items. The ambience is nice, it's lively inside, and the food is good. The Mayan Prawns are juicy and packed with flavor due to their spicy rub, and the vegetables they are nestled upon are soaked in the sauce of spiced oils and cumin, as well as a variety of other spice blends that go great together - looks good and tastes great. The Momofuku Ramen is a large bowl of noodles in a salty but good broth and both chewy and melt-in-your-mouth pork as well as a poached egg. It's good, but a little too salty for my liking.
The ramen is definitely top-notch. I'm not as big a fan of their buns (specifically their pork bun); I feel like it fell flat. Not enough seasoning or components, however on the flip side, the ramen is beautifully seasoned and always hits the spot.
So all I wanted was a decent oriental noodles. This place is way overrated! What I got: -too spicy, oily noodles with minced sausage. On the menu it said chilled spicy noodles with sausage, spinach and cashews. That is what you get, nothing more nothing less. It may be the minimalist thing but I don't get it. Wagamama in london does the minimalist thing, but you never know what to choose as everything is so yummy. Back to the noodles. The cashews were fried I guess, making them heavy and oily, along with oily noodles and oily sasusage. I ask for juice, no juices. I am at the bar so I can see the containers of spicy sauce. The waiter is topping them off with the bog standard chilly chinese sauce that you buy for $0.99 at the chinese store. The desert are taken out of a tappaware. Nothing fancy about that you get what I am saying? Shame as I would like to have gone back - I would not bother.
I'm a sucker for the Milk Bar, so I was glad to finally get around to checking this place out for some noodlage.  Michelle K and I showed up just before they opened for dinner on Memorial Day, and we were seated immediately at the kitchen bar once they started to let people in. We started with some pork buns, and holy jeebus, other reviewers are not kidding around - these things are magical.  The pork belly was absolutely melt in your mouth tender, and the hoisin was a perfect match for the meaty, fatty pork. The Momofuku Ramen didn't leave me floored, but was still really good.  Fantastic, flavorful broth that was just the right amount of salty, and which I managed to drain almost completely.  The noodles had a great texture - a bit dense and really tasty. We split a chocolate/passion fruit soft serve twist for dessert, which was delicious.  The chocolate was extremely creamy and not too sweet, and though I'm usually not a huge fan of fruit-flavored ice cream, the passion fruit was great and actually mixed really well with the chocolate, to my surprise.  AND there were chocolate crunchies hidden underneath!!  Bonus points for surprise texture. Service was really quick but friendly, and though they were busy I didn't feel rushed.  On the whole, I'd say this was about a 3.75.  Not sure I'd wait an hour or so to come back as a lot of people have had to, but I'd definitely pay a second visit if I could catch them at a good time again.  Also, the chicken looks amazing - definitely want to give that a try at some point.
Ok so I don't understand what else could be better, except that there could be no wait and if it was free and served at a swim up bar? It's pretty tasty. Visiting the city this weekend, my SF foodie friends recommended this place along with another joint that sounds like "shmupudo" however after turning right back around after being told the wait was almost 2 hrs for lunch...pfff Momofuku it is. My hunger grumpy bf saw a line at Momofuku and was totally turned off but the darling hostess had everything totally under control and we were seated within 15min. Maybe the other place should stop the club atmosphere and concentrate on getting people organized. ok.. so the food. Best pork buns ever. Having lived in SF I love good pork buns like the rest but these aren't the average mom n pop shop variety. Very good quality pork, simple and tasty! My veg bf had the shitake and those were delicious as well... but why have mushrooms when u can have pork belly. So I continued on my pork belly journey and had the Momofuku Ramen. Very tasty..the noodles were cooked to perfection. Amazing flavor throughout. Prompt service & tasty food. Next time I'm coming for the fried chicken, that must be ordered ahead of time. My neg...was the wait staff was a bit.. disorientated and I think the pricing was a bit high, but understandable...kinda. Also, don't get the tamales... unless ur not well versed in tamale eating. Bring your skinny jeans, black framed glasses and scruffy bf and you are set for the best ramen lunch.
I went again last night - I might be addicted. I walked from the West side to the East side instead of taking a train that was right outside the bar I was at. Instead of having the Ramen soup, I had Chilled Spicy Noodles with sichuan spiced sausage, spinach, and cashews. The dish didn't have broth, which was fine. The noodles were the same noodles as the soup- I still am not sure how they cook the noodles so perfectly every time . Spice was perfect. Loved the spinach and candied nuts to tone down the spiciness. In addition to the noodles, I had a small SOJU ginger slushee. WOW. I wasn't planning on getting soft serve but when I saw that it was candycane mocha swirl, I had to go for it!
Modern decor, crowded and overpriced food. I ordered the prix fixed menu, which comes w/an appetizer, ramen and dessert. Overall food was ok, not anything amazing, the ramen is good, but after having Ippudo, I probably wont be back here for ramen. The pork buns are good as well, but again Ippudo is hands down better for that too!!
There pork buns here are good but I wish there was more cucumber to cut the fattiness of the pork. The bread is deliciously soft. The noodle soups I've had here to just okay. The broth here is too salty and not that flavorful. The noodles have a good texture but the whole deal isn't worth the wait, the crampness, and the price.
My gf loves the pork bun. Definitely go for pork bun
The rice cake sautéed was really good.  Spicy and different from anything else I've tried. The buns were also good - we had the brisket, shrimp, and wild mushroom. The brisket was flavorful and tender. The sauce was a bit creamy and there was a hint of cucumber. This was my favorite bun. The ramen itself was just ok. The broth was a bit BBQ ish. The ginger ramen was a bit sticky but good as there was no broth. This place doesn't seat you unless your whole party is present. It's also really packed around lunch with communal tables. The service was quick once we were seated.
Nearly five stars, and I almost feel offended that others feel so average-ly toward Momofuku Noodle Bar. Let me preface my review by saying that I think one reason for the underwhelming reviews here is that Noodle Bar may suffer from expectations. If you're coming here expecting to have your perspective of ramen changed, be blown away by innovative or imaginative Asian food, then you are in the wrong restaurant. The aim here is not to reinvent--if that's what you want, go somewhere that serves fusion. The goal here is to elevate with execution and ingredients. That's why I came away so impressed. The Momofuku ramen was everything I love about ramen. It was familiar in a great way. But what made it different were the two kinds of pork: shredded shoulder and belly, both of which were cooked to mouth-melting perfection. The other unique part was the barely-cooked egg. I loved cracking the yolk and mixing it into my ramen to add another layer of richness. Another winner here was dessert--I had the soft serve which I requested in a swirl: peanut butter and ritz cracker. Both flavors were spot on, but when I got near the bottom I found the greatest surprise ever--jelly! The surprise addition was whimsical and perfect in its simplicity. The perfect end to a great dinner.
Momofuku seemed like a good place to visit with my Friends In Pork for a porkstravaganza.  It's hard for me to admit that Momofuku is overpriced, when I would happily spend even more money on those outrageously delicious pork buns.  We almost started crying when we looked at the last morsels in our hands, knowing that soon there would be no more!   the pickled vegetables were also surprisingly delicious  - some things you might expect like cucumbers & kimchee but also fennel, mushrooms & pear.  Really really good. the noodles (I had momofuku ramen) and the smoked chicken wings were good, but on my next trip I will just stuff my face with pork buns. The fatty pork!  the savory sauce!  the pillowy bun!   For dessert:  soft serve cannoli cream & pistachio ice cream.  That's not normal ice cream.  That's special, god-is-smiling-on-you ice cream.
Battle of the ramen rock-stars continues. We continue our search for tasty ramen by sampling the wares of Momofuku noodle bar.  Whole lotta controversy surrounds Momofuku because they straddle the line between traditional and new-wave ramen.    Purists would say that Momofuku is an atrocity because they use "fancified" ingredients like Berkshire pork and offer fusion-style items on their menu.  Others would say, "who they hell cares!  As long as the food's good, I'll keep a comin'!" Me, I'll side with the others and eat whatever's good. Pork is the star of the show at Momofuku.  Big chunks of fatty pork float around in the flavorful broth like islands of pleasure.  A perfectly poached egg lends the right amount of creaminess to the mix.  The noodles are good, but I prefer the ramen from Setagaya down the street. Before they moved to their new location, the space is tiny, but they maximize it by giving almost every seat a great view of the galley kitchen.  I sat so close to the grill station that I could literally see every scar and burn on the cook's arms!  Cool!   The fried sweetbreads are wonderful. All in all, another fine contender for the Ramen of the Universe crown.
a 3.5 star review really.   Hadn't been here in a few years, wanted to go  just to keep my memory fresh.   Good, but not amazing.  I only had the Ramen.  It did have a nice smoky flavor to it, but which good.  Probably not as rich of a pork bone broth as I'd like.  I still prefer Ippudo and other ramen places to this one, especially considering this is the most expensive bowl.  Good service.  Wish they gave you a bit more in the bowl.   If you want the David Chang name, I'd say go to Ko or Ssam bar (pre-order the Bo-ssam which is fantastic to split among a group of friends).  Honestly, I just went here b/c it'd been a while, and I wanted to be able to give friends/visitors a full appraisal when they ask.  Doubt I'll come back for Ramen for a long while though
This is not the ramen I wanted. I was pretty disappointed, I must say. Waited for about 1 hour before seated and waited more to eat. The place was tiny and packed. Couldn't believe why this place was so packed after trying their ramen. The waiter was constantly hitting me when he passed by. If you are coming for japanese ramen, save your money and find some place else. Their pork buns were ok, but not good enough to give 3 stars. Only reason I am giving 2 stars is I had worse ramen than this once before in ny and that really should be the worst of worst.
I had the beef brisket ramen which was $14. It had fresh sliced pears in it.  It was a little different, but I was still hungry. I hate spending more than $10 for a meal and I leave  hungry.
Living in LA, I have been able to try soooo many different ramen places. Personally, I am a huge Daikokuya and shin-sen-gumi fan. When I visited NY for the weekend, I was really craving some ramen. I have heard about momofuku before and really wanted to try their fatty pork buns. For my mom, brother, and I, we ordered 2 bowls of their house noodles and 1 order of the pork buns and 1 large sapporo and 1 glass of sake. The noodles were such a disappointment. The smoky flavor of the noodles masked any other flavors that were present. The noodle quality was not that great and the serving was pretty small considering the price. I must say that momofuku ramen is the priciest and most overrated ramen I have tried so far. Just for the ramen, I would give it 2-3 stars. But what made this place a 4 star was the pork buns. These buns were great! Super super super fatty with a layer of yummy skin and tender meat. So good. The buns totally made up for the ramen. Overall, this meal was alright... one of my least favorites during the trip. But if I ever find myself in east village again, I would go just for the pork buns. :)
Ramen is better than others in the area, but not sure what all the fuss is about.  Kept passing by this place for weeks but could never come at a time without a 45min wait so always passed on it.  Finally made it after-hours, but wasn't too impressed.
Have the shiitake bun, its phenomenal.
I honestly can't stay away from those buns. I've had their pork buns and the shrimp buns. Initially I wanted the pork belly seared a bit more but that's before I took a bite. The shrimp ones were in some patty form, fried with some chipotle mayo. Mmm. As for the momofuku ramen, it was porky and delicious. It's hard to come here and not get it. So I always do.
If I'd known ramen was going to be such a big freaking deal in the states, I would have been less lazy with my Japanese friends in Taiwan and followed them on some of their ramen quests. ....Or, hopped on a plane for the short flight to Japan. Oh, regrets. So I'd love to continue this review by asserting that I am the holder of all ramen expertise, but in truth the only comparison I have is the two ramen houses we went to weekly in Taiwan, one of which my very sweet Japanese friend said was "not good," wrinkling her nose, and "maybe we should go to Makudonarudo." (Yikes) Yup. My ramen virginity in America, and I gave it to you, Momofuku. Did s/he treat me right? Ummmm. My friend and I sauntered in early on a Friday, just before 6pm. Crowded but NO WAIT! (I told him my limit was 30 mins, and after that we were going to go look for pho because seriously, why voluntarily wait on a line for food when hungry; and can you imagine the senselessness of waiting for food while NOT hungry?) We sat at the bar, which is much more fun than sharing a table. For such a hectic, crowded room, the waiter was so, so, so friendly. Food came out very promptly since the dishes are made assembly-line style by a troupe of hipsters. I have to admit that sitting at the bar, watching how they put together the dishes, I was not wowed (awkwardly grilling chikuwa 2 pieces at a time on the flattop! pulling out a string of ramen with your fingers and eating it to test the doneness! ...). We skipped the raved-about pork belly buns for the pigtail appetizer, $14. (Said the waiter: They don't put it on the menu but it always sells out.) They were a bit heavy-handed with the sauce, but it was still delicious. The accompanying pickled Korean pear was interesting. I'm sorry, wee piggies... As for the Momofuku ramen... I liked the flavor of the noodles much more than the broth - something didn't work as amazingly with this broth as the $16 price tag would suggest. And in any world I'd rather have great broth than great noodles. A great broth can stand up to saltiness, but this broth managed to be very rich without having much depth of flavor. Worse, the liquid was just not hot enough (temperature-wise). 3 stars for everything, but +1 for super friendly and attentive waitstaff. Yes, it's worth a star. But I didn't expect to spend $60 for 2 (admittedly large) bowls of ramen plus an app. Momofuku's ramen was worth one try, but probably not another.
Hopefully I'm not fan of over-hyped places any more than the next foodie, but David Chang has just been hyped out the wazoo, man. So of course I had to check out the deal me-self! Glad overall I was not let down - Great atmosphere and good service - no wait around 1pm Friday lunch. had pork buns, momofuku ramen, grilled octopus salad, mayan prawns on white grits. Everything well prepared, ramen broth was a little weak that Friday. Pork bun tasty, but my personal preference has to be authentic $1 Chinatown ones (which i had the following Sunday for comparison). He's doing some very nice food, but the flavors are more new to westerners, as some asian familes have always enjoyed this type of quality food in authentic home-cooking. However, I can't cook myself, so I do appreciate Momofuku and wish someone would open something like this in Denver/Boulder area. Hey, I need to go back & try everything else on the menu (see all bodys' pics on flickr!)...and try to make it to SSAM bar too (working my way up to Ko)
Growing up with noodle and rice, I have always preferred the noodle. I am not sure why but it may have to do with the fact that I LOVE slurpping noodle loudly with no shame. I have had better ramen outside of this place however, I must say that Momofuku has brought up the ramen stand to a hipper, cooler level. The atmosphere is trendy and is always blasting in your beloved garage rock or whatever from time to time. Lunch line was only 15 mins wait time, shorter than I expected!  We ordered the ramen, the brisket & rice and the cold spicy noodle. They are all ok and the brisket rice is the best pick of all. This is not a new thing in Asia but it is definitely new for NYC. I am waiting for the day when this is no longer a hip thing to do and the ramen will be at normal $7 price like other noodle houses.
Sorry guys.. I hate to give middle of the road reviews especially about a place with so much promise. You can tell the ingredients were fresh and high quality. My companions & I just have had much tastier... also they are not very vegetarian friendly which is a bummer..  I've had better vegetarian top ramen (really I'm serious.. not trying to be mean or snarky) than the bland overpriced cup of noodles I got here. BUT I loovvveee the dessert bar, cake balls are bomb so I'm going to go give them a great review right now! :) If the noodle bar had a larger selection of the desserts I would bump it up to 4 stars but they only have a couple at a time and they are slightly more expensive than ordering at the dessert spot.
Just had dinner at this place.  I don't know if I would recommend this place for a regular dinner joint since its a bit pricey unless you're just a big spender.  the food is indeed very good.  I had the famous pork buns and they are phenomenal.  Its got the right amount of saltiness with porky fatty goodness in every bite.  the sauce really cuts through the fat so it doesn't feel greasy at all.   Everything else is just quality food and nothing to write about.
I love this place for what it is -- the buns and noodle dishes have an authentically Asia feel and it's all fresh and good.   If I were you, I would weigh the wait factor--as all popular places can take a little while, with your need to eat immediately.   I would also recommend sitting at the kitchen bar, as you meet really cool people in NYC there (I've sat next to a James Beard Award winner, a PBS kitchen show producer, a food app maker--who is providing me with test versions of the apps). It's a personal favorite, and if you're in the area and want to have an affordable meal with good flavors, I think you'd be missing out if you kept walking.
Ramen review only. See my previous reviews of the fried chicken dinner and the ginger scallion noodles and pork buns (still good). So, I had my nostrils waxed yesterday. As a man, nose hair is something I have to contend with on an ever-increasing basis. Sometimes, they get so long, they creep out of my nostrils and start tickling me. They're annoying and painful to remove through normal means. The solution? Wax. That's right, I went to a spa, and a nice Nepalese lady stuck q-tips of hot wax up nose, let it dry, then ripped them right out. On one side, she didn't let the wax dry enough, so she had to keep sticking it back in and ripping it out a few more times. This was not pleasant... But it was still better than Noodle Bar's ramen. Now, I know I'm tough on David Chang sometimes. But I secretly admire him, too. And how can you not hate on the people you admire sometimes? I've been to Ko twice and would go every week if I could afford it. Ma Peche is also really nice. Noodle Bar, however, has devolved into an overpriced, overhyped shitstorm. We arrived at 5:30 and easily got a table (that's when they open), but there was a line by 5:45. Not Noodle Bar's fault, but it may affect your plans since they don't take reservations. Service was the usual laid-back, casually-dressed way it is in DC restaurants, which makes it hard to distinguish servers from customers, but whatever. Pork buns are wonderful, though expensive (I'm sure pork belly is a superior product and worth paying for). But what I really came for was the ramen. After reading D's new magazine Lucky Peach, I had been binging on the stuff around town. Totto, especially, because it's convenient. But Chang has the recipe for his broth in LP, and I figured I should try it since I'm developing a ramen obsession and never had his. I expected it to be awesome. Actually, it was pretty disappointing. You can make up your own mind, but I found the broth thin and dull. It also tasted/smelled fishy, which isn't always a bad thing, but I don't think there's any fish in it. Maybe dashi? And this time fishy didn't work for me. I had my bowl and then two more were brought out for the ladies sitting next to us (even after I warned them). I almost got sick from the smell. Maybe it's the shiitake powder. The toppings are typical: a piece of nori, sopping wet scallions, another piece of pork belly, fish cake, and an egg. The noodles themselves actually had a nice enough consistency. But the broth was just not on. If this is the new recipe, I say try again. I may come back anyway for the chicken version (off menu), but it's the same broth, and I'm not sure I can handle it again. This small bowl of ramen is $16, too. I think DC gets pissed off when customers complain about the prices, and I can understand that. But see what $15 gets you at Totto and elsewhere. Even nostril waxing is cheaper.
I went there with group of my friends.  There's already waiting list at 7pm.  It wasn't a long wait. We were waiting about 10 mins.  We order pork bun and ramen. They have very good pork bun, but all of us complainted their soup. It tasted nasty and bitter.  The most important of Ramen is the taste of the soup.  It seem like they failed.  We will never come back.  We can eat better ramen else where.
if i can get in i will definitely sit and eat. i don't need to run through the food, but everything we have been served has been excellent. my one real qualm with this place is that consistently the servers tell me that i am ordering too much food, and somehow do it not in a nice way. it confuses me. please let me order and eat what i want and then pay you for it. deal?
Went to Momofuku Noodle Bar one Thursday around 7:30pm and it was jam packed. There was a sea of people in the waiting area and even spilled over into the sidewalk. I was expecting wait times just as bad as Totto or Ippudo. Thinking it was going to be a 1hr+ wait, I was pleasantly suprised to hear from the hostess that it would only be 20 minutes. Score! My guest and I were seated promptly. We knew straight away what we wanted. The bowls! I went right to the bowls section. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen that comes with pork belly, pork shoulder, and a poached egg. This is the signature ramen. If the ramen has the name of the place in it, that's a lot on the line. My guest had the Spicy Ramen. So we waited. When the bowls were brought out, my mouth was watery. I was staring into it and seeing the copious amount of pork in there. I never imagined so much pork in a bowl of ramen. There was the pulled pork shoulder. There was a nice slab of pork belly at least 3 inches long, really fatty but it's not char siu style. Right in the middle of the bowl was the perfectly poached egg. There was some side garnish like napa cabbage that didn't add much in terms of flavor. The finely chopped scallions were good but the broth was so salty that the flavor from the scallion didn't carry much in the larger scheme of things. The noodles were medium firm and perhaps a bit overcooked and not as springy as I'd like it to be. Overall, the broth from this bowl is really porky and salty. It also might be a little too fatty for some, but I didn't mind it so much. I wish they offered the kaedama option. It's worth trying if you're vying to try every ramen joint in NYC.
Walked in during the snowstorm and got a seat immediately, rare occurrence. Had the soy egg appetizer and the chicken ramen. I highly recommend the egg, with it's slightly soft yolk, great with my beer.  The ramen was very good, but not so good that I would wait in line, given the number of ramenyas around.  I did catch a group having the fried chicken and it looked amazing, I'll be stopping in for that!  Desert was the Cap'n Krunch truffles, tasted like stick butter rolled in crushed cereal, eh. Will try the ice cream next time.  Prices are good here, but alas no draft beer.
After reading the profile on David Chang in the New Yorker, I felt obligated to try the Noodle Bar. I've been to Saam and thought that was wonderful. That was an experience in eating. My eyes and palette were introduced to the combination of pork butt and oysters. Divine. I got the Ramen and was not super impressed. It seemed like a decent bowl of Ramen but it wasn't special. My friend seemed to like his steak dish even though it came out lukewarm and not hot. The pork buns were rather good. I don't think I could eat those very often...they were dripping in fat. In fact, what I saw there was exactly what I read about in the New Yorker....sloppy service. In the article, David Chang has a hissy fit about his feeling that his staff is getting complacent. We ate at the bar and I saw a server take a taste of ice cream. I'm not a restauranteur but I know that servers should not be nibbling at all during their shifts. It's a personal thing perhaps. When I worked in a froyo shop (at age 14), we were forbidden to eat in front of customers. Can I ask why there are so many servers running around? Seems chaotic and unfocused. I expected a lot because of all the hype so I guess I expected more than any other restaurant. The pork is down pat in this restaurant. The service...not so good....
Momofuku Noodle Bar -- my kind of comfort food!  If you're lucky enough to get around the lengthy wait times at peak hours, you'll be rewarded with some of the most delicious dishes in the city. The pork buns are, yes, worth the trip alone and entirely worthy of all the hype they garner.  The ramen is filling & wonderful -- I actually prefer the miso ramen to the Momofuku ramen.  The brussels sprouts are amazing!   I can't say much about Dave Chang that hasn't been said before, but whatever your opinion of him, Noodle Bar is absolutely worth a visit.
So awesome.  Last night was my first time at the momofuku noodle bar and it was everything I dreamed it would be and more.  From the amazing pork buns to the ramen, I was engulfed in a warm embrace of quite possibly the best asian food i've ever had.   The jar of kimchee was excellent, just the right level of heat.  The three tamales we sampled were out of this world, although if you forced me to choose one, the beef one was definitely my favorite.   The noodles were sooo good.  So comforting.  I don't care if it's 100 degrees and super muggy out or if it's 20 degrees with an Arctic chill, I will eat these noodles any time.  We split the brisket noodles and the momofuku noodles.  Yup, I just started to drool... Again. Everything is reasonably priced and despite the crowded nature, the turnover here is pretty quit, so exercise a little patience and you will be rewarded. Can't wait to come back!
Momofuku was fine... nothing spectacular and nothing terrible.  I did however leave feeling slightly empty.  Not by the lack of food, but by the expectations I had put upon this place.   I strolled in on a Friday night with a friend expecting some sort of wait.  Walking through the door, wading through the scores of people anxiously waiting in the entranceway, we found what we assumed to be the hostess.  Armed with an ipad to help maintain order in what I'm sure can become a very chaotic scene, she somehow scored us seats instantly.  It made for a few glares from other guests, but I was more than happy to forgo to the 45 minute queue. The service was shoddy and left me more than annoyed.  The place was busy, but not so busy the three servers running the floor couldn't have been on top of things.  We waited maybe 10 minutes before being greeted by anyone.  We were seated at the bar area, right next to the POS system, so I just decided to be "that guy" and flag down a server.  I'm in the service industry myself, so I can let it slip by... I'm sure it was an oversight.  FINALLY we can move on to food. I had a beet salad and a bowl of Miso Ramen.  It was good, but like I said before, nothing incredible.  The salad was perfect, the beets tender, the hazlenuts adding a nice sweetness and crunch.  I approve.  The ramen was fine... nothing I would write home about.  It had a smokey characteristic to it which I assume came from the chicken.  I was satisfied, but if I want Miso Ramen I'm catching the train up to Totto Ramen.   Overall, it was A-OK!  The atmosphere turned me off... the place was a little too chic for me.  The place was teeming with a lot of young, uninteresting people.  My friend said it best, "this is a place I would take my parents if they ever come to town."  It's definitely a nice, approachable spot, but it left me wanting SO MUCH MORE.  After everything I've heard about chef David Chang and the buzz surrounding the Momofuku name, it was really a blah experience.
Hostess was terrible. Had us wait 1 1/2 hr for a table, texted us out table was ready. We arrived 13 minutes later, hostess claimed that they gave our table away since we didn't get there within 10 minutes... They said we would have to wait an addition 35 mins.. About two minutes later they seated another party of five... Disappointed.
I have to say, out of all the modern pork buns I've tried in this city, Momofuku's are my favorite. The hoisin sauce and scallions really make them more like Peking duck and that is my preference for a pork bun (as opposed to Ippudo's where they put mayonnaise in theirs--yuck.) I also really love the roasted rice cakes here. They're really a Korean dish, and since I'm part Korean, I'm partial to them. What makes Momofuku's so good are the fact that they make the outside of the rice cakes nice and crispy. YUM! The reason Momofuku is only 4 stars instead of 5 is because their Momofuku ramen tends to give me heartburn. Their broth is too oily or something and isn't as good as Ippudo's. I would definitely go here and get the rice cakes and pork buns again though.
Pork buns were pretty good, if a little overpriced. Ramen was just overpriced. Isn't this supposed to be a noodle bar?
If I could give Momofuko a 10, I definitely would! We make a trip to the noddle bar everytime we visit the city, no exceptions. This trip we did the fried chicken dinner (or lunch) that is offered by reservation only, a limited number of times per day. Our group of 8 consisted of old and new friends from all around the globe (one friend was in town from Japan!). We were seated quickly and immediately ordered the pork belly buns, my personal favorite. The pork literally melts in your mouth! I'm salvating now just reminiscing about them. Next up was the fried chicken dinner. The chicken comes in 2 varieties, buttermilk and korean style, and is served with fresh veggies and herbs, 4 sauces, and shu pancakes. Everything was delicious and really paired perfectly together. We finished the meal off with homemade icecream and cake truffles from the milk bar. This trip to the noddle bar, like all our others, was great! I can't wait to go back. Till next time.
*slurp slurp The BF and I were visiting NY for a couple days from Seattle for my bday weekend. When asking for food recommendations from friends, almost everyone mentioned Momofuku. We rode the subway here on a Saturday night and had to wait for about 30 mins-- not bad. The place is crowded/small and you will be elbow to elbow w your neighbors since their tables are long, family-style like. We ordered the pork & shiitake bums. I had the Momofuku ramen and the bf had the spicy miso ramen. I am not a big fan of ramen because I feel like it all tastes the same-- but I was in love with the broth and devoured the buns!
Finally got to try one of David Changs resturant, Small on the outside but seats a good amount inside. With any NYC resturant you should take a little advice and come before they open. Due to limited seating seats will fill up fast! The ramen was pretty decent I think if i had to compare to Ippudu I would chose Momofuku. Due to their big portion. The pork belly buns was really good. Will I come back? yes.
It was a dark and drizzly night... My friend decided it was time to check out Momofuku Noodle Bar, and since he drove further than I did to get to the city, he gets to pick. Not knowing who or what Momofuku was, the place was not what I expected.  It was small, busy and crowded. At first I was even afraid to enter the place (to get a number).  I'd rather wait outside in the rain.  When we finally got called (10 minutes later) we were seated towards the back. The waiter was quick and to the point, and within 4.5 minutes we had our orders of pork buns... followed by chicken buns... followed by chicken wings ... followed by the noodles ... followed by pie crust soft serve. I really love how they don't rush you out of your seats, and they give you your space.  Everyone is so attentive and fast paced, yet service was not jeopardized. I would love to go back soon, and hopefully have the same luck with a 10m wait time.  I def won't be coming here with a group.  No one should dare delay a meeting of me and my food!
Wait was a bit crazy but the food was worth it. Pork buns were crazy good. Amazing thick slices of pork. Momofuku Ramen was outstanding with a great smoky dashi. Finished with the Captain Crunch Cake Truffles from Milk Bar and had to roll myself out of there. So good!
I showed up here LOADED after a 11:00pm showing of SLEEP NO MORE (which was I believe almost 2:00am) so I was actually surprised that MOMOFUKU NOODLE BAR was still open.... any way I am a huge fan of ramen but they werent serving any noodles at the time.... but I did want to drink some more so atleast they were still serving some scotch But what else is on the menu?............. PORK BUNS! "OoOoOooooO Pork buns! Pork buns!" "Everybody LOOOVES PORK BUNS!" "You gotta have the Pork Buns!"  So I get the buns with the pork and after my first couple bites, after hearing all the hype, I must say I was disappointed... To me I think pork buns fell under a trend by the NYC hipsters... Why? Because there's nothing to it... Some melty pork, (alright good start) some sweet soy,teriyacki sauce and some pickles, that's it... Oh and some doe used as wrap... But nothing really stood out except the presentation of it.. Even tho I drank a little more than I can handle I still had some doubt in my mind that it shouldn't be this lame... So my inner fatty called and I took 2 more home... And the results were the same the next day.... I am a real foodie... Hopefully I'll try the Ramen next time, but Pork buns? Not my thing
Definitely the best pork buns I've had anywhere. Didn't think Ippudo's were any comparison to this! Had the chili noodles which were really amazing. Very spicy with lamb sausage and roasted sweet cashews and greens. Also had the shrimp noodle special that wasn't that good. Craving those chili noodles and pork buns right now, though. Mmmm.
Momofuku--it sounds like an onomatopoeia for things done wrong to your wallet. A California native, I was in the neighborhood and having been a religious reader of the NYTimes' Dining & Wine section, I had often heard mention of the various Momofuku restaurants and, though reviews had been great to lukewarm, thought they must be worth at least a single try. Things done wrong to your wallet? Not necessarily. It wasn't terrible, but... it wasn't great, either. On the slab for examination: ** Momofuku ramen: Beautiful, tasty, but far from being the best bowl I've had and very, very far from being worth $16. *** Chicken & egg: Momofuku's literal interpretation of oyakodon, it was really tasty, something I would definitely want again. It's a simple mix: lush egg broken over seasoned rice, lightly greasy, dark pieces of chicken to compliment. Also questionable $16 price tag, it's hard to forgive even for NY prices. *** Seven spice potato chips: Yumm, perfect beer accompaniment. This was the only item that I felt was worth it; since our order of the chips was originally forgotten, we got it free of charge--note here, great service. ** Scallop appetizers and single oyster dish: Uhm. One phrase: not worth it. All in all, it was a decent dinner, and not a terrible NY price, but... meh, like the stars say, the bottom line: only A-OK.
One of my favorite spots in NYC. The atmosphere is terrific. Uber casual mnimalist wood benches--family style seating makes it communal and fun.  Nice beer selection and the food-oh the food-the fresh and sweet and savory pork buns will make your eyes roll to the back of your head. Noodles cooked to perfection.  Always crowded, so get there as they open and you can snag a seat at a table or at the bar.
As a frequent visitor to Tokyo this was the best ramen I've ever had outside. The spicy miso was great and I will definitely be back for it. Service was very nice and a good atmosphere. I stopped in for Sunday lunch and it was a great day time atmosphere, it would hard to tell how it would be at night. Very authentic.
The couple of times I've been here were more than a year ago.  I had ramen & the pork buns.  The pork buns are ridiculously & memorably good.  I wasn't crazy about the ramen (Santouka's more my speed) but it wasn't a chore to eat either.  The ramen was unique.  When I think about the food I miss in New York, the pork bun is definitely up there.  The flavors are freaking amazing!  I went when it wasn't so busy.  The service was polite & efficient.
Can you say delish ramen? You must go here if you're gonna go on a ramen run and don't mind communal dining. You may end up at the table where you eat with other parties at a long table. But this is New York City, so if you don't mind being on the subway during the morning commute, you should enjoy the Momofuku Noodle Bar patronage. Don't forget to get the kimchi! Ramen isn't the same without it.
Had to try this place and see what all the fuss was about. Pork belly buns = NOM.  Had more fat than Ippudo's, though.  Take that as you will. Momofuku Ramen = good also, but smaller portions than Ippudo. -1 star for price.....
I did the fried chicken dinner with 6 of my friends. We had a great time. The old bay chicken was my choice over the korean triple fried. The tamales, which are a fairly recent addition to the menu are awesome. The $100 price tag for the dinner is actually pretty reasonable once you break it down. We ate and drank like kings for $40 dollars.
Amazing food BUT the hostesses are always incredibly rude and nasty. They are the absolute worst. If you can stomach their horrible attitudes, you'll enjoy your meal but good luck with that...
I would give this place more stars if it wasn't for 1 thing. My ramen tasted like it was burnt! The broth tasted like it was cooked in a pan that had burnt over. The ramen noodles were cooked to perfection. The texture of it was amazing and it was just the right hardness to softness ratio. The egg that it comes with was poached just the way I like it. Everything in the soup was great but the soup, it just tasted burnt! The pork buns, MYU GOOODNES! Look I can't even type correctly because it's so amazing! Seriously I would probably just order the pork buns and a side of sake. It was really great! The line says it all, we didn't have to wait that long since we got there just as it was about to open, but still we had to wait in a line because people were literally lined up to go in even before it opened. totally worth the trip to this place. The pork buns were really amazing!
I've lived near the east village for years and only recently made it to Momofuku for dinner this past week. The pork buns were out of control and the momofuku ramen is amazing. It has this wonderful smokey taste (when I asked, the waiter told me that the pork belly is wood smoked). Super filling. The only issue I had was the size of the place and the communal seating - but that almost makes it more appealing, somehow. As long as you don't get seated next to obnoxious teenagers (which, of course, isn't the restaurant's fault). All in all, I give it a solid A.
I was attracted to Momofuku through all the hype, and went there for dinner last night.  Do not expect too much from their food.  The pork buns are delicious but nothing too spectacular.  It uses the same sauce as Peking duck so they don't really differ in taste.  As a result, I don't think they were particularly inspiring.   I ordered the Pork Neck Ramen and was really really disappointed.  The noodles are not the usual ramen and is those chinese noodles which I should be told beforehand. The pork neck meat are all shredded and a bit burnt mixed into a weird tasting broth.  The Momofuku Ramen would have been a safer bet. My final thoughts were: weird fusion of Chinese mixed Japanese food created by Koreans.
Short story: OH MY GAAWWWWDDDDDD the PORK BUNS will change your life. Long story: Obviously, with all the hype and love for this place, we expected there to be quite a hustle and bustle of people shuffling to get seated here. Everyone just as eager as the next to treat their taste buds to a little dance in gastronomic heaven. Wish we could have stayed to try more of the menu, but time was of the essence here. We ordered 2 of the famed pork buns to go, (this was our way of killing time out of our 1 hr 15 minute wait at Ippudo) and could not have been more pleased. Each bite contained all the deliciousness you've ever tasted in your life, combined together into one powerful punch. I can think of at least 28 things I hold very dear that I would give up just to eat this again. The flavors and textures melded so well together, and the spicy red sauce was just the tipping point into euphoria. It didn't even matter that it was shining/swimming in the elixir of life (what others may know as grease), it was beautiful. Momofuku's artful hoisin-cucumber combination prevails triumphantly as the victor over Ippudo's overpowering lettuce-spicy mayo combination. The consistency of the bun was also more tasteful at Momofuku's, but both versions were extremely delicious in their own orgasmic way.
The ramen was very tasty we also had the octopus salad which was delicious. But the place was too crowded and too loud. I wouldn't go back.
Visited Momofuku Noodle Bar for lunch after hearing all about it (yes, all the way in California) and very happy we made it one of our musts for this NY trip.  Had duck breast with pickled mustard seed and cinnamon sour cream, which met up perfectly between new and interesting and soundly mouth watering.  My boyfriend and friend wanted to share two of the soups (which I declared to be gross, everyone knows how much slurping is involved in eating ramen), so I got my own cold noodles with spicy sausage and candied cashews.  Was grateful not to have to share this, though I did allow for a sharing bite (I'm not so selfish).  The server warned this would be very spicy and while it had good heat I didn't find it at all uncomfortable to finish.  Only regret is that we won't be able to return for dinner (and pork belly ramen) for some time now.  Maybe next time we'll step it up to visit one of the more formal Momofuku restaurants around the corner.
Momofuku Noodle Bar came highly recommended from from fellow Yelp member Rebecca S. so, of course, the Secret Ramen Society got together to evaluate where they stand. Let's start off with the pork belly served in both the ramen and pork bun dishes. There's no other way to describe them other than top notch. Dare I say even the best in NYC Ramen scene. It's not only flavorful, the portion size is above average, which is always much appreciated. The broth and noodles, however, were not anything special. The steamed buns are great but do tend to be a little on the dense side compared to others I've had. Don't bother with the Shrimp Buns. They sound much better than they actually are. The entire menu was larger than I was expecting so that's a big plus for those who prefer lots of options. With the exception of the pork, I can't really say you get a big bang for your buck here. Everything seems to be a few dollars pricier than comparable places. Like many other popular Japanese ramen spots in NYC, this restaurant does not take reservations, but the wait time I experienced to be seated was much less than their competition. The staff were friendly and fast at getting the orders out. I'm not wild about where Momofuku Noodle Bar is actually located. It's a bit out of the way over on 1st avenue but, the interior of the establishment is clean and spacious. The lighting is not too dim and not too bright. It definitely sets the mood just right. Food: 4/5 Price: 3/5 Service: 4/5 Environment: 3/5 Ippudo is still the gold standard when it comes to Ramen in NYC, but Momofuku definitely gave it a run for it's money.
We had heard loads about this place, and I'll admit - I was afraid that it would be overrated, but we decided to stop by for lunch mid-week. We grabbed a seated at the bar, were greeted immediately, and started off tasting each of the soju slushies (grape and palmer). Grape tasted exactly like grape soda (a little sweet for me), and the palmer was a bit like an iced tea. We decided to start out with the smoked chicken wings with pickled chili garlic and scallions. To die for. I'm literally still thinking about them. The main event was ramen - and I went for the spicy miso ramen with smoked chicken and swiss chard. The broth itself was incredible, and everything in the ramen was cooked perfectly. My husband had the momofuku ramen - which was also fab. Great asian fusion restaurant with fabulous flavors, great service, and fantastic value for money. Looking forward to trying more off of the menu when we're next in New York.
This is a really trendy restaurant, and it is full of douchebags. Even worse than most trendy restaurants, you're going to be sitting at a communal table with a lot of douchebags talking about their stockbroker friend or that really hot secretary they want to bang, and you're not going to be able to block them out because they'll basically be having that conversation in your lap. Douchebags in my trendy restaurant: pretty much the definition of a First World Problem. The food, however, makes up for it. It's more expensive than it feels it should be, but not egregiously so for the quality and care that's gone into creating it. Noodles are such a small part of the menu that it feels like the place has grown out of it's name. The daily three course prix fix for $30 is usually a good bet, especially because it can present you with a course or two that you wouldn't have ordered otherwise that turn out to be awesome. The pork buns are justly famous, and should be a part of any order, prix fix or not. Also, the soju frozen drinks with rotating flavors are great, if you can avoid the inevitable brain freeze. And, if you plan ahead, the $100 fried chicken meal, with two types of fried chicken, split between 4-8 people, is actually great. I wouldn't recommend doing it with just four, but eight people with some interesting sides, and this is a good night out and a great value (unless you want to compare it with, like Popeye's or something like that, but if you're one of those people who compares the cheapest-ass price with a restaurant of real quality, why don't you move back to Peoria and stay the hell out of my city?) for the quality.
I love the New York Times, but I really have to stop taking their recommendations on Asian food. After telling my NY friends for two years that I wanted to try Momofuku, I finally got to go, and found it unimpressive.  The broth was salty and boring.  I was expecting something rich and complex.  Should have stayed in California for that.  The noodles weren't chewy enough for my liking and the meat was tough.  This applies to both the pork neck and the momofuku ramen.  We also ordered the fried pigs tails, which were a special.  They were fried to a texture that was unpleasantly tough, and it was one of the saltiest dishes I've ever tasted at a restaurant.  What a disappointment. What I should have tried was the soft serve ice cream.
Admittedly, not a huge noodle or soup fan, I was introduced to this spot by my (more seemingly adventurous wife). Upon entry, the atmosphere was a bit loud - a combination of the background music and the nearly packed dining room. We were seated on high stool at the long bar, but were able to see that the decor was nice and tastefully designed. From our seats, the immediate straightline view was of the chalkboards depicting the specials and the locally sourced farms. I was more intrigued to give this spot a chance. The ordered items for this lunchtime adventure were: Monofuku ramen Pork bun The ramen was slightly salty, but add a touch of Sriricha & it's the bomb. Who knew ramen would be that good? The bbq pork adds a nice smoky flavor to the noodles. The pork buns are a fat, gooey delicacy that my eyes drooled over before I even had my first bite. The only thing I would request for the pork bun is to have a bit of crunchiness on the pork skin - that would give the additional texture that would send it over the top. One last comment: make sure to keep your eye out - Momofuku does not have a glitzy overhead sign nor a neon entryway. A simple graphic on the glass door is all you have to make sure you don't miss this great spot.
This place is just okay. I've had better noodles and better broth, and I've definitely seen better service. Honestly, I don't know why this place is such a destination spot. We arrived around 7pm, prepared for the wait. The greeter took down our name (Joanne) and told us it would be an hour. Forty minutes later we came back and went in to ask about our status. The greeter was extremely rude, saying she had just told us. It turns out there were two 'Joannes' on the list within two names of each other. We saw the same thing happen with parties under the name 'Alex' - in their situation, the group that arrived second was seated first. Their system clearly needs to be revised. The night we went, we were able to order the famed drumsticks, $8 per drumstick. I'm not upset about that particular price; the money was all going to charity, and we also were able to try something that usually requires a two-week advance order. The drumsticks were pretty good - some members of my party thought they were too salty, but the majority enjoyed the flavorful, juicy meat and crunchy exterior. The pork buns were delicious. The bun part was perfect - chewy, soft, and slightly sweet. The shrimp buns were also good. The ramen was so-so. The noodle texture was good, though clumpy in places where the noodles had stuck together and created masses of dough. The miso ramen had miso flavor, but the broth seemed thin. Other members of my party noted the same thing with the Momofuku ramen. The fried chicken in my miso ramen was great, but it only highlighted even more the disappointing broth. I think that over the years, this place has become somewhat of a tourist trap. It's still a pretty good place, but it doesn't live up to the hype. There's better, more reasonably priced ramen in the city. I've experienced this place twice now and I highly doubt I'll ever return.
Oh Momofuku, I wish you were here in the bay area.  We made reservations for the fried chicken meal for lunch and it was oh so good.  2 styles of fried chicken, korean style and regular style.  Veggie fixings on the side with 4 different dipping sauces.  The 4 of us killed all the korean style fried chicken.  By far the best fried chicken i've ever had.  The regular style was crispy and juicy, but the flavor was nothing special.  We ordered the pork buns as well and it was pretty good. We were staring at a couple sitting at the bar eating their ramen, and they for sure looked like they were enjoying it.  I must come back and try the ramen one day. Oh yea, Mario Batali walked in with a group and sat at the table next too us.  They too ordered the fried chicken meal.  C'mon, if Mario Batali is eating that fried chicken, you know it's good!
Went in for the midnight fried chicken dinner. Its the hype of finally getting a reservation that makes this dinner so special because the chicken is not. The buttermilk chicken is far better than the korean fried chicken. The sauces were simple, nothing spectacular. My stars are for the pork buns and the momofuku sake. Thank goodness they decided to refocus their attention to the buns because for a while they were disappointing. If you need a korean chicken fix and youre willing to travel the distance, go to debasaki in flushing and for a pork bun, walk to ippudo.
Chicken was great. Shrimp bun was delicious!
Ramen for 12 bucks. Over salted. Had to use hot sauce to add flavor. Crowded (trendy). Poor service. I tried ginger noodles, chicken buns, and roasted corn Nothing great about anything.
This is tough, I love what this place stands for (free spirited ramen inspired by tradition), so it is with deep regret that I say I just wasn't that into it - the ramen. To be fair, I don't think I had a good sampling of the Momofuku Ramen. Out of the three that ordered the Momofuku, only one of ours didn't taste as if an entire salt shaker was accidentally knocked into it. There must've been a lapse in quality for one reason or another. Unfortunate indeed. Otherwise, I have a feeling I may have enjoyed the smoked pork broth the ramen here is known for. The pork and brisket buns were amazing, however. I've included pictures to show just how well prepared they were. Taste was even better, btw. Manage your expectations and have an open mind when you come here. If I ever make it back  to NYC, I will give this place another shot.
Doesn't live up to hype. Although that's not even fair at this point since most places don't. The Noodle Bar opens at 5:30 for dinner service. If you're not there at 5:25, you'll most likely be waiting for 30 minutes. No reservations, no way around this -- unless you're doing the large format 4-8 person fried chicken prix fixe menu. We were a group of three on Christmas Eve and were lucky to be seated at 5:37 sans waiting. Was surprised at their extensive beer menu. As much as I love beer and ramen independently, I have yet to enjoy them together. Before I get into the food, I think it's important to note that I purposely avoided this place because of the wait and the hype. After reading more about the chef David Chiang and watching the first few episodes of Mind of a Chef, I felt that it was time to cave in and see what this ramen was all about. Having been on somewhat of a ramen stint. I felt prepped and informed on what qualities I liked and disliked. We started with the pork buns. A little on the pricey side, but what could you expect. When they came joy I was able to understand why they were a bit pricier. Loaded with two thick cut slices of high quality pork to the point where the bun could barely fold over. It was delicious but the pork reminded me more of a Latin style roast pork and the little but of sauce and scallions within the bun were not enough to remind me that I was eating a pork bun. Next up was the main event. The Momofuku ramen bowl. First taste was the broth, very salty. Too salty. Then the pork, delicious. Still reminiscent of a Latin style roast pork versus standard ramen pork, but at second thought it may have been due to the pork quality more so than the preparation style. The noodles were incredible, by far the best part of the soup. They held up to the heat and had an al dente mouth feel even though they were submerged in warm broth. All in all the individual components were all high quality but they clashed when brought together into the bowl. Maybe I'm a traditionalist, but I much prefer a simpler, less exotic bowl of ramen. Ramen is my favorite comfort food, when indulging in a higher end bowl of it I expect the same style but better quality. For the price and the potential wait time, I would recommend skipping Momofuku's ramen and going to Ippudo instead.
It's a toss-up. I would have definitely given this place five stars, but given their poor ramen, it got the boot. Famished, I met with friends here for a late lunch. Luckily, there was no wait, so we were immediately seated. Together, we ordered pork buns, ramen, fingerling potatoes, and a ginger noodle dish that doesn't seem to come into memory... Well, first let me describe heaven.  The pork buns, which came out first as an appetizer, were amazing! The sweet-yet-savory and generous pork slices were placed on a pork bun with pickled cucumber slices. My goodness. Could it get any better? From the first bite, I was wishing there was more! The elements just come together so well. David Chang, well done! If there was a favorite thing I ate while in the big apple, it'd have to be these pork buns! So delicious! As for the rest of the meal, however, it was a letdown. The ramen was mediocre at best. The broth was overly salty and I really couldn't tell what flavor it was supposed to be. The fingerling potatoes were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Literally just potatoes, bacon, scallions, and a poached egg to top it off. Overall, it just was a disappointment. For dessert, my five-some party ordered the pickled cherry and olive oil soft serve. Honestly, I was expecting some culinary greatness. All we ended up with was disappointment at what could have been. It literally just tasted like pickled fruit (and not in a good way). The redeeming element was the pie-crust-like shell at the bottom of the bowl. Great finish. I just wish it had a good start to begin with... Nevertheless, come for the pork buns! Order them by the dozens! Do it now and thank me later!
Julia What the hell happened to this place???  Ask me 3 years ago or when they first opened in the real small tight spot just down the block from where they are now and I might have given it 5 stars....  I use to really crave going to this place. But I think the success somehow commercialized their offerings.  I guess I enjoyed Momo for the simple joy of a bowl of ramen done like I've never seen before.  And yes the pork buns are out of this world and even the mushroom version is delicious.  But the last time I went =, there was less meat in the buns and it didn't have that melt in your mouth feeling.  I've always enjoyed the chicken wings there as well.  I try to eat healthy when I can but i can't resist the wings at Momo.   Roasted rice cakes are excellent too. I use to so enjoy the momofoku ramen even though it was salty but for some reason, the last time I was there, the dish felt cold and overly salty.  Not sure if it's because the chefs are concentrating on the other new things that are now offered at Momo.  What happened to the kimchi soup rice cake dish?  That was a good alternative to the momo noodles when i felt like something spicy.. It's no longer the place that I orig went to and came to love.  I may drop by if the cravings are there but i think I'll just go for the 3 apps that they offer as they are to me the best things on the menu.  The place is costly and i don't ever remember leaving for less than $40 per person.  But it's a shi shi spot and worth at least one try to make your own determination.  For me, I miss the simple menu that they had when they first opened.
You would think I would give high ratings for their ramen, BUTT I totally fell in love with their pork buns! I've had my share of pork buns in a couple of lifetimes including all the Chinese banquets I've been to, and hands down, no doubt, cross my fingers with the Oakland girl scouts honor, this pork in this super soft bun was finger lickin succulent! Next up on my list was actually a drink, the orange creamsicle soju slushie! It was refreshing and tasted just like an orange creamsicle which was a good break from the ok ramen. I didn't really taste the soju which was good for me since I'm a one hit wonder. So if you are looking for something strong, skip the slushies! Yup, you heard me, the ramen was okkk. I mean for the price ($17?!?), it was loaded with MSG and I'm sorry to say momofuku, but I'm just glad I can get better ramen in California. One thing that I really liked about the ramen was the poached egg in the middle of the bowl. The decor was very modern, sleek, with a few handwritten menu items on chalkboards. Beware, it's a tight little restaurant so be prepared for a good squeeze into your seats. I definitely felt I was being sandwiched from all sides that I didn't know was possible. It was good knowing ya momo! Maybe next time!
Never never disappointed when I come here.  The pork buns are some of the best I've had.  They literally melt in your mouth.  If you don't get them you are seriously missing out.  The brisket buns totally give the pork buns a run for their money though.  Fall apart perfection paired with their wonderful picked onions and cucumbers. The Momofuku Ramen I dream about.  Really.  I come and sit at the bar all the time by myself so nobody disturbs my noodle experience.  The broth is so full of flavor and depth and never too salty.  You can really taste the vegetables used, the seaweed, and lovely slight fattiness from the bones used for the stock.  The noodles always have that lovely little bite to them.  The poached egg is spot on every time.  And of course when you put some pork belly on top of anything it goes from awesome to omg-i-would-leave-my-boyfriend-for-david-chang-in-­a-second.  I never want the bowl to end. Updated: It seems that the consistency of this place is faltering.  We had some spicy cold noodles that were the special of the day that promised chinese sausage- but just ended up being crumbled Italian sausage.  The ginger scallion noodles also were extremely oily and no flavor of ginger.
No joke, I can eat their pork buns for every meal for the rest of my life! Each order comes with two and the pork is so tender and flavorful. The saltiness from the pieces of fat is just perfection. Combined with the soft bun, slices of cucumber, scallions and sweet hoisin sauce - they're so damn good. I also like the momofuku ramen, but the pork buns are what I come here for. It's a small restaurant, so expect a long wait unless you come during non-peak hours.
I would love to change my review after experiencing the full menu, but since we got there after 11 PM, all I can review is the late night scene.  Service was great, but most of the food was disappointing.  The pork buns were okay, but nothing special.  The ginger scallion noodles were alright, but I found them quite dry and bland - like maybe they just needed some more sauce?  The ramen had so much smoke flavor that after about half a dozen bites, it felt like you were chewing on wood chips.  The highlight of the evening was the order of chicken wings - yum.  Overall, just not all I had built it up to be - I'll adjust my expectations a bit next time.
The pork buns were good, light and not too starchy. However, the ramen was disappointing - too smoky and lacking savory and sweetness from daikon infused in the broth. Much better ramen can be found in San Francisco Japantown.
good ramen even better buns the ice cream is good too and they have great soft drinks great lil chill out spot on a rainy day
This is definitely not the place to get ramen or the over-hyped pork buns. I would side with some of my other fellow Yelpers and suggest going to either Ippudo or Totto Ramen to satisfy those cravings. First off, the prices are ridiculously high. The prices are so high that you must be a fool to pay $18 for a bowl of ramen noodles, where in other restaurants should cost about 1/3 of that (even in Manhattan). How does it cost $35 per person for a bowl of ramen noodles and a pork bun appetizer? Secondly, the wait time to be seated is almost just as long as Ippudo and Totto Ramen, where the ramen and the pork buns are so much more delicious. Lastly, I didn't think that the broth was very flavorful, and the taste didn't seem authentic. Having said this, I will not be coming here for ramen or pork buns again.
Thank you to the nice Asian American in line for recommending the Pork Buns! If you see this I'd be more than happy to recommend places for you in Seattle :-)! Just as everyone has noted there is an extremely long wait especially on the weekends....ours was 1 1/2 hrs! This actually gave us enough time to run a quick errand and get our cell phones charged. It is probably best to come in get your name on the list and plan for drinks at a nearby lounge. I ordered the Momofuku ramen, side jar of kimchi, pork buns, and creamsicle soju slush. Pork Buns-As a pork belly lover this one shouldn't be passed up. Momofuku ramen-Nice rich broth was good but left me so full and unable to finish my bowl. Again if your a pork belly lover this is the one. Kimchi-Surprisingly tasty and went well with the ramen. It had the traditional taste with a little something extra...not sure what that is though. Soju slush-Refreshing, sweet, and gone in about 3 minutes. I'd come again to try other menu items but will definitely plan around for the wait.
Way overrated & overpriced. We ordered the Pork buns and the Momofuku ramen. - Pork buns: Good, but def not the best. Two bites and you're done- these buns are teeny tiny!! - Momofuku ramen: The broth had a weird smokey flavor that I did not like. The noodles were undercooked and hard. The egg & vegetables in the soup were also undercooked.. it gave me a stomach ache after. Left very disappointed.
I think it was the expectations that killed it.  I have heard from so many people how awesome Momofuku noodle bar is, and so I was thrilled to try it when I visited NYC.  The lines are insane, as every place in NYC on a Friday night, but we got there at 10:30pm so we were able to get seated right away in the bar-ish type seating.   I think this may be partly just the way NYC is, but I felt the service was WAY TOO FAST.  I felt like I was being rushed to serve, eat and get the hell out of there.  The staff was perfectly nice but I did not feel like I was having a relaxed meal.   However, the two star rating is because I got the ramen that night that everyone talks about....and it was SO SALTY I couldn't finish it.  I was SO excited about this place and I LOOOOOVE ramen and I was STARVING since it was 10:30pm and I was eating dinner, and I still couldn't finish it because the broth made me want to chug a gallon of water. Highly disappointed since everyone talked it up so much.  But I still did not expect the ramen to be that salty.  And I love salt. The bowl of salty noodles cost me $16.  Which yes, it's NYC, so I guess that's normal.  But since it didn't taste very good, I thought it was a rip off.
I came here to partake in the Fried Chicken Dinner with some friends and we all had a great time scarfing down the food. I liked both the Southern and Korean style fried chicken. The skin was nice and crispy and the meat was very moist. The garnishes and sauces complemented everything well. I would recommend trying it out if you can get a reservation. There's a lot of food and we managed to finish it off. We also had some brisket buns, shrimp buns, and brussel sprouts and it was all very good as well. I came back a few days later to have ramen with some other friends. I had the Momofuku Ramen and I have to say it was pretty boring. I've had better ones in the city. The broth was lukewarm and the pork was just ok. My friends had the special that day which was the fish ramen and they seemed to enjoy it. I've had better Ramen in the city on on the West coast. The service was good and the hostess was friendly on both occasions.
A bit overpriced. Good food, but not good enough to warrant the price. Not a fan of having to sit next to a bunch of dudebros for dinner. Too close to my personal bubble. Yes, the pork buns were good. But the noodles.. Budget-Minded Alternative: A pack of ramen, and egg, and some pork/chicken cutlets
For what seems like the 9 millionth time, the wait at Ippudo was way over an hour so we took friends to Momofuku instead - I don't think we'll even bother inquiring at Ippudo the next time because every time I eat at Noodle Bar I find myself impressed all over again. The bun of the day on Saturday was pork and egg (a kind of riff on eggs benedict) and it was fantastic, I refused to share it. Also always enjoy whatever beer I order. So thanks, Momofuku, for never telling me with a straight face that the wait is going to be 90 minutes (and this holds true for Saturday lunch and Friday night dinner)!
Pork buns FTW
I understand that New Yorkers hate it when LA folk talk shit about their restaurants, but when it comes to Japanese food, even the beloved Momofuku, there's really no conversation to be had.  The pork buns were indisputably delicious, but there were a few things about the ramen that kinda bugged me.  It was kinda small first of all.  I don't know if I didn't read the menu or what, but I'm not always a fan of egg in my ramen, especially if I'm drinking beer, which I usually do at dinner.  In my opinion there were too many things in the bowl that were getting in the way of the soup, which is really the most important thing about the ramen.  We were at the bar and it wasn't really comfortable.  Nice vibe and everything though.
I am torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars.  Based on what I ordered, I'd give it 3 stars but I acknowledge I ordered the wrong dishes and can see the 4 star potential.  My bf and I ordered the steamed pork bun to share (because everyone highly recommended it) and we each got the momofuku ramen.  My bf, being from Taiwan, quickly recognized the Taiwanese influence on the restaurant and commented how the steamed pork bun in Taiwan is street vendor food that can be bought for less than $1.  Regardless of that, he quite enjoyed the bun and said it is much more delicate than what is sold in Taiwan.  I didn't eat the bun for one reason -- the pork was very fatty.  I admit I am particular when it comes to meat and I don't like fatty meat at all.  Unfortunately, the momofuku ramen also had the fatty pork so i did not eat that part.  However, the rest of the ramen was very good. So overall, I thought my food was OK but that's only because of the fatty pork.  Otherwise, this place is great and I will try the place again.
The ramen here is top 5 in the city no question.  Comparable to Ippudo. I had to have the ginger scallion noodles as app, amazing, though grossly overpriced.  You can get  close to similar quality in china town for a third of price and larger portion. Pork buns, along with other special buns here are also very tasty but 5-6 each may be a bit much for some. I also did the fried chicken dinner special here, comes out fresh, hot, and tasty.  Comes in Korean style and southern fried.  Both are declious.  Doesnt really come with many sides, just some lettuce wrap/ wrap bread and raw vegetables. Be prepared to wait obviously, great ambiance here.  Things here are done right.
Had I not spent a month in Japan and eaten in so many ramen restaurants upon return, I would give Momofuku a higher rating. An order of Ramen and two pork buns shouldn't run $30. The Momofuku Ramen is pretty good. The broth is definitely not as rich as I am accustomed and the shredded/pulled pork shoulder is a nice touch. The pork buns are similar to ones I got in southern Japan but smaller and more expensive. There is no reason they should cost this much.
I think I understand the mixed reviews. The place calls itself a noodle bar, but the noodles are only so-so. I would not call myself a ramen aficionado. I haven't been to Japan, or to any secret insider noodle hot spots. But still, I can tell that there's nothing remarkable about the ramen at momofuku: the noodles themselves are are fine, the pork and chicken are excellent, the broth is prety insipid, and over salted. And the bowls are huge, which in this case is a tragedy, as the noodles fill up space in your belly that would be best served by the small plates. And it's the small plates that you should be eating. I really have just two recommendations: order the pork buns, and order anything that sounds a little scary. You won't regret it. This place singlehandedly turned me into a pork lunatic. I now know where in NYC to special order Berkshire pork, and I've sought out other venues that serve various heritage breeds, falling off the bone, dripping with fat, no frills, no apologies. It all started for me here. The new space makes it easier to breathe, but you'll still have an easier time if you go off peak. Try for an early dinner on a week night if you can. And be warned that this place is really just a gateway drug to Momofuku Saam Bar.
Like this place needs another 5 star review.  But if i want to complete my list of ramen places I'll need to do a "yep, it's really that good" review. Seriously, having grown up in Hawaii i know my ramen.  And in NYC where there's plenty to choose from this is my gold standard.  from the smokiness of the broth, to the chewiness of the noodles, the copious amounts of pork cooked two ways, fish cake and that delicately poached egg. Oh that egg! Other items not to miss: pork buns - that's just a given the octopus salad
The Skinny ---------------- With all of the recent buzz around David Chang's creative recipes, I was excited to try this fellow native Virginian's take on the increasingly popular Japanese noodle soup.  I always appreciate personal flair in every traditional dish, but unfortunately this time, Chang's concoction fell short for me. I don't remember if I stepped into this shop with my expectations set too high but I certainly recall leaving very disappointed (and parched!).  Everything, from the broth to the meat and vegetables, was saturated with sodium.  I did have the pork buns which were delicious.   The Meat ------------- My girlfriend and I arrived ten minutes after they opened (noon) and the place was already flooded by the lunch crowd.  Luckily, we were able to nab the last two seats at the end of the bar.  Service was very quick, as is expected of such a busy establishment.  It was a treat, in itself, to sit at the bar so that we could observe all of the kitchen personnel working in sync to prep the ingredients and usher the steaming bowls of noodle soup to the front like clockwork.  Watching this take place with the added aroma of the taré they use in their broth just further induced our appetites.   Alas, the Pork buns finally arrived. The bun was fluffy and moist and the pork belly cuts were thick and had a balanced portion of meat and fat, making them incredibly juicy without tasting too fatty.  I thought the slight amount of sweet hoisin with scallion and pickled cucumber were a nice complement to the pork.  Many other buns I've had have either contained too much sauce or the meat was a little dry.  Momofuku, you definitely have a contender for one of the best Japanese pork buns I've sunk my teeth into. Feeling like we're off to a good start, I couldn't wait to stick my face into the bowl of steaming hot miso broth and wheat noodles.  I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen per suggestions of a friend.  It came with swiss chard, cabbage, fish cake, scallions, seaweed, a poached egg, and smoked chicken.  It's almost a ritual of mine to take a big whiff and spoon a taste of the broth before anything else when I eat noodle soups.  My initial thought was that it was a tad salty, but I hoped that the noodles and vegetables would help balance the flavors.  Boy, was I wrong.  Each bite was saltier than the last and I ended up eating just the noodles and some of the fixings, leaving the broth alone.  Unfortunately, this is no way to enjoy ramen. I would like to think that this was a fluke experience and give them another try sometime, but I'm not in NYC often enough and there are just too many other ramen options to jump back in this line anytime soon.  If only I could turn back time, I'd have preferred to try the other different types of buns over the ramen.
This place is Zagat 24 Food. I had the Momofuku Ramen ($16) and Pork Buns ($10). The Pork buns were pretty good, but the pork was just a little bit overcooked. It comes with 2 buns, each with 2 slices of ~5in. x 3in. pork belly, hoison sauce, cucumber, and scallions. It's definitely not enough to make anyone full. I wouldn't get it again because if I'm paying $5/bun, I really expect it to be gourmet, and it wasn't, it's just decent... I am very picky about my ramen because I used to eat it all the time when I was in Japan, and have eaten it a lot in the US as well. Unfortunately, the ramen here was a disaster. It comes w/ one slice of pork belly found in the pork buns, some small bok choy, 2 nori pieces, poached egg, 2 naruto, and some small pork shoulder bits. The noodles were noticeably undercooked, and I'm talking before al dente. I can forgive that because maybe they had a new cook or something, but there were other problems I couldn't forgive. The broth is too salty, and doesn't really have any umami flavor. The pork shoulder are really tiny shreds of meat that are not tender, and was just weird to eat overall. The bok choy is also too chewy to be in a bowl of ramen. If you want some texture, go w/ bamboo like normal ramen... On the bright side the poached egg was done well, but that's to be expected when I'm paying $16 for a bowl of ramen. I would not come here again, unless somebody insisted. The only reason for this is because of David Chang's rep and all the hype about this place. There surely must be a reason for it, and I believe I will find it through some other dishes.
one word: pork buns ok that is two words, but they are so delicious! service: meh, we would have ordered two more bottles of sake if they'd just checked back with us ramen: their claim to fame right? not so amazing. but, pork buns: yes i have to say it may be a better lunch spot. and one more thing, the soft serve ice cream: extra delicious
Just order the pork buns, and nobody gets hurt. ;) (BUT REALLY, DO IT. YOU WON'T REGRET IT)
I was seduced by the number of reviews and 3.5 stars and the phone numbers that have a lot of 7s. I was thinking this must be delicious restaurant. When I went in, there were motor gangs and too many non-asians eating here. I was like, this must be no good! and I was right. Personally this ramen is wayyyy TOO AMERICANIZED. I asked for chili sauce and their answer was, "you mean hot sauce"?. The second question was, "can i get togarashi?" and their answers were, "what is that?". I left speechless. I ordered momofuku ramen and grilled corn on the side. Grilled corn: It tastes absolutely like mexican food. It is grilled corn with mayonaise and smell really like chipotle or mexican food I find on the street.For $10 Momofuku ramen: When it came, I wonder why I didn't smell anything. When I tasted the soup, it tasted like water + 5 drips of soy sauces. The soup was clear too.. I was like, seriously!! There is one slice of porks, one slice of another type of pork, 1 fish cake, 1 poach eggs. For...$16 I concluded for Asian who love ramen, try to avoid this place. The taste doesn't suit our taste buds or tongue.
It has taken me awhile to write a review for Momofuku Noodle Bar as I never thought of it as a restaurant to review... I've been coming here for the past 3 years probably once or twice a month and every time my roommate and I just cannot decide on what to eat for dinner, we come here knowing that it will always be an awesome ramen experience. This place was actually my first ramen experience in New York, and after many many more ramen tests at other places, I can honestly say that they have the best ramen soup to offer. There are many different aspects of ramen that each place in NY just has its own little Ramen component specialty. Ippudo has the best noodles, Menchanko has the most variety, but Momofuku is the closest to authentic Japanese ramen. If you were a ramen purist, you would definitely love Momofuku. The line is long... but come earlier for dinner and it isn't as bad. The most I've had to wait is 30 minutes and that was on a Saturday night, but then again, I always come by 6pm. Obscure hours in the afternoon are also not as packed. Highlights to try beside the momofuku ramen : 1. pork buns 2. lagunita IPA 3. toasted spicy rice cakes
It actually kind of saddens me to give such a low rating to a place created by a pretty cool guy (I really enjoyed Mind of a Chef) that specializes in one of my favorite foods. But really, what's with the hype? I've been here more than 3 times with different people and ordered different things, and none of it really resonated at all. I'm really just not that into the ramen here, which is, in general, not that flavorful and overly salty. The pork belly buns, however, were pretty good. But I can get that around the corner at Baohaus without the ridiculous wait...
Momofuku Ramen - The ramen is decent. The broth is extremely salty but what makes this dish great is (i) the fatty pork which is oh so good (honestly incredibly--possibly the most savory, tender pork I've ever had) and (2) the egg which is poached to perfection. 3.5/5 Pork Buns - See pork references above. Incredible. Pricy at 5$ a pop (2 for 10 I recall). 4.5/5 Chicken Wings - Good! Works out! Kimchi - Good, spicy kimchi. Overall great. We waited 25 minutes at 10 pm.
My updated review includes more dishes and more importantly: The Fried Chicken dinner.   At the last minute, I was invited to fill a spot in my brother's friend's reservation for Momofuku's Fried Chicken dinner.  I had read about it but didn't actually expect to go.  The invitation was a surprise and I was excited.   It doesn't disappoint.   We were a group of 8 people and everyone left full and satisfied with two pieces leftover.  You get two types of chicken - one is triple friend Korea style and the other is Southern Smoked(?) - I forget.  Both are incredibly good and the biggest compliment I can pay them is that I liked it as much as I liked KFC.  My brother and some others said that Bon Chon is better but I think this version holds up as well as if not better than Bon Chon.   It is a terrific meal because they give you wraps and sauces and vegetables.  My favorite combination was: Wrap + lettuce + pepper + shisou leaf + chicken + scallion sauce + a little hoisin sauce.  In fact, I'm claiming that as my own creation.  Be sure to try eating it like that!   It's $100 for Fried chicken but you get a lot.  We also ordered Pork buns to start and you cannot go wrong with that.  It is a terrific meal.   Oddly enough, I was back a few days later and ate some of their other food - it is as mediocre as I remember it with the exception of the foie gras.  The ramen is especially awful.   So: Be patient and go for the Fried Chicken, order the pork buns and skip the rame.
We were so thrilled to check this place out, and surprisingly there was no line whatsoever when we went!  We just waltzed in, voila!  Table ready! We shared a few things and really enjoyed them.  We had the ramen with the pork belly, pork shoulder and egg, and a few buns, the braised oxtail one being my fav!  We also tried one of their specials of the day which happened to be tamales.  Yes, tamales! I had three as they were on the smaller side.  One of cheese and veggies, the other chile verde and the third...wait for it...kimchi and pork!  Wowsa, those were some tasty little bites.  I was thinking, I better let my {Mexican] grandmother know that there is a Korean-American moving in on the tamale territory!  But really, they were actually very good.
I was visiting a friend in NYC and was talking to her about my love for ramen and she suggested I come eat here.  I had heard about Momofuku and was excited to try it.  Ordered the Momofuku Ramen. Overall, the ramen was good, but not amazing.  I will say the pork was incredibly tender!  Like, melt-in-your-mouth tender.  Delicious.  The noodles were a bit too firm for my liking, especially since they are just a bit thicker than the noodles I am used to.  The broth was okay, not much flavor to it.  Love how the egg is poached instead of hard boiled.  That was a nice touch.   There are good elements, the flavor is just lacking.  I'm glad I have ramen places I love near my house. ;) Oh, and it was pretty packed when I went during lunch around 1pm.  I was able to get a seat right away because I went alone, but there were a lot of people waiting.  Also, because it is so busy, the waiters/workers are running around a lot and it's kind of hard to flag one down (if you needed chili oil, for example).  Make a reservation or get there early!
This place wins in a couple of categories for me but it's popularity make it a pain. The ramen is great, really great. The pork buns are the best I've had in the city, often imitated, never matched. This place consistently puts out good food. That's the key. You can go to Momofuku and get the same great quality every time. Not many restaurants can boast that. I think they even have a guy who's job it is to monitor their consistency. Too bad they are always so crowded. It's not very comfortable being packed into the tiny tables and chairs they have. Other more spacious ramen experiences exist that will also leave your taste buds happy. That being said, this food is amazing and if you can get there before the crowd I definitely recommend eating here.  It's one of the best ramen joints in town.
I would actually give this place 4.5 stars, if that were possible.  The food was really great, and perfect for what I wanted out of a meal.  The minus half a star is only because the price is a little bit more expensive than it needs to be, since ramen and pork buns can be had for much cheaper.  That said, the food did taste great, and I do believe the fatty pork inside the ramen was wonderful.  Plus, I got the soy egg, which was super salty, but good.  And the soft serve twist, which was very tasty, especially the rhubarb flavor.  Overall, I wish I could give it 4.5 stars, and I think this place is great.  Would love to go back, and between this and Ko, I love me some David Chang.
I visited this place a while ago maybe years ago?, and i still remember the pork buns... it was delicious and fatty and tasted like clouds and marshmallow. Yes the whole bun felt like it would melt in your mouth or just even on the plate. But later i would hate myself for eating such a delicious indulgence... i had the momofuku ramen, but i forgot what my date had... but the ramen was a delicious bend of meats and soup and egg. Between the buns and the soup i forgotten the noodles, but that is ok, it wasn't that memorable for me.
Yes, there is a lot of hype surrounding Momofuku. But we were very committed to going here during our recent trip to NY. On a Saturday evening, we had about a 30 to 45 minute wait, but it was worth it. The hostess staff was very friendly, kept people up to date on changes in wait times, and happily offered drinks to the folks standing in line. We had the pork buns (pork belly, to be fair), the scallion noodles and Momofuku ramen. The Momofuku ramen was good--better than most, but my favorite was the scallion noodles. Portions were reasonable, although the food was so good, I could've eaten more. The pork buns are not to be missed, and all I could think of was the poor vegetarians who will never experience such deliciousness. For dessert, we had the pancake cake truffles--not what we expected. It was more like a dense doughnut hole that tasted like cinnamon sugar pound cake. I noticed some of the other reviews say that this place is pricey--but I really felt like it was pretty reasonable for NY. This is definitely worthy of a repeat on my next trip!
i recommend the pork buns! it's a new twist to the siopao(that's what we call our pork buns in the philippines). price was good, we got seats right away, it's a good restaurant if you're looking for a light meal.
Don't let the long line scare you, if you need a Ramen fix this is on the list of should tries. When we got here on a Monday night there were about what looked like 50 people ahead of us, but wait time was only 30 minutes. The seating is communal style, so be prepared to sit with others, this always makes for a better experience anyways. The menu is pretty limited in choices, so if you came here for anything else, leave! The shrimp buns are very good, but not mind blowing The pork buns are delicious The ramen, while I don't like it more then Ippudo, holds its own. The broth has tons of flavor and the pork shoulder and belly are flavorful and melts in your mouth. The two pieces of Nori adds a great touch to the broth. Overall a must try, and a great addition to the my list of solid Ramen spots
Yum! Arrived about 6pm on a Saturday and the place was full but my wife and I took the last 2 bar seats. There was shortly thereafter a wait and about 30 people waiting on the sidewalk and stared at us and coveted our seats. They were not going to rush us though. We ordered shiitake mushrooms bun, shrimp bun, and shared the ramen. Shiitake bun was amazing! Bun was pillowy soft, mushrooms were crisped at the edges, not too much hoisin. Awesome. I could have eaten 10. Shrimp bun was okay. A little greasy. Sauce was too spicy for my wife and I couldn't waste it, so I gobbled it up. Ramen was solid. Shredded pork, belly, poached egg, and book choy in pork broth. Whole dish needed some srirachia which really elevated it. If I wasn't full we would have gone to Milk Bar, but didn't. Next time.
Worst ramen i have ever eaten. People who like their ramen must have never eaten real Japanese ramen before. The taste is kinda sour, and for an Indonesian their ramen actually reminds me of indo's "soto ayam", and not even the good kind of soto ayam, the diluted with water kind. Even their pork belly bun is not that good (not as terrible as the ramen though). So yeah, not worth queuing up for, and not worth the price.
The sliders were really good and it was fun to try the pigs tails. Disappointingly the ramen was quite  salty and not spicy enough for me (even though I had asked for extra spicy). This really should be the bread-and-butter dish for a noodle bar but I felt it let this place down. This is a great place, but you can better value for money. I took a star off for the long queues and the salty ramen,
I was really excited to try this place out- I LOVE ramen. Love. I got the pork buns and the momofuku ramen and really enjoyed the pork belly meat! It literally melts in your mouth! The ramen was good, but at the price you pay, I don't feel like it's worth it. Definitely overpriced, I would say that it wasn't worth it. I like that they used fresh, local ingredients (which might be why the prices are so high). The flavors are great.. the prices- not so much.
I have been visit here frequently since 5 years ago. I was deeply in love with the creativity from the chef. The spicy Sichuan cashew ramen alway got me. And those refresh tequila frozen drinks. However, someone just carelessly ruin their reputation. I was treated so rude by the hostess on Friday night!  I mean I was too grouchy keep asking her about our seat because I completely forgot my waiting time with my friend chatting outside the door. I really afraid I loose my seat... This woman is so rude that when I asked her the first time, she completely pretend I doesn't exist, and walk away from my face. The second time I try to ask her carefully cuz she really embarrass me the first time. I was standing close to her. Asked again the same question, she lifted eye from the sign-in sheet, stares at me fiercely, yes, fiercely, and said: " didn't I told you it's 15 mins wait?" And put her fierce eye back to the sheet, and walk away... I assume the next sentence in her brain is" you dump ass, stop asking stupid questions!" I was confused. Didn't you get pay from answering customers stupid, grouchy questions with a appropriate smile. I am not over reacting, people are just so angry these days... Seriously, a person like this just ruins my appetite. However, I am glad that people who serve ask is nice. The kitchen shows me their passion of cooking.  They know how to work in a busy restaurant
Wow.  This is the first 5 star I think I've given.  This place was really hyped up to me after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain No Reservations and watching several interviews with David Chang.  Often if something receives so much hype there is usually a reason, but it generally is a bit of a disappointment.  Noodle Bar was different.   Once I finally found the place on 1st, I walked in, the place was hopping, but not overcrowded.  The hostess immediately acknowledged me and smiled.  Always a plus.  She noticed I had a bag and asked if I would like her to take care of it during my meal.  +1.  I don't ever remember going to a casual place and anybody ever caring about my bag.  Huge difference with this place.  I was seated at the bar next to a nice family and a nice guy who had been to all places Momofuko.  I struck up some very good conversations with these people.  The Noodle Bar staff genuinely was happy.  This is rare anywhere.  They also watched with intensity all my needs, they filled my water when it hit the 1/4 full level, which is huge for me as I like to drink lots of water when eating.  I asked for the famous pork buns and ramen noodle.  The food was fantastic.  I had an Allagash White which was also amazing.  The food literally melted in my mouth.  I was a little scared of getting a $16 bowl of noodles, but it is worth it.  Not every day type of place, but once in a while when you want something special this is it.  The whole experience from when I entered to when I exited, was fantastic.  If the world was more like Momofuku, it would be a wonderful world.
Aaaaa, it was pretty good. I'd go back. that hot/spicy dish was hot in an oily way I'd never experienced.  It was pretty much Grand Central in there but the staff was at least somewhat present (yep I said present).
Went here for lunch but didn't pre-order the fried chicken because there were only three of us, but got there, had a couple amazing orders of pork buns followed by the wings. Our waiter then told us that they had a fried chicken order cancel and asked us if we wanted to take it! Since the pork buns were so amazing, we decided to jump on the opportunity and it was well worth it!! Definitely the best fried chicken I've had in the city, better than Blue Ribbon. Great, great meal, very excited to go back!
We were told the wait for 2 was going to be 30 mins but it ended up being only 15 mins. Plus the hostess offerred to bring us a drink while we wait which I've never had done to me before- usually they tell you to get it at the bar yourself. On top of that they transferred the tab to our table's check instead of having to pay twice. Bonus! Pork buns were awesome and thought about ordering a second round- thank god we didn't, they would have had to be packed to go! The banana bread soft serve was delicious! The tea soft serve was good, but the tea taste is strong so if you're not a fan of tea, I wouldn't reccommend it. Seven spice chips were good, but part of me wishes they would have been hot or warm, not cold. Service seemed rushed or fast paced. I get that they're busy and have tables all over the place but stop for a second, take a deep breath, put on a smile and then be in control of what you need to do. You can do things quickly without making everyone else around you feel so rushed.
Was really excited to try this place but unfortunately left unimpressed. Party of 6 arrived at around 2pm on a Saturday for lunch. My order included the pork belly buns as well as an order of the house tonkotsu ramen. The pork belly buns were great and deserve 4-5 stars if judged alone. However, the ramen broth was watery and lacked the complexity and thickness you'd expect if a broth is cooked for the proper amount of time. The subtle gelatinous consistency that a broth obtains from cooking in pork bones for 10+ hours simply wasn't there. Call me picky, but that's what I expect from a place specializing in ramen noodles. To close it off, dessert was fairly "meh" as well. Won't be coming back to this particular Momofuku establishment, but still looking forward to trying the Bo Ssam location at some point.
OK, I'm really confused.... I really don't get the hype about this place... Why is there such a stupid long line for mediocre ramen? them pork buns are alright... nothing too special... except its 2 pieces of pork instead of the typical 1... but 1/2 of my pork buns was soaked in oil?? so mehhh ordered the momofuku ramen.... Yes the broth is shoyu based. Yes, I know its not going to be as rich, or as fatty as a tonkotsu based broth. But really? does it have to be so one dimensional and mehh? it's almost as if they used the dipping sauce you get with udon as broth! Santouka uses a shio based broth, and they got more depth!!   Points for the melt in your mouth fatty slice of braised pork belly, and what i'm guessing to be shredded roasted pork shoulder... They're probably the only bright points to the noodles... but $16?!?!?! really?!? It's been awhile since I didn't want to finish a bowl of ramen... If I could, I'd give it 0 stars, but alas, I can't...   Don't think I'd ever come back here, ever...
sausage buns goat tataki smoked wings momofuku ramen The buns are soft and had the perfect texture.  It should be made in house because I have his cookbook and use about 5 of his recipes and had seen the buns' recipe.  Sausage patty reminded me of SPAM but it was on the dry side; I guess I expected the oily fatness of SPAM.   Goat tataki included about 5-6 quarter size slices mixed in an arugula salad that I thought had just enough dressing it in.  Tender, sweet and good acid on the dressing.  No gamey flavor from the goat. Smoked wings were dry too but was a bit soaked in some soy sauce/tare?  It was salty but the meat fell off pretty good.  I couldn't taste the fat in the skin, too smoked? Ramen was just okay.  For $16 bucks a bit too expensive for the experience.  The noodles were fantastic, chewy, just tough enough texture and good mouth feel.  Broth was not robust in flavor and somewhat light.  When I first looked at it, I saw good amounts of oiliness but not too much.  This made me think it was very flavorful, but it wasn't.  I like pork belly to have a hint of sweetness and no meat texture at all when its in ramen.  One small slice...some shredded pork as well that I didn't care for.  Soft egg was awesome, I was able to eat all the egg whites without popping the yolk.  I love yolk, but since it was still whole, I decided to help out my cholesterol meds and not have it.   Pretty big fan of David Chang.  I admire his passion for noodles.   I came here at noon and waited a few minutes for the doors to open.  It was not packed but had a small line. I will try the other Momofuku restaurants.
What can I possibly say that hasn't been said in the thousands of other reviews?  If you want to go with a small child and not want everyone to hate you, go on a Monday right around noon.  Maybe someone said that already.  The staff was very nice to us and our kid too. That's all I've got.  The rest is all standard:  Our meal was delicious but overly umami-y, which is a fault of our ordering.  The pork buns were delicious, as expected.  The pork croquettes with yuzu sauce on special were fine, but the soy wings had an unexpectedly wonderful and complex flavor.  Scallion and ginger noodles were very yummy, lovely noodles.
Does this place need another review? Doubtful, but here's one anyway. So, the 5 of us got 4 spicy ramen noodle bowls, one cold ramen noodle, 3 orders of pork buns, a bunch of drinks, and chicken wings. The damage was something like 45 dollars each. The pork buns were really good. The fat on the slices of pork just melts in your mouth. But being a fat ass, my only complaint is that its too small! I want more!!! (Two pieces for 10 dollars). My friends said Iron Chef Matsumoto or Morimoto (whichever) proclaimed their ramen as being the best bowl of ramen noodles in the city. Perhaps hearing this set the bar and expectations of a hungry foodie too high, but my first thought was "it's not thaaaat good." Now I'm not saying its bad, but its just not deserving of the label "the best bowl of ramen noodles" anywhere. That bowl was 16 dollars. The chicken wings were good, I believe they were braised and not fried. The sangria slushy was forgetful. However, the orange creme slushy, which had soju in it, was tasty. My complaint is that the serving is incredibly small. My friend, who had the cold ramen dish, was surprised by how spicy it was. We got fair warning from the waitress that it was spicy, and she was definitely right. I tried a bite, and there's definitely some sweet to go along with the spice in that bowl. I've been wanting to go to this place for a long long time. But my impression after the meal is that it's a bit overpriced and over-hyped. We were missing two people in our party of 5 and they wouldn't put us on the wait list, which probably added another 15 minutes of waiting for a combined 30 minutes. They don't take reservations. I'm glad I went but I don't think I'll have the urge to come back. I wouldn't be against it, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come back either.
I had the ginger scallion noodles, which were cooked to perfection. The noodles were al-dente, there could have been a bit more ginger, but all in all a great meal. To being with, we had the rice cakes, which were delicious. A subtle layer of crispiness on the outside and chewy and soft on the inside. The sauce used to spice the rice cakes was to die for. Not too spicy, but it definitely had a little kick to it. The sauce was light yet savory. Although our party of three miraculously didn't have to wait for seats, Momofuku was very crowded for lunch. it was a little pricey for lunch. One bowl of noodles was $16. I'd say try if you are willing to spend the money and time. It's not one of my absolute favorites, but still a great place to have lunch.
SUPER long wait. Cramped spaces but thats ok since rent is exp in the city and crampedness is what you get in a ramen bar in japan as well. SUPER expensive. The bf & I got the special pork ramen and it was just way too SALTY & FATTY for me. But idk, maybe other people like that. I felt like an artery was going to explode. Felt disgusting chewing on fat. Ordered some appetizers but they were not special either. Neverrr again.
Super salty noodles. Crowded as hell. Good chicken wings though.
Momofuku Noodle Bar is the epitome of mediocrity. The prices are exorbitant for dishes so simple you can probably make it at home; I knew this right when I entered the restaurant, but decided to try it due to the popularity and hype. The ramen, priced $16 for the Momofuku version, is outrageous; i've had better for much less. Japanese ramen should be made with pork bone broth, not whatever they use. The ingredients were cheap and hardly worthy of the price. The pork buns were average. They were extremely fatty and cost, again, too much. Flavors weren't exactly bursting in my mouth as the hoisin sauce was largely tasteless and the cucumbers were stuck on one side. Seasoned chicken wings? Poor and tasted very bland. Go to a Korean fried chicken place if you want REAL wings. Overall, you can't get more mediocre than a meal from this place. Take your money and buy yourself some real food.
I'm teetering somewhere between 3 and 4 stars but let's go with 4. I came here on my trip to New York last November and was very excited to try one of the Momofuku's. I came here for lunch with a friend and, sans reservation, we were seated right away. The decor is really clean and minimalist, with bamboo and white throughout and an open kitchen. It was fun to sit at the counter and watch the chefs at work.  My friend and I decided to split one order of the lunch prix fixe (around $15) and one order of the chilled spicy noodles because a) we didn't need 3 courses each and b) for variety. The lunch prix fixe was a pan-fried skate bun with a spicy mayo and cabbage, the skate was tasty but the texture was kinda gross and it was really one of those things where you take a bite and say " yum..." and then after each subsequent  bite and are much less impressed. The oiliness of the skate with the mayo was just a little too much. Next up came the noodles with pork shoulder, soy egg and sesame oil for the prix fixe and my chilled spicy noodles. The prix fixe dish was really tasty, the sesame oil really accented the noodles, the soy egg was amazing and really unique - I have no idea what they do to it, but it was awesome, and the pork shoulder was tender and juicy. As for the chilled noodles, these are very spicy, that kind of spicy that sneaks up on you and numbs your mouth. The spicy pork sausage was delicious and was complimented by the candied cashews and the leafy spinach. I really loved this dish but I couldn't finish all of it because of the heat (and I do like a lot of spicy foods). Finally, for the last course of the prix fixe my friend and I shared the swirled pie crust and sweet potato soft serve topped with marshmallows. The flavors were OK, but they seemed to be more about being kitschy then being awesome, and the marshmallows just got hard and were a totally superfluous addition. Overall, I enjoyed my experience and would come back, especially because of the reasonable prices, friendly staff and despite a few hiccups, pretty delicious food.
I have to give a suggestion to anyone who comes to Momofuku. Actually, two: don't come expecting your Japanese grandmother's ramen. Also, watch Mind of a Chef before coming here. The Momofuku ramen is not a mere attempt to imitate ramen you'd find in Japan, nor is it attempt to revolutionize the dish. Yet, in a way, David Chang's take on ramen is nothing short of revolutionary. You take a Korean-American man, who spent considerable time in Japan, and the result is Momofuku Noodle Bar - pork from Tennessee, with a Korean twist on a Japanese dish. It's literally an expository on the positive effects of a global food community in a bowl. Now that I've had my rant - delicious. Super salty, but in the best kind of way. I've had the pleasure of trying the Momofuku ramen, spicy miso ramen, and chilled spicy noodles, all showcasing different flavor profiles, and all to die for (the chilled spicy, I might say, is not for those who are faint of heart towards spice...). And yes, the pork buns are absolutely godly. I also recommend the kimchi, as well as a small green tea slushie - small because the flavor gets to be a bit much, for me anyway.
Came here for the first time last time I was in New York. Before it was even open there was a line. People waiting in the hot heat, must be worth a try. Got the chicken wings- nothing special. Pork buns- soooo good! And the miso lamyun- too salty for my taste. If I were to come back it would probably only be for the pork buns. Mmmm..
This was one of the best dining experiences of my life. Overall, I tasted new flavors and familiar flavors combined in new ways that I never would have expected to be so extraordinarily delicious together. Each dish built on the one it followed to create a crescendo of of taste and texture that left me a little tipsy from sensation, even though I didn't have any alcohol. It's been a little while since I ate here, so my specific recollection of the dishes is, unfortunately, a little foggy. First appetizer was a raw, light fish with capers and some kind of flower on it. It was very nicely plated, as the beige fish and green oil complemented each other while contrasting with the bright purple flower. Then we ate shitake mushroom buns. AMAZING. That is all I can say. AMAZING. Then came the fois gras, with a delicious dark caramelized sauce, served on top of a little cracker that, even when soaked with the tasty juices, retained its crunchiness and beautifully complemented the gentle texture of the fois gras. Last was the main dish, ramen. The chefs grilled a pork belly disc and plopped it into the soup. It gave the whole soup a delicious grilled flavor. The broth burst with freshness and its flavor showed off the various ingredients in the dish. The obviously homemade noodles were also very fresh and had a wonderful, chewy texture. I'll have to review this again immediately after the next time I eat here, as I have not done justice to this wonderful restaurant. Prix-fixe is under $30 per person, but it's probably worth it to splurge and order several dishes from the full menu. The knowledgeable staff can help you pick dishes that will complement each other.
The 1 hour wait is totallyyyyyy worth it for the pork buns...deliciousness!  So freackin yummy in my tummy.  The ramen itself is ok - good but not overly amazing...definitely would not wait 1 hour just for the ramen.  Dessert is a scrumptious bonus.  The cap'n crunch cake truffles are awesome!
Sorry, I wasn't impressed.  The decor was nice, the service decent, and the atmosphere good.  But the food just wasn't that good.  We tried the pork buns that all the yelpers have been raving about...they were TINY.  And they tasted good, but they were hardly amaazing, and def. not worth $9.  As Joe Rice says they're really overpriced considering the 75 cent peking duck in the buns that you can get in flushing (or chinatown for that matter).   We also had the pork ramen, and the chicken ramen -- was not blown away.  Both were bland. If you're nearby and looking for a stylish asian style meal to impress an out of towner, this might not be a bad choice.  But a true foodie would keep looking.  But there are definitely much better and cheaper places in chinatown.
The hubs and I came here without a reservation, praying we'd get in. We got there at just the right time, scoring two seats at the bar! I tried a small size of the frozen, alcoholic slush, which was totally amazing and refreshing. We both had the pork ramen and devoured it -- this is a thing New York and L.A. are seriously killing it on. When will ramen creep across the United States?!
Momofuku is pretty good.  If you come here you're probably getting the house specialty soup with comes which a slice of pork belly (they used to serve two slices??), scallions, nori, fishcake, and poached egg.  The actual soup is good and I do leave always feeling stuffed.  My only quip is that the soup is never that hot.  The first time I ate here I actually asked them to make it hotter and one of the managers quickly came up to me to explain that they serve it as hot as health code will allow.  Well I guess barely steaming soup that quickly becomes lukewarm is health code?  If it was hot enough, the egg yoke would cook inside the broth when it breaks.  Instead, it's kind of like adding raw egg to the soup flavor - which is cool if you're into that sort of thing - but I don't really like when raw white egg yolk is hanging onto the noodles and I avoid eating them.  But, I guess the temperate temperature (see what I did there) does help you eat the soup faster because you can dig into it immediately without waiting for it to cool down, which I imagine helps the restaurant turn over the tables faster because the service is pretty hurried.  This isn't the place to catch up with a friend.  They want you concentrating on that soup and moving on.   Also you can tell yourself that $16 for a bowl of trendy ramen isn't too steep, but $60 for two soups and three Tiger beers (the equivalent of Bud Lt in Singapore) feels like bit of a rip off, especially for 1st Ave.  But if you're inquiring solely about the food and that's all that matters to you, then yes go here and mark it off your "I've been there" list.  Also tip: I always come here around 3:30 or 4pm and never have a wait.
This place is really amazing.. to me mostly because of the specials that are always different every time you go. I haven't even tried the ramen because I prefer noodles for lunch and I went here for dinner. The pork buns are epic! you wont ever have a better one in your life.. the meat is so tender and juicy. I had the octopus special that was just down right amazing. It was tender.. i hate tough octopus.. and there were so many flavorful ingredients in the dish.. spices, veggies.. dont even remember them all. So many octopus dishes are kind of boring to me but here at Momofuku they made it flavorful and exciting! The mushroom medley was also just delicious. I love mushrooms and they used at least 3 different kinds and some magical sauce to make the dish come to life.  Last I ordered the seafood curry special... which was nothing short of genius! The description on the menu did not do this dish justice.. It consisted of mussels, clams, crawfish, tomatoes, and charred pineapple chunks, silver noodles or rice noodle not sure, cilantro, carrot shavings, and a light bright curry sauce. This dish reminded me of a vietnamese dish with some serious twists. The dish was so unique and flavorful... I absolutely loved it! The only reason I even ordered it was I saw it going to another table and it caught my eye. The menu descriptions often do not do the dishes justice. This is really my only complaint about this place... But I found a solution... sit at the bar in front of the chef station... order some sake... drink and watch the food go out until you see something that tickles your fancy.. trust me it won't take long! Momofuku is much more than a noodle bar... actually I think the other things they offer are the highlights for me. Rest assured that everything that comes out of that kitchen will be not only great tasting but beautiful and full of color. This place is crazy popular so if you dont want to wait a long time come before 6 or after 10 for dinner. It's also pricey for a "noodle bar" but it is worth every penny.. I can't wait to go back!!
Someone please tell me what the hype is all about. Maybe my taste buds are too snobby for this place. Everything tasted a-ok.
this review borders between a 3.5 and a 4 star, so i'm rounding up just because those pork buns and chicken wings were amazing.  but let me rewind...we got here twenty minutes before it opened and we were still around 10 parties from the front of the line. ridiculous? or worth it? worth it.  the restaurant itself has a pretty relaxed atmosphere, like you're actually eating in someone's kitchen or living room. definitely get the smoked chicken wings. i don't know what they do, but that sweet and spicy sauce they put on it is divine and the chicken is smoked so well that you can smell the smokiness when the plate comes, but the meat itself is so moist and tender it's ridiculous. the pork buns were like nothing i've ever tasted before (in the best possible way).  it's pretty much an old school asian style pork that's pretty fatty (but don't peel the fat off because it's clearly the best part), on the type of bun that you get with peking duck, with some hoisin sauce smeared in there.  it's so flavorful and so tasty, you want to order an extra plate (one plate comes with 2). now for the ramen...honestly, for $16 a bowl, it better damn well be the best ramen i've eaten. and i don't really think it was (which is what bumps this down to a 3.5 star).  it's a pretty decent amount and the noodles were great, but the broth was a bit lighter in flavor than i had hoped and while they did give a good amount of pork, i really didn't think $16 was worth it. for ramen?! come on.. but other than that, it was a great lunch experience and maybe next time i wouldn't order the ramen and i'd get another noodle dish or just more chicken wings.. (for good ramen, head over to ippudo)
I checked this place out on a whim since I was in the neighborhood. I was in NYC for a wedding and I have been to Momofuku Ssam before and really liked it. Too bad this place is not nearly as good. I love eating ramen and have checked many ramen places in NYC, Tokyo, Los Angeles and San Francisco. This place was pretty disappointing. Everything was extremely salty. The ramen is pricy which is fine since its Momofuku, but the soup base was just way too salty. The toppings were average and so were the noodles. We also had the dessert they serve from Milk Bar and that was super salty too. We had the cookie, ice cream and something else combo. The best thing was the brisket bun, but that is pretty much David Chang's calling card, so it better be good. Service was pretty good too, the waitress and the hostess were all very friendly and delightful, which is not always the case in NYC. If you want ramen, go somewhere else.
I read an article in a 2012 issue of Newsweek about best restaurants and saw this place made the list. I thought I would try it out while in the city. After a really long wait, we were finally seated at the bar and given the short menu of choices. I went for the Mamofuku Ramen and my partner got the pork buns. My ramen was blah. I swiped a pork bun to try and there was definitely more flavor but it wasn't amazing or anything. I've had much better Ramen in San Francisco. This place is in my opinion is over rated.
I came here with a party of 8 for the Fried Chicken dinner.  I still have dreams about the 8 lb slow roasted pork shoulder Bo Ssam dinner from Momofuku Ssäm Bar, and I was eager to try the chicken version at Noodle Bar.  We ordered some sides as we waited for the chicken to come out- the roasted corn was awesome, the steamed pork belly buns are magical, bok choy was meh.  And then the two whole fried chickens, one southern style and one korean style with an mushu pancakes, greens, and sauces.  my party was abt 50/50 on which chicken style preferred. i enjoyed the korean one more as thot southern one a bit dry and kentucky fried chicken esque... i still think bon chon is way better tho.   8 ppl (max size, min is 4ppl) was the perfect size for this dinner, we were stuffed and finished everything! came out to $30 pp which is quite a value for a david chang spot in my opinion
Overpriced ramen--and not very good ramen for what you're paying. There are cheaper and tastier options available in the area (and even though Ippudo might be the most expensive out of these other options, its porkiness is ten times better than the paltry rendition here). The ginger scallion noodles had a nice helping of cucumbers, scallions, ginger, and some other greens, but looked and tasted rather anemic--I ended up dousing it with Sriracha sauce to give it at least a decent kick. The pork buns, however, are consistently fantastic. Can you really go wrong with fatty slices of pork belly tucked tenderly in the fluffy white mantou buns? Yum. The mushroom ones aren't that bad either. However, if Momofuku flails in the ramen category, it gets atmosphere right. It gets really loud and isn't the best spot to pick for intimate conversations, but it's got a very fun, lively feel. Lines and wait are always long, so don't come with a huge group if you don't want to wait long.
The soy egg was good.  Salty, but that's what I expected from a soy sauce soaked egg! The fried shallots were super yum though. Then the ramen came.  I know I am being repetitive here, but sea water is more palatable than the broth!  It was ok for a few bites, then the salt is just all I could taste. ::shudder::  The more I think about it the less I like it.   There is an extra star for ambiance and cleanliness though- big pluses in my book.
I can only attest for the pork buns because we only stopped in for a snack, but OMG...they were amazing. The flavor of the whole bun was very balanced.  Perfectly moist, tender meat contrasted by the tangy housemade pickled cucumber. So good. We'll definitely be back for ramen. The placed is perpetually be packed. Be prepared to sit elbow to elbow and for a wait!
My prior experience with ramen cost about fifty cents a cup, was microwavable, and part of my weekly college diet. Then, one day, as if Leo DiCaprio snuck into my dreams and planted the idea overnight, I get this craving for real ramen and I start to believe I've been given this mission to get out there and order some big boy noodles. Based on hype, publicity, and popularity, Momofuku Noodle Bar was chosen as the spot. There was a wait and I should've known better. We were told thirty minutes, took about forty-five, but really, it was no big deal. In the end, we were sat at the back bar in front of the open-air kitchen, which is exactly where I would've wanted to be if given the choice. Getting a look into how a restaurant operates at such close range was definitely a highlight of the visit, all the steam and smoke putting us right in the thick of things. This was not the time to improvise, so I stuck to the script and ordered what I came here for - the Momofuku Ramen. You can keep my remedial basis for comparison in mind if you choose, but I thought it was awesome. The bowl is the perfect size, both the pork loin and pork shoulder were fantastically tasty, salty cuts of meat, and all the bits of this and that thrown in between were as fresh as could be, noodles included. I felt that every ingredient was meticulously planned, each distinctive flavor feeding off one another - but, then again, this might not be the case at all and I could just be a huge sucker. I was a little concerned about the poached egg, because typically that's not my thing, but it just kind of melts into the broth and ends up tasting pretty damn good. And while I definitely enjoyed it, the Roasted Corn side is a rip-off at ten bucks. A small-ass medley of vegetables doesn't need that type of price tag, no matter how good it tastes. The Momofuku Ramen filled some sort of void I didn't know was there, and I'm sure I will have this new craving time and time again. I've been told ramen is Japanese comfort food and now I can believe it. Mission Momofuku: accomplished.
we came here after being told the wait at ippudo was over an hour.   this place is super tiny and can't fit everyone.  the seats are communal seats and you share them with the people next to you.  not my idea of a good time when i'm squished in between strangers. we ordered the pork buns and i got the momofuku ramen.  the pork buns were really good and i would get them again.  the ramen was also really good.  i think it was better than ippudo, but i think mitsuwa ramen tastes better. i wouldn't come back here unless there was no wait. we also tried the beet ice cream and that was horrible.   don't get it.
I enjoyed the entire experience. The Momofuku Ramen was the highlight of the meal. The buns were o.k.; I was expecting a little better considering they were $9.00 for two. The vibe inside the restaurant is awesome, and it was a big reason I will return. Kinda pricey, but I'll be back for another bowl of ramen.
I really want to give this place 5 starts but the lack of space doesn't deserve it.  we went last night and everything was amazingly delicious.  we shared the prix fixe menu and a couple other dishes.  i would highly recommend the pork buns.  they're not your normal buns as they're more like tacos than buns but the pork is tasty and delectable.  we also had the lamb ramen and momufoku ramen.  the broth is incredible.  if there was more space in the restaurant (between diners and waiting space), i would have given it a 5, hands-down.  And the wait is not very predictable.  we only had to wait 10 minutes for our table of 2 at 8:45pm.
Ramen snobs everywhere will balk at my review--but Momofuku Noodle Bar is my all-time favorite place to grab ramen in NYC. I've came here for the first time a couple years ago when I was visiting from CA, and LOVED the experience (to be fair, I was dazzled by anything in NYC in general). I vaguely remember ordering their teeny tiny slushies and the vegetarian ramen. While the slushies were great, the veggie ramen wasn't as hearty or spicy as I had hoped.   I brushed it off and still had a fantastic experience. Two years later, I stopped by on a coooold Saturday night and hoped Momofuku would be just as delicious. And it was!!! We ordered the chicken wings, spicy miso ramen, Momofuku ramen and a green tea slushie. The spicy miso ramen was EXCELLENT. The broth was the perfect flavor, and I couldn't stop obsessing over the poached egg upgrade instead of the traditional boiled egg. Can all ramen restaurants start doing this?! The swiss chard, crispy/meaty chicken and the generous serving of noodles made the dish AMAZING. Yum. Plus, the chicken wings were delicious as well--nothing is sexier than when the meat is literally falling off the bone. Nom nom nom. However, I did note a couple things--the green tea slushie was a little meh. It was pretty evident they used some kind of green tea/matcha powder that didn't sit well in the slushie. All in all, still a huge Momofuku fan and I will still tolerate long wait times just to get a cramped seat at this joint. Props to David Chang for always keeping us coming back for more!
Highly overrated , shrimp buns were nice but nothing exceptional the spicy miso ramen was nothing exceptional . It wasn't spicy and the chicken was tough the broth wasn't too good at all! Not coming back
Going to Momofuku requires some preparation before you actually go eat there. Here's the quick 'n dirty. Gentlemen: 1) Unwrap a condom. 2) Secure it around your member, possibly using a rubber band a la Butters in South Park. (But if the idea of going to Momofuku doesn't already excite you enough to make a rubber band unnecessary, you need to reconsider your priorities.) 2.1) You should probably bring extra undergarments and pants. Senoritas: 1) See 2.1 above. Now go to Momofuku and give your name to the person keeping the waiting list on a FREAKING iPAD. Because that's just how David Chang rolls, homeskillet. Once you're in, order the pork buns. Break kosher if you have to. Just do it. Now put that pork bun in your mouth. Feel all the fat instantly melt down your tongue practically as soon as you bite into it. Taste the succulence of those juices mixing into the meat itself, which balances out perfectly with the hoisin sauce and the fluffy bun. Notice the almost complete lack of resistance as you bite into the pork, because that's just how ridiculously tender it is. The perfect bite of the bun - not too hard, not too soft - is the perfect cushion to deliver these precious goods. And the nice surprising crunch of the pickle really made me smile. So yeah. Get the pork bun. You get two for $10. But it's worth every damn penny. And that warm, sticky feeling in your pants? Aren't you glad you came with precautionary measures? (Get it? CAME with precautionary measures? Hur hur hur I'm 12 years old I know.) And now you have a tough decision to make. You're at one of the famed Momofuku restaurants. You don't get to come to one of these every day, especially considering the price. Do you try the ramen? I would. But only once. It's a good ramen. It really is. I got the Momofuku Ramen, which came with a beautifully poached egg, more of that mmmm roast pork, some seaweed, and some mildly fermented cabbage (a nice touch). The noodles had truly great bite. And the soup was also great - a hint of roast garlic, some sesame seed oil, perhaps? But was it worth 16 dollars? I argue nay. And that's why I can't truly give this place 5 stars. Perhaps another day, if I return, I'll try another one of the ramens. Or maybe even try the spicy chicken chilled noodle. But I still don't really feel like brushing my teeth tonight for fear of forever losing that pork fat flavor.
I went after hearing about the amazing pork buns and was not disappointed.  The bun was like a fluffy pillow of goodness and the pork was pretty juicy.  The ramen was ok but the broth was damn salty I thought.  Being a huge tamarind fan, I fell in love with the tamarind celery soda - homemade on site! Space is simple and modern, staff was cool and music was rockin loud.
Fantastic place. Long lines, pretty high prices but definitely worth it. Love the noodle bowls.  Love love love the time they were serving barbequed brussel sprouts.  Mmmm. Seriously the first time I enjoyed brussel sprouts...now I know that there is potential behind these usually bland little balls. Very high prices on the sake and other alcohols, which is a bit of a disappointment but this is New York afterall...
PHENOMENAL! This place was recommended to me by several friends as a "dont miss" place to eat in NYC -  extremely happy I went. Restaurant has a lovely ambiance, staff is friendly, prices are reasonable. I got the ramen bowl and it was all sorts of amazing. I also got a seasonal watermelon appetizer, which blew my mind. I regret not getting the pork buns as I hear they are amazing. Also regret not getting a "compost cookie" from Momofuku's sister dessert bar, Milkbar....i'm sure that cookie would have been amazing. Will be back next time I'm in NYC!
This was our whole reason for visiting NYC. I've recently been stuck on David Chang's PBS cook show and I really didn't know much about him till my sister gave me a copy of Lucky Peach. Anyhow, a trip to PA fell through and I found myself wondering how good can this Noodle Bar really be. We came here on a Thursday to no wait, but they were pretty busy. They sat us at the bar overlooking the chefs cooking. They were killing it. We started off with the famous Pork buns, and we were seriously thinking about taking a couple dozen home. They are ridiculous. I ordered the Spicy Miso Smoked Chicken Ramen, and my wife had the Momofuku Ramen. Spicy Miso had a little kick, nothing too crazy. It was very well seasoned and the chicken was really good. I was a little hesitant because chicken can be very plain but it had really good flavor and smokiness. Momofuku Ramen has a really tasty pork broth with good cuts of pork meat. I did think the Spicy Miso Ramen was better though. I could see myself stopping by here every time we visit.
After going over to Ippudo and finding out that it would be a two hour wait for our table of three, we walked over to Momofuku and they told us it would be a half hour wait.  To our famished stomachs, a half hour wait sounded more reasonable.  And sure enough a half hour later we were sitting in a cute little bench in Momofuku.  I really like the layout of the restaurant, it really is like a noodle bar with long tables and stools in the front of the room and then tables along the other side.   We started out with the grilled octopus.  I do not what type of sauce or other veggies came along with it but the flavors were delicious!  We completely cleared the bowl.  I would order that again in a heartbeat.  My friend and I both ordered the Momofuku raman and my BF ordered the spicy miso ramen with the smoked chicken so we could have the opportunity to try a different ramen.  We didn't really order the chicken but we were suprised by the deep flavor in the chicken and my BF actually like his chicken better than the braised pork belly in my ramen. I loved my ramen!  Broth was really good, the noodles were not too chewy or soft.  The pork belly was tender and braised to my liking and I loved the addition of the seaweed in my ramen.  Although I want to try Ippudo, if the wait continues to be over two hours, I will happily go over to Momofuku anytime!
It's a pricey fix, but wash down the Hamachi Sashimi and Veal Sweetbreads with some Hitachino White Ale and you'll be marinating in happiness.
It's hard to say if 3 stars is the right rating, but overall, price considered, I think it's appropriate.  Everything I had was excellent, the staff was pleasant, timing right, and my water glass kept full.  Two of us shared an order of pork buns, the Momofuku ramen bowl, and the ginger-scallion noodle bowl.  The pork bun was *delicious* with a dark, sweet sauce, uber-moist pork belly, crunchy-sweet cucumber pickle slices, and delicate soft bun.  We agreed next time to just plunk down and get four orders of these guys.  Not to detract from the other dishes, but the pork buns were so very good.  The ramen was smokey and dusky, with plenty of pork, some mysterious slices perhaps of imitation crab meat, and about a pound of noodles.  We appreciated the richness the poached egg added, though I think two would not have overwhelmed the large portion.  We thought about the spicy noodles, but decided that mouth-on-fire-taste-nothing-but-good-burning wasn't right for the night.  So the ginger-scallion noodles were a good complement, with more great crunchy pickled cucumber, vinegar-y marinated mushrooms, tons of scallion, and again a healthy portion of noodles.  Everything was great, and at $40, not bad.  But there's a wonderful little place under the Manhattan bridge where the same amount and quality of food can be had for about $8.  So I'll grab a pork bun at Momofuku, and go for a walk to Kuai An for my noodles.
So here is  your question: is one incredible dish and a collection of so-so ones delivered in a frantic, loud, and crowded environment enough to make you come? Because in fact that was our experience. The shrimp rolls (which we opted for instead of the pork) were just incredible. The bun itself was light, but chewy, slightly sweet but not cloyingly so, perfect to set off the shrimp cake and the sublime sauce. If everything else was this wonderful, we might have had a different reaction. Now make no mistake the Momofuku ramen was good. The broth was rich and deep and the combination of the pork side and belly with a poached egg was great. The noodles themselves though were just so so and overall the flavors were complimentary, but muddy. But frankly I was surprised we were able to taste anything at all. Eating at Momofuku is a bit like riding the E at rush: crowded, loud, rushed, and unpleasant. And it seemed like it was intended to be that way. A finished plate had barely been set down before it was whisked away. The food came rapid fire--well presented--but definitely not relaxed. So go for the flavors--but mind the downsides. This is one meal that will leave your tastebuds intrigued, but you wallet and your spirits considerably lessened.
First, i'm one of the biggest David Chang fans.  Not afraid to say it. As a Korean American who was struggling with that 2nd generation angst to please my parents by being a successful doctor, lawyer, etc, I feel for David as he made the jump to following his passion. More power to him!   Go into this experience without taking in so much of the Hype. Ramen is supposed to be simple. It's rooted in Japanese peasantry.   It's all about that textured alkaline noodle that has that perfect bite. Don't expect italian al denta, this is not the time nor place for that. Then you have the broth which is as important as the noodles. The broth takes alot of effort, time, resources. Do you know how much pork and chicken bones they need to simmer for 10-12 hours to harness that flavor in even just a small amount of broth? Chef Chang is mastering the art of harnessing umami. The technique, the time, the resources all warrant the price. Then that berkshire pork belly from an environmental friendly farm is great. the best pork belly i've had. Perfect fat to meat ratio. In the end you have to ask, was this ramen good? I'm trying to get out of the game of comparing foods from different restaurants. I'm learning to sit there and ask, is this good?   Simple noodles and broth with alot of love and time. Yes, it's good. It's certainly not bad. Can't wait to try the fried chicken.
This is the cheaper cousin of Ssäm Bar, though in my opinion the food is just as good--and if you're looking for noodles it's better. The Momofuku ramen is their specialty, but the pork buns are also great. If you can get the fried chicken dinner (reservation only), DO IT--the family dinner is delicious. Also ask the flavors of ice cream they currently have because sometimes they are something interesting and tasty. For instance, while split pea ice cream doesn't sound like the best...it is. Oh, and there is ALWAYS a wait and there are no reservations so come expecting to get a drink at the bar before being seated.
I officially hate New York Mag and Masaharu Morimoto for rating this the #1 ramen spot in NY. PUH-LEASE! I came here with two friends one ass freezing winter day hoping to get a tasty bowl of hot ramen and were thoroughly disappointed. I didn't mind the communal seating on tiny benches, but did mind when I had nowhere to put my bag, heavy coat, a hoodie, scarf, ear muffs and two layers of gloves. After asking the hostess if there was a coat check or a small basket to put our things she simply replied, "Oh no. You should just sit on it or leave it all on your lap." What?! I'm paying $16 bucks for ramen and I have to SIT ON MY COAT!? -1 After getting my booty nicely nuzzled into all my layers of winterwear on the tiny bench, we finally got the shitake mushroom buns and our momofuku ramen. Buns were actually good. Over-priced, but good. I liked that it wasn't heavy and drenched in sauce like the pork buns at Ippudo. But the ramen, the king of the show, was terrible! First off, it didn't even look appetizing. The noodles were exactly like the packaged $1 ramen noodles you buy in the grocery store, the broth was way too salty, the pork was mediocre, and it all made for a terrible meal. -2 Why people love this place, I do not know. Actually the buns were good. But expensive. So 1.5 stars, not 2. Yes, Ippudo is a little pricey too ($12-$13 a bowl of ramen) but it's 100 times better than Momofuku Noodle Bar. Never again. Actually... it's awesome. Come here to get your ramen fix. That way you'll keep Ippudo nice and empty so I don't have to wait an hour for my bowl of deliciousness. Side note: I heard Morimoto is friends with David Chang, which explains why he would rate Momofuku's ramen #1. SELL OUT!
This place is not worth the wait.  It's overpriced, overhyped and I'm over it.  With all the japanese restaurants/ramen places in the area, I would point you to Ramen Setagaya or Minca for a more authentic experience instead.   I give this place two stars only because the shiitake mushroom bun was pretty tasty.
had spicy chicken ramen which wasnt great at all. atmosphere is def nice and service was good, but noodle wise average. wont come back for noodles. menu was small which is a plus.
When it comes down to it, its really just 20 dollar ramen. Okay okay, its wonderfully seasoned, well accompanied ramen with fresh ingredients for garnishes, but ramen nonetheless. The pork bun is really the star here, but still, what has made this restaurant so successful is David Chang's business savvy, and not necessarily his culinary ability. He is, no doubt, one of the great rising chefs of our generation, but for me, value is paramount in how I judge a restaurant. After dining here, I felt a little like I was played for a fool, somehow tricked along with the rest of my fellow diners into paying 20 bucks for what really is just a bowl of ramen. I can assure you one thing, Chang's profit margin at this little cash cow of a restaurant must be unprecedented among little eateries.
Excellent buns and Ramen noodles, so so cold noodles
I went with my friend last night to see how Momofuku held up against other Ramen joints in NYC. The Ramen was really salty. (I ordered the Momofuku Ramen.) So much so I couldn't finish my meal after getting half way through it. The pork buns were good but not exceptional. The service was fine and I enjoy watching the cooks in the open kitchen. Get there early or prepare for a wait. People were lining up around 7PM. I will go back to give it one more chance but over all it was not worth the money. If you are going to spend some cheese on Ramen I recommend Ippudo NY.
the ramen is overrated I've tasted better. but the place overall has a pretty good atmosphere, great interior, and good food aside from the noodles. like their daily specials they have written on the board which are pretty tasty. i love their kimchi butter sauce. i also like how they get fresh organic products from places like thistle farm which kind of makes up for their high prices. i would come back, but not for the ramen. if you're looking for good ramyun, then try Ippudo NY.  that's real japanese ramen to die for.
The pork buns are the reason to go here.  Best in town with no close second.  The ramen is just ok. So many better places just in the neighborhood. The broth is thin and bland, and at the risk of repeating Woody Allen's rehash of a Groucho Marx joke "such small portions!" My real gripe with this place though is the seating. You are so packed in you're constantly having to shift and bend as servers squeeze between the sardine seating. It makes for a very tense and uncomfortable experience. Instead of going to the restaurant once a week for the pork buns I bought the cookbook and make them myself at home.
Before coming here we read all these great reviews about it and it was really hyped up.  The hour long wait seemed to confirm that this place had promise.  I mean..who waits an hour for crappy food.   We sat at the bar area and proceeded to order ramen and pork buns. Service was friendly enough.  We thought it was odd they had a margartia slush machine but hey...it is an Asian fusion place The buns arrived, they looked a little oily compared to traditional taiwanese buns i think they were trying to replicate.  They tasted pretty good otherwise. The ramen was up next.  The soup base tasted bland and not rich like traditional ramen.  I would have to rate it fairly low compared to traditional ramen places.  Definitely not worth an hour wait..There are so many better noodle places.  For an hour wait I'd rather go to Ippudos.   When I was leaving I noticed that we were the only group with Asians..which I guess shoud've been a sign that this place probably didn't appeal to people accustomed to traditional ramen
On my recent foodie retreat to NYC I knew I wanted to experience David Chang's cooking and when reservations for Ko proved impossible I opted for Noodle over Ssam simply because my sister isn't the biggest fan of eating pig.  That said, 15 minutes into our meal at Noodle I found myself fighting her for the second steamed pork bun. :)  Is it really possible that Chang can take such simple foods and concepts and make something remarkable?  Damned right it is. Let me preface the rest of this review by noting that we'd eaten at Babbo for dinner the night before and had the gourmand lunch at EMP the same day....the bar was set quite high.  Let me also note that we arrived at Momofuku at 8:15pm having walked all the way from Saks Fifth Ave and we were starving.  Seating took approximately 10 minutes and we got the end-seat looking directly into the kitchen.  Nice! While college-esque and 'sceney' for sure, having attended OSU for 4 years I can absolutely say there is nothing like this in Columbus.  Water was served immediately and refilled infinitely before the glass was ever half empty...amazing considering every employee was working at a frenetic place and seemingly doing 2-3 things at once....without ever missing a beat. For our starters we ordered the grilled octopus salad with konbu, menma, and pickled chili and two of the famous steamed pork buns plus two of the steamed chicken buns.  Though I had to look up many of the ingredients later, everything in the salad blended perfectly while providing a textural rollercoaster of crisp, soft, moist, dry, salty, spicy, and sweet.  While not quite as good as Babbo's Grilled Octopus, I'd order this every time I attended Momofuku.  The buns?  What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Perfectly cooked fatty pork and moist delicious chicken with just enough spice and some crunch from the pickles...alone worth the trip. For our next round we selected the fried veal sweetbreads with salted cucumbers, sweet chili sauce and the chicken ramen.  While the ramen was pretty standard for an oriental restaurant, the noodles were very thick and hearty and the price was excellent for the size of the bowl.  I especially liked the shitake mushrooms and crispy chicken skin.  The sweetbreads?  Good lord, why didn't someone think of this before?  Think of the best chicken nugget you've ever tasted; but more moist, tender, and tasty.  The cucumbers were delicious and the chili sauce, albeit unnecessary, was delectable on the sweetbreads.  If you've never tried sweetbreads and are hesitant about trying organ meat (as my sister was) I'd say this is a great starting point to qualm your fears. While eating our sweetbreads the individual next to my sister received his order of the roasted rice cakes with shrimp, tamago, and cashews....we couldn't resist.  The rice cakes were fried crisp yet chewy, the shrimp lightly barbequed and spicy, the cashews crunchy and salty, and the egg sauce perfectly light and balanced.  In a meal that consisted of all hits and no misses, this dish was the biggest suprise and on par with every other offering.  To be fair, I cannot even rate which dish I liked best as all were remarkable in their own way. Feeling full and wanting to take in more of the NYU scene we opted to skip dessert.  The check was delivered and with tax/tip the total came out to less than $85, a steal for such a great experience.  Great unique food, no reservations required, fantastic service with minimal pretense, great prices and big portions all combine to make Momofuku a hit.   Going into the experience I half-thought the hype over Chang was just hype....it turns out that even if it is hype, it is justified.
I'm from Los Angeles.  This place came recommended by a few sources as a place thats getting a lot of hype and worth checking out. COMPLETELY, UTTERLY OVERPRICED.   $16 for the Momofuku Ramen, which was good, but not the best I've had.  Wife complained it was too salty. See Shinsengumi in LA for half the price.  Yes, LA and NYC are different, but $16 for ramen is still $16 for ramen. $9 for 2 steamed pork buns, $4.50 each for something fairly tasty but come on, $4.50 for 3 bites for something you can get elsewhere for 1/4 the cost for the same quality? All in all, decent food, overpriced.  I prefer the more authentic ramen of the west coast.
I really wanted to love the ginger scallion noodles, but they were incredibly salty. I can't quite remember the waitress' response when I expressed such. At the end of our meal we were given complimentary soft serve which was an awesome consolation. I miss out on most of the offerings since I forgo meat but admire the juxtaposition of interesting ingredients. Be prepared to wait in line. The # of reviews is a testament to this.
We walked up about 5 minutes before they opened and about 15 people in line already.  We had a great seat at the bar right in front of a grill so we watched all of the cooking action. Get ready for a yummy roller coaster!  Everything we ordered was served super fast and fresh.  The service is topnotch from the minute you sit down. Do your self a flavor and order the Pork Buns and the side of corn!
hands down on the pork buns! at first, I thought they were like the cantonese version you get at the dim sum places. nope....they are wraped in a steam bun like the ones you eat with peking duck....also glazed with a hoisin sauce but sandwiched with cucumber, green onion and a FATTY piece of pork that is so good I would not mind a heart attack. others to note: - hamachi was okay...blood orange was too tangy - kimchee stew was not good....too sweet and salty - clams were good but broth was too salty - momofuku ramen was nice.....loved the flavor - caramel soft serve better than the brownie...then again, I'm not into chocolate.....(what?!)...I know, I'm weird like that.
The beef was served in a doughy bun with horseradish sauce, pickled red onion and cucumber. The shrimp was served with pickled shallot and spicy mayonnaise. For our entrees we decided on two noodle dishes: the Chilled Spicy noodles- a serving of egg noodles with sichuan spiced sausage, spinach cashews and the spiciest chili sauce. Our waiter warned me of the spice level but I like to think I have a high tolerance for spiciness, so ignoring her warning I ordered the dish anyway. It arrived looking colorful and fresh. I was so eager to take the first bite. I wish I had a cartoon photo to depict how I must have looked after the first bite. My mouth, nose and entire head was on fire. My sinuses watering immediately, I decided to ignore the signals and take a second bite hoping that maybe my taste buds would adapt. They didn't. I called over our waitress told her its too hot and that I would have to order something else off the menu. The manager came over and told me that they would not take it off the bill since it states that it is spicy in the name of the dish. I didn't argue. In fact I never asked for it to be taken off. Oh well, I'm sure they have had to fight that question more than a few times. I don't know why they would make it so spicy beyond being edible. Our taste buds in North America are not adapted to that amount of hot chili oil in one spoonful. Oh well, on to the next dish. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen as a replacement hoping that the broth would soothe my burning tongue and lips. It arrived shortly after. At this point, I was over the entire meal but felt obligated to take a few spoonfuls of the ramen if only to be able to write about it on my blog. For $16 it was quite the disappointment. Overall, I was not impressed with the menu or the food. There was no originality and being from Vancouver I've definitely had better buns and ramen in my day. It has always been hard for me and other Vancouverites to find good Asian food outside of Vancouver- we are truly spoiled to have some of the best in Van City. But back to MoMofuku. I heard someone call it hipster food. And I would have to agree. There is nothing particularly amazing at this Noodle Bar. But the atmosphere is lively, the decor modern and simplistic and the food will definitely fill you up.
I now understand why I have heard about this place.  This was my first visit to Momofuku during a couple of days long visit to Manhatten.  We ate a late lunch there;  no waiting, great service.   Ordered: shitake bun, roasted cauliflower and ginger scallion noodles.   The stand out was the roasted cauliflower with pesto, boquerones, chili flake.  Frequently in the winter, I make a sauted cauliflower - anchovy pasta dish.  This roasted cauliflower with pesto would be a welcome variation.  I'm going to spend some time adapting this one at home. The dishes I ate all tasted like they were made from fresh ingredients just prepared.  Just like a home cooked meal, which is hard to find when you're a from-out-of-town tourist.
noodle bar beats ssam bar.
I am going to keep this review short and simple. This is the best ramen I've ever had in my life. I dream about it whenever I'm not in New York. The end.
There has been a lot (maybe too much) of hype about momofuku noodle bar, and that might be the reason why I felt pretty blase about the ramen I had. My friend and I had one bowl of momofuku ramen each, and I must say that while that was a tasty meal, it definitely isn't the best I've had. We also shared a plate of the pork buns. The pork buns were quite yummy - the meat was fatty, but I felt that there could have been more sauce. The lean parts of the meat were also a little too chewy for my taste. The noodles was alright - the noodles was fairly well-done, springy as they should be, but honestly the whole meal was pretty forgettable. The egg was done nicely, but I prefer the other style of ramen egg where the whites are hard and the eggs still soft and fairly runny. It's alright, but definitely overhyped and could be less pricey.
My first impression of this place was where is it?  The outside just has a long clear window that I didnt even notice the place.  But there was a lot of people walking in and out... Considering the amount of people in line, I was surprised that it only took about 10 mins or so to get seated as a party of three. We started with the special appetizer... Scallops, it was a nice combination of flavors; very refreshing.  We ordered the 'must have' pork buns, a take on Peking duck buns.  They were pretty sinful.. A thick piece of pork with a heavy layer of fat (dieters beware).  Flavor was pretty good but the lack of texture made each bite feel like a mushy ooze.  Personally I prefer Peking duck buns for the crispy skin and less layer of fat. For a noodle bar, there doesn't seem to be many choices.. Or a choice of personal customization.  We ordered the momofuku ramen, the spicy chicken ramen and the chilled spicy noodles. The spicy chicken ramen was mine and too salty.  The chilled spicy noodles were pretty good but packs a huge spicy kick.  I couldnt manage more than one bite.  Momofuku ramen was okay. All in all, i would come back for the pork buns and scallop special.
Finally checked this place out after hearing about David Chang and his Momofuku empire for so long. I dunno why this place is so hyped. Is it because the Midwest transplants and NYU kids don't know any better? PLEASE DON'T BUY INTO THE HYPE - you can get better ramen and noodles for half the price elsewhere! I tried the chicken and shitake steamed buns. The bun itself had the wrong consistency and zero taste, the chicken was incredibly salty and dry, and the shitake had a sweet tinge that was just... awkward. The cucumber slices did little to counteract the powerfully bad flavors of the rest of the buns. I also tried some of my friend's ginger scallion noodle (which comes with pork, but we got replaced with chicken instead)... which were underwhelming. They were just ordinary noodles; it seemed like the chef loaded them up on ginger and scallion to compensate for the lack of actual taste. Overall, I would probably only come back here for the fried chicken, because I'm Filipino and I effing love fried chicken. If you MUST eat here, get here at exactly 5:30 so that you don't have to wait in line for food that you probably won't like.
I consider myself a ramen geek, a total noodle nerd, so I'd been hearing about and wanting to eat at Momofuku for awhile now. Granted, it was a second choice to Ippudo on this particular night, home of the mind-blowingly divine bowl of ramen, and I'd heard Momofuku was overrated, but I was still curious. There was a 20 minute wait, which was obviously delightful compared to Ippudo's 2 hour wait. Inside, it was packed, and there was nowhere to put your bag except on the dirty floor. The chairs had no backs--bad move in a city where people walk blocks and blocks before getting to rest their tired tushes. The service was great, so we ordered right away and water glasses were constantly filled. We ordered the cheapest appetizer there; a trio of tamales (chicken mole, pork kim chi and jalapeno queso), all of which were boring. I ordered the Momofuku ramen (duh), and I did like it, but not enough for it be worth $16 at all. The broth and noodles were good, but nothing close to what I can get in Hawaii for $7.95. I liked the poached egg, nori, bamboo shoots and pulled pork-style chashu (delicious). The pork belly I could have done without--it was complete overkill. Skip this place for Ippudo (go at a super random time for no wait), and for some truly unique eats just head to Momofuku Milk Bar for their zany weird delicious awesome desserts. That's some Momofuku I can get behind.
I came in expecting great things, had never been at any of the Momofukus but had been wanting to for a long time. Wasn't disappointed. Arrived at 5:45 and already the restaurant was pretty full. Was seated at bar, which is always fun. Ordered the famous pork buns, which where quite delicious. Next had the seasonal oyster dish, which was underwhelming at best, but I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to oysters, so it's hard for me to judge. For main course I had the chilled spicy noodles, which were less chilled and spicy than the name might suggest. The waitress warned me and my boyfriend about just how spicy the noodles were, but they are entirely manageable and really a delight. The best part of this course was the roasted cashews mixed in with the noodles. The BEST part of the dinner though, was dessert. I'm usually not a fan of sweets, but the cream cheese sage soft serve may be the best ice cream I've ever tasted. This was more savory than sweet, which a cookie crumble bottom. We left around 7 and there was already a long line at the door. Plan to come back , had a great time.
The pungently porky Momofuku Ramen bowl is beautifully presented -- and its saltiness is indeed sating on a chilly evening.  Sadly, nothing else on the menu really warrants a visit.
Ive been recommending the shit outta this place yet still haven't written a review.Im getting lazy in my dotage.......We went here in June for our last meal in NYC before flying back to SF with my 14 year old niece in tow. She has arbitrary food rules and since Im no gastronomical giant myself,it became a bit of a hardship to make decisions on where to eat.Originally we were going to walk the Brooklyn Bridge and eat at Vinegar Hill House, but it was raining and both Jovanie and Emily have an aversion to being the slightest bit wet. So i dug an umbrella out of a garbage bin for Emily and off we went to Momofuku Noodle Bar. When we got there, the pregnant hostess barely gave us a cursory glance and really seemed to not know that she was,in fact, the hostess, and part of that job,is to greet and seat people. She didnt seem to like this part of her job.The only part of her job that she seemed to like was talking to the other employees and the one customer who came in to get something to go. Maybe she thought that it should only be to go orders ..... I digress..... She walked away from us with menus in hand which was the only way i even thought  she might know that we wanted to eat and when she looked at us impatiently still standing near the door and gave us an aggravated look , we knew we were getting seated. I would like to say that even though i gave this place a five star and im complaining about the service at the beginning, i will state that nyc has, by far, some of the crappiest service ive ever encountered. So by this point, it didnt even phase me one bit. Im just pointing it out in case someone in the future allows it to deter them from sticking it out for the food.Ignore her.The food will compensate for her ridiculousness. The only way someone should act like that and be 8 months pregnant and hosting is if i was the one who got her pregnant. Onto the food. We had the pork buns, which are just as heavenly as everyone says they are. AND i dont even like them and they are delicious. Emily ordered the ginger scallion ramen with a hard boiled quail egg. Let me say, although this was the least exciting thing i saw on the menu,it was one of the most flavorful things i have ever eaten.Jovanie got the pork belly ramen and LOVED it. We also got the chicken wings which were also mind blowing.I got the spicy chicken ramen which was delicious and i also got a bavette steak with a side of buerre blanc potatoes. This was the least satisfying thing i ordered.It was good, but nowhere near as amazing as everything else we had ordered. Also,it was a VERY small portion ,which was oddly contrasted by the monster portions of everything else that was on our table. It was basically an afterthought of our experience,but i would go eat there every day. The food is super affordable and one of the best meals ive ever had. Our waiter that we started off with was pretty nice and then switched to a nice but shy woman in the middle of the meal.Again, the service here is not worth mentioning. We didn't get dessert because i insisted on going to Momofuku Milk Bar 2 blocks away. If you are in Manhattan, make this a must eat place.You wont be disappointed,unless,of course, you're dead.
walked in for lunch during a one day trip to nyc.  i had been told to dine here by two of my foodie friends...neither had been, but assured me my world would be rocked.   i was sort of on an eating and drinking tour, so i couldn't order much--but i got the momofuku ramen and a lone star beer....first off, the place is super affordable (my bill including tip was $25) and the portion on the ramen was huge.  beautiful pile of noodles swimming in a slightly spiced salty broth with braised pork shoulder (so tender) pork belly (my current fave on the pork front) and a perfectly poached egg.  finely chopped scallions and what i think was lotus root added to the texture and flavor. space was pretty--reminded me of avec in chicago.  i like dining at bars, so that was pleasant.  the only reason that fifth star didn't get awarded?  the service was not stellar....they were nice i suppose, but no one set me up with chopsticks or a napkin or anything, it was kind of diy.  i still tipped my standard 20%, because no one really offended me or anything...but maybe they could have been a little more hands on.  and of course, sometimes the single diner doesn't get the same caliber of service as a group. i would DEFINITELY go back and order more stuff....next time i'm in nyc i'll be looking for a spot at the bar!
This place deserves 2 stars for so many different reasons! 5 dollar mexican cokes - I can get them for 80 cents wholesale and the general idea is you make 2 to 3 bucks off of a drink in nyc.  But if you can actually get stupid people to buy them, then i can't knock the hustle! All the drinks are overpriced! Hell Everything is pretty much overpriced! The only thing that I thought wasn't overpriced were the potato chips (7 spice) So we started out by ordering the spicy chips and some warm sake.  The chips were actually pretty good, and the sake needed to be warmer - like the way the nihonjin like it.  Then we got the pork buns which I know they really pride themselves on and i must admit that it was pretty damn good....like 4 stars good.  My wife really wanted them to have a crispy edge to them, but i told her that this is the way they make them.  Anyways, up to that point the meal was a solid 3.5 stars, service was good, but the value wasn't there.  And you know what ground my gears - NO ORION BEER!!!!  That was a huge mistake taking it off the menu.   Then I ordered the momofuku ramen (i'll have to say that i ate the momofuku ramen about 5 years ago) and i am still disappointed with pretty much everything!: Let's start with the broth - just bland, flavorless, no body, was it made from concentrated tablets?  It actually would've tasted better with the ready stock tablets.  Anyways, a terrible disappointment.  Then the noodles really did look and taste like they were straight out of the packaged 20 cent ramen plastic packages.  This place is really yanking my chain...straight up HUSTLING ME!  Then we go to a poached egg which was ok, different from your standard ramen.  I'm not a fan of the dried nori (seaweed) either but that's my personal choice.  And then we have the pork, once again not your standard type, for this I'm pretty sure they put this type of pork belly for the very reason that it's easier having this pork belly and use it for the pork buns as well, same reason mcdonalds uses the chicken strips for the chicken strips meal or a tortilla wrapped concoction.  Oh yea i went there, you just got compared to mickey d's!   Sadly this is what really brought your rating and ramen down, or is it the lack of focus and the general issue of becoming too big too fast.  Whatever it may be, I feel like this empire might not end quickly, and that's a sad thought since there are much better executed ramen shops owned by real Japanese experts.  My hat goes off for trying but the Americans that mainly eat here are fooled into thinking that this is good food.  And for Ramen, authenticity matters......Fusions should come naturally, not forced, it's like rape when it's forced.  And no one likes that!
Moving along with our list of must try ramen spots in the city, my girlfriend and I hit up Momofuku for dinner last week. When we got here around 7pm the place was already crowded. We were told the wait would be about 45 minutes but realistically it was a little over an hour for the wait. The good thing is they'll take down your phone number and call you when it's your turn so you can leave to wait elsewhere. To start, we ordered the 7 Spice Chips and the Pork Buns. The chips were good but I guess I was expecting something different. It wasn't that much more different than buffalo flavored chips. The Pork Buns were clearly the show stealer. I've never had pork buns with such thick slices of pork belly.  They just had the perfect fat to meat ratio. Succulent? Check! Delicious? Check! Next we had our ramen. We ordered the Ginger Scallion Noodles and the Momofuku Ramen. The Ginger Scallion Noodles are a soupless, mazamen style ramen. It would have been better in my opinion without the pickled shitake mushrooms. Their shitake's natural flavor would have paired much with the noodles. The Momofuku Ramen was much better of the two.  The broth had a strong smoky flavor and the poached egg was perfectly done. Although parts of this meal were good, I can't see myself making the long wait again. There are other options in the immediate area that definitely don't require me to starve to death first.
Get the noodles! we didn't realize the noodles were such big portions, so we got a bunch of buns; which ended up costing a lot. I wish they'd do 3 buns instead of 4. That way you at least fight over the last one or end up ordering another so you get 6! Anyway, make sure to come here early as it gets packed. Get some buns, preferably the briskey; and then some noodles to wash it all down.
New Yorkers must not have good ramen options, because the Momofuku and spicy chicken ramen here are Definitely not something I'd stand in line for. If you want Real ramen in the country, venture out to the West coast or Hawaii. The broth here was lame and noodle texture mediocre. The 3 stars are for the awesome pork buns and the perfectly poached egg in the ramen. I'd skip the Noodle bar and go straight to Ssam bar.
Came here on my visit to NYC. I was out and about town by myself (the rest of our group had their own little agendas), wondering what I should eat for dinner. I've already had ramen at Ippudo, but I've also heard that Momofuku has a solid bowl of ramen, so I decided to make my trip there from Columbus Circle. Luckily, as I was all by myself, I was able to snag a seat right away at the counter while there were a few other parties waiting for their tables. I already knew what I wanted, so I ordered right away, got my food, paid the bill, and out the door in less than 30 minutes. Eating alone ain't that bad, right? The ramen. I must say it was one of the best bowls of ramen I had in the US. I'm Japanese, I should know my ramen. Living in LA, I have a ton of ramen options to choose from, and as I've mentioned above, I've been to Ippudo as well. Well, Momofuku has a more traditional, clear broth, opposed to the trend of thicker, tonkotsu broth found at Ippudo, Santoka, and the likes. It's a little hard to compare, say, Momofuku vs. Ippudo, as they're almost two different things. But from the egg being "hanjuku", the pork awesomeness, the hardness of the noodle... it all matched well with each other. Whenever my next NY trip may be, I wouldn't mind making another trip to Momofuku. Maybe I'll have someone with me next time, and I'll wait a while for a table to open up - but that also means I get to try more menu items so I can live with that.
Finally tried Momofuku, mostly expecting to be disappointed by the hype. I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. It probably helps that it was a cold and windy day and the thought of a big bowl of hot ramen nearly made me cry. We arrived shortly after they opened so there was no wait for a table. Hooray! Our server was a super friendly guy and served us up some delicious pork buns and ramen. I was really tempted to order a lot of other things on the menu too but held back. The ramen was really tasty but a tad bit salty for me, which is a little crazy because I'm a salt whore. That said, I still devoured it, so maybe I needed a fix.
This placed has ruined both ramen an buns for me. Every bowl of ramen and every ramen I've eaten are now measured against the noodle bar standard. Delicious to the extreme.
friends, americans, yelpmen, lend me your ears; i come to bury momofuku noodle bar, not praise it. the evil that restaurants do lives after them. so let it be with momofuku noodle bar. ......... right. so i may or may not be fresh off of shakespeare in the park. please forgive me. on to momofuku noodle bar. atmosphere/service: considering we waited like 30 minutes to get in, not the greatest. communal tables generally arn't my steeze (as i'm not naturally inclined to talk to strangers). service was average, nothing to write home about. the pork buns: i won't lie, they're pretty good. as a foodie who's read a hundred times about how toe clenchingly orgasmic their pork buns are, i pessimistically expected a massive let down. thankfully that it didn't happen. that said, i have had equally tasty buns elsewhere. the ramen: the momofuku ramen is just ok, i mean its not bad but ive definatly had more flavorful bowls ramen ove... wait what? 16 bucks for ramen noodles!? noooo, haha nice try... come on out ashton, i see you under there beiber! sorry guys the jig is up...   ...so you're seriously not joking here are you, you're really gonna go through with this... unbelievable. i'm still having trouble believing that i forked over a grant for two bowls of ramen and two pork buns. value for money wise; not even remotely close to 'worth it'. even if one isn't being fiscally prudent, the meal was average. definitely not deserving of the prolonged hype. no praise for momofuku here.
It really was just OK.  Pork buns were good but overpriced.  The pork belly was cooked very well but the whole package wasn't impressive to me.  7 spice chips were ok.  Momofuku ramen ok.  Ginger scallion noodles ok (note this is a cold dish with no broth, noodles only).  The ginger scallion noodles were significantly better than the Momofuku ramen.  We didn't have to wait too long to get seated.  The tables are communal benches so chances are high that you will get seated with some strangers.  Overall:  An OK experience and it was worth seeing what the hype was about.
i normally don't like to add reviews for places with hundreds of reviews already, but i just had their sweet potatoe/pie crust soft serve with toasted marshmallows--it was AWESOME.   if you can make it in this fall, do not skimp out on the dessert!
Had the pork buns and raman (spicey miso).  Both were great.  We got there before 5 and so there wasn't any wait, yay!  The service was quick.  I tasted my daughters Momofuko raman and I'd wished I'd ordered that.  It had a great smokey flavor.  I would definitely come back.
30% About average ramen and not so great service. *** Came here around Sep '13 for late night dining and got to try their ramen.   Although there were some interesting differences that set the ramen apart, I didn't find it was something I enjoyed too much, although by no means terrible.  I'll organize my review into different categories of interest, including the food, value, service, and ambiance. The food I sampled at Momofuku Noodle Bar was limited, so I don't think its fair to say its reflective of what the restaurant offers.  Nonetheless, I can only say the dish I tried wasn't something I'd be interested to try again anytime in the near future. momofuku ramen - pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg.  Approx $15 (dish rating 40%). PIC of ramen; yelp.com/biz_photos/momo… I thought this was an average dish.  It wasn't something I enjoyed, but it wasn't poor either.  Some things about this soup noodles dish worked.  Some things did not.   Temperature of the dish was about average.  The broth was closer to warm than piping hot.  Its a preference of mine that I enjoy hotter broths, so this was one of the main shortcomings for me.  Nonetheless, it wasn't so far off that it'd be something I'd return to the kitchen. The flavors of the noodle dish was about average to me.  What appeared to be the most aggressive flavor for me was also the broth.  On my first sip, I did enjoy it.  I noticed a prominent smokiness, and saltiness.  This was cool in that it was different, or at least it wasn't a ramen broth flavor I've tried as of yet.  Nonetheless, it didn't work for me.  Although they are not harsh, the sensation become gradually more tedious.  The flavor of the pork appeared more muted than I'd like.  While I don't usually enjoy a dish with aggressive pork flavor, I found that the meat wasn't quite as sweet as I like.  It was mostly texture, although very good texture. The texture worked well.  I found that the pork was tender without falling apart.  The meat was perhaps a tad more lean than I'd like, but it was a pleasure to bite through.  The shredded pork blended in seamlessly with the ramen noodles.  The thicker piece of pork, perhaps pork belly, melted like butter in my mouth with a few chews, yet held firm in the bowl.  The amount of pork given is thankfully generous.  I didn't find myself being wanting more pork like most ramen places.  The noodles have a nice soft chewiness too them. Overall portion size seems more or less in par with other ramen shops.  It's not the most filling dish by itself for heartier diners, but it neither are most ramen alternatives.  It worked well enough for a midnight snack.   Value is below average for what you get.  $15 isn't expensive per say, but it seems 50% more expensive than what most ramen places charge.  Its a premium I find difficult to justify.  Nonetheless, I wouldn't go so far as to call it a ripoff.  Although I didn't enjoy the ramen here so much, I can't deny the execution was good.  It seemed like the ramen's character was intentional.  I don't think any of the ingredients were skimped in quality or quantity. Service was poor.  The only positive was that the ramen arrived within ten minutes or less of ordering.  Otherwise the server I had appeared irritable and reluctant.  It reminded me of Ko but without any professionalism.  It wasn't a comfortable experience and one that bordered on offensive. Ambiance was comfortable.  By the time I dined there, it wasn't as busy as usual.  Sitting by the counter, I found the seats a tad hard but not uncomfortable for the half hour duration or so I was there.  Lighting is a tad harsher than I'd prefer, but certainly not enough to be distracting. Overall, my dinner at Noodle Bar was about average.  I would like to try other dishes they offer, although maybe not anytime soon.  I would soon rather return to Ssam Bar with a much more friendly staff and a menu that appeals more to me, even if at a higher price point.
I'd heard a lot about Momofuku so I was excited to go there when the randomly chance came up when I was in town last week. I'm not sure if I was just so exhausted that I could barely taste the food, or if it was really just that bland, but I got the ginger scallion noodles and barely ate 1/3 of it before I got tired of it. It was too dry and wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. And certainly not worth the money. My friends seemed to like the pork buns and fried chicken though (I eat neither of those meats). And I guess using locally-sourced ingredients was a plus as well.
Damn.. I don't know what to say about this place.. I mean. Yeah..its hyped up chinese food.. So what? Maybe it was the 1hr wait to get in... or maybe they lace their food with MSG and crack.. haha.. Can't lie.. The pork buns were on another level of taste and flavor.. The bun was soft and creamy.. and the pork belly... juicy, and well-seasoned.. This place definitely had the NYC vibe and why did me n wifey actually go back the next day.. (damn.. it was packed at 1230, and it opened at 1200!!)
Came here right around 6pm on a Friday and there was no wait whatsover and we went straight to sit at the bar. I thought the famous steamed pork buns were just ook.  It was nothing too spectacular for me.  You really can't go wrong with pork belly to begin with though. The momofuku ramen was decent. With all the hype, I was honestly a bit underwhelmed. Meh.
Honestly, I think this place is talked up to the nines.  However, I haven't tried Momofuko Ko or Ma Peche yet, so I can't judge too much. Just based on Momofuko's ramen, I wasn't too impressed. I thought the broth was fishy  tasting and they only really have two, very simple and basic options - momofuko ramen, your pork belly and shoulder with an egg, or the brisket ramen, which also came with an egg and some scallions.   I definitely want to come back when I have a little bit more time to try the fried chicken dinner, which I've only heard wonderful things about.  I guess I'd give this place another try for their ramen as well, but first things first! Up next: Fried Chicken.
if you do wait in line for this place, here are some things to keep in mind, first-timers!!! 1. DO come together in a group and make sure you put your name down. They do not have a reservation system so its a first-come first served mentality, get my drift?! 2. DO opt to sit towards the front of the bar- the farther the back you are, the more crowded it will get 3. DO get the soju creamsicle- its soooo GOOD and delicious. Make sure to get it in their largest size tho to fully appreciate this drink. On to the food, here are the things to keep in mind, if you are going to compare this place to other authentic Asian restaurants, please don't. This restaurant isnt marketed as authentic asian food and it shouldn't be.  This place is an Asian fusion with creative takes on the food. If you want to get real pork buns or  real ramen (the kinds you experienced in Asia, this aint your place), but think of it as your guilty asian comfort food, ya hear? 4. DO  get pork buns- they drench that shit in hosin sauce and they serve you the fatty pork= bad for your heart but great for your mouth. 5. DO get the momofuku ramen- its yummy and delicious everytime. noodles so fresh, it melts in your mouth like motherfucking butter 6. Do try the fingerling potatoes with boniko flakes and poached egg. 7. Do try any of their desserts because its worth it.
It's a cool place with a good atmosphere, but the ramen just doesn't really hold up. We came here on a whim and were seated relatively quickly. I liked that the place was supposed to be haute cuisine, but was affordable, and the "first come first serve" seating was democratic. The pork buns were pretty damn good, the pickle jar and spicy rice cakes were adequate. The ramen was lacking. The broth was OK, the noodles were OK--everything was OK, but I kind of expected more. I probably won't be going back, but it was an OK kind of place.
This place was packed at 3 pm on labor day, but luckily they had 2 open seats at the bar. Service was great, the food wasn't too bad, but atleast now I can cross this place off my list. First the pork buns. These were deliciously cooked, but under seasoned. Two gorgeous fatty slabs of pork belly on two fluffy manto style buns with some scallions and sauce thrown on it. The pork belly was juicy, fatty, and delicious. Too bad it was a bit bland. Once you throw on some of the red sauce in the bottle, sriracha i think, it becomes perfect. The sriracha was just the perfect amount of seasoning and kick to make this ideal . J and I each ordered the momofuku style ramen beacuse it was both our first times, and you know, when you pop the restaurant cherry you definitely want to go with the house special that has the house name on it. With just barely any time to rest after the pork buns, the two giant bowls of noodles came out. The bowls were giant. The stuff in it wasn't as much. It was filling, but the bowls were over sized and made it seem like less food than it really was. Anyway, the noodles were a perfect ramen al dente, the single slab of pork belly was just as fatty and delicious as the pork bun, the shedded pork was pretty good too, but the broth... was too salty. I usually order the shoyu, soy flavored, broth at other ramen places, but this was too much for me. I'm not sure what type of broth it was, it didn't say on the menu, but it was probably the salty base. Either way, I couldn't really drink it. I ate the noodles and finished the bowl, but left the broth there, all sad and lonely and salty. All in all, a pretty good experience. The wait staff was great, but the salty broth hurt my exp. Probably wouldn't go back considering the prices of the place and the abundance of competing ramen spots around the city within walking distance.
Momofuku yummy
wow! how do you do that with ramen.  the noodles are almost firm and not over cooked or mushy, the meat is tender, the egg is poached and perfect, some other fresh herbs are added in.  for $16 a bowl is pretty expensive for ramen but it is pretty much close to perfection as far as ramen goes. the wait is the major downfall.  they don't take reservations and we got there just before 6 with already an hour wait. crazy.
What to add to the two thousand reviews of this place? I've been here a few times and it is definitely more fun to sit at the food bar and watch the chefs prep the noodle dishes than to sit on the short stools at the tables and constantly get people from the table behind kneeing you in the back as they climb in and out. Seating is waaaaay too tight and these are lean hipsters! Last Friday the five of us arrived at the height of dinner service and were pleasantly surprised that the wait ended up only about 10 minutes for our own table. We tried quite a few menu items. Pork buns go without saying. Huge chucks of lean roast pork! Consensus on the best item of the night:  Pig tails with pickled Asian pear, chili and scallion. So nice with contradicting flavors complimenting each other. Try it if it isn't sold out and your date doesn't feel too icky about eating real pig tails. Second/Third best items: Vegetable Ramen Special with Grana Padano cheese (cheese in ramen!), smoked tomato and delicious oyster mushrooms. Brussels Sprouts with coconut, peanuts, pom seeds and Thai basil were gone pretty quick too. Forgettable:  Shiitake Buns - too bland, even with the hoisin sauce and cucumber slice. Way Spicy:  Chilled Spicy Noodles with Sichuan sausage, spinach and cashews. Really, I couldn't taste much because the hot sauce was so overbearingly hot. We were sweating and some got hiccups and coughing fits! Luckily the pickled Asian pear from the Pig tails and lots of water helped soothe hot mouths. You've been warned. Service was hit and miss. It seemed to take a long time between requesting water to receiving refills. Possibly it felt that way because we needed water fast due to the spicy noodles LOL. I'm not sure this place lives up to the hype. Luckily there are a lot ramen places nearby to check out.
One star for not having to wait for a table the night we came.   Overhyped. Pork Belly Buns - Expected a lot more creativity.  There was nothing special about it.  It tastes like a Peking duck bun from a typical Chinese restaurant (but with a fatty a** piece of pork belly).  Heart Attack. Duck Rice Noodle - Good flavors, but saw the chef over salt it with one too many pinches of salt. Ramen - Noodles itself was cooked perfectly.  But my taste buds were not a fan of the smokey pulled pork in the ramen.  The egg was the most disappointing, the egg yolk was cold!  Disgusting (And I love EGGS!).   We sat at the counter and got to see the kitchen staff do their thing.  If the staff SLOWED down, maybe they could churn out some better quality food.
When I found out that Momofuku had started special fried chicken dinners for $100, I just about lost it. $100 for fried chicken?! are you insane?! But then I found out it was not per person but for the whole meal which fed between 4-8 people. And then I found it was for 2 birds plus other freebies. And gradually, my outrage melted into curiosity and then lust. Few foods make me happier than fried chicken, and I needed to try David Chang's version. Luckily, I didn't have to go through the agony of the 10am clickfest of the Momofuku reservation system. Instead my friend did, and when I got the invite, I felt like Charlie getting one of Willy Wonka's golden tickets. The 5 of us were immediately led to a table unlike all the other tables; our table was covered in thick brown paper as if they already anticipated the dinner would get messy. After a 20-minute wait for cooking time, out came a huge plate of 20-25 pieces of fried chicken, half "southern" style and the other half "korean" style. And then came the untraditional part...a basket full of lettuce, carrots, radishes, and herbs, a container of moo shu pancakes, and four different sauces. No biscuits or no mashed potatoes. At first, I dug into the chicken and ignored the sides. The Korean style reminded me of a less spicy version of the BonChon kind, but juicier. And the southern style made with old bay was my favorite. It was crusty and crunchy and after a while, I stopped thinking of blue crabs and trained my brain to think about how good old bay could be with chicken.   But as I saw others at my table using the untraditional sides, I caved in and began wrapping pieces of the chicken ssam style with the lettuce, pancakes, and sauces. And I liked it, especially with the ginger scallion sauce. With these "healthier" sides, my conscience temporarily suspended itself, and four big pieces later, the addiction finally wore off. Others at my table had eaten 6 or 7 pieces. For a reasonable $20pp (less if there are more people in your party),  David Chang's fried chicken concept made me believe that lettuce and moo shu pancakes can go next to biscuits and mashed potatoes as comforting sides for fried chicken. I still walked out full but feeling a little healthier than usual.
I really can't believe I spent 45 minutes waiting for this. I've been on a noodle trip for some time, and have pretty much had most of the big ramen dishes in the village and midtown. I came here with such high expectations, but walked away wishing that I had opted for anything else. I understand that this is a scene spot, and that I have to take that into account. But that just did not add to my dining experience. We waited for about 45 mins for a seat at the bar. Which was not all that enjoyable since there were dozens of other people doing the same. Once seated the service is VERY fast, which is a good thing. The pork buns really were amazing, I loved the pork belly and how the fatty texture played against the crisp cucumber. The octopus dish was good for the octopus, the sauce and the fruit I coulda done without, and the sausage was just ok. The ramen were pretty disappointing. The broth just tasted too smokey and salty. It just didn't do anything for me. East Noodle was way better, even though no one else seems to agree with me.
One of my all time favorite restaurants in the city. Always a line, but the flavors are so good it worth the wait. Pork buns are delectable and noodles are toothsome. Go and get some!
One of my favorite noodle bars. Too bad for their super small noodle menu, if it had a bigger variety it would be great. But I guess that's what people love about this place, the simplicity. Awesome shrimp buns (I prefer this over their pork buns any day, their pork is a bit too oily for me). Really cool specials sometimes. I had their house cured coppa before and it was an awesome plated charcuterie dish. Super friendly staff. If you are a real "foodie" you can try to sit at the chefs counter and see all the actions with your own eyes. Be sure to come a bit earlier for lunch rush hour and dinner. It gets crowded, fast.
Love love love it here!!! The ginger scallion noodles and the shiitake buns are HANDS DOWN THE BEST!! I have dreams about the shiitake buns, THATS HOW GOOD THEY ARE! The line can get very ridiculous! Tip: if you're not going when it opens, go as a party of three, they have assigned spaces for parties of three and it's much faster to get seated than as a party of two or four. The only reason I took off a star is for the price. $9 for two buns and $12 for the ginger scallion noodles....yes they are delicious but the reality is that it's still a bowl of noodles.
Pork buns were the highlight, ramen was good but pig overload, corn was great but the portion was small.
The first time I ate here was about two years ago, before I had heard anything about it--so I approached with an open mind, empty belly, and vegetarian girlfriend (we were thinking 'noodle bar...gotta have good veggie options').  I left disappointed with a  hungry vegetarian girlfriend.   The simple decor was a plus--it reminded me of some of the best 'off the beaten path' restaurants I've ever been too.  Then came the food.  Went with pork buns (for me) and Ramen for my entree. There was only one edible vegetarian option on the menu, so the gf was limited in options (can't blame the restaurant for that...just stating the facts).  My pork buns were impressive--the Ramen was salty and reminded me of a worse version of the Ramen that got me through late night college study sessions (only $15.50 more expensive). I went back again after all the hype just to reassess (mostly because most of my friends LOVE this place)...and it still sucks.  If you want good noodles, head to Chinatown, Koreatown, or any number of good Pho places in town.  If you want to wait an hour or so for an overpriced bowel of sodium, you are definetely headed in the right direction.
ehh..my family and I randomly discovered Momofuku Noodle Bar on a cold winter day when we parked our car along 1st avenue. We had no idea why the place was so packed  (there was no line, but there was a huuuge line when we left) or why the bowls of noodles cost $16 (was not a fan of the berkshire pork or salty veggies). Maybe I just never hopped on the overpriced ramen bandwagon or I need to try the pork buns.
After watching a full episode about Ramen on David Chang's The Mind of a Chef I could totally relate to his "ramen obsession." After seeing the chef talk about all the details that make a great broth and the specifics of the pork, I was dreaming about going to Momofuku Noodle Bar to see his expertise in practice. The place itself is really cool and you can see the kitchen and people preparing your food, which is great. I always applaud restaurants that show their "most intimate part." And how about the ramen? My honest opinion is that Momofuku's ramen is really good, but not sensational. Maybe my expectations were too high... not sure. The broth, noodles and pork are pretty good, but overall, it didn't cause a huge impact. Let's say I wouldn't go there again in a next trip to NYC. Oh, I also had the soy sauce egg, and it was delicious.
I had Momofuku on my 'definite list of places to try next time I am in NYC' so was looking forward to it. I read about the long waits and popularity so decided to try on a Sunday evening during the Super Bowl and arrive at opening time. At 5.25pm there was already an expectant line of about 10 people so joined. At 5:30 the doors opened and we charged in. I was seated right away at the counter, a good spot. The menu is really appealing and a sort of fusiony 'Asian' with a touch of new American provenance. The interior is quite bright, sort of Scandinavian blond wood tables, counters and chairs with casual but on the ball staff and pumping indie rock music with the dial turned to loud. They had two specials of ribs on the menu so chose the rib tips with lemongrass. Ordered the Momofuku  ramen.  The ribs came quickly which was good. Dark smoky sticky flavour but couldn't taste any lemongrass and the meat could have been more fall of the bone tender. The bowl of ramen was a good generous portion (like that),  and looked great but have to say was fairly average on flavour and satisfaction. In particular the soup stock was a bit one dimensional. Mine wasn't too salty as other reviewers noted but just lacking depth and the egg was too much on the raw side so just became gooey in the noodles. The desert was an unexpected highlight for me. Soft serve peanut butter ice cream with salty bits (did it say Ritz crackers?) and some jelly hidden inside. Served in a small cup but perfect and good. Overall enjoyable but wouldn't go back and wait in a long line for the privilege.
I cannot believe that Morimoto actually chose Momofuku as the number one ramen place in New York City recently.  This place is awful and let me tell you why, in list format (my favorite format!): 1.  The broth was way too salty. 2.  Other than salt, there was no flavor to the broth. 3.  The broth also lacked texture. 4.  The noodles were not very springy. 5.  The pork in the soup wasn't as tender as it ought to be. 6.  One of the waiters rolled his eyes when we asked for another plate for my baby nephew.  Listen, hipster scum, don't roll your eyes at my nephew.   7.  The pork buns were plain and boring. 8.  There's no place to put your coat on a cold day except the FLOOR. I'm going to stop there in terms of the list.  Basically, you can go to your standard Japanese restaurant and order a bowl of ramen that they happen to serve and it'll be better than Momofuku's ramen.  I think these ramen chefs need to take a lesson from Ippudo or Minca's chefs or at least watch the movie Tampopo.
I was not impressed. Perhaps it was due to our arrival at 12:45AM on Saturday to try their late night menu? I don't know what it was, but it wasn't as delicious as I had hoped. Would it taste better if we had gone and waited a while before being seated during the day time instead? There was no wait, we were the only group in there, other than a girl at the bar and a couple sitting in the back. Momofuku offers a few of their select favorites for the late night menu. Our group of six ordered some pork buns and two bowls of their momofuku ramen with pork belly and shoulder. Pork buns were just okay. The buns itself had nearly broken in half by the time it reached our table, so it wasn't as soft as I liked, kinda hard, actually... But the pork belly was good and I liked the hoisin sauce used. The ramen... for $16 per bowl... Was awful. The soup itself didn't have much flavor, nor was it even close to being lukewarm. What the hell? I don't want barely warm soup?! The noodles were decent but the soup being almost cold killed it for us. We asked for hot sauce, which I'm 99% sure is just siracha disguised in a nice looking bottle. I've been to ramen places where they make their own hot sauce so again, another disappointment. It just... wasn't good. Service wasn't great either. I know it's late and everyone wants to go home but damn homie, a smile isn't going to kill you. Ended up going to Baohaus afterward since Momofuku just didn't do it for any of us.
Pretty overrated. 1: Super long wait. 2: Filled with douchey-looking people who just want to be trendy. 3: Ramen just not very good. 4: Overpriced. The "pork buns" were the best part of the meal, but even those are too expensive for what you get.
Too salty!!  I've heard so many good things about this place that I was psyched to be there, but in the end I was pretty disappointed because the food wasn't sensational. Everything was over seasoned to the point of being so salty I didn't want to eat it. Highlights were the soy eggs and steamed shitake buns. The ramen chicken was ok, but I think Naruto Ramen on the UES is way better. Wait staff were great and really helpful. We were sitting at the bar in front of the kitchen - very cool to see what's going on, but the head chef was so nasty - not sure why they have an open kitchen if the kitchen staff is annoyed you're there...
I waited 40 minutes to see what the hype surrounding Momofuku Noodle Bar was all about and it did not deliver. The ramen itself had a strange texture and comes with very little broth, which screws over the whole ramen experience. The only thing I liked about the momofuku ramen was the pork itself, flavorful and not too fatty. The stand out item was the soy sauce egg, kind of sad no?
This place has the most yelp reviews out of any of the momofuku places so I thought I'd try it our first. (well first savory food since I've had the pleasure of their crack pie before) Anyways we came at an odd time - probably around 3 in the afternoon and was able to procure two seats at the kitchen bar. It's not a very big place so all the tables were pretty much taken and it would definitely be difficult for large groups. Anyways sitting at the kitchen bar we were able to observe a lot of what the chefs do in the open air kitchen. One is in charge of mainly the buns, one does the salads, appetizers and mise en place, one cooks the noodles and one does sauces I think. They also had a runner who yelled out the orders and helped out in the kitchen when necessary. And this guy who looked the owner that put the final piece of seaweed in the noodles and handed the bowls off to the waiters. The guy who cooked the noodles and put the bowls together is def the hardest working. The guy who did the sauces looked like he had the easiest jobs just cooking and tasting things. Anyways things that were cool about sitting at the kitchen bar were being able to watch the staff do their thing and the hooks under the bar to hang your purse. I didn't like that the waiter has to serve you from the back and that the stools didn't have backs. Well, all the chairs in the places were like stools with no back support. On to the food - we got the momofuku ramen and the ginger scallion ramen. The ramen was good but worth the hype and price and (sometimes) wait. Probably not - I wasn't blown away. I enjoyed it - perfect portion size, lots of ingredients, liked the seaweed touch, and good combination of flavors. Tried a bit of my friend's ginger scallion and it wasn't spicy so that was good for me but a bit too much of the pickled mushrooms. Too bad we weren't that hungry because I missed out on the pork buns. Though they looked good I wasn't too excited to have them after trying Ippudo's pork buns. Might have to try some of David Chang's other savory restaurants.
Ah, Momofuku.  Hearing those five magical syllables never fails to evoke the classic Pavlovian response [yes, I am currently salivating].  Running the risk of drooling all over myself/ruining my shirt, I will try to give as objective a review as possible to help out those who have yet to experience the lucky peach.   The Food: I have eaten at noodle bar multiple times and sampled various menu offerings and can definitely say that the food does live up to all the hype. I will focus on the two most reviewed items: the pork buns and the ramen (even though i will take this opportunity to let you know that the Chilled Spicy noodles are amazing and becoming a new favourite).  Ok, about the pork buns.  I agree with most other reviewers in that they are f'in awesome.  Ordering a set of buns & a large Orion has become a knee-jerk reflex that never fails to please. Now on to the ramen.  The sheer amount of pork in the bowl is outstanding and all the other players are done perfectly (menma, egg). And sure, its a tad salty, but what good bowel of ramen isn't? [not that salty when compared other hyped ramen spots in the city (ex: Ippudo)].  Its not THE BEST bowl of ramen (I spent some time in Japan) but its pretty darn tasty and well executed.   Everything Else: the restaurant space itself is clean and simple: a few large tables (which can be shared, ie communal seating) and the bar.  The wait staff are friendly and attentive - there when you need them and, well, not there when you don't.  Good beer/wine/sake/soju offerings. As for value, sure, its a little on the pricier side for ramen but, again, not so much if you compare it to other trendy ramen joints around.
I had only the pork buns, an interesting cauliflower/octopus/pesto small plate, and a beer; but I can tell I'm going to have to visit these Momofuku restaurants again and again (as soon I find another reason to come over to NYC from California, that is). The pork buns are wonderfully moist and flavorful, and the cauliflower small plate was an interesting counterpoint. The menu is pretty inspired, and I wish I had more time to stick around and try everything. The interior design is clean, simple, and on point. Reporting from the bar, the service is excellent.
On an ice cold winter night, I was on the hunt for either some noodle soup or shabu shabu. Sadly, Shabu Tatsu had a 1.5hr wait that night, so with a blink of an eye, I decided it was Momofuku Noodle Bar I go. On a Friday night, I only had to wait a surprising 30 minutes to get seated. 30 minutes can get pretty boring, but luckily there is a bar around the corner. Tangents aside, Momofuku Noodle Bar has alright ramen, but their pork buns are the star of the show here. The noodle bar itself is pretty spacious. There is plenty of bar seating, as well as a good number of tables for patrons. Turnaround time is pretty quick here, as even for a packed Friday night, the wait was roughly only 30 minutes in comparison to Totto and Ippudo. Here at Momofuku Noodle bar, the menu is concise. There are a couple of choices in regards to ramen, and the same goes for their appetizers. Simple but sweet must be their motto. I decided to opt for the pork buns and the spicy miso ramen. For $10, you get 2 pork buns, but each bun comes stacked with two large pieces of pork. Taste-wise, the pork is pretty tender, but in comparison to Ippudo's pork buns, I'd still take those over these. Nonetheless, that's not to say that these pork buns aren't damn tasty. As far as the ramen goes, each bowl is right around $15. The spicy miso ramen came with an amazing soft boiled egg. This egg was hands down the best ingredient to the ramen, as it literally melts in your mouth. Also inside, were a decent amount of chunks of pork, misc veggies, and a larger than usual portion of noodles. That all sounds pretty amazing right? Well, what kind of brought it all crashing down was the broth. Now I can handle a decent amount of salt, with bowls of shoyu and shio based broths, but the spicy miso ramen at Momofuku is really salty. That salty broth alone makes me a little hesitant to try their ramen again, but in time I'll give this place another go around. Momofuku Noodle Bar is a pretty decent option if you're looking for a bowl of noodles without waiting in line for an hour. The pork buns are pretty good, but the broth of the spicy miso ramen is just a tad overly salty for my palate. At $15 a bowl, you might just consider heading over to Ippudo or Totto for a consistently solid bowl of noodles.
GET THE PORK BUNS. The pork buns were so delicious....like how did they get the meat to be so tender and perfect? I also had the momofuku ramen and there was nothing spectacular about it. The broth was way too salty for my liking. However the noodles were cooked perfectly.
What it lacks in Ssam Bar style charm, it makes up for with the fact that they have the same pork buns that make me cry with joy.  Seriously.   It's like biting into heaven.  A heaven filled with delicious sin. Even after a full friggin dinner, my friends and I still found ourselves at the bar at Noodle Bar ordering up Pork Buns for desert.  Because we're awesome.
I get that most people find Noodle Bar overrated at this point, but you still can't beat those brisket buns or the yummy ginger scallion 'mother sauce' noodles. Granted, most of the menu is pork centric which makes it unaccessible to me. But the options I do have here are pretty fantastic. And now that the fanfare has died down, you can actually walk in and get a table almost any time.
Holy Pork! By the end of this meal I think I was completely porked out....in a good way. We stopped in while on a weekend trip around 5:45 on a Sunday. The wait wasn't too bad, about 25 minutes. Would have been 20 if the hostess decided to call out names instead of just seating whoever was by her. I knew were were up next, saw her seat another couple, so I asked where we were on the list. She said, "Oh, I just sat you.." Really? Is that why I'm standing here with my wife giving you the stink eye? We were seated not too long afterward, ordered the pork buns and all was again right with the world. I really didn't expect there to be two slabs of deliciously tender pork belly inside these suckers. So good. We followed that up with the pig tail appetizer special. If you like pork, order these if they're available. The portion was huge, the tails were chopped into two inch bites. Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. Like eating awesome baby pork ribs. For our main dishes, we had the brisket noodle soup and ramen. The Brisket noodles were good. Not great. The ramen was awesome. Well cooked noodles, tender pork shoulder, egg, and yes, more pork belly. I would order these again in a heartbeat. We rolled out of there partially comatose, but happy.
The pork buns were quite tasty but this place was not worth the ridiculous wait and the prices for ramen.  I think it was around $50/person? I prefer Kambi a few streets north for some good ole ramen.
This place is DELICIOUS. The steamed buns are yummy. Id love to go back but since I live in LA it wont be too soon. I thought the ambiance was great and pretty unique. The seating is family style with long shared tables. I like going to places like that every so often because there are just not enough places that have that.
The pork buns were heaven and all the noodles sampled were quickly slurped down. Go there now. We didn't have to wait very long (even on a Saturday night), but there was still a wait.
My girl friend and I went to Momofuku on friday, 2 ppl of coz we could not try the fried chicken, so we went to try out the ramen noodles and the famous pork bun. I ordered the momofuku ramen and my girl friend had the spicy cashews noodles.  The thing I really like was the egg, it's not fully cooked, when the noodles was served, first thing i ate was the egg, it was still warm/ cold, so soft and the egg yolk was very melty (sorry i cant find another word to describe), the noodles is good, soup base and the pork is average.  If you wanna go for fushion ramen and the environment, this is a place you should try.  But if you refer the authentic ramen, i will not recomment momofuku. The pork bun is nothing specticular, perhaps i'm asian, I tried a better and better value "pork bun" somewhere in flushing, I wont pay $9 for 2 pieces, it's pricey. my girl friend also tried their small apple cider slush, we could taste any alcohol inside, and the drink it's sweet, if you want something light, this is the drink to go.
absolutely disappointed in this place, i give it 2 1/2 stars.  finally went here for dinner and probably will only be returning for the pork buns.  Started off with the pork buns, and i was really skeptical, are these just like the buns in chinatown and now they're hyped bc everyone else is discovering them?  well i must say, they were that good, the pork belly really melted in your mouth.  that was pretty much the highlight of the meal.  had the heirloom tomato salad special, good but nothing extraordinary.  than had the pan roasted cauliflower with a pesto sauce and nugget potatoes served with a poached egg.   Really nothing to rave about, the potatoes tasted like breakfast with the egg and bacon.  For dinner had the momofuku ramen.  Now for ramen lovers, this is not the place for you!  it was awful.  the ramen was sooo salty i could not enjoy it at all.  maybe it was an off day, however by the looks of the rest of the reviews that doesnt seem to be the case.  Also tried the chilled spicy noodles and ginger scallion noodles.  Once again, they went nuts with the salt shaker.  The sichuan sausage in the spicy noodles was so salty that my dinner companion barely touched it.  I could not believe how bad this place was considering all the hype, but i must say i would return for the pork buns even at the ridiculous price of $9 for 2.
Great fusion of different types of Asian cuisine. Each dish has a modern twist, so those that are familiar with more traditional styles will appreciate the ingenuity here. This is also great for first-timers. The things to order include (but are not limited to): Roasted Rice Cakes - (a favorite of mine) in a Korean chili sauce. Momofuku Ramen - pork shoulder and noodles in a smokey broth. Pork Buns - extra thick, juicy cut of pork with all the trimmings (the fave among the group). I will definitely be frequenting this spot in the future.
Best ramen I've ever eaten! We started off the asparagus with poached egg, which was simple and delicious. I got the shiitake buns and spicy miso ramen, both were outstanding! I lived that the ramen was slightly al dente and the broth was silky without being too rich or too spicy. My friend got the shrimp buns and Momofuku ramen, both of which she said were amazing.
Came here for the first time to do the fried chicken dinner. With the amount of weeks we had to reserve in advance I definitely expected a fancier place, but was happy to find that it was pretty casual. Service was decent, nothing amazing. The chicken was delicious!! Came with wraps, veggies and lots of great sauces. We split it between 5 girls and we had plenty of leftovers. Definitely worth the wait and the money!!
Before I came here I saw everyone's reviews of how good this place was, so I expected some flavorful and good noodles... what I got? some average noodles I could have made at home. :( I ordered the Momofuku and my friend ordered the Spicy Miso... both were below average. Atmosphere: LOUD. good lighting, need to share tables or sit at the bar (ANYWAYS, you'll still have to be pretty close to other people, which I personally would rather go to a place where I can have my own table to me and my friends) Service: I asked to sit at the bar... THAT BITCH said "no, we've already arranged seating for you" -.- seriously? and the wait time? ridiculously long... for noodles that aren't even that good. waited for 45 minutes for seating for 2... regret it Food: Noodles were a bad kind of chewy.. like they didn't cook it thoroughly. Maybe it's because they had a busy night or w.e... but still that't no excuse to make your noodles semi-cooked! Sigh... I mean I would expect a noodle bar to have GOOD noodles, but NO. And the the base of the soup was so bland... disappointed. Nothing special, could find better! Hyped for no reason.
When will Yelp allow half stars?  Definitely better than 3 stars but 4 might be stretching it....but it was a good night so i'll round up. The place:  trendy picnic table sharing layout.  Opens for dinner at 5 30pm, get there around 5 or 5 15p because there's a line out the door but they can fit quite a few people so it's worth it to be part of the first sitting.  As long as your whole party is there, you're in.  If not you're looking at a 30-45 min wait. The food:  Shrimp buns were very good.  Perfect spicy mayo.  Better than the pork buns which were fatty.  Miso ramen pretty decent not too salty but not much chicken.  Wine was $9 and came in cute little glasses but hardly seemed like a full wine glass portion.  Not worth the $9. Would return happily but am not running back obsessed with the place.
My sort of hangover food on a Saturday or Sunday morning - a big steaming bowl of ramen and the infamous STEAMED PORK BUNS. David Chang really does have some sort of psychic connection with pork belly, as I've literally not had pork belly this tender/juicy anywhere else. The rest of the food is good but not great , though the last time I was there I tried the soy sauce egg which was delicious (yolk was cooked for literally just the right amount of time, still slightly wobbly) and covered with the crushed seven spice chips they make. The chicken wings are also pretty good. Yes, it is overcrowded and probably overhyped, but Momofuku Noodle Bar stays firmly on my list of downtown staples.
There are SO many amazing Ramen places in NYC that the bar is set pretty high and Momofuku Noodle Bar just didn't do it for me.  Granted, I didn't order the most exciting thing on the menu (ginger scallion noodles -- I was trying to eat "light"), but I did have a taste of some of the other menu items off my friends' plates.  In any event, I thought the noodles were " just ok" and just ok is pretty bad when the prices are more than 50% higher than other, better noodle places.  But I guess the premium is the David Chang name?  I'm not sure I buy into it.
Food was delicious!!! Love all of their appetites and momofuku ramen! Check out their board for special dishes (such as the sausages).
if i can split this review into two halves, there'll be 5 stars given for the fried chicken dinner and the pork buns, while 2 stars will be given to the noodle soup.   first of all, the noodle soup here is not ramen.  it is american noodle and soup with asian flare.  The noodles are not ramen-like, but completely straight, smooth, pasta noodles, while the broth is pretty much a clean, clear stock- perfect for white people trying to act enlightened about asian culture, but asians who know their ramen are better served at Ippudo or Tarakawa ramen, both of which create thick complex broths with full, rich layers of awesomeness as well as really springy egg noodles.   but enough negativity, if they cease becoming a noodle bar and just served amazing pork buns and fried chicken, this place would be amongst my favorite restaurant in the city.  a little bit about the fried chicken- you have to reserve a table of up to 8 in advance from the website at 10am sometime the week prior. the buttermilk 'southern' style chicken was amazing.  it's obvious that the chicken has been brined for awhile because the breat pieces were moist all the way through.  The skin isn't over-saturated with flavor, but rather lightly salted with the right amount of old-bay goodness.  the batter isn't thick or thin, sorta like Popeyes, except it sticks on the meat rather than comes off, so every bite is consistent, flavorful, and crispy.   as for the korean-style fried chicken, I wasn't quite as impressed- it's more or less Bonchon Spicy/Mad for Chicken Mild with batter that is about twice as thick.  Definitely tasty like the other fine korean fried chicken offerings in Manhattan, but not life-changing in any way.   PORK BUNS! OMG!! at 4.50 a pop, they are not cheap, but it's obvious they use the fattiest part of the belly, layered with cucumber and sweet pekking duck sauce.  Best in the city, bar none.
Yes yes pork bun is not bad but how is it different from the pork bun from other place in the neighborhood ? And the noodle is really not that good. It's not even  as good as the one from zen on st marks. I don't mind the wait (which is mere 1.5 hr) but all the time and money spent for a 25 dollar meal isn't satisfying. Am I the only one here ?
Just gonna leave my 2 cents here, with everyone else's 2 cents. The Momofuku name has garnered quite a reputation in New York City. I think when it started out, it came across as fresh, innovative, and high quality. Nowadays, the quality has gone down a bit, and as always, the prices are (still) astoundingly high. The number of times I've been here, the ramen has been fine, albeit a bit on the salty side. At $16 a bowl, I'd expect better though. Pork belly buns are delicious too, but for $5 each, a pure luxury. You better savor that meat, because it disappears quite quickly, and they don't really give you much of it. Also, while I've never actually been able to try the large format fried chicken dinner, the whole reservation system stinks of incompetent logistics. I've tried to reserve before, but the reservation system kept failing, and when I called, they told me that it was fixed and I should try again. Well, it wasn't fixed, and I called again, but to no avail. They also only allow certain times for reservations, and given the hassle, I gave up. It seems like an interesting concept though, albeit a tad confusing that they serve southern style fried chicken at a ramen bar. There's a reason why people flock to the Momofuku establishments, and I think it's because they've bought into the vision that David Chang set out for his restaurants. And I think if you've gotten people to buy in, you've done a good job with keeping up the brand. However, there are different places to get good ramen and pork buns, at about the same quality, but for cheaper (Terakawa, Rai Rai Ken, Kambi). I will say that the food and the ambiance is pretty good here, but due to the high prices and the long, long waits, this is definitely one of those "try it once, only so you know how it is" type places.
At long last, I was able to try Momofuku Noodle Bar after hearing so much about it.   I'll start by saying that I'm not a huge ramen fan.  I don't get the hype, it's just super-salty broth with some noodles and veggies.  Why is it the trendiest thing?  And it's not like Momofuku has converted me into someone who will CRAVE ramen, but the soup was very tasty.  A poached egg, shredded por shoulder, pork belly, noodles, scallions, seaweed, cabbage...the variety of ingredients really dressed it up and made for an interesting, if incredibly salty, dish.  I'd recommend splitting with someone you're quite close with, and eating straight out of the bowl with gigantic soup spoons. The pork buns, however, were the obvious choice and were SO good.  The bun itself tastes like a cloud, the pork is super-fatty (can be good and bad - might've been a little TOO much fat, but it didn't taste bad), the hoisin sauce extra sweet, and a crisp cucumber turns the appetizer into a tiny candied gem.  A must-try. Their apple cider soju smoothie wasn't all that mind-blowing.  It tasted more like anise & licorice than like apple cider.  Ordering gigantic japanese beers is the way to go instead.  Also, prepare for a wait - it was absurd, like 1.5 hours - so glad we were able to put our name in and go elsewhere for a drink first, but if you're super hungry, plan in advance so you're able to buffer against the crazy wait.
What happened to this place? The ramen noodles used to be soooooooooo goooood!!!! The broth changed since my last visit (the old location).. it was a little watery, instead of the lush salty rich broth i was expecting. They also put collard greens into the bowl now..don't like those at all... The noodles seem to have changed as well, different vendor? They were a little softer than before... I miss the old version. Alot. The appetizers are still awesome though. Grilled beef tongue with mustard and pickles - yum. The new restaurant looks pretty nice as well. BRING THE OLD RECIPE BACK!
The vegetarian buns are really good. But I think non-vegetarians can enjoy this restaurant better. Since they didn't have a veggie broth I didn't get anyone which resulted in a boring taste of my noodles. They should have told me that in advance because than I had ordered something else.
Boozy creamsicle slushy deliciousness. Check. Pork belly buns. Check. Momofuku signature ramen. Check. Needless to say...Momofuku Noodle Bar checked out in my book.  However, i'm really never mad about some pork fat overload.  I suggest going on a Monday as there was zero line and we were seated right away.  There are a lot of ramen spots in the EV and Momofuku ranks in at the top, next to Ippudo.
My sister insisted on coming here coz she read somewhere that Chef Morimoto prefers Momofuku ramen over Ippudo. the wait was long, but it was expected and it doesn't even compare to the madness over at ippudo's. we sat at the bar, ordered pork steamed buns, momofuku ramen, and kimchi stew. the buns were decent, and everything else was just SOOO salty. So much so that it was the only we could taste in the end. Thanks, momofuku, but i'd like to keep my hair.
Decent kimchee, excellent brisket bao, very good momofuku ramen (although super overpriced at $16) with smoky pork belly and nicely seasoned-not too much salt. I also had a soju creamsicle drink which was tiny like whoa but very yum. 3 dollar signs cause ramen lunch for two with just one drink should not come to over $60.
I got ramen and sake. Ramen was pretty good, but sake...it was not decent one, cheap sake but they charge a lot (don't remember the price but felt too expensive for the quality!) Even ramen was $17....hmmm....acceptable price but never go back again.
All I have to say is that it's the best and only $16 ramen I've ever had.  Don't think it's worth $16 when you think about the ingredients, but it's definitely yummy!  The pork buns are great...reminds me of the duck and bao buns in a chinese restaurant.  It gets really busy, so be prepared to wait.  If you're claustrophobic, it's not a place for you.  You'll find yourself sitting next to random people...may be a good thing if you like meeting new people!
My New Year's Resolution for 2010 is to pay it forward and be an active Yelper instead of free-riding and just reading the life-saving reviews here (a recent awful terrible no good very bad team project in grad school has made my current mission one in which I eliminate my own personal free-riding habits). Thus, you are now witnessing my first Yelp review! To begin: I actually am really impressed with the empire that David Chang has built up. I would like to learn his expansion secrets one day. So my good friend and I decided to eat here today at lunch, thinking that it would be quiet and restorative (this being the Monday after Christmas after all). Alas, the rejuvenative meal we so longed for was not to be had, but the wait at 1 pm was relatively short (15 minutes) and the service was fairly quick and even attentive. The place was PACKED which made getting in and out of our corner location a bit difficult (I am getting old and forgot to transfer Purell into my purse necessitating a trip to the bathroom). We ordered the pork buns (good...though I could have sworn they were better when I ate at the original Momofuku in 2007), ginger scallion noodles, and momofuku ramen. The ginger scallion noodles were pretty tasty though not exceptional and I had a bit of a tough time eating the pickled shitake (though my bf who got my leftovers did like them). My friend pronounced the ramen to be good, but that she had eaten better elsewhere. Personally, we are both huge fans of Soba Totto which is of course a different type of noodle entirely. However, we love our broth to be exciting and the Momofuku broth while good, was not not great. We will certainly be back when friends are in town and we aren't starving, but will not necessarily be running back. I must say though that I did thoroughly enjoy Momofuku Milk Bar and will continue to wax poetic about David Chang's empire in that entry...
It is sometimes difficult to review a place that has over 2000 reviews. Yes, ladies and gentlemen 2000 reviews. So I will distill it to the best of my ability. Is it the best ramen you will ever have? No. But we also live in New York City where we have the best of everything and there is a competition to be the best. Next week there will probably be a top 10 list for best olives in your martini that everyone will circulate on facebook. Is it the best price for ramen in NYC? No. But Momofukus is an international name that can charge the prices for being Momofukus. BUT if it is cold and you are with good friend you will have a good time. Nuff said.
So, this review is hella overdue, but since i was giving my review of Milk Bar, i figured why not? I stood in line like the rest of the Chang stans...umm, foodies and waited patiently with my friend. Who waits in line for a restaurant to open? Apparently, I do, like a doofus. The doors open and everyone bum rushes the door, yet there's plenty of room for everyone. Hype does sell. *shrug* Brisket buns: crispy, juicy, flavorful. Shrimp buns: Not my favorite, and the square shape of minced shrimp "meat" reminded me of spam (in a bad way) The guy next to me was killing the hell outta his wings, so I might go back to try them. Other than that, I don't really get why people love the place. Martha Stewart, you were as wrong on this spot as you are for seeking love on Match.com
Definitely yummy, but a bit overpriced for Ramen and pork buns. Although everything we had was quite tasty!  The pork buns and fried chicken were INCREDIBLE!
My expectations for Momofuku might have been unfairly heightened, because I'd heard about it before I'd ever tasted traditional ramen. Then I ate at Toki Underground in DC, and liked it a lot, but thought maybe I just liked all ramen a lot and didn't have anything to compare it to. Now I do, and Toki shines all the brighter. Momofuku's broth was simply disappointing, substantially less flavorful than pho, let alone the ramen broth I'd had at Toki. The girl I was with ordered a different kind of noodle, a brothless concoction that had substantially more kick to it. I liked the flavor of that more than my dish (which was the Momofuku Ramen), but the texture wasn't something I'd seek out. So that was the disappointment I faced in Momofuku, but it's still important to point out what was incredible: the music. Random? I know! While I was waiting to be seated, over the relative din of the very crowded room (lunchtime on a Saturday), I made out "Are You a Hypnotist?" by The Flaming Lips. That alone would've been an impressive enough pull to earn a shout-out, but me-oh-my, the very next track was Space Oddity by David Bowie! Whoever put that playlist together commands considerable commendation. The service was also very friendly, and again, my own possibly unrealistically inflated expectations for Momofuku might've been an obstacle to my overall enjoyment. I'd say it's still worth a visit, but that this is a "destination" spot slightly confuses me, there is certainly better food to be had in New York.
Yum yum yummy yum yum!!! It was a REALLY REALLY cold day here in NYC two weeks ago and we met friends here for lunch. Do try everything and share. Don't pass up on the brussel sprouts or cabbage. Don't dare to miss the pork buns or mushroom buns! Do save room for Ramen!!! I'm trying to figure out when I can get back there!!!
So I've been going to this place since it was located in the tiny space where the new Momofuku Ko is located (I will say more on that in a bit....) Before chef David Chang exploded onto the food scene, Momofuku was a humble ramen bar serving up fresh noodles and "to die for" pork fat in the confines of a single counter space. My first trip to Momofuku, Mr. David Chang himself was serving up the noodles, cooking the spicy chicken wings, and poaching those melt in your mouth soft eggs - it was love at first sight. I remember thinking what a great concept! And I remember the enthusiasm of the chef as he and his staff discussed expansion ideas - hint...there may be a Momofuku coming to Las Vegas in the near future...an idea that has been floating around since 2005. While much has been said about whether Chang is overrated or whether his noodles really are that spectacular, Momofuku remains a go to place on a cold winter night when all you want is some homestyle pork fat, complemented with some good fresh local veggies to make you feel slightly better about all that yum yum fat... In my opinion Momofuku is still superior to Ippudo (the famed Japanese ramen place just opened nearby) My favorite dishes are the smoked chicken wings and the pork buns....as for the ramen, after ordering a couple appetizers, one soup might be enough to share with your partner. Also, be prepared for a bit of a wait- but now that it has moved up the street into a larger space the wait is more manageable than before. Plus...if you are lucky, although Chang is preoccupied with Ko right now, he still makes cameos at the Noodle bar and may be in the kitchen that night serving up your noodles for you....
Meh. Really was craving a good warm ramen to fight this winter weather. Disappointed. Broth was not hot enough, ramen felt undercooked. The appetizers were much better though, the steam buns with mushrooms and pork belly were yummy and so were the smoked chicken wings. It was fun to see an open kitchen and see how they prepare your food. Too bad the Ramen didn't meet our expectations :(
AH-MAY-ZINGGGG!!! Had been DYING to come here for the longest time and was not disappointed! My bf said it best..."it's like sex without all the work". Ha.
I really wanted to love this place but didn't. I had their signature noodle since it was my first time. From all that I've heard I had really high expectations. Didn't expect it to be a piece of 80% fat pork belly. I would proli go back though I think the noodle was really good. Will try something different next time.
Well, as a vegetarian I am clearly not this restaurant's target audience. Nevertheless, I did try their single vegetarian entree, ginger scallion noodles, and I echo what other reviewers have said about it -- it is salty beyond belief. I wanted to like it, wanted to think of it as salty in a delicious sort of way, but it was genuinely quite bad.
So many reviews here, it seems silly to add one more, but here goes. The food was quite good, but the service was rather abysmal. Everything was brought to us in a timely fashion, but there was an utter lack of interest in a guest's presence. They know they're making money, so it's in and out for everyone. It made it very difficult to enjoy ourselves. The dessert really proved this. The cookie was in a plastic bag, not even presented on a plate, clearly saying "please just leave now and eat this somewhere else so we can have the seats.
Had a great and filling meal. Pork buns were tender and awesome. I had the signature momofuku ramen. It was my first time having ramen not from a package and it was something special. Great for the cold New York day. The pork belly was as tender as ever and the poached egg made the dish even richer. The bit of dry seaweed on the side added some great texture and saltiness. When we came for a late lunch, the place was bustling. Atmosphere was really nice. It felt half hipster and half laid back (read: unpretentiously and naturally cool). Prices were fair considering quality, location, and quantity. Come visit the noodle bar if you haven't!
Went last night for dinner with a friend.  I haven't been here since they have moved from what is now the KO space.  The place is much bigger and has much more capacity.  So I am a little slow on returning.   The food was delicious.  Got some oysters, both Canadian and Washington were pretty delicious.  Also, the Pork Buns....a handheld delight!  Decided to try the Kimchee Stew instead of the abundant ramen dishes being sent out right in front of my eyes.  On the cold blustery night that it was, this was an excellent choice with the shredded pork and rice cakes and the perfect amount of heat and spice from the kimchee.   The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially when sitting at the bar right next to the expediter's station.  Its a fun spot to sit or anywhere along the bar in front of the open kitchen.   Will hopefully be returning sooner than later!
I'm not a ramen snob so to me, the momofuku ramen was good. I liked it a lot because of the pork belly that floated around in it. Not only did it melt in my mouth, it caused me to melt to the ground! I've never had pork belly sous vide like that before. But the reason i love this place is because of the pork buns. OH MY GOD, those things were divine! I have never had any pork buns with pork belly in them, who would have thought! Instead of the typical buns, they used the open buns with a few slices of pork belly, green onions and cucumbers. It was perfect and the sauce wasn't overwhelming. I'm drooling at the thought of being able to eat another one of those bad boys.
Momofuku is a great eclectic spot where I always love to try new things. Steamed pork buns are heaven!! The chicken or pork ramen or Momufuku ramen with egg are spectacular dishes.  I was there the other night and tried the sweetbreads with chili dipping sauce.  Never had anything like it!  I really recommend this place to anyone who is culinarily adventurous.   They don't take reservations so if you're gonna go on the weekend plan on a loooooonnnnnnnggggggggg wait.  Got right in on a Monday night.  Can't beat that.
Small portions I have heard about Momofuku Noodle Bar from a friend who loves to come here. Came in the decor is nice simple had the four course sampler that day for 30$ which i though would be some what filling. To my great disappointment the portions looked like a meal for a four year old. The fourth course was cherry/lemonade slushy type thing - probably the best part of the whole meal and the portion was right. -Small portions -Uncomfortable bar stools at the high table -Wait staff that dressed like it was a day at the park (not saying you have to wear a tux, but ripped jeans or shorts...UM NO) -The price for the ramen was kind of to high i think the portions did not match the price. After we paid the bill and left we all went to the pizza place down the block for a slice because we all where so hungry after the $30 meal. Another thing the business card has a picture of an apricot -  Because when i think noodle i think apricots, just dont get it.
I don't care for the hype or people wanting to hate on a popular spot. Momofuku is one of the best places for ramen in the city. The flavors, the price, the nice staff and the open view of the kitchen makes it a place I love going back to. They offer amazing food in a friendly ambience, and that's all I care about.
I was extremely disappointed with the pork buns here. When they came out i was actually afraid to pick it up because of the unappealing color and it was just way to fatty! All i saw was fat glistening back at me.   Their ramen is okay. I wanted to like this place but unfortunately I won't be back! :o(
Overall: 3 Ambiance: 3 Overall, this place was average, nothing too fantastic that blew me away, but I guess in a city were Ramen is uncommon, it is a pretty good spot to grab a nice hot bowl of noodles.   I arrived there saturday afternoon was lunch. I arrived a little after it opened and was able to get a seat at the bar by the kitchen immediately. First of, we started with the artic char with ponzu, umeboshi, lychee.  This was probably my favorite part of the meal, but this that was partially contributed to the fact that i LOVE artic char.  This comes from one of the most amazing dish that I have ever had made by the amazing Michael Voltaggio.  (but that's another story).... Either way, it was an great starter dish, the artic char was smooth and delicious, while the lychee added an unexpected sweetness to the dish.  Overall, i was pretty darn happy about that appetizer. Next, was the famous pork buns.  It was on the simple side with a hoison sauce, slices of cucumber, scallion and fatty pork.  It was definitely on the simple side, but it was still delicious.  I do have to say that I am a bigger fan of the pork buns over at Ipuddo. Now, on to the main dish, the momfuku ramen.  The noodle itself was amazing.  Just the way I like my ramen, nice and chewy with a bite.  It was just thick enough for a ramen and cooked to perfection.  For me the broth was a bit too salty, but according to the bf it was just me.  I would definitely choose this ramen over the ramen at Ipuddo, but the pork buns at Ipuddo ROCK...i would go to Ipuddo just for that. Overall, momofuku was just ok, nothing too amazing that would make me come back especially given the price for the meal.  The only reason I would come back is for the fried chicken dinner.  I saw another table order it, and it looked like a big plate of fried goodness..
i am a little fiend for this place.  i mostly eat vegetarian when out at restaurants, so be forewarned that i'm not going to rave about the pork stuff for that reason.  this place is absolutely fantastic for almost any occasion - eating alone (the last time i did this, the gentlemen by me ended up splitting their wine with me), on a date (guys, such a good casual spot), with friends - you name it.  i swear by the shittake buns and the ginger noodles.  i always went with wine as my go-to drink here, but recently went with someone who introduced me to MNB's cold unfiltered sake (or was it filtered? it was white).  good lord, that was amazing.  for the price, you really can't beat the quality of the food.
I'm going to have to give this place 2.5 stars. This place is definitely not worth the hype. It's really not even on the top 10 list of Ramen in NY, the bowl is a fusion type ramen bowl and not classic. The toppings are very non-traditional with the pickles and sour cabbage. I would suggest going to Ivan Ramen, Ippudo, Minca, or Totto Ramen instead. One thing for sure that David Chang does better than all the rest, is his pork buns. He's got the pork buns extremely tender. I prefer his other restaurants such as Ma Peche for delightful food. I am a fan of David Chang, just not his take on ramen. I felt kind of disappointed after eating.
Came here to see what all the buzz is about and it turns out absolutely NOTHING. If you're anything like my husband and you have to come here to taste it for yourself to say it wasn't good, then I recommend coming here during 1pm-2pm. No wait at all. Pork bun was meh, definitely had better at ippeudo. Ramen and pork bun was way better in terms of flavor and ingredients. Chicken wings was just fried chicken with soy sauce. ordered the momofuku ramen thinking I couldn't go wrong with it, but it was boring. Nothing stood out about this place and left completely disappointed. My husband had the spicy miso also average. If I had to wait an hour for this place, I would be so disappointed and dissatisfied.
As part of my East Village ramen crawls, I'd been waiting to check this place out for years. I ordered the steamed buns and Momofuku Ramen. Both were excellent and served in a timely manner. After eating cha siu bao [bbq pork buns] from dim sum restaurants for so many years, I expected something similar in taste and style. The Momofuku steamed buns are less sweet than their Cantonese equivalents thereby letting you taste more of the meat and less of the sauce. The buns look less like the traditional mound-shape cha siu bao and more like a White Castle burger. My only problem with the pork buns is that we didn't order enough of them. The ramen made the meal even better. The appearance (see photo), broth seasoning, and noodle preparation were all to my liking. Just thinking of the broth mixed with the pork shoulder and egg makes me start salivating. My bowl wasn't heavy on the salt like some reviewers have posted, but I could see how that would be a turn-off. Mark me down for 4 Yelp Stars!
The rating is for the current Momofuku Noodle. The original was spectacular and 5 star... you catch the magic periodically at Saam though I haven't been to Ko yet. Though I can remember loving food all my life I (I grew up the son of a great chef), I still always tell the story to friends of the 1st time that I went to Momofuku Noodle. When it 1st opened, I thought that a review I had read had sounded kind of interesting. At the time, NO-ONE was going to Momofuku . Afterward, I would actually worry that it would close (I was freaked out about it). I walked in and sat at the original small counter. Yes at the time you could walk in off the street and sit at the counter without any wait.... these were the early days. I sat down having read about the noodles and expected a half way decent meal.  I was presented with a menu of noodles and some other interesting items. The cook behind the counter took our order and read out on the specials (again these were the early days before this original spot expanded). The specials sounded great (like everything that you get today). We ordered a mix of items off the menu and the specials. The item I remember to this day (some 5 years later) is the soft shell crab bun. The seasoning and preparation were PERFECT and the crab juicy. The Chinese bun was slightly toasted (I remember the cook/chef toasting it carefully in front of us in the then small kitchen). It was sublime. The whole meal was supposed to be a quick and good late afternoon summer meal. Instead, as I ate at this counter meal in the East Village, I was surprised to find myself having one of the best meals of my life. I've eaten at many of the greatest restaurants in the world and yet sitting on a stool in the East Village at a restaurant that no one had ever heard of, I was having an epiphany. How did this happen?  I don't know to this day. As you can expect, I made frequent return trips.  We told everyone who would listen. I was still afraid we would find the restaurant closed when suddenly we started getting turned away at the door.  Bitter sweet, but I wasn't concerned about it closing anymore. Strangely, the noodles were always mediocre, but they weren't what made Momofuku special. I have since been to the new Momofuku noodle a few times but much prefer Saam which still captures that original magic of the special dishes at the original Noodle bar.
After hearing about Momofuku so many times my fiance and I finally decided to go and check it out, and for the most part our experience was enjoyable. The wait was only about ten minutes, which is pretty rare for this restaurant, and we ended up eating at the bar. The steamed pork buns were heavenly, the pork succulent and the fat perfectly rendered, melting in your mouth instead of being a firm lump of gristle. Unfortunately the price can only be described as outrageous. 9 dollars for two pork buns? Seriously? The ramen was pretty good, although a bit disappointing. I'd heard a lot about how great the broth was and I honestly didn't find it that tasty. While it was rich and reminiscent of an Italian brodo, it was also very undersalted and lacked subtlety. The noodles in the broth we're of a perfect consistency, but they too weren't that flavorful. The perfectly poached egg was a welcome addition and added some cloying deliciousness to the vegetables and noodles, and the pork was good but better when it was served in the outrageously overpriced pork buns. Writing this review has made me realize that I had a very mixed experience. The place was packed and fun to eat at, although being by the door in February made it a very cold visit, and it was extremely pricey for lunch. The food was good but not nearly as great as I'd heard it was, and the service was so-so. It's definitely an experience and I'd recommend it at least once, but I don't know if I'd go back again unless it was on someone else's dime.
Nice address in New York. This noodle bar serves ramen (most likely miso ramen). The place is very trendy and with a very nice atmosphere which makes it very busy. Prices are a little towards the high end, also in respect of the quantity you get. If you are a ramen addicted, this is a place to go, and if you are not, well, it is still a nice address to consider.
walked by this place and the line is an hour wait...   very modern and chic looking deco compared to Ippudo and the other St. Mark's Jap places, a whole facade of frameless glass window...   plain wooden communal eating table.. and much more reasonable pricing than Ippudo... taking BF/FI/DH here next time..  =D
I waited on line for ramen noodles because the other ramen place I went too had an hour wait...OMG! It was really tasty, the broth was nice. My boyfriend got the spicy miso with chicken...it was not spicy enough...lucky they have the hot sauce on the side. I got the momofu Ko ramen and the pork bun..i thought the buns were a little plain. Honestly the price was high...but I was in the city so I shouldn't complain....I guess I expected a lot more since I read all the reviews on this place. The place was good but I don't think I would stand online for it again.I am slowly making my way through different ramen places and starting to think the just maybe ramen taste is different for everyone. I still go back to my favorite number one place and feel it's the best. I just kept thinking in the other place they do this and that. Please read this and just know it was good...it was tasty...but not the best!
Can someone help me understand what the hype is around this place? It was only OK. My friend and I came here after Ippudo informed us that their wait was about 75 minutes long. No way am I waiting that long for just ramen...I'd rather go to the asian supermarket and get a few bags of Ichiban ramen and put my own spin on it than do that. But I digress. Had the Momofuku ramen and it was only ok. Better with hot sauce. Noodles are kind of stuff and not the right texture... On the plus side though, the big slices of pork belly they give you are just heaven. I don't want to be given something that looks like it was put on a diet...because I ain't on a diet either! Anyway, we also had the Mushroom buns and man were they tasty!!!! I'll admit we hesitated in the beginning bc the smell of Shitake mushrooms can be overwhelming if not cooked right and well, I like pork belly! You know the food is good when no one is talking and just eating in silence. It was G double O D good. If only more than 2 came on a plate. Oh and, come at an "off" time. We waited about 7 minutes to be seated when we got there (I want to say around 615ish?). By the time we were finishing up, the entire front was crowded... OH! The aftermath of the ramen. This joint uses MSG. About 30 minutes after leaving the place, my friend and I were SO thirsty, we each chugged a 24 ounce beverage. That's not the end of it though. Our bodies were retaining so much water because of the sodium, that we felt bloated ALL night. You could see my belly overflowing over my jeans. My heart lies with a different ramen hole in the wall back in SF.... New York ramen disappoints!
ok, so this place is over hyped but it doesnt mean that it isnt good eats.  i would avoid the ramen, there is so much good, authentic ramen in nyc and this just seemed uninteresting compared but everything else was interesting and really tasty.  is it the greatest thing ever? no. is it worth a trip for the price and the food, no doubt
Food overall - 2 stars. Service overall - 4 stars. Their service ultimately earned them a boost of an extra star. You don't often see in NYC great staff or service anymore. Most are rushed to get you in, seated, fed and out. Rinse. Repeat. So the difference was genuinely pleasing. Example, never allow customers to see you drink or eat out in the open. With minimal space to maneuver in, they lean down beneath the counter to drink water. You see them consistently washing their hands at the bar. They speak to customers without the commonly found attitude amongst servers in overly crowded restaurants, but also noticeably amongst themselves, without missing a beat when a customer needs something. As for the food, that brings us down to two stars. Maybe. Extremely salty broth. My intestine, as I type this, feel like it's shriveling. Pork buns were okay but much more fattier than I prefer mine. I think there should be an even ratio.... Overall the food wasn't such a satisfying experience for the expectations of what comes with the name. Return? Probably not but I'm glad I can say I've tried it since I've always been curious.
I went to Momofuku looking to try something new, the food was pretty good. I had the noodles with Pork Belly and the Pork Belly Buns. I would say the buns were delicious and the ramen was quite tasty as well. I wouldn't really want to go back as I'm not a huge Ramen fan but I actually liked it. The pork buns were good, but I think I'd rather head over to JumMum and get a few there for way less.
Because of my own prejudices about The East, I always insist that, if a place serves noodles, it  must be in a noisy, frenzy, chaotic fashion. Momofuku definitely delivered. And the ramen (my least favorite of foods, actually) was tasty enough to beat even my hard, ramen-hating exterior shell! It was a shock to get to Momofuku at 11:30pm on a Friday night and find the place alive and thundering, but what a nice feeling too! There's a word in Mandarin for that, right? "Light and noise"? Something. Anyway, it definitely had a lot of that! I got the Momofuku noodles, which were pork-filled and tasty and sloppy and very, very nice. Will definitely return.
Usually sushi is about as far I go in the asian food department, but after hearing great things about the Momofuku empire I had to try the noodle bar. Went last saturday with my boyfriend and a friend. It was packed so we had to wait about a 1/2 hour. We sat at the end of the bar (close to the window), which in my opinion seemed much better then sitting in the actual dining room. Ordered beers (kind of a odd beer menu, was not impressed with the options), pork buns (YUM!) and pickled veggies (Also YUM!). Ramen was good, salty but I mean what do you expect? All and all a fun and inexpensive choice for those cold  winter nights.
If you have ever wanted to pay $16 for a bowl of ramen, this is the place for you. The pork buns are good. The ramen is good. Expensive, yes, but keep in mind you're not exactly paying for the food. You're paying for a piece of the David Chang mystique, and also you're paying for the see-and-be-seen aspect. Worth a visit, worth a return visit even, but I wouldn't make this a regular haunt.
After coming back from Japan, I've been obsessed with ramen and soba noodles.  So I found out from a friend about noodle bars in NYC and I wanted to check it out. We ordered the mushroom steamed buns and they were incredible.  The taste and flavors were so good.  My friend wanted to order more. Then we ordered the ginger noodle bowl with scallions and it was really good as well.  I have to say the Korean bowl is cold noodles and felt and seemed like angel hair pasta instead of japanese noodles and wasn't very good, but overall a very pleasurable experience... Plus, the design of the restaurant was so relaxed and unpretentious and everyone was so nice...
i was really looking forward to trying this place but after eating here, im sorry to say but i wont be coming back. the ramen was nothing spectacular. the buns weren't good. ive deffinitley have had better. the location was good, kinda packed when i went. for the price, it wasnt worth it especially when the ramen was average to say the least.
Saw that this place was referenced on a lot of my touristy materials so decided to check it out. I think I was mistaken and all the hype is around the Ssam bar. Oh well, popped in on an afternoon and sat at the bar. Waiters are really nice, place is definitely americanized with the decor and staff. Had the kimchee noodles, cold soba? noodles in a kimchee sauce.  It was pretty refreshing although a bit expensive. On the menu....$16 for ramen?! I didn't get the much touted items like the buns or market items though.
Given all the polarizing reviews on this place, I really didn't know what to expect. We went early-ish (6.30 p.m.) on a Tuesday, pre-theatre, and everything was very good. There was no line, the hostess was competent, the place was clean and two-thirds full, the music was good. We sat at the back bar, and ordered right away. The pork buns are two for $9, and are crispy inside the steamed taco-style bun. The shiitake buns weren't quite as delish. The $16 bowl of ramen was salty and the noodles were chewy and the egg was soft and I couldn't finish it and no room for dessert and yeah, I have to say I liked this place a lot. Way friendlier than the coffee bar at the theatre afterward, that's for sure. The whole thing (with two beers) cost 70 bucks plus tip for two, which is a bit pricey, but I'm glad I gave it a try all the same.
good, but crazy overpriced... end of story.
I had the pork buns which were good but nothing to write home about. It was just a slab of boiled pork (with the belly fat) with hoisin sauce with cucumber in a chinese bun. I could've made this at home and it would've probably tasted the same. I also tried the Momofuku Ramen which was an utter disappointment. I judge my ramen by the broth and this one definitely lacked the deep and rich broth taste brought by boiling it for a longtime. I don't know if the broth was intentionally made this way but it was way too light but also way to fatty for me. Just so you know, I compare my ramen to Diakokuya in LA which I think is the gold standard.
Perhaps my anticipation and excitement got the best of me here so I wasn't as blown away as I'd expected to be but still a decent bowl of soup. The Momofuku Ramen was bit on the smokey side for my palate but still flavorful and tasty. I really enjoyed the warm pork bun - YUM!
What can I say about Momofuku that hasn't already been said? To me the noodle bar will always be the true Momofuku experience, much as the Ssam bar is growing on me and despite my determination to eat at Ko some day. Momofuku is my favorite restaurant in New York. Let's start with the pork buns (as you should). They are unbelievable. The pork belly is as soft as a pillow. It is lovingly wrapped in crunchy cukes, tangy hoisin, savory chive and a dissolving steamed bun. It is one of those regular-course items that tastes so good it seems like a dessert. Believe it or not, after coming here for 8 years I just had my first one. Suffice it to say the strength of Momofuku is not limited to this dish. Now that I think of it, I have not heard many people champion the shrimp and grits. Allow me. This is as good of a savory, southern dish as you can find anywhere. The delicious, perfectly balanced saltiness of the grits reaches out to the smoky bacon and shakes hands with it. This lets the shrimp truly taste like shrimp, delicate in their crunchy, tangy, meaty, briny goodness. The egg and chive round out the dish for an experience to remember. Allow me to say this about Momofuku: it does not deal in gimmicks. If this place has gotten famous it is because of the fundamental honesty of the food. I feel like someone scoured every broccoli farm in the northeast to pick out the broccoli I was served. I appreciate that the Yuzu Palmer tastes exactly as I want it to every time I order it. Momofuku has made a virtue of consistency. It is consistently great.
I really love Momofuku.  I've been going periodically for over a year, and each time I'm pretty pleased.  Of course, no visit is complete without the steamed pork buns - don't even try the chicken ones, they are nowhere near as good.   Although the wait for a table can be annoying sometimes, it's never tooooo bad.  Just go either early or late, and you'll be fine.  The biggest negative is how loud it is inside.  I always feel rushed and agitated there.  But maybe that's the vibe they're going for? Either way, I suggest you take a visit over there - unless you're a vegetarian.  They hate vegetarians.
As I have written before, I am beginning to wonder about going back to places where I have experienced some of my favorite meals....you know when you have had that quintessential and forever memorable food experience....yet, there is always that little piece of hope that it can be replicated. It is the classic setup for disappointment.....yet, you keep going back, again and again -- sometimes there a glimpses into that past magic, but I am not sure they can ever be replicated. Each experience is unique, which makes those memorable experiences even more treasured. I was going to NYC for work, and knew it was time for a visit to Momofuku. I stopped at Astor Wine and spirits on my walk from my hotel -- and ended up at Momofuku around 7:30 for dinner -- there was a wait but it didn't seem too bad. The hostess was also very nice and attentive -- offering to bring me a beer while I waited, though it was a $14 beer (the same beer I have had in another restaurant for $8). I ordered the pork buns -- still amazing, to die for, delicious -- everyone should have a pork bun at Momofuku in their life -- it is a treasured food experience that should be on everyone's short list of food to-do's. For the main, I went with the special duck ramen. While I was waiting, I saw other bowls and it appeared that portion sizes were as bit smaller than my last visit which caused a little concern. When my duck ramen arrived, it was indeed a less than generous portion -- though the actual serving of duck was more than generous. The disappointment was that the noodles were not ramen noodles, but closer to a parpadelle -- and left quite a bit to be desired. The duck was delicious as was the broth -- but a bad noodle is tough to get over. I also didn't pay much attention to price until the bill arrived. The duck ramen was $21 -- granted I would not have cared had it hit the mark....but almost $50 for a bowl of ramen, some pork buns, beer and tip seemed a little expensive -- and it didn't win my heart and soul as my previous visit did. Still, I will happily return to try and recreate said magical momofuku experience.
I think its seasonal but I'm still dreaming about the cold spicy noodle bowl that I had here. I can honestly say that I have never had anything like it before. Although it had just the right level of spiciness it was a bit salty and wished that I ate it with some of the pork buns. Came here at lunchtime on a weekday and the place was about half empty. We didn't have to wait at all but they still managed to seat me awkwardly at the head of a shared table.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm the only person in New York who thinks that their menu is completely OVERPRICED.  Come on now, a small bowl of ramen noodles for 16 dollars, in the East Village?  Whatever.... Maybe you can charge this much at the upper west or upper east, but charging your fellow east village crowd this much for ramen and 9 dollars for two small pork buns is outrageous. I love the taste of the food here.  Don't get me wrong.  But it is rip off.  They have a good business model, and it seems to be getting a lot of momentum since it's always packed with people.  But I think they should reprice their menu altogether.
Luscious pork buns with melting pork belly, thin slices of crunchy cucumber, scallions, and a rich hoisin sauce delicately pillowed on fluffy white steamed discs of bread. Rich ramen with a heady broth redolent of rice wine and mushrooms, beautifully accented with green onions, crunchy enokitake mushrooms, slices of pork belly, a mound of shredded pork shoulder, preserved radish, and a poached egg. Cool sichuan noodles dressed with a lightly spicy oil, candied cashews, sweet roast pork sausage, and spinach (not my favorite, but a nice combination of textures). Smooth, blonde woods forming communal tables and two dining bars, accented with pleasantly shadowed lighting. Friendly and unflappable servers. Perfect for lunch on these chilly winter days.
After Ippudo, this is my favorite Ramen spot in NYC.  However, I think Momofuku has better steamed buns!
My friends and I made reservations for their fried chicken.  It took a few weeks before our actual visit to NY and a 7:00 a.m. wakeup call, but my friend was able to get us reservations.  When we got there, we were surprised about how small it was.  But being that it was in the middle of the day, there were still quite a bit of people eating there - always a good sign.  The chicken would take about 15-20 minutes to get to our table so we decided to order some appetizers.  We had some vegetable dish, which was great, but nothing prepared us for their pork belly steamed buns.  If someone asked me what was the best thing that I ate in NY (and quite possibly anywhere in the United States), I would sit quietly and reminisce about the pork belly buns.  Flavorful, tender, juicy and just plain heaven-like, it was superb.  The chicken, was also good - two kinds (southern and Korean) with several different sauces and vegetables.  It was a huge mound of freshly cooked, crispy but juicy chicken.  We were stuffed, but managed to eat everything.  Delicious.  But seriously, back to the pork belly buns....it's been almost a month since our trip, and my husband and I still occasionally think about it and wonder if there's any local place that could ever compare.  So to sum it all up, whenever anyone talks to me about NY or asks about my trip, I always start with, "It was a great trip, and there were these pork buns..."
My husband really wanted to go to Momofuku because he has a little chef man-crush on David Chang.  So we went.  We had ramen, we laughed, he drank beer.  I almost got a green tea slushy but I felt it was a bit pricey for a nonalcoholic drink.  I really wanted the apple cider slushy but it was alcoholic and I wasn't in the mood.  But if you are uninhibited in your eating and drinking pleasures, you may have a good time here.   The service was efficient and friendly, the food was a bit expensive so we didn't go crazy ordering.  We got two different ramen bowls with wildly different flavors, so Momofuku should satisfy distinguishing ramen connoisseurs.  I didn't love it, but I can imagine my husb returning here some day.
I had a debate with my cousin over the number of stars Momofuku should get. He said 3.5 (which I told him wasn't possible) and I said 3. He was visiting from out of town, and I think he wanted to give them more credit because he'd heard of it as a legendary ramen place. We definitely agreed it shouldn't get 4 stars. This was me giving Momofuku a second shot, and it's still just not my favorite. The pork fat makes me feel like I'm being tested to see if I can actually digest it. The broth was so salty (it seemed to be coming from the veggies, but I couldn't really tell), and the noodles, well, I've had better. And the service seemed a little off. I'd save my money for that other ramen place down the block. Starts with an Ipp and ends with an udo.
I don't see why there's any hype about this place at all (unless it's getting the spillover hype from Ko).  The food was not amazing, and not creative. The only slightly enjoyable dish was the pork bun. Everything about this place was average except for the insufferable staff, which was wayyyy below average.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm under the impression that waitstaff is supposed to be there to help the customers, not give them attitude and then ignore their requests.   It's like Momofuku stole the idea of an Asian fusion noodle place from Republic--replete with loudness and picnic table-style seating--but without Republic's friendly staff and fast service.  Next time I have a craving for ramen while in the neighborhood, I will be going to Setagaya instead.
Who would have ever thought Ramen Noodles could taste so good! The noodles are damn good, but the pork buns-are insane! Momfuku is the perfect place for people who love their PORK! The pork buns are -hands down- the best pork buns in NY! Soft, puffy, and full of flavor-as you take your first bite, you mouth will be filled with soft pillowy dough, and spicy pork mélanged with crispy onions, mushrooms, and yes PORK and just a whole lotta flava! FYI-you can get the chicken if you are not into PORK. You will not just be able to stop at 1, I would recommend going in for 2! Yes the wait is long, every now and then you can get lucky and get a table in 10-15 mins. But good food is always worth the wait-as long as you are in good company. Seating is minimal and a little cramped- you'll be sitting on bar stools (it is after all a Noodle bar)...and if you get to sit near a lesbian couple who talk about oral sex the whole 45 mins they are chowing down on their noodles...lol don't hate (speaking from experience!)
The pork buns are good, but I don't know if it's really worth $9. Love how fluffy and soft the bread is, and the crunchy cucumber is a nice complement to the melt-in-your mouth pork. But they are a bit stingy with the sauce.  I think I'd rather go for char siu buns at a Chinese place. The momofuku ramen was pretty good. Nice firm noodles and lots of meat. There wasn't that much soup, but it was quite salty/concentrated.  I didn't notice it that much while I was eating it, but afterward I felt like I'd filled my salt and pork quota for the next month. :P
This is definitely a staple every time I'm in New York. The pork buns are absolutely dreamy...the fatty pork is SO insanely good. Dont even consider sharing an order, your going to want 2 of them for yourself! I usually always get the Momofuku Ramen but this past time it was a bit on salty side but I still finished my bowl regardless. I love that they usually have some crazy soft serve concoction, last time I was there I believe it was pumpkin with graham cracker and roasted marshmallows. Fatty pork, noodle goodness, yummy desserts...whats not to love?! Momofuku, I love you
Cool place! Go once just to go. Way too pricey for what you get. I got the pork buns (pretty good! Ippudo's is better) and the Spicy Miso Ramen. It was a bit on the salty side, and $15 for that thing? Nah. Go just to go, because it is pretty popular, but there are definitely other places to go that are both cheaper and better tasting. (:
Stopped by on impulse and managed to be one of the first four in line five minutes before they opened for dinner service - quite a surprise when we turned around five minutes later and saw a line of 50ish people behind us. When did they sneak up without us noticing? Anyway the ramen is ok and the pork buns were pretty good; we also had the crispy pig tails which were good but a bit underwhelming. The soju slushie is fantastic and probably the highlight of our visit. Didn't try any of the dessert items because we had reservations at Ko a few hours later. With that said, with the incredible range of ridiculously good food in NYC I don't think we'd be quick to return as it was somewhat underwhelming, but I'm glad to have tried it at least once!
Ramen/Noodles is terrible, go to Ippudo for that.  Pork buns are better than Ippudo's but thats it.  Hire some Asian chefs, David Chang!
tried their standard ramen for the second time.  It is NOT your traditional ramen.  If you want the holy grail of ramen (holy bowl) go to Ippudo.  If you want something a little different, a little more smoked pork flavor, check out Momofuku.  I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl, maybe because I had Ippudo 5 times in the last month.  A little change is not a bad thing.
I want to give Momofuku 4 stars, heck, maybe even 5, but the place induces so much anxiety I just can't. Is it their fault? Probably not. Its delicious, not too expensive, trendy, has a cool name, whats not to love, right? ITS TOO CROWDED. Cant relax. Cant enjoy it without catching an elbow to the back area. No space to digest. GERD anyone? Here's some free Bus. Dev. advice Momofuko, knock down a wall, throw down an extra bench or 3. You can support it. My star rating is directly proportional to your square footage.
Worst service ever ! Smh Food wasn't as expected. Ippudo's more authentic and tastes 10x better.
I cannot believe I never Yelped this place before. OMG the Ramen here is disgusting!  It's overly salty and you can't taste anything but the salt. Why do people come here? No Offense to the Non Asian people...but seriously, you don't ever see any Asians waiting in line for a bowl of their ramen. GROSS and also I am totally over the David Chang and his restaurants overtaking the whole East Village.
I left here trying to work out if it was me. Did I order the wrong thing? Again? 3 hours or so later, my thought processes have marinated and led to a simple conclusion.  No the menu is a mess and once again I have had an ineffectual experience here.  Put to one side the pork buns, ignore the oyster starter (as you can only stuff up an oyster so much though he did try hard by over spicing it) and you get to main courses.  I had a cold noodle, pork, spice and cashew puddle.  Thinking about it, why did I ever order it.  Thinking more about it, why was it ever put on the menu.  My girlfriend had the noodle bowel; unrefined and nothing special.   At the moment this is coming up short to a meal at a Wagamama everytime I go there (or to saam bar).  At least at Wagamama they road test their dishes and don't stick mistakes on the menu.  Wagamama might aim at average but at least it achieves that.  Noodle bar aims at innovation but falls well short.
We were seated rather promptly by the front windows (which in a crowded and tiny restaurant was truly a blessing) and had a wonderful server who answered all of our questions on ingredients and made appropriate recommendations. Having tried the pork buns at the Milk Bar, I got one and an order of the Momofuku noodles. My companions each ordered different noodles and liked them very much, but I thought my noodles were just quite alright. The portion was too gigantic for me to finish in a lifetime (the other noodles seem more appropriately-sized). I did find a small hair in my pork buns :( I let one of the servers know as soon as I could which took at least 5-7 minutes still since the restaurant was crowded. He immediately came back with 2 fresh complementary new buns and gave us an order of that day's dessert (some kind of rhubarb and something else yogurt) to share. All in all, good experience despite the little mishap but I really do prefer the pork buns to the noodles so I don't know if a revisit will come up any time in the near future.
This place is A M A Z I N G!! =D LOVE IT! Definitely, the wait is worth your time!  Because the place is quite small but has so much delicious food, the wait is usually long.  If you are lucky, the waiting time will be anywhere from 15 minutes to 30 minutes; on a normal day, the waiting time is usually 30 minutes to an hour. Why wait? Here are the reasons: 1. Their Steamed Buns (pork ones) are their specialty dish.  They are $9 and you get two pieces.  Inside the hot steamed buns has three melt-in-your-mouth pork slices that are seasoned perfectly and covered in this special sauce.  When you take a bite, you will know you made the right choice of going to that restaurant. 2. The ambience of this restaurant is very chilled. The servers are nice and friendly; you feel very welcomed.  Very neaty place I must say. 3. Noodle dishes are very good too! We ordered the noodle dish with some kinds of mushrooms in it.  I've never had such a great noodle dish like this one.   Definitely, this is a MUST TRY place. Don't get turned away because of the wait. It's really worth it! :)
Maybe i'm not a huge fan of the bold flavor that this place is known for but I don't understand how one can tolerate a pork bun filled with pork fat. It wasn't the type of pork bun I was expecting and the fact that oil was dripping out was a real turn off. Ramen wasn't that spectacular either. I think my instant Nissen noodles taste better than that.
In a perfect world I would be able to eat Momofuku's pork buns all day and night.  The ramen and other appetizers are pretty good but not worth the long wait.  This place gets 4 stars on the buns alone (the oysters are pretty awesome as well especially coupled with some sparkling sake).
Ginger Scallion Noodles + Sake = YUMMY! the wait is horrible (reason for the missing star)
The shiitaki mushroom buns and the spicy ramen were awesome, especially the buns.  The wait took a while and the ambiance is hurried, young and uncomfortable, but I'd come back any time I have a craving for those buns!
My boyfriend and I had heard great reviews about momofuku noodle bar and decided to try it. We ordered two momofuku ramen (pork shoulder,pork belly, poached egg) and a soy sauce egg. We also added an order of the smoked chicken wings. The soy sauce egg was basically a soft boiled egg with kosher salt and fried onion flakes on top.  The name was a bit deceiving. I was expecting something along the lines of a tea egg which is soaked in soy sauce/water combo. The momofuku ramen was alright to us. Our favorite ramen is actually ippudo. Momofuku was a bit bland to me, but I do like that there's a combination of meat unlike ippudo where there's just one type of meat or so. Everyone has different taste preferences. While a lot of people may swear by Momofuku, it's just not my cup of tea, and that's okay, but it's worth trying once. There are different items on their menu like pork buns (which I've had at the Momofuku Ssam bar) which are really good - they are very generous with their pork belly and the meat is super tender. They also serve shrimp and sausage pork buns also so something to consider among a variety of other things.       While we waited for our food we noticed the assembly line of employees. The cooks prepare the dishes which is checked by a manager (who also cleans the dishes up) and waiters/waitresses bring the food to the tables. We really liked the concept of management checking the dishes for presentation and accuracy and felt that plays a big role in customer service. Funny enough, my ramen bowl was missing scallions when it was brought out. I don't really care for scallions anyway so it wasn't a big deal to me, but it hadn't been two minutes yet and another member of the staff approached me to tell me that they had forgotten the scallions and apologized and asked if I'd like them still, which I thought was very good service. I just kept thinking how did they know, because a waitress brought me my ramen but a totally different waiter informed me it was lacking scallions.       Half way through our ramen, a waiter came by to apologize and say he totally forgot about our chicken wings and he asked if we still wanted them. It wasn't a problem for us, we were actually pretty full and decided to cancel the order. I get that some people would be super upset, but really the level of customer service, it's really hard to be upset, and I couldn't have finished the wings anyway so it worked out.      When the bill came, the same waiter informed us that they took one of the ramens off the bill for the inconvenience. We were really shocked, and to me it was going above and beyond and I appreciated that. Everytime we saw the waiter, he apologized and I appreciated the sincerity. While we were getting ready to pay the bill, the waiter came back with our chicken wings. He told us he knew it was late, but he still wanted to give us the chance to try them. So we got a free bowl of ramen, and a free order of chicken wings, without even making a fuss or a big deal out of anything (not like we were going to). I've never had service like that before and it just shows how high they value customer service and satisfaction. All in all I give the food about a 3.5 - I wish there was more flavoring, but the customer service was definitely a 5.
Momofuku has been on the decline for me, and as a result they lose a star. My most recent 3-4 visits have been disappointing- from getting an eggshell in the ramen to getting served inediblely dry pork to unfriendly service.  i go primarily for the ramen however i am finding i can get just as tasty, more consistent ramen for near half the price elsewhere.  i also finally found the fried chicken dinner to be a let-down.  it was good, but not worth the difficulty and wait for a reservation nor the hype. I also recently realized that the place is set up so that you want to leave quickly- you're crammed in sharing tables with randoms with a solid block as a seat (my poor tailbone...).   My last visit made me leave feeling robbed, bloated, dehydrated, and not satisfied.  i might have to temporarily blacklist momofuku. my conclusion: their reputation has gotten to their head and i feel like quality and service are slipping.
Business expensed account? 75 bucks for dinner! Holler! Was here for AdTech NY and got to chill (quite literally) with an old college friend. She suggested Momofuku. The now New Yorker explained that there are many momofuku's but the noodle bar was the one that was most affordable. I really liked the bare decor. I'm all about clean and simple. We arrived pretty late for dinner and were after a couple minute wait. My friend immediately suggested I get the ramen since it's the daily special. She says it's one of the best she's ever had. The nitty gritty: The EGG: You get to watch them cook the egg, it's not a normal hard boiled egg. You just got to try it. I'm pretty sure that's the best egg I have ever had and I don't even know what to call it. They crack the egg open into this tiny bowl and place the metal bowl on the hot surface to "cook" the egg. After a very concise time, they remove the egg and plunk it into the soup. Okay... the egg's yolk is not watery but it's still slightly raw and super flavorful and soft. I love meself a good egg! The broth was perfect, not to salty but full of flavor. The noodles were chewy but I felt like they were a little overcooked because they did air on the soggy side. Meat was good, but nothing special. In the end, I'm giving them 3 stars... just because of the egg... . huh... go figure huh?
I was really excited to eat here after a fantastic meal at Momofuku Ko.  I was pretty disappointed... My boyfriend and I used to hit up a fantastic strip mall noodle joint in LA, and he ordered the ramen at Momofuko--which was SO subpar to what we know and love.  The meat and fish in the soup was pretty good, but it was quite salty and there was a serious lack of vegetables.  I love the big mushrooms some places throw in.  This was sort of a cheap version-for more money. The pork buns were delish.   Kimchi also salty dog. I ordered the ginger scallion noodles and they were bland, bland, bland.  I admitted this to the waitress and she shrugged it off saying it was a popular dish, and that well, it was vegetarian.  Like, what, should I expect bland food just because I ordered a veggie entree?  Boo!  There was no compensation for my dissatisfaction. The rhubarb and shortcake softserve ice cream was the best part of the experience, but unfortunately, they don't serve any sort of tea, which I found extremely disappointing...and unusual, to say the least. We're going to keep looking around for a better noodle joint.
Yummy noodles! Small menu, but still a good variety from buns to noodles to meats/seafood dishes. The wait wasn't too bad since we were just 2 people (20 mins). The seating is communal style. Clean, simple decor and friendly service. Noodles are the best! Hence the name "noodle bar." - Dark & Stormy Slushie: very, very strong ginger flavor! if you like ginger, you'll love it; otherwise, get another flavor. it was refreshing though - Hibiscus Slushie: can't taste much alcohol, a bit bland, sweet - House Ramen: delicious noodles, good soup base, pork good, overall pretty good - Chilled Spicy Noodle: spicy, good sausage, not a fan of the cashews, a little oily
yes, this is really really good. One of the best bowls of Ramen ever. I went with my pal who i consider a ramen expert and we were both very impressed. the pork buns of course are stellar as well. Chicken wings were fine but would go for the fried chicken lunch or dinner special instead. also a great daily prix fix -the day we were there 3 course lunch for $19 with a flat iron steak, kimchi, fried egg over anson mill grits as the main. What a deal! service is good, reasonably priced and fantastic quality. You cant go wrong here. Love it.
Being the self proclaimed rameniac that I am, Momofuku noodle bar has been on my radar for a while.  Sure this isn't traditional Japanese ramen, but then again David Chang is a Korean American so you really can't expect authentic Japanese anything from his noodle soup joint.  I'm really coming here for ramen comparison purposes and I'm sure my Yelp review is going to get lost in the 1500+ opinions here, but hopefully someone out there will appreciate my deep rooted and undying love for that ultimate bowl of ramen. So my favorite ramen joints in NYC are Ippudo, Totto, Minca, Hide Chan, Kambi House, Sapporo, Menkui Tei, Ramen Setagaya, and Menchanko Tei and I love them all for different reasons.  My obsession for ramen is like a woman's obsession for hang bags/shoes; you can never have enough and it's hard to pick your favorite cause you love them all!  Momofuku makes the list too, but I enjoyed my hearty bowl of steaming noodle soup for very different reasons than my other favs.  Here's why. Let me back up for a second and quickly point out a few non-food related observations from my experience.  I came here with my fellow ramen lover boy and we timed it perfectly cause we snagged the last two seats at the communal, cafeteria style long tables towards the back.  No wait for ramen at 12:30pm on a sunny Saturday at the ramen joint that started the NYC ramen craze?!?  Score!!  The seating is quite cramped and they have these little wooden Asian style stools that don't offer any cushy for your tushy.  If you're looking for an intimate ramen date spot, this ain't the place.  The servers also kept rubbing their butts against me as they were running food for the surrounding tables, but I honestly kind of liked that!! Male or female...I don't discriminate! Haha.  Plus the majority of the staff were Caucasian or non-Asian, which kind of detracts when you're secretly hoping that there's a 150 year old ramen master from Nihon in the kitchen, stirring a giant caldron of tonkotsu broth made from a Meiji era recipe.  Oh we can all dream, can't we?! The lunch menu was surprisingly limited, but we had a focused attack plan and knew we had to get the pork buns, Momofuku ramen, and split one of those giant tall boy cans of Asahi Superdry.  The pork buns here are damn solid, and you get two buns with two thick cut pieces of pork belly on each.  The bun itself is that airy, light, pillowy Chinese bau that is spongy in texture and serves as the ideal vesicle to hold the pork belly, scallion, cucumber and hoisin sauce.  This ain't a pork bun for those of you afraid of eating fat, cause there's a beautiful thick layer of this translucent substance of the gods on each piece of pork belly.  I found the pork to be rather flavorless for the looks of it, but they give you a mini squeeze bottle of sriracha to spice it up.  So of course I drowned my bun in that liquid crack. The Momofuku ramen comes with Tokyo style noodles, which are thick, wavy and yellow.  Not sure if these were egg or wheat based, but I did think they had the right springiness and tooth-feel that a well prepared ramen noodle should have.  Hakata style noodles (thin, white, straight, wheat) would have worked well in this light broth as well.  Ingredient wise, there was pork belly, a pulled pork shoulder, poached egg, baby bok choi, and garnished with diced scallions and a piece of nori.  All the ingredients were quite fresh and with the broth so light, it was easy to appreciate the crispness of the veggies and richness of the pork.  Personally, I prefer a thicker, heartier and more savory pork-based tonkotsu or miso broth, but I think the lightness of this broth has larger mass appeal.  What both me and my boy noticed was a hint of smokiness in this bowl of ramen, which was a nice twist and added an element of mystery.  Is that smokey flavor coming from one of the duo of pork ingredients??  Did the chef spill some of his scotch into the broth cause he was nursing a killer hangover and trying to drink himself back to baseline??  The possibilities are endless!! Whatever the root cause was, it really helped exemplify how David Chang has put his own personal twist to a traditional Japanese staple.  Sure this place is a rip off and is the antithesis of bang-for-your-buck ramen, but now I can say that I've had the pleasure of forming my own opinion at the ramen joint that started it all.
Noodle bar is probably my least favorite of the triumvirate. Although the new renovations/expansion significantly decreased the wait (on a Sunday night @ 8PM, we were immediately seated), the place is unbearably loud. The menu is less adventurous than Ssam or (obviously) Ko, but Noodle Bar is meant to be just a quick noodle stop. That said, the Momofuku ramen is alright. The noodles are thick and chewy, and the pork will melt in your mouth. However, the broth is WEAK. A poached egg and other additives/toppings helped a little, but broth will often make or break a bowl of ramen. I ordered the cold noodles last time (bibim gooksu) which were not as spicy as I would have liked. The somen noodles were OK. Oh, and the famous pork buns? I'm pretty sure this is the last time I'll order them. The portion size is pretty inconsistent and our buns were TINY. I love my pork, but for the price I'd much rather prefer traditional peking duck or even a $4 bowl of beef stew noodle soup somewhere in Chinatown. Ultimately, Noodle Bar is fun. Sometimes I wish the focus was more on the Asian street food is often derives its menu from. Some of the flavors I love in Chinese/Korean cuisine are diluted or completely absent at Momofuku, and the bill always ends up being double or even triple what I'd pay at some nitty gritty hub in Chinatown. It's an odd comparison but believe me it's apt-- both NB and the divey Cantonese places serve the same function, but the latter does it better and cheaper.   Besides, why would you go anywhere else but Ippudo for ramen?
I crave this ramen, I crave their food it's delicious. The whole restaurant works like clockwork in total harmony. Get ready to share the space with your neighbors around you. Great food, great vibe, great pretty much in all respects.
Had the fried chicken dinner (booked 1 month in advance), some buns and random sides. Everything was really, really good. I think I like the Saam Bar better, but this one is good too. Also, this one feels a bit more casual. Have not tried the ramen.
I really wanted to like the ramen....but I didn't. It was a little too sweet and not meaty enough for me. I expected a better broth from here but it was a little disappointing. My appetizers were tasty and interesting so definitely appreciate that.  Also took a stroll over to milk bar and got the cereal and milk ice cream which is always on point.
Pork buns and ramen are delicious!  One of the best I've had in the city so far.
One word. Overrated. What is all the buzz about? There was a line 30 deep waiting to enter on this Saturday morning. So it must be good right? We ordered the signature Momofuku Ramen and pork buns. The pork bun was well cooked but the sauce tasted like out of the jar hoisin sauce and way too greasy. The ramen is meh at best. I just lost interest in the ramen at the halfway point. Zzzzzzzzz.... As I was eating I was thinking I rather be eating at Ippudo! They have the best pork bun in NYC -- the sauce, which has a slight kick, was absorbed into the pork belly itself.  Ippudo stays true to traditional ramen, and not the frou-frou fusion ramen selection found at Momofuku.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon to a somewhat empty restaurant. Our server was great and made some really good recommendations. Ordered the Momofuku Ramen and pork and chicken buns. Actual noodles were top notch however I would have to agree with past reviewers that the soup was very salty. The poached egg helped diluting the soup a little bit and the pork and seaweed was definitely a better quality then what you get at other ramen shops. The pork belly bun was outstanding. What surprised me was really the chicken buns. There were two layers, one was a piece of fried chicken skin that had a great crunch! Another layer was ground up hash brown like chicken. I'll be back for the buns and their $20 prefix lunch menu. 1 app, entree, and desert!
This was good stuff, David Chang knows what he is doing.  I came here during a recent visit to NY after seeing In The Heights.  The menu is very small and seemingly simple.  I knew from reading Yelp reviews that I had to order the pork buns.  There is a restaurant back in SF that had tried to copy this concept from Momofuku, and having had both I can say that nothing beats the original.  The concept is similar to a Peking duck preparation (bun, scallion, and plum sauce), but the difference is that instead of crispy duck, you have fatty, fatty pork belly.  Dish was great, but to be honest I had to remove some of the pork fat (it was a bit too much for me).   We also had the toasted rice cakes, which were really like toasted mochi tossed in a spice sauce green onion on top.  This was one of my favorites of the night.  When the rice cake was toasted it was crisp on the outside but gooey in the middle with a delicious nutty flavor.  I also had the corn and potatoes with miso-butter, I will definitely be trying to recreate this one at home.  Finally we had the famous ramen.  It was extremely flavorful (pork tends to do that) and the noodles were perfectly chewy.  A swirl of the house-made soft serve (angle food cake and strawberry lemonade) was a perfect ending to the meal.  Loved the concept of the place and the execution was perfect.
So I have heard so much hype about Momofuku from the Martha Stewart show.  I was finally able to try it for the first time today.  I have to say, it was such a great experience!  Coming from Southern California, we do get a lot of good ramen, but this was excellent also! My husband and I had to wait for about 20 minutes on Saturday night at 7:30PM, which to me wasn't bad.  We got the steam bun with chicken, Momofuku ramen & the pork roast.  We really enjoyed all the items we got.  The food quality were excellent and steam bun with chicken was just fantastic!  The poached egg in the ramen was perfectly smooth!  The noodle itself was very good as well.   It is a very trendy restaurant with loud music.  It is very unlike other ramen shop I have been to where the ambiance is very traditional and quite.  The service was great.  It is a little pricy for ramen, but we think it was totally worth it! There were also quite a few more Momofuku establishments nearby, I hope I will have the chance to visit them sometime in the future also.
I had lunch here with a friend, and I had just the Momofuku ramen. It's yummy enough, but definitely not worth the price especially if you've had as much ramen in your life as I have-- I've had much better. I don't have any particular complaints about the place besides the price. I might drop by again to try the pork buns, but I can find better ramen at home.
What more needs to be said about Momofuku Noodle Bar? It's really that good. Pork steamed buns and the Momofuku ramen hit the spot. So good.
Sit at the bar and get the ramen.  Great place.
I was very excited eat at this place as I only get to the city 3 or 4 times a year.  I've always enjoyed watching David Chang cook (on TV) and have read good things about him.  The pork belly bun  did not disappoint.  It was well seasoned, very tender with the fat just melting in your mouth.  However, I was a disappointed with the Momofuku ramen.  The soup was not hot enough and for someone who eat a lot of noodle soup, this is a big issue.  Everything you add to the soup will bring the temperature down further and if you start with one that's not steaming or boiling hot, the soup will cool down very quickly during your meal.  The poached egg was cold (I assume they keep it that way so  that it doesn't overcook) but once you break it up in the soup, you basically have this yellow glob floating around.  Ideally, the hot soup should partially cook it further but this doesn't happen.  Furthermore, the soup base was also not very tasty.  Presentation looks great but for the fact that the bowl is too deep to use with the soup spoon.  Once you get past half the volume of the bowl, you won't be able to spoon soup out as it's too  short for the depth of the bowl. Decor is nice but the seating is crowded.  We're packed like sardines on the counter, elbow to elbow.   They have a hook to hang your bag under the counter but if you have a long coat, there's no way that will be sufficient.  I saw some ladies draped their coat over the stool and sat on top of it and did the same. So, overall, I wont be going back.  If you want to try it,  I can recommend the pork belly bun, but if you're a noodle soup lover, go to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown or Queens, it'll be a lot better and cheaper to boot.
SUMMARY Meh.  Not bad, not by a stretch--some amazingness to be had, certainly--but still: Meh. DETAILS ** The Buns ** We had every type of bun, and they were pretty good.  I didn't try the pork but it was claimed to be as good as pork gets by several in my party, and I believed them.  I tried the brisket and it was delicious.  The shrimp was nothing special.  Can't recall the rest. ** The Ramen ** I had the daily special, a fried tofu, chickpea, and kale veg bowl.  Plus points for being interesting and different, and it was a nice bowl overall, albeit too salty.  I sampled the chicken bowl too--it was better.  I'd try it again if I were back here. Overall the ramen here was typical of good ramen, which made me wonder why you'd wait an hour and a half to come here to get it when there are so many other places you could go to. ** The Desserts ** Awful.   The "truffle" was a butter ball, by which I mean, literally, it tasted and felt like a ball made half of butter and half of sugar.  I love butter but this bordered on being gross. Quote from a friend: "I used to think there was no such thing as too much butter.  I was wrong."   The Cap'n Crunch cookies were the same.   Then the soft serve ended up seeming flavorless, because the butter-sugar assault of the other two desserts drowned out its flavor. ** The Service ** Excellent!  But... ** The Hassle ** It was annoying just to get in the place.  You have to get on the list and the wait seems to be between 1 and 1.5 hours.  They call you when they're ready and then you have 10 minutes to arrive, otherwise you lose your seat.  When you arrive you wait a while longer.   Granted, we were here on a Saturday, which definitely contributed to the busy-ness.   And none of this is such a big deal--you can't fault them for being popular and for struggling to seat crushes of people, it's understandable.  But I don't know that the food I tried merited it.   If I wanted my dinner to be a production, the city has literally hundreds of other places I'd rather jump through hoops to go to. ** More Elaboration on the Meh-ness of it all ** The space itself is annoying.  The area by the door can't accommodate the people hovering there, waiting to be seated, so it ends up a kind of morass you can't quite get through or around, and it crowds some of the eaters too.  Once you're sat, there's nowhere to put your coat or scarf, so people end up sitting on their coats or resting them in their laps.   None of these is a deal-breaker or even particularly a big deal, but it's just another little thing on top of the other little things that amounts to an underwhelming experience. ** Caveats ** I didn't try the pork ramen, which is probably the best, nor did I try the renowned fried chickens, which you need to reserve weeks in advance.   Maybe these are worth the fuss?  Maybe if I'd tried these, my impression would've been different?   Maybe.  I doubt I'll find out, but maybe.
Went with two friends and were seated at the family style communal table. I really liked that you could get a good look at what people like to order. The three of us got the Momofuku Ramen with an order of shrimp buns. The ramen was delicious. There was a great variety of toppings and the noodles were chewy. The best was breaking the egg yolk and slurping those yolk dressed noodles. Sooo creamy and good. And the portion was perfect. It wasn't an absurd amount of soup. Now onto the shrimp buns. They were so good we had to order another round. The shrimp patty was sweet and nicely browned. The pale bun was soft and chewy and the fresh toppings gave a good crunch. I could order these regularly. Just so good. The group next to us ordered what looked like a type of dry noodles with veggies. Looked really appetizing. I would likely try that next time I'm in NYC. All in all, we would definitely return and are looking forward to exploring the menu and getting those shrimp buns again.
A bowl of hot Momofuku Ramen on a cold day seriously hits the spot. I don't think I have ever been to this place and it not be crowded. You must get the Green Tea slush, I think the small is the perfect size to have before that big bowl of ramen. Last time I had the sausage buns, but I would have to say the pork buns are better.
What a treat this was to find.  Great for a late-night, but very good meal.  A small place, but excellent food that's not much like what you've had before. I really liked the pork buns -- probably the best I've ever had. Unfortunately, this place is beer and sake only -- no hint of a margarita in the place. And don't forget to go to the bakery next door for a treat.
I think the dissatisfaction with MNB has to do mainly with the prices. Sure, there are ramen joints that do it cheaper. What I say in response to that is, "are they doing it with the same finesse?" Don't get me wrong, I don't like overpaying for things but I did feel the quality was there. For instance the egg in my ramen was slow cooked instead of hard boiled resulting in a custard-like yolk. I thought the ramen had great flavor with the exception of the pulled pork that was too dry and tasteless. The pork buns were very tasty. I did get pork belly overload though - I think may have a one bun limit. Being from San Francisco, I expect to see the origin of the ingredients on the menu (sometimes I expect to see their whole family tree as well). Also I really liked seeing lots of women in the kitchen. What I really want to do is the fried chicken meal. Someone sitting near me had it and I couldn't take my eyes off of it.
Surprised at the 3.5 star rating, especially given the rampant overinflation of reviews on Yelp.  I guess expectations are too high. This restaurant was quite tasty and reasonable for a Saturday lunch.  3 course prix fixe for $20, a steal it seems in NYC. Shrimp Buns Chicken Noodle Soup Olive Oil and Pickled Cherry Ice Cream The buns were incredibly delicious, as was the chicken noodle soup.  Ice cream was okay, but it did actually taste like the flavors they mentioned.  Maybe a failed experiment but I'm all for a little bit (not too much) science in my cuisine. Would come back, and well worth the stop for lunch.
Ippudo was a 2 hr wait so my friend and I headed here and to our delight, the wait was only 15 mins.  Stool seating, fast service and quick eating with an order of foie gras, pork buns and two momofuku ramen.  The foie gras was great, pork buns even better-especially two thick slices of pork belly oozing with fat=party in my mouth followed by a bowl of hot piping ramen.  The poached egg was amazing with the ramen along with...2 slices of delicious pork belly.  I almost couldn't finish my ramen.  Almost.
I arrived with my friends on a rainy evening last week and was flabbergasted at the crowd. I guess mother nature can't keep patrons away from David Chang's establishments. The service was great - we were served drinks (soju slushies are delicious) while we waited for our table, and were seated within 15 minutes of arriving, despite the 45 min wait the hosted originally quoted us. While the ambiance is fun, I was severely disappointed by our noodles. The broth was way too salty in the Chicken Ramen, and the Pork Ramen had a sickly faux bacon that still makes me nauseous when I think about it. While the buns were ok, they were not worth the $9 a pop. Skip the hype and go somewhere in Chinatown folks.
I saw so many reviews on this noodle bar. it was late at night and we venture out to the city to go to momofuku. the atmosphere is very nice, staffs are nice. One thing suddenly alarmed me is that all the staffs are non- asian....ding ding... the food wasn't authentic at all. Ramen noodles are pretty bad. The broth were too fatty and tasteless. The noodles are close to regular packaged ramen noodles. Guess what, i'm not going back to a good ramen bowl there.
hmm. was much better when I went years ago, but still not as great as some reviews would make it seem. Buns are good. I did have a lot of pork fat on mine but I ate it and it was delicious. There are definitely better buns out there and for 12 bucks, they should be perfect. I ordered the momofuku ramen and I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The egg was runny, the noodles the right firmness but the broth was too salty to be enjoyable. I know that ramen should have some level of saltiness but this seemed excessive to me. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it, but it's definitely not among the best ramen you can get, even in the immediate area. Ippudo is much much better, and I think I may even like their buns better. Rai Rai Ken is as good or better for Ramen, if you don't mind the lack of ambiance. At any rate, David Chang's restaurants are an experience, but given his fame I hold him to a higher standard. Service was efficient but I think the waiter could have been more friendly. I very politely confirmed that he'd gotten our whole order when my friend's buns came out 10 minutes after mine. I thought it was a reasonable question but his very curt response indicated otherwise. Anyways... I'd go back because nothing was bad per se (the side dish of green beens was great, minus the rubbery octopus bits that were thrown in). I dunno, just seemed like they are phoning it in now and that was a disappointment.
My quest to find a bowl of ramen that would live up to the bowls I tried in Japan has taken me to the wood-laden dining room of Momofuku Noodle Bar in the East Village. I went with a friend on a Saturday right when they opened, and while we didn't get a table immediately (I got there at 5:30 on the dot), we were seated with in half an hour at the bar. They have a thing that texts you when your table is ready, which was convenient. I ordered a small Apple Cider Soju slushie to start off, which was a pretty refreshing apple cider slushie with a kick. It had a nice hint of cinnamon and the soju flavor wasn't overpowering, and was overall not a strong drink. As a starter, we ordered an order of the brisket buns and pork buns so we could each try one of each. The pork buns each came with two thick slices of fatty pork belly on a sweet steamed bun, garnished with scallions, lightly brined cucumbers, and sauce. It was very juicy and well seasoned. They definitely beat out Ippudo's pork buns. However, they were beaten by the brisket buns! These buns came with a juicy slice of brisket garnished with shredded lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, and a mayo-based sauce. I personally liked the brisket buns more, but my friend said that there was too much mayo on the buns. For our main courses we got the Momofuku Ramen, their take on a shoyu ramen with a perfectly poached egg, kamaboko, scallion, seaweed, and pork. The broth was very clear and savory, and the noodles were of the perfect thickness and cooked to perfection. The pork was as juicy as the meat that was on the buns. The portion size was perfect as well. I think Momofuku's default shoyu ramen definitely beats out Ippudo's tonkotsu broth. The noodles and broth are superior. However, neither have beaten the ramen I found in some hole-in-the wall in Tokyo! The service here was prompt and professional, though I feel that they were trying to rush us a bit because of the need for a high turnover rate. My only complaint with the menu was the prices. I feel that the prices were a bit high for the food, but it was tasty enough to be worth an occasional trip. This will be my go-to ramen joint! Food is definitely worth a trip here. Try and get there a bit before opening.
Based on the fried chicken brunch feast. I think this feast is for a party of 6, you will get the right potions of food and not be hungry. Reservations were made far in advance. You get two chickens w veggies on the side, some tortilla pancakes and sauces. You know I like sauce and fried. They had four sauces accompanying these chickens and the top fav was the chopped ginger and scallion. This was a veeeeery happy, entertaining, tasty and messy brunch. But well worth the mess and remember to pace. Your eyes will make you dive and eat as fast as possible but you will discover that this chicken is indeed delicious and heavy. My abs. Fav. Was the saucy Korean style...the other one was a bit too crispy....almost too crispy borderline burnt that it was hard to chew....scared for my molars to crack chew.....so be careful (this is why I deducted a star....) anyway...the Korean style was killer...the perfect happy chicken. We also ordered a side of kimchi for the additional spicy kick ....ah! And the pork buns and shrimp buns (aside from the chicken feast) are truly highly recommended...I big,y encourage you to get both. Sooooo good.
If solely based on the Ramen, I'd give Momofuku 2 stars. If you want real ramen, go to Rai Rai Ken. It was just okay and WAY overpriced. Go for the shredded pork ramen at $10 if you must have ramen. I had the beef brisket nyumen and it was fine...just not $15 fine. The pork buns ARE VERY DELICIOUS. If I had to go back for some reason, I'd get two orders of the pork buns and hoard them all to myself. That's it. Pork buns from Chinatown are also very delicious, mind you. I appreciate new takes on tradition, but Momofuku sits right under the cusp...not worth the hour wait.
I just realized that my old Noodle Bar review is under the Momofuku-closed entry, so I just had to write again. I also just had the Fried Chicken Dinner and I have to say - it was super fun (and delicious)! For the bargain price of $100 we got a giant, heaping plate of fried chicken that attracted jealous stares of our neighboring tables - the wings Korean-style, breast traditional-style, and the drumsticks and thighs a bit of both. It came with a giant salad-bowl of fresh herbs (shiso - mmm), raw carrots, radishes, lettuce, and peppers and 4 diferent types of sauces (bibimbap, hoisin, sesame jalepeno, and a delicous green one packed with scallions), and of, course, moo-shoo to wrap it up in if you do desired. While some of my friends really enjoyed doing the moo-shoo thing, I preferred eating the chicken with my hands and slathering it with the various sauces and taking bites of shiso. Not the most sophisticated, I know. While the fried chicken was not the best I'd ever had, it was pretty good and the chicken was cooked extremely well. Moist and meaty in the inside and crispy on the outside. The Korean-style chicken reminded me of Bon Chon, but less sweet (even compared to the Bon Chon spicy), more meat, and better cooked. Plus, you can't beat all the fun sauces and fresh herbs you get (and the leftovers still taste pretty good the next day). Btw, it is definitely a lot of food. More for 6 or 8 people than for 4 or 5. And overall a fun thing to do with a group of friends (but then again, so is the giant pork butt, which is also tasty and makes up for some of Ssam bar's stumbles - that's another conversation) But the Fried Chicken dinner aside, Momo Noodle Bar has great small dishes. I am still not a huge fan of their noodles with the overly fatty broth, but many of the small dishes are fresh and tasty, like the miso fingerling potato and corn dish, the fresh and beautiful heirloom tomato and melon salad with little crunchies, and the pork tongue salad with cipollini onions and mustard sauce. And of course, the buns, which I probably don't even need to mention since its the signature Momo dish.
It was a rainy night and a warm, steaming bowl of ramen was going to hit the spot. With all the hype surrounding the Momofuku joints, I decided to see what this place was all about, and how it would stack up against my all time ramen favorite, Ippudo. We got the pork belly buns to start off. It was fatty and juicy...but I didn't feel any wow factors as I've had with the ones at Ippudo. The chicken wings were okay. As for the ramen? It's good. Much better than most places I've been to. It's definitely a classy and hearty ramen with a good broth, firm noodles, and plenty of pork. I judge ramen by the use of bean sprouts. I associate ramen with bean sprouts as cheap and salty.  Good thing Momofuku doesn't use them in theirs. It's a pretty cool place overall, but because I sat at the bar on stools w/o a back, the dinning experience felt uncomfortable and cramped. Any other day I would've been okay hovering over a bowl of ramen if it was meant to be a fast meal.  But it's not a fast meal at a place like this where I actually want to savor the food and enjoy the company I'm with...without worrying about falling off my seat...
MJ's Star : 3 Price : Momofuku Ramen $16 (excluding tip and tax)
momo ramen pork buns brussel sprouts i am in heaven!!! expensive yes.  but those three dishes are worth it.
After so much buzz I decided to give it a whirl. Not impressed! Had potato nuggets, Bleh and momofuku ramen. Too soupy for my taste not much pork belly, actually just 1 piece, and not many veggies. I left feeling not very satisfied. 1 for the bucket list.
Everything we had for dinner here was awesome. Plus, there was a Batali spotting while we were there, which is always a good sign (even though his gingery ponytail kept creeping into my line of vision). I know everyone raves about the pork buns, but try the shrimp buns. Absolutely amazing. The oysters with miso and blood orange were also a highlight. Waitstaff was very good, too. Looking forward to returning!
I think Ippudo is far better!
As a beginning-of-the-year treat for my friends, I planned a night out at Momofuku's for their fried chicken dinner. It's not a bad deal, especially if you're bringing more than five people. $125 for a giant platter of fried chicken (Korean and Southern style), a basket of veggies, moo shu pancakes and a selection of sauces. The difficult part is landing a reservation for the dinner, a process that involves a weirdly anachronistic website format, patience and luck. The chicken is great, both styles. My group was split down the middle on what people preferred, but for my money, the Southern style was where it was at. Crispy skin, flavorful breading and juicy chicken inside. Fantastic. The extras just seemed like an impediment to shoving chicken into my mouth as quickly as possible, but some of my more classy friends patiently shredded their chicken and made little wraps and sandwiches. Beside the pre-planned meal, we enjoyed some pork and shrimp buns which were both really good. My apple cider slushy was pretty weird and a friend called it downright gross. One thing that surprised me, given the constant talk of the huge wait to eat at the Noodle Bar was how empty the restaurant was when we arrived a few minutes before 6:00. Things got crowded at 7:00 and was jam packed when we left at 7:30. So a simple tip: Plan to eat early! I think I'll take my own advice sometime in the near future and check out their famous Ramen.
My friend and I came here one late night and ordered their Momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached eggs) and their famous pork buns. Unfortunately since I don't eat pork belly, I can't comment on their pork buns. But my friend, whose is a very picky and experienced eater, said their pork buns are the best she's ever had so they must be exceptional. I recommend pork belly lovers to try them out. Their ramen is solid but not amazing. It cannot measure up to Ippudo and Totto ramen. I remember the broth was a little too salty and not very flavorful. I recommend people to only come here for the pork buns.
Pork, eggs, noodles, Yes! I like to order more than I can eat and reheat things the next day for lunch. I like pork buns. I like ice cream. Hitachino & orion beers, mmmm. All the food I have tried here in my dozen or more visits has always been great. All I say (as others have too) try to avoid the lines if you can--it can be crazy--or be prepared to wait. Though the new space has a few more places to sit (and 2 bathrooms)! This place is a destination of a growing east village food empire and I approve (though I do not live in the east village).
So much hype, not undeserved, but it really can mess with your experience. That said, I really liked it at Momofuku. Killer vibe, bf thought it felt very Portland, which always makes us happy (there's nothing like home). Sujo slushy, Dark & Stormy flavor, started me off on a happy, gingery note. Then kimchi, HEAVY on the salt, but it's kimchi, so I'm not allowed to really say much about that. Pork buns, super hyped, deservedly so. Momofuku Ramen-- $16, tasty but not a revelation, which I feel sad about. Back to that kimchi that I thought was so salty... Full and happy. Could happily sit all night at that bar.
As much as it pains me to give 4 stars to an establishment with such crappy ramen, it's their pork buns that bowled me over. For anyone who came with high expectations for the ramen, please.. there isn't even a lone strand of black hair from one Japanese dude in the back slaving over a simmering pot of deliciousness. Skip the over-priced, MSG-based noodles and head straight for the over-priced PORK BUNS. So yes, Momofuku, "Yay! I'm a fan" of your piggy on a blanket (and crack pie, but that's another review for another bar).
Pros: Some of the best pork I have ever had in my life. Moist yet a little feathery, juxtaposed with absolutely delicious thin layers of fat. And then it was in a fantastic broth...and the noodles! Oh...the noodles. They were perfectly prepared, filling and so tasty. The texture was slightly chewy, but only very slightly. It was just perfect. Cons: The waitresses were annoyingly hip, and basically bad at their jobs. They accidentally brought me two beers, and one of them joked "Just drink both...heh heh." I was not amused.
$14 for a bowl of noodles and some dry ass chicken?  Me thinks not.  However, the RC Cola here is like crack.  The more I drank, the more I wanted to eat.  Beware.
Can be very crowded on a weekend. If that's your only chance to go, I would go because it's really good. Just know it might take a while and they don't take reservations. A weeknight is better if you can make it. The momofuku ramen and pork buns are awesome.
Best place I ate at in the city all weekend. I was immediately hooked on the shrimp and shitake buns. Also tried a rice cake with butternut squash and apples - equally delicious. Would absolutely return to Momofuku Noodle Bar.
Very disappointed!! I have heard this place for a long time and finally my husband and I got a chance to try it out...after a long walk from Union square station in a chilly windy evening. But the food, the decor, and the service were not impressed at all. The pork buns were tasty but a little fatty; one bun for one person will be a good portion. My Momofuku ramen was salty and no flavor at all. First sip was good, then my tongue got boring. I can't even finish the whole bowl. My husband ordered ginger and scallion ramen, and I think it was better. But it's simple...just blend up the ginger and scallion with salt and E.V.O.O in the food processor, then put the mixture on the cooked angle hair. Then you got it!! 'under 3 dollars!!! The place was very crowded. We had to share a table with some strangers shoulder by shoulder. Very uncomfortable. And I think the Republic on the Union Square got a better decor. Glad that we arrived early and we didn't wait. I think the food is overpriced here. If I am paying this price for a ramen, I would rather pay a little extra and enjoy my evening in Nobu. I guess this is my first and last trip to Momofuku.
4.5 stars. This was in the summer '13so the menu has changed a bit! The wait for seating is never long. Came here on a weekend lunch and it was pretty packed, but we were seated in less than 15 minutes. *Pork Buns: A must, the pork melts in your mouth. Some sort of sauce or cream would make this dish flawless I think. Sriracha is provided on the table, and it goes really well with the bun. Short Rib Bun: Also good, but pork buns were better and juicier. Momofuku ramen: Comparable to the good ones in Los Angeles. Far better than Ippudo's although each has their solid fan base. I liked the noodles used at Momofuku - chewier, and to me, more authentic. *Ginger scallion noodles: Would get again and again. The best noodle dish in this establishment. Good amount of sauce to cover all the noodles and the cucumbers add a refreshing crunch. Chilled Spicy noodles: The Szechuan spice is spicier than expected, but not too much. Go to the nearby Momofuku milk bar for some cereal ice cream afterward!
This restaurant was not all it was "spiced" up to be. The food was mediocre and the staff was not friendly at all. For the wine- expect to pay A LOT for about two sips- there isn't much of a selection. The food- if you aren't satisfied, or something is wrong, they don't ask or care what the issue is. they barely acknowledge your concern and say sorry. The soup barely had any broth and if you want more it's $3.00. Price wasn't too bad but when you take away the chef. It's just a little over priced noodle restaurant. The soup was cold and the kimchi was soupy- we asked for more cabbage since there were all of four pieces - but it's $1.00 extra..of course. I would definitely shop around for other places to eat before you go to this spot.
My best friend and I went here on a cold rainy winter day when we were craving hot ramen. She got the Momofuku Ramen (berkshire pork combo) and I got the Chicken Ramen, and we both thought mine was better. If you're a huge pork fan, go with the Momofuku Ramen, but if you don't care for pork or fatty meats, then don't get it. The chicken in my Chicken Ramen was crunchy, flavorful, and delicious! As with all popular restaurants, the line was really long, but we were seated in less than 45 minutes during prime dinner time on a Friday night, so not TOO bad. It also feels quite cramped when your'e eating because you're seated RIGHT next to everyone else in a bar-style table. But if you don't mind that, this place is great!
There are very few places that are worth waiting extended periods of time for. Even fewer places that are worth waiting 2.5 hours for. And only one place that I can think of that is worth spending those 2.5 hours waiting in temperatures below zero. Momofuku Noodle Bar is that place. My sister is a New York native, and the rest of my fam and I were in New York visiting her. We have a pho place that we live 2 blocks away from, so with the cold whether, we were craving something similar. We show up, without reservations, and notice that approximately half of the greater New York City area was also in the mood for Momofuku Noodle Bar (an exagerration, of course.) The pork bun was soft, melt in your mouth, and a perfect combination of so many different asian tastes and more. The ramen walked the delicate balance between salty and underflavored, too busy and not enough going on. Each dish had a certain elusive and indescribable quality that set it apart from the conventional dishes that they one-offed. The wait is the only thing I can recommend to be mindful of, especially if you made the mistake (like we did) of not coming in with a reservation.
My boyfriend and I took advantage of the $20 lunch prix fixe, and it was one of the best meals I had during my stay.  I had a winter squash soup as my starter.  Thick, but hearty enough to ease my hunger at the time.  The next course was a perfectly cooked sea scallop.  The entree was hanger steak topped with an egg.  Best steak and eggs that I have ever had in my life!   What truly blew my mind to close the meal was the pickled cherry and olive oil soft-serve twist.  I was very dubious about this when I ordered, it didn't read like the ideal dessert to me.  Boy was I wrong.  We were talking about the soft-serve on the way out and to Union Square. David Chang is the real deal.  Ssam bar and Noodle bar are my two favorite eating spots in NYC.  And the music selection is top notch.
I went to Noodle for the Fried Chicken Dinner last night. To get the reservation ranks up their with a quest, let me tell you! The server was super friendly and nice. The pork buns were superb as always. And, now, I finally understand the hype about asian fried chicken. Absolutely spectacular.
Note: This is a review of the fried chicken dinner offered by Momofuku Noodle. I've not been to this particular venue otherwise. I was cordially invited by some friends to partake in a fried chicken dinner at Momofuku recently. There was a reservation for 8 and they needed one more, I'm in. I didn't know much about this ordeal and hadn't looked into it beforehand, but I do recall hearing about it before (I thought it was similar to the pig roast done at Ssamm, which I had read about). They initially came by with a big bowl of veggies, which largely consisted of greens, carrots and beets. I quizzed my friends on how this worked as some had had this dining experience last summer. There wasn't much too it, just that a big platter of fried chicken comes out and everyone digs right in. When the platter did eventually arrive I was in awe. Stacked high and mighty, it was split down the middle. On one side was the Asian style fried chicken, covered in a tasty and slightly zingy sauce. I was a little nonplussed with the other side as it initially looked like it may have sat in the fryer a wee bit too long. We were also provided with a number of wraps to stuff the goodies in. Given the aforementioned, I decided to first dive into the Asian style fried chicken. Swan dive actually. It was delicious and had a wonderful crunchy texture with very moist and succulent chicken bits hiding underneath. Tucked a few of those into the wraps and away we go. Then I turned my eye to the slightly less attractive fried chicken. I was a bit hesitant at first, but wow, looks can definitely be deceiving. The chicken bits themselves were very tender and juicy, and the fried crispy exterior was actually quite yummy and did not have any sort of burnt taste. Apparently these reservations are a bit hard to come by as my friend mentioned she had to stake out her computer at just the right time for a few mornings. And given that the 8 of us each paid just $20 (not including alcohol), I can see why these reservations are so coveted. I would definitely recommend the fried chicken dinner if you happen to have an opportunity to go.
my friend and i started with the pork buns then the rabbit and pork sausage.  the pork in the bun was a bit fattier than i would have liked.  the bun was light and fluffy.  the buns were good but not to die for or worthy of top 10.  just good. the sausage was delicious paired with a fennel marmalade and fried egg.  i had the momofuku ramen which had the best pork ever.  it melted in my mouth.  this is what sets momofuku aside.  the noodle are more chewy due the homemade quality.  the waitress at teh bar was really knowledgeable about the ingredients.  they served quickly.   it was great to go early to beat the crazy crowds.
Everything everyone says about the pork buns is true. They are drool worthy good. Just melt in your mouth fatty pork and I can see why people love them. As for the momofuku ramen. The first few bites/sips of the broth are really enjoyable but after that it became so salty that I could barely continue eating. I know ramen broth is supposed to be salty, believe me, but this was so salty that it became impossible to eat after a while. Those were the only things I tried so I can only speak to them but I'm not really sure it was worth the hype and the price. The restaurant is loud and fun and its an experience to be there but I won't be going back again anytime soon.
Comfort non-comfort food -- the best, interesting Ramen around and unbelievable Pork Buns.
I heard momofuku milk bar was really good... I was researching for food on yelp for dinner... When I saw this momofuku noodle bar and the reviews I was excited. It was a trek for me going from uptown to downtown? Is that right? Lmao...whatever... I figured it's raining not a lot of ppl are going to be there... No the wait for 3 ppl was approx. 45 minutes and we didn't even get our own table we shared! But hey we got seated... All of us got the ramen and got the pork bun. Like my stars... This place was meh...The pork bun was good the ramen not so much... It was a bit salty and it was a bit warm... Unfortunately I had better ramen in LA.. Maybe because the ramen places are truly "Japanese"
It was good. But...are you ready... My ramen was very salty. I eat A LOT of ramen and the overtly salty flavor took me by surprise. I like salt, so it's not a kill for me, but my doc may say otherwise. The pork belly wasn't as flavorful as I had thought it would be. Other than those 2 personal choices, it was good. Again, the pork belly buns were good. But I have had better. The pork was just not flavorful. They weren't not good, just not very flavorful. Service I am fairly certain the waitress forgot to put our order in. When I did get her attention, I pointed to the empty plates and I shrugged my shoulders and smiled. She breezed by and said, "it's coming" in a smug tone. We waited 20-25 min for 4 pork buns. Another table nearby was seated after us. they waited 15 min for a table. We waited 30 min for a table. We ordered before they had been seated. They had received and finished their buns and were eating their ramen before we even had our buns. They were a table of 3 and so were we. Also, 3 ladies sitting directly behind us, placed their order about 3 minutes before our buns arrived. We were eating our buns when their bun order showed up. So, I am not sure what was going on, I'm guessing human error with unfortunate misread attitude from a busy night? I'd like to add... I am a HUGE fan of ramen soup. I have started my quest to eat at all (or as many as my gastronomically challenged stomach allows) the different ramen joints in the city. I'm a recent fan of David Chang, so I will try it again. If the service is better, great! If the soup is still a bit salty, I'll drink a lot more water. My boyfriend lives a couple of blocks from the Milk Bar in Brooklyn...um... Yum --Garbage cookie and cake balls, the latter of which was consumed as recently as last saturday. We've watched his show just about 2 times over on Netflix and the boyfriend recently bought me the Momofuku book as a 4 year anniversary present...and I LOVE IT.
what a disappointment! Honestly, I have never tasted such a tasteless ramen in my life. Well actually that is not true, when my sister makes ramen noodles, it tasted like the ramen noodles from momofuku. The hype is extremely glorious for such a place that does that live up to par with t he ramen experience. So here goes... the soup tasted like boiling water with a "splash" of salt to taste, the pulled pork tasted like unseasoned pork. The only one thing i would give credit to is their innovative urge of placing poached egg on top. I could never perfected the combination of egg on my ramen, but coming here definitely satisfied the search of egg type. I guess since I am asian, it is really difficult to satisfy the palate when it comes to ramen. My server could put together a great tasting ramen for less then $1 in cost. seriously, $16 for a ramen noodle? Ridiculous. Not really recommended if you want to have a wonderful ramen noodle. Overpriced for a meal you can actually prepare yourself and taste actually much better then this one. Definitely a NO go. Oh and one of the chef is extremely rude and khaki.
Okay...so after hearing about how good the noodles are from my friends...I decided to come here with them....this was a couple years ago...btw The place is small...and if you have a large party coming here it might be difficult. Anywho after trying their cold ramen noodles...i really have to say it was ok....nothing special.. However I would come back again...just to give it another try...
I really really wanted to try out their fried chicken, but alas you have to order a month in advance.  Why such advance notice? Anyways, despite that frustration, the food here was really delicious, starting with the steam buns -- chicken was good, shiitake was even better.  My group of three was really original for the main course, as we all had ramen.  It was one of the better bowls of ramen I've had in a while.  What made it so tasty was the tender pork meat inside.  Yes, it was kind of salty, but that's OK in my book!
Who ever raved about this place, may I suggest Ippudo??? I went there on a friday night. The wait was only 20 mintues, which surprised me because I've heard there's always a long wait. However, if I've waited longer for food with this quality, I'd probably throw the dish back to the chef. I got the ramen, the soup was bland, the pork belly was too fatty, the pork shoulder had a weird smell, and the pouched egg came with a overly-liquidy texture.  The only thing that didn't fail was the noodle, which was chewy, just the way I like it. I was starving when I got there, and ramen has always been my comfort food, but I didn't leave with satisfication. I mean how good could the ramen be if it is opened by a Korean guy? I'm so glad that I have tried this place, so now everytime I pass it by, instead of repeating to myself that "one day when there's less people," the crowd could just be a scene that I laughed at.
headed to the east village for dinner at noodle bar. got there around 8:45pm. it was a sunday night, i thought we were in the clear in terms of line-ups. but i forgot that it was the night before july 4th, meaning everyone was off the next day and didn't need to be up in the morning. waited about 45 minutes, neither of us really cared, we expected a wait. we sat at the bar, which i actually preferred as it super cozy & we were able to talk to the bartender. i ordered a session lager ($5), mark opted for the momofuko lychee slushie ($10) which was spiked with soju (a korean vodka). the slushie was out of this world, sweet, smooth and very very boozy. i regretted by beer instantly. up next was appetizers. i was so excited about the food i neglected to take pictures of everything but did snap this one of my appetizer of pigtails with kimchi pears. don't be turned off by the pigtails, they had the same consistency and flavour of short ribs, but were fattier (in a good way) and more succulent. they were tossed in a pretty standard korean bbq-like sauce. the kimchi pears were awesome, pickley, briny yet sweet on the inside. i'm contemplating trying out the recipe here at home. also shared two types of buns: oyster buns & chang's famous pork buns. let me preface this by saying that the buns are really buns like you'd get at an asian bakery. they are more like asian tacos. the pork buns deserve every drop of ink that has been written about them. the outer shell was doughy and chewy, and the contents inside were breathtakingly good, melt in your mouth pork belly (oh how i love you), scallions, pickled carrots & hoison sauce. the oyster buns were also very good, old bay oysters were panko (i think) crusted, deep fried & dressed with pickled celery, hoisin and iceberg lettuce. we shared a main, it was a mistake, we both could have eaten an entire bowl. we opted for the classic momofuko ramen which featured a delicious broth (with beautiful beads of pork, beef and chicken fat floating on top), handmade noodles, shredded pork shoulder, pork belly, scallions and chang's perfectly cooked slow-poached egg. i was in ramen heaven. i literally wanted to wrestle the bowl away from mark and hightail it out the door to hide in some dank alley and spend a couple quiet moments savouring the deliciousness. seeing that we had dessert earlier in the day, we opted out.
More like a 3.5  but I will get to that. Its a very trendy looking place and judging by the crowd (hey I'm one of 'm) hipster approved. Started out drinking some Harpoon UFO white beer, was pretty refreshing, Got a bowl of Momofuku Ramen (pork belly,shoulder and poached egg) it satiated my appetite very well. Got roasted corn as a side and that was even better, had fingerling potatoes and scallions in it and i wanted to order more, the only misstep was the seven spices crackers which turned out to be potato chips that were over spiced ,like if you took some lays and covered them with seasoned salt. The wait to be seated was not long but the service did leave a little to be desired thus costing them a half star in my eyes
The only reason to come here is for the pork buns, which are pretty freaking tasty. Everything else is what you would expect from your regular neighborhood ramen joint. If the noodles were better I'd give this place a at least 4 stars. The ambience is nice, modern and chilled out, so Asian people bring your white friends!
It's now a tradition I go here everytime I'm visiting.  The pork buns are the best way to start the meal.  Get the ramen noodle- won't fail you!
All my NYC friend love this place! I like the fusionary-type dishes, old bench seating. I remember lots of exotic mushrooms and that about it. The double chicken fry was starting to be very clique.
noodles are overly salty. ssam bar is better if you want to experience David Chang's talent.
We came here fairly hungry, around 3:00 on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was pretty packed. Luckily we were seated within a couple of minutes next to another family (tables are joined together with utensil boxes placed in the middle as dividers). I have to say that the noodle dish itself was mediocre. I've had much better noodles in tastier broth, so was disappointed when I tried the Momofuku Ramen (served with shredded pork and poached egg). But...the beef tongue and steamed pork buns dishes were out of this world! My husband and brother-in-law literally licked the beef tongue plate dry. They raved about the sauce, quality of meat, everything about that plate! In fact, had they not ordered the ramen, they would have ordered another plate of the tongue. My sister-in-law, niece and I had the steamed pork buns, and they were heavenly. Reminded me of the peking duck with steamed bun dish served at Chinese banquets, but juicier and tastier. I can't explain it better than my niece's quote: "it's so good, it's like a party in your mouth!" And, I just have to comment about the service - excellent! The waiters/ waitresses were super fast and super efficient. Water was served immediately as soon as our rears hit the stools and refilled the second the water line is an inch or so below the rim. Order was taken quickly and served within 5 minutes or so. It seemed as if the staff constantly scans the room and monitors for body language and quickly slides over to our table even before we can raise our hand to request for service! Super efficient, well coordinated, friendly staff! Overall, we had a good experience. If you do go, try the appetizers - very tasty - but pass on the noodles, unless you are super hungry and need fillers.
To die for spicy cold noodle. Don't attempt to try this dish unless you can take very spicy food. I love all the ingredients in this noodle bowl, fresh spinach, roasted cashews, spicy pork, and cold noodles blends well together.  The shitake mushroom bun was very flavorful and juicy but a tad bit too salty for my liking. Next time I come, I'll def try to organize a chicken dinner as it looked scrumptious. Try to get here by 6/6:30 on a week night and you won't have trouble getting a seat.
Hands down best Pork buns. Other faves: Kimchee ramen, Tri tip appy...when it's on the menu. DC doesn't apologize for his food and flavors. I'm a big pork fan.....give me pork anything and I'll try it. At times this place can be a little heavy handed with the salt. Minca gives you a bigger portion for the Kimchee ramen, but doesn't have a big selection of small plates like Momo Noodle Bar.
I came here with a friend from out of town on my recommendation even though I had never been here. I had however been to ssam bar and had loved that so i figured it would be on par with that. Happily enough it was. we had 2 orders of the pork buns which are the best thing ever and I could eat them for days. My friend agreed. then we had the char dish which while not what I expected was very very good, Then we had a bowl of the ramen. This was the first time I had had "real" ramen and man it blows away the shitty 25 cent packs. The broth was smoky and porky and delicious and the noodles were just firm enough. add those two to hunks of pork belly, scallion, pork shoulder, fish cake and a silky smooth soft boiled egg and you have soupy heaven. and I don't even like soup. so yeah I'm gonna come back here with the fiancee cause she loves her some ramen (and I mean the cheap stuff too)
We went there on a Friday night and the wait was around 1 hour. However, totally worth the wait. The Ramen noodle was truly sensational.  If not better, for sure the same level as what I had in Japan. We had our dishes with a side of home made kimchi which was also excellent. David Chang has successfully created a simple but delicious menu. I also liked the vibe of the restaurant. It is a perfect place for a Friday night drinking food :D
Had brunch there today. Very friendly staff. Reasonably quick service given the crowd. The $20 brunch special was awesome: A fantastically delicious pork bun and tasty dessert with ramen (w/pork) as the main course. The ramen was better the last time I was here. Today the pork was a bit dry, and I'd give 4.5 stars if I could. A friend got brussel sprouts and they were fantastic. This is one of the tastiest restaurants I've ever eaten at. The little dessert with the prix fixe was very tasty, like a golf ball of apple pie (you'll see what I mean). The beer is excellent and reasonably priced. Point your snout in David Chang's direction.
My friend told boyfriend & I that we MUST visit here if we're in NY so we did. It was okay for the price. I did like the pork buns a lot (the meat was fatty and tender) and the servers were friendly enough but it was just so expensive for the amount they give you. We got the ramen too and I definitely had better. I'm not sure if it's because we're spoiled by Cali prices but honestly, I just felt like there must be more delicious Asian fusion food in NY for the same or better cost.
Great pork buns, loved their frozen sochu drinks, Ramen and potato side dish was insanely salty. Expensive.
Fried chicken review! Really spectacular, to put it simply. The fried chicken dinner is pretty simple: Korean fried chicken, southern fried chicken, scallion pancakes, various veggies, and 4 dips / sauces. That's what $125 gets you. Now, we had four people and a ton of left overs... We could have easily done five people and still been stuffed. The Korean fried chicken is double fried, and just perfect. You know that sound that fried chicken makes on commercials? That ridiculously fake crunch? That's the sound this chicken makes. The sauce (more of a glaze really) is a mix of hot chili sauce and hoisin, and is just perfect. With this you get wings, drum sticks and a couple thighs. The southern fried chicken is a bunch of gigantic breasts. Delicious, succulent, juicy, breasts. The skin and breading were amazingly flavored and crispy and chewy, and did I mention the chicken was juicy? You could squeeze the deliciousness out of it with your fingers. I did without the lettuce or making any wraps. The scallion pancakes were more like thick Asian tortillas. They were ok, but I ate them in their own with just some of the dipping sauces. If you bring 6 people, this is a pretty reasonably priced meal at $21 a person. Only real issue here was with the service. It was fair inattentive, and hard to even order a drink. More than a few times, a hand would unexpectedly and unannounced come within about half an inch from my face to refill my water. Ok, great, thanks for the water, but at least let me know you are there before you creep over my shoulder. Anyways, rant about service aside, the fried chicken is excellent, and I will be back for more.
So this has become one of those restaurants where I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is pretty good but I've fallen in love with one item and get it every time I go in. That item is the chilled spicy noodles with sausage, spinach and cashews. That'd be on my short list of possible death row meals. Maybe someday I'll come in here and get something else but I don't know if that's going to be anytime soon. Prior to discovering that dish I'd had the Ramen which was good but the broth is extremely heavy and leaves you feeling like you drank a liquid brick after you get about halfway through with it. The pork buns are very good but not special to this location as they're served at all Momofuku locations. The kimchi jar is fucking incredible, however, and has become a mainstay of my trips there now. I've picked at other friends plates while here and for the most part I haven't found anything that isn't tasty. Anyway, I'll be back, I'll study the menu carefully and think everything sounds delicious and then get the same thing I get every time.
I came here with a couple of my college friends whom I haven't seen in a long time. The place is clean, modern, and hip. I expect nothing less from all the hype I've heard about this place. Most of our party was there but they won't seat us until everyone is here. This is a minor annoyance; however, the place is not that big. We finally got seated and each ordered a momofuku ramen. One of my friends who love spicy food got the chilled spicy noodle. (I had a taste, it was pretty spicy). The ramen was neatly decorated with some japanese fish sticks, two pieces of pork belly meat, couple lumps of shredded pork shoulder, and a slightly cooked egg. The broth is flavorful but not as rich as the broth I've had at other places. The portion is just right, slightly more than what Ippudo gives. I was pretty satisfied, but kind of wishing they give a little bit more. The $16 per bowl of delicious ramen is quite expensive, but I would definitely come back again.
This review is on the food, not the ramen.  If I want ramen I'm off to Ippudo. I had the pleasure of having the chicken dinner last week, and WOW was it grand.  For chicken alone, the Korean bon chon style was better than any other I have had.  The American style is good, but it becomes great when you eat it with all the asian condiments.   Overall, if you can get a reservation, you should feel lucky...
If you can, go on a weekday during the midday. No waits. I thought the porkbuns were good. Tender pork, just way too much fat for my taste. I also ordered the kimchi potatoes, interesting combination, but good enough for me. I have had better at a certain japanese joint in nyc that shall remain nameless. You guys know what I'm talking about. This place is ok. My rec is to skip the potential wait and hit the milk bar. Get your pork buns there because my friends who ate with me say the ramen is just alright.
Wow.... I am surprised by looking at good reviews here..... I went there just for Ramen so I had a Momofuku Ramen..... Oh dear,,,, That is not Ramen~~~! That is noodle with broth. Please don't call it as Ramen. The broth doesn't taste anything. I'm glad to know that this is not a Ramen place. It categorized as an American. That makes me feel better. After looking at reviews, I should give them another chance but not Ramen. I would never have a Ramen there but might want to try other foods someday. Reason for 2 stars: - Momofuku Ramen wasn't Ramen to me. I just had a Ramen so 2 stars for the Ramen.
Momo-fuk-me gently with a soup spoon. This was on my to-eat list when I went to New York. David Chang is just a likeable fellow too, so I bit. Lines were ridiculous everytime we walked by, which is understandable for a reputable and fairly small space. After 3 straight nights of pickleback shots I wanted a ramen cure. We checked out of our hotel a little early, but the restaurant wasn't open yet so we said our goodbyes to NY down the block with a mimosa. Then decided to have one more slice of pizza and a japanese hot dog while we waited. We weren't that hungry at this point, so we split a bowl of the momofuku ramen. The ingredients were notably of high quality, noodle texture consistent and al dente, but the broth was a little underwhelming. Broth is key. So I was a little disappointed. It was decent just not great. We also had an order of truffles, which way too dense and decadent for my taste. I'm glad I got a chance to see what the hype was about, but I'm afraid I probably won't go again because it didn't live up to it.
On another level, at least, until you have the ramen. Not that the ramen is bad by any means, but it's certainly not the type of ramen you would wait a long time for, or pay more than you would the competition for. Not often anyway. My favorite is their miso ramen, a particularly strongly flavoured and challenging broth, although the noodle still falls short (usually too hard). But you know where Momofuku can't go wrong. Of course, you've heard about the pork buns. They are a legend entirely too true. Maybe you've tried the chicken, oyster and fish buns as well on occasion, and always found your way back to the pork belly. Nothing could be better than those heavenly bites tucked inside the just as heavenly pillowy clouds... but then you have the brisket buns, and all the standards are redefined again, because this just hit the pork buns out of the park. Unbelievable you say? But how often have you believed the unlikely things you've heard about anything Momofuku, until you tried them? And inevitably, once you tried it, you swore by it. I know I did, and still do (other familiar cases in point for reference, from the milk bar: compost cookies, cereal milk softies). In terms of moisture, juiciness, tenderness, amazingness, the brisket is everything you expected, hoped, and prayed for, if not better (chances are it's better). Your imagination never tasted anything like this, it's that good. Non-food notes: shared benches are cool; bathrooms could be cleaner; servers are all good looking and friendly, but with a slight hint of almost rehearsed attitude (adorable if you ask me).
I don't know what to say other then go there and eat pork buns.
From a vegetarian perspective it was meh. Had some spicy rice cakes that were rubber pieces covered in a sriracha sweet sauce and ginger scallion noodles that were oki. I'm sure if i was not a veggie i'd enjoy the menu more.
I've been here before and I've never been more disappointed this time. Something changed in the flavor of their momofuku ramen, it doesn't taste as good as I remember. Plus the fact that the ramen is the most saltiest food I've ever tasted. Even my friends who came with me said the same thing. Sad to say, but WE'RE NOT GOING BACK.
I'm a big fan of Japanese Ramen and noodle soups in general. When the boyfriend and I visited NYC in May, we had this place at the top of our list of places to eat at. We started with the Hudson Valley Foie Gras. We had never had Foie Gras before, and since it is now illegal in CA, we had to try it. It was delicious. I had the Momofuku Ramen whicih was A-Mazing. For dessert we had the White MIso Pudding. It was interesting and tasty, but I would have probably enjoyed something sweeter. Next trip to NYC, I definitely must go back here. And visit the Milk Bar too, since we didn't have enough time to go there.
My wife and I planned this trip to New York with only one important goal: eat at at-least-one of David Chang's restaurants. Thus we ended up at the noodle bar. It's been a while since either of us has been in Manhattan, so yes, we're a little behind-the-times, but Momofuku totally lived up to the hype. We went in for lunch expecting the place to be packed. It was full, but not uncomfortably so, and we were seated immediately at the bar. Our server behind the bar was friendly but casual, professional but not stuffy, and was completely happy for us to linger at his bar, trying different things, changing our minds, and putting him through his paces. We started off with the five-spice chips, and then had the pork buns and roasted rice cakes as appetizers. All were terrific. I was hot in Manhattan and as much as I wanted to try the Ramen, I order the chilled spicy noodles which was delectable and also a nice, light entree on a hot day. My wife got the ginger scallion noodles which were also delicious, but I think we both preferred my entree. For "dessert" I got a Lychee Soju slushee which was completely refreshing and allowed me to leave with a nice buzz--a good thing to have when it's hot in the city and you've got several subway lines ahead. One thing that surprised me is how large some of the dishes were. We could easily have skipped the chips, ordered two appetizers and shared a single entree as we ended up not finishing a lot of what we ordered. Next time, I'll bring friends and share.
I might be one of the few people that wasn't completely aware of the level of fame surrounding David Chang when I first ate at Momofuku Noodle Bar, but for a place so hyped up, the food seems surprisingly straightforward and unpretentious, in a good way. I don't usually like Asian Fusion restaurants because the meal ends up being too pricey for food that quite frankly doesn't taste very good. I'd rather go to a great hole-in-the wall restaurant or a great street vendor than pay for nice service and decor at a mediocre restaurant. But Momofuko Noodle Bar seems to be a mix of the two, a clean restaurant that serves relatively good food without charging $30 a plate. Is it dirt cheap? no, but I give them props for doing something different and pulling it off well. David Chang seems more like a chef's chef, than anything else. The pork buns were ridiculously good (food porn status) and the Momofuku Ramen was decent and filling. Overall, 3.5 stars, but since I had a good experience--no wait and none of the bad service the other reviews mentioned--I'll round up.
5 star food---memorable, flavorful, and THE BEST PORK I've ever had!!! 3 star service--not bad, but nothing special. Anywhere I can get high quality Sake AND Lone Star beer gets a + too! minimalist decor works, but WAY to many white people! both eating and working... but I'll bring my white self back soon!
So surprisingly mediocre. We've been trying to go here for months, but couldn't wait out the usual hour long line. We had the pork and the brisket ramen. The pork was "meh" bur the brisket was actually gross, the noodles weren't almost raw, it tasted sour. Someone else may like it here and that's fine, but I see no need to come back. Very nice service though!
Terrible service.  We waited 50 minutes for our ramen order on a Sunday night!  It was definitely not the wait and frustration. The service there has always been slow, the atmosphere was extremely loud and crowded.  You sit in picnic tables staring at strangers and listen to their conversations.  The food is mediocre at best and the ramen is loaded with salt.  It's $16 for a tiny bowl!  For 3 adults and 3 kids without drinks, the bill came out to $150.  Try someplace else!
To all of the Momofuku haters who "eh" and "meh" you just don't get it. You don't give 3 stars to a place just because you had to wait?  This place is hands down awesome.  My husband and I have been coming since the day it opened and we just love it.  The food and service are excellent.  Last night we sat at the bar and got to watch all of the cooks doing their cooking magic, it was fun.  The buns are not "meh" - they are totally special and unique.  We had the chick pea ramen that was created in their secret FOOD LAB and it was delicious.  Expect a wait, good news is they will bring you a drink while you wait.  YUM!
Had the classic MomoFuku Porc Ramen Noodle - awesome.
fun spot to check out.  the dishes were very fresh and creative.  yes- we got the pork buns, a must have at this location.  a bit loud inside, with a steady stream of hungry patrons.  memorable good food!
It would've been a five-star review if its noodle dishes are better. But no, actually noodles are quite under expectation. I felt that the broth is too salty, and the noodles itself are alright. However, their buns are beyond imagination. Really tasty little treats. We ordered their shrimp buns and man, aren't those the most delicious gem on earth! And oh, come when you're not starving, because you're expected to wait. And the wait ranges from 35-120 minutes. So, be aware.
I have eaten here several times and order the Momofuku ramen with a poached egg, pork belly slices.  The broth is great, the noodles a little stiff and chewy, and the vegetables are good. Pretty standard ramen or at least what good ramen should be. Would be nice to have a little side of kimchi as most Koreans have with their ramen.
I was really excited to try this famous ramen place. I was completely let down. I was expecting to be blown out of the water, and for it to surpass the ramen place Toki Underground in D.C. (which ROCKS and is totally worth the wait and price). We arrived right around 12 p.m. on a Friday and it was not crowded, but was packed by the time we left, so get there early. Service was great - 5 stars. Pork buns were great but I've had same/better/fluffier ones at other ramen places in D.C. (Toki and Sakura ramen) Spicy Miso Ramen - Too smokey. also, not hot enough in the spice department and was LUKE WARM. total fail. I want my ramen piping hot!! May I also suggest a coat rack in the winter and/or coat hangers in the front hall or under the tables? You are packed in like sardines and coasts are flying everywhere.
Super long wait, but the pork buns were amazing! You get a huge chunk of the incredibly tender and delicious pork perfectly balanced with just the right amount of bun, scallion, and hoison sauce. The noodles were excellent as well, though I don't know if they justify the wait. You can definitely get equally good noodles elsewhere without the crazy lines that are always here.
Have been to this place many times.  Friendly staff and great service.  Great place to take out of town-friends.  Food is pretty good. Personally, I  find the noodle broth very salty. Noodles is pretty good. Not great. Not bad.  They have other good dishes.  Menu changes often. Its one of  our 'home' restaurants where we dined often, especially when we are craving for noodles or don't feel like cooking. Bathroom is clean and decent. PS: General Rule for all Momofuku: They do not want you to linger.  They purposefully made the chairs hard and uncomfortable so that you would leave right after your meal. They are banking on the short turn-around time.  Hence, no coffee/tea with desserts. You eat. You pay. You get out. No Butt Parking or Idling Allowed.   Guess its better than throwing the check at your face while you are still eating.
3.5 stars Hip cozy little place with open kitchen. I came here last year but didnt get a chance to finish writing review but I can still remember the taste of the steamed buns :P ((Pork Buns)) $8. since its pork belly, its def got its share of grease but very tasty treat. def worth a try, but overpriced. ((Shittake Mushroom Buns)) $8. loved the flavor combination, delicious! only fair to try this too, but once again overpriced. ((Momofuku Ramen)) ~$16. dont remember anything special about this at all so i cant justify why i paid that much for a bowl of noodles. ((Chicken Wings)) ~$12?. crispy tender juicy wings. i guess ill have to try the whole chicken next time im back on the east coast. ((Yuzu Palmer Soju Slushie)) ~$12? i dont rate drinks often but this was a perfect match in flavors for a slush, i really enjoyed it :) Overall, im disappointed that a "Noodle Bar" has mediocre noodles, but the high rating goes out to buns I can still taste and the slush I can still remember :) Pro: steamed buns, soju slush. Con: noodles, overpriced
I came here on a early Thursday evening in a party of 3. We were seated quickly at a table against the wall. The restaurant has minimal decorations, plain wooden tables and stools with chalk boards of daily specials on the walls. Since it is so plain, there were nowhere to put our bags & jackets. At first we placed them on empty seats, however, 20 mins later the restaurant filled up quickly and we were told they needed the seats. Thus, we had to place our bags on the floor (gross) and our jackets in our laps while we ate (wtf?) On to the food... Started off with the Pork Buns, no disappointments there. It came with 2 ($6) and the pork was perfectly fatty and delicious. Then we had the Potatoes With Bacon & Poached Egg ($10) which was very yummy. I had never thought to mixed the poached egg with potatoes. I had the Momofuku Ramen ($16), at first I enjoyed it very much. All the sprouts, pork and seaweed was goodness-ly overwhelming. A few bites into it I realized the broth was way too salty. I could not finish it, I felt like I was getting sick. We ended the meal with a Soft Serve Swirl ($4) which was banana bread & lipton. I usually don't complain about portions/prices but keep in mind this was served in a Chinese teacup & it cost $4. I enjoyed the swirl but felt the flavors didn't mesh well. Overall, I think this place is over hyped. The food was a little on the pricier side for this kind of food, the bill came out to be about $75 for 3 people. If I ever come here again, it would probably be me getting dragged here by some out-of-town-ers. You know, the ones that think this ultra-hip-modern-authentic-ramen-place is awesome.
Showed up for lunch @ noon and immediately ordered up the brisket buns, the Momofuku ramen & a nice pilsner. Swift service, exquisite food perfect for a rainy, cold NY day. This staff works their asses off and it shows in the food & service.
I LOVE LOVE LOVED this place for the pork belly buns (and as an Asian person it's hard for me to pay that much for pork buns) and the perfectly prepared, perfectly chewy ginger scallion ramen.  Buns were unbelievably soft and fresh, with generous, juicy cuts of pork.  Flavor was perfection.  Ramen wasn't too salty and the broth was rich in dimension.  I couldn't have been more thrilled with the food.  The only reason I deduct a star was the mania of the line.  I went mid-week around 9:30pm solo, which was the only reason I actually got a seat at the bank of stools.  Had I been with a friend, my wait would have been, easily, another half hour to an hour.  Overall, it was an amazing first experience at Momofuku for culinary.  Logistically, not so much.
Three people in my table ordered the ramen and my boyfriend ordered the pork buns and chicken wings. I've been to the original Momofuku (one next to their Milk Bar) and the food was great there so we went to Noodle Bar hoping for some good ramen! The broth was absolutely AWFUL. I feel like they accidentally knocked over the salt container and decided not to fix it. It was so salty that when my boyfriend asked me to try his pork bun, I took one bite and my tastebuds were starting to think everything was salty. He tried my ramen and agreed that there was something most definitely wrong with the salt content. Never again! I'm sticking with Ippudo and Setagaya! My uncle who's been to Japan for ramen said this place was a great big disappointment.
Every time I go to NYC, I have to have a meal at Momofuku Noodle Bar. The pork buns are unbelievably delicious, leaving me craving for more in the middle of the night. The ramen, of course, is not bad either but the pork buns are the main reason for visiting. I love sitting by the bar to watch the food preparation. I have yet to be disappointed.
The ramen sucks here so I'm not even going to bother with that. Came here with 2 cousins a while ago for the fried chicken meal. I was semi-forced but seeing as how one of them was in town from Florida and has a massive thang for fried chicken, I went along with it. I, too, have a great appreciation for fried chicken but c'mon, 2 spicy thighs at Popeye's and I'm a happy camper. Anyway, as you probably know, $100 for 2 chickens fried 2 ways (Southern and Korean) with an abundance of sauces, mushu wraps, and fresh veggies. The Southern style was perfect. Really. I don't throw that word around. I'm a picky bitch. It was seasoned perfectly, crispy-skinned and juicy as a mufucka. I used some of the scallion ginger sauce only because it's crack. It really didn't need it. In fact, we didn't touch much of the trimmings. Fried chicken like most of our favorite pastimes is best enjoyed unprotected. However, the Korean style. Ugh. I'm not the biggest fan of Korean fried chicken in general. The breading's too thin so the top layer of the meat is always dry. And there are never any thighs. I have a theory that Korans hate thighs. Have you ever seen a K-pop star's thighs touching? No? Exactly. Told you. Momofuku's version is extra gochujang-y and dry as ever. We ended up finishing the southern style and took most of the Korean home to unload on the family. They weren't interested either. That picky shit I was telling you about? It's genetic.
Definitely good ingredients but the spicy ramen was a bit too salty and not savory enough.  It reminded me of if someone made a BBQ version of ramen.  I think Ippudo or Daikokuya LA is more up my alley.  The baos are OK, though I remember them being better last time.  The brussel sprouts were good.  It was served with this greeny curry sauce that was foamy.
Pork Buns off the Hook!!!! Love there wings... and the MoMofuku Ramen Noodle delicious!!!! Must try....
I was ready to love this place because 1)ramen 2)the name. But it was just A-OK. The place is suppose to open at 12pm but due to some "Gate Issues", they did not open until close to 1. The crowd that was waiting outside all got seated once the place opened. We shared an order of the pork buns and shrimp-cake buns. They were both really good. I think their pork buns are better than Ippudo. But the pork is really fatty. The downfall with Momofuku's noodle bar is their noodles. My friends all ordered the Momofuku noodle and I ordered the spicy chicken noodle. The momofuku noodle was served with a poached egg, fish cakes, & pork. My spicy chicken noodle was not spicy. It was served with a poached egg, pieces of shredded pan-fried chicken & some veggies. My friend and I thought their noodles were too soft or over-cooked. Also, the seating was a bit uncomfortable. There are 3 communal tables in the front that are picnic table like. One of the ends are by the wall - which means the people sitting by the wall are "stuck". What sort-of irked me was the servers will push their way in between 2 people's back to get to the people inside. I was sitting by the aisle so the guy kept bumping into me with his bum/junk.
I just tagged along with my family for a meal at momofuku noodle bar.  I thought it was going to be more glitzy glamorous and was relieved when it wasn't the case.  Yes, we had the pork buns and ramen and even if I was the only round eyed jackass in the group, everyone ate their meals with enthusiasm.  I really liked the experience, the music playing, the beer I was drinking, the hustle, the health inspectors passing the restaurant and that we sat by Ming Tsai coming in and then the host of Ham on the Street leaving.   So, go there to get a decent meal and, like most things, it's best to lose any transcendentally high expectations.
I've never had an actual sit down meal at David Chang's eponymous Ssam Bar or Noodle Bar, but I've ventured in to carry out some food if that counts by any stretch.  I'm in love with the Noodle Bar's Pork Belly Buns...they're done better than at the Ssam.  Moist and fatty, they make a pork lover proud.  At the Ssam, I have ordered those huge rice bowls and they can deliver satisfaction that will extend through lunch and dinner and sometimes breakfast the next day. Ok, I exaggerate.  But really, they're huge and chock full of food. Considering they're $9 a pop, they're a steal.
The place has a nice modern dim lit setting. The seats are just benches that don't have backs to them but it's understandable since it is such a small place. Just be sure you don't lean back! It is very crowded but the waiter we had was great and attentive. Everyone there seemed to have a good time. I definitely loved the pork buns. The ramen was good but i felt the broth they were cooked in was way too salty. I'll probably go back someday but I can't say I'll become a regular.
This was our first stop in New York. The place was packed, and it was late as shit. The wife & I beat it up here pretty good. Their pork belly sticky buns are awesome. We will absolutely come here again on our next visit. Great food & service. Nice work gang!
WAY overrated.  I've gone back a few times to see if my experience was unique, and unfortunately it was not.  Their noodles are terrible and WAY oversalted.  Not much more to say than that.  For a "noodle house," they should probably work on getting noodles right.  I'm done giving them a chance.  Try Rai Rai instead - not as "creative" but then again, Rai Rai will be edible every time...Momofuku?  yech.
Roaming the streets after bar hopping in NY (again!) soon lead to getting a little hungry. Being that it was so late, I didn't want to stuff myself with crazy unhealthy greasy food so we ended up at Momofuku Noodle Bar. Momofuku Noodle Bar is open late and the night we went wasn't too crowded, even though it was chilly and wet outside. I ended up taking a few bites of the husband's order (I didn't order my own) but even with just a few bites, it basically took more than half his noodles leading for the price of the ramen bowl to be a bit over priced. The portions are super small. The soup tasted good but was luke warm, not hot at all. As for the noodles, just ok. If the portions were bigger, I think I would recommend this place more to others because it would be decent and filling. Unfortunately, it's ok -semi- pricey -because-of-the-portion ramen. Bigger portions please, this girl is hungry. At least now I can take this place off my bookmarked To Try list. ++ for my SoCal readers: serving size is about 1/4 of a foo foo tei normal sized ramen order++
They usually have a decent wait so I suggest going either later in the night or getting there right at 530pm when they open for dinner. Shrimp buns are to die for! Everyone raves about the pork buns, but if you have dietary restrictions, try the shrimp buns. You won't regret it. I had the spicy miso ramen. Wow! Closest thing to ramen I had in Tokyo! Very rich broth, and the ramen itself were very juicy. Only complaint was that they skimped me on the chicken, and it could have been warmer!
For the food alone I'll give 4 stars, but the prices for what is basically a gloried ramen knocks it down to 3. I don't care how homemade the noodles are, charging a few dollars short of $20 is borderline insane. That being said... yes I love Momofuku's ramen. it has a certain Korean flair since well the owner/chef is Korean. I also always get the pork buns (which are also overpriced), but I can say that I always leave content and full. Avoid coming during the weekend though because the wait can be ridiculous even at the new space that has a lot more seating than the original.
Walked in here for lunch on a Tuesday at about 2pm and was seated right away.  I kept it pretty simple and ordered the kimchee, pork buns and Momofuku Ramen. The kimchi was very tasty, just the way spicy fermented cabbage should be.  The pork buns were very tasty as well, and I like that they essentially give you a spare piece of pork to enjoy with each bun.  Very different take than the hirata buns at Ippudo.  These were some very tender, greasy pork belly, pickles, and hoisin.  Very well done. I enjoyed the Momofuku ramen as well.  The noodles here are thicker and chewier than some other places I've been too and I really enjoyed them.  The broth is very salty, but I was kind of expecting it so it wasn't too much to bear. I'm looking forward to coming back with my wife and sampling some other tasty treats.
2.5 stars Went for the fried chicken dinner (can't believe that it's so hard to get a reservation here...for this...) 1. old bay fried chicken 2. korean-style fried chicken Sides of lettuce, pickled veggies, random plum sauce and moo shu style pancakes...scallions with ginger. Scallions with ginger sauce was quite yummy, but overall the condiments/sides did not complement the chicken.  It was a "creative" choice I suppose, but not one that worked. I honestly prefer blue ribbon fried chicken or even popeyes... Not worth the hype.
Fantastic, creative, delicious, unique food. The ramen and buns (esp. pork buns) are mandatory your first time. If you like it, probably your first year - I'm not kidding. Then move on to the rest of the menu, which is amazingly creative and well priced.  My girlfriend and I ate there recently for less than $50. Try the Soju Slushies, which are basically like 7-11 slushies but with alcohol and unique flavors.
Very yummy ramen.  Especially the ginger scallion noodles.  I've had their pork buns but I find them to be a bit too fatty for me.  Would help if they fried it a bit more for crispiness.  Would love to get a group together for the fried chicken that you have to reserve in advance.
This place is tiny! The pork buns are so tender and flavorful. I dream about these things. Manila clams were awesome, not the biggest clam fan either, but I loved it. mmm 7 spice chips. I can't wait to go back!
I will definitely be going back to this place. Service is very good, ramen is great (huge, very hot and tasty, excellent for the upcoming winter months...). DO NOT SKIP THE PORK BUNS!!!
Steamed pork buns and Ramen are a classic must-try.
Very disappointed with this ramen!  I expected a lot from David Chang.  I watch his shows and am a big fan but we came with 7 other people raving how David Chang is so cool, we walked in and the hostess looked unhappy, didn't think much of it.  We ordered the Momofuku ramen and the pork buns, the pork buns were just okay nothing extraordinary.  The ramen was the biggest disappointed to my husband and me.  We both love David and are big fans.  :(
The food is absolutely delightful. However the tall white man who took the order was very rude. He had no servers etiquette and made me feel belittled. Aside from that everything was quite pleasant
The bottom line: Bad ramen, oily dripping pork buns, less than crispy sprouts...and all at a high price. Last year my wife and visited NYC and were so excited to head out to some delicious restaurants.  A friend of my wife's, who work at a food&wine magazine said this place was all-the-rage and very tasty.  Well, maybe it was popular but who knows why? So, it was a weekend evening and crowded so we had to wait in line (not a problem at all, I'm usually happy to wait for good food.)  Eventually they crowded us into our seats, two uncomfortable things squeezed between other people seated on hard uncomfortable things.   We ordered our drinks and meal and I can't remember the service being anything but good.   We ordered the steamed pork buns, each a bowl of ramen, and fried brussel sprouts.   The pork buns were tiny and literally dripping with grease.  I'm a fan of pork fat as much as the next person but it should not be actively draining out of my food. As far as the ramen, I lived in Japan for 4 years and think I know ramen fairly well.  The noodles that they served here seemed more like a good packet of instant noodles than what you can find in Japan.  The soup was also less-than-memorable...I vaguely remember too much conbu for my palate.   The brussel sprouts were less-than-crisp and small in volume.  I've made much better in the oven.   If I recall correctly, the price tag for this treat was well over $80.  I know it's NYC but come on...
I was so excited to go to Momofuku Noodle Bar after having experienced Ippudo.  Could Momofuku be even better than Ippudo?   I asked my friend Stella to join me.  I got there around the agreed on meeting time of 12:30.  Stella was no where to be seen even though she texted that she would be there in two minutes.   When I called her, she said that she thought we were meeting at Morimoto.  OMG.  Momofuku is not Morimoto.   Momofuku is on First Avenue, which is a hike from the Union Square subway station.  Unless you want to transfer to the L, it is a long walk.   I waited for Stella for around 20 minutes.  I was afraid that they wouldn't have a table for us but that fear was unfounded.  There were plenty of seats.  At one point, almost half the seats in the restaurant were available.  I need to compliment the very pleasant hostess.  Very friendly. So Stella finally showed up around 1:10 pm.  We ordered the pork buns and the chicken and clam buns.  I was expecting the delicious and flavorful jerky like pork I had at Ippudo.  What a disappointment.  The Momofuku pork buns contained two thick slices of pork belly, lots of fat.  Maybe it's trendy to eat thick slices of pork fat, but it just wasn't for us.  The chicken and clam buns were just meh.  Kind of like a fried fish patty. I ordered the Spicy Cold noodles with sausage, spinach and cashews since I read that people loved it.  I was warned that it is five alarm spicy.  I asked if they could make it less spicy.  I was told no.  I should have heeded the warning, because it was so unbearably spicy that I was hoping for the chunk of pork fat that they just took away, to calm my burning tongue! I asked for extra noodles to make the spicy noodles milder.  To be frank, it is arrogant not adjust the spice level of the spicy noodles.  I am certain that things can be done, such as adding less sauce.  I am getting a little fed up with these restaurants that won't accommodate diners' wishes.  I am used to getting what I want at restaurants. I got my extra bowl of noodles ($2) and I dumped it in the other bowl.  But at this point I had had enough and my tongue was burning.  This dish has a lot of potential if made less spicy by adding more noodles and vegetables.  The noodles did have a nice taste at first before my tongue started burning. Stella got the Momofuku ramen, but she said it was just ok.  Too much pork fat.   At the end of the meal, Stella said, "Perhaps we should have eaten at Morimoto."  I agreed. The best thing about Mokofuku is that it is around the corner from Veniero's Bakery.  I got the Italian cheese cake and Stella got the rainbow cookies.   "I can't believe that people eat all that pork fat," said Stella.  "THIS is the way to eat fat," shaking her bag of rainbow cookies. I agreed again.
Everything we ate was delectable. cured artic char trio of tamales pork buns seriously, you must get the pork buns. we almost left without them, but made one of the best decisions of my life and decided to order them. its not that pricey, for top eats in nyc david chang you are amazing
After reading Momofuku cookbook, I was thrilled to visit Momofuku Noodle bar upon coming to NYC.  My expectation was high, but they did not deliver. Soup = I felt it had too much Kombu or bonito.  Dull.     Noodle = Too well cooked, too soft.  The chef working on ramen was busy working on soft boiled eggs.   Chicken wings = Not so good.   Ippudo was 30 times better.
I went with my girlfriend for my first time after my roommate and her brother went for lunch. It was excellent.  We had pork buns that melted in your mouth.  I had the S. Caroline Fried Chicken which was very good.  My girlfriend had the ramen noodle chicken.  It was excellent. The atmosphere is loud and more communal.  You'll sit with other people.  Not the sort of place for a first date or quiet night out.  The wait staff was polite and helpful. Overall a great place.
Yes, the pork bun was good, but I come here for the ramen!
I been here many of times and love love love it! First off I always get the momofuku ramen the noodles the both full of pork flavor which I love! Upon my last visit I sat right in front of the chefs and watched them prepare all the food very fresh, from working in restaurants I love watching the flow of a dinner rush so this was perfect. Love all the sakes and soju slushies have a kick that sneaks up on you. Overall this is one of my favorite bowls of ramen and it always keeps me coming back for more.
rolled up in this piece for lunch.  pork buns - excellent, lived up to the hype.  You get 2 per order, but I was wishing i got 2 orders as I was there with someone and had to make due with 1 pork bun.  I then ordered a lone star beer (yee-haw) and had the chilled noodles which had spinach, cashews, and sichuan sausage in it.  Holy shit, it was SPICY... and I love spice, but wow... thank god for the beer, which helped put out the fire.. not much else to say that hasnt already been said... its different, the menu is heavy on the swine, and its david chang..good chance you will have a strong opinion on this place, one way or the other..try this place, and judge for yourself.
The open kitchen is interesting--seeing the chefs carefully prepare each egg yolk one by one, extracting the egg white carefully and swirling them in a cup was pretty amazing. Other than that, the ramen was ok. Everyone seems to rave about the pork buns! Not sure why. It's pretty good, but doesn't seem that special.
Arrived on a Friday night with three friends.  They took one of our cell numbers down and texted us about an hour later, letting us know our table was almost ready.  We headed back over after having a few cocktails across the street and were seated within 15 minutes. Let me tell you people, the hype surrounding this place is legitimate.  Was the wait time a little long? Yes. Did we feel hurried by the waitress during our meal? A little. Was the food AMAZING? DEFINITELY. We started off with the Pork Buns. There's two per plate at $10/plate.  Perfectly-sized appetizer and a great way to start the meal.  The micro-brew selection is impressive.  As for the entree, there's about four or five types of ramen on the menu.  I had the Momofuku Ramen, which was the most expensive at $16, but totally worth it.  I'm posting a picture of it, because words don't do it justice. The desserts were cute, but forgettable.  More like a palate cleanser, if you ask me. Anyways, the best part of this whole experience came two weeks later when I discovered a billing discrepancy on my bank account.  We had split the check three ways so I don't believe the mistake was intentional. Luckily, I live a few blocks away and I dropped in during a weekday afternoon when they weren't too busy and asked to resolve the discrepancy.  After retrieving the original bill and receipts, the manager was polite and gracious enough to refund me the disputed difference in cash. If only they hadn't made a mistake in the first place...then the elusive 5-star rating would be theirs.  *Sigh.
My friend and I sat at the front bar adjacent to the kitchen and were well welcomed by the staff and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Got there at around 5:45pm on a Monday, so it wasn't terribly packed but slightly busy. I decided to be adventurous and try the soju slushie - nice soju blend that goes down smoothly with a hint of apple. The $5 small glass with as a big as a medium-sized shot glass, and was surprisingly just enough for the rest of my meal. We ordered pork/shitake buns and momofuku ramen bowls. The pork buns were both tender and sweet, with a great juxtaposition of soft fat and crispy skin in each bite. The momofuku ramen was perfect - the meat well tenderized, the vegetables crisp, the broth perfectly salted. I wish the bowl was served a bit warmer. Can't wait for more!
Spicy miso ramen, you bowl of noodle heaven you. Momofuku NEVER disappoints. The ramen is always phenomenal - fresh noodles, great chicken and veggies, perfectly poached egg, and just enough spice. I also suggest the pickle jar, seven spice chips, and Brussels sprouts. My only complaint is that I always walk out feeling like I'm going to pop, but that might be my own fault.
The wait can be discouraging as can sharing tables with strangers.  Don't spill state secrets if at such a table.  The ramen bowls are delicious.  I dove into a beef brisket one, and for a cold dish, it was quite filling.  The brisket was a flavourful piece of meat., with just the right amount of rarity and salt. The spicy lamb rolls were a gastronomical delight - with a hint of spice, not enough to cause me to reach for water to extinguish a flame in my mouth, just the right amount of spice to appease my sensitive palate.
I've been here a few times for lunch.  Usually we split the $20 lunch prix fix & a noodle dish. I generally like the momofuku restaurants (been to all of them).  The problem with this place is consistency.  Sometimes its excellent other times there have been disappointments. One problem is that they are food dictators.  I rarely send dishes back, but once, the fish was undercooked.  I love sashimi, so I don't have a problem with raw fish, but when I pointed it out, they made it clear it was suppose to be that way.  I generally wouldn't return, but since I had great experiences at others I gave it another try.  The next time I returned, the food was excellent.  The last time we visited, we asked to have the chili noodles with the chili sauce on the side (as we enjoyed it last time, but was a bit too spicy).  I couldn't believe they said no.  But besides the dictatorship, the steak was way too salty and the pretzel desert cake truffles just wasn't good.   If the lunch prix has the oxtail ramen, and a more pleasant truffle cake or return of the choice of ice cream, I'll be back for lunch.
I would give the restaurant no stars if I could. Our party was kicked out before we experienced anything besides offensive service that included getting kicked out and cursed at before getting served anything. Our party of 4 was seated and ordered when we tried to make room for another friend who came late. Our bad for having a late friend, but the restaurant escalated the matter way, way, way beyond what was appropriate by first saying that the guest couldn't join. When we tried to make room again, a server canceled our order and said we had to leave! Unsure (and incredulous) that we were actually getting kicked out of a restaurant, we tried to figure the situation out. In one minute, we were told 3 different things by 3 different people until a head-chef/manager yelled loudly out into the small, open restaurant, cursing and getting everyone in the restaurant's attention. I was shocked and offended. We left in a hurry. I won't ever go back. The situation was dealt with unprofessionally and disrespectfully.
i so wanted to love you Momofuku...for all that I have heard and read about your ramen... but it fell short of my expectation. you did redeem yourself.. by all things - pork.. Your Pork Bun is oh so tasty, perfectly cooked with enough fat and skin on the pork belly that would have me take red rice yeast for a week just to counteract my cholesterol intake..  i was so captivated by your pork bun, the tenderness, the garlicky spicy glaze.. so definitely a 5 star for the pork buns...
Service was okay at first then everything seemed to stop.  There was lots of talking between the employees and it was due to an inspection by the NY Health dept.  I completely understand the importance of making sure your restaurant is in tip top shape before an inspection however the slowdown in service was too much.  A good restaurant should be in tip top shape all the time and customers should not suffer due to employees panicking.   Food:   The momofuku noodles were okay.  Here's an analogy that some of you may understand.  If you haven't eaten a lot of Chinese food and ate the lettuce wraps at PF Chang's you might think they were the greatest thing ever.  But if you had the opportunity to eat lettuce wraps at a good Chinese Restaurant you would know how much better lettuce wraps could be.  This is how I felt about the ramen.  It was good but it could be better.  Noodles were cooked properly although I don't know if they made it fresh or if they purchased it.  Either way it was okay.  The vegetables and pork in the dish was good, however the broth was a tad bit salty.  My biggest problem with the noodle dish was the serving temperature, luke warm. The grilled octopus was nice and tender and I would give this dish 4 stars as well as the roasted beets (4.5 stars) which was the best dish we had.  Very creative, and tasty! Overall for a place that was called a noodle bar I was a little unsatisfied with the noodle dish.  Everything else was fine. The service brought the rating down as did the okay noodles.  If you are used to eating good japanese ramen or chinese soup noodles then the ramen here may disappoint.  If you are not used to eating ramen this will be a good experience.
Very trendy restaurant, always crowded but the food is good and a little more experimental than what you'd get at more authentic restaurants. If you've been to Ssam or Ko, you know what to expect from Chang here. Prices are reasonable for the trendiness of this place.
We came here around 20 minutes after they opened at 5:30pm and there was already a 30 minute.  The hostess was kind enough to take drink orders while everyone waited. The Apple Cider slushies made with soju were good.  When we were seated, the service was prompt and the food was delivered very quickly. The Spicy Pork buns were great, it had sort of spam like look to it but it tasted really good, especially with a honey mustard type sauce.  The Momofuku Ramen was excellent, the broth was rich and meaty.  I tried some of the Spicy Miso Ramen and didn't find it very tempting, so I would definitely recommend sticking with the "classic".  The soft serve ice cream and cake truffles were nothing to write home about as desserts.  The Momofuku Milk Bar is not too far of a walk away and is a much better choice for dessert with a much wider selection of desserts.
I'll start off with the good. Great fun atmosphere, the buns are great. We tried the brisket and pork belly and both melted in our mouths. The title menu item, noodles, left more for me to desire.  Great that the noodles themselves are alkaline and do not get soggy but I desired more from the broth.  Always personal preference as is with a lot of these yelp reviews, but I felt it lacked body and depth.  Even though it was NOT the vegetable ramen i ordered, I felt it had stronger vegetable notes than that of developing flavors from roasted pork or chicken bones.  The highlight was definitely the egg which has been poached perfectly so the yolk runs.  You can clearly taste/feel the temperature difference in broth and egg when served as the egg has been clearly cooled. If i were to come back, I'd definitely dive into the buns and perhaps just share a noodle with another person.   Come here with an open mind knowing that everyone has their own spin and rendition on ramen.  Also understand that noodle bar is exactly that, an interpretation of David Cheng's noodles with different influences.
The pork based ramen soup had more of a smoky beef taste. The egg included in the soup was not properly cooked - the yellow and the white had not yet jelled -disgusting - also this was expensive - $16,00 where most other places charge around 10 - there are plenty of ramen shops in this area and across the city - Momofuku has the ambiance of a "hip" place - but thats all they have.
Came here on a Saturday around 2:30 with 2 people, and we only ended up waiting for 20 minutes when they told us it would be a 45 min to 1 hour wait. Moral of the story- don't disappear- stick around just in case. The soy sauce egg was good, and we loved the shitake and pork buns. I liked that the pork buns came with 2 big slices instead of just 1, and that a lot of the shitake pieces were nice and crispy and just tasted awesomely salty and savory. PS... I am not a a vegetarian by any means but the shitake buns were better than the pork ones! I had the spicy miso ramen and my partner had the pork ramen. Both were delicious. This place is worth trying, but I wouldn't have waited 2 hours on a Friday night to have it. The pork ramen had deep pork flavor, but for me, I just wanted something.... more. I couldn't put my finger on it. I am not a pork purist and maybe I wanted some other flavorings or spices or something to kick it up, so for me, it fell slightly flat. I have had a hundred bowls of tonkatsu ramen for under $10 that I liked better than this bowl of pork ramen for $16. I did enjoy my miso ramen; it was better than many others out there, but not the best bowl I have ever had in my life. Service was good, but everything around you is going a million miles an hour so you feel so rushed even though no one is actually rushing you. Between the scurrying waiters, bartenders, and cooks, you feel like you should finish your meal and leave within 15 minutes. Definitely not a place I'd feel comfortable sitting and talking to an old friend for 2 hours. I would definitely come back here. This place had good ramen, but it also has more to offer than that!
Came here for a lunch date with my cousin to check out what all the hype was about. We ordered (of course) the pork buns and the Momofuku ramen. Ok, I can see what the big deal is about the pork buns.  Thick, generous slices of perfectly cooked pork belly with some scallion, cucumber, and hoisin sauce.  A very simple combination but packed with flavor.  I mean, who doesn't like pork belly? I can't be your friend if you don't. The ramen had a rich broth, and generous portions of more pork belly and shoulder meat.  I wasn't able to finish mine because the pork bun (surprisingly) filled me up a bit due to the richness of the meat.  I liked the ramen, but I wasn't wow-ed by it.   Prices here are a bit high (I paid $50 for one order of pork buns and 2 ramens for lunch), even to me with my (LA) standards. I would definitely come back for the pork buns, though.
This review is (almost) exclusively for the family-style fried chicken dinner. A friend jumped on reserving a spot for 6 fellow chicken lovers, and I suggest you do the same. For a starter I shared the Momofuku Ramen, which was pretty good; it had pork belly, pork shoulder and a poached egg to dribble everywhere. It sounds horrible, I know, but I am so used to Top Ramen packages that I found myself thinking, "This isn't salty enough!". Shame on me. The fried chicken, though. They give you two whole chickens (deconstructed by the time they reach you): one buttermilk southern-fried, one Korean. I have to say, even though I am originally from Texas and have enjoyed my share of fried chicken, that the buttermilk version was a little too salty and spicy. The Korean was AMAZING. Like, give-me-another-chicken amazing. The dipping sauces - oh, the dipping sauces. I am going to attempt to make the jalapeno/garlic/soy sauce at home, that's how good it was. I'm going to put it on absolutely everything. Great service, too. Had to wait a bit for the table even though we had a res, but it's a small, crowded place, so not surprising.
Really disappointed in the food - I came in for the fried chicken and I don't understand the hype at all.  Service was okay but felt a little brusque to me.  They just came and put down all the food but didn't really explain anything.  They did briefly explain the four sauces that accompanied the chicken (which was the best part of the whole meal).  We had to stop them to ask questions because they put down everything so quickly and just left. Pork buns: they were great!  The highlight of the whole meal.  I think I'd only go back for the buns. Korean fried chicken: it was definitely nice and crispy on the outside.  The chef did a great job with frying the chicken.  The sauce was so-so - spicy but I didn't think it was that flavorful.  I prefer the ones I get in K-town. Southern fried chicken: tasted like celery.  I think they used too much celery powder or celery seed or something in the batter because that's pretty much all I could taste when I ate the chicken.  I'd taste celery first and then the chicken.  I think Popeye's makes better fried chicken and all those on the table agreed. Mu-shu pancakes: rough and thick...couldn't taste anything but the pancake when I made a wrap with the chicken.  Awful. Root vegetables: they weren't sliced so I couldn't use them in a wrap...we just took some to eat...not really sure why we were given them other than to put a bit of green on the table?
i was introduced to this chef by a friend that owns his cookbooks and the things that he's made out of here have been delicious. yes it is a little/lot more expensive then another noodle place, but then its just not another noodle place you aren't getting something made out of a big pot and tossed together in 5 seconds. we ordered an assortment of things, the pickled jar was super cute and filled with delicious noshes that if you are a lover of anything pickled you should love everything in this little jar. the pork steamed buns are a must. however if you do not like fattier cuts of meat you won't be a fan since this uses pork belly, i guess lucky or unlucky for you they do come with different insides. some ginger scallion noodles were absolutely delicious and roasted rice cakes were not only interesting in texture but good in flavor. however out of all the dishes i would put it in last. for dessert we rounded out with apple cider soft serve with pecans. it almost made me never want to drink hot apple cider ever again. so delicious.
Trying to get around the momofuku circuit currently. This was on our grand tour as my husband is obsessed with ramen. Once again it's nice that all the options are not pork broth here. The menu is also fun with a lot of unexpected appetizers with interesting combinations of seafood. The spicy chicken ramen was great and actually got better as I ate more. Shrimp buns were really great as well. My husband had the classic momofuku ramen which he enjoyed thoroughly. I would go early if you don't want to wait, we got there right when they opened and they sat us right away. I always like to save my favorite portion of the meal for my last bite. In this case my last bite goes to the spicy chicken ramen.
A MUST try when visiting New York!  Worth the wait and worth the hype ... we enjoyed every bite!
I love this place. The food is wonderful and unique. I have been a number of times and the reproducibility of quality dishes is a pleasant surprise. Had ramen with pork and nuts, hot and cold, spivey and sweet, crunchy and soft. The juxtaposition of these experiences I one dish make it truly noteworthy. Pork buns were also a must. Really an experience!
Yum!!  Do yourself a favor and get the soy egg from the snack menu and the pork buns.  The pork buns are the best ones I've had.  In terms of which ramen to get, I think that's really personal preference but I love the Spicy Miso Ramen.  It tends to be a bit salty but what ramen isn't!?!?  Another tip, if you go in by yourself, you're likely to get seated right away.
This noodle "bar" (why call everything a bar? Noodle bar, coffee bar, meat bar, vegetable bar, internet bar, karaoke bar, sex bar, etc). is another famous "trendy" Japanese ramen restaurant in Manhattan, always populated with young white people, who think it is so hip to chase after Japanese culture. After eating at Ippudo, I did not have high expectations of this place. And it turns out even my lowered expectations were too high. We arrived on a weekday afternoon, and the "bar" was not crowded as I was told was the usual case. We chose not to sit at the bar, and instead by one of the four rows of wooden tables, on wooden cubes as seats. No menu was given to us, there were only descriptions of dishes scribbled on a blackboard. So I asked: "Do you guys have a menu?". And we were each given a very small piece of paper with food items printed on it, the "menu" looked as if it was edited in Microsoft Word, and printed on a school printer. Such a hip and expensive "bar" could not afford better menus? Of course not, they are just trying to be stylish and unique. We ordered 2 appetizers - spicy potato chips and the famous "pork buns". The potato chips, about 8 pieces, tasted no different from the ones I can buy from the supermarket, but it cost 3 times as much. And the buns, fatty pork wrapped in a white "clamshell" bun, were equally mediocre, I can get this same dish in any Chinese restaurant for 1/3 of  the price. The entree, a super large bowl filled 1/3 to capacity with soup and about 10 strands of noodles. When the bowl came, I initially thought they forgot to add the content, but quickly realized that this is a common feature of Japanese ramen. It took me about 3 minutes to finish the noodles, and I drank only 3 mouthfuls of the soup - too much salt and too much msg. Final bill was 35 dollars per person. Again, if you are looking to be hip and trendy and mingle with the petty-bourgeois crowd, this is the place for you. If you are looking for real quality food, look away.
Busy lunch crowd around 1pm, so try to avoid that if you can. Need a place to hang your coat? Try your lap. Purse? Lap or floor. Seating is all benches and stools. As for the food, I tried to play it safe and just went with the chicken ramen, but it turned out bland and forgettable. One redeeming quality, though, is their interesting selection of ice cream (changes all the time). I had an eggnog/ginger twist... the eggnog was excellent, but the ginger was way too powerful. So overall, not great but not too bad either. It was a cold day in New York, so at least the hot soup was much appreciated.
This place is perfect when you want something warm and satisfying that isn't your normal meal.  Their Momofuku noodle soup, which has 3 different cuts of pork in it as well as a poached egg is just amazing.   There is always a wait, but if you get there ahead of when you actually want to eat OR get there at opening, you can usually get seated at a reasonable time.   If you sit around the counter, you get the opportunity to see the chefs create the meals, which is truly interesting.
You definitely have to try their signature pork buns, it's simple but everything about it is made with care. The space is really small and you might be a little cramped sitting on one of the tables. The seating along the kitchen bar is really nice though, you get to see how everything is made and the chefs are really outgoing and personable. I had the beef tendon chilled noodles, which were a little bit spicier than I anticipated but I continued to eat it despite the fact. Pricing is fair and the portions are enough to fill you up. Definitely give it a shot!
best birthday in the world thank you everyone who came thank you for the fried chicken DO IT DO IT DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had high expectations, true these NY style japanese noodle and finger foods are good but... poor service and sad atmosphere. And was disappointed !
Pork buns are fantastic. If you don't want to do the wait, find the hostess and get your order to go. Your food will be ready in 10-15 min, which is way better than the 1 hour + wait that can be typical.
how does this place earn these stars??? i can say it's definitley not because of the ramen.. the 2 stars go to the pork buns.. no stars for the ramen... the pork buns were good, the meat was juicy, put together perfectly to sink my teeth into them... but i really could not even eat the ramen... first, there's hardly any broth.. and second, these are not ramen noodles... going back to broth... all i tasted was soy sauce... i took another slurp... soy sauce.. you would think with "noodle bar" in the name, the forte would be the ramen....
My date and I walked in and i think we must've been mistaken for someone else. there were a lot of people in front of us and the lady just saw me and i said two and she said, yup here we go! we immediately got seated.....and then in the MIDDLe of ordering (we had ordered pork buns, momofuku ramen, beef noodle soup teh special of the day and kimchi)....pork buns came out!!! we were like...wow service is amazing here...and the employee had to shake his head saying they weren't ours!!! While we waited for our food/ate...the line went out the door!! Now, onto the food...the pork buns were decent, slightly dry could've used a little fat in it (ippudo's were better), the momofuku ramen was delicious, had depth, i really enjoyed the perfectly poached egg and pork...was it as good as other ramen shops? no. was it good? yes. Now, onto the beef noodle soup....this was the most disappointing noodle soup i've ever had. the soup had no depth, no flavor, tasted like water. The beef was tender which was good, but overall, it was a very small bowl which tasted bland and for $16! absurd. The icecream also afterwards was lucky charms flavor with peach tasty, but overrated. Service was superb, i got to sit right next to the cash register at the bar so the guy was constantly right next to me, very friendly and cool.
Buns. Great. It had the right amount of all of the food groups. But I've never had those kinds of buns before so don't trust my judgement on that too much. Ramen. Not so much. I felt like it was too greasy with all the meat. The slightly cooked egg was kinda random and didn't do much for the flavor. The soup was super salty. I must have chugged close to 2 gallons of water during and after. The noodles were a little undercooked but it's that whole al dente shit so I get it. My home cooked bowl of 30 cent ramen from stop and shop is much better.
Food: 3 of 5 (highs and lows to the meal come out to average overall) So reading the reviews, apparently there's a crazy ramen culture out there. I'm ignorant to it. Oh well. The Momofuku bowl I had was tasty, maybe a bit salty. I didn't notice any flavor that jumped out at me or had me wondering,"Wow! I this is new to me/ interesting/ etc" In fact, I can even say that the broth and noodles were not that much different than a cheap pack of instant ramen I can get just about anywhere. I did like the add-ons: egg, pork, Japanese fish-type thingy with the pink lines. The pork buns were good. Flavor was spot on. Texture of the bun seemed just right. BUT MY PORK BELLY WAS NOT CRISPY! Maybe it's not supposed to be, but when I think pork belly, I think crispy, piggy goodness. Also, I think it would have complemented the soft bun perfectly. Service: 4 of 5 (super fast, super efficient - of course that's to maximize the revenue) Service is pretty good. Really fast. This place is one that will not seat a group until all members are with you. And for good reason. This space is quite tiny. They do maximize the amount of people they can serve by sitting everyone at either a bar or bench-table arrangement. It still gets crowded. One weird thing is that some of the workers dress ultra casual, with the kitchen staff donning black baseball caps and busboys wearing well... whatever. It was kinda weird having some guy in street clothes grabbing at your friends bowl or filling your water. Additional notes: Tiger Beer was pretty good. Got more bite than your typical lager. The price for a bowl of noodles is high compared to what you're getting. However, you are paying for more than just the noodles and broth. And you will leave full. I posted a photo of my family/ friends at the table on Facebook, it got a lot of likes in a small amount of time. You should try it too! Overall, I was satisfied with the place and glad I visited. However, this place could have easily gotten a 3 as well. I might have to revisit this review after checking out more ramen joints.
2.5 stars Not a big fan. Think the pork is way too greasy and fatty for my liking. Also I think the pork buns are just overpriced. OMG. I think it got popular only based on western tastes that have yet to try the real stuff and it's supposedly new and trendy set-up.
Long lines = good food! ... not always in New York. We waited 45 minutes for a two top.  We ordered the pork buns and octopus (because they were sold out of the short ribs) and 2 bowls of ramen.   Pork buns were the highlight of the meal, with Sriracha sauce on the side.  But it didn't taste like true Sriracha... maybe a watered down version of the real thing?  The octopus was bland and the ramen just 'ok'. I've read the book and bought the Lucky Peach magazines... but this did not impress me. Not worth the hype or wait.  Save your calories!!!
I know this place is amk  steady 4.5/ but I've seen a lot of hate for not being "authentic." Ramen i,s historically a derivative dish , constantly growing from it's simple CHINESE roots. So if you care about about "authentic" food, do not go to this tasty and inspiring restaurant where the food is fresh and the flavors are original. Come on, ramen with wiff of southern BBQ? Chilled spicy noodles with pork sausage and honeyed cashews? It was so perfect for that swampy NYC summer day. I thought I was going to cry into my bowl. Your taste buds could be so happy. P.s. The wait was long--but Ippudo's is SO much longer. It was not bad post-workday on a friday. 20 really, only 45 because our party wasn't ready.
Thanks to fellow yelper Miriam W. for tipping me off to Momofuku.  No reservation, no problem on a busy Friday night.  They turn the tables quickly with efficient and even helpful service.  The food was excellent (if a bit oily) too.  We had the pork buns, a summer squash salad, and the ginger scallion noodles.  I'd come back in a heartbeat for a quick, unpretentious but interesting meal.
I love this place. it is worth the wait.
Momofuku ramen on a seriously cold winter day.  That is all.  Oh, and sriracha.
The pork buns here were good, and so was the corn appetizer.  I've had better ramen though.
We have eaten at Momofuku a few times now and our experiences in NYC and in Toronto were sub standard... I kept telling my friends don't believe the hype! However when we ate there on Monday we were pleasantly surprised. We ordered quiet a few dishes. When we go out to eat, we like to sample a few of the chefs dishes, family style - sharing plates. We ordered Sausage, mustard, cucumber buns - which was full of flavor  and to be honest it didn't look like it would taste that good but was pretty amazing! You can never go past those luscious pork buns,which are to die for! We also tried the Shiitake -hoisin-scallion- cucumber buns and loved the taste and texture! The snap peas with percorino, horseradish, smoked sesame was fantastic too! The only disappointment was the ramen, I had the Momofuku ramen and whilst the pork belly was tender, the rest of the ramen was bland in comparison. Hubby had the Chilled spicy noodles which was covered with cashews. However when it came to our favorite dish, it was hands down the Asparagus - miso, poached egg, furikake. The hollandaise sauce was balanced with small pickled red shallots which gave it a bit of bite. The Asparagus was lightly charred and full of flavor. Simple yet amazing and probably the least asian dish on the menu!  I think we couldn't appreciate the ramen as we were too full after eating several small sharing plates!
Health Grade: B Went here with a few friends. We had the pork buns and ramen. The pork buns were larger than most pork buns I've had, but also more expensive, and it tasted fine but not great. The ramen wasn't very good - I've had better at many places before.
One of the best ramen/noodle spots in NYC. Recently had the ramen again for the first time in 2 years and I can say that it still holds the title as one of the best ramen spots in NYC.  The pork is excellent and the poached egg is a delight as the yolk mixes with the noodle. Also note for a first time customer the pork buns are a must! Desert-wise ...Cereal milk soft-serve ice-cream with corn-flake topping is a great finish or you can always pop over to the milk bar a few blocks down. If searching for something a little more low-key and more traditional Japanese try Rai Rai Ken.
I have noticed the on-going Yelp battle between the Momofuku ramen and the pork buns. I think that the pork buns win hands down - you'll get a good cut of pork belly, smothered in scallions and hoisin sauce, sandwiched between a warm, white bun. I always top this off with dolops of Siracha and the combination of flavours is glorious. (On a side note, this is actually a rip-off the original Kongbak Pao that is popular in Asia, but i'm impressed that they manage to market it so well here.) Momofuku serves really good ramen with high quality ingredients, but I hope people realize that as hyped up as it is, this is not authentic. The broth selection at Momofuku is limited to just the miso and spicy broth. It is certainly worth coming here for these famous pork buns, and why not order a side of ramen while you're at it, but for the real ramen experience, Ippudo would be a better choice.
First of all as a fellow KA from DC I got nothing but love for David Chang. That being said I would not go back. The broth was way too salty, the pork was dry and had an over the top smokey flavor that made us nauseous. The noddles were rubbery and the poached egg did nothing to add to the dish. We were completely under welmed and I was sorely disappointed as I had high hopes for this place. We all agreed 30 cent instant noodles taste better. Right now I'm craving Sapporo Ichiban noodles.
Meh. The oyster bun had a novel sauce. The momofuku ramen was ok. Nothing spectacular. The egg was fun.
Wow, people actually think the ramen is good at this place? you can't be serious. It was the greasiest, nastiest, saltiest, most overpriced ($16? wtf!) ramen I have ever had in my life. to top it all off, I walked out of the restaurant with a mad stomach ache followed by diarrhea. also tried the pork buns, which came in 2 small buns wrapped around a piece of pork that had more fat on it than meat. the restaurant was crowded and loud. basically, this was the worst dining experience I've had in a while. 4 thumbs down (i'm using my toes too).
Came here for the noodles, but I have to say the apps were much better.
Smells delish!!!  All the different buns are great...I will say the smoked chicken is the best ramen I've ever had!
worth the hype. Not out of this world awesome, but definitely pretty damn good.
I was not very impressed about the mediocre food I had here. Rest assured it's edible, but I wouldn't do it again. Ramen: Aggressively underwhelming. Nothing special. No. Fried Chicken: Just not worth putting in your mouth. It was dry, chunky and just BORING. Why is there so much hype about it? Who rated this stuff? Did I go on a bad night? No one at our casual table of 8 was impressed. We had quite a range of tastes too. No one was a picky fried chicken snob (if they even exist) ...I mean come on, it's just fried chicken. Fried chicken is always good right? NO! I didn't realize fried chicken could actually be BORING. Why two stars?: They earned an extra one for having friendly service and fresh veggies and yummy condiments that made the blandness less boring. The staff at least were super nice. Kudos for the staff. We had 8 people. We spent about $35 per person. I'd give another star because the portions were pretty big, but unfortunately it doesn't count because I didn't even like it.
This was the first meal I had when I got to NYC for gaycay and it was a good welcome to the city. We started off with two orders of buns: brisket and shrimp. They were fantastic! SF's Chairman Bao's buns are legendary, but I will admit that Momofuku wins this competition. Normally, I'm not a ramen fan unless there's some curry or spice to it, but I took a risk and got the Momofuku ramen. The broth had more flavor than I had ever gotten from a traditional broth and the pork belly was tender and fatty in all the right ways. There is no argument that this is one of the best ramen bowls I have ever had. If you can wait, try to go right before they close. We came in at 10:20 and had no problem getting a seat at the bar. In the wise words of Austin Powers, "[Momo]fukme? [Momo]fuku!"
I can't fathom why this place does not have better yelp reviews. I've dined here twice, and both times were sublime:   I took (more like dragged) my boyfriend to Momofuku last night after we were heading somewhere else for reservations only to find that the L-train had been canceled. (He was justifiably a bit grumpy). Upon arrival, it was packed- as it had been during my first time. We were greeted immediately by the hostess and waited less than ten minutes for a space, which in it of itself was excellent considering how jammed the restaurant was! We ordered the Shitake Buns and shared a bowl of the Spicy Miso Chicken Ramen for our main course. 1. The Buns: After anxiously waited for what felt like an eternity (nothing negative about the service, I was just starving), our waitress deftly placed the plate before us, and a millisecond later I bit into one; The buns themselves were warm and perfectly doughy, the mushrooms were crispy yet meaty and were seasoned extremely well. What echoed through my head during the first bite was one word: Perfection. Worth twice the amount of what I paid for. The only thing that nearly ruined the experience was watching the guy next to me tear into buns that he had ordered with a fork, it was difficult to watch and I had to restrain myself from saying "You uncultured barbarian!" . . . Which in it of itself was ironic considering he used a fork, but you know what I mean. 2. The Ramen: Om nom freaking nom. Just the right amount of spice, and the noodles had the absolute best texture. The dish featured Swiss chard, which I find icky, but somehow I gobbled it up, as it had been steeping in the delicious mushroomy chicken broth. If I could change anything about it, I might have asked for another poached egg in it to be indulging, but it was a delight to the senses nonetheless. Afterwards I decided to push for the Sweet Cracker soft-serve dessert, which was unlike anything I have ever tried, and I loved it. My only desire was to have more of the strawberry-esque cracker topping. I have no complaints whatsoever: service was competent, prompt, and warm. All together, this was one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. I will be back.
This is the original David Chang restaurant.  The noodles are good but not great (not on Rai Rai Ken or Ramen Setagaya level); similarly, the decent pork buns pale in comparison to Fatty Crab's.  Though you can taste the high quality ingredients. Frankly, the highlight of the meal is the soft-serve (they had this amazing cracker jack soft-serve - and I hate cracker jack).  I remember thinking that Chang should just open a soft-serve restaurant. He did - Momofuku Bakery - and while this restaurant never reached the level of hype as Momofuku  Noodle, it is worth making a journey from ANY part of the city.
Fried chicken dinner review only. Came here after waiting for a month with high expectations for the fried chicken dinner, left really disappointed. The consensus around the table was that KFC or Popeye's was a better fried chicken meal. The southern fried version was juicy and crispy, but the batter tasted too salty and probably a bit burnt. Old bay seasoning is a weird flavor profile that doesn't really work for me on chicken. The korean style was a bit better - but nothing to write home about. Third time eating at Noodle Bar, third time disappointed. Dammit, David Chang. I want to believe.
Great place to come and affordable considering the quality of the food. The hostess was a bit rude the last time we were here, but that won't deter us from coming back, especially because the the server was very helpful. Ramen is a classic that is good, but the chilled spicy noodle is also good if you like cold noodles. Definitely recommend this place.
This place is all hyped up, but I would argue that the long wait and more expensive price, and limited seating is just sneaky business practice.  The pork buns are delicious, but probably more fatty than need to be (although that's the best part), and the ramen is above average but not necessarily unbelievable. I do really  like momofuku's creative menu as it changes almost every time I go. I would highly recommend trying it and then making your own decision if you want to do the wait. It gets packed after 15 minutes of opening.
I am new to Momofuku. But this is my favorite place to go in NYC. I've never had a bad meal here. I've recommended this place to all of my visiting friends and make a point to eat here every time I am in NYC, which is ever few months or so. If I were a local, I am sure it would be a regular event for me. Yes, the wait is sometimes long to get a table. But there are a lot of decent bars on that street to pass the 30-40 minutes until pure food bliss.
I honestly don't understand the hype about this place. The pork buns are great, but definitely not worth the price. And the ramen - I'd say it's comparable to what I can cook up on my own. It was just way too salty and oily.. in no place up to par with what I had expected when I read the previous reviews. Only highlight was that I only had to wait less than 5 minutes on a Friday night for two seats at the bar, because apparently three parties before us had left before they were seated. All in all: a no go.
pork buns are amazing, really hit the spot for a late lunch the signature noodles were very well balanced, and surprisingly filling. loved the poached eggs, and the pork was delicious. looking forward to going back and trying the other noodles
Casual but trendy. This place is a casual noodle bar. It has long communal tables and chairs with no backs. Having said that the service is quick and the pork buns ($10) are a must. The house ramen ($16) is good , but.. .I mean, it's ramen. I enjoyed the ginger scallion noodles was is a 3/5 - light and not heavy. I hear the vegetarian broth is the way to go but it's not always on the menus. For dessert there's a pretzel truffle cake, which is fine but I don't think it's a must. I think this is a nice casual noodle bar but don't over value noodles. And I think they should backs to the chairs .
Love the pork buns. Amazinggggggggg! My boyfriend ordered 2 plates of that. The ramen is just so so to me. Not a fan of ramen.
This place is great - got in at the bar for a party of 2 with very minimal wait.  The pork buns are delicious and the ramen is good, but it ain't no Ippudo.  And I was sad I didn't have enough time to go.  That is all.
I just moved to NYC and my NY friends recommended this place... so i went there with couple friends last week. Well.... i agree that the pork bun is very good... the pork belly just melt in your mouth when you bite it. BUT the ramen is BLEH.... the soup is too salty!! Daikokuya or Santouka ramen in LA is WAY WAY better and only for HALF the price!
Three stars at best. While some if the food was good (the pear salad was actually spectacular), the rest was way over salted, with expensive, meager drinks. Not to mention the crammed-in, no where to put your stuff, claustrophobic, I hope there's never a fire in here ergonomics. Has every restaurant forgotten that people wear hats and coats in winter? NEVER order a glass of wine in this joint. Meager portion - couldn't have been more than 3-4 oz - for $14, the same price you'd pay at say Eataly for a 6-7 oz pour of much better quality wine. Staff is efficient, not overly friendly.
Thumbs up for the pork buns, it's actually the bun used for peking duck with fatty pork, really tasty!  I ordered the miso ramen which  has chicken instead of pork.  The broth was the saltiest I've ever had, noodles were good though.  I tried my friend's momofuku ramen with the pork and the soup was way less salty.  I'm not the kind of person who sends back food, but my friend pointed out that $16 ramen better be freaking amazing.  Apparently the miso broth has bacon in it, so it was sodium overload.  So she told the waitress to take back the miso and bring me the momofuku ramen which they did quickly.  Thus I ate 1.5 bowls for the price of one, stuffed and satisfied! Note: we had a 40 min wait and the pizza place next door was cheesy goodness, recommend!
I think the bottom line with this place is that the food is pretty good, but not worth the price or the wait.  I will say that I enjoyed the Momofuku ramen that I got and that the bowl of rice that I ordered was free.  The Momofuku ramen was tasty with egg, pork, and, of course, a ton of ramen noodles.  That being said, I'm sure I could find cheaper food somewhere else that tasted the same or better.  It makes me sort of super sad since the place is incredibly hyped, but, there it is.  This place is basically equivalent to a second-best hand in Texas Hold 'Em.  It looks really nice, and can be a winner sometimes, but there is probably something better out there.  I would eat here again if in the area and hankering for some ramen, but I wouldn't make a special trip out here JUST SPECIFICALLY for this place.
If all I ate were the pork belly buns and the chicken wings special for the night, then I would have given them 5 stars. Those two dishes were ahhmazing. Esp the pork buns. But I did have the momofuku ramen bowl and that was just OK. Maybe I'm not a ramen kind of guy. But everything else I was impressed by. The space is tiny and there is usually a wait. But staff was nice and provided good service. I'd say go and try it yourself.
"Need change for that?" This pandemic phrase permeates the East Village restaurants and coffee shops. Even if the check is $31 and you pay with a $100 or $50 bill. Is this something management has instituted when hiring a server? Now Momofuko Noodle Bar is one of my favorite spots. It's alot of peoples favorite spot. Unless your're in line at 5:30, you will wait for a table or stool. That's just a fact. But today I went for a late lunch and the place was mostly empty. The "oyster bun" special caught my eye, so it was a done deal. With the seven spice chips and Diet Coke, I was good to go. One of the servers could not have been more cordial as she explained her "Tom Lawless" tee shirt was a Brooklyn whiskey, etc. Cool. The "Oyster Bun" arrived and seemed like a mayo sandwich. And it was. One tiny fried oyster orphaned in the middle of an ocean of mayonaisse and cucumber. So I proceeded to ask the closest server, not the cordial one, if this bun was correct. The guy got very defensive and said "don't blame me"! I assured him I wasn't, but at $14 a bun, it seemed wrong. So, I went ahead and ordered my usual pork bun and  it was fantastic as always. I asked for the check and a $31.51 bill was flopped in front of me. I presented a fifty and the infamous "you need change for that?" came immediately. Ah, yea. I got my change, minus the $.49 in coins. I asked the server why the $18 and no change, to which he answered "I don't touch change". Well, "good for you" I answered. "Good for you". Attention David Chang. Get a handle on this.
Overrated, over-priced and major disappointment are the words that comes in mind when describe my experience in Momofuku Noodles Bar.  I went there for David Chang, of course.  I ordered mushroom buns and ramen.  The mushroom buns was good, except it was all about the sauce.  It takes no skills to slap together mushrooms, cucumber slices with a spread of good hoisin sauce.  I wouldn't be unhappy if they didn't charge me $9 for something as simple as that.  Ramen was really a joke.  The broth tasted like over-salted soy sauce mixture.  I had instand noodles better than their ramen.  Seriously, I wouldn't eat it again even they offer it for free.  I really don't understand what all the hype is about...
So much disappointment... Sad. Momofuku and smoked chicken ramen were both mehhhh... Not that flavorful. Pork buns were good but not better than ippudo or Totto. Wasn't worth the 45 minute wait!
I know very little about what makes good ramen, so take this review with a grain of salt.  I came in on a busy Monday evening and waited about half an hour to get a seat at the bar.  They offered me a drink while I was waiting which was a nice touch.  The kimchi was very good - spicy but really high on the umami scale.  The spicy miso ramen was very good - the egg added some much needed consistency to the broth.  All in all it was a nice experience, and the staff were very friendly and attentive despite the huge crowd.
***3.5 stars*** There is something to be said about a Ramen bowl that costs you $16 and pork/chicken/shroom buns that cost you $6.  any more dollar signs and you could seriously choke on the broth. To succinctly sum up Momofuku, you will have a serious love/hate relationship with this place.  You will love it to death while it robs you blind, or outrageously wage against this place ... deem it highway robbery.  But no matter what, you've got to try this place at least once to make such a judgment call.  We hate way too much and under appreciate. In my opinion this place is over-priced, but the food here is really high quality.  I can taste the freshness ingredients in almost every single bite to the very last drop.  I tried the ramen, which may look like  a small portion, was befitting for me.  The poached egg was delicately cooked.  If it wasn't made with such tender lovin' care, Momofuku would have ran out of business by now.
Yeah, I have to admit that I'm a fan.  I hate hype and I hate waiting, but, I also love really good Asian food - so - I deal with the drawbacks. I came here right when they opened and again last night.  Didn't know they'd remodeled the inside.  More space for hungry customers but jam packed and popular as ever. Sampled the pork buns, the chicken wings, and the spicy noodles.  Pork buns are the best I've probably ever had, also the fattiest.  (hence the deliciousness.).  The chicken wings were deliciously smoky but a bit too salty even for me, but still great.  The spicy noodles were outstanding.  Spicy sausage and sweet cashews, yum. And the bill was like $35.  Unexpectedly cheap.  (No drinks.) Yeah, this spot is worth the wait.  Go later in the evening when the crowds have died down.  I think that's the secret.
We were one of those few lucky ones to get in without waiting!! just coz we arrived before it opened :) There was already at least 10-15 people standing ahead of us. We ordered the Momofoku bowl and the scallion bowl. The scallion bowl was without the soup, but tasted great. The portion size of the bowls is a lot, so get here hungry! I have been to ippudo a couple of times, and I feel that the broth that both of them use is really different. So theres no real comparison between them.
After all the hype around Momfuku, I had to go check out the food for myself. Sadly, I was disappointed. I found the restaurant to be generally overpriced and overhyped. I ordered  the signature Momofuku Ramen with pork belly and poached egg. The ramen was good, but far from the best I've ever had. More importantly, it definitely not worth the $16 charged.
momofuku was another one of my "must try" places for NYC and i was excited to come here for my last night. i tried both the pork belly and brisket buns. the pork belly bun was not good... there was way more fat then there was meat, like all fat with a sliver of meat when it should be the other way around. it was really bland as well, tasted nothing but fat and grease. the brisket bun was pretty decent but i felt like it was too charred or had too much of a smokey flavor. i think the brisket bun would be a lot better if they changed the method of cooking it, or simply not over cooking it. my bowl of momofuku ramen was good... but the reason why im giving this place such a bad review because two other people ordered the exact same as me, another ordered the chicken ramen, and all their soups were SO SALTY! too salty to the point where it was almost not edible and they all had to dump in hot spices to try to cover it up so their money does not go into a complete waste i see potential for momofuku to have a good bowl of ramen but they are too inconsistent. don't the cookes think about testing the soup base before trying it? it was really bad... many people had told me to not bother coming and that ippudo is muchhh better but i wanted to try it for myself. i definitely experienced better...
Really quite good but I really didn't find the Ramen (or the pork buns) spectacularly better than at other good ramen spots around the city such as Zuzu, Chuko, or Hung Ry.  Definitely very good but definitely overhyped.  You don't have to brave crowds like that to eat equally good Ramen.
With all the options in the east village, i would go back to this place anytime.
This place feels really non-Japanese in terms of its modern decor, staff and even the chefs preparing the meal.  But when the food comes, oh my god it is good and so very authentic.  This is now my favorite ramen place in NYC.  Their ramen reminds me of Ramen Halu in San Jose, CA which remains my all time favorite.  Their buns are also delicious.
Yay: No wait for lunch for 2 on a Saturday. Eh: shrimp buns are made with rectangular patties of shrimp and . . .? okay . . . Yuck: Inedibly salty Momofuku ramen broth. I paid for it so I kept eating until halfway done and had a headache afterwards. Conclusion? Never coming back. Lots of other places to get hearty soupy noodle-y goodness.
After reading reviews I was half expecting to be disappointed by Momofuku noodle bar, but after an amazing lunch at Momofuku ko I thought that noodle bar deserved a fair shake. Our experience began with about a 40min wait which I wouldn't find unreasonable if the food truly wowed me. We ordered the pork buns, spicy most ramen. The pork buns were the highlight of the meal for me. Filled with deliciously decadent pork belly these were extremely savory and left me wanting more. That being said, while they were quite good I can't see myself waiting in line to enjoy them again. The spicy miso ramen was next. The presentation, complete with poached egg goodness was great, for a brief moment I found myself wondering why there was hate for the momo ramen, it looked simply delicious. The flavor however was a bit lacking. It tasted very bland and had a slight aftertaste of fishiness that I found very off putting. It didn't even hold a candle to other ramen shops in the neighborhood. Finally we got the captain crunch truffles for dessert. I have always been a fan of milk bar and the things that Christina tosi comes up with and this was no exception. These balls of joy tasted similar to captain crunch cookie dough, and while being extremely sweet and loaded with sugar I found them to be a nice conclusion to our meal. All in all, while I don't regret our visit I can't see myself waiting in line to return any time soon. The fried chicken meal that the table next to us was devouring did however look extremely tempting..
I am more of a fan of Japanese food in general, Ramen is great at most places,  but I thought Asian Fusion lets give this another go. In manhattan to me, I have expected great ramen from places with a great reputation and have been let down, it makes me kind of wanna go to Hong Kong Int'l airport just to try or Japan one day to experience true greatness.   I was here a few months back and honestly just wanted to try the food.   Did not do any yelp research check friends reviews and all, until now- After the fact.  It was not terrible but still not the best lunch. Ramen, well the meat itself was good, and sample some of the cold chinese egg noodles that someone else I knew had. For lunch, i guess a bit pricey for me, even pork  summer rolls were 9 bucks for apps
This is a review for the fried chicken dinner. The meat buns were absolutely delicious, albeit very greasy (doesn't bother me at all).  Next time, I would probably order two for myself.  Instead of splitting one with my GF. There were two types of fried chicken: Southern and Korean.  It seemed to me that the white meats were done Southern style; dark, Korean.  I don't know if this is consistent or intentional, but our breasts were slightly undercooked, the meats near the bones were often pink, with blood clearly visible.  It did make the meat more tender, however. The Southern pieces were slightly too salty, but was fairly tasty wrapped inside the pancakes.  The Korean pieces were decent, but I've had better at Bon Chon. In the end, I would have probably preferred Popeye's and Bon Chon's over the pieces served at Momofuku.  The food wasn't bad, but I've had better.
very disappointing to find that ny'ers don't know their ramen.  i had high expectations of this place and it failed so horribly.   we lucked out with a 20 min wait on a sunday night for dinner.  it's very cramped and crowded -- my back must have been molested a dozen times as the waiters slid their torsos behind me to service the people, sitting next to us.    it's a fucking clusterfuck of people. service was quick and polite. the ramen was terrible -- people who have raved about the ramen must have never had ramen ever.  i am a fan of hakata style ramen but even then, i've had better shoyu ramen at a market FOOD COURT.   salty yet bland.  meh, please leave the ramen to the japanese. the pork belly buns were pure fat.  it didn't feel/taste that great.   it was just soft ooey goo of a mess. the one thing that was great was the yuzu slushy.   now that is a great drink but really $80+ for 3 people for f'ing ramen is a bit much.
I was a little disappointed by this place.  Only after I went did I find out the "secret" about Momofuku places.. Don't eat the type of food it says in the name.  Wish I would have gotten that advice earlier.  My friend and I actually sat down with the thought of not getting noodles.  But our server  talked into it .. so what did we get the momofuku ramen (bad idea). So the noodles were tasty but the broth was WAY TOO SALTY (like drinking salt). Hands down the best thing of the night was the pork belly buns.  The pork grease was still on your hands after you ate it.. AMAZING.   Other things we had were: - Spanish mackerel tataki dish was tasty.. I think any fish dish there would have been pretty good   - Duck salad.... unimpressive it was a little too gamey and the flavors were interesting I wish I got this mexican/asian creation that was up on the specials board or korean fried chicken (how can you go wrong here)..  maybe next time.
Once again, a recommendation from a local bartender pays off in a big way.  Small noodle house, only a handful of menu items, packed at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon, great vibe. The Brisket Buns were perfect, the buns are made when you place the order and the meat was succulent and melt in you mouth tender, we tried 2 of the 4 noodle dishes that were offered. The house special noodles were excellent, with pork belly and a perfectly poached egg swimming in a flavorful broth. The Spicy Cold Noodles is what motivated me to write this review. When my wife placed the order, the server politely warned that the dish was 'very spicy', which was fine with us. We are both fans of spicy food. The dish was delicious, but be warned. This is not for folks that enjoy a bit of heat, it is a dish for professional fire eaters. If you enjoy Phaal, you are ready for this big boy. The amazing flavors still shine through, which is what makes this dish so special. Hats off to the chef for having the stones to serve this masterpiece with the polite 'very spicy' disclaimer. Luckily there is plenty of ice cold Tiger Beer  to cool you down.
Best after-midnight food in the city.  We ate there with a friend who is a vegan, but makes an exception for the pork buns.
How is this place only 3.5 stars?? This place is great!! Every noodle bowl is amazing and the pork buns are so delicious that you will want to eat ten of them. Haven't tried their other places yet, but I'm sure they are just as good.  If you are in NYC, then you should put this place at the top of your list.
Totally OVER-RATED!!!  Do not waste your time.  Noodles are SUPER SALTY, and just plane weird with a smokey flavor that shouldn't be part of your typical Asian Noodles. Steamed pork buns are ok.  But I would not waste my time in line just to get these. But I will say... their service (well, at least the hostess that was there) was friendly and tried to accommodate us as much as she could during our 1+ hour wait.  But I don't plan on going back any time soon.
The outside of the restaurant is unmarked, but you can guess that it's Momofuku by the design--a lot of glass and a lot of people inside.  If you see something like that, walk towards the glass, and you'll see the Momofuku sign on the door.  There was a lot of people at 7:30 pm on a Saturday night, and the wait was estimated 1.5 hours!  You tell them your name and phone number and then they'll send you a text message.  Arrive within 10 minutes of when they send you a text message, and you should be able to get a table around 10 minutes of arriving.  I think we got the text message after just an hour.  (If you're starving, there's a pizza place next door. $3 for a slice of pepperoni pizza that you can split while waiting...just sayin' that's an option...) The service: Depends.  Some of the waitresses and waiters are really nice.  Some have attitudes. Food: Overpriced!   - The pork buns ($10 for 2) is seriously expensive.  Yes, it is quite delicious, but $5 for one tiny pork bun!  I guess maybe it's because I'm Chinese, and I've had similar things for a lot less... - Shrimp buns ($12 for 2) was good, but not amazing.  The shrimp comes in fried patties. - Ramen was just OK.  The broth was not very good.  I've had much much better (try Totto's!) There is a pretty generous portion of noodles (for ramen), but given that it was $18, I would hope that there would be a lot of noodles! Fun fact of the day: Momofuku means lucky peach.
Best ramen I've ever had, but slightly overpriced.  Superb service.
Ugh what a conflicting review I'm about to leave. Ready go: Pork buns were one of the top 10 most delicious things I have ever had. I would go back here specifically for these and maybe the kimchi in a can or those roasted potatoes with bonito flakes, and leave. If I had done that, this review would be 6 stars. (Throw some of the kimchi into your pork bun, it's even better, if that's possible!) However, we of course ordered two bowls of noodles, one dry, one soup. We of course tried the Momofuku ramen with pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg, which was forgettable compared to all the other ramens I've had. Then we tried the chilled spicy noodles with sichuan, spiced sausage, spinach, cashews, again the main stand out flavor was the chili in it. Everything else was just sorta floating around there. Thus I give this place 3 stars.
SO GOOD. The food was incredible and they give you good sized portions. The noodles were great but the buns were even better! I am so glad my waitress recommended them to me. Only con: a little pricier than I'd normally pay. With tip I paid about 30 bucks for a bowl of noodles and two buns. But it's worth it.
A+ for their mouth-watering pork. I usually pick out all the delectable pork from my ramen and call it a day. Their noodles and broth are average but that crack-infused pork really makes the dish. Pork buns are uber tasty too. Edit: I was a little sad when I went to the new Momofuku location, because the pork didn't taste as great as I remembered. I think they switched from Berkshire Pork to some other kind. Regardless, I can across a new discovery that I'd definitely come back here for, other than the pork buns.... the Brownie and Caramel soft-serve in a sugar cone. Mmmm... Mmm... I like the brownie flavor a little better than the caramel flavor because it had finely grounded brownie pieces infused in the ice cream. yum.
3.5 stars. 1/2 star knocked off due to horrendous wait and terrible cramped atmosphere. 1 star knocked off due to food quality inconsistency. The first time I went, I loved it. I thought that the pork buns were delicious and my appetizer was quite good. The momofuku ramen was exceptional...The second time I went, I was disappointed. Pork buns were still delicious. But my eggplant appetizer was cold, tasteless and boring. The Momofuku ramen was also not up to par. It was still good but it wasn't worth the horrendous wait. I'll probably visit again and update to see if I just went on a bad day.
Went here back in 2007. I had the pork-buns and the ramen. Both were expensive and underwhelming. The broth for the ramen wasn't flavorful enough to justify it's existence. All told, it was OK, though. NYers seem to be commonly misled on food. The food was probably better when it was a newer restaurant. I don't know.
I tried the raved pork buns and i am not impressed.  It is a copy of Peking duck without any sauce or flavoring. They slapped a pan fried piece of fatty pork belly on a white flour bun.  Ok to try it once but not enough to come back for.  For the noodle, the broth was too salty.  It is almost as if they used a double dose of the soup packets that come with supermarket ramien to make the broth.  the texture of the ramien is ok.  I dont think i will be coming back for $16 a bowl of what is really marketing hype.  I make better ramien at home for a fraction of the price.
Not sure its worth an hour wait, but the food is yummy. The buns are better at Fatty Crab, but the ramen momofuku is the bomb.
Delicious!  We ordered the famous chicken (which you have to reserve in advance) and it was amazingly good, but heavy (it comes in two preparations--buttermilk and Asian/Korean--and it's two whole chickens plus wings!).  I didn't need to eat for the rest of our vacation.  On top of that, our server brought us complimentary pork buns and then complimentary desserts after the meal--all good except we were literally in pain from eating all that chicken. We were only 4 people (you need at least 7-8 to even make a decent dent in the chicken), so we ended up taking it back and giving half to a friend and half to a nice homeless man we met in the park.  I would love to go back and try something other than the chicken.
Ramen soup should be delicious! Ordered the spicy ramen and the flavor was dull. Tasted like powder substance and flavorless.
Food is great but pricey. Not sure if I would come back here though, would just go to a cheaper place for a similar taste. Would recommend for those who don't mind spending a little bit extra.
** lunch review ** I came here for lunch right when it opened, which is clearly the best time in terms of crowds. I liked that we didn't feel rushed by any staff, which I think would normally happen at a place with such big acclaim otherwise. My two friends and I shared three types of buns, all of which were great: shrimp (spicy mayo, pickled shallot, iceberg), pork (hoisin, scallion, cucumber), and shiitake (hoisin, scallion, cucumber). The shrimp was my favorite. The chilled spicy noodles were definitely spicy, and it was our heaviest dish, as it was quite oily: sichuan spiced sausage, spinach, cashews. Very delectable. Lastly, the baby beet salad (smoked ricotta, hazelnut, endive) was fresh, and while it didn't totally go with the rest of our meal, it was nice to have some non-fried food on the table. One of my friends ordered the Chardonnay. It's local and quite sweet -- not our fave. The beer selection is surprisingly good! I'm glad I got to try this special spot!
I don't think I've ever written a mediocre review, but I figured if I spent so much money, I should at least share the experience somehow if can't at least brag about it to anyone. I came alone on a Sunday night (yes loner. bite me) so i skipped he entire line which was quite pleasant. Service was quick and simple, so I got myself a beer, the well reviewed pork belly buns, and their (signature?) ramen. Pork belly sandwich was quite fabulous. Given, it doesn't compare to some of the awesome peking duck buns i've had, but lets stay on topic. I believe here was cucumber in there, hoisin, and some fatty grilled pork belly. 2 per person might be a little too much, but it did go quite well with that hot sauce they have. By the time the ramen came, i was honestly getting full from the beer and the two buns, so my review of the ramen might be slightly biased, but nonetheless honest. And the verdict?  ..plain. It looked really cute and fancy with the big ol' bowl, the pretty pieces of seaweed, and the beautifully cooked egg, but  the taste could be kicked up a few notches. Noodles were typical and I'm assuming not self-made. broth was standard. egg was great, but at the end of the day, it's still egg. and the pork belly, after having it grilled in my buns, i'd prefer a little change. And honestly the best ramen i've ever had used steamed pork belly that just falls apart like butter. mmm. This is my first time in NY, so I can't compare it to anywhere else, but anyone who's ever planning to go to LA, the ramen inside the Mitsuwa stores are still the best. And yes, come with an open mind and an open wallet. The tab was 37 I believe, for myself alone. If you share an appetizer, that's still around 30 per person. happy eats!
I definitely need to come to Momofuku more often (and I'm dying to try Momofuku Ko!). I tried it a couple years ago, and I liked it, so when my friend suggested we go there late one night, I was game. I had the miso ramen, which had a rich dark broth, chewy wider noodles (like linguini), tatsoi, radish slices, shitake mushrooms and scallions. It was delicious! My friend had a cold noodle dish, which he really enjoyed. I hope to come back soon to try to pork buns, as they seem to be all the rage at Momofuku!
The pork bun is amazing (as many other have said), and the "Momofuku Noodles" are ok. The noodles themselves aren't close to being the best, but the broth they come in is very tasty. Overall, I recommend Momofuku if you don't mind dropping $16 for noodles. If you'd rather go buy some sparkling wine and some packets of ramen, go for it, but personally I feel it's worth it to come here once in a while.
stoped by for a pork ramen, not what it used to be, not what i rememer from the heroic early months after momofuku opened and when the restauirant was often empty, i remember the berksire pork neck ramen, suculent and powerfull. today i got a sloppy over salted broth with just the minimun pleasure a ramen can get away with....and still be called a ramen.not generous, berely adequate
Poor at best. The Buns were the only redeeming quality.  Hence the 2 stars. They should rename it Momofuko Bun Bar, cause the noodles stink.   Ramen broth was overly salty, barely warm and without complexity.  the ingredients were un- interesting.  Overpriced with indifferent service. Bobby should be ashamed.
Def one cool spot! The place was packed (it was Friday night), but we didn't wait too long (we were a party of 3). Ordered homemade potato chips as an app - it was alright, i mean you can't really mess up or complain about potato chips, right? I ordered all three of their bun variety: pork, shrimp, and brisket. Pork was D-licious, shrimp was good and brisket was good also, but the pork was my fave. My friends each ordered a noodle dish:  the miso ramen and the momofuku ramen; of course, I got to sample them as well (I got awesome friends). The Momofuku ramen was reminiscent of Naruto with its swirly seafood thingy (yes that is a culinary term). I found the broth of the Momofuku ramen to be a bit too salty but still very good, just drink lots of water! The miso ramen was good too, but I don't really think it's worth price. I mean yes Momofuku is a cool place and you are paying for the ambiance and the name. Will I go there again, umm maybe... Cool place to check out but def not gonna be my reg spot.
I like Ippudo a lot, but really y'all, I think the Momofuku Ramen is the best ramen in NYC. I need to get a reservation for the fried chicken soon.
My boyfriend and I were told it would be a 30-minute wait for two seats, but we waited for maybe 15 minutes. The wings were GREAT! We both ordered spicy miso ramen. At first, I felt like the soup needed more salt. I added some sriracha sauce to the bowl. However, as the ingredients marinade in the soup, everything tasted fine. For me, the BEST part of eating at Momofuku was watching the kitchen crew work. My boyfriend and I enjoyed watching the guys prepare the various dishes.
The best way to avoid the long line there is to go during a snow storm lol not joking... Else try to go for lunch and be in line by 11:30am. I have tried many dishes on the menu but the 2 that really stands out are the very famous pork buns. You cannot go wrong with them and they are actually much much better than the other ones. As far as ramen, I would only stick with the spicy miso one which comes with chicken. By far the best and the most flavorful broth.
Going to Momofuku Noodle Bar seems to be, for a particular kind of food fan, the equivalent of traveling to Mecca these days. Are you into minimalism? Multiculturalism? Magazines published by Dave Eggers? Made-from-scratch DIY foodstuffs? Fermentation? Momofuku is where all of these concepts come together to hang out for drinks. As such, it did not disappoint, and in fact, seemed so down-to-earth and un-hyped, I almost had to check the address. A preternaturally calm hostess wearing no makeup and a nubbly sweater wrote our names down on a yellow legal pad. We were ushered into our seats in the back within about fifteen minutes or so, and a waiter wearing a black t-shirt and tattoos took our orders without fuss. Rock music blared from the kitchen, which was spotless but small. The food was all excellent, and equally unfussy. The pork belly buns were more like tacos, with a flat bun folded around a perfect slice of meat in the middle, coated in creamy horseradish. The tamales were tasty, but so-so, more exciting in concept than in reality. The star of the meal was of course the ramen, but it seemed too obvious to be true. Really? A simple soup of homemade noodles, seaweed and poached egg was among the most memorable meals of our lives? Here? Sitting here sandwiched between a sweaty overweight lady speaking Chinese to her son, and two girls who seemed more absorbed in their conversation about law school than in the food? Here is where we finally put down our bags and bowed to the food world legend that is Momofuku? Yes, here. And it was just what it should have been. And the best part is, it was laid-back and inexpensive enough that we can go back for more.
I still dont understand the hype.  Waited 25 minutes for lunch today.  Had the pork buns and momofuku ramen.  The instant ramen you get from the Japanese grocery store tastes better.  Pork bun was bland.   Better off going to Ippudo or Toto Ramen.
This place seems like another Asian fusion restaurant that is just trying to be trendy and "with it." I'm not sure why there are so many of these types of restaurants popping up in New York, but it's a little bit nauseating. When I go out to eat, I want good food first and foremost. I guess some New Yorkers are more into the whole image and hype.. I came here with a friend and my cousin, and we were all pretty disappointed -- with the seating (very cramped, as several other Yelpers have said), food (small portions generally for a lot more money than it's worth, and the ramen here doesn't taste like ramen), and the service (a little on the slow side). The ramen we had, while it had a decent amount of meat, was just strange. It's hard to describe -- it had more of a Chinese egg-noodle texture than the ramen texture I'm used to having at ramen houses. The broth also was pretty bland. Isn't broth what makes ramen so amazing? When the three of us left, we each had paid about $20, yet we still left feeling a little hungry and jipped. The only thing that I would give them an extra star for is this poached egg/bacon/shrimp dish that was tasty. Small portion again, but still a tasty and interesting combination.
Went in on a Monday around 1:30 pm and got seats for 2 at the bar right away.  We got the pork buns and shittake mushroom buns for starters, and then the Momofuku ramen along with the ginger scallion noodles. The pork buns were everything other reviewers say they are, and much bigger than they look in pictures.  Big slabs of pork too big for the bun to actually fit around, with just the perfect amount of Hoisin sauce nicely complemented by sliced cucumbers - worth the price of admission alone, which was pretty steep.  The pork was much meatier than I imagined, with the fat nicely dispersed throughout the meat rather than in one big hunk next to the skin.  Basically, imagine an incredible Peking duck dish with pork. The shittake mushroom buns were also pretty amazing; I have no idea how they prepare it, but I've certainly never tasted mushrooms like that.  My friend commented that they somehow got it to have a meaty quality to it, and it's a nice vegetarian substitute for the pork bun. The ramen itself wasn't anything special.  The broth was a bit too salty for my taste and doesn't have the nice flavor that really good ramens have.  The noodles are harder than most ramen I've had, and the pork they use isn't nearly as flavorful in this context as it is in the pork buns.  This is my first ramen experience in NYC (having come from California, where great ramen can be had for ~$7), but I think I can pretty safely say it wouldn't be worth 15 bucks anywhere.  Similar things could be said for the ginger scallion noodles, which was good but nothing delightful and can probably be easily made at home. It came out to about $60 for the two of us with tip (which, again, was significant, but almost worth it just to have the pork buns for the first time), and the next time I go I'll certainly try something else other than the ramen.  At some point I'd love to go and try their fried chicken dinners. tl;dr - splurge on the pork/shittake mushroom buns, get ramen somewhere else
For the past year, every time I'm at yelp, I get reminded that I have an incomplete review. It hangs over me, keeping me from writing any other reviews and reminding me of failed ambitions (clean room? Spanish fluency? an understanding of RPattz's appeal, besides the fact that his nickname makes me hanker for a Minetta Tavern burger? negatory). Today, however, is the day that--you know, RPattz, KStew, what's with all these nicknames that sound like food? Momofuku Noodle's decor is like Japanese Zen as done by Crate and Barrel--lots of clean lines with short wooden stools and tables, and a long bar area. I dig the look, but not the lack of space. It's really narrow, with the bar on one side and long tables on the other side, one behind the other. When there's people at the bar, which is more often than not (come on, this is a momo establishment), getting from the front to the back (ie bathroom) is reminiscent of getting out at your stop on the 6 train during rush hour. For the food, I had (including nibbles of my friend's food): Roasted foie gras (rhubarb mostarda, dandelion greens, strawberries) - Vegan me from two years ago winces at this, and even more at the fact that it didn't blow my mind. It was good, but not enough to forget the practices behind foie gras. If I'm eating foie gras, I had better be taken to a state where nothing matters besides sensory bliss. Steamed buns (chicken / shiitake / pork) - okay, but I usually don't like steamed buns Smoked chicken wings (pickled chili, garlic, scallions) - yummers Chips with seven spices - could've used more spice, and I hate eating something that I realize I could've made at home Momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg) - The pork was delish--soft and flavorful, with a balanced amount of fat, but eh to the noodles. I am not a noodles person, though. Cousin leroy & arlo's soft serve ice cream (rhubarb / shortcake / twist) - The rhubarb part was too tart, but the shortcake was like eating cake. It would've been better if the proportions were 25% rhubarb and 75% shortcake. I like the Momofuku concept, but the food doesn't live up to my expectations, which is unfair, because I have really high expecations for David Chang. It's fun sitting at the bar, and the crowdedness adds to the atmosphere. I'd definitely come back for the vibe and the pretty good food (bring a friend you have fun chatting with), but not specifically for the food.
Pork buns were tender, succulent and quite delicious. The wings were mediocre at best and their classic chicken ramen was ok. The ramen had only a few pieces of chicken but they were tasty, the noodles were cooked perfectly but  the soup itself lacked flavor. I enjoyed the friendly and cozy ambience. Service was good despite the fact that they were busy. There was also a clear separation between the servers and the cooking staff---which decreases the chances of cross contamination. The kitchen was also very clean. I will probably come back.
Momofuku is lively and energetic.  We got seated pretty quickly but there was constant capacity and turnover happening. To be up front, I love Japanese ramen but was very open to trying a Korean twist to it.   No question that the ramen was delicious (Momofuku Ramen) and the springy noodles had the perfect texture.   The smokiness was nice and the pork was also very tender and delicious.  This being said,  I still prefer a more delicate flavor to ramen that I get with a traditional style.   Just my opinion. Pork buns were amazing.   Tender, steamy and fatty.   In the future I will stop at one since they are so rich, but well worth it. Kimchee was also delicous. For what it is, it is great.  I understand why people love it and I definitely recommend it.
Best noodles in the city as the broth is not as oily as other noodle bars.
We came in, cranky, damp and starving.  I convinced everyone in my group that by the time we found a parking space and got to a place with a shorter line, the 45 minute wait would fly by.  Thank god I got them to concur.   Once we got our spots at the counter (in my opinion way better than the tables) we let the bacchinal begin.  We started with the pork buns, of course.  I wish we had 2 orders of them. We decimated these in about 30 seconds.  Then the pig tails:  I didn't like them, they tasted weird, but hey, the chef gets points for being adventurous.   I had the veg miso-nice and smokey.  My friend didn't like hers but  I loved mine. I wouldn't say that I adore smokey things, but I'm not averse to them.  I thought it was great. She thought it was too strong.  I guess it's a personal choice thing.  I thought it was well executed. aA per usual, we had a great dinner at Momofuko.  Stay tuned for my review of Chickilicious where we headed after for a nice end to an east village evening :)
I waited 2 hours on a freezing night to try a bowl of momofuku ramen but I was really disappointed. :( I do not understand why people are so crazy about this place! Each bowl of ramen is like almost $20 with tax and tip included and I don't think it is not worth it at all! I would rather get Santouka Ramen back in LA rather than waiting 2 hours for something that is not worth the time. The ramen comes with a shoyu broth, couple pieces of pork, 2 slices of fish cake, and a piece of nori. The presentation looks nice but sadly the taste of it is nowhere near. The broth is not flavored enough and not to mention it was lukewarm. I cannot stand restaurants serving lukewarm food especially when it comes to ramen! The pork was a little too think and dry. The only thing I liked about this bowl of ramen was the poached egg. At least they didn't mess that up! Momofuku, I love your dessert but not your ramen!
Re: Fried Chicken Dinner, Tuesday, 10:00PM Party of 8. The single most asked question regarding David Chang's version of the fried chicken is - "Is it better than Bon Chon?"  And my answer is, yes, but still not the best.  I don't even know if I have a best fried chicken place defined by my palette.  Fried chicken is either good or it's not.  And for all of the games this establishment has played with their highly coveted 10:00AM online reservations... it should definitely be factored into its final review. In the game of dating, there are women who are prude and plays hard to get.... and in the same game of fried chicken, this dinner definitely plays the same blue ball kind of a game.  And the result?  Good! Overall the brown paper communal table top setting is key to any interactively fun group dinner filled with well drinks, delicious foodie food mixed with pork fat, bacon, and runny egg.  If that's not a good Tuesday night, I don't know what is.
Meh.  Have had better.  Oh MNB, this was the first time I walked away from a bowl of ramen without clearing both noodle and broth out.   1.  Food: We ordered the miso, the spicy chicken, and the momofuku ramen.  They were all salty.  But we probably got our eight glasses of water that day!  The spicy chicken was probably the most interesting dish out of the three.  The Momofuku ramen bowl had a soy-sauce based broth, tempered with some sort of sweetness. 2. Service: average 3. Atmosphere: Lots of clean light wood and angles.  Random mixture of people.  Not especially atmospheric.
I am not quite sure what is so "great" about this place.  It is very charming and starkly neighborly.  But I can get far better ramen elsewhere for MUCH cheaper and not that much different tasting.  I do admit that the ingredients do seem fresher, but ramen is comfort, street food.  $15 for a bowl doesn't constitute street food. Service is fast and efficient, though not overly nice - but then again what place in East Village is? The counter is very cool - must sit once just to see the chef in action. Might take some out-of-towners there, but not to sate my regular ramen noodle craving.
This was no HYPE... Busy night yet still consistent with their dish! I had BUNs, Noodles, Soju Slush I love Momofuku cookbook fell in love with this book since 2009! I did not expect much but it was the best noodle I had for long time Pork buns were soft as pillow melt in your mouth with pickle cucumber and sweet hoisin, Soju slush was the bomb love love loved it! Great finish with cake truffle! Overall price was little expensive but after all it's Momofuku busiest place in East Village! Make sure arrive little early no reservations I waited for 30mins It was well worth wait!
On this episode of weekly ramen, Scott and Mike, caught between the rock and a hard place of an interminably long wait at Ippudo and ferociously impatient stomachs, stumble into Momofuku Noodle Bar, ragged from walking another few blocks and barely able to form words from the hunger. Once the food hit my stomach the fog in my head dissipated and I noticed that the layout was very similar to the Ssam Bar: a long, narrow space assembled from wood panels, albeit a much lighter shade than the former. However, before I was able to any of process this we had to order. After a quick decision to keep it simple and classic, we opted for the pork belly buns and the Momofuku ramen. The pork buns came out swiftly, but compared to the time it took us to devour them it seemed like ages. Tender, fatty roast pork, thinly sliced cucumber, chopped scallion and a little hoisin packed into a thin yet fluffy bun, the pork buns are great. If that description isn't enough to convince you, the flavorful pork is fall-apart-in-your-mouth and its greasiness, which isn't over the top, coats the bun nicely. The cucumbers and scallions, in addition to offering a textural contrast to the pork, balance out the heat after you add sriracha (the former) and a provide a nice tang to the whole affair (the latter). I wouldn't go so far as to say it's five-star mind-blowing, but it's great. The ramen, on the other hand, was more of a mixed bag (bowl?). It came complete with the same pork belly as the buns, along with some shredded pork shoulder, which was every bit as excellent as the belly. Using these cuts of meat in a bowl of ramen is a non-traditional move - surprise! It's David Chang - but it works well. However, the other main parts of the ramen couldn't sustain the pork-mentum. The broth - I think a soy/chicken stock mixture; you can't choose - was unremarkable and the noodles, while cooked al dente, were closer to spaghetti than ramen. To top it off, Scott's noodles were clumped together, an issue I've seen raised in other Yelp reviews. There are a couple other things worth mentioning about the ramen, including the just-barely poached egg, a jellyfish-like white blob that when poked with a chopstick explodes into white and yellow streams before dispersing into the broth. The yolk thickened and mellowed the broth, which was nice, but couldn't really bring it back to the level where it needed to be. The fishcake was also appreciated; an item that should be a staple of every bowl of ramen, yet this is the first place I've seen that includes it in a standard bowl. I'd give the pork buns four stars and the ramen three, which makes the average three and a half stars, but the prices knock my rating down to two and a half. At $10 for two pork buns and $13 for a bowl of ramen, we're well into $5 milkshake territory. There's no way an uneven bowl of ramen is worth that much. If you're really desperate for the pork buns here's the recipe: epicurious.com/recipes/f…. You can buy the buns in Chinatown supermarkets - look in the refrigerated foods section, they come in clear plastic packages with green lettering on them - if you don't want to spend the time and effort to make them from scratch (this is one shortcut I felt comfortable taking). I guarantee you can make this for cheaper than $5 a bun and it will taste every bit as good. If I were rating Noodle Bar on the ramen alone I'd give it two stars, but overall I'll be nice and lean toward three. It's not a bad meal, just be prepared to overpay.
Being a ramen fan, and hearing so much praise about Momofuku, I was really excited to come and eat here. The restaurant itself is really beautiful, if not a bit cramped (the shared seating and small stools are a bit awkward). This night we ordered the shrimp buns, pork buns, Momofuku ramen and the ginger scallion noodles. The pork buns were really great (and much better than the shrimp), but the ramen was just so-so. Perhaps it was my high expectations, but we we're very disappointed in their ramen. When that beautiful bowl of noodles came before us it looked absolutely delicious, however, upon my first bite I was sorely disappointed. I've since heard from others that the quality has diminished over time with their ramen. The dessert was a high note in the meal; we had the beet-lime ice cream with a pistachio crumble. It was such an interesting flavor combination that was not only delicious but had the whole table smiling. Overall, I was disappointed in the ramen but the experience was fine. I don't think I'll be returning though, in this city there are far better noodle bowls out there.
The noodle here is good enough for you to come back again,:)
Date Visited: May 17th People: Megan, Jim, Wendy My tab: $35 Not my first time, although the first time at the new location. Didn't need to wait for a table, although we went for lunch...but still, we were 4 peope. The place actually reminds me a lot of my kitchen although they go a little overboard on the blonde wood. Still, I like the larger setting, and you no longer have to eat at a bar staring at a wall. They still have an open kitchen, which I respect greatly (I could deal with my customers watch me work...that's why I'm an anesthesiologist). Started out with the pork buns, as everyone would recommend. I thought I'd try something new and go for the special, a spinah pasta with snow peas and a hearty porton of crab. It was definately good, but I left without getting my complete pork fix...although I did try have a bit of the momofuku ramen and kimchee stew, as good as always. However, still highly recommend the grits, you can't get anything else like that in the city...and isn't that why everyone's drooling over david chang anyway?
Had the following: Spiced chips Pork buns Shrimp buns Chicken wings Momofuku ramen The only thing that met expectations were the pork buns.  The pork belly was tender without being too fatty. The spiced chips were nothing special, the same with the chicken wings (these are finished on the flattop by the way).  The shrimp buns were pretty good, but I'm not a huge fan of shrimp cakes, so that's my own personal preference.   The ramen was sort of forgettable in the sense that if you've had good ramen at Daikokuya, Orochan, Asa Ramen, Shin-sen gumi, etc. then your expectations immediately jump a bowl that you've had from one of these places.  Unfortunately, your expectations will be let down because this Ramen lacks some of the accompaniments that other Ramens have, such as corn, bamboo shoots, or bean sprouts. I wouldn't wait the 30 plus minutes you might have to wait on a typical week night, but if its relatively empty and you're in the neighborhood, try it out.
Always busy, always delicious, always drink to much sake
Momfuku is yet another NYC institution that I have been meaning to experience for ages.  Finally got around to it a couple of weeks ago.   I'm not sure that I had the typical experience, as my date is a super regular and we were whisked to the front of the line and then fed whatever the chef deemed exciting.   Frankly, I have no idea what we ate.  With the exception of the sweetbreads, which were fine.  As long as I could pretend that I didn't know that sweetbreads are actually brains.  Eesh.  I am NOT that  sophisticated.  Brains still weird me out. It certainly was an enjoyable meal and it certainly was packed.  Next time, however, I'll stick to the fare upon which Momofuku has built its reputation.  No more brains for this chick.
Trust me and skip the ramen.  Get it somewhere else that's cheaper and better.  Ramen was unimpressive.  But the BUuuuuNS, on the other hand, oh my God... unbelievable, fabulous, speechlessly delicious.  We ordered the pork and brisket buns, and I can't stress it enough.  Both were full of flavor, but the pork belly just melted in my mouth.  Just order the buns, and stay in heaven!  Man~~ those deliciously fluffy steamed buns, I can't forget about you!  The guy who sat next to me ordered the pork and shrimp buns and promised me that those are the top two best in his opinion.  So decided I need to go back to try all three buns in one seating next time. Went here for a Sunday dinner, and people were waiting in line 30 min prior to the opening time just to have dinner here.  Speedy and efficient service despite the hectic-ness of this place.  This place is not cheap.  Get the best value for your money for what they do the best.... the buns!
I guess I am senile b/c I first wrote the review on the other restaurant which I heard was way better. The noodle bar was not great. Yeah, pork buns were delicious, but small (2 for $9?!). The ramen was SUPER SALTY. I couldn't take it. On the plus side, waiter was nice and wait wasn't too bad, but yeah, I didn't have great expectations about this place anyways.
I went last week to this restaurant, I just have lunch but it was really good and fun! Love the minimalist environment of the place and the food is fresh and full of authentic flavors!
My boyfriend and I used to live by the Robson Streets of Vancouver where Ramen shops gathered in the dozens. So our standard for Ramen is probably relatively high, and especially after we watched David Chang's shows. It was a busy restaurant and we had to wait one hour for seats which was expected, so we didn't mind taking a walk while waiting. The decor was chic but service was okay, our waitresses seemed really busy, and she probably was. My boyfriend had the Momofuku Ramen, and I had the Spicy Miso. The flavors were pretty good, and the eggs had exceptional texture, but I couldn't get past the soup being COLD! not barely hot, but barely lukewarm! we kept wondering if it was intentionally so as we watched the noodle chef picking up strands of boiled noodles in each bowl high into the air and folded them down repetitively. We wondered the whole time, and until now, if the authentic ramen are supposed to be served cold-ish? So if the soup had been warmer, I probably would have rated it differently, but I guess for now we'll never know..
MEHHHH... the ramen was pretty bad and we had to wait 40 mins just to get seated... unless its immediate seating I would not go back to eat there
Went on a Thursday night, expecting greatness considering there's always a lot of people. The ambience is nice and the place is super clean with nice wooden tables. The pork buns were good, but the ramen was a little one note (ordered the spicy miso). With ramen, it's all about the broth, but I felt like it lacked depth in flavor..maybe I'm just used to having more flavor rather than something mild. It's not bad, but there's definitely better (and cheaper) out there. I guess my tastes have been spoiled from spending a year in Japan..
De-li-cious!  Very fresh ingredients and fresh approach to Asian food.  Try the rice cakes -- it's a sweet and crunchy twist to Korean dok bok ki.  The octopus salad is exquisite.  And of the noodles, try the miso thick ramen!  YUMMY!  I liked this place so much I went twice in one weekend!
Was craving for some ramen and decided to go to Ippudo but did not want to wait for an hour for ramen so walked over here and was surprised to find there was no line here. Order the shrimp and pork buns for appetizer and I must say I was not impressed.  The pork buns were decent but way overpriced.  You can have comparable pork buns at Baohaus, Gyukaku or even ktown for half the price. And the shrimp buns were definitely a big disappointment-a shrimp patty with some unremarkable sauce?  At last, the momofuku ramen- which was a way too salty and I had a hard time finishing the bowl and didn't even drink the broth.  Overall pretty disappointed because I have heard people raving about this place for a while, but haven't really gotten a chance to visit because of the long wait.
Pork bun, shrimp bun - AMAZING!  So delicious and umami-y.   The ramen was very good.  Noodles were a good texture and the Benton pork lent such a smoky lovely flavor to it.
I've had the chicken dinner and I'm not a fan!   This go round at Momofuku, during my chicken dinner reservation, the chicken was well seasoned but the southern styled chicken wasn't cooked all the way.  After complaining to the manager about three different pieces of chicken that leaked blood, had pink meat, and/or couldn't be torn off the bone he began to argue with me about their chicken cooking process.  Finally the manager agreed to fry me some new chicken but when I got home I learned that he just re-fried the same chicken that was at my table (I know this because I had cut small cuts in the chicken at my table before he agreed to give me new chicken to see if they were done and the chicken in my to-go containers had the same slits I cut into the chicken) -- which is clearly against food safety regulations.    :-/ I personally don't think their $100 fried chicken dinner was worth the reservation hassle, especially because of the restaurant rude manager.  So, if you're in the mood for really good Korean Fried Chicken, I would recommend Mad For Chicken (madforchicken.com) that has friendly and efficient staff, an amazing drink menu (esp. Soju), and a romantic/trendy atmosphere!
We scored a reservation a few weeks before and boy were we excited The fried chicken lunch was pretty awesome- I mean actually really awesome.  The buttermilk chicken was my favorite, the condiments great and you don't have to wait in line for your table.  I would eat these lunch again and again.  We were a group of 5 and could have easily fed 8 with all the chicken.  Everything was awesome.
I really wanted to love this place.  And I didn't.  Not even close.  I left wanting my dollars back. 1. The waitress was kind of intense.  My boyfriend asked how she was -- and she really shared with us how she was (which apparently was not wonderful).  Now I don't like it when people ask how you are don't wait for an answer...but i don't know you and i'm hungry i don't need to know your issues in life. 2. Pork Buns.  Not delicious at all.  I get pork buns everywhere I go and I've never had them with so little pork and so much fat.  I could barely stomach it. 3. The soup - eh it was fine...but isn't ramen about $0.10 a package? However the fried chicken in ti was really good. 4. I actually did like the vegetable noodle bowl.  It wasn't soup but it had some very yummy cauliflowers in it.  What was interesting was that it seemed like the waitress was trying to get us to stay away from this. overrated and overpriced...take your soup loving self elsewhere.
Came to Momofuku Noodle Bar as Chang's influence is really catalyzing in Austin: our own porky, batshit-Asian-badass cuisine is going strong and gaining immense popularity through guys like Paul Qui. So how does Momofuku measure up? Their ramen, while costly, was very good. I could definitely taste the difference in its bacon dashi, which made it waaaay stronger than a traditional fish-based dashi. The poached egg was killer, I'll always take that over ajitama. The pork belly and shoulder were both solid, if somewhat unspectacular. Noodle were nice and chewy. Overall, a great if slightly unorthodox bowl of ramen. The powerful broth made up for some of the shortcomings of the meaty bits. Came back for their pork buns to compare to Qui's - Chang's are good, but Qui's blow Momofuku's out the water. They were great...but not the same buns that made me fall in love with the stuff. Very porky and could've used the tiniest bit more Hoisin for contrast. The service was good: my water was filled whenever it emptied and they brought the check out when I needed it. Normal restaurant stuff. My Momofuku experience was very good. The price might keep me from coming back, but I'm more interested in their daily specials, one of which was a Maine diver scallop crudo (I think) the day I came in - sounded totally legit.
I came here on a whim only for their famous pork buns which Time Out listed as #6 on their top 10 dish list last year. The negative reviews on overpriced Ramen noodles didn't phase me. I won't even consider buying it for 12 cents a pack at Costco. For 9 bucks...much to my surprise, the dish comes with 2 buns the size of Quizno Sammies. Wrapped inside are tiny chunks of fatty pork, picked cucumbers, and hoisin sauce. It tastes no different from the Peking duck wraps you can get in Chinatown for $2 during their annual sidewalk food fair. These pork buns looked a lot larger in the Time Out photo. Looks can be deceiving. It was big on taste, but it still left me feeling hungry afterwards. I could have stayed and ordered something else from the menu, but for the prices...not worth it. You can get easily addicted to these, but I'm sure you can get a better deal (as well as size) in Chinatown. The pork buns alone get 4 stars, but I take off 1 star for being overpriced, and 1 more for having Ramen noodles on the menu.
Two bowls of noodles- razor clams, chicken wings, pork buns, 4 beers .. bill for 2 people? over 100 bucks.. why? the beer! at $9-11 dollars a pop~ HOLY FRIGGIN SHIZO! This place is tiny~ as in like a tiny hallway with a lot of stools tiny. Overall I'd say nothing stood out of all the things I tried- and my style is, i might as well try whatever the hell I can while im here, because if nothing stands out- I wont ever come back. I was really hoping to find something special here though- for about 15 dollars a bowl of noodles; I was expecting the cream of the crop. Cost isnt an issue as long as what was being paid for was worth it. In this case it falls short- very short of my expectations. The texture of the ramen was okay -but  the soup wasnt much to entice the palate.  presentation was nice but whoda hell cares- its a noodle shop. The whole idea behind ramen is supposed to be a quick hearty homey meal that could be slurped down any time of day. I wanted to love this place.. I wanted to love this place even if the restaurants name is cursing me out. (my name's mOmO) HAR HAR Its a shame that the only thing stood out was the price tag- there was a lot left to be desired considering I could have walked over to Rai Rai ken and get my ramen fill for half the price. The other dishes were alright- chicken wings were quite different n unique (like squashed then panfriend or something) Razor clams were fresh and tasty- nothing special though (takes aLOT to please me) The beer - was friggin awesome! I dont think I have tasted such fresh bottled beer from Japan ever. They were like 2 Japanese microbrew types.. I KNOW! JAPANESE MICROBREW! But once again the price kept me from really enjoying it as I knew each gulp was burning a hole into my pocket. I couldnt help but think I could have been drinking Chimay for the same price. Overall I can't say Momofuku (up urs too!) was bad- I would have liked it and even returned for visit- that is if their prices weren't so ambitious.
I went here during lunch time and it was packed considering this place to be a bit small. I got seated right away, the service was slow, and the food was ok. It was just another version of Ippudo. The only reason I decided to come here for a visit was because I wanted to compare both of them. But in my opinion, Ippudo's pork bun cannot beat Momofuku's pork bun.
Visited on a saturday night, prime crush time, told the wait would be 20 min., so i ordered a budweiser in a can for $3.  I was mildly surprised that a trendster place like this would offer a 'downmarket' beer in a can for so 'little'.  Together with the giant photo of The Band circa 1968 on the wall, and some Grateful Dead (well, just Touch of Grey), I felt disarmed and happy, my skepticism toward the restaurant's buzz and scenesterish crowd mildly assuaged... then the beer came- somebody shrank it! or I failed to read that it came in one of those 8 oz mini cans designed for kids' snack packs or something sinister and useless like that.  (I would have been a fan for life if they sold Foster's oil cans for 4.25 like they do on the LIRR platform at Penn St.  I'll keep dreamin...) Ok, Manhattan reality check, lets move on to the show... fortunately we were seated soon after i finished the minibeer in four sips, and we got prime seats at the bar so we could watch our dear chefs whip up their magic hum-bao, and it made those pork buns all the more sumptuous.  Yes, the buns, they've been praised to death, but they're for real.  We actually were dying for good noodles, so Bibim Gooksu for me, momofuku ramen for my girlfriend.  Both were decent, nothing to gush about, and we actually switched bowls halfway through and we preferred the second choice.  All in all, after adding in a few more Orion's and glasses of wine, it was a fairly steep bill for two, but, this is Manhattan, this is a destination spot, and we were treated to a rockin soundtrack (Van Halen's 1984 no less!  Even the head chef raised his devil-horned fists in approval and uttered a laudable 'f--k yeah.') So the good times atmosphere more than made up for any feelings of guilt for paying so much for noodles.
This place clearly does not need any more reviews so I'll keep this short. Other than Tokyo, it's the best ramen I've had so far.... And, you can't say you've been to Momofuku w/o getting the pork belly buns.   4 stars - I saw a humongous roach in the restroom.  I get it, we're in New York... these guys are all over the place.  I'm just glad it was after our meal.
Can you say overrated... Was excited to finally try this place. Get ready to wait in line because new yorkers apparently really love noodles and pork buns. The place was crowded and loud but with a lively and friendly vibe. I was there for the ramen and ordered the ginger scallion ramen. When it finally arrived (after a ridiculous wait) it seemed smaller than the other ramen bowls. There was very little broth (almost none) and not much veggies, just bits of scallion, a little bit of mushroom and pickled cucumbers. The noodles seemed so undercooked that I had to ask the waitress if it was actually cooked. And it was COLD. Cold undercooked noodles with little flavor. Ramen instant noodles taste better than this. DISAPPOINTED!!! (...in my best Kevin Sorbo as Hercules voice--youtube this vid to see how I feel about momofuko). I didn't care for it. Wanted to try the shiitake buns but meh. I wouldn't go back. Don't believe the hype.
I don't like their ramen, I love it. But my heart sank just a little when I realized there wasn't much selection. I quickly got over it. Rebound. The broth is eerily smokey and their noodles are the PERFECT texture. Extra additives are different from the norm and will dance on your palate. The poached egg didn't do me any justice (clearly, Ippudo is the egg of all eggs) but I'm not going to make a big deal out of it. You come to a ramen place to appreciate the noodles and the broth. Spot on. I think I enjoyed the broth because it didn't have that fatty coating that lines the top of your mouth. Tonkatsu will do that to you. Get there between 11:30am - 12:30pm on a weekend and you'll JUST beat the rush. Otherwise, be prepared to wait, for a long time. And it seems like you either love Chang's buns or Ippudo's. I, personally, can't stand Ippudo's. Chang's to me, is far superior. I love his buns.
I know what ramen noodle taste like so really did not have to wait 25 min to get a bowl of noodle. But everyone should eat at Momofuku if you are in New York. Its in the name. Who would not want to eat at Momofuku! I like to keep saying I at at Momfuku! We ordered Momofuku noodle. The broth was too salty and did not have the deep meaty taste. I had better ramen noodle soup elesewhere. Pork bun was fatty, meaty and tasty, especially after long wait. We also had soju drink with peach ice thing. It was refreshing, enough to get you laugh silly. Cool thing to see was two kids sitting on the floor and doing their homework, while wait to be called. Our future yelpers!
I went to Momofuku today based on my friends' recommendation and Yelp reviews. Honestly, I was not impressed by it. I sat at the bar and ordered the pork buns and the miso ramen. When I was waiting for my food, the chef splashed vinegar on my face by accident. He did say sorry but it was a lot of vinegar for the face and it got on my shirt too so I wasn't too happy. The pork buns were good but nothing to die for. I think my mom makes better pork...The miso ramen was pretty disappointing. The noodle was very weird, it seemed like they put pasta in there instead. It seems like the restaurant's trying to be creative since it's technically Asian fusion. Despite the weirdness factor, the noodle didn't tasted good. I do like my noodles al dente...but their noodles were a little grainy. The soup was also not very spectacular. I could taste the miso but not the rich and flavorful broth I would like to get..... Overall, I've had much better ramen in Japan and Southern California and really don't understand why this place is so popular
The pork buns = perfection (and this is coming from someone who normally avoids pork). Reminds me of Peking duck that comes in a similar bun. The Ramen, as with all fancy Japanese Ramen, was too salty. Salty and bland. I think the supermarket Ramen I make at home tastes better. Definitely come try the pork buns! Also, this place is ALWAYS packed, summer or winter, so be prepared to wait. You might have to share a table if you're coming with a group.
Every time I search 'Ippudo', some how, the Internet traffic lords bring me to 'momofuko'. And because I've heard good things about Momofuko, I decided to give it a shot. Compared to some other ramen restaurants in the area, the wait wasn't so bad. After a 30 minute wait, we got two stools at the noodle bar. Such a small detail but having hooks for bags gives this place a check plus from me! Now, the food. I was completely surprised. I came in with a pork bun craving and my cousin with a ramen craving. I will tell you - the shiitake mushroom buns and the buttered corn dish truly stole the ramens show. Is it a sin to say I will only go back to this noodle bar for their appetizers rather than their superstar ramen? Don't get me wrong, the ramen was good but didn't really live up to the hype ... At all. The quantity was good though. We probably should have shared the one noodle bowl rather than having one each but it was easy enough to have the remaining doggie bagged. Overall, a good meal after a sweaty yoga class. But the downer, as it is with a lot of restaurants nowadays, was the waiter who assumed the change on my bill was tip. Instead of giving us our change plus the change for the extra $20 we asked him to break, all we got was one $5, five $1's and a $10. Rude. That'll cost this place one whole star.
SUPER disappointment. When i heard that people were stuck between Momofuku and  Ippudo, and which is the best ramen, i HAD to try them both out. First i had Ippudo and it was amazing. Then i went to Momofuku and it was BALLS!!!!!! My main problem, well aside from the bland taste of their ramen, was the service. The host was a jerk and the waiter was lame. I seriously can't believed i paid for it. Cup o' Noodles tastes better. I dont see how people even compared this to Ippudo. WORST RAMEN EVER!!!
I'm not usually a ramen fan but this place has the the best Ramn ever. Had the modernist interpretation on the pork buns which were ok. 5 stars overall as evidenced by the 20 person line out the door before it opened
Ironically the worst dish of the night was their signature Ramen.  I find it blend and lacking depth.  At a price tag of $16, I was expecting more.  The saving grace was the appetizers... I got the pork bun and chicken wings.  The pork buns are good (imagine Peking Duck substituted by kakuni) and the chicken wings tasty.  Not spectacular, but tasty enough.  Don't think I will go back unless I am in the neighborhood.
Really nice spot very clean but really tight seating. I love the fact that you can sit at the bar and actually watch your food being prepared similar to how hibachi is done. The chicken wings here are a must have and next time I go I will just get those. The downside to this place is that it's very small with some seating arrangements similar to cafeteria style which will have you bumping elbows with complete strangers and can feel very uncomfortable having the waiting customers standing relatively close to you while you eat. This place stays packed so prepare to wait at least 20-30 minutes before being seated. If you are looking for a more intimate setting I'm hearing there other location which was a few blocks away would be more fitting also more pricey.
If it weren't for the crazy lines seemingly at all times of the day, I'd give this place five-stars. The pork buns are amazing - even better than the ones at Ippudo - and their daily specials are a nice touch (not that the regular ramen dishes are any less tasty). Would definitely go back much more frequently if only they could reduce that wait time.
This place needs no introduction and definitely doesn't need another slobbering review.  I'll keep this fairly brief and to the point. Yes, crazy busy.  Go late if you don't want to wait too long.  (and by late, i mean say an hour or an hour and a half before closing).   You are gonna share tables and sit elbow to elbow with slurping strangers, dont be too upset if a drop happens to splash your way.   Mushroom buns - would almost rate them better than the pork buns (and my friend did declare it so) were the pork not the juiciest, melt in your mouth-iest, yummiest slice of fatty porky goodness I've ever had. At risk of raising the ire of many a foodie and that rascal of a chef, Mr. Chang - I will say this though.  The ramen broth is far too salty.   Luckily, Milk bar is around the corner to get something sweet cold and creamy to counter the saltiness.
Tired from traveling, I decided to try out noodle bar instead of cooking on a Monday night. Have been to the other momofuku restaurants, I wanted to try the one that started it all Food was excellent, however, I felt it left me wanting more. The momofuku ramen was delicious, but wasn't the best ramen I have ever had.  Maybe the other momofuku restaurants have spoiled me...  Don't get me wrong, I'm not criticizing the food at all, just compared to the others, it wasn't the same.   The service was exceptional, everyone was friendly and attentive.
My cousin found this cute little noodle bar. The place was packed when we went, but the turnover rate was fast. I love the interior. It has a minimalist, modern feel to it. For our appetizer, we had chicken steamed buns. The noodles were good, but I could not finish it. For dessert, we shared the twist. It was a nice experience, but I am not sure if I would go back for just ramen noodles.
Omg the sesame ginger noodle bowl is the absolute best! That and the creamicle smoothie is a must have too.
Only reason for the 3 stars instead of 2 is because the pork buns are delicioussss.  The noodles are ehh.  I've truly had better.  Do not get the smoked brisket noodle bowl...-_-
Pork buns are very good here, but you can also get them at Milk Bar next Ssam bar.  The ramen isn't that good here (salty) and the seating is too compact.  The pork is too dry and doesn't compare to Minca's pork and broth.  However, I do like the egg at Momofuku better than the traditional soy sauce hard boiled egg.
The spicy miso is awesome! I loved this place. I'll go back next time I'm in NYC.
I don't understand the hype for this place.  My bf and I came on a busy night and had to wait about 45 minutes for a table.  We both ordered the ramen and the pork belly buns.  The buns were average but overpriced.  The ramen's broth was bland and there was not enough broth.  Maybe I came on a bad day?
Great spot! Definitely worth checking it out - not sure I agree with the hype or the wait, but it is good.
I've had great things about all the Momofuku chains, so maybe I walked in expecting greatness from this place. Turns out, it was just  over priced Asian food. Don't get me wrong, the food was tasty, but definitely not worth the hype or the price. Pork buns: these were supposed to be one of the best items on the menu. To me, they tasted a bit bland with way too much meat. Fatty crab has much better ones. Duck Sausage Rice Cakes: this was probably my favorite thing on the menu... although a tad over seasoned due to both the sauce & the sausage being pretty salty. Octopus: these were good, but just okay good Spicy Cold Noodles: way too greasy! I couldn't eat more than a couple of bites because they seemed to be drenched in oil. Ramen: This was decent. They give a ton of pork. But the taste was average, and definitely not worth the price tag. Wine: I couldn't believe they charged us $10-$14 bucks for what seemed like HALF glasses of wine. Stick with beer - it's not worth it. Ambiance was what I'd expected from a noodle bar. The restaurant was filled with long bars and communal tables. The food came out quickly and service was great. Would I return? Probably only to try the fried chicken dinner.
My Ten Mistakes at Momofuku Noodle First mistake: Staying at an asian food place filled with non-asians. Second mistake: Staying at an asian food place that has 99% non-asians working/cooking. Third mistake: Staying at a asian food place that serves german beer with noodles. Fourth mistake: Staying while a skinny white guy continuously shouts KimChi to the chefs while expediting orders. Fifth mistake: Not looking at how much everything costs when ordering. Sixth mistake: Believing the hype on their pork buns. Seventh mistake: Sitting at the bar and seeing how bitchy the head chef is. Eight mistake: Ordering $16 Ramen. Ninth mistake: Bringing picky foodies from Cali here. Tenth mistake: Drinking too much the night before. (This is why we went to eat Ramen)
I've been here already few times and food has always been consistently good. Pork buns are highly recommended, and so is the momofuku ramen. I've also tried the shrimp buns, ginger scallion noodles,  brussels sprouts, and BBQ pork tails., and although everything tastes pretty good, the pork buns and the momofuku ramen are my favorites.
I was here in August 2008 per a recommendation by a coworker.  Never heard of the chef or the restaurant, but we love noodles, so it was a must try.  Since we were in NYC and I like to explore, why not. So we trek down to Momofuku, a nondescript restaurant in the East Village. We sat at the counter since the restaurant was full but wasn't crowded.  We order our momo ramen noodle, I know the ingredients were high quality, but $16.00 for a bowl of noodle, don't think so, plus it was a little salty for me, but I love the poach egg in the soup.  The pork was yummy, we should have tried the famous pork buns, but we were just not that hungry.  Plus it was hot outside...remember August! The service is good, place is small but not too noisy.   We had ramen soup noodle (did I mentioned we love noodle) the night before at a small Japanese restaurant near our hotel and that was excellent.   I may go back to try the pork bun if I'm ever in the area again, but not for the overpriced ramen soup noodle.
This place was quite delicious!! It gets busy pretty quick. We arrived just a little before 6pm and there was a crowd waiting just inside the door around 6:30. We had the Momofuku Ramen, Pork Bun, and Shrimp Bun. The ramen is quite classic, all around delicious. The buns have some classic ingredients but added some non-traditional ones as well. The pork bun did have hoisen sauce and scallions, but they added cucumber slices, which was a nice touch. The shrimp buns had the spicy mayo. Mmmm, spicy mayo! Oh so good! Definitely would return, but arrive on the early side!
Oh blessed Momofuku, how we adore thee. Despite the lines, I will always relish the opportunity to eat some Momofuku noodles or saam (and hopefully someday, some Ko!).  Is there a line?  It's worth the wait.  This place is not cheap, but the ramen. Oh the ramen. The ramen has three types of pork and a poached egg on top. But oh the pork. The best way to describe David Chang's pork is melty. It is so deliciously tender and soft, it just melts in your mouth. I will gladly shell out the money just to have that pork in my mouth. As such, the pork buns are the best I've had.  Perfectly balanced - the fatty pork, the cucumber, the right amount of sweet hoisin (am I drooling?).  Even in the summer, I crave Momofuku.  Spend the extra $ and give your mouth a present.
Stopped in here for a quick lunch, and totally dug it.  It's a no-nonsense, what you see is what you get, clean cut noodle bar.  Had an awesome bowl of noodles that included a tasty egg, and some great fish cake. The place wins extra points for being ultra clean (both in design and non-filth), and for being just about as easy as it gets for a quick, tasty, healthy lunch.
I occasionally go to New York fo business and always look forward to at least one amazing meal.  Momofuku did not disappoint.  I started with the infamous pork buns which absolutely lived up to expectations.  The Momofuku Ramen was salty and delicious with perfectly cooked noodles.  It was a bit pricey compared to the less trendy, traditional spots but you have to try this place if you are in the neighborhood.
went for lunch last week while i waws in the city.  since david chang is such a superstar now, we had to try a momofuku spot or 2  (and we went to milk bar as well) waited outside with 15 others eagerly for the place to open for business.  the space is very minimalistic and cool,  works for a big city.  hostess forgot how to smile for some reason,  such a sourpuss!!!!  ordered a soy sauce egg, not soo flavorful steamed chicken buns,  very creative but poorly executed.  there was no flavor at all,  the rich fat from the crisp chicken skin over powered the entire dish, needed to be smaller peice to act as a componenet not the centerpeice.  the chicken itself, was dry and completely void of flavor, as were the cucumber pickles at the bottom.  great idea, just needs someone standing over the hasher cook that made that and kick his ass for not doing it properly!!!! the momofuku ramen,  ehhhhhh ginger-scallion noodles ehhh over all nothing special
Not sure what all the rave is about for these Momofuku chains but this being my very first Momofuku restaurant that I tried last night, I was pretty disappointed. My friend and I arrived last night for dinner around 8pm and were told that we would have to wait about 15-25 minutes. Okay, not bad. We ended up being seated after about 10-15 minutes which was nice but we were seated at the bar without given the option of a table. We took it anyway since we knew we would have to wait longer for a table and we were hungry. We ordered pork buns to share and I ordered the Momofuku Ramen and my friend ordered the Ginger Scallion Noodles. The pork buns come out in twos so we each had one. Each had two slices of thick cut pork belly inside which was excellent and delicious but nothing out of this world. The Momofuku Ramen was again nothing out of this world as well. It was a $16 ramen bowl and I felt like I could make better packaged ramen at home. No one should have to pay $16 for ramen ever. Hell, give me the $16 and I'll make you better ramen. My friend seemed to enjoy her noodle bowl but barely finished it so that can't be a good thing either. Overall, this place is overrated and hyped up to be something it's not. People come for the name and as long as the name's still around I'm sure this place will do well but for me, now that I've been to the name, I wouldn't come back to stay.
yum yum yum yum yum yum. First visit to Momofuku Noodle Bar was with a group of 8 for the fried chicken dinner.  If you are thinking about doing this, stop thinking and make a reservation already.  It takes a while to get a reservation sometimes ( we ate at 10:00 pm ) but totally worth it.   We started off with a round of drinks which we ordered while waiting for our table (we were standing by the host's station at the time).  A few friends indulged in a boozey orange sherbet drink which tasted like the dreamsicle days of my childhood. It also helped balance the very savory and heavy nature of of our dinner.  My boyfriend said he couldn't detect any alcohol in the drink, mixed well? Next came the infamous pork belly bahn mi. Soft, pillowy steamed bun filled with roasted pork belly (which is always a little bit of fatty cut of pork for me) lightly pickled cucumbers (sugar and salt) and scallions topped with a delicious sauce.  Needless to say they were savored and then devoured, both in seconds. Next came a gigantic platter of fried chicken (1 chicken triple-fried Korean, and one Southern fried) a bowl of greens including radishes, bibb lettuce, mini carrots, herbs - mint and basil  (?),  mooshu pancakes and 4 sauces.  Felt like we were eating for days. The Korean chicken was the winner at our table.  And at one time I think I even growled at a friend when they reached for the last piece, it was that good. Momofuku, you will see me again for sure!
This past weekend I checked off another David Chang establishment on my list. ::meaningless words:: pork buns, ginger scallion noodles :: meaningless words:: She's borderline vegetarian, and she goes apesh!t for the pork buns. We ordered other items, but neither were noteworthy.
We had to try the Pork Buns since I always hear about how amazing they are, and we also went for the Shrimp Buns. The pork buns definitely lived up to the hype, the pork was tender and fatty and just melted in your mouth and coupled perfectly with the sweet hoisin sauce and crunchy cucumber in the pillowy bun. To read the rest of my review, check out my blog - City Lights and Tasty Bites citylightsandtastybites.…
hmm...what can I say...it's all about first impressions, right? The pros... The pork, chicken and mushroom buns were fantastic!  I would go back JUST for these...they really were wonderful!  A party in your mouth =) just ok... the ramen...I admit it was tasty...I wasn't thrilled by the poached egg in it, but I agree with a few previous posts that it was SALTY!  Whoa...I drank about 4 glasses of water while I was eating it.  so...if you don't have HBP and you don't mind salty, it was pretty good. The frozen yogurt/ice cream...wasn't sure which it was...I had the rhubarb/shortbread twist...eh...I could have left it. the CONS: the seating...it was cafeteria style...it was TIGHT and packed at 6:30pm on a Friday evening...and everytime the waitness came by to see us or anyone else else at the adjacent tables...she hit me....about 20 times in 1 hour.  It was very uncomfortable... If I go back, I think I'll sit at the bar (if there's room) and order the buns!
Like a noisy bird cage!!!! People nearby like just talk to you! Sooooooo noisy! Waiting for a long time, no appetite to eat anything! The noodle is just the normal fried ramen noodle. Soup is very simple, nothing special! Will never come back
talk about underwhelming. i've never been to any of david chang's restaurants and last night my friend asked if i'd like to check out noodle bar for dinner. i agreed. i arrived at 7:30pm on monday night and it was pretty bustling (but only a 5 minute wait. however when we were leaving around 8:45pm there was a large crowd waiting for tables, so come early!). after a quick scan through the menu, we decided to go with an order of the brisket buns, pork buns, and two bowls of momofuku ramen. brisket buns: too much mayo and the brisket was really dry although it packed pretty good flavor. overall i'd say a 2.5/5 pork buns: these are GREAT tastewise (then again, i think anything with hoisin sauce can taste amazing) but texturally it was lacking. the softness of the buns (which were like edible pillows) with the tenderness of the pork just equalled mush in my mouth. the two thin slivers of cucumber were not enough to add enough crunch. additoinally, the pork belly pieces were extremely fatty and oily. it wasn't hard to stomach since i only had one, but i think if i were to have two, i might be retching from fat overload. however, i'll rate this in terms of taste so it's a 4/5 momofuku ramen: this was the killer (and not in a good way). it's a noodle bar and their namesake ramen noodle fell short in so many was. first, what the heck is that broth? it has a tiny hint of burnt taste and it's also really bitter (maybe too much of that cabbage in there). the nori was a nice addition presentation-wise, but the large shape makes it a bit difficult to eat. poached egg was perfectly cooked as were the chewy noodles. pulled pork and pork belly were really oily. overall the flavor combinations just didn't add up for me and everything was jarring in my mouth. i left about 75% of the bowl untouched. the crowd: dude, am i in a nightclub? i could barely hear my dinner companion, who was literally two feet in front of me. this place needs to chill a little on the volume. also, it is CRAMPED. i think i kneed three people in the a$$ trying to get out of my seat after paying my bill. and since the servers are all wearing ordinary clothing, it's a little hard to tell whom to make eye contact with when trying to get your order taken. honestly if someone were to ask me to come back, i would (only to eat another pork bun) but i'd steer clear of the ramen. you'll have a much better night at ippudo.
I really liked this place, i would give it a 4.5 but since i see a lot of hate for it i will bump it up to a 5. I have eaten at a few different Ramen spots and this one was the best. I had the Momofuku Ramen and it was perfect. The broth was tasty as was the pork. At first it seemed as though the portion was a tad small, but it was very filling. I also had the pork buns and those things are serious! Great stuff.
Over-hyped! Why are people waiting  for this crap??? I was served $14 MUSHY noodles!  Are you kidding me? I complained and nothing happened. Broth was not memorable. RIPOFF! Pork buns were only ok. For same price I could get full plate of potk belly for price I paid for two slivers.  Come on David! Pork belly is only $3.49 a pound in a supermarket so what are you paying - $3.00 at the most? Two slivers? Really? ???? This is a place for tourists and for folks never exposed to authentic Korean, Japanese or Chinese  cuisine.  They do it sooooooo much better than Chang but they don't have a good publicist like Chang obviously does.  If you want good food go there,  not here. I wish I could give this zero stars.
Very pricy. Not totally sure if it's justified. Yes the pork buns are good but there are a lot of good bun places in the city. Momo does everything well so it's a safe play but pricy.
David Chang's supposedly amazing ramen was not so. Ramen has gained a huge following and really blown up in the past couple of years. While ramen itself has been around for a long time, ramen restaurants have also been doing well. However it was David Chang and Momofuku that really made a name for themselves and in a sense started a trend. Yet this much anticipated, almost phenomena did not live up to all the hype. So what happened? Let's address one thing, Momofuku wasn't bad it just wasn't anything special. Like I said it did not live up to the hype and it could've simply been a bad day or a new employee but the ramen I experienced was nothing of what I had heard of. Of course everything else was pretty good. So as far as what I liked, it was a ramen house, there's no doubting that. Most ramen restaurants have a fairly open and elongated kitchen with many pots of steaming broth, which is wonderful to watch all the inner workings of the kitchen as one dines. The combination of Japanese and modern New York styling also works well. Now before I talk about the ramen the pork belly buns were amazing. The buns were stemmed so that that were proportionally soft and chewy, the pork was tender with simple yet flavorful seasoning and just slightly crisped and the addition of a few scallions and cucumber and sriracha should one prefer spice everything came together perfectly. Unfortunately the ramen was not so. I ordered the spicy miso ramen. Although I was excited based off of all the raving and supposed enjoyment as what I was seeing in the restaurant things fell flat. First of all the ramen was just barley warm almost on the verge of luke warm.  While the noodles, were cooked decently the broth was so lacking that the other components suffered. Although there was some spice to it, it wasn't enough to make a significant difference without being overpowering. Honestly not only have I had better packaged ramen but I could make better ramen myself.         Despite all the attention Momofuku has received the ramen was lackluster. The pork belly though was well worth it. Whether all this reception is some kind of misconception or they just had a bad day, with so many other ramen houses and restaurants in general, there are definitely options.
Surprisingly the wait wasn't too long. I heard about this chain from another fellow yelper so I thought I would try the noodle house....eh was ok....the other one I stumbled upon was better. The wait was not too bad only 20 min. Got more crowed after my friend and I came at around 9pm. Spicy miso ramen- The flavor was O-K, did the job during a cold winter night (better than the spicy ramen at ippudo, but still not the best ive had) Pork buns - Better than the ramen! This was the second momofuku place I have had the pork buns and I have to say pretty damn good!! Overall: it does the job on a cold winter day but I would only come for the pork buns.
A-OK indeed.  Sorry David Chang, but I really expected to be blown away.  My friends spoke of ramen highly.  Don't get me wrong, Momofuku is not terrible.  In fact it's just different but it's not the different I'm looking for. I ordered their signature Momofuku ramen and I was 50/50 on it.  After purchasing Mr. Chang's first food publication "Lucky Peach", I felt like I had to be extra critical on the ramen. As expected the noodles were very good.  Chewy and a slight yellow tint, no complains there.  The egg was very different, poached style and it's the whole egg.  Little bit of egg white and the yolk was creamy and yet you can still tell it was cooked...perfect!  The broth is what I'm not a fan of.  Apparently they changed the broth and they've reduced some ingredients while "adding more flavor"...ok.  The broth also had a smokey flavor I'm not a huge fan of.  What's ramen without chashu?  The skin was soft and tasty and the fat just melted in my mouth.  The meat part of the pork was a little too stringy, maybe overcooked a tad?  Best chashu I've ever had is still Minca in Alphabet City. I know Momofuku offers other unique dishes and my review seems to be based on ramen but hey, I like to criticize what I know :). Regardless of how the ramen tasted, I still ate everything and slurped down all the soup.  It's my way of saying "Thanks Chang" and I admire how he innovates...for better or worse. Oh, bathroom so clean!
Fan of: -pork steamed buns (reminds me of those duck wraps they serve at chinese banquets) -roasted rice cakes (it was fried and yummy) Unimpressed with: -ramen  (so disappointing)
I shared the pork belly ramen & pork buns here. It was delicious, but the ramen needed more broth. Despite the need for more liquid, I have been coveting that bowl of ramen ever since I went a few weeks ago. The pork belly was a couple small bites of fatty goodness. it literally melted in your mouth. The ramen was perfectly chewy and the broth was rich. However, I wish this place were a better value. Maybe more than just two pork buns for that price? ($6 if I recall) Remember, pork buns are considered Street Food in Asia... And Ramen is not a gourmet food either. I give this place points for execution, but there is plenty of tasty food in NYC that is a better value.
Not sure what all the fuss is about. Went at 8pm with four in our party and expected a wait. It's nice that you can have a beverage standing in line and the hosts/traffic managers do a good job with the crowd but not sure the food was really worth the hype or the expense of decent bottle of sake we finished while waiting to be seated. I just returned from a trip to China so maybe my taste buds were spoiled by amazing flavors for cheap but even the noodle soup I ate for breakfast at the hotel had a lot more complexity than the house ramen bowl here. I expected to be blown away and I wasn't, unfortunately. The best dish was a duck sausage and rice cakes special. The brussels sprouts were very good and most of us enjoyed the cauliflower but the pork buns didn't hit their mark and I almost think there was too much pork and not enough nuanced flavor in the sauce. Our dining companions were foodies from California and it was sad to see their disappointment after such high expectations. It was another one of those meals where you have to listen to how much better food is on the West Coast (only this time they were right!). Maybe it was an off night for the kitchen but judging from some of the other comments it might just be good enough for a lot of people. I really wanted to like it because I love Momofuku Ssam Bar but such is life.
PORK BUNS are where it is AT! I dropped by Momofukus for an amuse-bouche before lunch.  My friend and I had an order of the Pork Buns.  With the combination of the cooked pork belly and bun with good seasonings was amazing.  Bomb dot COM stamp it is! Next time I will return to try some more items on the menu.
David Chang does an oustanding job at serving tasty, meaty ramen at this little shop in East Village. I found a seat at 2pm on a weekday with no problem. I sat down and wanted to try everything. I had the Momofuku Ramen and it came out with huge chunks of well-seasoned, fall-off-the-bone pork. It gave a good portion size and don't forget to ask for Kimchi! I'm not Korean but it does add some spiciness to the dish.  The broth was rich, complex, and full of meaty flavor. The noodles were perfectly cooked and slurping-worthy.  Overall a fantastic spot for Ramen in NYC.
Delicious little meals, surprisingly cheap for Manhattan. Not a place to stay long, more for a quick meal.
Don't like that there's usually a wait but I love their menu and love the food. The pork buns are delish and their kimchi stew is even better. But booooo to not having it on their menu all the time! Last time I went specifically to order the kimchi stew but it was "not on their menu" that day. I haven't gone back since because its too much of a hassle for me to call in advance, see if they have what food I want and then decide to go.
When I first came here back in 2011, I wasn't very ramen smart. I felt the best ramen in the city was at Ippudo, and everything else was judged off of that. However, as I've been using the colder weather of fall as an excuse to revisit some old ramen joints, as well as try some new ones, I decided to give Momofuku Noodle Bar another try on Friday afternoon. Ok, so why revisit some older ramen joints that I've already eaten at? Well, some of them I ate at a few years ago and don't remember so well, but the other reason is that the more ramen I eat, the more I see how ramen varies. Pork broth, chicken broth, pork/chicken mix, miso broth, seafood broth, etc. And then we come to Momofuku's broth, which is created using bacon, chicken legs and pork neck bones, among other things. David Chang has admitted is his own creation and would probably get him thrown out of Tokyo. Anyways, getting down to business, I stopped in here this past Friday for lunch, around 3pm. Despite it being 3pm, the place was packed and I had to wait around 15 minutes or so, before finally being seated at the counter. It was at least five or ten minutes before my order was taken, but the servers were very friendly. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen, which on the menu, simply specifies pork shoulder, pork belly and a poached egg. The ramen itself is served pretty quickly, I'd say within ten minutes. The first thing I tried was the broth and yes, it definitely has that smoky flavor from the bacon and ham hocks. All in all, the broth is very rich and flavorful, but isn't overly heavy or salty. As for the other parts of the ramen, the noodles were cooked perfectly. Even by the time I got to the last of my noodles, they weren't mushy in the least. The pork belly was buttery and melted in my mouth when I ate it, while the pork shoulder was well braised and tender. The kale really mixed well with the ramen as retained its own distinct flavor whilst among so many other ingredients. The scallions contributed some nice flavor as well. My only real complaint about this ramen was that the poached egg was cold, which was a bit mistifying, given that it was sitting in warm ramen broth. At the end, as I picked up my bowl to drink the rest of the broth, I could really smell the richness and subtleties of all the flavors used to create the broth and ramen. Aside from the Momofuku Ramen, I would highly recommend the Pork Buns. They are delicious! They also have a lot more pork belly per bun than what is served at Ippudo. Getting my check and paying was a quick process and certainly went a lot faster than when I was waiting to order. By the time I left, which was around 4, the crowd was starting to clear out a bit. I would definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for some good ramen. Don't go in expecting the rich blast of collagen pork that you get elsewhere. If you can go in with an open mind, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Definitely not good ramen. Very salty broth, hard noodles, tasteless meat toppings. I told the waitress my noodle was undercooked, which it was because my friend's same order tasted softer. She told me that's the way it's supposed to be. Well then...I guess this way was not working for me. Pork bun is as good as always. And who designed their interior? I mean it's cool, but totally dysfunctional.
No, Wrong. Speaking of Hype, this place really speaks by itself. I mean, over,overpriced. Ippudo isn't cheap either, but at least they serve much better ramen with reasonable price!
Cool interior, it's an old design with trendy furniture. So it's very easy to converse with your neighbors and vice versa. Food was typical Kimchee ramen for me, pork ramen for hippo sweetbreads and octopus salad all....ok yeah...it's eh...
Really important thing:  If you're hungry, do not go for the prix fixe menu.  Portions are soooo incredible small that you only come out hungrier than before.  along with the fact that it cost a fortune for the whole meal. however, their prix fixe menu constantly changes so it provides a good variety to their normal menu. We didn't have to wait for a seat.  We got there at 7pm and was automatically granted a table of four.  However, around 8pm, the crowds get pretty heavy and the wait time increases. Mushroom buns:  My friends had it and absolutely loved it.  They chose this because one of them was vegetarian. Ginger and Scallion noodle:  I got this and felt it was pretty good.  The texture was very chewy, as if the noodles was freshly made and hand-pulled.  However, I didn't get much of a ginger flavor to the noodles which is probably a good thing on my behalf since I'm not a big fan of ginger.   Kimchi noodles:  My friend had this and allowed me to try it and I thought it was not impressive and not worth the money.  It was just a bowl of thin noodles with kimchi sauce.  The dish was not even spicy.   I discovered that their menu stays pretty consistent except that the Korean dishes change often.   Dessert:  Try the rhubarb soft serve.  I find it pretty impressive due to the sweet and savory (more savory than sweet) taste of the soft serve.  Plus it was pretty different and definitely worth the try.
The pork buns are simply insane, best I've ever had, but the Chilled Noodles with the sausage is awesome too, but they are SPICY HOT. Good with beer. Second time there, will be back.
I don't even know where to begin. Everything we ate was very good. The only thing we didn't love was the shrimp bun. The pork bun lived up to the hype. Also very very good was the brisket and also the mushroom buns. I actually think the mushroom may be my favorite. We each had the momofuku ramen, very, very good. The drinks were great too. There was a line of course. I think we waited 40 minutes maybe a little less. I am so happy I finally got to go too bad it ruined ramen for me at other places.
Soju slushees, ramen, corn and potatoes and pork buns.  Simple.  Fast.  And sort of perfect.  My friend and I were stuffed and I still could not stop eating the corn.  Simply heavenly.  And if I could have pork buns every day for lunch, I would die happy.
The wait was long and the hostess was bitchy, BUT the pork buns are amazing! Ginger scallion noodles, vegetable ramen and pork loin were average.
I'm going to tie this experience with Ippudo, but they are very different. We came to Momofuku after 10pm on Friday night and I think we hit the jackpot on our timing because there was almost no wait. And we were seated at the kitchen counter which was an awesome way to experience a restaurant. In comparison to Ippudo, I thought the pork buns and chicken wings at Momofuku were superior. I could have made a meal out of both and the portions were generous. For ramen, I think I prefer Ippudo. We ordered both the Momofuku ramen and the ginger scallion noodle. Ps, we had way too much food and wanted to roll ourselves out when we were done. The ginger scallion flavor was overwhelming and very fragrant. While delicious, I could not have eaten an entire bowl myself. But going back and forth between the two dishes made the ramen flavor seem muted. My dining companion however would like me to add that he thinks this dish was "the bomb." We'll be back.
Quite honestly, if could give this place zero star, I would. Since it was a recommendation by friends, I decided to try it out on our first night in NY last week. And damn.. I hated everything about it. We got there around 7 on a Thursday night and as I expected, the line was long. I worked my way up to the front to get our names on the waiting list. The server pretty much ignored me for the first few minutes, even though she wasn't really doing anything and I was asking for assistance. Perhaps this is the NY way of doing things, but coming from Cali, I was pretty ticked off. Strike #1 We were told that the wait would only be around 10 minutes for a table of 3. That's not too bad, we thought. But nope! 30 minutes passed by and still we didn't hear our names called. One of my girlfriends checked in with the same server, and guess what, she ignored her too. After a while, she said, "oh yea, let me check in on that." She didn't even try. Strike #2 Standing for a while, we noticed how other people in front of us were let in first, so we decided to ask the server one more time nicely. She said just a few minutes. That turned into another 20 minutes. We weren't seated until at least 45 minute wait. Strike #3. Perhaps it was the long and frustrating wait that got us all annoyed, but the food was quite mediocre. When the soup came out, it wasn't even hot, just luke warm. WTF!?!? The broth was salty and full of MSG. We pretty much just paid to wait in line and ate sh*tty food. Strike #4. This place is sh*t, not THE sh*t, just sh*t. 'Nuff said.
No: I don't want to wait 21 hours to get into your Noodle Bar (arrived the night before with a group that did not want to wait 2 hours to eat and returned the next day only to miss the lunch service, but got in for dinner) No: I don't want to eat on a cramped picnic table next to a 43 year old man on a date with his mom and get trapped into a conversation about her son's trouble finding a woman.   No: I don't want to feel like I'm rushed to eat my food because staff is moving around too quickly (yes, I just complained about fast service) and there is a hoard of people waiting to be seated and they look as hungry as I did 4 hours ago. Yes: I did enjoy the food, but it was like going to law school -- nice degree, but never going through that again.
The pork bun was one of the best that I've had, but it is biased somewhat because it was 33-50% fat. However, the Momofuku Ramen was bland, unimaginative, and bitter. That's right, bitter. Eating with my friend, I noticed that the pork was really dry. And I think that he guess it right - they overcooked and burnt the pork, and when they put it in the soup base, the bitterness from the burnt pork seeped into the soup. For $16, that wasn't what I was expecting. Ippudo is the same price, and not only consistent, but better. I probably won't go here again, unless it was just for the $9-for-two pork buns.
There is much to like at this restaurant. Went three times in the course of a week of business in New York. Had the Ginger Scallion Noodles each time. Absolutely wonderful. Full of flavors and not too salty as others have mentioned here. I also had the mushroom buns, which were also extremely flavorful and tasty. I must admit that I was tempted by the many porkish offerings found on the menu, and the chicken dinner looks like a real blast, with all the veggies and the two ways chicken fried up all crispy-like. Alas, I'm sticking to my vegan/vegetarian ways, and at this restaurant, it is not difficult to do at all. The in-house pickled veggies were a hit, too, as are the spicy/salty snack chips. Also, don't miss the dark and stormy frozen cocktail. I know it's easy to dismiss such a drink as some Big Easy/Mardi Gras/Lost Weekend in Las Vegas, mostly sweet and overly boozy. Not so this delight. It was perfectly balanced in spiky ginger with just the right amount of rum to get a nice buzz going. Order two and keep 'em coming. Highly recommended.
Went here on a Saturday for dinner and we were 45 min. early and they were closed, so we came back half hour later and there was at least 20 people waiting in line already! Fiancee got the prix-fixe dinner menu and I ordered the momofuku ramen and smoked chicken wings for appetizer. I honestly don't remember what was included with the prix-fixe menu that day... I think there was monk fish' cheeks, a type of salad, and of course the soft serve (lime). I love how their menu keeps on changing... makes me want to visit them every so often! The ramen is good, but I've had better, so there goes the last star. The service was great! I love how everyone is just so chill and non-pretentious (like many at LA restaurants, haha).
With the countless reviews and notoriety that the Momofuku "franchise" has been getting, I was excited to finally make my way downtown to try the buns and ramen. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed that the buns were extremely overpriced and overrated. They were delicious, don't get me wrong, but I can get the same thing for 1/4 of the price in Flushing and not sacrifice taste. The ramen also tasted bitter which came as a surprise to me. I expected the saltiness as most tonkotsu ramens are like that, but bitterness was not something that I thought I had ordered. All in all, a disappointing trip but at least I can say that I tried it and will not be again.
Everyone has told me to try momofuku when in NYC. We went around 4pm and there was a 20 min wait. The restaurant was packed and the picnic style seating sits you up close and personal with your stranger neighbors but hey space is a commodity so you better just get cozy. The servers were efficient and polite. We ordered the pork bun and the momofuku ramen. The pork bun was delicious!  The meat was juicy and tender and just the right amount of flavoring. I could have eaten two more of these but alas a bun filled with fatty pork belly means I stop at one if I expect to only mildly exercise on a weekly basis. The main event the ramen. It came out about 10 min after the pork bun and it looked like any other bowl of ramen noodles until you taste it. The soup has a smokey salty taste. The noodles were just the right amount of firmness. Overall pretty good. I think the soup was a bit too salty but still yummy.
Took the red-eye from the left coast just to eat here. Not really, but having just eaten the pork buns, I happily would book another flight just to consume them again. Got two seats at the bar right away, tried the delicious soju icee, skipped the ramen which was a mistake (duh), but also enjoyed the garlic noodles. Had the chicken wings and the famous brussel sprouts (I had just seen David Chang make them with Martha on her show), which were both pretty good. Ate the pie crust and sweet potato soft serve, not that impressive, but overall just an amazing NYC dining experience.
Overpriced.
Not bad, but expenive.
Am I being weird for giving it two stars? Just not impressed at all. Wait at 6-630pm on a rainy Tuesday was fairly quick. After that, it's full. Normal level if friendliness for waitstaff. To cut to the chase... Pork buns and brisket buns were extremely juicy but I have had better at other restaurants (ie zutto) Momofuku ramen was too salty and no flavor stood out to me. I definitely had better and didn't even enjoy it that much. Not sure what the hype is about.
I would have rated this place five stars but sadly they  had a very rocky start with their sign which said their opening at twelve. We waited and finnally when it was twelve they made us wait for three minutes. On the positive side this place has amazing food. We ordered pork buns which were amazingly delicious. Then the big thing here we got the monofucko ramen which was very delicious. I have to say overall this is a very great establishment and I highly recommend this place
I think people write reviews about Momofuku based on their dissapointment after expecting a life changing experience from this extraordinarily hyped restaurant. Then they pretend like they are God's gift to food criticism, or just clueless and looking for something to complain about: Recent examples: "While the chewy, springy texture of the noodles stayed true to my memory, the broth was salty as the Dead Sea, and possessed a faint, off-putting urine undertone characteristic of stale bamboo." For real? and "I had the Ramen ($15 or so) which is the basic pork belly, topped with a poached egg. The meat was FATTY. Very little actual meat." FATTY? Was this the first time you tried pork belly? Pretty novice observation for a Yelp 'elite.' Anyway, on to the review: Everything is as delicious, as it is heavy.. Its definitely overpriced, but I'm sure they are really worried about it- given the fact that its full 90% the time.. which leads me to my only real criticism- is it possible to get a comfortable seat in this place? The service is generally pretty shite, also.. I LOVE THAT RAD PHOTO OF THE BAND!
I came here for dinner last night at around 9:30 p.m., and was seated instantly, at the noodle bar itself. I ordered the $30 prix fixe and added on the pork buns based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp (which, though I've had better, ended up being a great choice). The first two courses (of three) consisted of thinly-sliced duck breast in cranberry sauce and some pretty salty breaded skate (which might have just been the furikake seasoning). These were so-so. The third course, however, was menu-shattering: thinly-sliced hanger steak and ginger-scallion fried rice with a fried egg over the top. It was wonderful and carries the weight of the five stars all on its own. And it didn't hurt that dessert was candy cane soft serve (my favorite). I ended up talking to the two women next to me (who were, by their own admission, "eye-raping" my last course), and who recommended the Momofuku Noodle Bowl, which I am certainly getting the next chance I have to splurge a little on dinner. The best part is that by the end of it all, I was just perfectly full. What a great feeling. And since I was on my own (saying that I was "alone" sounds incredibly lame, probably because it *is*), the servers sent over some tiny complimentary dishes like an apple/molasses/peanut butter palette-warming concoction before the meal and an oatmeal cookie ball with dessert. All that said, this place seems like it is definitely a good option for decent-sized groups and feels overall like Wagamama except way more authentic and a lot tastier. Fantastic food, really quick service (I could barely ever drain my water glass to half-full before it was filled again), and the price is right. Will certainly return.
I swear, I've reviewed this place before but I guess Yelp! must've removed it. Ate here once with a friend and the experience was mediocre. The pork buns were frekken delish. Seriously. I'd come back just for these juicy little pork niblets in a ricey bun. So good. And I agree with many reviews here. Noodles definitely were heavy on the salt. I felt like my insides were just going to materialize from all the salt intake. It wasn't pleasant. Overall, I'd come back for the pork buns. That's it.
Over rated. It's not bad by any means, but noting to write home about. The service for a fast paced env't was good.  But the food was 'good'. Not worth the hour wait I had to endure.
The pig tails and pork buns are fantastic! The ramen is okay. The service was excellent and we had a lot of fun
Average...not worth the price. Dont know what the fuss is about. Anybody that knows real Asian food would not be impressed with this place. Just go to St Marks Place, Chinatown or Flushing Queens. Or just anywhere but here. Or better yet... go to Sunrise Market (Japanese market) on st marks and buy japanese groceries and cook at home!! (google recipes/ useful ingredients)
No wait time for me I got my table instantly delicious momo fuku ramen the popular one.... Love it the store has a hippy atmosphere better than alisen ramen hooked recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Will be back next time for sure
some of the best original spicy ramen i've had.
Holy god. If you have a chance to get the asparagus off the Summer menu- do it! One of the best dishes I have had in a long time. So delicious I actually made noise.
My friends really love this place so they took me for the first time a few weeks ago. The line was relatively long but since there were only three of us we were able to get a seat pretty quickly. The Food: I got the cold noodles (forgot what the name was) with mushrooms and it was alright. I've definitely had better noodles but then again it might have just been the dish I ordered. My other friend go the momofuku noodle dish but I didn't try hers The pork belly buns were really delicious and fatty and just pure gold. It came in twos and it was the perfect combination between savory and sweet
Went here on fourth a july. Now bear in mind that on this crazy hot day we were among the few who wanted some ramen. Place was fairly empty and we were seated right away at the bar (the first bar when you walk in). We placed our order - I got the spicy ramen miso soup with smoked chicken, poached egg, bok choy, and boyfie got the chilled spicy noodles (warning: THESE ARE SPICY!!!). While we waited we ordered some kimchi which was CHILLED! Came in this really cute jar and it tasted super fresh. Despite the spice, it was really nice to eat on a hot day. The bartenders were awesome! They kept refilling our water so my mouth was not on fire for TOO long. Food came pretty promptly! A few comments - miso ramen could do with more chicken. I mean seriously, they must have put in 1/4 of a breast which was a little disappointed since the chicken was SO tasty. The broth was a bit too salty for my liking and I felt bloated as hell after but still it was worth it. The spicy chilled noodles were super spicy! But I loved the caramelized cashews and the pork. Bottomline: service was solid, food IMO was a tad overpriced given the portion sizes of meat (meat to noodle ratio sucked) but I definitely want to go back here and try some of the buns and other snacks.
Everyone I've spoken to has the same response when I say: "I am a big fan of David Chang, and I want Momfouku noodle bar to be good.... but it's just not!" and they all say: "I know! Totally overrated and overpriced." I've read David Chang's cookbook (which is EXCELLENT), and I've been here about 5 times. Every time I'm underwhelmed. The pork seems to always be overcooked, the portions are way too small for the prices, and the noodle bowl just isn't that great. It's good, but it's not $16 good. The fact of the matter: Noodle bar was probably excellent at one time, especially when it was cheap. Now, it's always packed, the prices are up, and the consistency is off. Ssam Bar (across the street) might end up costing an extra $20 when all is said and done, but it is MUCH better (and they have Noodle Bar's pork buns). So, go to Ssam Bar, have an excellent meal, and if you must have noodles, go to China town! Plus stars: Service is good, the place is cool and trendy, the menu is creative and interesting. Minus Stars: Inconsistent flavors, not worth the $$.
The chilled spicy noodles dish was awesome, although a bit salty and really spicy so be prepared. I can usually handle heat pretty well but this kind of spice just builds up. I wish I had tried the pork steamed buns but I guess that gives me more reason to go back again soon. There's a fair amount of seating so the wait shouldn't be too bad, but if you show up a little bit before opening you should have no problem. Hours for dinner say they open at 5:30 but when we went it didn't start till 6:00PM.
I was excited to go to Momofuku after hearing so much about it from friends + the fact that it was literally around the corner from my friend's place. My friend and I went late at night and was surprised to find it not packed. We both ordered the ramen, which was the reason for me coming here, though the chicken wings looked good too. Ramen was beyond salty; I could not comprehend how the salty flavour literally killed off every other item with the ramen, the pork literally was dripping with salt, and the noodles were hard to down just because I kept reaching for my glass of water. I've never had ramen this salty, my tastebuds were beyond overwhelmed. I was expecting the meat flavour to be rendered into the broth, but all I tasted was salt. I reluctantly finished my bowl of ramen (it was $16, I've never even paid this much for ramen in my life) and left rather bitter that Momofuku was overhyped. I'm pretty picky with my ramen, I don't like my broth competing with the noodles or the meat in my ramen, even if it's the "base flavour". Noodles weren't even chewy, either, and the pork wasn't rendered tender enough for me.
Killer steamed pork buns...did I mention the $11 beer that was awesome!  Think its called Hitachino....so freakin good!!!  I do think this place is a bit over rated but service was great, good vibe, most of the food was solid so....me likey!
Unremarkable noodles and a bit on the salty side.  I didn't care for the beef brisket either.  However, I have to admit the pork belly is pretty frickin amazing, especially in the steamed buns.  The cuts are beautiful and the portions generous.  I also tried the olive oil soft serve and while interesting, I wouldn't ever order it again.
This place was fantastic! We started with the pork buns which were seasoned and steamed to perfection. The ramen was perfect and the cream slush was really tasty. The seating is interesting because of the space constraints but is very conducive to sparking up a conversation with someone next to you about what there is to do in the neighborhood on any given night or what train to take to get to your next destination.
the shrimp and pork buns are awesome
It's a small little place so it can get packed fast. We ended up sitting at the bar instead of a table or booth, but that was okay. I LOVE their PORK BUNS!!! OMGGG it is sooo succulent, flavorful, and worth every bite!! I wanted more and more. Honestly, I was just going to order the ramen, but I'm so glad I got the pork buns. The ramen broth was really good and flavorful as well. Disappointed that we had to buy kimchi as usually Japanese and Korean restaurants would give kimchi as part of the sides. Guess it is why it is called "asian fusion." Nonetheless, I would def come back to get their pork buns when I get another chance to visit NYC! Mouth is still watering after all these years haha.
Had the pork bun and spicy miso chicken ramen. The pork bun was decent not amazing...the first bite was good but the flavors dull after that. This wouldn't be the place to go for authentic Japanese ramen. Would recommend totto ramen in Hell's Kitchen for that. The soup base here is pretty salty although the kimchi in the ramen was interesting. The poaches egg was good.
Good food doesn't make up for poor service. After reading some reviews of this place, I decide to take some out of town friends here. Initially we were excited as we sat and ordered. But as time progressed, the poor service started to take over our excitement. Half of our appetizers came before our drinks. After we asked our waiter 2 times for our drinks, another waiter finally brought them by. After the 2nd half of our appetizers came, we sat and waited for our main courses. And waited. And waited. And waited. It would be a different story if we had not asked our waiter if our food was coming, but we did. Not once. But THREE times. We literally saw 3 groups of people (2 parties of 2 and a party of 4) get their food AND PAY as our dishes finally came out. THE SAME dishes we ordered. We waited for nearly an hour for our entire meal. This is the first place I've eaten in my life where I was so upset that I didn't leave a tip. I'm sorry, but you have to work for your tip, and if you can't serve your customers, especially after we repeatedly ask for an update politely you don't deserve a tip. Oh yeah, did I mention we had to wait probably another 15 mins for our CHECK?
Don't expect to eat anything authentic here.  If you want authentic Japanese noodles go to a Japanese noodle house.  Their pork buns are good but you can make it at home with store bought brown sauce and a good piece of pork. I'm not saying this place is bad it's just not good. Very overpriced and can very get crowded with little or no elbow room. EEK!  METHINKS NOT!
Couldn't quite make myself drop 9 bucks for the pork belly sandwich, but saw tourists next to me get 4 of them and 2 more to go. It looked good, but the cucumber was the nail in the coffin for trying those. In addition to the price tag. And aggressive dinner fooding plans. So's my friend and I both ordered the scallion sauce ramen. It was delicious, but too salty. Could have been perfect, despite realizing too late that they weren't soup noodles. Comes with seasonal vegetables, cucumber, and menma (bamboo shoots). Ramen noodles were chewy, and my friend saw the chefs testing the noodles frequently in the kitchen. Our appetizer of raw fluke with pear and apple puree (with celery and furikake) was excellent. But most excellent... wait for it... was the SOY SAUCE EGG. Good googly moogly, that's the best boiled egg I've ever had. The yolk was perfectly cooked, just set. There's fried onions and chives on top. Quite possibly the most delicious egg on the planet. I'm going to try making this at home. Other info: We got there around 6 or 7, I think. We were seated at the counter after a few minutes. Decor is simple but atmospheric with the open kitchen and the people slurping noodles around you. Menu is not too long, and there are only a few noodle options. You are free to order the snacks at the bar, too. If you're really hungry there's a prix fixe menu. There are larger tables further in, and if you bring enough people and make a reservation, there's fried chicken. As crowded as this place gets, naturally a line at the bathroom forms. At around 8 or so there was a line. A long line. Go earlier to avoid it. I would definitely come back and try their other dishes. Their soft serve desserts come from the milk bar.
first visit for lunch pork buns- okay but too fatty momofuku ramen - tastless, salty and lukewarm broth, cold poached egg, cold pork slice second visit for dinner 34oz beer - a can beer, really? pork buns- okay but still too fatty shiitake buns- no flavor and dried momofuku ramen - still the same spicy miso ramen - even worse wings - here comes the worst one. tasted like zombie. pretty sure recycled from ramen broth. the worst ramen place ever.
My second experience at a David Chang restaurant - first time for pork butt dinner,  this time for his famed Fried Chicken dinner.  Dude, I'm from San Francisco.  It's not easy to fly all this way just for dinner at one of his restaurants LOL. Two whole chickens prepared in an asian style and southern home cooking buttermilk batter.  They bring four dipping sauces (all incredibly tasty and delicious) along with a garden bowl, full of bibb lettuce, radish, carrots, shiso leaves.  I love the different ways you can eat the dinner to your liking - never thought fried chicken would tatste so good wrapped in a bibb lettuce aka korean bbq style with a shiso leaf and a jalapeno, garlic sauce. OMFG!  Ad Hoc (Thomas Keller restaurant in Yountville, Napa)) offers a fried chicken dinner too but doesn't even come close to Chang's.  Of course, not going to come all this way to NYC without having TWO orders of his pork buns.  So good....
it seems like overkill to contribute the 691st review for noodle bar.  c'mon, clearly 690 reviews is enough to decide if this place is good.  but this is yelp....sooooo.  here's my 2 cents. upon arriving, we're told its a 25 minute wait.  that actually turns out to be closer to an 8 minute wait.  (score!) order a limeade soju.  mmmmm.  (much better than the flor de jamaica)  order the cold spicy noodles.  the waitress warns me that "it's very hot."  "psssh.  hot?  yeah right.  whatever, i can take it."  (bad idea)  it was the 2nd hottest thing i've ever eaten (thanks, random hot pot place) but so so so yummy.  it came with spinach, sausage and candied cashews.  i somehow managed to eat the whole bowl (all the while panting and downing 6 glasses of water), and my stomach wasn't in ruins the next day.  wrapped up the meal with some chocolate chip cake truffels...double mmmmmm. that was all amazing.  it didn't even suck that much having to share our table with a family of tourists.  the only minor blemish to the evening came when we were paying the bill.  the waiter didn't bring back our change in a way that allowed us to tip about 20%.  it was either like 11% or 30%.  we thought that was weird...and so had to go with the 11%.  sorry guys...but uh, next time spring for more ones.
Overrated and Overpriced.  Service is ok, as the staffs like to pack you into the small tables.  Otherwise, they are friendly and helpful.   Food looks fusion but the taste is mediocre.  Take the pork buns, which is a piece of hashbrown or spam like meat patty stuffed into a Chinese peking-duck-bun. Presentation was so-so and the taste is worse. Kim Chee, which is hard to messed up in taste, was good and it didn't taste like it was from a jar.  My biggest issue is the overpriced ramen.  At $16, you get instant-noodle-like ramen with one egg, chopped onion, a piece of pork, and few other condiments.  I expected much more, as ramen noodles are cheap easy to make items.  It is extremely difficult to mess up ramen as it has oil and the soup base already contained MSG.  You can make the same meal for $1 sans the atmosphere.  Throw in a burger patty and voila - it's Momofuku fusion.  What drives this place is the bar like noodle bar and it looks like the coolest restaurant in the block.   If you like to spend lots of money on cheap noodles and be part of the crowd, this is a good place.  Otherwise, save your money and go to an authentic Korean, Japanese, or Chinese noodle house for excellent food at a good price.
so freakin good! get the classic pork noodles and an appetizer -share both with a friend. the pork buns were incredible. fatty and tender and juicy and overflowing with goodness. brilliant!
Pretty mediocre. 70 minute long wait. Not worth at all. The slushy drinks were ok. Their pork buns were too sweet. Even the noodles (momofuku special) were below average. I think this place used to be good in the past but is not anywhere close to that quality it used to offer.. There are much better noodle places in Manhattan.
Had a super solid meal here last week. The cold spicy noodle with Chinese sausage and spinach was fantastic. So was the soy egg. The egg was probably the most memorable of the experience. Great meal. Fun Service, sat overlooking the kitchen. Recommend.
I heard a lot about Momofuku.  I believe it was one of the top ten restaurants according to the NY Times last year.  So with all the hype, I had to check this place out since I came all the way from Cali!  I heard that this place could get pretty packed, so I got over to the East Village and was at the door at 11:55 in order to ensure I wouldn't wait for ever.  Luckily, only 4 other folks were in front of me. I walk into the noodle bar, and I go into what looks like some loungey place with wood decor.  Then I notice, the wait staff looks like a bunch of smug hipsters.  Did I go into the right place? I order the Momofuku special which is the pork with a poached egg.  Surprisingly, it's pretty good.  The broth was alright, a bit salty,  The pork was pretty tasty though.  As for being slurperrific for Japanese ramen, it was not bad at all.  But then again, $20 was way too much for ramen.  At least I got to try the ramen and see what all the hype was ago.  Would I go again?  Probably not, but it was definitely good to try it out.
I loved it here! Came here for lunch because I think at night it's a little more hard to get reservations. But no problem when we came for lunch! Ordered the Momofuku ramen and it was deeeelish! You really can't go wrong with pork belly. So good, just melts in your mouth! We got the pork buns, which is a David Chang staple. Everyone who frequents his restaurants always swears by his pork buns. And they're right! They're really good. His shrimp buns are good too because that spicy mayo is so good! But i couldn't get enough of the pork buns. I even ended up buying his book after. Amazing!
Noodles were so spicy I only ate 2 bites. Inedible. Before my first bite the waft from my shirt sleeve (as I was bringing the noodles toward my face) caused my eyes to water and me to cough. Also, the pork taco things were fatty and gross. Though seemingly a total fail, I would go back to try some other noodle dish. The waitress did mention it was pretty spicy, so I guess that's my fault but I don't see how anyone could eat that and enjoy the experience.
I have experienced the likes of Ippudo, Totto, and Hide Chan, so my bar was set very high. Momofuku Noodle Bar is my least favorite amongst them. By no means was the food or the experience bad, it was just average. I ordered the pork buns and Momofuku Ramen. The buns were great. No complaints here. What I was most disappointed by was the ramen. I'm use to melt-in-your-mouth chia-siu pork and hearty, filling broth that competitors make so well. The ramen here is thin and almost flavorless in comparison. The pork is overcooked and tough. Compared to ramen I've ordered in the past, this one tasted very bland. For the price, I was very disappointed by what I received. The atmosphere here is lacking. In terms of comfort, I felt like Momofuku was simply taking advantage of its hype and stuffing as many people into a bar to the point of losing comfort for its customers. You are never more than six inches apart from the closest stranger. Servers would constantly bump into my arm and back while I ate. And on a busy day, people waiting to get seated would be in your personal space. As much as I would love to go back, there are several other competitors that prepare ramen just as well,  if not better nearby. So I personally would not go back.
The ode to pork theme works for me, and I've had the best ramen of my life, and  incredible pork buns which make me a fan for life.  The decor is plain, true, and the service can be a bit rushed and unfriendly, but my interest is the food, and this doesn't disappoint.
How lucky we were to get seated immediately.  Course it was about 10:15 pm but about 15 min later there was a long line out the door.  So, we were lucky.  The pork buns. Have them for an appetizer, main course and dessert.  The 3 of us all moaned as we ate them - all at the same time.  Seriously, you have to get them.  We sat at the bar - it is cramped and someone actually came in with a stroller.  Too crowded but those buns..... worth it all!!
My favorite place to eat in NYC. Shiitake buns and ginger scallion ramen are amazing.
i returned recently to try the momofuku ramen, and it was rather fantastic.
Let me start this review by saying I had never had ramen before coming to NYC. Dating a fellow foodie defiantly has it's perks as they constantly are wanting to try new things and occasionally forcing you to step outside of your comfort zone. If this case, ramen existed right outside the bubble that is my comfort zone. After trying it once though, it nearly exploded that comfort bubble. Holy cow is ramen good and crazy addictive. I have been to Momofuku and Ippudo (will address both) many times. If you live in the lower part of Manhattan, you have more than likely heard of both Ippudo and Momofuku. I will start by saying both are very very good. With that being said, I have to give the edge to Momofuku. The buns here are better and the ramen that I get here (spicy chicken) has yet to be match by any ramen I have tried at Ippudo. The one thing I will give Ippudo is that their atmosphere is MUCH better than Momofuku. I mean it's like a straight up party going on in there, while Momofuku seems always cramped. On to the food, Momofucku has AMAZING buns (they must workout). I've had both the shrimp and the mushroom buns, both very very good. The sauce they put on the shrimp buns is delicious. As for the ramen, get the spicy chicken. It will no doubt blow your mind. It's the perfect amount of spicy to get your senses going. I will warn that the wait at Momofuku is always consistently long (duh, did you read my review above?).
I ate. The amuse bouche of fluke was light, citrusy and pleasant. The congee was delicious, but needed more sauce. The ramen was solid, but honestly nothing special. The pork buns weren't the best I've ever had, but they were easily the most enjoyable part of the meal. Delicious. I laughed. One of the cooks dropped a shrimp ball and screamed some of the more inventive curses I've been privy to. My dining companion likes to stick chopsticks in her nose. That's always hilarious. I cried. The bill was steeper than a ramen dinner should really be. OK, perhaps I didn't actually weep over the cost of my meal, but I was unimpressed with my first Momofuku experience.
i arrived at JFK and caught a cab to my new home in East Village, just around the corner from Momofuku. If the waiter just knew what i had been through i don;t think he would of been as pushy or as rude. We were FREAKIN STARRRRRVING because we hadn;t eaten properly on the 13hr or so flight here. So we walked in, sat down and I promptly tried to ordered before i was taken back by a rude "UHH i asked you what you wanted to drink, take it easy." yeah ok whatever loser. The pork ramen was way too salty and i left feeling more dehydrated even after the glasses of water i drank. I think we were taking our time eating the bowl of ramen and even though my partner finished i was stil going. The waiter was really pushy and wanted to take our bowls away, i had about half the bowl left. Maybe we aren't hip or goodlooking enough so they wanted us out.. Anyways. So much hype around this place that is crudely and rudely overpriced. People should smile more also.
Expectations too high i guess. Pork buns delicious and drool-worthy, but that pricey ($16) ramen tasted like pork+pork broth, with a little more pork. One dimensional flavor profile. Should've tried the miso ramen? Great hosts, service is lean and seats are a little rub-up-on-a-body.
Consistently delicious - a great, versitile restaurant (at a nice value point) that is both perfect for snacking with friends or sampling a multi-course tasting menu. After one meal, you'll understand all the buzz about David Chang. The vibe is distinctly casual - walk-ins only and large, communal tables (with stools) for inquiring eaters. Momofuku is loud (especially given the close quarters with your neighbors), and the food comes out fast (a high premium is placed on turnover by the restauranteurs - no real dessert on the menu to speak of, just a small soft-serve "tasting") The Chicken Ramen at Noodle Bar (regrettably, aren't able to try the pork version) is among my favorite dishes in NYC, especially on a cold winter evening: meat that expertly balances crunchy and soft, springy noodles, rich and soothing broth. The Steamed Buns - with both Shitake and Chicken - are incredible. I go through at least 2-3 of these each time I visit; dress with a little hot sauce from the squeeze bottle and you're completely set. Ginger Scallion Noodles are a great vegeterian option; I find the mutli-spice potato chips and kimchee both addictive chicetti as well - a nice complement to your meal. Last piece of advice: come early! Waits tend to get on the longer side quite quickly...
Momofuku Noodle Bar is definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. I haven't tried many items off their menu, but that is only because the pork buns and the chilled spicy noodles are really all you need. I've also tried the Momofuku ramen, which is pretty good, and quite filling, but the best foods here are probably the ones already mentioned. I've tried the pork buns at Ippudo too, but what I love about these are that they're extremely fresh. They are also really filling, but I don't feel heavy afterward. And the chilled spicy noodles are pretty ingenious. MNB might not be the highest-class experience, but it's definitely trendy, and you get your money's worth.
First of all, there is no question: When you're at Momofuku, you're in good hands. There is so much attention to detail and delectation that it's quibbling to find fault anywhere. I don't want to just eat the hype but this is a good, high quality eating experience no matter how you decide to slice it... I've tried a good cross-section of the so-called "snacks." Haven't found one that I don't like. The mochi (rice cakes) are particularly good, and the tamales deserve exploration. The kimchi is stellar. And the potato thing is fantastic if you can stop laughing. In terms of side dishes: The pork buns are fully deserving of their fame, but the buns that are not pork do not deserve to be punished for their not containing the pig. The chicken ones are perhaps the closest to being questionable, but that doesn't mean that I wouldn't shove the Dali Lama to the ground to have a bite if necessary. Now the fabled Momofuku Ramen: This is not, in the strictest technical sense, "Ramen." This is "Chinese Noodles." You may argue that there is little important difference, but coming from a Japanese bias, there is a diff. But not a distinction that I would ever suggest reflects poorly upon this bowl of pleasure. David Chang more than deserves to be held to his own standard. So I would argue strenuously that this dish not be compared to other Ramens in the city but be judged as a thing unto itself. As such it is fantastic. And I have to admit I end up thinking of it as a bowl of Ramen... Hmmm... The pork is just giggly-good. The nori is solid and substantial (something that one cannot say about many aspirants to Ramen Valhalla). The broth is deep without being heavy. Rich without cloying. The poached egg might seem gratuitous, but ultimately I liked it. The noodles themselves are tight and hold up well, but arguably are the weak link. As I've argued elsewhere, good noodles are the holy grail in New York Ramen. And although Ippudo's soup doesn't quite reach the sophistication of Momofuku's, their in-house noodles have a slight edge. Now this is a bit of Apples-Oranges, because Ippudo is slinging tonkotsu-ramen, so it's a bit like comparing a really great Gyros plate to a great Cobb salad, but that's why I'm trying to draw attention to the noodles. Ramen lives or dies on it's broth, and Momofuku is well into the stratosphere with their's, but the noodles could do with a bit more TLC... I haven't done the fried chicken thing yet, but I've seen it, and I want it... guess I need to go try to make some friends... Try to avoid the tendency for hype to blunt the edge of hipster enjoyment and just dig in. Momofuku is doing a lot of things right. So do right and just get in there...
This place is forever packed.  Luckily for me I was by myself and I was able to score a seat at the bar.  I ordered ramen and it was just a tad salty.  Also ordered the egg appetizer and it was just too salty.  The only redeeming part of the experience was the S'mores ice cream dessert.  I'll probably give it another shot.  I want to try the Fried Chicken dinner next time I'm here.
I've lived in the EV since 1991, and I love the new Asian fusion presence. I've been to Momofuku Noodle Bar several times, and I have to congratulate Momufuku on its savvy growth in the neighborhood, perhaps second only to NYU! As a tip to people coming to the EV--there are other fish in the sea. Tet on Ave. A btwn 5th and 6th blew me away last night when I went there with a few friends and we shared several appetizers, entree, desserts. No line, however, to get a seat, so if you're aching to be seen and to wait forever to be seated, stick with Momofuku.
Went there for lunch on 11/14/10 with high expectation.  Very crowded so my expectation went up even higher.  Ordered the shrimp bun for appetizer.  It was ok.  I think the bun would be better if slightly crispy on the outside.  Waited for long time for ramen and got really really hungry to a point anything should taste good.  Ramen finally came.  What a disappointment.  Soup wasn't any better than Sapporo Ichiban and was bitter.  Too oily and nothing special.  I am Korean so I do know about ramen.  I could only laugh at those that seemed like they were really loving it...how clueless.
It's not about the ramen. It's all about the pork buns. I am currently a 22 hour and 52 minute drive away from Momofuku Noodle Bar. I haven't been in New York since June. Those pork buns still pop into my head from time to time.
Well, you coulda rubbed my bulbous, naked body with miso oil and sprinkled me liberally with sesame seeds (toasted, of course) when I found out that the Momofuku I visited last year went kaput ...finito ...the end of days. But then I found out they just moved up the same block in the East Village into a bigger space, and I felt like a little girl again ...in crinolines ...with a big hoop. I should have known better as Momofuku serves the best ramen ever. Ever. And I come from San Francisco realizing I am performing harakiri on all my brethren who own the noodle shops in Japantown. So sorry, my tomodachis ...but it's true. I have yet to find a ramen bowl as satisfying as the $16 Momofuku Ramen with the pork combo and poached egg (see my photo). Sure, $16 seems like a lot of ka-ching, but the secret lies in the earthy stock and the fresh ingredients. The fresh stock is made from roasted pork bones, ham hocks, and bacon from little, corn-fed piggies in the Berkshires. The toppings are familiar but so much fresher than anything I ever had in J-Town - slivered snow peas mixed with chopped scallions, sliced bamboo shoots, and sauteed Greenmarket corn kernels. The succulent pork pieces come from the belly and shreds of shoulder are added for good measure. The $12 Chicken Ramen is similarly stellar with hefty chunks of chicken thigh replacing the pork belly (see my photo). We actually started with the $3 basket of 7-Spice Chips which we devoured in a matter of moments (see my photo). But the big surprise was the $12 serving of Romenesco Cauliflower, a wonderful veggie I've never tired that tastes like a cross between cauliflower and broccoli florets, kightly grilled with bits of boquerones (anchovies) and pine nuts thrown in (see my photo). Delicate and oh-so flavorful. Everything was ridiculously good - especially on a cold, blustery day in Manhattan. FOOD - 5 stars...freshest, most flavorful ramen ever...sorry Tanpopo AMBIANCE - 5 stars...clean, crisp and modern with communal tables and a long counter in front of the open kitchen SERVICE - 4 stars...attentive but a bit too blase considering how good the food is TOTAL - 5 stars...a must-stop every time I come to New York
Japanese fare is what my sister and I had in mind when we jumped on the L train west, but specifically we wanted noodles. We arrived at Momofuku ("Lucky Peach") at 9 o'clock on a Sunday evening, yet the narrow noodle bar was whirring like a Mother's Day brunch. A gaggle of hipsters, yuppies and foodies filled the restaurant and the perfunctory waiting area while sipping Hitachino White Ale on ice. A curt maître d' took our name and warned us that our twenty-five minute wait would be enjoyed outside. A maelstrom of cooks navigated the slim isthmus of kitchen where steaming vats of broth, noodles, pickled roots tubers, pulled pork and delicate seafood waited before being flung chaotically and masterfully like Jackson Pollock paint splatters. In front of this open-air kitchen, diners sat on slick stools crafted by Joshua Corey. Especially frenetic and artistic in was the noodle cook, Kiki, who dunked and heaped piles of tender noodles into various broths, testing each bowl before passing it further. Our twenty-five minute wait contracted as shy or rushed would-be patrons deserted.  We were seated in front of a smiling cook who made salads with shimmering, green seaweed noodles and pink cephalopods while crisped skate wing to perfection. His smile was as free of mechanized stylization as it was imbued with a serendipity reserved for late night meals. Perhaps it was an eager hunger, the chaotic conviviality or the absence of a back on my stool, but I began to lean over the bar as if the answers to an important test were being rushed across the line. Momofuku focuses on hearty noodles dishes, fresh and pickled vegetables, and seafood and shuns the vagaries of vegetarianism. The menu boasts a single vegetarian dish ("Ginger Scallion") for which a tepid apology and an asterisk are proffered. My sister ordered the Tsukemen (dipping broth, chilled noodles, shredded Berkshire pork), which also came with shelled peas, salted cucumbers and a poached egg. I required the Kimchee Stew (braised kimchee, rice cakes and shredded Berkshire pork) topped with shredded carrots and scallions. We witnessed these dishes and commented on their size, but still perused the menu and chose the sautéed snap peas. Momofuku resembles the kind of harried restaurants one would sees in Ridley Scott and Luc Besson films if the interiors were reset with Danish furniture. The harried pace of the line is tamed by the clean lines and soft wood tones throughout. Being a bit cramped does not impinge upon the experience; instead, it reinforces the greatest pleasures and scruples of noodle bars: efficiency, friendliness and heartiness. I day-dreamt of grated cabbages incubating in clay pots of red pepper while my sister and I commented on the important role this restaurant has served in fortifying the city's bleary-eyed kitchen staffs. When the snap peas arrived their color shimmered and sweated in its own butter crispiness. The snap peas snapped sweetly and the fresh horseradish combined fluently with the briny radish as an accompaniment. Soon after we were besieged by my stew and my sister's noodle dish, the latter luxuriously complicating our personal space and eating geometry. Between my other neighbor and I lay an aberrant bowl of steamed rice and spoon which we each eyes suspiciously: I, because it cradled a soup-spoon and he because his dish was much smaller than mine. Kimchee Stew iss the best thing to happen to kimchee since the Seoul Olympics. In addition to cabbage kimchee, daikon kimchee (khakdugi) was also present and provide a tinge of sweetness. The shredded pork was soft as butter but not fatty; its lipids resided in a broth that was dyed red and fleck with burnt kimchee. The rice cakes were sliced into quarter sized medallions, rather than dangerous gags they were a perfect al dente. Caught betwixt dunking and pouring, my sister labored over her noodles, which were arranged as a painter's palate. I encouraged her to pour but she had reservations. The poached egg was a delicious improvement on the hard-boiled egg both for color and taste. Kiki had successfully boiled full-bodied noodles which could have been stretched the length of the bar or cut with a limp plastic spork. The salted cucumbers gleamed like the flesh of a young Britney Spears. We devoured our food in quietude and obeisance, talking only to share and mingling intermittent deep breaths with praise re-posturing. When our chopsticks found their angle of repose atop our bowls, and we agreed to let them be taken away. Just then a beautiful woman of indeterminate race was treated to a plate of steamed buns, a gift from the chef. Wary of her figure, and perhaps the overture itself, she refused at first then agreed to eat one.   The rest we happily shared before catching the L towards Brooklyn where beautiful people mine the chaos and beauty that Momofuku prepares in wide, white bowls.
Ramen; smoked chicken wings; heirloom tomato salad.. I'm satisfied. I can't have the pork belly buns anymore but I didn't leave disappointed. At all! In fact I left fat & happy.
I have to admit I was expecting more.  I'm not quite sure with all the hype of noodle/ramen bars.  I could go home, boil some water and throw in the noodles and the ingredient pack.  After, a few minutes - what do I have? RAMEN. I have to admit Momofuku's ramen surpasses my version.  Their ramen is pleasing and delectable, yet still simple.  I'm uncertain how to describe it.  Forget the ramen, their buns are outstanding.  They should rename their establishment to "Momofuku Bun Bar."  Other than the food, the place appears to always be packed, you usually have to wait, and the seating is snug.  The waiters and cooks were very friendly and provided excellent customer service.  Their waitresses are pretty darn cute too - haha.   Even though I'm not an aficionado of noodles or ramen, I would absolutely visit Momofuku on a rainy day.
This place was really not worth the wait for me. It's really popular, so there's always a crowd, but the noodles the place is named after are nothing special. I've had better (and cheaper!) noodles at Ramen Bar in Pittsburgh. The crowd also makes it a very unpleasant place to eat, since waiters and customers are always shoving past your seat to get somewhere in a hurry. Save your money and time, and eat at one of the gazillion nearby restaurants that are actually good.
Place is overated, food is pricey and portion is small. Wait line is long. I have tasted better japanese food somewhere else.
I came here on a Friday night expecting to stand in line with other pork bun aficionados...but there was absolutely no wait.  We even had a choice of a communal table or the counter (we chose the table).  Yes, the restaurant is packed and you're going to literally rub elbows with strangers but...that's the way the cookie (or pork bun) crumbles in Manhattan, and the clientele here tends to be a friendly crowd. The food here is all about big, rich, intense, flavors.  We started with the pork buns...slabs of buttery, savory, porky goodness sandwiched in chinese-style bread with scallion and sweet/salty sauce.  Seriously, why bother coming here if you're not going to get the pork buns? (You ONLY get a pass on that question if you're a Vegetarian, gluten-intolerant, or avoid pork for religious reasons.)  The fatty, bold flavor of the pork buns went perfectly with a glass of rioja.  The menu also features tropical sake slushies, which hit the spot like nothing else on a hot day. For my entree, I had the ginger scallion noodles, which are a chewy fresh ramen served without soup and topped with a variety of savory goodies, including juicy, perfectly salty and tangy pickled shiitake mushrooms. Service was friendly and quick , although sometimes a bit confused ("right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing"), which is understandable given the high volume of customers.
At 1:00pm on Friday February 6 I went to Momofuku Noodle Bar. I ate a chicken ramen. It was awfully salty, and I am having heart burn now 4 hours later. What's wrong with the soup?? It couldn't have been noodle soup, but sauce saltier than soy sauce. They are gonna kill us with high blood pressure someday. I need to drink a gallon of water to reduce the sodium level in my body.
First and foremost, the food here is good. Its of high quality, fresh, and its plentiful. The decor is a throwback to simpler times mixed with the reality of a small NY eatery. Not much by way of atmosphere, but not necessarily a drawback. With that said, Momofuku struggles with its limited selection. For a place with 'noodle bar' in the title, 90% of its dishes contain meat and of those even the selection is limited. There are tons of noodle bars in the relative walking area with broader selection and easier on pricing. In summation, Momofuku is worth a visit, especially if your out late late night on the weekends (they stay open till 2) however there is other game in town.
I've been a big admirer of David Chang as a businessman, watched his TV shows, and read many articles praising his craft. I came in to Momofuku with high expectations but have been sadly disappointed. Despite not enjoying my experience the first time, I decided to give it another go. The pork buns were good both the ramen was sub-par. The smokey ramen flavour is overpowering. I think an average ramen shop in Japan is twice as good as Momofuku's. I don't want to play the race-card, but I'm seriously wondering whether all the amazing press is due to the fact that David Chang has introduced a stylized version of Asian food to Western customers. I don't think real asians - and real connoisseurs of Asian food - will be impressed by this. I really wanted to be excited, but come away saddenly disappointed. There's a 100 ramen stores that serve better food; David Change serves better PR.
After escaping a potentially disastrous dinner at Cafe Bari (c'mon a $20 burger at a cafe?). We hopped in a cab and showed up cold, tired and hungry at Momofuku Noodle Bar. Though there was a wait at the door, they scooted us right in since I'm a celebrity...er...yeah right, they just had a free 2-seater in the corner. The tables are scrunched together and you sit on these short stools rubbing backs with the table next to you. Definitely wouldn't bring my grandmother here or she might get trampled. Seated we decided to order the cheapy half carafe of cold sake - about $16. This ended up being a mistake since it wreaked like a drunken Bolshevik. After the vodka/sake disappointment I was awarded with a stellar, beautiful interpretation of a pork bun. Next they brought out delectable morsels of savory hamachi seasoned with red beet puree, horseradish, and thin apple slices. I've never seen raw fish consumed so rapidly and I spent the few minutes pondering whether to order more hamachi. The third dish we shared was the Momofuku Ramen and it was also the least impressive. I've never had ramen beyond the old classic Top Ramen so fancy ramen seemed a bit suspect. While this definitely blew away Cup'o'Noodles, I found it to be really salty overall. I made the mistake of sipping a gulp of the broth and nearly puckered. Maybe you're not supposed to drink the broth...oops? Service was friendly and 2/3 of the dishes were top notch. I'd say go for the pork buns and stay because you can't get out of your stool seat.
The ramen is so yummy.  It is the PERFECT meal on a rainy day.  It is loaded with goodies and comes in a big-ol-bowl.  The flavor is great, not too salty.   Personally, I'm not a fan of the buns.  They were a bit too greasy for me. The places was a bit cramped. I definitely would have had a better time if I didn't feel so squished. The wait wasn't too bad.
I ordered the Momofuku Ramen. The broth is too salty to me. I don't think this is only for me though. I went there with four of my friends and three is us had the Momofuku Ramen and rest two had the spicy miso ramen. And all of us had this problem. End up we had to drink a lot water to wash down the saltiness of the broth. I actually like the strong smoky flavor of the ingredients.
BOOOO... I was really looking forward to their ramen that has had such high praises from all over the place but for me, it just wasn't great at all. Two stars might sound harsh but from all the hype, the expense and the amount of time needed to wait for the food it just isn't worth it. An hour wait for alright food that was overpriced! The breakdown we were able to try 3 different types of food. The pork buns 3/5 Smoked fried chicken wings 2/5 Momofuku ramen 3.5/5 The biggest disappointment were those damn smoked fried chicken wings. $12 for 6 pieces of the smallest wings with skin that had the texture as if it wasn't cooked enough. The type of texture you get when you microwave frozen wings. It was the worst $12 ever spent. The pork buns were ok. They use the fatty part of the pork so biting into this bun will fill your mouth with all that gelatinous fat. Although it was covered with some type of sweet like sauce that made it taste better than it would've been. Momofuku ramen. It was alright. Again more fatty pork but also some shredded pork. The shredded pork was the best part for me because it was meaty not fatty and flavorful but still not that great. I prefer how it might've been before the shredding like what you could find in Ippudo or Santoka. The broth was alright but the poached egg messed it all up for me. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good. Probably a good place to go to if you love pork because they like to put it in everything! The 4th ramen bar I've been to so far and it's on the bottom of the list. BTW if you want those chicken wings you see in the photos you need to go to their website and make a reservation for those.
4 stars is for the port belly buns only. They are one of the most delicious food I've ever eaten. But their ramen are just so-so, nothing special about them. The ramen are bland and the noodle in it was just average. Too crowded.
don't understand the hype about this place came here two times, and both times I didn't really like my dish chilled spicy noodle- dish was mediocre, it's something that I can throw together myself and honestly it was too spicy for my palette, I could only handle a few mouthfuls before I had to stop eating momofuku  ramen - the infamous ramen noodle- although the pork belly was good, that was the only highlight of the dish. broth was too salty,  and noodles were undercooked, even the pork buns were okay,  -try  pork buns at ippudo instead
fried chicken lunch review only: 2 chickens prepared 2 different ways... korean style- fried 3 times, so these wings were crispy southern style- super moist unlimited of the following: 3 sauces- hoisin, garlic scallion, jalapeno vinegar veggies- carrots, radishes, lettuce, and herbs mushu pancakes good and affordable, but i probably would not do this lunch again.
This place is so OVER!! By that, I mean: over-priced, over-rated, over-hyped, and over-crowded.  People, this Momofuku Emperor is wearing no clothes. Remove the hype-colored glasses and taste what they're actually serving you!   The ramen is too salty and has an off flavor.  You can get better noodles at dozens of places around the city, for a fraction of the pricier, tastier, and even more filling.  The steam bun was also somewhat inferior to the average bun you can pick up in Chinatown for a song.  Your tongue will be annoyed, your stomach will be grouchy, and your wallet will be downright angry. OTOH, maybe it's a good thing. It seems to keep many hipsters and self-proclaimed foodies from clogging up the other superior places to eat around town.
This place is great.  The ramen is awesome and the rest of the menu is broad and unique.  I take for granted David Chang's focus on fresh food and his fascination with pork.  It can be crowded, and the music can be a bother to some (I like Led Zep so it works for me).  I came here with my wife and 3 kids and that worked great...we sat on the bar and the kids watched the chef and had a lot of fun.
The pork buns were very good. The momofuku noodles were good. Unfortunately, I came here with high expectations. I think it was all in the pork and broth for me, maybe even also the noodles. I was hoping to be blown away by the depth of the broth and I wasn't. I loved having the poached egg in there but everything else left me a little meh. The place itself was great and the service was fast. I really have no complains. I was just expecting the best ramen ever, and I didn't get it. But yes, this place is very good.
I find it amusing when people make such a big deal about there being only one vegetarian option on the menu... um, welcome to my life! The majority of restaurants in the upper echelon of regard have only one vegetarian option--they just don't make a public spectacle about it like David Chang's trendy ride on the pork wave. By offering (at least) one substantiated vegetarian dish on their tiny menu, Momofuku becomes one of the **very few** NYC noodles houses that is vegetarian friendly! Personally, I find it charming that the chef is selecting my dish for me. I suffer from none of the "maybe I picked the wrong dish for me" guilt that comes along with not enjoying a meal at such a renown restaurant. So, rejoice vegetarians! Do not heed misdirected claims from idiotic self-proclaimed "carnivores" that this food bar does not welcome you. Whatever distaste the Momofuku brand has for your lifestyle does not show in the Ginger Scallion Noodles. yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh… Heavy flaccid noodles dressed in a classic oil/vinegar/shoyu emulsion spiked with the title ingredients generously fill the deep bowl. Unlike other reviewers here, I didn't think the noodles were too salty--richly salted, yes--pairing perfectly with the quick pickled cucumbers, soft bamboo and seared cauliflower. I also shared the Roasted Rice Cakes (essentially don bokki) pan seared tender nuggets of gluttonous rice flour glazed in a vivid sweet chili sauce (made with dashi per the Momofuku cookbook) and adorned with scallions and pale sesame... all the decadence of pork baos turned inside out. yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh… So please have no fear, and brings your (non prim donna) vegetarian friends here!
Just okay.  Coming from LA, we are accustomed to fine fusion joints.  We were expecting something extraordinary based on all the reviews and buzz.  Unfortunately, we we're let down. The clientele was right out of a bad portlandia skit.  The poorly shaved 20 something's were lined up like hogs at a slaughter house.  Armed with their parents' platinum cards, they were undeterred by the wait or the unjustified premium for mediocre ramen.
Got seated really quick but we just got lucky. Expect a wait. Not the best ramen I've had and pretty overpriced in my opinion, though I'm visiting New York for the first time so perhaps food is just more expensive here. About $20 with tip for a decent meal -- not the best on a college student budget. That being said I did enjoy the food but nothing to suggest it's out of this world.
I had the fried chicken dinner.  There were 6 of us and while there was a ton of food, that chicken is really damn good and there was almost nothing left when we were through. I'll be back in new york in april, and I'll probably try to do another chicken dinner because ohmygod it was so good. We stuck to the bounty of the fried chicken dinner, and all of it was really really good.  Let's face it though, the korean style chicken is much much better than the southern style chicken.  I thought the southern style chicken had way too much old bay seasoning on it, and I've definitely had better southern style fried chicken. We did get the slushy dark and stormy drinks, which were amazing and filled with so much gingery goodness they warmed my insides.  or was that the soju? whatever, it felt great. I was tempted to order from the menu, everything sounded really good, but it was also really expensive, and i made a commitment to this chicken.  Maybe next time.  Maybe on someone else's dime. do want more of this momofucking chicken please.
The new Momofuku location is delightful: the layout, with long communal tables and two bars facing the kitchen, is surprisingly calming, and allows patrons to focus on their dining companions and on the food while the bustle of the kitchen and staff go on around them. The pork buns are delicious, the staff are friendly -- and impressively patient dealing with swelling crowds and with puzzling tourists alike -- and the food is overall outstanding. Some of the dishes, notably the chicken ramen, have too much salt for my taste: more salt than a glass full of beer (ah, the Hitachino Nest white ale) will offset!  The inventive use of delicious, well-sourced pork belly throughout the menu is one of the distinctive aspects of the restaurant. The spicy smoked chicken wings are appetizing, but as they cool become less tasty; order them if they are the only appetizer, perhaps. The baby octopus is delicious, and the portion was surprisingly large. The octopus had a delicate, smokey flavour that complemented the beers very well (or vice versa, I suppose). The high cost of Momofuku comes from the lengthy, anxious wait for a table or place at the beautifully-designed communal tables. The bill comes out around $35 per person, with a bottle of beer apiece.
Just like it's Ssam counterpart, the Noodle Bar is a must for a great comforting meal of old Chinese classics reinterpreted.  I had the veggie ramen, which was surprisingly bold and flavorful.  Tim had the Momofuku noodles and Jing opted for the kimchi stew.  We shared the famous buns and the brussel sprouts.  Everything was delicioius.  For a sweet finish, we ordered the ice cream on a cone, which my friend accurately described as the "most complex ice cream she's ever tasted."
This place is all about the Pork Buns. Everything else on the menu is average. Come by just for the Pork Buns. They are kind of expensive $9 Bucks for 2 Buns, but you have to try them. The atmosphere is loud, seating is crowded, service was pretty good. Ohh and if I didn't mention it before. Pork Buns...Pork Buns....PORK BUNS!!! :)
The space was beautiful, and the staff was friendly enough.  I enjoyed the tasting menu (skate wing was my favorite).  I have gripes about the dessert.  Pie crust ice cream?  Really?
Over-priced crap. The service is by far the best thing here and even that is sub-par. The taste and price are way over-rated by idiots (friends) who have no idea how much better noodles can taste when done right. I've tried everything at this place to give it a fair chance. It's just a place hyped up by a bunch of yuppies.  There is nothing here that would justify the price of the meals.
Oh yeah..came here for the fried chicken lunch and was not disappointed. Awesome platter of chicken and awesome condiment to customize your experience. Chicken was moist and the seasoning very good. It's not your typical fried chicken place and that makes it special too with the Asian twist of hood in and scallions. Just fantastic and a lot of fun.
THIS JUST IN: As of a week ago, Momofuku is doing a $30 prix fixe dinner which changes nightly and includes three courses plus soft serve for dessert. They're also doing a similar deal at lunch, except that one's $20 and includes two courses and soft serve. You can find out what's on offer each day here: momofuku.com/noodle/menu… I asked how long these deals would be around but the folks behind the counter weren't sure. That tells me one thing: get there before they're gone! After seeing Sin Nombre with my doppelgänger and my favorite Washingtonian last night at Sunshine Cinema we three were feeling a bit peckish. We wandered the Lower East Side for a bit but at 9:30 on a Saturday night, all suitable dining establishments were without available tables. We made our way northward to the East Village and decided on an old favorite: Momofuku. 10 minutes spent waiting outside and three seats at the bar later, we snapped up one prix fixe dinner special, two orders of pork buns, the beet salad and a side of kimchee. Feeling festive, my dining companions chose beer, while I opted for the house sparkling wine. Sharing all of this was a wonderful way to go. Unexpected deviations from epicurean norms were welcome: especially with the whipped-like yogurt (instead of the standard issue goat cheese) on the beet salad and the rhubarb gelee and black pepper dusted puffed rice served with the fluke. I thought I hated rhubarb. I found out last night at Momofuku that I enjoy it quite a lot! Probably the best bit about the new prix fixe menus is that you can order one and share it like we did. None of this stuffy "everyone at the table must order it" business. The super seasonality of everything we noshed on last night reminded me why I love Momofuku so much. And the rhubarb and shortcake soft serve ice cream sent us on our way with such a sweet note.
Overhyped. Yes, it's the hipster ramen house at a whopping $16 per bowl.  But get this, it's not as good as Ippudo (similar price) which boasts far more complex broth and characteristic styles of bowls. Momofuku wasn't just average, the ramen was very very salty.  And this comes from a guy who loves salty food. 2 bowls of ramen + 1 order of pork buns (which were amazing) + tap water = $57 after tip & tax.  What? If you want a great trendy ramen house go to Ippudo that does it much better. Or you can hit up any hole-in-the-wall authentic ramen joints in St Marks for $8-10.
Best pork buns ever (or at least out of all the pork buns I've had). The ramen was alright. The spicy miso ramen was average and a bit salty for me. But the scallion ginger ramen (doesn't have broth) was pretty good.
Went here to have the fried chicken meal. Which as I'm sure you know by now consists of vegetables and two fried chicken (One southern style, one korean style). We also had pork buns (really good) and the seven spice chips (decent). The chicken was much more than enough for the 5 people. Sometimes you go to a fancier more expensive place and expect really good food and understand that while the servings aren't small, they aren't big-fat-american huge. This meal is 2 plump chickens. It's a ton of food. Both sides looked a little off at first. The southern looked too dark and maybe burnt, and the korean just looked like huge buffalo chicken legs. I was wrong on both accounts. The southern was really good (Though maybe cooked just a little too long). The korean was better, tangier and stickier than you'd get at a smaller korean fried chicken place. In a good way. The meal was good, not great. Service was a little iffy, maybe a touch rushed? Brought the wrong drinks out one time then disappeared for a while before we could get it fixed. Cost was a little pricey as expected. I'm glad I tried it. But I don't think I'd go back for the chicken dinner. I'd rather go to a really good southern fried chicken joint one day and a korean fried chicken joint another. I would go back for some of the other dishes though, they looked very good.
Went here to reunite with an old friend from college this weekend based on the reviews and all the buzz I've heard about this place. We started with the steamed pork buns that had received rave reviews and they most certainly lived up to the hype. They were absolutely wonderful: tender pork meat with a nice spice to it (though not too spicy). After tredging through the city on a particularly cold day, both my friend and I opted for the ramen. I ordered the special Momofuku ramen bowl with pork and my friend ordered the regular ramen with chicken. Although the difference in price between mine and hers was $4 - I could not for the life of me determine what was so "special" about mine save for a poached egg added to the bowl. As reviewed before, the ramen is definitely on the salty side, but overall the rich broth and tender ramen noodles was the definition of comfort food for me that day. I understand this place is usually crazy-busy with a very long line but we had got there at a very awkward time of day (4:30pm on a Friday) so we were able to be seated right away. I'm not sure I would have enjoyed this as much if I had to wait and then pay $16 for a bowl of good but not spectacular ramen. If you find yourself in the back of a one-hour line for this place, I'd definitely rethink your dinner plans. Why I'd go back: those amazing steamed pork buns Why I'd go elsewhere: It's really hard to justify $16 for ramen.
Great food, awesome vibe, pretty expensive prices. The Food: - Ordered the Roasted Cauliflower with harissa, walnut, lemon... and it was literally THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD. This Cauliflower knocked my socks off and was unlike anything I have ever had at a restaurant. The Highlights: The harissa kicked the socks off the cauliflower and left me with some awesome sinus drainage. The bottom is coated with a light layer of yogurt that cuts the harissa kick. The cauliflower is roasted to a beautifully crisp charred outside and creamy inside. The walnuts add the perfect crunch and must be doused in crack or something because I just kept wanting more! - I also got the Spanish Mackerel Tataki - celery root, white miso, chestnut, and my friend got the Momofuku Ramen. Both fantastic, but after my love affair with the Cauliflower nothing else compared. That being said... if you're looking for the classic Momofuku experience, def get the Ramen. - Also licked up the pumpkin ale/pretzel soft serve for dessert... such an experience. The Atmosphere: Kick butt vibe. Momofuku noodle bar is the type of place you feel hip and cool just by being in. Everyone crams in around the bar or at small tables, while everyone else is waiting for upwards of an hour just to eat there. Loved it. The Service: Fast, prompt and they know their stuff. Definitely not laid back and fancy... but in my book this is a huge plus for eating at the Noodle Bar. The Price: This is the only part that leaves me not wanting to go back every night... I just simply couldn't afford it! While each individual plate isn't too bad (think 10-15), the portions are pretty small. Your best price bet is to go with the MASSIVE bowl of Ramen for around 15 bucks. Definitely got to eat here is you live in/sare visiting NYC!! - - - - - - - maggietalksloud.wordpres…
4 stars for the tamales.  and about 3 for the ramen.  Their ramen is alright, it's nothing great like people claim it to be.
All I can say is.. amazing late-night drunk food. My boyfriend and I split the prix fixe menu that they change nightly, as well as a bowl of ramen. - We received an amuse-bouche of sorts, which I don't really remember. - Crostini with pate - Simple enough. Artery-clogging pate with a cranberry jam of sorts and some wilted greens. The cranberry cut the fat of the pate quite well, while the greens added that a nice earthiness. - Sea scallop over black rice - Not my favorite. The scallop was perfectly cooked, but the black rice was almost inedibly salty. A nice Meyer lemon confit was also present, as well as microgreens, but the salt from the rice overwhelmed and ruined the dish for me. - Seared duck breast - The duck was perfectly cooked: pink in the middle with crispy skin. Delish. - Momofuku ramen - This is a contender for the best in the city. Perfect, milky, porky broth with a soft-boiled egg, straight-cut noodles, ginger and a sheet of nori. And of course, that glorious pork. This is a must-order. - Soft serve ice cream - I like the kitsch of the soft serve machine. We had a twist of mocha and peppermint, which was a nice complement to such an indulgent meal. Overall, Momofuku is decently priced. All of this totaled to about $45 for two, without drinks. Next time, we will try the fried chicken and pork buns, as I was drooling over the plates of the people sitting behind us. Sit at the bar if you can! You get to see all the action this way.
Just happened to be hungry and walked by this place and remembered how many reviews it got through yelp so I decided to try it out. It was 2:--pm on a friday and it was packed. Luckily(?) me and the bf got seats all the way in the back of the restaurant right next to the kitchen doors and bathroom. We both ordered the momofuku ramen cause hey if the name's in it, it's got to be good, right? Wrong. The ramen noodles were starchy and the soup was so mediocre. They give you two pieces of nori, a piece of pork belly, a small dried up piece of pork shoulder, a poached egg, some scallions and a small amount of what I believe is pickled vegetables for $16. My instant ramen at home tasted better than this.
After binge watching "The Mind of a Chef" on Netflix, which brought me into the mind of David Chang, I needed to get me some of his pork buns and ramen ASAP.   My group of 4 arrived shortly after the restaurant opened at 5:30 and the place was packed with a line at the door.  The estimate wait was 40-45 minutes but I was able to leave my number so they could text me when the table was ready.  I recommend getting a drink at the wine bar on the corner. I was texted after 30 minutes and we were seated at the bar facing the open kitchen.   Of course we ordered the pork buns in addition to the brisket and shrimp ones. I haven't had these in years but now I appreciate them even more after watching the show.  The pork belly bun had all the yummy fat and there were two slices in each bun.  The brisket bun was very meaty and a bit dry.  Shrimp bun contained a shrimp cake not whole shrimp, but was tasty nonetheless.  Because I ate the pork bun first, all I wanted was more of it.  Everything else pales in comparison. The Momofuku ramen was above average and was big enough to share.  It had a good amount of pork. I had a piece of pork in every bite.  The broth was flavorful but a bit heavy and it had somewhat of a smoky flavor.  Overall, it satisfied my ramen craving on that cold fall night. Suddenly, as we were chatting and enjoying our food, a huge platter of fried chicken was being carried to the table beside us.  Our waiter explained that it must be reserved in advance so we were out of luck.  However, it definitely convinced us to return.
It's only the second time I come here. The first time it was years ago, the very first week Momofuku opened. At the time it was just Momofuku, and I had a revelatory experience: I fell in love with pork belly. On a recent visit, I tried the Momofuku ramen: pork belly, pork shoulder (pulled meat), poached egg, seaweed. The noodles were good: of the right thickness, with a nice, chewy, consistency; just the way I like them. The broth, though, was a bit of a disappointment: while the pork shoulder meat was flavorful and juicy, the pork belly fell surprisingly fat. The meat was tender, but lacked in flavor and was overall bland. Also, I like my pork belly crisp on the outside, Ippudo-style. In the end I don't think that the execution of this dish justifies the rather steep price tag. Maybe what I want is a ramen dish with Momofuku-style noodles and Ippudo-style broth. Maybe I'm just not that much into ramen. Definitely not good for a date (too noisy) and not good for groups. Perhaps the best way to enjoy food here is sitting at the bar, something I always like. A-OK beer selection that includes one of my favorite beers: Lagunitas IPA. 2.5 stars.
Momofuku is one of the better places to get ripped off from. For some reason, the place was packed during the weekends and we had to wait about 40 minutes or so. First of all, their pork buns are a JOKE. They give you two bite size buns for about 9 dollars. Their main dish could of been finish in 3 bites while their ice cream is made for toddlers. My biggest gripe on this place is the portions of the food. If I didn't know better, this place is trying to steal Jenny Craigs business. This place is better than subways, better than the south beach diet, better than atkin, weight watcher or even Kayne's work out plan. I dare anybody to eat this trash for 30 straight days and not lose 30 pounds. Nothing is better than the Momofuku diet heading towards beautiful summer.   Oh yea and their beer comes in 6 ounce cans. What else do you need to know? Upon request from family members/friends and Ippudo: I have to take one star off and make it 2 stars total.
As a cali native, on the go in the hustle and bustle of bi-coastal work and eateries, I've made it a point to stop by this joint on my trips to NY.  A lot of people can say that the its overhyped and over-rated, but that is typically the price that any establishment and chef pays upon their introduction into the consciousness of mainstream "foodies." Expect to pay a boutique premium for some of the boutique ingredients and artistry that it has taken to create a serving list that blends the craft of traditional ramen ingredients and construction with the sensibilities and highbrow palette of the modern foodist.  (Executive Chef and Owner David Chang actually spent time at a Tokyo Ramen House to learn the craft after enrolling in traditional French Culinary Instruction.) While I do agree that sometimes the food can be a little salty, I've found it to be less so during off hours; go when its less busy and enjoy the pork bun (the one thing that I will always order when here).  As a Bay Area native with access to some really great Ramen Houses, I do have to say that it is worth taking the time to enjoy that hot bowl of ramen with Birkshire pork with some Tamarind Soda as a respite from the NYC cold...
I'm typing this as I'm still full from eating here an hour and a half ago. Don't you dream about their pork buns? Ohhh... me neither.
I don't think i would've ever tried this place if my boyfriend's mom hadn't gotten me a gift card for a meal. My boyfriend and i went last night around 6:30 (Monday) and there was no wait. there was plenty of seating and we chose to sit at the bar. We started with the oysters with spicy fennel which I thought was kind of pricey ($3 for ONE oyster) but it was surprisingly good. Very fresh and substantial. It came on a bed of what i think were seaweeds, and it basically had no taste. I guess it was really just garnish. The highlight of our meal, i think, was the pork buns. The incredibly tender pork wrapped in a fluffy white bun was perfectly offset by the sweet and tangy sauce and crunchy cucumbers. basically, it was amazing. i was a little put off by the grease dripping out of the buns after each bite but it wasn't enough to deter me from devouring the whole thing in 45 seconds. if my bf hadn't stopped me i would have gotten another order. I had the momofuku ramen, which i thought was mediocre. No surprises there - just your run of the mill japanese ramen. The fact that they charge $16 for this bowl of ordinary ramen was a little hard to swallow for me, but i enjoyed it nonetheless. the egg was necessary. it was perfectly poached and went very well with the bowl of ramen. I couldn't get through this bowl - although i enjoyed it, something was too much in the end. Too much salt? Too much pork grease? I'm not too sure - but I couldn't finish it. Oh and one more thing - we ordered a carafe of wine and i liked the wine but they serve it in the tiniest carafe ever with tinest drinking (not wine) glasses i've ever seen. they were more like those double shot glasses. I think the carafe would've really yielded about 2 regular glasses of wine. If i had known this i don't thin i wouldve paid the $21 for the carafe. This place would have gotten 3 stars if it hadn't been for the delicious pork buns. I think the price is a little outrageous for a bowl of ramen that I thought was mediocre - I much prefer Ippudo's. The service was fast, the staff friendly, and the food satisfactory. All in all, i thought it was a successful meal and I would definitely return!
I suppose this experience could have been better had two things been different.  1) had i been a pork-eater since apparently, the pork buns are to die for.  2) had the girl who was in charge of placing the spoons and pieces of seaweed in the bowls of noodles NOT used her gloved hands (purportedly for the sake of being sanitary) to check her phone in between being artistic with her seaweed placement.  CHANGE YOUR GLOVES! as for the noodles -  i had the ginger scallion noodles and all i tasted was ginger and salt.  eh.  i've had better at home.  i'm afraid this place might be a bit overrated.
My experience at Momofuku noodle bar was MEH.  It was highly recommended by a few friends, so we had to check it out while we were in NY.  We ordered their infamous pork buns (2 for $9).  It was very fatty but tasty. I would like it a little less fat.  In the war of pork buns between Ippudo and Momofuku, Ippudo wins, hands down, in my opinion.  We waited over 2 hours to be seated at Momofuku noodle bar.  It was already 10PM at that time.  We ordered beet salad (meh), pork buns (fatty but satisfying), foie gras (good but poor ducks), and roasted brussel sprouts (meh) as appetizers.  Then we got our ramen which were pretty standard.  I've had better ramen at half the price in SF.   One thing I did LOVE at this restaurant was the Yuzu Palmer soju.  It was frozen and absolutely delicious!
Delayed review; review for dinner during summer of 09. hamachi app: DELICIOUS, hybrid Korean & Japanese flavors Gimchee stew: wrong, the gimchee was too SWEET, and needed to be more ripe. ramen with pork: ridiculously good noodles (perfect texture) and sauce. ramen w/o broth: not good flavor but noodles good. wine: sauvignon blanc? was good I'd go back for the ramen. Service was eh.
The Ramen's fine; not the best in NYC. The atmosphere is terrible. Feel ilke cattle. Completely uncomfortable
Much has already been said about the food quality. Overall the food and experience were excellent. The ramen has a unique quality and flavor which makes it hard to compare to other more traditional preparations. The service was a little creepy, the servers were overly anxious to make sure you understood the nuances of the dishes, but at the same time halfhearted in other duties of basic table service. This place is listed with two dollar symbols. Three dollar symbols would probably be more accurate - because you end up buying appetizers, main, drinks, and possibly dessert.
Remember that Simpsons episode with Homer and the scalding stove? Touches flame "Doh!" Retouches flame "Doh!!" (Repeats 46 times) Replace flame with Momofuku Noodle Bar ramen. Orders ramen "Too Salty!" Reorders ramen "Still Salty!" (Repeats 46 times) When my dinner companion (WWF appetite for greaser MSG Chinese) complains of Momo's sodium issues, you know it's a problem.  My tongue also remains numb 17 hours later.  Note to D Chang: knock it off! Lesson learned: Stick with the 4-star $30 prix fixe.  Not only did our neighbors' 5 courses look enviously delicious, they were also comped a towering mountain bowl of spicy chicken.  "These are the best wings we've ever had.."  Did I mention foie was one of their courses?  Doh!
It is what it is, a noodle bar. The food is very good and my guest and I ate very well. We tried almost half the menu on our first visit and finished all but mouthfuls at the end. Now, try the noodles. The portions are good sized and the ingredients fresh. The appetizers are a good way to start with smaller portions and big flavors. The rest of the menu is pick to your liking and of course influenced by the seasons. Yes, after we got the bill I realized it is pricey or better, not cheap eats, but the food portions were good and cooked to my liking. If you are down on the east side, check it out if you can get in. Try as much as you can eat and like everything else, if you like it then you will recommend it and you will go back
The staff was great from beginning of the meal to the end, they were quick to refill a glass, answer questions, and even though the restaurant was packed, our food and drinks were brought over quick!     The pork buns were seriously one of the greatest things I've ever eaten.  I wish I could eat them every day. The Ramen was super flavorful, the two types of pork and egg were perfect with the flight of Sake we enjoyed with our meal.     I seriously can't wait to eat here again!
I was borderline on going here for a late night snack but I'm glad I did. The food was perfect & the place is cute/fun. I went with my sister & we shared 1 portion of everything. It was enough for us, although I could have eaten another portion of the pork buns, which are THE BEST pork buns ever! I will def. crave this when I'm back home in Cali. The pork belly practically melts in your mouth. Mmm. *Drools*. The cucumber was a great complement to the pork. Genius. The ramen was simple and delicious. Best ramen I've had yet. The pork shredded shoulder was so tender, and of course, I devoured all of the yummy pork belly. Soju "Flor de Jamaica" slushie was good & refreshing. I love Jamaica and Soju so the combo was great. Soft serve ice cream was interesting. Got the "Twist"--Olive Oil and Pickled Cherry Flavor. I actually thought they taste pretty similar. It reminded me of frozen yogurt since it was a litte tart. I enjoyed it. Minus 1 star for price & for the rude guy behind the counter who told us to turn our flash off when taking a picture of the soft serve. There are obviously other pictures on Yelp with flash. & what about special occasions.. are people not allowed to take photos? Annoying. I wll def. come back here next time I'm in the city. Love it!
How can anyone not like this place? I literally have dreams involving the ramen and I haven't been here since my last NYC visit 2 years ago. Only had the chicken ramen and the pork ramen, but oh my lord they are good. If you are hung over, this is the BEST food in the world.
Honestly I was hoping that this would be one of those life changing experiences, but all I got was over priced salty ramens.  I think I can make a  better ramen from those store bought Nong Shim noodles....
Get there early because there will be a line. I went with six other people, and all of us raved about the food. We wanted the chicken dinner but we couldn't get a reservation. The steamed pork buns, chicken wings, and rice cakes were among the highlights although everything was delicious. Anyone who's anyone needs to try this restaurant!!
The pork buns and chilled spicy noodles were worth the wait for a Friday dinner rush.
Overpriced and overrated.  I LOVE salty food, but this ramen broth was WAY too salty.  Furthermore, it wasn't flavorful (other than the salt).  Friends say they liked the noodles themselves, but I didn't find them to be anything special.  Also, it was hard to overcome the saltiness of the broth, so I couldn't bring myself to like the noodles.
Pork buns... great. Ramen... great. Seating process... godawful. We ate at Ko last time we ere in NYC and loved it, so we figured we'd try the more casual noodle bar. We got there around 7:30, put our name in, and waited.... and waited... (oh good, the guy who put his name in 15 min after us is sitting down!) and waited.... finally we left and went to get a drink around the corner. We finally returned around 10:30 and sat right down. Overall the meal was good - the food was great, but the drinks kind of sucked. I got a beer and she got one of the cider slushies - this think tasted like someone had stuck and entire ginger root in there. Between the overwhelming ginger and how sweet it was, I couldn't help her finish. Overall, if I'm drinking in the east village and get hungry, I'd return for some pork buns. However, I wouldn't stand in line and wait for dinner.
I think David Chang rewrote the apostle's creed to include believing in pork buns and and momofuku ramen. I became a convert when I entered the alter of noodles and tasted the manna. I wanted to run and tell it on a mountain, but since there are not any mountains in NYC, I can only run n' tell it on yelp. I went alone for lunch, and eeked into a seat at the bar without waiting. Bowls of ramen graced the chef's counter awaiting their accoutrements, the cherry on top being the slow-poached egg gently placed by nimble fingers. Never before had I wished a bowl of ramen deeper and wider. The noodles taste of dedication and attention, the flavor of the broth perfectly salted, though requires personally added hot sauce. This signature dish deserves all of its fame and much more to come. The pork buns of worldwide repute also hit the spot, and delivered the perfect coup de gras (blow of fat). They are these perfect open-faced pork buns that made me squeal like a piglet with their thick dough, slightly crispy exterior, and silky smooth interior. They also are perfect with a kick of hot sauce. A Coney Island Lager was the perfect accompaniment, though there are about seven other excellent beers on hand to consider. Service was superb-personable and attentive. Sitting at the noodle bar was a perfect Tampopo moment I hope to relive soon. Give us today our daily pork bun and ramen, and the world would be a better place.
OMG... the pork buns are sooooo good. I'm Asian and I don't even like pork buns but these are the best.  If you don't mind the fattiness.  Yum! Other than that.. I think the food is okay.. but nothing outstanding.  And yes, you'll probably have to wait in line for this trendy spot.  And yes, the portions are tiny so you'll probably have to order 2-3 things per person. But get the pork buns!!!
Best pork buns ever. Ginger, scallion noodles tasted fantastic but i was expecting something warm and liquidy from the noodle bowl menu - apparently only the ramen comes with broth. Service was reasonable, if a bit fresh. Nice atmosphere, busy, shared tables, loud.
Walked by this place and decided to step in based upon the crowds I found outside. Sat at the bar and ordered up the Momofuku Ramen and Pork Buns. (Friend's recommendation after I notified her I was there.) The place is packed with crowds of people waiting outside. As other reviewers have noted, the pork buns are awesome. I had zero expectations and the two buns that arrived each had a big slice of pork on top.  Now some people might be turned off by this since it's essentially pork fat on bao... but hmm hmm hmm - it's good. I'll have to say that I though the ramen was ok. Can't say it was the best but it was simply basic and decent. But for ramen and pork buns, my bill was ~$30.   Wasn't the I'd expect to pay for that type of meal. But it's NY and trendy. Guess that's what I paid for.  The wait staff was attentive and polite. Good place to visit if you don't mind the wait.
Terrible. Disappointing. Overrated. Overpriced. Overcrowded.  It is shameful they pride themselves on their Ramen.   Seriously, I should have stayed my azz home and would have had a better ramen dinner if I made it myself (and I don't even cook!!!)  Certainly could have saved my $50 with this sub par Noodle Bar.   My friend and I shared a shitake bun (which was good).  The mushrooms were sauteed and seasoned very well.  My love is the pork belly bun, however decided against it when I saw the next table with it.  The pork belly looked dry and sliced too thick.   The noodle of my momofuku ramen was barely cooked, the egg was too raw, and the pork belly was plain and unflavored, not to mention dry and tough.  Ugh, I would have to agree with fellow yelper Tiffanie, my dad would kick my azz too if he found out I paid $16 to eat ramen.   Ippudo wins this challenge - hands down!
My wife and I visited NY for our Valentine's wknd and Momofuku was our first stop. We've been here previously and I absolutely love the pork buns. For me, the juicy, melts-in-your-mouth pork buns are the real reason to go to this restaurant.  We tried the ramen noodles, and spicy rick cakes, and these were not good at all. You can get better, tastier food in your hole in the wall korean restaurant for less than half the price. Next time, I will just get about a dozen pork buns and take double dose of my lipitor and get the heck outta there.
I had to make a new review.... because I FINALLY did the fried chicken dinner. What a feast! I highly recommend. I went with a group of 8 and we truly enjoyed ourselves. The fried chicken is delicious! Both kinds are yum. I preferred the simpler/buttermilk biscuit covered kind but others at the table preferred the Korean style. They also serve the chicken with scallion pancakes that you use to wrap the chicken in with some veggies (lettuce/carrots/radish) that they bring, along with four different types of sauces. The sauces include a hoisin-type sauce, a sweet/sour, scallion and soy/scallon (I'm probably butchering the names), but they all tasted very different and yum. Overall - definitely do the chicken dinner if you have the chance! But make sure to reserve online weeks in advance.... Oh I love this place.
We came here tonight for the chicken dinner. While the chicken was cooking we ordered the pork buns. The balance really was skewed towards and overly sweet palate, having a sweet bun you would think the sauce of the pork would be fairly mild but doubling up on this made it a bit harder to swallow, the rest of my group loved it again but that's for them to comment on. Presentation of the chicken two ways was reasonable. The Southern style was quite dry with the skin coating far too salty. The Korean style was overall better tasting even with my dissonance with Korean food. The wings were appetizingly moist and if I extrapolate, the coating would be quite fine also. The mixed seasonal salad was a little sad, looking thrown together without much thought. The pancakes were a little tough. Although the state of food was rather poor, I didn't really have complaints about the service. I might come back and try the ramen but that would be all.
The shiitake bun and my soft served pretzel, sweet potato swirl were excellent, but my noodles... not so much. I got the ginger noodles and although they weren't awful I anticipated that they'd be far better since the focus of the restaurant is noodles. Overall I was a bit disappointed and would take Totto Ramen over Momofuku any day.
Severely overhyped.  Came here because my beloved X'ian Famous Foods was closed, and we had come all the way out to that area. Paid twice as much as a normal bowl of ramen for the Momofuku Ramen.  Luckily, I was splitting with my husband, because it wasn't very good.  The noodle texture was fine, but the broth and toppings lacked flavor.  It wasn't even that big of a portion, honestly. Decided to order a dessert because they were serving stuff from the Momofuku Milk Bar -- it was a strawberry cracker ice cream, which was too salty and gross.  I normally think some salt is fine in a dessert, but they must have gotten too excited about it. Gross, overrated, never going again.  David Chang should be ashamed for himself for allowing such highway robbery for mediocre products.
Even with David Chang's empire ever growing by leaps and bounds, Momofuku Noodle Bar, the oldest of Chang's restaurants, will always likely be the most accessible of them all. Serving noodles (which seems to have a universal appeal) and, of course, those famous pork buns will see to that. However, since it came on the scene in 2004 and helped usher in the ramen craze, Noodle Bar and the Momofuku restaurant group as a whole have veered away from the primary focus of serving noodles (ironically).  Now, other ramen shops in the East Village (and across the city for that matter) have flexed their muscles, established footholds, and have wrested control of the ramen subculture. Despite the current state of affairs and despite being overshadowed by various small plate offerings now on the very menu in which it appears, ramen is, of course, served in an undeterred manner at Noodle Bar (as it probably always will be).  It is a "noodle bar" after all; and, in fact, of all the prominent ramen shops in town, it is still the only one that has named a version for itself (in the form of the "Momofuku Ramen"), which features what else?  Pork (indeed, some of the best Berkshire pork shoulder and pork belly to be exact).   This selection of pork is tucked into the sides of a large serving bowl and happily intermingles with a garnish of chopped scallions, coins of fishcake, planks of bamboo or, alternatively, little wedges of napa cabbage.  A gleaming poached egg, revealing a runny yolk inside, adds a finishing touch.       The noodles themselves are medium thick, al dente, and toothsomely chewy.  The broth, which is made from a bacon dashi stock that is bolstered by ham hocks and chicken bones, has a thin consistency and an overwhelmingly smoky flavor that devotees of soyu, shio, or tonkotsu broths may not enjoy.  Love it or leave it, it most definitely has David Chang's affinity for pork written boldly all over it. As for the other items on the menu, Ty Hatfield and Sean Heller, chefs de cuisine at Noodle Bar, provide a mix of seasonal offerings (highlighted by an array of those aforementioned small plates, which are found under the heading of "daily" and "sides") and a few other types of noodle "bowls" as well.   Of these, the Brussels sprouts with spätzle, sausage, and mustard notably stand out.  The plump, texturally confident spätzle lead the charge as a host of mashed Brussels sprouts and spicy clusters of boneless Berkshire pork complement the little nodules of spätzle in a coating of lively mustard.   The chilled spicy noodles, which are one of the non-ramen "bowl" offerings, feature the same toothsome ramen noodles.  They are served cold under a lather of Sichuan chili oil and a topping of that same spicy boneless Berkshire pork (along with leaves of baby spinach, and candied cashews).  The assemblage soars with tasty points and counterpoints as the pliable spicy noodles, tender, robust pork, and sweet crunchy cashews bring out the best in one another. Ultimately, Momofuku Noodle Bar will unlikely relinquish its hold on the public's imagination anytime soon.  With its ramen still drawing curious attention and other parts of its decidely fusion-inspired menu laying a strong foundation, Noodle Bar will remain a potent force for a long time to come.
So I have been waiting YEARS to try this place.  Every time I am in NY I want to go, but I never get around to it for one reason or another.  So finally I get to go with a group of people too!  First disappointment, no fried chicken dinner.  They only have 5 available reservations per day! Wao what a disappointment :( The pork buns? Definitely not as good as everyone make them out to be.  Sakaya Kitchen in Midtown Miami makes them in a similar fashion and they taste better and are cheaper.  Chicken wings? "eh".  Noodles?  Were ok, but not worth the price.  In this area there are a ton of other noodle shops, cheaper and tastes better too!  The only plus was the seven spiced chips...and that's about it.  Skip it and head one block over in either direction for a better noodle house!
I went for lunch today and I left thinking and feeling like EH... I guess I should tell everyone that I do not eat pork or red meat sooo that seriously lessens my food options. Take a look at what I got. Lychee Soju. Deelish. I ordered a small just to be on the safe side just in case I didnt like it but I was pleasantly surprised. It's basically a Lychee Soju smoothie I can definitely seeing myself slurping down a few of those during hot summer days. The roasted beets with  lemon, horseradish, capers was good but not something I would order again. I ordered pork buns and shrimp buns. The shrimp buns were amazing! I didn't eat the pork buns but from my hubby's smile he loved it. Lastly, I had the ginger scallion noodles - pickled shiitakes, cucumber, cabbage, and added chicken for additional $3 dollars. I think i would have enjoyed my ramen noodles if I had broth. All of the broths at Momofuku are made with a pork broth so it completed ruined my experience here. I wish I would have known. I assumed that if you order a vegetarian soup you get a vegetarian broth? Guess not. I left Momofuko unsatisfied. What a bummer especially when you want to chow down on some great ramen noodles. I hope this review helps ya!
Chilled spicy ramen.  It almost seems too simple, like some crazy thing I'd have thrown together in more broke times:  firm ramen, crumbled sausage, candied cashews, topped with raw spinach.   But, oh my lord, there is nothing typical or simple about this dish.  The flavors are intense and complex, creating an inferno in your mouth. I loved this dish so much that I took the excess to go and kept it in my hotel fridge, snacking on it for the next day and a half - that's how much I liked it.
Momofuku is hands-down one of my favorite restaurants in all of NYC! I always get the soy egg, shiitake buns and the ginger-scallion noodles. I can't even explain how much I love this place. Whenever I have an visitor from out of town, I without fail take them to Momofuku Noodle Bar and they all leave happy. I don't get all these haters.
The fried chicken is unreal especially the Korean fried chicken....the month long wait is well worth it. Especially on 4/20 for lunch ;)
If you like proper Japanese-style ramen, this is the best I've had outside of Japan (and is better than a lot of it in Japan).   Most of the low reviews seem to be about meeting some perceived expectation.   The prices are pretty fair for NYC and you'll be filled up for under $25 with some delicious food.
Pork buns are awesome as is the kimchi stew, which they are nice enough to make even though it's not on the menu.  One of my fave places in NYC.
Good food but probably a bit pricey for the whole package. Crowded and very loud so conversation is nigh impossible. I was seated away from the bar resulting in being frequently knocked by staff and other diners trying to pass. While the food was quite good it wasn't enough to overcome the other limitations so won't return. The staff were friendly but spread thin - a management issue I suspect.
Soya ramen Positives: *Best soya broth I have had in New York * Toppings are better than most places (I prefer the potato and tofu toppings at Misoya) *Poached egg is a nice change from the hardboiled type * Genius idea of adding a slice of pork belly instead of char siu Cons: *Broth could have been a bit warmer * Perpetual wait no matter what time you get there (minus one star) Best pork belly buns; there's a bit more fat in Momofuku's but that's how I like it. I still prefer the wavy egg noodles at Ramen Ya. I wanted to make sure I still felt this way so I visited both places within a week; Ramen Ya's noodles are tender and have a bite to it.
Ever since Ippudo's arrival, Momofuku seems to have fallen out of favor with the pretentious-about-ramen crowd, but I still enjoy it. It's probably among the most "inauthentic" you can find, but hey, it's still a great big bowl of slick, chewy, very clean-tasting noodles and delicious pork, with a nice little poached egg thrown in there too (reminder: poached eggs can improve just about anything). Sure, you may have to turn in your Ramen Hipster card by only waiting half an hour to eat here instead of waiting 16 hours for Ippudo, but if you're okay with being a pariah a big heap of satisfying, slurpy noodles will be your reward. The pork buns are also a treat, though much as I hate to admit it, Ippudo's still has the edge, and I don't see them being unseated in that department anytime soon. Man, I can't believe Momofuku is no longer the "hip" ramen joint (let alone that there's even such a thing as a hip ramen joint). 2006-me would be spinning in his grave.
Great noodle place! Steamed pork buns are INCREDIBLE. They aren't like the typical, stuffed pork buns. Rather, these are more like little open pork sandwiches, with pork bun-like bread. They are quite fatty, and have a plum sauce that makes them delicate and melt in your mouth. Got the kimchi in a little jar. It's ok. I've had better kimchi at a deli. I got the Momofuku ramen, with noodles, pork belly, a poached egg, and a bunch of other good stuff. Great ramen. Definitely had to add hot sauce though, which was at the table. The hot sauce is much better than average hot sauce. Then we got these little chocolate chip truffles (they remind me of Munchkins). AMAZING! There was a half hour wait to get in, and there's no reservations (unless you have a party of 48). The place itself has a weird, incoherent sense of style. There's lots of wood paneling everywhere, a giant picture of cowboys on the wall, and all the servers wear hoodies. There was nothing Asian about it.
Overrated by far. My friend and I have been wanting to try Momofuku for a while, but the reservations are always out of control. Coming back from Brooklyn one night, we decided to stop over there for dinner around 9 hoping that the wait wouldn't be too long and it wasn't for once! We probably waited about 15 minutes or so. There's nothing special about the decor or atmosphere here. I like that they're all communal tables, but it's a little cramped in there to begin with do you just feel like you're squished in the in the way. ANYWAY on to the food. We had the pork buns to start with. They were good. The prokw as juicy and tasted great. I would add the hot sauce they give you. Gives it a nice little kick. We also got the 7 spice chips because we were intrigued and they were also good. Now onto the most important thing, the ramen. I ordered the beef shank ramen andddd it ended up not being ramen. Maybe i misread it, but this came with extremely wide noodles that were kind of thick. There were peppers in it, half an eff, some other veggies, and a bit of beef shank .. sadly underwhelming. My friends had actual ramen. The broth for the momfuku ramen was way too hammy as i described it. The noodles themselves were ok. We left there unimpressed and kind of wishing we went back to Ippudo instead. Expected more considering people wait forever for seats. Le sigh.
The fried chicken calls my name..long live David Chang! It is all about the Fried Chicken Dinner!! And the pork buns of course!! Most of these reviews are about the ramen which is good but comparable to others in the city. The fried chicken dinner is a must so set a reminder for 10 a.m. and get on their website and pray to the gods for a reservation.
4 stars for the food.  2 stars for the service. We arrived around 630-7pm on a Sunday, and we didn't have to wait very long.  However, they absolutely won't seat you until your entire party is there.  No exceptions.  This makes sense, since the place is so small, but they actually kicked us out of a table since we were missing one person WHO WAS A COUPLE BLOCKS AWAY.  Prior to this, they had kicked 2 people out of their table to move them elsewhere for a bigger party.  I guess the hostess just needs a lesson in seating.  The server had better customer service, thank goodness. Food was awesome.  As said in other reviews, they had a TINY Prix Fixe four course special for $30 (tiny salad, tiny soup, tiny chicken dish that was the size of my palm, and tiny-er soft serve ice cream in a mini cup).  My BF and I split this, and we had just enough food after we added an order of Pork Buns - MMMM.  Definitely not filling without a side order of something, but definitely delicious! I did get to taste the Momofuku ramen, which is big enough for 2 people.  It was also awesome- the broth is so yummy and the poached egg was cooked perfectly.  It looked so good I wanted to order one for myself!  Maybe next time. Overall a cute trendy place, and I would definitely come again with our entire party present!  I'm still craving the ramen!
I'd say this was fantastic. The only thing is that the appetizers and drinks are too pricey. But the ramens were all amazing and unique. The pork buns are definitely among the city's best. You do have to wait for a table basically no matter what, but they'll text you when your table is almost ready so we went to a nearby bar to chill.
Visiting from Los Angeles. We have ramen noodle bars there. This is much much much better.  The pork buns are amazing - decadent, and delicious.  Plan on completely blowing your diet if you're on one - this is one of those times that it's worth it.  The Kimchi was a bit too sweet for my taste, but still good.  Pork belly Ramen bowl was good - finished all three courses (was splitting at the seams), along with some Japanese sake.  Go here.
Legendary new-wave ramen. Pork buns are great too.
Noodle Bar is known for its ramen and pork buns. The atmosphere is hectic and always packed. If you want to eat here then you will have to wait... you want to wait.
pork buns!
as both a ramen and a Milk Bar devotee who's also had great experiences at Ssam Bar, Ma Peche, and Booker & Dax, i was excited to try Noodle Bar for the first time about a year ago. i loved the snacks - especially the soy eggs and the rice cakes - but i wasn't crazy about the ramen itself. i ordered the Momofuku ramen and while i loved the noodles, i wasn't really into the broth. i think there was a fishy element to it that other people might like but tends to bother me, since i'm not a fish eater. i might have been expecting a richer, creamier broth, too. however, i tried again recently, this time ordering the spicy miso ramen, and i really liked it! same excellent wavy noodles, but the flavors in the broth and the toppings - bacon, spinach, egg, scallion, sesame - just to name a few that i remember, were much more appealing to me. i will definitely be back, and i will give the Momofuku ramen another try, since I know that ramen broth tends to taste different on different days. service was excellent too - all the people i met seemed very invested in making sure the experience was great! avoid peak lunch/dinner hours if you don't want to wait.
Second time around, the food was much better and hair-free. Spicy noodles are my favorite- such a standout and very happy heat.
Tried the spicy miso ramen, meh... way too salty for my taste. Ippudo does it way better. Ordered a soft serve for dessert, but it tasted a bit weird too. The restaurant is just not very impressive in general.
Momofuku is worth the wait. You absolutely have to try the pork buns.  Definitely best ever. They also have pork buns at the Milk Bar a couple of blocks down.  So what my aunt and I did was go to the Noodle bar, put our names down, and walk to the Milk Bar for pork buns as appetizers.  When we returned to the Noodle bar, it was almost our time to be seated anyways.   As for the ramen, i thought the noodles were the perfect consistency and thickness.  The broth was a little salty, but so are all the broths in all the ramen places in the city.
I am surprised to see a 3.5 star rating for this restaurant!  The ramen here is fantastic (if all you know of ramen is the $1 package in the supermarket, then you will be amazed). I love the shitake buns too. So while I really do like the food, the noise levels, communal tables, and price definitely scale things back.  Granted when I go I know about the noise and the tables, so I can't take points off for these things since they are subjective.  However, the prices are definitely way too high. I don't eat at Momofuku Ssam because everything there seems to have pork which I don't eat... but if you haven't tried one of these, I'd say make the trip.
I'm coming back for MORE! Even though I have to travel all the way across the entire country to do so! Ramen and kimchee and pork buns... Oh My! I still need to try the Fried Chicken; I'm excited to compare it to some of my favorite New Orleans places... gotta be hard to beat but I've been hearing great things!
We don't need review #1148 to know that Momofuku's food is consistently amazing.  BUT the world should know that I'm in love with the chilled spicy noodles (cold ramen, spinach, spicy ass sausage, candied cashews and a warmed, spicy as hell chili oil).  This thing is a bowl FUCKIN AWESOME.  This plus the bottle of Brooklyn Local 1 I shared with my girlfriend would qualify as a suitable last meal...like of my life...yes, I might choose this.
The ramen in this place, is you should try and don't forget the pork bun... You don't need to take my word.. Try it for yourself... You'll agree... Happy eating.
Ate at the new location. Pork buns - excellent, fried sweet breads (glands) were good, chicken wings very good, and beef neck ramen - very good. Overall experience was great, excellent service. Go early, otherwise there is a wait.
After watching Mind of a chef and bouncing around the city looking for ramen shops, I finally made it to Noodle Bar.  Note we got a reservation via the fried chicken dinner and I didnt try the Ramen (it was so hot an humid outside).  The fried chicken was amazing and out table of 5 inhaled it.  The pork buns were delicious (my first) and the soy egg was delicious.   Fried Chicken:bring 8 people it is a lot of food and amazing Ambience: fun crowded but our table was waiting and they sat me before the rest of my party Everything else: delicious and enjoyable and for the price was a memorable dinner.   I want to go back for the Ramen but the lines could deter me and that is why 4 stars.
My mini milestone No. 400 goes to Momofuku and one of the most celebrated chefs in New York. Folks in the food scene have probably heard of David Chang, a chef famous for his culinary reputation and at the same time infamous for his enigmatic, supremely confident, and refreshingly honest personality.  He gives nothing short of his honest take (with F Bombs to boot), not empty canned responses like ARod. A few years back, for example, Chang weighed in on the SF-NY food rivalry by (jokingly in my view) mocking Bay Area cuisine as simply "figs on a plate," which, of course, drew the ire of foodies from my hometown (foodgal.com/2009/10/take…).  Then just recently, Chang boldly declared SF's Benu as the best restaurant in the US.  Check it out:  huffingtonpost.com/2011/…. Anyway, we need to lighten up.  Were comparing food, not curing cancer.  If we take words to heart, we might just miss out on some of the best food in NY.   Take Momofuku's pork buns, for example.  The fatty slices of pork wedged between those perfectly steamed buns are just ridiculously good, with such robust flavors.  It was hard for me to imagine pork buns better than the ones I previously raved about from Ippudo, but, by golly, Chang's are even better.  Definitely legit. Sadly, however, I was disappointed with the ramen, so much so that I considered downgrading my rating to three.  The broth was bland and even had a burnt aftertaste, like liquid toasted bread.  The poached egg was easily the best part.  I wont harp on it, but I just expected something way out of the ordinary.   Also, props to the well trained staff who tag teamed on the service and never stopped paying attention no matter how busy it got.   It's likely that I'll find my way back to Momofuku at some point (definitely at Chang's other Momofuku spots).  But if someone can find a way to combine the ramen from Ippudo and the pork buns from Momofuku, I'll be there sooner rather than later.
Probably more a destination restaurant ("Yeah of course I went to a David Chang restaurant when I visited NYC") than a tasty restaurant. Of course, the ramen is the go-to item here. Unfortunately for all the Chang-fanboys/girls, Totto and Ippudo still do ramen better. I can't even say the famed Momofuku pork buns are that great. Still, you gotta order 'em. Basically when you come to Noodle Bar, you're fighting with 20+ food tourists to eat only above-average ramen and pork buns. Cya there!
They won't put your name on the list unless your whole party is there but will text you when your table is almost ready. I would come back for the jerk beef tendon salad, the huge pieces of pork on their bun, the smoked chicken wings, and the soju slushies! (Also, the pre-ordered fried chicken looked amazing) The ramen has a lot of good pieces. I like the cabbage, poached egg, solid pork... but the noodles itself were okay and the soup was nothing special, even slightly sub-par. Fun modern atmosphere though.
I just overdosed on pork belly. It's a pretty good way to go if you ask me. I've been here twice, both times pretty good. This is after trying to get in countless amount of times. The trick is to go later at night and not in a posse. There are certain things on the menu that make me scratch my head, like the hanger steak I had the other night with black beans and tomatoes. It was a great piece of meat, but it didn't make sense in the realm of ramen, kimchi and pork buns. I feel like I've had better ramen noodles before, but everything else in the bowl was great. Especially the perfectly poached egg. The pork belly buns always blow me away but since there's two more pieces of it in the ramen, it gets to be way too much. Even I know there's a stopping point when dealing with pork belly. The prix fixe menu is a good sized portion - even better when you split it with a friend and get something else off the menu too. It's a solid place. The best items seemed to be the ones that feel like they belong in Momofuku. More pork buns please!
Pork burns FTW! mmmmmmmm The food I've had here is mmmmmmm.
pork buns steal the show. got bi bim gook soo (cold spicy noodles) - was disappointed. Friend got ramen - was disappointed.. but we did eat 2 plates of pork buns to make up for it..
This restaurant is good, but its not amazing relative to what you an get  in NYC.  I tried their famous pork buns and they are good, but they are nothing new.  Its actually the same as the duck buns in Chinese restaurants except that they use pork belly  and have added cucumbers~~ but the taste is mostly determined by the sauce ( hoisin sauce) which is used in both the Chinese duck buns and their " original" pork buns. SO it's like eh... Their Momofuku ramen was slightly disappointing for a restaurant with over 1100 reviews on yelp. Ippudo tops their soup by far. But all in all, its not bad....great not a whoooooa..
Each time I take an out of town guest here they love it. The space is modern, clean, and simple. The food is very flavorful and tasty. Naturally, the pork buns are a great starter. I have tried the ramen, but I prefer the ginger scallion noodles. However, You have to come at the right time; otherwise, the wait is kind of ridiculous.
It wasn't bad, but didn't live up to expectations. The pork buns, griddled pork belly with hoisin on mantou buns, were tender and delicious after being doctored with some sriracha. The beet salad was tiny, but had good flavors. Mackerel sashimi was forgettable and tiny, hanger steak was equally small but packed much more flavor. The special Momofuku ramen was huge and hearty, but had very little pork or distinctive flavor, and also needed some sriracha. I don't think I'd return, there are better places to eat in the East Village.
I was excited to try this place after several suggestions. We got here just in time before a real crowd filled the place. It's small with close seating but it adds to the lively vibe. We started out with the smoked chicken wings which had unique flavors. I'm pretty sure I ate them all. We also started with the Snap Peas. Um, yum! I tried a pork bun, and although I know how fabulous they are, they just aren't for me. I can't do the fattier parts. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen with pork belly and shoulder in it. It was so filling and oh-so-comforting! For dessert, I had the Ritz cookie out of curiosity. Perfect ending to a delicioius meal!
This is how David Chang's legend has start in my life. After my first incursion in David Chang's kingdom I think you can find better Ramen out of here. Momofuku's is really good, don't get me wrong, but not the best. Obviously much, much better than the noodles invented for the one from who Chef David took the name, Momofuku Ando. What really got me here was the rest of the dishes. Very surprising, totally capture my attention. The dressing, the side elements and the flavor combinations just works naturally.   City of NY, a group of 6 people reach Momofuku Noodle Bar. Open kitchen where cooks in their cook uniforms are preparing the food; clear wood tables and blackboard with the menu written down. Now we know that the place is less busier after 8pm, at least on Sunday, and I bet Friday and Saturday is better go even later; next time I'll step by 9 or so trying to avoid the 40 min waiting. Mental note: We stop by Momofuku Ssäm Bar afterwards, 10ish and there was several tables available. Party of 6-8 can be seated. Also space at the bar. Ok So we got spots anyway at the bar, with tall stools, clear wood, hangers for bags/jackets under the bar table and in front of the waitress which was an advantage since she was hearing our comments about how amazing is this, blah blah and so answering right the way how they made it so amazing. She suggested the most demanded dishes and the ones that she most like and so we follow her recommendations The $30 4 course dinner is a very good option, but you will miss some of the most creative dishes so best if you go with a group and order this menu and other things to share .. or just go several times.. or do both things... (and please call me when you planning to go..) We were really really full with what we order in part because everything was really rich in flavor. The prix fixe menu included Parsnip soup, Poached Cod, Roasted Duck Breast and dessert.  The soup was really interesting, very rich and heavy, creamy texture and an intense pork flavor with a light spicy touch.. guess why: Parsnip+ pancetta+ apple+ chilli oil. The cod was very fresh. Texture wise is not the best poached I have get. What makes this dish special is the whole composition with nugget potatoes, fennel and red miso. Very well balanced flavor, tasty and lightly spicy and the nugget potatoes was roasted so delicious, in a way that reminds me Mediterranean style The Momofuku Ramen was better than Ippudo for me. But Menchanko-Tei (the one at 45th street) is still my number one. Ippudo is better in terms of noodle texture but the broth is better at Momofuku, the flavor is more delicate and the poached egg instead boiled is the great improvement. I loved the Ginger Scallion Noodles, with greens cucumber and menma (lactate-fermented bamboo shoots.. new ingredient for me). The ginger was there but just barely noticeable. Is not a soup, I think it was a soup and the noodles were cooked in a small amount of broth, until it gets evaporated concentrating all the flavor in the pasta. Well, just try to find an explanation. It was so good. What totally trap me, however, was: first, the Shiitake Steamed Buns; the buns were amazingly soft and juicy because the stuffing with sauteed Shiitake, tasty as heaven, firm and crispy outside; second, the Sauteed Tuscan Kale with fennel pickled crosnes in pork broth: crosnes..?? I never had it before. is this a kind of pasta semi-cooked? delicious. And the broth... David knows how to handle pork. Looks like he has reach a perfect way to make a basic broth/sauce for all the dishes adding just different combinations of elements depending which is the main ingredient. And finally, the Roasted Rice Cakes with roasted onions, red chill pepper and sesame. Crunchy and sweet-spicy; texture and flavor makes them different. My korean heart beat so crazy.. ehem.   For dessert sweet potato and pie crust soft serve with small roasted marshmallows, which was, in terms of flavor, a not-that-sweet but amazing finding for me If the less rated of the Momofukus induce in me this enthusiasm.. I'm already buzzing about the other ones. Destination: Momofuku Ko, stepping by Ssäm Bar. Ko is the one that serves this Shaved Foie gras, which taking a foodie-friend's words "will make you forget anything else you ate before" . Ok David, show me what else are you able to do.
So the big question is Momofuku or Ippudo? Pork Buns?: Momofuku. it's $2 more but totally worth it in pork belly portion. Ramen?: Ippudo. Noodles are better, soft boiled egg add another texture that isn't mushy to bowl unlike Momofuku where they used poached. Highly recommend a bottle of Session beer, don't forget.
Visiting New York from Denver meant indulging in in ramen noodles whenever possible. We hit two other ramen dives before seeking Momofuku on the last day in the East Village on a recommendation from a local friend.  I ordered the Momofuku Ramen, and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Ramen. Both were about $12-$14, and the beer we ordered was $8! Highpoints: Great Decor, spotless dining room and open kitchen, nice beer selection.... Oh, and the chicken pieces in the Chicken Ramen. Yep, that's about it! Lowpoints: Broth, noodles, amount of vegetables in the ramen, location, prices!! ***However, were this place in Denver I'd give it a 4,  because we've got nothin in the Mile High City.
I had heard delicious things about Momofuku so I had to give it a try. I was warned about the long lines, but I arrived mid afternoon and was immediately seated. The menu is quite simple. I noticed one table with a huge platter of chicken which I later found out was the special Fried Chicken Dinner (only available through reservations). I ordered the ramen with poached egg, pork belly, and pork shoulder. We also gave the smoked chicken wings a try and also the prix fixe menu that included steamed buns with ham, spicy shrimp ramen and soft serve for dessert. I was not impressed with the steamed buns; however, I heard the bun with pork belly is supposed to be much better than the one with ham we got. The smoked wings were cooked sous vide and were very tender. Definitely a new flavor I haven't tasted before and would order again. Now for the ramen. Soooo good. The broth. The fatty pork belly slices. The gooeyness of the poached egg. It was definitely something worth coming back for.
I've been here twice and I've decided that Momofuku's absolutely delicious. To start, we had the pork bun appetizer. It's heavenly when you add the spicy paste. Then we had the house ramen with pork. The Momofuku Ramen is great. It's very flavorful and not too thick. The pork is always cooked sooo tender. And they give you large portions! I have yet to try their soft serve ice cream because I'm always too full for dessert. I'll try to remember not to order too much next time, haha. They have a pretty limited beer selection, but a big sake collection. They only downside I see is that they don't accept reservations. And the wait can get pretty intense during a weekend night. I went here a couple Saturdays at around 9pm and the wait for 2 was about 45 minutes. =[ I'm definitely going back. Everything's freshly made and the service was quick. PS- Ladies, sit at the bar. The cooks are pretty cute!
guys.... save yourself the time and money. dont bother with this place this place is packed at night because of the hype. believe me, man. I ordered a few dishes with my boyfriend and i enjoyed the appetizers a bit. the fluke with concord grape sauce was good. i liked it because it was creative and simple. the oysters were good. fresh and again, simple they ACTUALLY have a selection of root beers! AND they have ginger beer! it was GOOD! i liked it a lot! however, i remember the ginger beer being something like 11 dollars for a bottle. not a large bottle, mind you. however, it was good and i liked it. its hard to get good ginger beer in the States and it is a good choice. the bad part... was sincerely the entree. we chose this pork with chinese broccoli, rice cakes and hot pepper dish. It says its sichuan inspired.... guys... ive eaten REAL sichuan food. ive been to china and this is not the real deal. i would DEF. consider what i ate to be left overs! stuff you drag out of your fridge and then realize its time to eat or else toss in the trash tomorrow. i am chinese american and my chinese grannie could def. have whipped up them left overs a WHOLE lot better than they did. NOT spicy. missing key chinese flavors that would have DEF. added to the dish like black beans!!! dont go. dont waste your money. save that 20-25 bucks you would have spent and put it in the bank. believe me, guys.
Yes. This place gets four starts because of the pork buns that really deserve 5 starts. The pork gives me weak knees every time I eat it. The ramen is good too, but the pork buns just steal the thunder. Another of my favorite features of this place is that the food and drink selection is always changing, there are always some good surprises among the specials. The place is so popular and the atmosphere so hip, that it makes you feel trendy just being there. Unlike many trendy spots (f.e. in Meatpacking District), this place is not intimidating. It is perfect for scoping out the East Village/New York, NY scene-sters without having to do too much work to look like one yourself. Go here for lunch, the wait for dinner is ridiculous.
I was just there with a great friend of mine. We truly would go back again and again. The prix fixe menu was fab!!!!! Poached Halibut with green curry...OMG!!! Heirloom tomatoes with beef ,melon and chili vinaigrette  was also very tatsey.For sure get the steamed buns (shrimp)...eyes rolling back.......was excellent
I haven't written a review about any restaurant in a while but this place has excited me enough to share my views with the yelp community. This was my first visit to momofuku noodle bar.. I had high expectations, and it ended up being one of my best restaurant experiences in a while. A bunch of friends and I made reservations for the fried chicken dinner. I wasn't tasked with booking the reservation but I believe you have to make a reservation a few weeks in advance in order to secure your fried chicken night. You must have 4-8 people for the fried chicken dinner, and we had 8. We ordered pork buns for appetizer, which wasn't necessary, but they were amazing. The fried chicken: Fried chicken is not an eclectic dish...but wow is it amazing when it's done right, and this place does it right. As I said, the appetizer wasn't necessary, since the chicken dinner is a complete meal (tortillas, boston lettuce, various herbs, and raw veggies accompany the heap of fried chicken). I was worried about there being enough food for such a large group but everyone had 2-3 chicken parts and there ended up being a couple pieces leftover because everyone was so full. I also love that there are 2 styles of fried chicken included in the dinner. What a great meal and depending on the size of the group, it's only $20-25 per person for some really well-prepared food. This review was about how great the food was that I almost forgot to mention that the service was excellent at well. I recommend this place.
Great experience going here- went with the family and had a great time. Definitely get the Brussels sprouts! Very fun environment Make sure to get there early as it fills up quickly.
I went back to the Momofuku Noodle Bar to have the fried chicken lunch. The best thing about it were the baby carrots! They were so sweet and delicious, snappy, and fresh. I hope in my next lifetime I come back as a bunny in a carrot farm. Something is wrong if the vegetables outshine the signature item.
Momofuku noodle bar has become the safe recommendation I offer to people, especially when they're not exactly sure what they're in the mood for. The ambiance is casual but still a bit on the trendy side with the clean lines and minimal decor. Nice, inviting and non-imposing. Their ramen is good but the pork buns are what I consistently go for.  The menu offers a good variety to pick and choose, depending on what you'd like to explore. Just don't bother with their fried chicken!!! The whole fried chicken reservation system makes it oh so alluring but it was such a big let down. After a few weeks of making the reservation in advance, you question the meaning of the world. If fried chicken is what you wanted, you could have saved yourself a lot of time and hassle and go to Bon Chon or anywhere else instead.
I have heard a lot of hype about Momofuku Noodle Bar, and being a big fan of Ramen, I had to check it out even though I know that it was not a true Ramen place.  For those of you who is not aware, Momofuku is a fusion restaurant mixing cuisines of different culture. My friends and I went last night during a pouring raining, thinking that the wait would be shorter, we still waited 55 minutes.   When we saw the menu, we almost walked away.  The Momofuku ramen is $16, a jar of pickle is $8 and an orion bear is $16 as well.  I bought the same beer at Sun Raise Mart (Japanese supermarket) a few streets away for $2.99!! We had the pork buns, which was good, but very fatty and a little too much sauce for my taste.  I can see why a lot of people love the bun, but having been to China, Taiwan and HK so many times and tried the original version, I am definitely not impressed.  The folks at the next table ordered Ddeokbokee (rice cake with hot sauce), which is a Korean dish.  I did not try, but they did not seem to be impressed either. Then there was the long wait.  Our noodles took 45 minutes.  I thought it was just us, but for at least 25 minutes, no one on the counter had anything to eat.  It is 8 pm and there is a long line for heaven's sake.  I even called another ramen place and was about to just pay for the buns and walk away.   The famed noodle (which is supposed to be so good that they put their names with the food) was soy sauce based ramen.  The fatty pork that came with the bun is not chyasu pork, but I did not care.  The broth, however, was way too salty.  The flavor was nothing but soy sauce and salt. All in all, I am not impressed.  There are way too many good ramen places in the city, this is just not worth the money and definitely not worth the wait.  I have to say, I will never come again.
Yummm.  I have a soft spot in my hot for big bowls of noodles and sought this place out after hearing that it was one of the top ramen joints in NYC.  And the ramen was indeed delicious.  However.  The pork buns were.the.best.things.I.have.ever.eaten.period.  Unlike a typicaly hum bao bun, this was served open faced like a little dim sum taco.  The sweet dough was prepared as a flat puffy disc and  was filled with the most incredible pork belly and cucumber in the middle. So fatty and delicious and just amazing.  It is $9 for two buns but well worth it.  We considered scrapping our ramen order and just eating five orders of these instead. That said, the ramen was quite good too.  The spicy chicken ramen was delicious.  The chicken had the crispiest skin ever that managed to stay crispy even when inundated with the spicy, sriacha flavored broth. The ramen also had a perfectly poached egg on top and when the yolk was popped it made the broth even more rich and delicious. The noodles were perfectly chewy and delicious - the best ramen noodles I'd had.  Yum.  The Momofuku noodles with two kinds of pork (tenderly braised pork shoulder and the same yummy pork belly from the pork buns) was also quite good. Also good were the chicken wings, delicately braised so the meat falls right off the bone, then pan fried, and tossed with a yummy hoisen type sauce and tossed with scallions and red peppers. The soft serve ice cream was also delish. We had the pecan pie flavor with included candied pecans buried at the bottom of the dish.
This review will be a little limited, since I only had the opportunity to eat at Momofuku once while in NYC for their chicken dinner, but it was such a neat experience I wanted to write about it anyway. Momofuku Noodle Bar's shopfront is very unassuming and easy to miss-we walked past it twice without realizing it. We were lucky enough to snag a 10PM spot for their chicken dinner. Although the chicken dinner is purported to be two chickens, either Momofuku uses more or they have access to some sort of crazy huge delicious multi-limbed chicken creature, because I definitely counted more than four drumsticks (thank god, or there may have been bloodshed) and the wings were HUGE. The chicken comes in two styles, spicy Korean glazed and a more traditional fried chicken. The spicy glaze was definitely my favorite, with an undeniable kick, fiery red batter, and juicy, tender chicken that slid right off the bone. The traditional fried chicken had an odd charcoal-y aftertaste but was still pretty damn delicious. Steamed pork buns are a must. Momofuku's take on this Chinatown treat turns the usually heavy and sodden pork bun into a light, sweet, and flavor-packed sensation. Rather than being entirely enclosed in the bun, the bun is merely wrapped around the pork once, which goes a long way to combating the pork bun's potential for overwhelming doughiness. The pork is sweet and juicy. The chicken dinner comes with a multitude of dipping sauces. My particular favorite was a light sauce reminiscent of the sauce served with tempura, which went nicely with the Korean glazed chicken, although the sauce's runniness was messy (Momofuku is prepared for that with brown paper on the table). A darker, hoisin-y sauce is also a winner. Thin pancakes and a bowl of raw vegetables (carrots, radishes, etc.) accompany the chicken. Although the vegetables are refreshing, I couldn't help wishing that they were cooked. Even though we had 8 attendees, we still had chicken left over. Although it's hard to get a reservation, Momofuku's chicken dinner is a really good bargain, especially if you can pull together a party of 8. The only drawbacks-the restaurant is so noisy and narrow that it's hard to order if you're near the wall, so try to sit closer to the aisle if you want the get the waitstaff's attention. They also don't serve coffee, which is a bummer when you're valiantly trying not to fall asleep in your chicken after a day of walking. I know there's a lot of backlash over the hype surrounding Momofuku, particularly the difficulty over securing reservations, and it's hard not to have overblown expectations for the restaurant. But it's a good, inventive, and surprisingly affordable destination. I hope to go back and try to noodle dishes and hit up the Milk Bar as well.
When i was young my mother told me when you eat the skin of chicken or fat of any meat it goes straight to your heart.  Well,  now my heart is hurting after eating the pork buns.  Yes they are delicious, but it is pure fat.  The chicken bun reminded me in looks to Spam.  The Ginger noodles were tasty but got bland after the 4th spoonful.  The Ramen was hearty and yes too salty.  We sat at the bar, and whoa were the waitstaff pushy!  They asked us if we were ready to order 5 times and asked us if we wanted the check before we had finished.  They were really good about refilling my water glass though.  Toss-up!  You could do better in chinatown yes....but you will feel oh so  cool getting a seat here while everyone else waits.  Just for that, 3 stars are warrented.
no wait for 1 at the counter at 9 on a tuesday as a frist timer, i felt obliged to order the pork buns and the ramen pork buns were amazing - truly amazing ramen was solid scene was great.  noisy and crowded and young and energetic places like this are what make new york great
I wanted so much to like this place. I certainly enjoyed reading the Momofuku cookbook and have read nothing but praise for David Chang's noodle bar. We ordered 4 items -- Pork and Kim Chee Tamale, Steamed Pork Buns, Spicy Chicken Wings, and Momofuku Ramen. The Pork and Kim Chee Tamale was ok. We neither liked nor disliked the flavor combination. We were then served the Steamed Pork Buns, which were thoroughly delicious, juicy, and flavorful. The Spicy Chicken Wings were a disappointment. The texture of the wings tasted as if they were boiled then pan seared, then drizzled with sauce before serving. The meat was pretty much tasteless. Not even dousing it back into the sauce helped. And finally, the ramen...it was so disappointing. The noodles were fine and had the requisite chewy texture. The broth on the other hand was overly salty. I know that ramen is usually salty, but this broth was so salty that it was hard to taste other elements in the broth. I want to think that it was an off night for the kitchen staff, but reading other reviews made me think that I'm not alone. Luckily for us, we didn't have to wait for a table. We happened to arrive when there were seats available. It would have added insult to injury had we had to wait in line for such mediocre food. Unlike other patrons, we didn't experience any rude waitstaff. However, I can't say the service was remotely warm. It was just very matter of fact. Not sure that I'll be back -- especially if I have to wait in line...
Loved this trendy New York City destination by David Chang. Have to get the steamed pork buns! My wife and I shared a noodle bowl and it was totally enough for two. Left full but not too full and smiling.
The first time I went to Momofuku I was not in the mood for ramen nor was I amped up about the idea of all the pork. I'm a vegetarian and little did I know how many options they would have! The shiitake buns are fantastic!! I find myself craving them all the time, they're that good! But even more than the shiitake buns, I love the ginger scallion noodles!!!! They are a vegetarian delicacy in my opinion. I can't get enough of them. The ginger scallion noodle dish is a perfect combination of greens (scallions, cabbage, seaweed), mushrooms, and those famous ramen noodles. It's a pretty big portion too! Even if I'm starving I still can't finish it. Definitely well worth the wait and the price. There is usually a wait at the noodle, that's the only down side. But they really make up for it with the phenomenal food! Sometimes they'll let you get the seven spices chips while you're waiting too. It's a tasty little snack, definitely good for the wait. Then they have some desserts that they carry from the milk bar, out of this world! I love their captain crunch truffles and fruit cereal marshmallow cookie! When I first saw the names of these treats, I thought there was no way I would try them but I did and I was very impressed. They are a flavorful yet buttery heaven. Momofuku is a must for everyone in NYC and you have to try all of it, the buns, noodles, and dessert!
Aight, peep this. Ordered everything off the Noodle Bar Menu. *(2) Steamed Buns - one chicken & one pork Not bad, much smaller than Ippudo's though. I prefer Ippudo's way better. *Smoked Chicken Wings Korean lady at my church makes this better for free after service. Wasn't that impressed. We didn't even finish eating them because it was pretty bland and whatever. *Ginger Scallion - dressed noodles w/ seasonal vegetables Pretty good cold noodle dish. Good flavor. *Momofuku Ramen So basically, this is just an extremely salty ass Shoyu Ramen that costs $16? Man, I need to open up my own trendy restaurant and just make Hot Pockets from the microwave and sell them for $15 a pop because these suckers have no clue they're overpaying for a basic Shoyu Ramen extra salty for ignorant folks. *Kimchi Stew Oh here we go, pour out the Haterade...You know what? It's not good when you have to add your own water from your water glass to the kimchi broth due to the overwhelming saltiness. That's how Mom didn't make it, that's how Korea didn't make it... and it's worked out pretty well so far. But trust me, I get it. It's for the people who want Asian Fusion or don't know how to go to K-Town and order a simple Kimchi Chigae. See, the sad thing Eugene, is in 50 years you're gonna staht doin some thinkin on your own and you're gonna come up with the fact that there are two certaintees in life. One, don't do that. And Two, you dropped $16 on a fuckin "Kimchi Stew" you coulda got for $8 in late chahges at 32nd street. How you like dem apples?
You know what's better than coming into Momofuku? Coming into Momofuku drunk after a Fashion Week party. That's what... I came in here with a very good friend of mine. I've been dying to come here for awhile now. I was really excited to try the food. Or was I more excited to get some cold water? Anyways, the bar seating was closed. That didn't stop us and we were able to sit right in front to see where all the magic happens. They kinda knew us there. So it was all Good. The smells that were coming out of the kitchen was ridiculous. You can smell the buns steaming, pork being cooked and see the eggs being poached. Being it my first time, I let the lovely Mabel S decide what to get. The menu isn't extensive, but everything looked so damn good. We both got the Ginger Scallion Noodles (with a little twist). We topped it off pulled pork and a poached egg. The colors and flavors were intense and definitely hit the spot. I decided to mix it up a bit and asked them to add some pickled beets in. I'm a fan of beets and basically I just had visual orgasm when the beets were added in. Aside from the Noodles we also got the pork buns. These are open-faced buns with a generous piece of pork belly. No matter what state you are in. Whether drunk, high, hallucinating, comatose or just plain sober. You will devour these buns. A nice way to end the meal is by getting a sweet dessert. Momofuku has this really good Beet and Lime Sorbet. I know what your thinking... Beets? The mix was actually very good. The Beet sorbet is subtle with a little bit of sweetness. The Lime sorbet just enhances it with it's tart flavor. Perfect combination. A great meal to end a wonderful night. Will I be back? F*CK YES....
I was really looking forward to trying this place out so maybe my expectations were a little high. I ordered the momofuku ramen and split the pork buns with a friend. The ramen was good but not great. The broth wasn't very flavorful and it was a bit too salty. I personally prefer the ramen and pork buns at Ippudo. The pork buns at Ippudo really melt in your mouth and have awesome flavors, the ones at Momofuku were (again) good but not great. The pork in the bun I got was actually a little tough. HOWEVER - if I was rating this place based on the dishes my friends ordered (ginger scallion noodles and sliced red snapper) this place would get 4 stars because those dishes were great. So my advice if you go, go for the more unique dishes on the menu (the beet salad looked delish) and definitely get the ginger scallion noodles. If you're looking for a great traditional bowl of ramen, go to Ippudo instead.
Delish! A random day in NYC made memorable by the best ramen bowl of my life. The meal was tasty to the max. We started with the pork bun and mole chicken tamale. The pork bun was deconstructed: a perfectly grilled slice of pork belly, draped with sliced cucumber and wrapped in a korean chalupa-esque shell. The tamale was South America meets Asia with masa stuffed with cheese, chile, chicken and wrapped in a banana leaf. No corn husk in sight, it was delectable. As indicated by their name, noodles are Momofuku's specialty. I had the spicy chicken and my bf had the pork. After the decadent bun, I couldn't stomach any more pork but my chicken ramen bowl was incredible. Spicy chicken plus tuscan kale? My goodness. The fusion doesn't stop at Momofuku. Top it off with a perfectly poached egg? Yes please. If you're in NYC and want a good place to grub and don't mind standing in line, eat at Momofuku Noodle Bar. The wait is worth it. No reservations but you're mouth and belly will thank you.
The place is ridiculously crowded. Avoid sitting by the entrance door if possible (it gets really cold during winter time). The appetizers are delicious. Roasted Foie Gras is a must try, the Duck Confit Salad is excellent as well; the signature ramen is average at best. I like my ramen steaming hot, the one I got was warm. The Beef Brisket listed under "etc" on the menu actually comes with rice.
hooray for ramen! no reservations for dinner accepted, but worth the wait. pork buns are a must - the beef tartare was pretty good too. whatever ramen you fancy - you wont be disappointed. Charlie Rose was in there celebrating his birthday and was having the fried chicken with a large party. Speaking of fried chicken - a friend of mine just scored one of these coveted reservations on a fluke - someone must have cancelled and a spot opened up - and he checked at just the right time. Will let you know how it goes...
I went here with 4 other friends on a Saturday night. We waited about 90 minutes to be seated, and I was really hoping that the food would be worth the wait and the money. I was quite disappointed. The ramen was tougher than I'd like, and the broth was rather bland. Including tip, this meal of a single bowl of ramen cost me $21.
Overall the experience was not great. Besides that the service was not good, the food we ordered was expensive even for New York. The ramen was too salty (which I find most momofuku food to be) and the cured char was 6 tini tiny pieces of smoked salmon for $14, I can get delicious sashimi for less than this. I recommend you walk on by and try one of the other Japanese noodle restaurants in St. Marks.
How this place is 3 1/2 * on Yelp just shows how over the top nit picky some people are. I went to this place last night with the girlfriend and it was well worth the trip. For a place as busy as this place, they do an excellent job expediting the food and keeping the wait short. We arrived at 6:00 and was told to wait around 30 mins. and we were seated at the bar in 15. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen and my girlfriend had the Spicy Noodles. The pork in my ramen melted in my mouth. It was cooked to perfection. Another nice touch to the ramen was the seaweed which gave the dish a nice salty flavor. The Spicy Noodles were excellent as well, but did not include pork. The flavors were terrific in that dish and the spices were not overpowering. If you love dishes that are extremely spicy, you may be disappointed with this one. We are definitely going to return to this spot to try the much hyped Pork Buns and the Chicken Wings.
Wish I could give this place 3.5 stars. Restaraunt is always loud and packed  no matter what time of day, but I would suggest going right when they open. I ordered the momofuku ramen which was very good (not the best, but up there) Of course I had the order the famous pork buns as well. I was a little let down after trying them,  in my opinion the pork was sliced too thick and lacked the flavor like other places. (Ippudo imo is the best hands down). For dessert had their soft serve peanut butter and jelly. Overall food was alright. I have came here again because I work down the block but there is definitely better ramen and pork buns to find in NYC for better prices too!
Um. Please. This has to be a joke. The pork buns? Bland, and so fatty I almost gagged. And trust me, I like fat. The rabbit terrine? Dull. The accompaniments (springy green fava beans, artichokes, and mushrooms) were far more exciting. That should never be the case with rabbit. Especially when you are ordering it with a sly smile on Easter. My sister's ramen? Oh, she enjoyed it. But that's probably because she hasn't had better. And there is so much wonderful ramen to be had in this city. Perhaps when I take her to Minca she'll understand. The broth had little flavor, the noodles were overcooked. A terrible disappointment. The saving grace of this meal was Momofuku's interesting take on ddukbokki. Same hot and spicy gochujang, speckled with sesame seeds and scallions - but....roasted. More like toasted. The exterior of the rice cakes was kinda crispy. And I loved it. Ddukbokki is my favorite food group, and it's amazing what this one little adjustment can do in terms of opening mah mind and palate. David Chang. You're under arrest for fooling thousands of people.
As expected, Momofuku on a Friday night (late night around 11pm) was packed.  We waited about an hour while we explored the near by bars. We ordered the pork belly buns and Momofuku Ramen since this was the "noodle house"  The pork belly buns met my high expectations after hearing people rave about it... but the Momofuku ramen wasn't that great.  The ramen noodles were on a chewy side with lots of texture which some people do prefer... I personally would've liked the noodles to be a little bit "softer" but that wasn't the problem.  There was nothing about the soup base that really stood out.  The only thing that saved the ramen was the piece of this chunky pork belly that was in there.  I didn't like how the egg was poached and not boiled. For the food that we ordered, I felt like it was a bit overpriced.
Mmmmm... The three of us waited about 20 minutes for a seat at around 7:30 or 8pm on a Tuesday night - the place was crowded but you wouldn't go to an empty restaurant, right? The bustle adds to the merriment, with everyone seated happily slurping their noodles and savoring their pork buns... and everyone standing in the doorway salivating and peering hungrily over the seated peoples' shoulders... We got 2 orders of pork buns (IMO, better Ippudo's for 3 reasons: 1) thicker/larger slab of succulent pork belly, 2) no tangy white mayo(?) sauce, 3) gloriously crisp pickles added the perfect cool and crunchy complement), and shared the first three noodles (momofuku ramen, brisket ramen, ginger scallion noodles) Momofuku ramen: generous portions of pork! The poached egg added a nice touch, and in general the noodles and soup were deeeeelicious! Brisket ramen: this was my favorite! The handcut noodles were perfectly chewy, and the brisket tasted and smelled like chunks of pastrami... Ginger scallion noodles: I love ginger, so this was great - obviously you should not order this if you don't like ginger because the flavor is very powerful, but I love the warmth and flavor from ginger... there were a TON of scallions (and maybe because I was the last to get my portion of these noodles, I ate a lottt of scallions. i like scallions but again, if you don't, the name of the dish should serve as a warning!); I also loved the light vinegary taste (esp. in the mushrooms) - so refreshing! My Sis and our friend also got the lychee and yuzu palmer soju slushies and both enjoyed them a lot. Also, service was quick, efficient, and attentive - our glasses of water were always kept full :) All in all, we went in with high expectations, said expectations were satisfied or exceeded, and we left very full and very happy :) Next time I'm in NY, I'll be back for sure!
I tend not to write reviews for places I've only been there once. One, I feel it's not fair to the establishment. And two, you can't really gauge the place after one visit. Or maybe, I'm just too nice. But I'm going to break the rule for David Chang. I've been wanting to check out his empire for awhile. Next trip is to Ma Peche. I love the location, I love the restaurant, I love the ambiance and I love the food. We came in, sat at the bar and ordered our beers right away. He gets five stars for having Ginga Kogen and Lone Star. My gfriend and I ordered the pork belly bun and loved the fact there was so much FAT. Don't mess with him. He knows how to satisfy a customer. If I lived in NY, trust me, I would be patronizing this place like Tupac took Alize to new heights. I then ordered the ramen and love the fact that I didn't feel guilty slurping the broth. Seriously, this place is SOLID! We then headed to Milk Bar for some compost cookies and ice cream.
I grew up eating ramen and I must say that I have had better ramen making it at home than at this restaurant. The only reason I went out of my way to drive all the way to NYC to try out this restaurant was because of their rave reviews I've heard for months. I'm a huge noodle fan so I bugged my boyfriend to drive us, on our day off, to check it out. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. I have to say that I ordered 3 dishes and I left unsatisfied and still hungry. Portions are way too small for their prices. I shared shrimp buns & pork buns with my boyfriend. The shrimp was very gamey and chewy. The pork buns weren't flavorful at all. It just tasted like it was never marinated. As for the entree, I ordered the Momofuku ramen. Like I said, I could have made better ramen at home. The soup tasted like water, there weren't enough noodles. As for my bf, he ordered the chilled spicy noodles. Let's just say that this was also very bland and hard to eat. Overall, the food wasn't as flavorful as I had expected and the reviews that I've heard do not match my experience whatsoever. I am glad that I took the opportunity to try it once and only once.
I set my expectations very low before coming here, so I was pleasantly surprised by the pork belly ramen. The pork shoulder shreds were very tender, and the noodles al dente. Just a little pricey, noisy environment, and commune tables are not my ideal restaurant setting.
One of my favorite ramen spots. The steamed egg always gets me! Love the open kitchen.
A casual, delish and comforting dinner spot. Must-gets are the Ramen and spicy ricecakes. Been here at least 5 times - it does not disappoint!!
seriously... what's the hype about? i was underwhelmed. the quality of ingredients and flavors are good, but you know, the noodles were just too salty. i was surprised and disappointed. it's overpriced for what it is, and i really hate that in a restaurant. taking into account the ridiculous wait and the price, i'd rather go to nearby setagaya and get seasoned but not oversalted noodles for cheaper. (i haven't been in a while though, so maybe my pricing is out of date, or maybe it's less crowded now.) i liked it well enough and am willing to go back and try it again, give it a 2nd chance, but it's not the cheapest of experiments.
This is a really good, satisfying place. Not the best ramen ever, but better than average. If you eat ramen all the time, you'll probably be disappointed. It's a long wait, and it's good and the average ramen-price in NYC--but it's not extraordinary. If you don't eat ramen all the time, then you'll be very happy. A friend and I had the vegetarian cold noodles and also the pork. Both are delicious, depends on what you're in the mood for. When in doubt, go with pork stock, but that's just the rule of ramen in my opinion. Go over to the momofuku milk bar a couple blocks away for the full experience!
On a rainy Saturday night, this place still managed to be packed.  So we thought we'd be in for a tummy warming experience. I honestly had high hopes for another one of David Chang's restaurants, but I was sorely disappointed.  I know this is his perspective of "Japanese Ramen," but it failed to deliver.   We decided to try the special of the night, pig tails.  I expected curly lil tails tasting of bacon, but they were actually more similar to oxtail.  They were ok, much better than the pork buns we were about to try.  The accompanying pickled Asian pear was the highlight of the night. What about the pork buns that were so highly praised?  There were about 50 yelp tips that said we must get them, so we did.  What happened to them?!  Ours were lacking any flavor what so ever.  They were limp, 90% fat, and dripping with clear fat.  They were so overly bland and fatty, my BF took one bite and almost spit it back up.  I blame the execution, they tasted as if  it was sous vide?  Maybe someone forgot to marinate them with some kind of flavor.  Sure the buns were overly stuffed with 2 big fat pieces of pork belly, but over compensating with meat (or in this case fat) didn't satisfy our taste buds.  As I took a bite of mine, clear fat rendered down my hands and dripped onto the plate.  I thought, why is it clear, and why is there so much fat!?  I immediately felt my arteries clogging. I really don't care where restaurants get their farm raised pigs from, but if this is what they taste like, I don't want it.   The most expensive Ramen $16 (the most I've ever paid for Ramen).  Maybe they took the suggestion from everyone about cutting down on the salt, but our broth was bland.  It taste like a mix of soy sauce and chicken broth.  Again my BF got the fattiest 2 pieces of pork belly which he didn't touch.  Mine were ok, but they just tasted like fat floating around in broth.  Neither of us managed to finish our Momofuku Ramen.  We sat there talking under our breathes how everything was just wrong.  The prices, the soup, and then we looked at the couple next to us.  They too did not finish and barely touched their food.  It wasn't even worth taking it home to eat.  The only thing good about this, were the noodles.  They were cooked el dente and to the perfect consistency.   In the end, $70 for 2 people, 2 appetizers, a soju slushie, and 2 Momofuku Ramen's, and the wait.  Not worth it.  This isn't the Ramen you want to experience.
I got the Momofuku ramen since it seemed to be the house special. It was edible. The toppings I liked -- for example the perfect sunny-side egg instead of the regular hard boiled egg was a nice touch. Big fan! But the soup broth, the MOST KEY OF ALL THE RAMEN was abysmal. It was salty; there was no substance; it was basically my neighborhood chicken broth plus a salt shaker of salt. And that ridiculous wait to get a seat in a decently sized place and their outdated waiting schema. I saw a couple wait outside for ~30m and didn't hear their name being called (at a whisper) and had to wait for 15 more minutes! Seriously Momofuku? Plus you have me shell out $20 for a meal? Please. Who do you think you are? Sit down. Want some ramen? Go to Nikai or Totto. Ippudo is just as crappy (though a little less so... no words can adequately capture the amount of crap this place is.)
Came here on a Sunday night and put our name in with what was supposed to be a 45 minute wait, surprisingly enough it was shorter than that and we were able to grab a couple of drinks while we waited.   Once seated we split an order of pork buns and then on to the succulent noodle bowls.  My husband got the goat ramen (special that day) and I got the momofuku ramen.  Both were fantastic and left us satisfied.  The pork buns were perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  We were so full that we didn't even have enough room for the famous cereal milk soft-serve!
Ick! I wish we waited for Ippudo instead.  )o: The pork buns were good, but the noodles tasted like they were marinated in salt.  The kimchee potato thingys tasted like kimchee and potato marinated in salt.  Barf. One cool thing though was the open kitchen.  It was fun watching food being made and put together down the line.
My Singaporean friend and I stopped by a while ago on our quest to find the best ramen around. (We tried this after Minca, and before Ippudo) The wait was about 2 hours, which is long but relatively short for a good ramen joint. For appetizers, we ordered the pork buns. Pure fatty goodness. There was also some cucumber dish, which was okay. For entrees, I ordered the Momofuku Ramen while my friend ordered the Sichuan noodle. Both were excellent; my friend couldn't stop raving about how awesomely spicy and fragrant his noodles were. Would stop by again. :)
O JEBUS I DIED AND WENT TO RAMEN HEAVEN!!!!  My best friend, who is a chef and I warily came to this restaurant, knowing the bad reviews of David Chang's personality.  Despite his overall disdain for the act of being asian... :T and the fact that he said his favorite ingredient was Sriracha (condiment..)  we had to bow down once we tasted his ramen.  Dayam.  I had the Momofuku ramen which comes with pork belly (tender), pork shoulder (bountiful and shredded), and poached egg, while my friend had the brisket ramen, which is brisket and soy egg and a heavier broth.  The momofuku ramen is a hearty size, so order that if you are truly hungry, and the brisket is smaller.  We also had the pork kimchee tamales which were oily but smooth in consistency and delicious.  They had run out of the pork buns, so make sure you get there early enough to try them!  A+, damn you, David Chang!!!
Wow expensive !! When Unique is just not enough....B+ for food.
Went here because I didn't want to wait 2 hours at Ippudo and wanted something different from my favorite ramen place (Minca). Pork is delicious and broth is flavorful despite being a little salty. $16 for ramen is crazy but it comes with a lot more meat and "add ins" compared to other joints so it semi makes up for it. Service was very nice (hint: sit at the bar).  This place is ok.
pricy, but the best ramen you will ever have. not traditional but great. pork belly and pulled pork....mmm and egg..the other stuff is good too.
Came here for lunch on a Wed afternoon and didn't have to wait. Sat at the bar in front of the cooks (made me hungrier!) Ordered: the pork buns that was shared with a friend. Saying those buns were good is an understatement! Oh my gosh, full of flavor and the sauce... Out of this world! I got the spicy chicken ramen and I was hesitant at first because I can't do spicy for the life of me. I was not disappointed! It had more flavor than spicy, the ramen is a very large portion so it can definitely be shared. This was the best ramen I've ever had. All the right flavors! We were so full we couldn't try any of the Milk desserts which was heartbreaking! The actual place: It's rather small and has a minimalistic feel to it. It's all about the food and you're excitement to eat it! The servers are attentive and never leave you too long. All and all I thought the prices are fair and the portions are big. Will definitely come back for some more buns, ramen and room for dessert next time!
Awesome service, amazing food! Def get the shrimp and brisket buns!! The chilled chocked noodles were amazing but super spicy!!
The first thing I noticed when I walked into Momofuku was the owner/chef David Chang, standing around talking to patrons at the front counter. Shortly after we were seated he wandered back behind the counter, hanging out, cracking jokes, stealing tastes, and offering suggestions to his cooks. That he still tended shop at his original restaurant, with a brand-new and well-received Ko just down the street, tickled me. When I returned the next day, boyfriend in tow, we saw Chang hanging out still (sans Chef whites), the boy turned to me and said, "If you need to marry him, I guess I can live with it." Although I did not get to propose a union with David Chang, I sincerely hope that his steamed pork buns will remain in my life for eternity. I could not get enough of the buns - slices of pork slick with fat, edged with crisp deliciousness, nestled inside a not-too-doughy bun, slices of cucumber adding a cool crunch and a layer of sauce finishing savory-sweet. It was enough that I couldn't share an order with anyone, even knowing a giant bowl of ramen was to follow. And, oh, the ramen. I have not completed my ramen tour of New York yet, but the momofuku ramen gets it - understands what ramen ought to be. The broth is not-too-sweet, the noodles not-too-soft, and the bamboo, scallions, fish cake, and poached egg adding texture and contrast to the pork belly and shredded pork nestled in th e bowl. I buried the pork under my noodles, fearing that I would eat the best parts first and hoping to infuse the broth with even more meaty goodness. With this the broth took on a familiar spotted-oily look and slightly pork-smoky flavor, more akin to the ramen I miss from Tokyo. If you've never been, I recommend asking for a seat along the back counter. It's quite worthwhile watching the cooks put together your meal and prep dozens more (eggs poached in-shell, cracked delicately into little bowls; scallions sliced by the gallon; noodles bathed by the bundle). A cook might also berate you for second-guessing whether or not to order the frozen custard. Don't get berated - try it. Cannoli cream swirled with pistachio might seem an odd finish to a decidely Asian meal but your tastebuds will be perfectly delighted. On my first visit to Momofuku I ate, and ate, and ate. I had half a dozen cupcakes under my belt before walking in and I still ate until I thought I might burst, passed that point, and weakly failed to finish the last slurps of soup and noodles in my bowl. On my second visit, more hungry, I still didn't see the bottom of the bowl. At Momofuku the empty bowl challenge is a challenge of the best kind - I'll take you up on it any day.
On my return trip to NYC, Momofuku just did not satisfy me as much as my last visit and it was quite disappointing. // FOOD //     + Pork belly buns: I still feel like these trump the Ippudo pork belly buns as they are more substantial and come with a tasty pickled cucumber garnish     + Momofuku ramen: Came out lukewarm which was already a big no no. In addition, the broth lacked body and had very little flavor. The poached egg and al dente noodles were probably the highlight of the entire bowl
We had high hopes for this place.  A restaurant enthusiast friend of mine came for a visit, and she raved and raved about David Cheng.  So we went to Momofuku. This was a Wednesday night, and we showed up at around 945.  After a slight wait, we were seated and took a look at the menu.  I am allergic to egg, and I don't eat pork.  So, obviously this was going to be a challenge for me. Not Momofuku. I know I can be a pain in restaurants, but most of them embrace the challenge.  I'm easy going about this; I can only eat what I can eat.  It's not their problem but mine.   Before I talk about our disaster of a dinner, I just want to say that there was a unanimous consensus at our table that the food was amazing.  The real problem was with the service. After having been seated for 5 minutes, it turns out a friend of ours showed up and wanted to join our party.  The manager was telling us about the specials for the day right when the friend arrived.  We asked if it would be a problem for us to have a joiner.  The manager said, "Ugh *ROLLS EYES*... we normally don't seat parties when they haven't fully arrived... but whatever."  He then walked off.  This was only the beginning. The server showed up a few minutes later to take our drink order.  We all had wine and beer, and we finally got them about 10 minutes after we ordered.  It was then time to order food.  I had already discussed my dietary restrictions with the server, and I literally only had one option, **For allergy sufferers, this restaurant is very helpful**  A veggie ramen, with no ramen (rice instead), served with shittake mushrooms and pickled cucumber and bamboo.  The server then suggested that I order chicken to go with it.  I agreed.   The food came out quite promptly, and when I got my dish, there was no chicken.  It took about 5 minutes to flag down a server to have the problem fixed.  They took my bowl away and came back about 5 minutes later with a new dish with chicken.  I put the first piece of chicken in my mouth.  Literally at that moment, I saw the chef run over to the table.  I immediately got nervous (thinking maybe the chicken had some sort of egg product and I was going to have an anaphylactic reaction at the table), but it turns out that I was just going to be overwhelmed with the flavor of bacon in my mouth.  Whew.  So, they weren't going to kill me, just feed me pork. They took the dish away because they realized that the chicken was, in fact, cooked in pork fat.  Then, they brought back the other rice bowl that I had taken a few bites of.  It was now cold, and I got a 'sorry'.  Well, I was still willing to forget and forgive, but then the service only started getting worse.  One of the people in my party ordered a beer, TWICE.  It never came.  Another girl ordered a side dish.  It never came.  The server never came back to check on us.   I have worked in restaurants for many years, and I know that busy servers can't give good service.  However, this was a joke.  It was really disappointing that service was so bad because the food was so good. We asked to speak to the manager because we wanted to express our concerns.  We told him all of the things that had happened, and his response was "Ok.  I'll let my servers know."  Not even an apology.  He said, "Um, well, I can adjust the check retroactively... but it's kind of late for that"  Let's get real here, I know that my one experience is irrelevant to this restaurant and my not eating there again isn't really going to affect their bottom line.  They have a big name chef and good food, but if a restaurant can't execute all aspects of their product, what's the point? All in all, everyone in my party liked the food.  It was GOOD.  However, the complete fiasco that was the service ruined the experience.  There wasn't even an offer for dessert, a discount, a free drink, an offer to come back or even an apology.   This was the first time that I have not left a tip in a restaurant.  I'm a server who makes 4 dollars an hour too.  I still don't feel bad about it. I recommend this place for people seeking the following things: *almost everything to be cooked in pork *noodle lovers *communal seating and a loud atmosphere *sake icee *delicious food *paying for bad service *dealing with an unapologetic manager who refuses to take responsibility for his crew
Totemo oishii desu! These dishes made my night: - Steamed shrimp buns - Roasted rice cakes - Ginger scallion noodles
So... My sister, knowing I am a foodie, brought my Mom and I here for lunch. She thought we should get there just after they opened to make it for a table in a reasonable amount of time... never worried about a wait for ramen before... As a gal from the homeland of Nippon, I can't say these were the best ramen I've ever had and the flavoring is definitely not true Japanese since Chef Chang isn't Japanese it would make sense. Tasted more Chinese. Plus, not exactly cheap. We split the pork signature Momofuku ramen and the Ginger/scallion ramen. The noodles were good and if you like pork, this is the place to be. Tender and juicy and generous chunks of pork! I give it the 3 stars instead of 2 for the pork buns which are wrapped by the same buns they use for peking duck but my sis wouldn't eat them bec/ they were too fatty. The octopus was interesting but I didn't like the flavor pairing between the yogurt sauce and the fennel with the octopus. I had the Lychee slushee with soju (Korean) which was excellent but probably wasn't the wisest thing to chug it down before eating since it was a rather hot and humid day. I think what made the stars go down was also the sense of being hustled like cattle in a small space.. you can tell they are trying to get you to eat up and go and it is a tight cram with the communal tables. Perhaps that is the norm in NYC... I would've liked to try the fried chicken since my sis thought I could get some but we weren't aware of the reservation system (must book ahead) and that they are $100! Yikes.
Momofuku you are still a five.  I love you in a way I never thought I could love noodles.  I have also had the fried chicken dinner, and next time I want to go with less people so as to eat more.  It invoked the gluttonous goddess within who wanted to yell fire, and sit there peacefully, working my way through several chickens. Maha and I went Sunday night for drinks and dinner, and were told we had an hour wait.  We went to Hearth for a drink, came back 40 minutes later, and were seated immediately.   We had the shrimp buns which were crispy in their little pillows, and I wondered why I only ever order pork.  The smoked chicken wings were like nothing I have ever had, salty and smokey, finished with a delicious sear on the flat top.  The baby bok choi was also really, really fresh, finished with fermented black beans.  For mains we both had the Momofuku ramen, which was consistently perfect. I had the yuzu smoothie while Maha had her wine, and it rounded out an amazing sister's night out.
Loved sitting at the bar and hanging out with my friend. Crowded and loud but not too loud. The Momofuku ramen was excellent - not too fatty.
Noodles were just fine, but did not live up to expectations.  I feel like there are lots of places to get noodles and pork buns - and they are cheaper, with less of a wait.  The appetizers were more distinguished than any of our noodle dishes - again, the buns are great, and the chicken wings were good too. But for all the hype?  A solid A-OK, nothing more.
i would eat there every week if the noise and the wait were not so crazy.shitake steam buns are the best.all the food is fantastic. good luck getting a fried chicken reservation. it takes skill and commitment. i have only succeeded once and it was well worth it!!
I hopped on the momofuku hype train and rode it to the noodle bar. went on a thursday night and waited 25 mins. I couldnt wait to eat. I ordered the ramen and the brisket pork buns. pork buns were on point. very good but thought they would be worth 12 bucks if they gave AT LEAST 3 namsayin? ramen reminded me of Maruchan, the instant noodle. it was a bit bland so I applied some siracha on it but it tasted the same so I added more and it was ok I guess. The pork was good...because pork is always good. but in the end, I forced myself to like it because I was paying $16 for it. kinda felt bad for the workers making the food who were being stared at by the customers who had nothing else to look at. i prolly will be back...next year.
Love this place. Best ramen ever. I go there every week. The staff is incredibly nice too.
Best damn bowl of ramen I've ever had. At $16 it's the most expensive ramen I've paid for but it was easily worth the price. I can't wait for my next trip to NY so I can try more of the menu!
Ramen ramen ramen. I often wonder why I'm willing to shell out $20 for a bowl of ramen when it tastes fantastic as a $1 MSG laden pack. But then I go to a ramen cafe and after savoring a steaming bowl of perfectly textured ramen noodles with spicy soup, all of my questions are laid to rest. Unfortunately, Momofuku left even more questions in my mind. I came here for dinner a couple of weeks ago with a friend who absolutely adores this place. The hostess was a bit rude and it was hard to find her to get our names on the list. We were told the wait would be around 45 minutes, but a couple of the people ahead of us had left so it was only a 15 minute wait, success! I had the Momofuku Ramen, which was just okay, but at $16 a bowl, definitely seemed overpriced. It comes with a poached egg on top that my friend smartly asked for on the side. They say that is properly cooked, but it was definitely undercooked. I like runny yolks, but semi-runny whites?!? Definitely not what I wanted on top of my ramen. The rest of the ramen was standard. I ended up adding a lot of hot sauce to mine to give it more flavor and enjoyed it namely because I love ramen, but also because the ramen had a nice texture and the pork was well cooked. Service was quick and all in all it was an okay experience, but for the price, you can definitely do better.
The vegetarian noodle option sucks (that's no surprise coming from a guy who explicitly states he doesn't care to cater to non-meat eaters) Fine. But I would have at least expected the desert I ordered to be good. Of course it wasn't. "Sweet" corn pie. BARF. First of all, it wasn't sweet AT ALL; it was REALLY salty. I can't believe I spent $9 for that. I hate that I let my friends drag me there yet again to waste my money. Also, the wait staff blows.
Sake = Yummy Pork Buns = Decent Brussel Sprouts = Smells Funky Fried Chicken = I've had better Price = Can't be beat
---3.5 Stars--- We own David Chang's book, which includes the complete recipe for Momofuku ramen but had yet to visit the noodle bar so I had to check it out. My mom and I started with the pork buns. The pork belly meat was tender but thick, and very high quality. We had fun eating these and they were very reminiscent of Asian street food, although admittedly you can probably get the buns in Chinatown for much cheaper. We both ordered the Momofuku Ramen, since we wanted to try the signature dish. I kinda regret choosing this dish especially since the broth was pork based, and we had just finished the pork buns, so I would have preferred a different flavor. This is definitely a fusion-centric dish, given the shreds of pulled pork that was in the ramen bowl. It felt like they were trying to combine Southern BBQ with Japanese flavors. Not a horrible idea but I prefer less complex combinations. The noodles were firm without being overly chewy and I actually preferred them to Ippudo's noodles. But you should try both Momofuku and Ippudo to check for yourself.
Tried this place while on vacation in New York because of all of the Yelp reviews.  It was definitely tasty but like everything in New York was kind of pricey.  I liked the different ingredients and takes they did on dishes and the pork buns were really good
Momofuku is a strong brand, powerful enough to lure me away from Ippudo...but just for one night.  I don't even know if said names are direct competitors but in my culinary categories, they are, and the latter leads in the book of ramen.  Chicken wings and other things were good at Momofuku but for broth full of flavor, I'm following Ippudo, the unequivocal category leader.
I love this place.  I am a total addict and I live a few blocks away so it makes it easier.  I get the scallion noodles with a poached egg and a side of broth.  perfect every time.  the shrimp steamed buns are also amazing.  everything i have tried here is good - they now have a few vegetarian options which is newish so no reason not to try it!
Best pork buns in the city
My gut is telling me to give this place two stars, but I will go for a generous three. Nothing was really wrong with the experience, except for the ramen (!!). In my quest for the best vegetarian ramen in NYC, this place was at the top of the hype. I read about the Hozon Ramen, with its miso-like concoction of a broth. It comes with kale, crispy chickpeas, and something mysterious on top. This dish wasn't horrible, but it was SO salty. I am a sodium fiend, and it was too much for me. I didn't taste the depth of mushroom flavor I'd heard about, the saltiness was too overpowering. Also, I hate to say it, but I was keen on the type of noodle (a bit fatter, not curly) that they serve. The shiitake bun was pretty decent however! The ambience is loud. My dining partner and I got seats pretty quickly at 6:30 on a Tuesday, but by the time we left there must have been 20 people waiting outside, so plan to wait! Sorry Momofuku, you are not top of the list for vegetarian ramen in NYC!
Move over ramen because this place is all about the pork buns!!! We came here on a Friday night for dinner. The place was packed and the wait was long. They took our cellphone number down and sent us a text message when our table was almost ready...pretty much a 10-minute heads up after waiting for an hour or so. This gives you a chance to go somewhere else for drinks or something. I like that. Here's what I tried: SINGLECUT DRAFT BEER---Locally brewed, it was a great way to start the evening and a perfect pairing for the buns and ramen.  $8 PORK BUNS---As I was staring at it, I didn't think much of it. Heck, it didn't even look appetizing! It was pale looking and so simple. I picked it up and stuffed it in my mouth. WOW! One bite and I thought I died and went to pork bun heaven! The meat was uber tender and was magnified with awesome flavor. The hoisin sauce, scallion, and cucumber that it came with highlighted the pork and didn't take away the spotlight from it. The marriage of flavors was simply amazing. It's safe to say that this might have been the best pork buns I've had to date. $10 yelp.com/biz_photos/momo… MOMOFUKU RAMEN---Being called the ramen bar, my expectations were way high for their ramen. I almost had to brace myself because I was ecstatic to be blown away. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. I found the broth to be too salty. I almost had the urge to pour some water in my bowl to balance it out. Yeah, the flavors are there but it just wasn't great. I've definitely had better! $16 yelp.com/biz_photos/momo… APPLE/PORK RAMEN SPECIAL---A special of the evening that had apples, pears, ham slices, and a broth that tasted like Christmas. Sorry, this didn't rock my boat.  $14 yelp.com/biz_photos/momo… I think this place is over-hyped but because of their pork buns, I have no regrets coming here. Service was really good given how busy they were. I like the vibe of the place and how they have a communal table and bar seating. They have a few tables as well but no high chairs for those who have kids. Be forewarned. We had to carry our toddler on our lap while eating. Not so fun! Nonetheless, it was an experience I shall remember for quite some time...thanks to the best pork buns ever! Seriously, I suggest they change the name to "MOMOFUKU BUN BAR". It's only appropriate.
Congratulations, David Chang. You've done it again. You got me creaming my pants over another meal of yours: the fried chicken dinner.[1] In case you don't read the food sections of the NY Times, NY Magazine, or any food blogs, this platter of clucker parts is served two ways: Korean-style and Southern-style. It arrived with the day's ssam accoutrements: bibb lettuce, mu shu wraps, radishes, baby carrots, mint sprigs, and Momofuku's signature sauces: ginger-scallion, hoisin, bibim kochujang, and jalapeno-garlic soy sauce. The Korean-style chicken is mostly wings which allow for a higher skin-to-meat ratio for the sticky-sweet-spicy coating of sauce. My first bite produced a crunch of a thousand Christmas baubles shattering. This chicken was perfectly delicious on its own and didn't need anything else. The Southern-style chicken had bigger portions of mostly breast. Somehow, the skin managed to be super-crisp but not greasy at all--almost like a haute version of Shake 'n Bake. The white meat needed a flavor boost so it was ideal for wrapping with condiments. My favorite combo: crispy skin and white meat with ginger-scallion sauce and kochujang in a lettuce wrap with mint leaves. Bonus points for the soju slushies. I don't even like soju but the gingeriness of the Dark & Stormy flavor helped mask the nail-polish-remover aftertaste that I normally associate with soju. The servers rocked the house, too. Always refilling our water glasses and carrying over more baskets of lettuce and bowls of ginger-scallion sauce when we asked for them. So, kudos, David Chang, on creating a clever play on Korean and American comfort food that is finger-lickin' amazing. I'll be sending you a dry-cleaning bill for the pants. (And just to bring the whole Oprah/Art Smith thing full-circle...my friend Grace brought her friend Irene to dinner that night. Irene looks at me and says, "I know you from somewhere..." When it hits me, "OMG, you're the producer from Jacques Torres!"[2] Crazy, isn't it?) ================================ [1] $100 for a max of 8 people; by limited reservation only [2] See yelp.com/biz/jacques-tor…
Perfect Meal: Pork Buns Momofuku Ramen Creamsicle Soju Happiness
OMG pork buns, ramen, soju slushies...it's as good as it gets! I centered my NY trip around food and I'm definitely glad I got to try Momofuku.  Their ramen is good, but the pork buns are just sooo delicious.  Eating fat has never tasted better in my life!   Next time I come, I'll just binge on that and their lychee soju slushy.
PORK BUNS are awesome and probably the only thing worth waiting in the long line for.  I did have an experience one time that the Pork bun was ALL fat and I couldn't even finish it.  I mean, I'm a lover of pork fat, but it just felt like i was eating cholesterol.  Kind of disgusting.  But, since then, we've gone back and had good experiences with the Pork Bun - so yummy! I LOVE Momofuku Noodle Bar.   Besides the pork buns, I like the ham buns (special for the night), the kimchee pork tamale, the ricke cakes, and the ramen.  The Momofuku Ramen is pretty basic, but good.  I like it better than the Brisket Ramen, which tastes like a corned beef dinner to me (my husband really liked it, though!).  I also had the Duck one time, but didn't care for it.  Seriously people, just order the pork buns and you will be happy! They have a good beer selection. Perfect meal for me would be an order of pork buns and a hitachino beer.  YUM. One major CON is that it's ALWAYS crowded.  Obviously you have better odds when you're with a smaller group, but if it's more than 3, then prepare to wait.   for locals, better to go on the weeknight.  Not as much of a line. for tourists, better to go right when they open (5:30PM) or after 9:30PM on a weekend.   never had the fried chicken there - I suspect that the ones in K-town serve it better and cheaper.
So its a rainy Saturday night and my son and I are on a ramen hunt. The spot we originally went to was closed and Momofuku was next on the list. Gotta say i was impressed. The style of the noodle bar was cool and modern and the people had great attitudes ( for 1am). Service was a plus as well (again for 1 am) My son and I enjoyed and order of the Pork Buns Amazing, although I was told by a friend the chicken wings are the way to go. Next time I'm sure. As for the Ramen, Great , filling, flavorful, Just the right amount of items added to it. My only complaint is the price. The Momofuku Ramen was too expensive in my opinion, other then that this place rocks.
Don't waste your time here! One Saturday morning my roommate DEMANDED pork buns. We decided to try our luck here, hoping the wait here would at least be shorter than at ippudo. We ended up waiting nearly an hour to be seated, even though we arrived right around 2. We were all starving by the time we sat down so we each got an order of pork buns and a momofuku ramen. The pork buns were good, the bun was soft and the pork was tender and flavorful. But $10 for an order of two buns? That just seems outrageous to me. Our ramen arrived, and BOY were we disappointed. The broth was atrociously salty, to the point where I could barely drink it. The noodles were cooked alright, but for some reason the entire dish was luke-warm. For the $16 I paid for this bowl, I could've gotten two bowls of ramen from Menkui Tei or Terakawa that would've been much better quality. Alternatively, I could've used that $16 to purchase a family pack of cup noodle in Chinatown and just over-seasoned it myself. All in all, we each paid about $40 for a very filling yet unsatisfying lunch. Momofuku, you're lucky you've got other things going for you (milk bar, ssam bar), because if you had to put all your eggs in this one basket, well, you wouldn't have any eggs left.
This is a review only for the fried chicken. We ended up having the fried chicken by accident- my friend was the one who set it up, and thought we needed reservations for eating here. Little did she realize that they do not take reservations, its only for their fried chicken. Note: if you do reserve for fried chicken and cancel after I believe 48 hours/ don't show up, you will be charged $100, the price of the chicken. (they require you to put down a card number.) So we were like fine, since we HAD to have the chicken, might as well, and if the platter is a hundred bucks, this must be some delicious fried chicken, am I right? No, I am NOT RIGHT. Its 2 and a half chickens, half made 'southern' style, the other half korean style, and comes with some flat bread (not seasoned or anything, 'mu shu pancakes') and a salad. i really would NOT recommend it. Sure its a decent amount of food (there were 4 people in our party) but paying 35 bucks/person for ~5 pieces of fried chicken? definitely not. The southern style chicken looked like it was made a few hours before at least. Same with the korean style chicken, its coated with something that tastes like a spicy version of sweet and sour sauce. its not bad, but the fact that we paid THAT MUCH for fried chicken that definitely was not fresh (it was warm at best when it came to our table after waiting for about 20 minutes) was really unappetizing. I'll probably be back to try their ramen, which everyone is raving about, but under no circumstances would I recommend the fried chicken. Sure, if we had brought up to the maximum of 8 people, it would have been a little more wallet friendly, but the fact that it was not fresh and did not taste like 100 dollar chicken is a HUGE no-no for me. And honestly, I can't get over the price point!!!!! If they charged MAX of 50 bucks, that might make sense, but my god, 100 dollars for 2 and a half chickens that cost I'd say a max of 10 bucks?!?! When you can get the same amount of chicken from KFC for 35 bucks TOTAL, as opposed to what each of the four of us paid, its just, wow.
Service-wise, Momofuku was great - i think it's fun to sit at the communal counter, service/ordering/clearing of plates is quick as the staff just roams behind the long counter.  It's obviously a younger crowd, the service is quick, the place is crowded, the alt music is relatively loud.  All things that i think are fun in a dining experience, unless you're trying for something more intimate and quiet. The food was okay.  As a disclaimer, i'll say that it might have been stupendously delicious ramen, amazing pork buns, world-class ginger scallion noodles, etc.  But i honestly haven't eaten that much ramen (at least, since i was in college 10 years ago), as soup just doesn't seem like food to me.  I had the brisket ramen, which tasted good and all, but at the end of the day it was a little piece of brisket in a bowl of salty, peppery beef broth with noodles for like 18 dollars.  I thought the pork buns, which everyone raves about, tasted good and all, but were nothing special.  Maybe that's cause, in my mind, i compare every pork-belly centric sandwich to the one at Num Pang sandwich shop on 12th.  I know they are different kinds of restaurants, and different sandwiches, but i don't see what the fuss is about these pork buns.  My girlfriend's ginger scallion noodles were good, though - tasted very fresh and light, with a green-ness coming through from all the scallions. It was good, but for the price in my opinion not worth it.
Simple food (noodles) done really well.  Check it out--and sit at the bar.
First off, I apologize in advance,, I am not a huge noodle person. Last Saturday was literally the first time I've ever eaten at a noodle spot in years and years. That being said, I don't understand the hype of a noodle spot, to the point where there was well over an hour wait to get seated with my two friends. Absolutely nuts! Now that I got that out of the way, despite my feelings on noodles, I did actually enjoy this place. We had browsed the menu long enough while waiting to be ready to order once we were seated. I personally got myself a 'Momofuku nama honjozo' to start. One of my friends got the same, the other had gotten the yuzu palmer. The yuzu palmer was pretty good, if it wasn't pretty chilly that day I would've maybe gotten it, since it was a slush drink. the sake felt like water going down my throat~ it barely phased me until it really settled in my stomach. It was pretty good for the price. My friends had also gotten themselves the shrimp buns and the shiitake mushroom ones, something that I regret not partaking in.  They looked super good though... I'll definitely check them out on another day. As far as the main dish, I had gotten the spicy miso ramen. It took a WHILE for the ramen to come out which was unexpected.. I was pretty hungry after waiting almost an hour just to get seated, so waiting what felt like another half-hr or so for a bowl of noodles almost got me a little heated. I can't say what my attitude would have been like if I was starving that night... But once the bowl came out, there was no regrets. The spiciness of the broth wasn't too bad, almost like a peppery feeling which I didn't mind. The smoked chicken was maybe one of the best parts of the dish. Of course it wasn't sitting in the broth too long so it kept a nice, strong smoked taste which really went together with the entire bowl. The noodles were okay, there was also a side of spinach and seaweed. I pretty much annihilated the entire bowl, not one noodle survived and the broth was pretty much gone once I was done. Unfortunately I wasn't as full as I would have liked to be after eating a big bowl of noodle soup, if there was more noodles or more spinach or something I would've been more satisfied. Queue the feeling of regret over those buns, but I wasn't about to try and wait another 15-20 for a plate of buns. Once the main was done, we decided to try dessert too. We ended up getting "ritz" cookies, the pretzel truffles and the pb & strawberry sweet cracker soft serve, which was probably the hugest mistake because altogether it felt like a butter/salt overload. I took a bit of the ice cream, which was nice and buttery. I didn't eat too much of it but I felt like the peanut butter taste was pretty subtle. I'm not sure if the hint of sweetness was that of the 'strawberry sweet cracker' or just me. (It wasn't my dish either, so I'm not sure if there was like, this 'sweet cracker' on the inside of the cup). Not sure if I'd personally get it again. The Ritz cracker tasted exactly what the name said.. a Ritz cookie. It wasn't like a butter cookie... it tasted very much like a Ritz cracker, just stronger in taste, and softer and also a bit more sugary. It might've been better if I had milk or another drink. The pretzel cake truffles however... were total overkill of the tastebuds. I don't know why we thought they'd be a bit chocolatey or something, but they were completely of that 'pretzel' essence. a.k.a., too much damn sea salt. It was bad enough eating one each, I can't imagine anyone seriously sitting and eating all three by themselves. I'm not sure if their dessert wines or whatever would've helped counteracted the taste, a part of me doubts it. It was even worse that we had all three of the desserts... once tasting the truffle, everything else was almost unbearable. The taste kind of lingered in my mouth/stomach for a good hour or so afterwards, and one of my friends complained of a stomachache when she flew back home. Overall, despite the congestion, the service was pretty good, the pricing was also nice (I personally would pay less for ramen in general though), the Spicy Miso Ramen is pretty good for the most part, and the desserts are an acquired taste. Pretzel truffle definitely a no if you don't want HBP or have a pint of milk stashed in your bag. I would come again, definitely not for dinner service, definitely never on a weekend again.
I came to New York during the holidays and asked my friends for food suggestions. I was directed here along with a few other spots around town. I arrived at Momofuku and it was packed! It took so long to struggle to get to the front where the girl with the iPad can take my name down. She told me that the wait will be an hour and a half. Since I was already there I agreed and placed my name on the wait. An hour and a half later I received a text notifying me that my table was ready. At this point I was starving, my boyfriend and I placed our order immediately after sitting down. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Ramen, he got the Momofuku Ramen and the pork buns to share. Everything was mediocre.  The pork had no flavor and lacked hoisin sauce to make up for the flavor. The Momofuku Ramen had a beautiful presentation, but tasted quite plain and just downright bland. My Spicy Chicken Ramen was better, the soup had depth to it however it was not spicy at all. The chicken in my soup was probably the best thing here, it was crispy and remained that way until the last bite. This restaurant was overrated.
Very important. Five stars is for the quality of the food, but BE AWARE, IT IS IMPORTANT WHAT YOU ORDER. Most come for the Momofuku ramen and the pork buns. I'll focus on the pork buns first. Pork buns are good, same as the ones at all the other Momofuku restaurants. I wouldn't say amazing, but that may just be because I am Chinese and I have had more authentic / less fatty / WAY cheaper pork buns in my life. Second, don't be fooled by the self-named ramen. It's not what I would rate 5 stars. Granted, I don't like ramen. But hands down, best meal I had in New York (and I am a huge foodie) was the Spicy Chili Noodle dish with cashews and basil. Sounds weird..I'm not a fan of cashews or spicy food, but this was absolutely incredible. Let me tell you--I could eat this dish every day, every meal. If you can't stand spicy food, another 5 star dish is the Ginger Scallion Noodle. Not quite as good, but still, I would eat this every meal. So I know what you are thinking--still try to order the Momofuku ramen because its named after the restaurant. But please don't, you will be underwhelmed. PLEASE if there is one thing I can impart to you in life, it is, order the Spicy Chili Noodles. They will rock your world.
Actually would give this place a 3.5. I think I went to the old location, and the ingredients were great...but I was expecting mind-blowing ramen.  And it was great, don't get me wrong, but I feel it was a little overhyped.  I do love their use of the Berkshire pork though.  Yummy fatty goodness. I like the assortment of other items on the menu, though, although it's a bit expensive.  The best part?  Getting to sit at the bar and watch the head chef do his thing, call orders, etc.  Watching the dance of the cooks as they prepared the meals.  That was the best part, which I really really enjoyed...so much that I can't remember the food as much :).
I'm going to have to disagree with a lot of people on this one.  One of the best ramen places in NYC?  One of the best restaurants in the US?  I'm sorry, but I think most definitely not.  Here's why: This joint has been so hyped up by friends and media that I finally decided I felt like dishing out a ridiculous $16 for the ramen here.  Ordered the Momofuku Ramen.  It smelled great, looked great, but tasted mediocre, at best.  Actually, that entire night I kept thinking back to how bad it actually was.  Bleh.  I wouldn't give it one star bad, but it really wasn't satisfying at all. I got a good amount of pork shoulder and pork belly in my soup -The pork belly was a very pale pink/peach color and had no flavor whatsoever, and the pork shoulder had somewhat of a faint smoked flavor but not much more.  The soup itself was way too salty.  It had that smoky taste to it, which I don't believe suits the dish.  The noodles were good though, slightly on the firm side.  Overall not a very good tasting noodle soup. Oh, and for the spicy fans out there: they don't have an option for spicy paste like similar places and when you ask, they offer you sriracha.  Sriracha in my $16 ramen?  No thank you.
My friend and I decided on a whim to head over to Momofuku for an early dinner to avoid the lines. We got there at 5:20 pm (without really noting when it would open) and took our place near the front of the line for the first seating.. all luck. We got seats at the bar closer to the entrance, and ordered the following: pork buns - definitely different from the version i made while using the momofuku cookbook. soft, dripping with juices.. mmm, so good. brussels sprouts - super flavorful, loved the addition of bonito roasted pig tails (special of the evening) - eminiscent of oxtails in texture, but smaller. the sauce that coated it was nice and flavorful. the tail pieces came with pear pickles which paired with it very nicely. another win. pan seared foie gras - i wasn't super impressed with this preparation. it was good but the sauce lacked a strong flavor point.. it either needed to be more savory or more sweet. the foie itself was nice and flavorful, but the dish lacked oomph. momofuku ramen - this was actually the biggest disappointment for me. the broth was not flavorful enough, although the noodles were excellent (chewy and soft at the same time). overall, we left really satisfied with our meal (the less impressive dishes came at the end, so we were already happy by the time the foie came). will totally be back next time for an early dinner =]
It's overhyped. It's overrated. It's overpriced. That being said, Momofuku still delivers solid ramen and obviously, the pork buns are outstanding. Didn't get it, but the fried chicken special looks awesome... gonna have to check that out next time I come here.
I have to say too - the service here is excellent. Came back with my parents and we ordered one prix fixe as well as the pork buns (duh) and a ginger-scallion ramen for the three of us. They were totally cool with us doing that and paced it perfectly. Everything was delicious this time too.
The atmosphere of this place is very minimalistic with walls of blonde paneled wood. The music is loud and rocking and the crowd young and boisterous. If you are coming here expect a wait so try and get here earlyish. What struck me as a bit odd was the fact that you are seated with complete strangers and seating is quite cramped in an effort to make use of the long shape of the restaurant (the storefront is small while the rest of the restaurant is set back). The wait staff are mixed, while some are friendly and attentive others are cold and indifferent. My reason for coming here was that I had heard about this place for so long and was thrilled when given the opportunity to try this place. We started off with an order of Pork Buns, and Roasted Rice Cakes,  a Jar of Kimchee, and lastly a big bowl of Momofuku Ramen to share. The Pork Buns were as legendary as I had expected. When they first arrived I was apprehensive about how they would taste since I am not a big fan of Pork Belly and they didn't look too appetizing, however let me tell you how wrong I was to doubt them. For those of you who don't know what a pork bun is or what it consists of, a pork bun is basically composed of a piece of steamed bread similar to Chinese mantou filled with meat or vegetables. The bread wrapper was slightly sweet and perfectly soft and fluffy, definitely fresh. The pork belly was unctuous and melted in your mouth. The sauce was perfectly sweet and salty, while the cucumbers were refreshing. The combination of the three elements of taste was just heavenly. I could've eaten those all day, except for the fact that I would be so fat. Next the Roasted Rice Cakes which consisted of traditional Korean rice cakes cooked perfectly and covered in the typical hot bean paste or gochujang. The rice cakes were slightly crispy on the exterior, however I felt that the slight crispiness made the texture slightly odd. I much prefer the regular ddukbokki over this preparation of rice cakes. The Kimchee was the best I've ever had. I normally hate kimchee, but what I liked about this one was its spiciness. This one was replete with red pepper as well as garlic so the flavors were really amped up. Lastly we shared a steaming bowl of Momofuku Ramen. The noodles were garnished with a soft poached egg, pork belly, pork shoulder, naruto fish cake, cabbage, and nori. The noodles were perfectly cooked so that they were springy and chewy. The poached egg was my favorite part, other that the noodles, as it was so soft and the yolk added a nice creaminess.The pork shoulder I felt was too salty as was the broth. The cabbage was a nice addition though as was the naruto fish cake. Not the best bowl of noodles I've ever had, but a good one. We finished off dinner with the Peach Soft Serve, which is not creamy but quite icy and more similar to a sorbet. Don't get me wrong though the "Peach Soft Serve" sure was delicious. The peach flavor was very prominent, tangy and not too sweet. The iciness made this dessert very refreshing. I really loved that at the bottom of the cup there was some kind of sesame and sugar crushed brittle of some sort. Great food and decent prices.
A little bit overpriced, but best pork in the city. Pork buns and momofuku ramen are can't miss.
pork buns, pork buns, pork buns. the $20 lunch prix fixe is also such a deal! 1 hour wait Friday night, no wait Saturday 3pm.
My buddy wanted some ramen and we were in the area for lunch, so we decided to try this place given all the things I've heard about it.  We were seated quickly, but the place was very packed at like 1:30 on a Thursday.  Very cool decor and ambiance as well. I will preface this by saying I'm no ramen expert - but I was very unimpressed with the food.   I had the Momofuku ramen and my friend had the sesame miso ramen.  I could not differentiate the noodles from the noodles I have eaten from Top Ramen.  The pork belly was excellent, but the shoulder wasn't very flavorful, and there was not a lot of it in the soup.  My friend also agreed his dish was a bit light on the meat.  I still enjoyed my meal, I just wasn't wow'ed or anything, and the broth was a bit salty for my tastes as well. $40 after tax and tip for just the two bowls of ramen was a bit steep for what we got too.  It got me thinking that we probably could've headed to a different spot and gotten equivalent or better food for ~60-70% of the cost. I probably won't be back.
This gem in the East Village had such a good reputation we came up from Maryland to come try. We stopped in for lunch and had a minimal wait. Our waitress was very "New York"-ish with green hair and a nose ring, but it didn't seem out of the ordinary. Once we were seated we ordered almost everything on the menu, and ate every bit. We all ordered the Momofuku Ramen which was very tasty and hit the right spot. We also got the Shiitake Mushroom, Pork, Brisket, and Shrimp Buns. The shrimp buns had a nice spiciness and the pork buns were succulent. Also, try the SOY EGG! It may sound odd, but it'll be the best 2 bucks you'll ever spend. Despite eating all this, we still had room for dessert and decided on the pretzel truffles. Perfect mix of salty and sweet, crunchy and moist in your mouth. Great service, better food, and a cool atmosphere/decor. Would certainly come back again!
I've had Momofuku bookmarked for about a year so I had very high expectations coming in here. Not to mention that Iron Chef Morimoto voted Momofuku's Ramen #1 in the East Village in an nymag Grub Street post a few months ago. Before our behinds even hit the seats, my dining partner, Kevin L., stealthily put in an order for the steamed pork buns. I do prefer the ones at Ippudo slightly more - theirs is sweet and spicy. The ones here have pork belly and the fat makes it so tasty. The bun wrapper itself I find to be better at Ippudo where it's moist and fluffy. The one here was on the drier side. All in all, still good and a must to have if you're here. I had the Momofuku Ramen which has pork belly, shredded pork and a poached egg. Pork belly makes everything taste good and it was certainly the best part of the dish. The broth was aromatic but unremarkable. The noodles were ever-so-slightly undercooked. At $16, it's the most expensive bowl of ramen I've ever had and I'd be hard-pressed to come here more than once or twice a year. This is Momofuku's new location which is supposedly larger than the old location. It's either sit at the bar of one of the communal tables. It's brightly lit and very casual.
I am a sad, miserable, wretch of a person completely unable and unwilling to acknowledge that I might experience any joy from someone else's work, much less give anybody any praise for any talent that they may have. So you must understand how much it pains me to write the following review, in which I basically fall all over myself fawning over Momofuku Noodle Bar. *heavy sigh* For me to talk with too much specificity about the menu would be pointless, as there are seasonal dishes that rotate in and out (As they should), but let's just talk about some of the perennial favorites, shall we? The pork buns are  a must-order, as they are sort of a calling card of the momofuku empire. Much has been written about these soft pockets of porky goodness, so I won't waste my breath, but really, you must order them. (I totally prefer these to the Ippudo pork buns, but they are a close second) As MNB is a noodle bar, you cannot go wrong with the Ramen. Masaharu Morimoto thinks it's the best in the city. (I happen to prefer the Akamaru Modern at Ippudo, but that was after going back and forth between the two for months).  Not in a brothy mood? The chllled spicy noodles are cold, sweet, and SPICY. They don't mess around when they say SPICY. See how I capitialize SPICY? There, i did it three times. Finish your meal off with one of their soft serve ice creams. I've had such unique flavors as pie crust, and cereal milk, they never disappoint. Sounds great, right?  This was my 5 star experience with Noodle Bar til last night, when I got to partake in the Fried Chicken Dinner.  It took months of trying to get a reservation (especially in what appears to be a period of Fried Chicken MANIA going on right now in the city), but it was well worth it. If I could give another star, I would. from the website: "the fried chicken dinner includes two whole fried chickens, one southern style and one korean style. the dinner comes with mu shu pancakes, long spicy peppers, baby carrots, red ball radishes, shiso leaves, bibb lettuce, four sauces and an herb basket." Our reservation of 7 turned out to be just a party of four by the time we got to sit down, which meant A LOT of food. It's hard for me to choose between the two styles, I think the combination of the two work brilliantly together. You put together one with the pancake, lettuce, jalapeno-garlic sauce and the southern chicken, then the next with the korean style chicken in lettuce and the scallion ginger sauce, then another one with both pancake and lettuce and radishes and both styles of chicken, the combinations are endless and endlessly satisfying. Service is always really helpful and knowledgable, food is always great. *sigh*
The buns, or "gua bao" were DELICIOUS (I had the spicy shrimp one) and it was amazing how the sriracha sauce actually complemented the taste rather than steal the show as what the sriracha sauce usually does. But $14 for two--the price was WAY STEEP. The momofuku ramen for $16 was NOT WORTH IT. Tasted like burnt ass. The noodle quality was great, but the soup base is pretty horrible. The Spicy Miso Ramen for $15 was better, but still not great. I was disappointed. We didn't wait because we arrived right before it opened, along with a large group of other people already waiting. The price is way to expensive for the food it offers.
Didn't come here for noodles. Came here for the pork buns. Probably in the top 3 best eats I had in New York. Keep in mind that this was my 5th meal that day cause I was on a eating spree.. and it was still beyond delicious. Momofuku pork buns, ILU.
Ups: sit at the kitchen bar - awesome view of the kitchen, the momofuku ramen is awesome but the dry noodles are fantastic, esp. the ones with spicy sausage, love the junmai unfiltered sake and of course the pork buns Downs: wait can be brutal Overall: other than the wait its hard to find anything to complain about with any of the Momofuku spots...especially if you order a pork dish. The only advice i have for people is to try new things. They always experiment with menus at the Momofuku spots so try out new things...you probably cant go wrong.
Okay, so not a great place for vegetarians. But the one vegetarian dish - ginger scallion noodles - is fantastic. Very salty. And it took about half an hour after ordering. But I'll be back for more. Don't bring a nice or large handbag. It will end up on the floor or you'll be left holding it in your lap if you sit at the cramped tables. There are hooks at the bar. Which is where I'll be sitting next time.
I came here for the fried chicken dinner. The reservation system is insane, and we were only able to get a 2pm lunch reservation (a month in advance). Well, I can say it was absolutely worth the wait! The only reason I gave it 4 stars was due to the southern style chicken coming out room temperature, and it was still amazing. Great service, they even took off half price on the chicken when we asked if it was intentionally room temp (it was meant to be hot).
I went there for a lunch, not excpecting something in particular, just to try as the reviews where good in general, and it's one of the new places to try in east village!! the design of the place is cold but not so bad, the crowd is middle age and the music not so loud for a lunch. We were sitting at the bar and me and my bf have the lunch prix fixe menu... for 20$ you have an oyster bun ( absolutely delicious), a bowl of noodles and grilled pork, ramen style, tasty even if it was a bit to salty for me... as a desert you'll get like 3 balls with a tangerine taste, not so bad if you like sugar!! So i'll invite you to try the food which is good and the price is correct but the staff sucks a lot! the waitress was very rude, no smile, no more than the strict minimum... i had a very bad feeling with her, and she was doing the sames things to everyone in the restaurant.... It could be much better with someone else than this girl... so i won't get there anymore...
Noodles are pretty good, love the pork buns!
I am seriously so obsessed with their Ginger scallion noodles! It is mind blowing!! No lie, I can't get over it and I cannot stop thinking about it or craving for it now that I am over 2500 miles away. I've never had cold ramen this way before, each bite was like a taste of heaven. Good lord, I still crave for it everyday. Gonna try to make it at home here in CA, but I'm sure it won't even come close. We also got the pork bun which was very good as well. Very soft and tender. The roasted rice cake appetizer was good too. It's similar to korean doboki except the rice cakes are fried. I don't recommend ordering too many appetizers as the noodle dishes are quite large and they give you a ton of noodles. Service was good. It took about 40-50 mins to get a table for 2 at about 9pm on a weekday.. crazy for a weekday, but this place is definitely worth the wait. It's kind of like cafeteria style seating inside.. you're literally sitting right next to the people next to you as there's no space in between the tables. When I revisit NY, this is definitely one of the places I will be hitting up again.
The 5 stars are for the ginger scallion noodles.  They are so amazingly deliciously mind blowing my good.  The wait was about 35 min for 2 people around 9pm.  We went to get drinks at Simone nearby and they texted us when it was time.  You have 10 min to respond and get back to the restaurant.  We had the pork buns, momofuku ramen, and ginger scallion noodles.  The buns and ramen are good.  I'd give them 4 stars.  But the noodles are like 10 stars.  Get them.
$16 for a bowl of momofuku ramen?!?!!?!! are you kidding me? That's even more that Ipuddo! :0!!! Yes they have 2 different types of pork and the soft boiled egg...but still, anyone who has a temperature controlled pot can produce a soft-boiled egg like that, no need to hype it up like crazy! $16 is waaaay too hefty for 1 SMALL BOWL OF RAMEN I don't care if  David Chang made that bowl of ramen himself! ....I say small even when it comes in a big bowl cause it's made to look big but in reality it's smaller than it looks :0 ....the soup was OK, the noodles were OK, the pork was OK, and oden was OK, the menma was OK and the egg was a little better than OK....which leads to my verdict of overall = A-OK!!!! @_^ Oh and the pork buns...they were A-OK, but  + a  little dab of sriracha made it = A+ OK ! :)
I've been on this weird ramen seeking search and destroy mission for the last 6 months, so i've been knocking out ramen places in NYC at a decent clip.  (Damn you Ramen Dojo [King of all Ramen in my lifetime] in the Bay Area yelp.com/biz/ramen-dojo-… for giving me ramen fetish). Noodle Bar's ramen definitely ranks as around average.  Usually there are a three criteria on how I judge a good bowl of ramen. 1.  Are the noodles cooked perfectly? Yes.  The noodles are cooked perfectly at noodle bar 2.  Is the broth tastier than Jessica Alba's bathwater?  (See Ramen Dojo review) No.  Most disappointing part of my experience here.  There wasn't much taste to the broth.  If I am going to intake that much sodium, it needs to taste good. 3.  Extra ingredients in the broth I would say slightly above average.  Poached egg was a nice touch.  So was the dry seaweed. On another note, the pork buns for some reason weren't as good as Momofuku Ssam Bar.  Seemed harder to eat and not as tasty or flavorful. Overall an average experience.  Definitely not the worst though. Must seek out more ramen.......
It was really hard to decide between 4 and 5 stars. The food was good, but there is just so much hype around David Chang and Momofuku that it didn't quite live up to my expectations. The pork buns were good but nothing I would fight over. The ramen and ginger scallion noodles were also good, but I didn't really want to eat an entire bowl of either. By the end of the meal, the buns and noodles were too filling to leave room for dessert unfortunately. The wine/cheese frozen yogurt sounded very intriguing, with room to be either an utter disaster or a captivating flavor combo.
Best. Pork. Buns. Ever. Really, I know it says Noodle Bar, but I come for the pork buns.  Light, fluffy, perfectly cooked/steamed bread surounding 2 pieces of juicy, perfectly seasoned pork belly.  Makes me want some RIGHT NOW.  I've tried them all really, the buns that is, but the pork is my favorite. The noodles are also good, and can easily serve 2-3 people, but again...I come here for the pork buns.  The spicy potato chips are anything but spicy, but still crispy and tasty. Did I mention how great the pork buns are? They are also busy, ALWAYS, that you might just want to consider eating at the bar instead of the table.  The space is casual and if you do choose table seating, be prepared to sit with others if you didn't bring a large party yourself. Oh yeah, and don't forget to order the pork buns ;-)
Would you like to know how far the collective obsession of David Chang has gone? He openly admitted in the first issue of Lucky Peach that he swapped out actual pork bones and meat for dried shittakes in the Noodle Bar broth. I really don't even know where to begin here except that I must marvel at his continued ability to say whatever the hell he wants without suffering repercussions even if its tantamount to him admitting that when you order a hitachino he serves you a pbr. I've been here 5 or so times over the past 3 years. The first time i went the ramen was a borderline revelation and and each time since it has been worse than the last. I always thoroughly enjoy the market driven sides more so than the noodles and was really happy with the fried chicken dinner.  Definitely worth it if you can max out on the amount of people... So to summarize, when you go to the noodle bar if you stay away from the noodles you may end up leaving happy.
We got there early and were seated right away,  once the restaurant opened. Even though the place filled quickly our service was prompt and courteous. The food was as to be expected; absolutely, jaw-droppingly amazing. Our ramen was hot and delicious. The Momofuku branded sake was also excellent.
just beat the lunch rush! my mom and i had great seats right by the kitchen bar. seeing them prep everything made us super hungry. (especially when i saw a heaping plate of fried chicken pass by) we had the momofuku ramen and pork buns just so my mom had a chance to try the classics. pork buns were fat and delicious and the ramen had a very clean but flavorful broth (unlike many ramen places i've tried which tend to have very salty broth) noodle was bouncy. good texture. it was really filling even though it only looked like it filled up half the giant bowl. need to come back to try the chicken!
Remember jaded new yorkers - David Chang and Momofuku made Ramen cool. Before this place (and still for most places) ramen meant a opening a package and dumping its contents into boiling water. This is not ramen - it is Momofuku Ramen. Unlike most ramen restaurants in town, this place makes the noodles and broth fresh. The result is pure deliciousness... tender pork, rich egg, perfect buckwheat noodles. I think I'll head there for lunch.
i feel this place is just okay... i was there when they first opened years ago, and i got another chance to try again recently. both experiences are just average. i had their soup noodles which reminded me of my mom's cooking when she was too busy to cook and just threw every leftover available in the fridge into a pot to make soup noodles... i also tried the kimchi stew which is a little too salty for my taste...
Compared to other known ramen restaurants such as Ippudo & Toto Ramen, the Momofuku ramen has claimed the spot as my favorite by far. What strikes me most about ramen is the broth --- the quality and fat saturation. The Momofuku ramen is not too salty, most broth are either too salty or water down but the broth from the Momofuku ramen is just perfect. However, the vegetarian broth is rich but way too salty for me.
For a place with such hype, you'd expect something more than normal ramen and pork buns. No twist, no creativity, just...ramen and pork buns. Alternatives: the nearby Graffiti has better pork buns and Ippudo has better ramen.
Herro derr rucky peach. Pork buns, BAM. Ginger scallion noodles without broth, BAM. Apple pie truffles, BAM. I took a look at the fried chicken dinner (at 2pm) and almost had a heart attack. The good kind. Love. Love. Love.
Ehh...I've eaten here once so maybe my review is going to be a bit bias.  FIrst impressions are lasting impressions as my interview coach tells me.  Also, make sure you have a stern handshake.  Anywho, there was a bit of a hype before I checked this place out so maybe I was expecting something spectacular.  We decided to go randomly on a Saturday night and had to wait a few since it was pretty packed.  Packed? That's a good thing.  Expectations just went up.  I ordered the Momofuku Ramen.  When it came out, it looked amazing! Expectations just jumped to the fill line! I taste it and like a balloon being popped with a needle my expectations deflate.  It looks way better than it tastes.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad.  But, it wasn't good either.  The noodles had a strange texture to them as well.   Being the fair person that I am, I would go back and give it another go.  Maybe if friends are in town and want to check it out.  Orrrrrr.  Yea. Meh.
I finally went to momofuku. Even by 11:53am (it opens at 12) theres already a crowd of people outside. Just like T W., I was also disappointed by the ramen. It was more of a shoyu based ramen that was annoyingly salty. I did like the slice of pork though. luckily there's a water girl moving around fairly quickly, so you wont get dehydrated. But seriously I just felt my sodium levels go up a bit. Though I liked the touch of the poached egg to make the soup creamier, it was still too salty. The noodles reminded me of the refrigerated instant ramen that you can get in sunrise or jas mart. I'm sorry but I dont think I'll come back here for the ramen. (go to ippudo instead.) I liked the pork buns a lot though.  It reminded me of the pork buns in china town, but better. I think it was that nice juicy chuck of fat that I bit into that made me love it. Deliciousness is always spelled with artery clogging ingredients.
I had been hearing about this place for years, from locals and even out of towners, so I decided to finally make my trek to Momofuku.  Went with a friend who was just as excited as I was to explore the possibilities of this much talked about restaurant.  The place is packed when we arrive which only heightens our taste receptors more as we salivate over the possibilities on the menu.  We decided the try the pork buns I've heard so much about and the scallops.   When our pork buns arrived I was a little disappointed to find that $10 only gets you two of them but  the buns (filled with pork belly) were incredibly delicious.  It looked like more of a steamed bun sandwich stuffed with a few fresh veggies and this tasty spread, it was gone almost immediately.  Very tasty but kind of a heavy hit to the wallet considering I usually get a dozen mouth watering buns in Chinatown for the same price. Finally after a long wait our scallops arrived, all two of them.  "wtf? these better be the best fucking scallops I've had for $17."  I suppose they didn't lie to me, the menu did have say "scallops", I guess two tiny scallops is considered plural.  Anyway, first bite comes and... disappointing.  I was not impressed with their method of preparation, anyone can salt and pepper a scallop.  To their credit they didn't overcook them which is common of places that do not know how to properly handle seafood, but still $8.50 per scallop is a ridiculous price for something that doesn't cause my mouth to cum.   Pleased with the pork buns but so mislead by the price and taste of the scallop(s).  If I ever return it will be to try the noddles and nothing else.
I got the momofuku ramen, which I thought was a good sized portion with an egg, veggie and pork belly(mmm...my fav). I like my broth on the salty side (as I do most things) so I enjoyed the ramen. I have to say though that I wouldn't normally opt to pay $20 for JUST ramen, but I had to try it at least once. However, I loved the lychee soju slushie! I would come back just for that.
I had dinner here this past Sunday with a few friends before we headed to a gig they were scheduled to play.  After an exhausting two week adventure, the tour was coming to a close, and most of us were in a sort of daze, but our appetites were the one thing keeping us focused and driven.  Fortunately enough, we were in New York City, where there isn't a single block without at least one worthwhile dining experience.  Momofuku, at its core, is a ramen noodle joint, so I was excited to see what kind of spin could be taken on that to make this such a great dining experience. FIRST IMPRESSIONS: Nestled into it's location in the East Village, Momofuku features a stylish, minimalistic ambience, drawing from the harmonious simplicity of Japanese design.  It doesn't open until around 6, but even when we showed up right around that time, there were people waiting to be seated, which says to me that this place must be pretty good if it's able to attract a crowd waiting for it to open in lieu of going to any of the thousands of other restaurants, even among the great spots packed within a few block's radius. THE FOOD: We tried the pork buns, a momofuku ramen noodle bowl, a chilled spicy summer noodle bowl, some compressed rice cakes, and the special of the day: crispy pig tails!  The pork buns were definitely the highlight, especially with a shot of sriracha (rooster) sauce.  One word: mouthgasm.  I can't remember the last time my entire mouth went numb and my face flushed warm and tingly...but it happened the first bite I took, for a few moments I couldn't even chew.  The crispy pig tails were a little tough to get my head around, even tougher to get back into eating something whole and then spitting the bones out.  Even still, the texture of the meat on the tails was incredible.  The chilled spicy noodles were also very good, but as some of the other reviews say about the signature Momfuku noodle bowl, that was a little too salty.  It has egg, pork, greens and seaweed sheets, all executed perfectly, but yeah that broth got to be a little too much as I made my way further into the bowl.  On top of that, I've never been able to finish one of these giant noodle bowls at any place, so this was no exception. THE SERVICE: Friendly, and pretty knowledgeable, although mildly condescending, in that special New York hipster way.  That week, anything that even hinted at that sort of attitude made my entire experience sour.  I hate feeling like I have to be apologetic when asking for something at a restaurant.  At any rate, the food here was good enough that I wasn't concerned with anything else. THE PRICING: It's not cheap for most out-of-towners, but then again, it certainly isn't too expensive for New York.  The textures and flavors of the food are unique and something to be enjoyed and experienced to the fullest, so they have reason to charge what they charge. THE BOTTOM LINE: Upon exiting the restaurant, I saw a couple of dudes pass by and when one saw Momofuku, he started raving to the other about the ramen noodles they served.  It has a reputation, it lives up to that reputation, at least to some measure, and it is, without a doubt, worth checking out.
First of all, if you wanna try their fried chicken, you must create an account so you can make a  reservation online.  Yes, online. They have a reservation grid for each week, spanning only for 4 weeks. Reservation starts at 10am. You are allowed to make  reservation twice a week. If you cancel one of them, that still counts as twice. Then bring the "print out" of your confirmed reservation. Whew, you would think that chickens are suddenly endangered. Still wanna go? Ok. Of course when you raise the bar because of hype, you're usually bound for disappointment. The Korean fried chickens came in wings...and red. Crunchy from the honey glaze, but somewhat lacking in flavour. It came in four sauces but none of them seem to pair well with these sweet 'n so-called spicy wings. The Southern style chickens fared no better. Huge.  Crispy on the outside while moist inside and pink near the bone. I was afraid to go further. The vinegar sauce with jalapeno and garlic was a good dip for this, if only to create a better flavour. Now the mushu pancake and the bowl of veggies...I don't know what to do with them. You can build a chicken wrap, that's what they're for. However,  I was lost looking for that amazing taste people are talking about. That doesn't mean you shouldn't try Momofuku Noodle Bar. I mean, the first time I came here, pork buns and ramen left me unimpressed. This time though, the pork buns were exceptional. Thick jiggly slices of pork bellies and cucumber wrapped in this soft white buns, all melted in my mouth.  The sauce, it's all about the sauce, tied them all together like a happy marriage. Pork buns redeemed the night that I am willing to overlook the overpriced chickies. Momofuku ramen remains mediocre. Our server was quick and efficient. Everyone was patient and helpful. One was even grungy cute. Yes you, the guy with a knit hat sporting a goatie and an awkward smile. But remember, reviews are a matter of personal taste. Just sayin'.
I was so excited to come here, and was happy when we didnt have to wait long for a table at 7:30.  Pork buns would have been better if they had actually been filled with pork meat instead of the pure fat I got in my bun. The Momofuku ramen tasted like somebody accidentally knocked over the salt shaker into my bowl. Inedible. Will be going to Ippudo next time.
awesome noodles - def worth waiting for an hour to be seated, great low-key atmosphere made up of all crowds.
Pork Buns may possibly be the best thing I've ever eaten! A must when in New York.
I eat here all time and it is always amazing! You must try the pork buns, kimchi and pickle jar.
Everybody needs a little KFC. ...Korean Fried Chicken that is. I had set a reminder in my outlook Calendar for 9:58 AM.  Every morning I was reminded me to login to Momofuku's reservation system to fight for 1 of 4 available weeknight reservations for Momo fried chicken - for a MONTH out.  My tenacity paid off and I scored a resy 4 weeks out.  I had a month to read tweets, blogs and articles about David Chang's now-famous fried chicken dinner.  My appetite was sufficiently teased and whetted for a whole month. Last night was my big momo-effin night.  It was time to take on Colonel David Chang.  My party of 6 was seated at our reserved table and munched on some of the 7-spice chips.  Not long after did our server bring 4 different types of sauces, a bowl of fresh crudites and spices and moo shu pancakes.  And then came the most gorgeous plate of fried indiscretions I had ever seen.  A huge plate (see photo) of Southern-style and Korean fried chicken was placed in front of me. This was probably the first time in many, many years that I was excited to get all up in some breasts.  Wasting no time, I grabbed a pancake, threw on a bunch of sauces (the hoisin is especially good), fresh herbs and veggies and laid a huge piece of Korean Fried Chicken in there.  With one big bite I felt all sorts of wonderful things going on in my oral and pelvic regions.  This was love. Between the 6 of us we managed to eat most (not all) of this gorgeous plate of delicious fried poultry.  Consensus was that the Korean recipe was the best but that southern-fried was also very good.  Hell, I don't give a shit which one you put in front of me.  I will eat all of that tender fried deliciousness at the drop of a dime.  Most notable was that though it was fried chicken it was not greasy at ALL and the chicken was moist, tender and fell right off the bone. The fried chicken dinner, while ridiculously difficult to get a reservation, is totally worth the $100 it costs.  So between 6 people, it's like $20 per person with tax and tip for the dinner.  I am Josh A and I approve of this message.
Really enjoyed my meal & experience here but not sure I'd come back unless the wait was guaranteed to be less than 30 min. There are far too many delicious spots in NYC to wait for over an hour here - but ... on to the good stuff that gives Momofuku Noodle Bar 4 stars: - The waitstaff are more than glad to make your wait less painful with drink service inside. - The pork buns had HUGE slices of pork although I wouldn't say they are the best I've ever had. - The spicy noodle dish was delish - but not for the faint of tongue. - The ambiance is lively and warm with tad of trendy. - The tamales are a nice appetizer and delish! Try it. I'll be back if I can avoid the line!
Momofuko... eh... might as well call it "MomoFUCKYOU". The food is meh... OK... but highly OVER-RATED!
The momofuku ramen is pretty damn good but it's a bit salty. I've never been able to finish a full bowl of ramen or maybe because they give you a lot. I haven't had a chance to try the fried chicken but would like to one day. Staff is always friendly and it's always clean.
This is my regular joint. For my last meal on earth, give me pork buns and rice cake. They are that good. Their stable items are rock solid. You can't go wrong with the ramen or rice cake or bucket of chicken wings (you heard me right...). But the daily special may be hit and miss. The line is ALWAYS long, but the wait is worth it. I enjoy the community bench, easy to strike a conversation. The music may be too loud to carry a descent conversation. The servers are hipsters wanna be, but most of them are nice and friendly enough. Overall, it's worth the wait and price. Come early if waiting is not your cup of tea. Of course you can order beer and drink while you wait.
We were trying to get to the sister restaurant, which was closed because it was late on a Sunday evening. The pork buns and the sandwhiches and everything was yummy. I usually don't like a lot of asian fusion places but I liked this one! Mmmm must go back to New York for the food!
Best Ramen soup I have ever had. I love to go here during the week for work lunch breaks ...extremely fast and professional service at the noodle bar. Have tried every type of their ramen and all great. Pork buns awesome.
Worst ramen ever. Wife and I walked out after one bite each. Americanized Korean Japanese wannabe ramen. I can make better at home with Sapporo Ichiban. Broth taste like pork oil. I understand it is "fusion" but this Japanese ramen does not work. Noodles are too soft with no texture. Don't waste your money here if you're looking for Japanese noodle.
great food and service  a bit pricey and noisy but all worth it    pork buns outstanding and pig tail  yes pig tail was also delicious
Believe the hype.  This place was great.  I had the scallion noodles which were divine full of buttery/scallion flavor.  I also had their delicious shrimp buns which just melted in my mouth.   I got take-out but the service was still outstanding.  I am still dreaming about the dishes a few weeks later.
Not sure what all of the hype is all about.  My family had heard so much about the Momofuku chain that we had to take the subway from our Uptown Hotel just to go there for lunch.  Pork Buns (prefer my pork BBQ'd when in a bun) and Chicken Wings were nothing special while the Momofuku Ramen and Spicy Ramen were disappointing. Ramen is all about the broth and a good quality chewy noodle.  The broth should demonstrate a complexity from many, many hours of preparation...days even.  The noodles should be chewy and memorable.  No such luck here.  We usually finish our ramen broth; however, there was a slight bitter after taste to the Momofuku Broth while the Spicy Ramen broth was not that spicy.  My family has been to many Ramen restaurants  and we all agreed that we have had much better.   As for the service and atmosphere, we all agreed the service was excellent and the decor modern and upscale.  Come on David Chang....concentrate on the food and not all of that other stuff...car commercials, tv food judging.....etc...
I do not like the new location at all.  S'cute, but dining there is unnappealing.  Seems like the bigger space has only invited those waiting for a table to crowd up the front of the restaurant and bother diners with their loud, hipstery chat.  I guess that is good for the owners, but I'm not at all anxious to go back.  Space is TIGHT.  They must have thought of this, however, as they were clever enough to place hooks underneath the bar to hang coats and purses, etc. The second reason I am not anxious to go back is the food.  The pork and chicken buns continue to be off the hook, but the Berkshire pork ramen has lost something.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but I used to crave that stuff.  Now it's just whatever.  Joolz had the kimchi stew and was not at all thrilled with it, saying that it was the worst she had ever tasted.  My guess is that anyone not well-versed in the ways of the kimchi will love it, though. I continue to be amused that they very unapologetically have only one vegetarian option.  I love the chef here.  Something about a guy not willing to do things just because it's trendy nowadays. Heh heh heh! *rubs hands together in an evil way*
I figured that everything under the Momofuku brand would be amazing. It's as if I've been conditioned to react in such a way in the presence of the Chang empire. God, I'm such a fool. Okay, so the noodle bar shares some of it's dishes with the Ssam Bar, such as their amazing steamed pork buns and charred octopus, but their main focus here is their ramen of course. Well that's a bummer, cause their broth is seriously over salted. I literally felt my entire face shrivel up into a dried prune after my first sip. Eeek! The texture of the noodles were good, the toppings were good, but why did they ruin it by sticking a block of salt into my bowl? That's Blasphemy!   Luckily, at the end of the day there was the pork buns to save Chang's behind. I still won't be back here anytime soon though. It gets overcrowded at times, and I'm not about to wait for some over salted noodles, buns or no buns.
I was so happy to be displeased with Momofuku. You see, there is a culinary battle of sorts, between David Chang, and San Francisco chefs. Chang stated:  "Fuckin' every restaurant in San Francisco is just serving figs on a plate. Do something with your food," Ugh. So yes, I went in wanting to punch David Chang in the face. I'll admit that. However, some good friends were in from London, and really wanted to check out Momofuku. So, begrudgingly, I went....but with an open mind. We started with some uni. Now, mind you, when uni is naturally creamy, delicious, and luscious. For some reason, Mr. Chang thought it would be a great idea to slather some sort of disgusting mayo sauce on the uni, COMPLETELY ruining the gorgeous flavor that uni naturally possesses. FAIL. You see, this is where I think that Chang is wrong. Why does he feel that plopping mayo on uni, ruining the flavor, is "doing something" with his food? Please. If your palate is so wrecked that you cannot enjoy the simplicity of something like a perfectly ripe fig, or a gorgeous piece of fish, then you are really missing something. We then had some sort of sashimi, which I was generally unimpressed with, and shared some of the "famous" pork buns. Seriously, go to SF's chinatown, you will find better pork buns there for 75 cents a pop. I will say that the service was fantastic, and the host was so wonderful, hard working, and gracious.   So, David Chang, on behalf of all San Franciscans, and members of the California culinary world... "SUCK IT!"
I'd up this to 4 stars if they removed the "Noodle Bar" from their name.  After such hype, I expected good ramen.  What I got was limp noodles that had clumped together (a sign that they make them... poorly) and soup that might be passable if it was the "fresh" package at the Japanese supermarket. The steamed buns were pretty good.  "Authentic", even, but I guess you're not going to get shiitake buns at a Chinese restaurant, so there you go.
have been there a couple of times and just had to review after last nights amazingness . . . The Bad: - The wait - yes, it took over an hour to be seated but hey - no pain no gain. The Good: - The service was exceptional, attentive, fast and extremely polite under the heaving pressure of the ram packed restaurant. The Great: - The food dayum! We had the pork buns, brisket buns, chicken wings, the roasted beets and chocolate chip truffles and pretzel soft serve for desert. Best meal in recent history and verrrrrry good quality / value. Overall I can't fault Momofuku for the wait - it's the downside of any amazing restaurant in New York City. A must eat joint for a great price!
How can you specialize in ramen and serve overcooked noodles in a salty broth? I did enjoy the combination of berkshire pork with the cold collard greens that was topped on the Momofuku special. I'll have to try the pork buns and the wings next time. They better be good. no, they better be fantastic. I'm giving this place 2 stars for the long ass line.
I love it! Anytime in NYC, I've got to go.
Overrated. I went back here for a second time on Monday night but only cause it was my friends choosing. We got their earlier enough (between 6:30 and 7) that we were able to get seated right away. The first time I came here I waited 45 mins (though I was told the wait would be double that). The food is good but I don't get the hype. The Momofuku Ramen can probably be shared btwn 2 people; I only ate about half of it. I did enjoy it more than the Chilled Spicy noodles I got the first time. My friend wasn't too happy with the Charred octopus we got to start - "not worth the $16". I do not recommend the pretzel cake truffle unless you really like salt. They put a bad taste in my mouth so my meal ended on a bad note. After paying close to $100 for the bill; I think my friend  was also convince that it is not worth it.
I enjoyed my meal, but I'm not entirely sure I'll go back.  I had the Momofuku ramen, and it was good but super salty.  I know ramen is salty, but there's a fine line between good salty and so salty you wake up in the middle of the night with dry mouth.  Momofuku ramen was just a little too close to dry mouth salty.
I come here for the amazing crispy, yet moist shiitake buns. This outstanding dish brings me as close to the savoury satisfaction of meat I'll ever gonna come as a pescetarian. There's always a line waiting for a table or a spot at the bar, and hence the service is rushed, albeit not unfriendly. It's a fast food kinda place that's all. Don't forget to finish off with a soft serve extraordinaire!
We went on Wednesday afternoon, around 2pm and got seated right away, w/ no wait! We had an order of the pork bun, and shrimp buns. SOOOO GOOD!!!! Add a little sriracha, and it's heaven...the pork would be even better if the skin was crackling, but they were still good. The momofuku ramen was relish, however i wish the eggs was a little more cooked, rather than runny. Pretty pricey, but worth trying out for the experience.
I wanted to like this place.  I really wanted to.  Ramen is always a great comfort food.  But I just wasn't as impressed as all the other reviewers. We went on a Sunday at around 6:30pm, so we were able to get a seat right away.  I liked that you can see them make your dishes in front of you. First appetizer, Pork Buns.  I loved them, they were great.  But you really have to be a horrible cook to mess up Pork Buns.  I mean, even the frozen Pork Buns at the Asian grocer are pretty darn good. Second appetizer, Japanese chicken wings.  Disappointed.  They were a bit too soggy and fatty for my liking.  Maybe we just got unlucky and the guy chose us the nastiest ones to put on our plate or maybe it was just the wrong thing to order.  My husband (granted, he's not Asian and not used to Asian-style wings) took a bite and wanted to throw up.  (Look, I took him to Tebaya and now he likes Japanese chicken wings). Entrees - My husband got Ramen.  Your run of the mill Ramen noodles.  I didn't really see anything special about these.  I got the Kimchi Stew.  Pretty tasty.  But nothing to write home about. All in all, maybe we just got them on an off night?  I'm gonna try Ippudo, because the chef is supposedly the RAMEN KING.  Will let you know.
All our Ramen dishes were really good and you could taste they were well made. Only minus to me is the price. You can get as good Ramen in cheaper restaurants, that might just not be as trendy as this one. But it was almost as good as some Ramen I tried Japan.
Hmm....BBQ Pork Buns.  Other items are great too.  I've heard the wait is long, but we went at the "right" time and got in and out.  Did I mention the Pork buns?
I've been going here since it was in its original location, now housing Ko. When I first was going, no one knew about the place - it was like me and some random chefs at the bar/table. I'd eat some buns, hoover my noodle bowl, sip a Hitachino, and be on my way. No wait. Cut to now and I hate all of you. I dream of the good old days... I still recommend sitting at the bar/table in the newer space/this location because watching the guys cook everything is so fun. and sometimes they give you better food/a twist on things.  Plus you can ask for extras. Momofuku Ramen owns an 1/8th of my stomach.
So I finally went to the super famous, almighty, hot shit Momofuku Noodle Bar. -We had to wait 45 mins for a table. -Maître d thought she was above us and one of the things she did was not look at you when speaking to you. -I got the pork bun thing. BEST PORK ON THE PLANET, and let me tell you, I've eaten lots of it. -My food arrived first, my date's 10+ mins later.   -We did see the Dog Whisperer as were leaving and some guy from The Wire but all that fuzz to be served food and not even be able to eat hand in hand with my date?  Like, isn't that in the basic rules of restaurants?   Tried it, doubt I will do it again.
I had 30 minutes to eat, I wanted ramen, and I wanted it here. They had just opened, I sat at the bar and ordered a pork ramen. It came out fast, hot. The noodles were good, the soup was good but a little too salty. The pork was a little more fatty than meaty. I give it 4 stars because ramen is surprisingly hard to perfect, and they came close enough.
On a weeknight you won't wait more than 30 minutes for a table for two. THE BRISKET BUNS ARE KILLER. SO GOOD. Service is fast and the seats are jam-packed next to each other. Highly recommended for a casual, fun, always lively atmosphere.
I was traveling alone in Manhattan this past January and could not afford to pass up Momofuku. I had already consumed 2 meals by 6 PM but fortunately, was not full (maybe it was all that walking I did) Despite being completely packed with a 20 -30 minute wait list on a Thursday evening, I was sat down at the bar in 10 minutes. (one advantage of being alone!) I have heard that the buns were delicious, and the fried chicken was amazing. But since it was my first time, and since Momofuku started off as a ramen joint, I decided to get the Momofuku Ramen. The ramen came with an egg, cabbage, scallions, pork shoulder, and belly. The ingredients were good and no complaints there; cabbage was an interesting and seldom seen choice. The noodles were excellent, fresh and perfectly cooked. The broth however, was where things started going south. A great bowl of ramen I think many will agree with me, is defined by noodles (duh) and the broth. The broth has to be heavy enough and rich enough to coat the noodles and enhance the ingredients but not so oily and rich that you drink 2 gallons of water 30 minutes after the meal. (msg also can do that to you) Here, I felt that the broth was pretty bland and lacked a certain depth of flavor. Mind you, I do not crave salty broths and hate msg; however this was too bland even for me. Throughout the meal I constantly hoped that I would dig into a pocket of flavor that had been trapped in some crevice between the myriad of ingredients; it never came. I'm not bashing on Momofuku in its entirety, since I've heard consistently great reviews about other dishes on its menu. However if it is started as a ramen joint, it should be able to create a memorable bowl of ramen. In the end, I felt the 15 dollar price tag on the dish isn't worth it. I can find a better bowl of ramen in the bay area for 10 dollars. If I'm ever in new york, i will try it again for their famed fried chicken dinner
This place is too hyped up.  The noodles are mediocre and I was a bit disappointed.  I ordered the regular momofuku noodles and it was good but definitely not worth $16 per bowl.  My boyfriend had the miso based soup and it was so salty that we couldn't eat it.  The food is just too salty and this applies to their entire chain.
OVERRATED!!!!! My long-awaited trip to the ever so famous Momofuku Noodle Bar arrived with disappointment. It's truly a shame because I was so optimistic and excited to try such a renowned chef's restaurant. However to put this simply, this restaurant is a joke. It's funny to me reading these comments of how "Amazing" this restaurant is. Service- Slimed down and skinned to minimal effort. I was asked 1. What I will order & 2. If I'd like the check. That is all. Nothing in between. Never in a personable manner either. VERY SLOW also. And expect lukewarm water. I've been to a good amount of noodle spots and what I loved about each was the uniqueness they offered. One will be more traditional, one will be more modern, one will carry a specialized dish and one will just excel all over. Momofuku offers nothing special. - 2 Pork buns for $10: Soft and tender all over. Pretty good sauce. But all in all one dimensional. Put some different textures in there or something. It's just alright. I've had way better pork buns for way less. - Yuzu Slush: Large. $11. Had to have been 8 ounces, which I'm alright with if it's delightful to taste. I didn't even end up finishing the drink bc I was tired of the bitter taste with non-complimenting ingredients. Not a buy in my opinion - Momofuku Ramen: I was hoping the ramen would save the experience. I liked the broth. The seaweed was pretty good. Seasoning was okay. I had a beautiful, tasteful, tender pork belly in mine! But the other pork belly in my soup was hard and distasteful. The ramen is okay. DON'T GO HERE AND STOP HYPING THIS PLACE UP. THANKS.
Great buns but the ramen just didn't do it for me. 1) First, let me just say that I'm generally cool with an excess of salt. Salt is my bro. I eat salt crystals as snacks, okay,  but this broth is too dang salty, even for me. Maybe it's because the flavor is so flat. It's smoky and salty and gets really old after three bites. Not only this but the pork broth is thin and not at all rich the way I like it. 2) The toppings have little flavor and the (topping) portions are tiny. All in all they don't add much to the already bland broth. My major gripe was with the pork, and maybe I was just unlucky, but it was quite dry and not very tender. Didn't have that 'melt in your mouth' quality at all. 3) very limited ramen selection. On the up-side, my noodles were fresh and chewy and the pork and mushroom buns were delicious (The mushrooms were tender and hearty and grilled to a satisfying crispness on the edges) so I didn't leave completely unsatisfied. The service is lightning-fast and as friendly and pleasant as it could have been in such  hectic environment. I ordered some ice cream for dessert to offset the saltiness of the meal, amusingly,(and maybe I just missed something on the menu) the rosemary ice cream was loaded with salt. Not what I wanted, but interesting and, once I got used to it, tasty. I'm glad that I tried Momofuku but I think that I'll be sticking to Ippudo when I'm fixing for good ramen.
I felt like a lord on the uptown R today, thanks to Momofuku Noodle Bar. There I was, sitting on those plastic orange seats that manage to have absorbed so much homeless person pee that, despite being plastic, REEKED of stale bodily fluids. Everyone else was all hot from the August heat and sat limply in their seats, letting the motion of the train jerk them left and right, left and right.  It was 11:30AM on a weekday and stomaches everywhere were just beginning to growl for lunch.   No one wanted to be on that train. Except me.   I was feeling fucking fucktastic bro, and I'll tell you why:  as everyone else was holding their breaths and fanning their pits and dreaming of deli meats, I was chowing down on a righteous doggy bag container of Momofuku scallion noodles from the night before.  Savoring every chewy strand of ramen, a little grease stain of satisfaction forming an attractive ring around my mouth.   POLE VAULT TO THE STARS!   That's what that was.   Fucking pole vault to the stars.
There's always, always a wait. The ramen is overpriced and too salty but it hits the spot on a cold, wintry night. The pork buns are REALLY good though. My friend describes it as "heaven in a bun" and it is! Sometimes you'll get really fatty bits (which I'm not particularly fond of) but you know, whatever floats your boat. They also have pretty interesting ice cream flavors. The last time I was there, we had oatmeal and grape. Oatmeal was a pleasant surprise. Iron Chef Morimoto rated this ramen house as his favorite in Manhattan in NY Magazine so that's one selling point.. otherwise, I'd pass.
Bring on the pork buns. This place makes me salivate thinking about it. Ok, so the fact that my cubicle walls seem to be closing in on me as I write this may be contributing to the intensity of my desires. But this I promise -- my memory of my few-nights-ago meal has not been distorted by my current state of absolute food boredom. (I'm looking over at my egg salad sandwich with disdain.) You know, I went here for the first time with reservations about pork belly but was a quick convert. Whether in the Momofuku Ramen or on a delicate cloud of white dough (omg...I have to go back) ... the flavor and combination of textures makes you want to reach over and hug your neighbor, who will most likely be a stranger. But that's just another cool thing about this restaurant -- the noodle bar  shared-bench style. I love it! What's better than reveling in an exquisite eating experience with a group new foodie friends? It's a little pricey and sometimes you have to wait a while to get seated, but its oh-so-very worth every moment.
You know, I've been here several times and am a fan of David Chang, met him, have his cookbook personally signed and read "lucky peach." I have mixed reviews for this place. I do NOT like the momofuku ramen very much.  The flavor of the broth is interesting, a smokey soy flavor and the noodles are chewy and bouncy.  I do like the poached egg that comes with it.  I want to like it, and I understand that it is somewhat in purest form, but I can do without it. I have also tried their kimchee stew and did NOT like it, it was a mess.  You can get better at a Korean restaurant. If you do come here, enjoy their specials and pork buns.  The pork belly in the pork buns are so soft and melt in your mouth.  The buns are made in house and are like little clouds.  I like pork belly and love a well done pork belly, it's lovely here. Recently, I came back and tried these specials: soy sauce egg - they add salt, pepper, green onions, and lots of fried shallots.  the egg has already been marinated in soy sauce, tell them to hold the salt, please! pork kimchee tamales - excellent and a must try...but its only a special...should petition to make it a regular!
Food - 4 Ambience - 3 Value - 4 Service - 4 Food - 4 Overall -3. 75
Why does a ramen bar serve horchata but not tea?  Skip the ramen and order the pork buns.  Delicious moist pieces of fatty pork that dribbles down your chin once you bite into them - they're the only reason I would go back.
Pork Buns are amazing! We LOVE this place.  Totally worth the wait and we were lucky, we only had a 20 minute wait to get in.  Thankfully, it was summertime!   We sat at the bar in front of the chefs - perfect place.  We got to see everything made and what's even better is that they really like when you ask them to make them something off the menu, just authentic cuisine.  We go to alot of Asian/Korean fusion restaurants and I really like the dishes that you don't necessarily see on the menu so it's great when you can place a special order. Last time I had the chilled spicy noodles -- it was excellent.  The rest of the party had Momofuku Ramen and they were all pleased.  But I'm a spice kind of girl, so this dish was really up my alley.   Really well priced, and another place I can't wait to go to again.
Went with a friend who had been wanting to try the ramen for a while and being a Ramen freak lately, I thought why not.  The ramen was alright, honestly not top notch compared to others I've had in the city.  The broth wasn't as brewed as well as I am used to and I honestly didn't feel pushed to want to finish it which is usually my sign if it is good or not.  The Appetizer was pretty good, I had the Heriloom Tomato which was decent but I really was expecting better, ricotta was barely noticeable.   The real winner though were the pork buns.  I thought I'd try some just for the heck of it and was in love.  Now I find myself with a craving for it but stil an appetizer being stellar isn't enough for a 4 or 5 star rating in my opinion.
had the Momofuku Ramen and a Founder's Red Rye. Delicious. Would have slurped up the bowl if I wasn't having such an awesome conversation.
I'm sorry to say that I'm very disappointed at Momofuku noodle bar. I ordered today's special which was Shrimp & Grits and pork bun. I addition, we ordered Momofuku ramen and shrimp bun. The only dish I enjoyed was the shrimp bun. The Grit was way too salty. I actually had a big chunk of salt in one bite and had to spit it out. Yuck! Then, there was the over hypered Ramen turned out to be just OK. The soup was way too greasy for my taste, and ramen was too soft. Definitely over rated.
The wait is ridiculously long, but I love the flavors of the ramen. I've come twice and each time the wait has been about 45 minutes. I wouldn't say the ramen has been the best I've ever had, but they do have nice flavor to them, with a bit of spice but not overpowering at all in the chicken miso. I would have liked more broth though. The noodles are cooked well and the portion is a good amount, although $15 is a bit pricey for ramen that's just a tad better than the home-cooked ones bought for less than $1.
I met a friend here on a Saturday around 1pm for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait time. The hostess promptly approached me and offered me a menu to look at it while I waited for my friend, which was much appreciated. She even came back to ask me if I wanted to have a drink while I waited! Was pleasantly surprised by that as well. (Or maybe I've just been to too many places with crappy service...) My friend arrived and we were seated at one of the communal bench tables. They set up a small napkin divider to our left to create some privacy. No divider for the right, so felt like we were sharing a table with the guys next to us, but didn't really bother me. Bumped elbows a few times since everyone is so close together, but you're pretty much in and out since the service is so quick. Just an FYI for people who don't like tight spaces. It's also pretty loud in there so a bit hard to have a conversation. Water arrived probably seconds after we sat down and was refilled continuously throughout lunch, a small but much appreciated sign of good service. Waitress arrived quickly as well. We shared the pork buns, which the waitress kindly let us know was just 2 buns. We also both got the Momofuku ramen. We both agreed the pork buns were delicious. It's a simple combination of what seemed to be a plain white bun (similar to Chinese man tao buns), some pickled cucumbers (?) and some fatty pieces of pork. Simple, but delicious. I think the ramen was good, but I don't think I'm a huge enough ramen fan for it to be something I would crave. I could definitely eat more of those pork buns though. Noodles were soft and chewy and it came with a perfectly poached egg. It was quite filling and we were both full after the meal. I've been to Ippudo and I think the ramen quality is quite similar, but I would definitely rate Momofuku Noodle Bar higher based on better and faster service. Overall, a good place for a quick and satisfying lunch. I would definitely come again if I'm ever in the mood for ramen and yummy pork buns.
I really want to give this place a 3.5 instead of a 3 or a 4. There was no wait for the 3 of us when we came here on a Sunday around 2pm; we sat at the bar.  The waiter/waitress service was very good, kept refilling our drinks and taking away used napkins every few minutes.  But the wait for the food took forever.  Not sure if it was because they were waiting for all of us to get our appetizers before any of us got our ramen (my appetizer - roasted rice cakes, took the longest, other people had been done w/ their pork buns for 15+ minutes). The momofuku ramen was amazing, had so much meat in it. Rice cakes were really good as well, not too spicy, just right. The price was pretty expensive for ramen though, i think it was 15+ for just the bowl of ramen. We also saw jim halpert here. Good: food Bad: slow with the food, price (for what we're eating)
I go away for a few years, I come back, it's not so good... The dishes i had ranged from bland to bad....Well, there was one nice dish.. Cold sichuan noodles.. Holy cashews... like, holy, holy, cashews... I ate this dish twice... once at 11 o clock, then around 2 am with my friend.. we were pretty banged up.. she was like, what is this crap? Sugary beef, sugary cashews, strange combination... No balance at all.. Cashews are one of those things that you look for in a dish and always feel like there never was enough.. Well, be careful for what you wish for.. The fluke and mackeral dishes were also a big disappointment... some strange cucumber sauce on the mackeral,e the fluke, well i don't remember that too much but, nicht gut... The cauliflower dish was perhaps the only thing that reminded me of what it once was... Fried chicken did look delicious... unfortunately, they only serve that via advanced ordering.. I was a big supporter of this place but, where did everyone go? Not a single face did I recognize..
I don't understand why this place is so famous. I really like ramen and I really wanted to like Momofuku, but I can't help, but compare it to other ramen places I've been to both on the West and East coast. It was just a let down after hearing about how David Chang won so many awards for his Momofuku chain. I had the Pork Buns and the Momofuku Ramen. Maybe it was just the time of day we went, but each piece of Pork in both my ramen and pork bun was 80% fat and 20% meat. I'm not one to complain about a little bit of fat on my meat, but seriously? I barely even got any meat! The ramen was really oily and the broth was flavorless. The noodles were undercooked and too chewy for me. Overall, if you're visiting for the weekend, take a pass on this place. It's seriously over-rated.
Disappointed. I've been to Momofuku a number of times before and it was great, but last night it was just plain awful.  Luckily there wasn't a wait and we got seats at the bar, but the ramen was... terrible. I felt badly since I had wanted to bring my boyfriend there, who lived in Japan for a number of years, but the Momofuku Ramen was just  not up to par -- and I could tell it wasn't good. The broth was lukewarm, the pork was overdone, and the noodles were congealed.  Sad. The service was pretty dismal too. The hostess was nice enough but the bartender that served us barely spoke to us and never checked in on us after taking our order. It wasn't a busy time of night... who knows. Anyways, I won't be back soon.
i have been dying to try this place and perhaps my expectations were a wee bit too high.  we ordered 2 different steamed buns: pork and shitake (we had a non-pork eater in the group).    the pork was really good but probably not 5-stars worthy.  i think what sets this steamed bun apart from other places is the pork is prepared in a different manner and the sauce is different as well.  it's not your typical cha siu bao. and the bowl of ramen was good but not 5-stars great.  in all honesty, i'd rather pay $8 and go to santouka in the mitsuwa market in LA.  the ramen, broth and ingredients were much more delicate but it still did not blow me away.   all in all, i would give it another try but probably wouldn't go out of my way...
I wish I lived in NY so I could visit this place more often. Their pork buns are to die-for...truly mouth-watering and worth a trip across town - heck, almost across the country! Their seasonal pickle in the fall was outstanding - with fennel, cabbage, pear and other unusual delectables. Not-to-miss too is their oh-so comforting ramen with poached egg. Service was excellent and super friendly, and overall the vibe is casually hip (but not at all tragically so).
This place lives up to the hype. Lychee slushie (lots of alcohol) - awesome Basil Lemon slushie (ditto) Oysters with a berry sauce didn't work, though.  The sweet overpowers the oysters. Pork buns are everything you've heard and then some. Momofuku ramen was very good. Spicy cold noodles was awesome.
Not worth the hour and a half wait.  Understanding that there were four of us in the party, we knew a table wouldn't open up that fast, but the food did not justify the wait time even if it was only five minutes.  The broth in the ramen was so salty my friend had to add a glass of lukewarm water rendering it a tasteless mess.  And what's with the "smoky" flavor to the pork and chicken?  The only dish I liked was the kimchi, it seemed fresh and was properly seasoned.  Next time I will try Ippudo or make my own ramen at home.
After having Momofuku saved in my Yelp bookmarks for about two years, I finally had the opportunity to eat here tonight, and I was unfortunately not impressed.  I've been to a few ramen spots before, and after reading reviews/looking at pictures on yelp for the longest time, I was thinking that Momofuku was going to be over the top amazing. We waited 45 minutes before being seated, which I expected on a Saturday night.  However, once seated, the service was slow and inattentive in my opinion.  Our waitress only spoke to my boyfriend and I to take our order and give us our check.  Not once were we asked if our food was okay or if we needed anything; I felt that we were forgotten. My boyfriend and I both ordered the "amazing, must-have" pork buns, and the Momofuku Ramen.  The pork buns were just "okay."  I've had way better pork buns at a much better price before.  With the non-existent service, and sub-par pork buns, we were hoping that the Momofuku Ramen would redeem our meal.  Although the ramen was good, I felt it was nothing out of the ordinary, and definitely not worth $16.  The pork in my boyfriend's ramen was extremely overcooked.  The pork in mine was tender, while his was tough to chew and dry.  In addition to this, we were served tepid water to go along with our meals. We met a couple sitting next to us from San Diego, who were also first-timers to Momofuku, and who also found out about this place through Yelp.  They agreed with us in that despite some of the rave reviews they read before coming here, Momofuku was nothing special and extremely overrated.  They also ordered the same exact things as my boyfriend and I (Momofuku ramen and pork buns), and complained that their ramen was not seasoned well, and their pork buns were soggy and "okay-at-best." After eating here tonight, I am left a bit surprised as to how many people are reviewing this place and the food as "amazing," because I honestly would not recommend this place to anyone.  I can understand if this was your first time trying ramen and had nothing to compare Momofuku to, but for someone who knows what good ramen tastes like, this place was not it for me.  I'm extremely upset in how disappointed I was with my dining experience here, due to a combination of the food, service, and hype.  If you're from Jersey, save yourself a trip to NY and go to Ani Ramen in Montclair.
Went here with my brother and cousins and we all really enjoyed the food. I had the spicy ramen , so good! Would recommend it to noodle lovers and I would return.
One thing that we have established with my reviews on yelp...I love pork, I love bacon, and I love Asian food. So Momofuku is a holy grail of sorts for me. Known for their pork (berkshire), and their pork buns (zomg mouthgasm), This place nearly sent me overboard with deliciousness. It's small and stark, but what it lacks in size, it makes up for in taste (and noise level). We started with an order of the pork buns. Slices of tender Berkshire pork on fluffy white buns with a sweet sauce and cucumbers. I added some siracha and my friend hates cucumbers (one summer in Russia put her over the edge) so I added hers. I can't describe how amazing these were. I could have eaten a dozen easily. Never again will I look at a steamed pork bun in a Chinese restaurant the same way. It was like a soft pillow of porky goodness. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Wow that was good. Typing it was like reliving it. For our mains, I had the special which was ramen in an egg drop broth with snap peas, toasted garlic, radish, romaine and pork belly roulade. Yes, you read that right. Pork belly roulade. If it weren't for that pork, I would have just thought this a good bowl of overpriced noodles. But that pork belly was seriously one of the best pieces of pork I've ever put in my mouth. My friend had the Kim Chee stew which I will definitely get the next time I go to Momofuku. It was this awesome, kind of fishy, red, spicy broth filled with cabbage and pork and dumplings made of the same dough as the pork buns. One bite and my chapped lips were on fire...in a really good way. So yeah, a little on the pricey side for noodles? Sure, but when you consider the quality of the ingredients you realize it's a bargain and you know you'll be back again and again.
* - friendly waiters ** pork buns * mocha candy cane twist soft serve i ordered some cold korean noodle dish for my main plate, which wasn't anything too special. but the pork buns... oh my god.. my dad ordered three more orders to go to take home with us back to LA. they were just that good. the mocha candy cane soft serve was delicious too. i was a bit skeptical at first because the idea of candy cane ice cream seemed kinda bizarre, but it turned out to be a surprisingly good combination.
not the best ramen in town. good atmosphere. there are a few cornered spot where it's hard to get away from your seat... beware. be there only for the atmosphere... easy to get seat for 2 people or less, but more party... forget about it; queue... that if you like queue.
Had the Fried Chicken meal and it was delicious!!! The breast meat managed to stay pretty tender, so I think that says a lot. The platter is a lot bigger in person than the pictures on yelp, so come with an empty stomach! Our party of six came for lunch without having eaten breakfast and we managed to polish everything off. I love that the lettuce/ baby carrots/radishes/wrappers come unlimited. We asked for a lot of those refills - they are incredibly refreshing and really help digesting all that fried chicken! Out of the four sauces (hoisin, gochujang, ginger scallion sesame, and jalepeno), the ginger scallion sesame and jalepeno were my favorite. They were even good on just lettuce and carrots, after we'd finished all the chicken.
So this place has been reviewed a gagillion times, so I'm inevitably beating a dead horse but wtv shut up I'm going to put my thoughts out here anyway. My 2 cents - this place is ok. And that's it. It's ok. The ramen is ok. The pork puns are ok. The appetizers are ok. When it comes down to it, Momofuku has got nothing on Ippudo, and that's the truth. Church. Seriously. Go wait for an hour at Ippudo cause it is more than worth it. The pork puns over at Ippudo are way better, as is the ramen. And instead of complaining about the wait, go get some Japanese beer at the bar. You're welcome. The service is amazing at Momofuku though, this is true.
Having to see what all the hype was about with Momofuku, I vowed to give it a try on my most recent trip to NYC. While waiting for my friends, a few different parties got off cabs with full luggage in hand entering and leaving the restaurant. There were also various patrons taking pictures outside. Signs of a destination restaurant indeed. Once my friends got there, we were seated immediately at the communal table. I ordered the Momofuku ramen and shared pork buns. The pork bun was definitely the star of the meal with a soft white bun with a tender, juicy, mouth watering piece of pork belly that glistened with fat. I would have been happy eating 5 of those as a meal in itself. The ramen was decent, but nothing truly groundbreaking. The shredded pork shoulder and pork belly were good, but the ramen noodles weren't as firm as I was expecting. the broth had a lot of depth and flavor, but even though it wasn't overly salty, you could definitely tell that it wasn't doing your body any favors. Momofuku left me a little disappointed, but I wouldn't have any qualms about coming back and exploring more of the menu.
the momofuku ramen is decent. tastes like any other noodle place but the noodles themselves receive 5 stars--they retain the bite quite well throughout the entire meal. the broth isn't too salty as some ramens commonly are. the pulled pork they have in the ramen is fatty and very tender, probably the best part of the dish. the beef tongue appetizer is tres riche, so be forewarned. i enjoyed it though, they cooked it very well. for dessert i had the pistachio ice-cream and wow, it is very, very savory. if you are craving the usual sweet ice-cream, this is not for you. i give momofuku two-thumbs up for the creativity though. the pistachio ice-cream was very salty, as if the majority of it was ground/pureed pistachio nuts. not sure if i could ever finish a single serving of it, but it was interesting with good texture. the disappointment, if any, mainly stems from not having had my ice-cream fix/sweet-tooth craving fulfilled. i have yet to try their dduk (rice cake) dish with oxtail ragu. it looks stunningly delicious. their appetizers in general are much better than the ramen/noodles... i prefer the ssam bar!
Past its prime. We ordered and never saw our food. Ended up walking out. They still may not know we are gone.  They seem to be overwhelmed by serving food to customers.  Pity.  It was good while it lasted.
I met a friend here who lived in the area for dinner one night after work.  The place was packed and we waited about 30 minutes to sit down.  The food (especially the pork buns) was tasty, but a little pricey for the serving size and the setting.  Our server was excellent.  Considering the price range and the wait, I am not sure that I would come back.
Is there still a lot of hype around Momofuku? It's hard for me to tell. I'm a fan of the cookbook but at 3pm on a Wed there was no problem getting a table. Hurray for long layovers and jetlag! For our late lunch hubby and I shared - * pea shoots ($6) - kimchi coated to be spicy, it wasn't what I expected (tender pea shoots) but still a nice veg * chicken wings ($12) - good but not memorable * momofuku ramen ($16) - pretty good, more than enough for 2 of us to split the order * yuzu palmer (large $11) - frozen yuzu iced tea drink, BEST THING EVER! * "the ritz" cookie ($2) - addictive! * sweet cracker soft serve ($5) - I really liked the subtle flavor of sweet cracker in the ice cream but perhaps not the best dessert, came with freeze dried pb&j sprinkles which were hard to locate Total $60 + tip
Overhyped, came here about 6 years ago in a very busy launch hours but managed to get a seats in 15min. The Ramen & broth was way too salty, after finished it scratching the head and asked a Japanese friends of what they think (they said so-so) It was not good Ramen (at least the ones we had), did not have a good impression and never went back again since plus it was overprice/overrated.
Please brace yourself for exclamation marks. It's bothering me how much everyone is raving about the pork buns! You need to know that the pork buns are better at Ippudo. Yes yes yes to be fair, Ippudo's pork buns are the Michelangelo to everyone else's refrigerator magnets, it's dumb to compare. But still! I'm reading way too much Momofuku pork bun love! And please, this "special sauce" (rolls eyes) that makes everything better!? You can't. You just can't. It's giving me a headache. Otherwise I agree with the majority of the solid 4-star reviews, everything is great and actually even worth the wait, lalalala :)
The wait time was kind of a lie, but that wasn't not unexpected.  We put our names down and headed to Milk Bar for a pre-dinner cookie; no harm done. We split the chicken buns, where were AMAZING.  There were crunchy pickle somethings, and crispy/juicy chicken somethings, and sweetish other somethings - pretty much delicious all around.  We both overdid the hot sauce a little, potentially destroying the corners of my lips for the remainder of the weekend, but it was worth it. My ramen was massive, the pork belly was delicious (my first time having pork belly, ever) but I was kind of expecting something more from the ramen.  I am not an expert by any stretch of the imagination, maybe this is really $16 worth of ramen... but in my head, I was like "I feel really bad for making this guy pay $16 for this ramen." His ginger noodles, however, were awesome, and I would definitely get those again.   Until that point, though, I'm sticking with 3 stars.
Ordered:  Pork Buns + Momofuku Ramen Pork buns were dripping in grease.  The bun itself was delicious-- sweet and fluffy, like the kind you'd get from a good Chinese restaurant serving peking duck.  The pork belly was well flavored as well, but the key to the pork bun was the pickled cucumbers and chives which added an acidic kick to the salty (and heavy) pork bun. As for the ramen... it's SOLID, but different from traditional Japanese ramen.  Not great.  The noodles are square as opposed to circular but of good consistency/hardness - not soggy or too firm at all.  Upon first sip of the broth, I tasted a weird mix of traditional soy sauce broth and what tasted to me like Texas BBQ (from the meat).  The meat tastes like it's been smoked a little bit and that smokiness infuses the broth itself, creating this strange but acceptable taste of Japanese/Texas BBQ.  Weird!  But, I guess it works.  I wasn't blown away, but it was pretty good.  Also cool is the poached egg.  I have never eaten an egg so soft as that in my ramen.  The egg white was like soft tofu and falling apart when I tried to scoop it out. All in all, it was a cool experience and I'm glad I got to try the famous Momofuku.  Go at 1:00pm on a week day and you should be seated promptly (we had no line whatsoever).
I'm disappointed at this place. The food was mediocre. When I was walking towards the Noodle Bar direction, I was stretching my neck to look for signs but the restaurant didn't have any. Inside, the decor definitely looked great and the wooden panels were niceeee, but don't let that distract you from the quality of the food. My friend and I sat at the bar and the paper printed menu was handed out to us. It was a tiny menu, with limited options. I first saw the pork buns and everyone raves about that so I ordered that for sure. Then, since it's a "noodle" bar, I got the Spiced Chicken Ramen. I wanted the Sichuan noodles but it was cold... and on a cold wet day like this, I wanted something hot. OMG, the broth was so salty. It was definitely seasoned heavily with salt and the soup was undrinkable. When I asked for hot water (to dilute the broth), the waiter said that since they don't serve tea, he couldn't get me hot water. What? Are you kidding me?? This is a restaurant!!! Boil me some water! The poached egg was funny; the yolk was perfect - runny and hot - but the egg white was cold. My bowl was cold too. The ramen itself? Nothing special. I've had better in Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific lounge or at San Francisco's international airport terminal. The only good thing was the spiced chicken. I was hungry so I chowed down the ramen, egg, and chicken but I was very sad that I couldn't drink the noodle broth. The pork buns??? Maybe they would have tasted superb if they were fresh out of the kitchen but I had a huge feeling that our pork buns sat on the counter for awhile before they were brought to us. First, the plate was cold. Second, the buns weren't exactly hot or warm either. The bun itself didn't taste freshly out of the steamer. The pork belly sure was fatty but the meat was a little stringy. The sauce was good though. I wished there was sauce on the side so I could dip the bun into the delish-ness. I really wanted to like this place and all of David Chang's places but I have a feeling that it's not going to turn out well for me. Perhaps I need to give Momofuku another chance? This was my friend's second time there and she shares the same view. I asked one of the classmates later and he too, surprisingly, agreed with me. My other friend was not surprised by my thoughts because she too didn't like Noodle Bar either. It's just "good", "salty" food for non-Asians. This seems to be happening frequently this days: when the waitress was wiping the bar counter next to me, the leftover food scraps from the previous patron were all wiped down onto my lap. RUDE! She didn't even notice because she was so frantic.
Amazing Pork Buns!!!, No reservation means waiting in line for a really long time
Love the momofuku ramen.  Easily my favorite poached egg found in ramen in nyc.
Pork buns very good but pork ramen only so-so (Momo soso?) I agree with other reviewer that ramen broth was bland. And overpriced too! My dinner companion was waxing about how it used to be a hole-in-the-wall but now it seems a bit antiseptic. Friend and I took our places at bar and when another friend joined up later to take a stool opening up next to us, the hostess made a stink about house rules forbidding the seating of incomplete parties - she insisted on treating latecomer as a loner and we played along by acting like we met up by chance (the hostess was not kidding - oddly officious considering it's a bar seating). I'd like to try Ssam Bar - assume its pricey too.
Best pork buns!, Mushroom nice as well, you could order both and share a ramen, then have homemade ice-cream.  Be prepared to wait probably 30min anytime/day of week.  It could feel a little hectic inside, but once you are served you forget about all the chaos going on.  Get there, put your name on the list  then wait outside, or have a quick drink across the street.  Also they dont take orders over phone for take out so you have to wait for that after ordering.
I enjoyed the fries chicken dinner with six people and kept it simple - just chicken with the dressings and sauces.  The food was good, not outstanding.  The waitress was a little snooty.  Total bill was very reasonable.  Overall, I'd eat here again, but it didn't entirely live up to the admittedly significant hype.
Overrated and overhyped.  I ordered the momofuku ramen and was unimpressed.  The noodles were not that great and I could not taste a significant difference between the ramen and the instant noodles I make at home. The service was a little slow and really did not do much besides take our orders, bring our food, and give us the check.  I really do not recall if they ever checked up on us.   If you are looking for an overpriced ramen experience there are better out there.  This is a great example of how a little bit of branding and publicity gets you further than the actual food that is served.
Still crowded and hip after all these years... The ramen is quite good-- the cold fish ramen with smoked fish was a refreshing change, even if the smoked fish was a little uneven in quality. The standard Momofuku ramen is very, very solid, and the items like the pickle jar are unexpectedly outstanding in both creativity and taste-- even if they're not for everyone. Holy crap, though. The pork bun is AWESOME. It's a perfectly steamed bun with just a hint of sweetness, the toppings inside are simple yet enhancing, and the pork belly is a layers of melt-away-tasty fat and sensational pork. I have had probably hundreds, if not thousands, of pork buns in my short little life, and while this may not be a traditional one (Hi Grandma!), holy crap it is awesome. A multitude of recent meals where pork belly was involved recently-- albeit not in pork belly bun form-- including a plethora of places in Los Angeles known for pork belly-- and this topped them all.
Pork Buns Shrimp Buns Ginger Scallion Chardonnay/Riesling Carafe Chicken Wings Rice Cakes Kamoizumi Nigori Carafe $120 Great service at the bar. Great, great friend next to me. Happy Ecstatic Orgasmic Joyful Heavenly Outstanding Full. Tipsy. Momofuku!
I have to say the food here is awesome!!   With that said, I ordered there Ramen and my husband ordered a three course dinner.  There three course dinner was great and for the price, not bad!  Ramen tasted just like they make it in Japan, but I wouldn't pay $16 for a bowl again.  Sorry Momofuku, I really think you need to fix your prices!  Which is why I gave this place 4 stars. I wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group, it isn't big on the inside and expect to wait.  Not sure what else I could write about.  Wanted to keep this short and simple since this place has been reviewed by a bunch of people already =0).  EnjoY!
I love Momofuku's noodle bar. The waitstaff is impressive how they can handle troops of people without breaking a sweat. I had so many tasty treats including a slushie with limeade and some alcohol in it and the delicious bowl of soup with fantastic noodles. We sat at the bar and I watched the cooks work quickly and produce the same foods over and over. The comedian Chris Harding was slurping down noodles too. He's so dreamy.
The Miso Ramen IS WAY TOOOOOOO SALTY!!!!  It was inedible.  I really wish I had read some reviews before I went so I would have ordered something else. We also tried the Momofuku ramen, which was a lot less salty, but for me, it was hard to eat after ruining my taste buds on the Miso Ramen.  I wish the very nice server we had would have or could have warned me.   This place is cool (looking) and fun with good service.  I just wish the food had been less salty.  The ingredients in the ramen were good/tasty... again, just too salty!   The pork buns were ok too.
I love this place. The pork buns are to die, and so is the ramen. I actually saw a table of guys getting the very large chicken wings and was jealous. My only issue is most times about half the pork in the ramen is fatty, I want more pork that is as edible as the buns. Come early or go alone, always a serious line. Yum!
I love this place. They are inventive with their menu and both the food and drinks taste great! I recommend sharing the dishes with your group when you come here.
The ramen was pretty good, although too salty, and the pork buns were ... interestingly tasty, but being from the West Coast I'm used to Japanese style service and attentiveness at ramen houses... Momofuku's staff was anemic, and it wasn't even that crowded.
Ginger scallion noodles. They are so fantastic. Go for the lunch special, which goes until 4:30 for cheaper prices that don't skimp on portion size. I've only ever gotten the ginger scallion noodles but the Momofuku ramen is a classic and supposedly wonderful and I've been with someone who got the spicy chicken ramen and said it was great, plus it had this smoked kale in it that was so interesting and really smokey tasting. The jalapeno cheese tamale is just OK, I would pass over it and go for a better side like the kimchi pancake or the classic pork bun.
horrible food but good service and nice ambiance.
After all the hoopla, I just had to try this place out. I bought the Momofuku ramen and I have to say, it was pretty pedestrian especially for its price. The overall taste was pretty good, the pork was tender and the boiled egg was incredibly soft. However the noodles were a little too soft and the broth was a little too salty which is a huge issue because both of which melds the dish together. I expected more out of this $16 bowl especially when there are other competitors out there who's quality rivals if-not are better than this place. On the other hand, the atmosphere is very rustic. It definitely fits the bill in terms of making you feel like you're in an authentic noodle shop. Great for large group sizes and also the occasional solo meal.
I love what this restaurant stands for! There truly is a sense of confidence and passion put into the food here.  I of course had pork buns and quite a few of them.  The ramen could use some work.... the broth is hearty but lacks the sorta pungent crisp bite I remember tasting in Tokyo.  But still quite good! David Chang: (in the words of Mugato) he's so hot right now!
I was recommended by a few friends to come here because of their popular pork buns so I had to try it. Food: Amuse bouche: it was some sort of pate on a mini baguette toast.  It was really flavory and woke up taste buds. We ordered 1 of the prix fixed lunches... Squid salad: this was pretty good but it was a bit salty.  The nori sauce was pretty unique. Hanger steak: the ginger scallions makes this dish kinda taste like a Vietnamese entree.  The hanger steak was soft and tender.  It was nice but not fabulous. Soft serve in mocha: this had a strong coffee taste and it wasn't bad.  A nice ending. Roasted foie gras with miso puree: the miso puree was very nice with the foie gras.  A piece of the foie gras with a dabble of the miso puree and the pineapple froth was like a party in my mouth.  The foie gras however wasn't as creamy in the middle than what I had before but it was still good. The famous pork buns in pork belly: everyone is right with this one... it is very good.  The pork belly is so chunky and flavory.  Don't forget to put sriracha in!  I forgot the first time so I had to order a 2nd round of it to try it with the sriracha.  Mmmm it was great! This place is on the pricey side because the prix fixed meal was a bit dainty and small so you'll end up ordering more... and more... and it adds up.  I thought the food was not mind blowing but it was pretty good for the most part.  The pork buns is the big must!  WITH the sriracha!! Cost: 1 prix fixed lunch, 2 orders of pork buns, and 1 order of foie gras with tax and tip: about $75 total
Momofuku is a must whenever I'm in New York.  In fact, I came here 2x in one weekend back in Feb.  The ramen is so yummy, but very heavy.  It's much better to have in the winter time (to warm your insides) than in the sweltering hot summer. The buns are fantastic!  My bf and I got an order of shitake buns (per his sister's recommendation) and an order of the pork buns.  For some reason I was thinking that an order of buns only came with one, but it actually comes with two...needless to say we were stuffed after the meal.   I was particularly surprised at how good the shitake buns were!  I didn't think they could possibly measure up to the pork buns, but they had just as much great flavor without all the grease.  I think next time I may just go for the shitake buns and skip out on the rest (unless it's snow season and I need to keep warm!).
Another must stop on every NYC trip.  The pork buns ($10 for 2) are always amazing.  The Momofuku ramen ($16) was also terrific.  Make sure to check out the chalkboard for specials before ordering. When it gets crowded, the seating is communal.  I don't mind because the food is so good.  And people in NYC always feel the need to talk about drama, no matter how close they are to complete strangers. It's fun! The restroom in the back was a little annoyting.  Single stall, no paper towels - only a hand dryer.  But the sink was soaking wet and no towels to fix it.  Was someone washing her face in there?  Keep your distance from the sink.  Consider yourself warned.
I've never eaten anything at this place that I didn't end up loving.  Double negatives = awesome restaurant.   I've had sweat pea and strawberry ice cream (swirl) here.  Fricking awesome.   Anyone who hates on this place is off my Christmas card list.  I'm not backing down this time.
Go for the pork buns. This restaurant was in my 'hood when I lived in Manhattan and I would regularly go just to have those pork buns. The ramen is also amazing. I have occasionally had some of their specials and have always been disappointed, not by the taste, but they tend to be wimpier portions at higher prices. The place gets packed and is not very big, so get there when it opens if you don't want to wait too long. They also seat you at tables with other people or at the bar, so if you're not into eating next to strangers this is not the place for you.
After hearing soo much about the restraunt, there is no reason to go.  I will admit it is good, but i think i go built in the hype a little too much.  True the  pork in the bun, is suckulent, i think it is a bit over priced (i got to thinking about this after i went into flushing to have the 75 cent peking duck in the bun....ahhhhhh).  If you do like raymen, skip to the best, the momofuku ramen.  I tried the cold, but it just wasnt the same.  the momo ramen is symple flavorful.  If you dont like pork tho, i am sorry I just dont know what to say, but happy eats.
Been here twice now and I'm not a believer of the hype.  Yes, the pork steamed bun is pretty damn delicious.  Yes, it's always crowded.  But the most important thing - the ramen - is absolutely astounding in its ability to NOT wow me.  Plus it's $12!  What!!  For $12 I want the ramen to be effing amazing.
I heard about this place about 2 years ago, I finally got to try it!  So we first started with the soju slushies. Even with only 2 flavors were available both were fantastic! We then ordered pork, shitake and brisket buns.  Most to least favorite: shitake, brisket and pork.  Though, all were great! The shitake was cripsy and sorta resembled a bacon flavor.  Then we finally got to the entree. I ordered the momofuku noodle soup with chicken instead of pork. The noodles were perfectly cooked (not too hard, not too soft). The broth was great! But slightly on the salty side. My friend got the miso soup which was a bit saltier than mine. However, all was flavorful. I'm definitely coming back when I'm in NY again.
Our lunch started off with pork buns and shiitake buns.  Momokuku does not skimp on the pork belly.  Two generous, thick, juicy slices sandwiched with a moist bun...perfectly layered with sweet hoisin.  The shiitake mushrooms were amazing...crispy-edged and soft inside.  If you like spicy, the Chilled Spicy Noodles are the way to go.  The combination of spicy heat and sweet glazed cashews was intriguing.  Don't forget to save room for the soft serves...go for cereal milk soft serves if they have it.  If not, walk a few blocks to Momofuku's Milk Bar around the corner of E 13th and 2nd Ave.
I *finally* dined at Momofuku recently just to see what all the fuss has been about. The food is really very good. Everything we ordered was delicious. The pork buns of course are not to be missed, but don't overlook the others - the shiitake buns (shiitake, hoisin, scallion, cucumber) were killer. For my main, I eschewed a ramen bowl in favor of the no-broth ginger scallion noodles, with pickled shiitakes, cabbage, cucumber. It was basically a ramen salad - hot noodles on the bottom, veggies on top, tossed with a yummy gingery dressing. Loved it.  Also love that they serve Mexican Coke! (I downed two bottles.) So I now I see what all the hype was about. I'd go back for lunch anytime. Would I wait in line for a table during the height of the dinner rush?  Not sure about that...
One of the best Ramen made by Americans in the area I ever had. This place is always packed with Americans that grown a taste for delicious and not overly powering Ramen. One of my favor place to visit when I am around the area as the Ramen and soup is made just right for my taste. Expect to paid 20 dollars , very typical in this area.
After an hour wait, I expected more from this restaurant. As I walked around St. Marks and waited until we got seated, I built up this high expectation for the food here. I thought it was going to be really amazing but it was only mediocre. I ordered the Momofuku ramen. When it came out, my broth was lukewarm, but it was pretty soothing. Normally, ramen broth is on the salty side but it wasn't too salty. It came with eggs, fish cakes, fatty pork, nori, and of course ramen! The only good part of this bowl of ramen was the eggs. And this is coming from the person who LOVES eggs. They poached the egg and the egg white is cooked so that it is still slightly transparent and you can see the creamy yolk on the inside. When you slurp it in your mouth, the yolk just explodes in your mouth and it was really creamy and fun to eat! Honestly, that was the highlight of my experience at Momofuku. Another thing was that the ramen I had is not the type I usually like. It is really thin and I like the thicker ramen. Maybe the thick ones didn't go with the broth because usually tonkotsu is paired with thicker noodles. Another point I wanted to bring up, my favorite ramen broth is tonkotsu... maybe another reason why I didn't really like the ramen is because they use some shoyu broth. I paid 20 something dollars with tax and tip in all for a bowl of ramen. I could have gotten 2 bowls of YUMMY DELICIOUS--THE BEST RAMEN EVER at Santouka in LA for that price. But it's all about the experience. I just love NY because there are all types of food to try. On the bright side, because of an hour wait, I got to get pizza around the area and walk around some shops.
One of my favorite restaurants in New York. I was first exposed to Momofuku 3 years ago and I have been hooked ever since and always make it a point to eat here every time I visit. The MUST try item here is the Pork Buns. I have had pork buns at numerous places in my lifetime and Momofuku's Pork Buns FAR surpass all others. The pork is so tender that it literally melts in your mouth. I am not a fan of pork fat normally but Momofuku's pork is marinated in the hoisin sauce for so long that the pork & fat have the same tender and tasty consistency that will blow your mind. Another good dish here is the Momofuku Ramen. It won't be the best ramen you have ever had (i'm a tough critic being Japanese) BUT it's still a delicious entree. The restaurant has a very clean and sleek look and the service is always good. Plus, if you're lucky, you may see a glimpse of David Chang, owner & chef of the Momofuku Restaurants.
BEST PORK BUNS (5 stars) These pork buns are definitely a rank above Ippudo's, which are pretty good as well. The juicy, fatty pork is perfect, and it is just too bad that each bun is so tiny. $10 for 2 small, open buns. Worth every penny though. MEDIOCRE RAMEN (2 stars) Very mediocre. The broth just lacked that special something......  Flavor... I think that was what was missing. It was plenty salty, but just slightly bland. Please don't judge ramen based on what you eat here. At least go to Totto Ramen, though I'd highly recommend traveling to Japan (Nagi Ramen in Shibuya, Tokyo is the best!). In conclusion, come here, sit down, order some pork buns, and go somewhere else for your main dish. Trust me, you won't miss out on much.
Momofuku Ramen was decent but not the best ramen out there.  The Ginger Scallion Noodle was surprisingly broth-less but ended up being much tastier and flavorful than the Momofuku Ramen.  The Pork Buns were quite meaty and thankfully not so fatty. When I asked for lemons for my water, the server looked at me in a curious way and said she wasn't sure if they had any.  Could I really have been the first customer to ask for lemons for their water?  She went away and came back to inform me that they didn't have any lemons.  A restaurant without lemons?   Service was less than desirable.  There was major chaos and confusion as to who our server actually was.  Four or five different servers came by to constantly try to take our bowls and plates away when we weren't even finished with our dishes.  Clearly, they wanted people in and people out asap.  How rude.
I was really excited to come here, but after eating lunch at Momofuku Noodle Bar today, I wasn't particularly impressed. We ordered the pork buns, spicy miso ramen, and Momofuku ramen. The pork buns were pretty tasty, with fatty pieces of meat. The ramen was just so-so. I'm from California and eat out at ramen restaurants every week, and this just seemed average to me. I ended up trading ramen dishes with my boyfriend (Momofuku for spicy miso) because the Momofuku ramen broth was too rich for me. The noodles were nothing special, especially compared with some of the places I go to regularly, which serve hand-pulled ramen noodles. The poached egg was delicious, but it didn't make up for what I thought was a lackluster broth. All of this, in combination with the high prices ($16 for a bowl of ramen when I am accustomed to paying $7), makes this a 3-star place.
I slipped in on a cold night recently - I live in the neighborhood but I never got to the original place simply because I won't wait in line for food (reminds me of the bread lines in Moscow) . had pork buns, sweetbreads, and ramen (beef and momo) everything was delicious, and fresh. If you are a classic ramen aficionado,  be prepared for the American sized meat portion.
This place is heavily reviewed so i'll pitch in with my 2 cents. Walking in from the outside, we saw a line coming out through the doors and onto the sidewalk. This could only mean two things A) this place is popular and B) We'll be hungry for a while. As we elbowed our way to the waitress to get our name down, I was a bit surprised when she said 'it'll be 15 minutes", but even more surprised when we were called within 7 minutes, though the selection of seat was not the best, squeezed between the wall and 6 other people at the table. I was just glad to get a seat as it was raining outside, and as i sat I gave a look to the people in line, that you all should have an 11 year old daughter to get a seat this quickly. Anyway the service was very good, we were approached three times by three different people on briefing the menu, on what they had and what they didn't have etc. My daughter decided to order the Mussels, while I was brave enough to order the chicken Ramen Noodles, just to see how they compare to the ones I have been eating all my life.  Inside, this place was very loud and definitely had an atmosphere. They served the mussels first, which was was very good and to quote my daughter "The best mussels she has ever had". After devouring the Mussels I anxiously awaited the Ramen Chicken noodle soup, and man what a disappointment. I can make you better Chicken Ramen Noodle soup for 25 cents, than the 9 dollars I paid for there. Lastly from their drinks menu i tried their Momofuku Ginger drink, and after a first kick, it ended up being pretty good. Overall a great place if you enjoy a busy, rushed, loud atmosphere, but my impression was, it was Average.
We loved everything we ate, especially the pork buns.
Love this place!  The noodles, grilled corn, and pork buns are delicious.  We had to wait about 30 minutes on a Saturday evening, but the time flew by, and they will bring your drinks to you while you wait.  Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, so our leftover take home noodles made an excellent Round #2 of Momofuku the next night.  Definitely recommend!
I really enjoy David Chang's philosophy about food/ Asian fusion. I have watched him on "Mind of a Chef" and have really enjoyed seeing the inner workings of a chef's mind! I am visiting from Hawaii was really looking forward to trying this place! I went today (Saturday) during dinner time. The place was incredibly busy but I got sat quickly because I was rolling solo. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen because I am a ramen aficionado and had to try this broth. The ramen was incredibly flavorful and complex. I don't think it's the best ramen I've had though--I'm spoiled in Hawaii. I ordered the ritz cookie for dessert. I have been to the Milk bar and initially found desserts to be salty? Today's cookie was also salty! I think the sweet, salty, buttery combination has potential to be life changing but they haven't quite mastered it. I am giving the place two stars because of the service. I know it was busy but the staff wasn't really that friendly and welcoming. Furthermore,t here was a hair on my cookie (gross!). I discreetly told the waitress and she replaced it. However, the cookie was not comped. I work in the industry, and I really feel like the moment someone finds something foreign in their food the item has to be comped!
Nice place for a nightcap with friends. Friendly service and not overly crowded.
So I never actually reviewed the Noodle Bar, though I know it pretty well.  Many of my friends who have reviewed this place have not been taken with it.  There are complaints about the price, the ordinary ramen broth that is too salty, or they just hate David Chang for some inexplicable reason.  I am the contrarian as usual, but I will qualify my analysis as much as possible. The ramen is pretty good here, but by no means outstanding.  I love the portion size because I can easily finish it without running against the law of diminishing returns.  I particularly enjoy the use of two types of pork:  shoulder and belly.  Often you need to pay extra to add in kakuni for example making the price comparable with other ramen joints in the area.  The pork is of very good quality and eats well.  I loved the poached egg which just made everything more delicious.  The broth is not as nuanced as I would like it to be, but it is solid.  Of note, I did not find it particularly salty even with the two types of pork.  The nori is amazing and really punctuates the dish well.  The mushrooms were great too.  It makes for a great bowl of comfort food on a cold day.  One curiosity though is that they do not serve tea here.  I can't explain that one.     Overall, a very enjoyable experience.  The popularity of this place has died down somewhat which is a good thing for the customer who no longer has to wait in a line to have lunch.   Definitely recommend trying it.  It's not actually my favorite ramen spot, but it's in my mix.  If you want something other than ramen, I strongly recommend a visit to Ssam; they put together a great menu over there.
Fourth pilgrimage to Momofuku completed. *Pork Buns :: Still spot on delicious NOMgasm *Shrimp Buns :: Different but definitely same level of goodness as the pork buns *Momofuku Ramen ::  Noticing inconsistency with the broth now... was just a-ok this time around.  Blasphemy, but I've had better. *Lychee Soju ::  Not too shabby but wouldn't jump up and down to order again
Ive been here a few times now each with the same consistently good dinner.  I was here a few nights ago with only a 10 minute wait.  I had the momofuku ramen and my friend had the cold noodles.  He was warned it was spicy but still opted for it anyways.  When it came, he could barely eat it as the spice was so bad he was joking that he needed a glass of milk to go along with his dinner.  Unless you like your mouth on fire, you can try something else.  I suggest going for the basic noodles as the broth and noodles are delicious.  Even though im only giving it 3 stars, I would come back to eat here again as its consistently delicious. If you get a chance try the pork buns.  They melt in your mouth.
I came here with my family and we all ordered different dishes so that we could taste-test each other's and compare. The consensus was pretty much the same for the 3 of us who ordered noodle soup ramen: wayyy too much sodium. Way. Too. Much. Sodium. And might there be MSG in there as well? I downed 4 glasses of the lukewarm water throughout my meal even though I had not been exceptionally thirsty prior to eating. Gripe number 2: there were literally 4 BITS of beef shank in my beef shank ramen and the bowl size was more akin to a large coffee mug. 3. Not worth the 1 hour wait to experience the first 2, especially being packed like a sardine with no seating in a limited waiting space, to eventually being seated at the BAR on a rainy Tuesday night. Overall, I'd say overrated. Might return for some of the snacks and drinks (lychee slush was good) but I'll try someplace else for ramen.
Ate: Ginger scallion noodles, pork buns Drank:  Just water Liked: Noodles were cooked perfectly.  Pork buns are always delicious here. Disliked: When did ramen for lunch for two start costing $45!? Chicken: I think you can get fried chicken if you call ahead. Would mom like it?: She'd say: "These noodles are cold!  Food needs to be hot!" Wait: None. Would I go back: Only if I was walking through the area, which I was this time. Recommend:  Don't mess around.  Get the pork buns.
I think I've been converted into a pork bun-loving closet vegetarian. Simply dining on an order of these with a beer or nice sake would do the trick next time. The noodles, I doused them with chili sauce, which is probably a little blasphemous, but all in all, was a good meal. The softserve ice cream was a cute little finisher to split, and fortunately we had no wait for a table. Not sure I'd rave about it or stand in line to eat here, especially in this part of town, where you're just so spoiled for other options.
At first I wasn't excited about coming here, but after a bite of the pork and chicken buns I was speechless. WOW! there are just amazing, the rice pums are sooo good too. Definetly going back, check this place out... long wait for dinner but worth it.
You have to be in the mood for their type of ramen - it's a little saltier than usual, but very good. Favorites - momofuku ramen, pork belly
Wow, got here at 5:40 and still had to wait 40 minutes. This place opens for dinner at 5:30. I wish their seating could be better..I also don't like the way you have to sit at the bar and your food is brought to you from BEHIND. The heirloom tomatoes were great...I absolutely loved the shrimp bun. It was really flavorful and warm. Then I got the Momofuku Ramen which is what I was looking forward to. It's really not that great. The portion was huge, but I don't think it was worth my money. The broth was not deep in flavor. That was replaced by their massive salt content. It was way too salty that I could not finish it. I also tried my friend's chicken miso ramen. Definitely very strong miso flavor, but was just as salty. The noodles were just meh, like the packaged ramen noodles. I tried my other friend's ginger scallion noodles, and I have to say that those were the best out of all three. It had a nice strong ginger flavor, but not too strong to be stinging. I thought the mushrooms went wonderfully with it. We ordered the Cap'n Crunch truffles and the fruity pebble marshmallow cookie. The truffles were amazing. Biting into it is similar to biting into a chocolate truffle, with the soft, silky interior. The fruity pebble marshmallow cookie is good, but it's just something that tastes childish for dessert. It's very sweet, not anything deep in flavor. But what are you to expect from a cookie made out of marshmallows and fruity pebbles? Overall it was okay. I felt like the restaurant was trying to get people in and out as quickly as possible, which is okay I guess, considering the line forming outside. But it's not really worth all the hype. I'd rather go to Ko. I don't think I'd visit the noodle bar again.
Excellent bowl of vegetarian ramen with kale and chickpeas. I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the broth was! We also shared the smoked wings and pig tails. Both delicious!
Crowded You may sit next to strangers You sit on a stool so you will be sitting on your coat. I pre ordered 2 fried chickens 2 ways for $125. No big deal. It's fried twice and the one covered in sauce isn't that good. The pork buns were good. You get two pieces of pork in each bun. Octopus with pasta was ok The rice cakes were just ok too. No reason to run back, or wait for a table.
Oh, airy light pillows of deliciousness filled with pork belly, cucumber and sriracha, how I love thee and could eat you every day of my life. They pork buns are the best. You must get them. No matter what. You must. The rest of the menu is great too - from Snacks to Market entrees to the Ramen, for which this place is named. I love the kimchee stew, full of pork and perfectly chewy ricecakes.  It is huge, and can easily be shared between two with another order of rice on the side. The ramens are good, and they are the namesake afterall, but I think the stew is better or would encourage you to splurge for the pricier but better market items. Skip the soft serve and instead take a short walk to the Momofuku Milk Bar afterwards for a sweet treat... Or another pork bun!
I'm on a quest to find the best ramen noodle spots in the city and i thought momofuku would be where i would end my search but it definatley wasn't.  the ramen noodles dishes here are very boring, there very bland and the noodles are too thick and hard to digest,  the chicken is dry and tasteless.  The kimchi appetizer is terrible also...way too saucy. i need to make a list of the most overhyped spots in the city...momofuku noodle bar is close to the top.  It was 50 minute wait and the bill came out to $50 dollars...all that to experience a weak ramen noodle meal.
Came here with my gf on Saturday for dinner. We had some logistical issues. I failed to met up with her on time in NYC and we were around the area an hour early for dinner. Instead of waiting we went to BaoHaus nearby for some pork buns. I think that was strike one. Strike two was having eaten ramen from Ippudo and often at Mitsuwa. Strike three is growing up eating real Peruvian food. After BaoHaus and hot and crusty we go to momofuku at 5:30pm for dinner service. It was a blessing in disguise because i i needed time to digest :) But, the wait was very long and the waiting area was packed. We finally get seated after 45 mins, we ordered the brisket and pork buns, the pork kimchi tamale, the miso and the momofuku ramen. The tamale didn't really taste like there was kimchi. it was only spicy. The masa was too stiff. it needed more oil. At least it still came wrapped in the leaf. BaoHaus ruined my gf's taste for a good pork belly buns!!! The best pork belly bao is at Chairman Bao's Truck in San Fran. Not that it wasn't good just not as good and is more expensive as we had it an hour before. I did like the brisket one better because it was still moist and had a peppery crust. The ramen were pretty much a let down. I understand they were selling it as an fusion type ramen. Both broth were very salty and had a smokey taste. The miso ramen did not have any miso taste. The overload in salt masked it.We needed more water but there was less attention from the staff at the bar area we sat in. During the wait, I noticed they came around a refilled water often at the table area. I did enjoy the the poached egg in the momofuku ramen.   The jar of kimchi as an appetizer was a big gripe with my gf. Especially because ii was not free. I normal korean restaurant the kimchi is on the house and eaten along side your meal. It was really amusing watching non Asian people eat straight up kimchi. But, if you live in NYC and can afford to pay for free things then its that person problem :) I'm glad I did try this place. Experiencing it with was gf was a great plus. I hinted to her in trying the chicken dinner next time. And she gave me the evil eyes. I was hoping for the bedroom eyes.
Meh. Momofuku is hit or miss, honestly. There's nothing SPECTACULAR about noodle bar-- if you're looking for NYC food that's gonna wow you, you won't find it here. I think Momofuku uses -good- ingredients, and the flavors are okay to good, but  it's not a place I would make a regular. PORK BUNS - probably my favorite thing on their menu. The pork is suppper fatty, It goes well with the plum sauce and soft bun. Nothing too crazy. SPICY COLD NOODLES - I don't really fancy the candy cashews, but it really counteracts the crazy spiciness of the noodles. Ground pork & al dente noodles are great, but expect some heart burn after consumption. MOMOFUKU RAMEN - super basic. The broth's okay--everything is just OK in this dish. Meh. LYCHEE SLUSH - Delish. I know the small looks pretty tiny, but it's JUST enough. Any more and you get sick of the sweetness of the lychee flavor. -- Don't get me wrong-- I think Momofuku is GOOD TO TRY, but if you're only in NYC for a few nights, there is MUCH better in the East Village. TIPS/NOTES: - Accepts CC - Prices are a BIT steep - Portions are pretty big - Expect a wait if you arrive past 7
Seriously all I can say is... PORK BUNS. I dream about these pork buns. My boyfriend and I went to visit his brother in NY and he recommended this place to us. We both are more pho people, not really ramen, but though why not?? I thought the ramen was just okay. I think it might be because I'm not a ramen fan. But I'm open to everything and I just wasn't that impressed. BUT on the other hand the pork buns were so delicious. They were perfection. If I could go pack I would just get 2 orders of pork buns for myself and call it a night. The place is pretty small and we were there at midnight and it was still extremely crowded but I'd say its worth it for the pork buns. The ramen, well, I just think it really isn't it worth it for the price. Can't wait to go back to NY and get some pork buns from this place!
I wasn't impressed as I thought I would be, mostly because of all the hype!  Don't go in expecting that much. Yes its cute and a chic noodle bar, but I thought the ramen noodles were just ordinary.  The soup was just whatever, not the milky kind but kind of clear.  We had chicken ramen which was OK, the chicken was a bit fried and had a strong taste.  We also got pork buns which I admit were pretty delicious, but it costs $9 for two teeny tiny buns!!  The price is wayyy to expensive for what it's worth.  I think I'd prefer Ipuddo over this place overall!
"What's with all the Hype? The only reason this was one of the places, because there was so much hype put into this place. I really just wanted to go around and eat.  I have had better ramen here in California.  I think this place is over price for the quantity and quality that they put out.  We ordered the meal of the day and a bowl of ramen.  We shared so we can get a taste of both. Details of the meal: Compliments of the Chef: Good piece of smoked ham on a Asian soup spoon, smelt very close to smoked bacon.  Not sure if it was just a big chunk of bacon or ham. Appetizer:  OK  Salad - not sure what type of salad this was.  It was bitter until you combine it with something that they had on the salad.  Not sure what this was, but it gave the salad perfect balance.  Too bad this topping wasn't all over the salad. Second Course:  5 Stars Congee - it was probably the best congee I ever eaten, enough said. Main Course:  2.5 Tri-Tip Steak - Where was the flavor?  I think it was a little over cooked to my liking and the portion was super small.  I say it would probably been 3-4 oz.  Not sure how they put this as the main course.  If they put a big chunk of that ham that they served us at the beginning, I think I would've been more satisfied. Momofuku Ramen: 3 Stars, I have had better ramen than this almost everywhere else I tried.  I could've made better ramen from a package.  This is what they are suppose to be known for?   I think they should change there name to Momofuku Congee Bar!  Because hit me with a big bowl of there congee, and I think that's all I would've needed from this place. Twisted Yogurt:  3.5 Stars  This I believe was lime and cherry froyo.  This was nice and tangy.  Not too sweet after a meal. Orion Beer - Best Japanese beer I have ever tasted.  But they didn't cook this so they do not get stars for this.  And they overpriced this. $15 bucks for a 22oz bottle? I was satisfied when the meal was over.  But I was thinking this would've been great because so many people raved about it.  It's worst when people hype things up and it turns out not to be as great as people described it to be.
Expect a wait especially at lunch.  Overpriced for the food and not necessarily worth the wait however, some of the plates are worth it.  Apps rock!  Pork buns and the kimchi and pork tamales were amazing.  The main dishes were great but the broth in both of the noodle dishes were so fatty and savory two friends and I could barely finish one.  Not to say they were bad - they were just non traditional Japanese noodle dishes.
always a long wait but if you are patient it's worth it. pork buns are really good...i have returned a number of times.
Pros:  A decent selection of vegetarian friendly options, host came out to sidewalk to look for me, open kitchen. Cons: Super crowded at entrance from guest waiting to be seated, no sidewalk or outdoor seating. On September 5th, around 9pm, I went into Momofuku Noodle Bar with my friend that I was in town visiting for the weekend. I was hoping we had missed the majority of the dinner rush, but alas we had not. There was still roughly a 25 minute  wait, which we spent outside on the curb talking and smoking instead of trying to fight the crowd of others waiting at the front door. The host was kind enough to poke her head out the door and call my name instead of just going on to the next name on the wait list. My friend and I sat towards the end of the bar away from the kitchen, which gave us a decent view of the happenings inside of the kitchen. We enjoyed watching the kitchen staff while we talked and shared bottle of Riesling, which came to us in a pyrex beaker. An idea of which I love and would potentially use in a restaurant of my own if I were to ever have one! My friend and I took a vegetarian route for the evening due to her fasting and the fact we wanted to share. We ordered the Shiitake steam buns, Hozen Ramen bowl, and Ginger Scallion Noodles.  All of which left my mouth watering for more. Shiitake Steam buns- We ate these as our appetizer I guess you could say. The order came with two steam buns, perfect amount for my friend and I, each of which were loaded with shiitake mushrooms, scallions, cucumber, and hoisin sauce. Hozon Ramen- I ordered the Hozon Ramen for myself.  It was a very earthy and kind of heavy dish for vegetarian. Filled me up and had some leftover to take back to my hotel with me. It consisted of this rich broth, chickpeas, kale, scallions, and of course noodles. Ginger Scallion Noodles- My friend ordered these and seemed to very much enjoy them. It  was served without a broth and had pickled shiitakes, cucumber, and cabbage on top of the noodles along with a seaweed sheet tucked in the side of the bowl. Overall, it was a great experience and a nice place to catch up with my friend in the city. I enjoyed being able to watch the kitchen staff as we talked and even though all the staff was extremely busy they never once made my friend and I feel rushed to order or leave, which I feel happens more than it should in the restaurant industry, and they were informative when telling us what was and wasn't vegetarian friendly on the menu.  I would definitely recommend it and would eat here again myself.
Amazing pork bun! The brisket bun was pretty good, but not as good as the pork bun. We tried the coconut brussel sprouts, but there were not that many brussel sprouts. It had some sort of coconut foam that was pretty good. The ramen was just ok. The soup base was too salty for my taste. I also prefer the seasoned, soft-boiled egg rather than the poached egg. The wait was about 25 min and passed quickly with drinks available. They take all your orders on an ipad. We tried the tangy slushy drink and that was pretty good, but not blown away.
On the frigid saturday, we were determined to find some ramen in the city. First we came to Ippudo after a 15 minute walk. The wait was 45 min to an hour. We then walked another 20 minutes to Momofuku noodle bar. That's right. All you new yorkers probably know it doesn't take 20 minutes to walk half a mile, but for some reason the web site sent us in the wrong direction. So, we checked out the ramen while we were in those 2 places. I decided I was in the mood for more of a clear soup base than the lard soup base. So we ditched Ippudo. I'm sure I will hit that next time. So, I was not a happy camper when I walked into the noodle bar. Being sent in the wrong direction for an extra 10 minute walk in the cold, and still have a 30 minute wait wasn't my idea of fixing up a grumbling tummy. It's a good thing that I don't type up any review before I have the food, otherwise I'd be docking stars left and right:-D Let's start with the pork buns. These aren't as flavorful as the traditional chinese version. The fushion version is about 80% the flavor without the pickled radish, but no one came here for chinese buns. These momofuku pork buns had a perfect blend of elegant flavors and texture. The last bite was just as juicy as the first bite. For the weight watchers, the sight of the pork may run you out of the store, of course. It's layered with fat! If you can stomach that, this exceptional dish is a must have. After the pork buns, we moved on to the potatos in some type of kimchi sauce with chives. The mixture with a semi raw egg made this very appetizing. I guess there was a reason this dish was labeled an appetizer. If you have enough stomach estate, this is an excellent choice. I regret the choice a bit only because it took up too much space. The wings were the next up. These are good wings. However, they aren't smoked by any means (as indicated by the menu). The flavors were decent. If I wanted to pan fry wings with soy sauce and sugar, I could have done it at home. The ramen did not disappoint. This was one of the best ramen with clear soup base I have had. The noodles were pretty bouncy. The soup base was well seasoned without the taste of chemicals. I enjoyed both the roast pork and the pulled pork. You just need to remember that this is a fusion restaurant and the ramen is just another fusion creation. To finish up the experience I got the ice cream. The gingerbread ice cream was a bit over the top. It was too spicy and bitter for my taste, even for a specially created ice cream. The orange and clove version was much better. Over all, we had dishes ranging from exceptional - 5 star, to excellent - 4 star and good - 3 star. This is a full 4 star experience without discount. I'll absolutely be back even if it's just for the pork buns.
It's all about the buns, baby. The ramen is actually fairly mediocre. I'd recommend making a meal out of just buns. Shrimp is the best. My favorite thing about this restaurant is its name.  Momofuku. Sounds filthy, doesn't it?! We waited 30 minutes for a table at midnight on a Saturday. Be prepared for a long wait, and an overly bright, overly loud ambiance. But take my advice -- stick to the buns, baby.
This area has lots of people and things going on at night.  The wait time is honest and not that bad - we waited 30 minutes on a Saturday night around 9:30 p.m. (walked to Pommes Frites for a snack around the corner!).   The service here is quick and efficient.  We didn't have to ask for one thing - they knew we were sharing four dishes among the three of us and gave us the plates, spoons and bowls in advance.  They fill up your waters and clear the table after each plate quickly and come by enough to know that they are somewhere in the hectic sea of bodies.   The pork buns were $12 per order, which means $6 a pork bun!  But they were very good - the pork was tender and laid on a peking duck bun with green onion and peking duck-ish sauce.  The tataki salad was bleh (order something else).  The scallion, cucumber, mushroom and ginger noodles - no soup - were chewy and really good with some of their red sauce (which btw, is spicier than siracha even though it looks like siracha so be careful!).  Momofuku ramen was ok - we popped the egg and it made the soup less flavorful and milky.  Loved the chewy noodles here!   This place reminds me of restaurants on Union Street in SF - it's casual, clean and homey.  Service is stellar!  I want to try the other stuff on the menu - please open one in SF.
So excited to have finally made it hear. We sat at the counter and took part in nearly half the menu including the Momofuku and miso ramen. It was a nice twist for both, but I'm a David Chang fan and found all his creations inspiring and tasty. His Spanish mackerel tataki and pork buns stood out the most; but I think his chocolate chip cake truffles are the sleeper here. Those slid under the radar and made the night complete. It was almost like I could feel how much care was put into the thought of making that just right - just in order to make it taste so unique. Other things that turn me on to this concept and DC's places: 1) The right-in-front-of-you kitchen and hot line--a lot of stages that night, but so cool to watch them get trained as we ordered. 2) Chalkboard specials and the gastro pub style seating 3) Industry friendly and intelligent wait staff 4) Micro Brewed beer and their very own honjozo from Akita, JP (If I could buy and sell , I would) It was well worth the 2 day trip to NY ...
There are much better ramen places in the city, but their pork buns are to die for.  Succulent, juicy, deliciousness rolled up in a fluffy and slightly sweet bun.   Drink before or after though.  The beers are way overpriced.
pork buns deserve 5 stars on their own, but you apparently can get those to-go from the milk bar ... so really, there's no point in waiting an hour in a sea of hipsters to get them...the ramen was nothing special, to be honest...i got the scallion ginger noodle dish, but i was surprised that it came with no broth! the signature ramen dish was OK, though a little salty. the $15 heirloom tomato salad was a joke .... barley anything on the plate, and the over salted meat completely ruined the tomato and melon. we'll be back to the milk bar for those incredible pork buns, but never again for the ramen.
There was a good number of people Tuesday night at 8:30pm and we had to wait about 20 mins. The pork buns were nothing special and $9 for 2 was not worth it. The ramen was pretty salty, but a generous size for $16. It's fairly cramped as you sit on small wooden stools, nearly touching elbows with the person next to you. It's well light in the restaurant but also really loud to have a conversation with someone. Service was fine. I'm glad we tried it but wouldn't go back since I can get the same or better at Chinese/Japanese restaurants.
Sooo good. The girls I was with bought the $100 chicken. I obviously didn't have any but let's just say they were eating chicken for the next couple of days! I assume it was good. But what I had certainly couldn't be beat. I had the Ginger Scallion Noodles made with pickled shiitakes, cucumber, and cabbage. It was AMAZING. That was my first time trying mushrooms and I absolutely love them. Must go!!
great casual dining ramen place. had the staple - pork buns and spicy miso ramen, with the yuzu soju slushie. everything was spectacular. great atmosphere, with an open kitchen and not-too-loud music. pork buns and ramen were both the best i've ever had.
I have to admit I'm surprised that as of September 8, 2014, there isn't one mention of "saimin" in these reviews.  Saimin isn't well known outside Hawaii, isn't a way for any chef to flex his culinary muscles, but it's good stuff.  Simple comfort food. Momofuku Noodle Bar's showcase ramen offering -- in terms of the noodles themselves -- has a very, very strong saimin taste.  No question about it. Of course, the broth itself is infinitely more complex and tasty than what normally comes with saimin.  And the poached egg requires the teenagers to go through 6 hours of hands on training.  But other than that, the taste which comes through in the end -- saimin. Pork buns are great too, but seriously, that's incredibly difficult to screw up in this context.  Chang could do that in his sleep and it doesn't require much on his part.  Don't believe the TV hype on how profoundly deep the science, history, culture, etc. on pork buns is.
My friend and I had the ramen ($16) and it was definitely overrated and expensive. The broth was a little salty as well.
I arrived here on a monday night at 6:30 pm with a friend, and was surprised to be seated right away, though there was a line of larger parties waiting. I was excited for my first David Chang experience, having heard so much about him as a NY foodie. We started with the famous pork buns.  The pork was almost entirely fat and no meat for both buns. It was very unpleasant to bite into pure fat, and the bun was under-sauced. My friend pretty much took the pork out of his bun. The people next to me seemed to have a better slice of meat, but it was surprising such a highly regarded restaurant would be inconsistent with their most famous dish. The Momofuku ramen was good, but nothing special. There is much better ramen to be had in New York for less money (Totto, for example). The meat was pretty good, tender and with a generous amount. The noodles were al dente and solid. The broth, however, was bland and 'thin,' leaving this eater unsatisfied. I'm glad I tried out a Chang restaurant, but the quality was disappointing and the dishes overpriced.
A solid three star, great appetizers and anything with pork tastes great and savory but everything's a bit overpriced and the noodles themselves were average at best. My friend remarked that she could smell the "newness" of the wooden bar and tables in the restaurant.
your thoughts on momofuku largely depend on the ramen places you've been before (which is to say, whether or not you've been to ippudo over on 4th and 10th). they have two distinct tastes -- ippudo's strength is the richness of their broth and the overall blend of flavors, and momofuku's is an underlying lightness that relies on its ingredients/toppings. ultimately, i preferred ippudo, but i think momofuku is definitely worth a visit, and if anything, it has a more authentic flavor to it - there is still good ramen outside of ippudo. TIPS - the pork at momofuku is exquisite, in the pork buns and also in the ramen - it's a crispy, drier version than the pork belly you get at ippudo. - again, come to momofuku expecting a lighter broth and each individual topping to stand out more, and for the "spicy miso" to not actually be very spicy - highly recommend the soju slushie, perfect for a hot day - GREAT ventilation/air conditioning in momofuku - also highly recommend momofuku ssam bar (haven't been in 3 yrs, but i'd say it was 5-star quality)
Getting there before 6:30PM on a Monday was a key to not waiting.  It was certainly busy but there was no wait.  Noticed around 7PM is when waiting time creeps in for parties.   Communal tables were not a big deal, in fact we ordered what our tablemates were eating because it looked so good.   Pork buns were awesome and everyone liked their soups and noodles.  Cucumbers added the perfect crispness to the ginger noodles which to me was the outstanding factor of it all. It's the little things. Service was super friendly, always a plus.
I would have given one star for the pork soup, I've had better in the Tokyo airport Service is better at JP Morgan The beet salad was nice and so were the Apple balls with too much hitter for anyone over 35
I had the pork buns and the kimchee. While the kimchee was ok the pork buns are phenomenal. The service was so so when I went. It was an odd time, 2 pm, so maybe it was mid shift change or something but I ordered a drink and never got it which ended up being fine for me (save me money why don't you). If you're in the neighborhood I would definitely recommend stopping in.
Fried chicken. YUM. Moist, flavorful, and FUN. I don't know what's not to like about the experience. It's $100 for a heaping platter of chicken legs and thighs and breasts. We went with five people and it was definitely enough food to feed six or seven -- we took some home with us. There are two types of chicken -- traditional (the batter is buttermilk and Old Bay) and Korean. The latter is excellent and I ate it by itself -- the flavor is sweet with a slight, spicy kick to it. The traditional was very salty but mixed into a wrap (the $100 includes all-you-can-eat veggies and sauces) it was sublime.
We must have been there on a good ramen day, because it was pretty tasty. I am not a ramen purist. The pork and shrimp buns? A-mazing. You must try them at least once in your life, and you won't regret it when you do. Unless you are veggie, in which case you will be filled with self-loathing even as you relish the delectable symphony of crack sauce and pork fat dripping down your chin. The atmosphere is loud and jostly, which I don't mind and find fitting for a little noodle place. The service is brusque and infrequently can border on rudeness. I tolerate this for the buns. My name is Evangeline S. and I am a bunaholic.
if anything, i'm proud to say that a few years back when i was living in the east village, i stumbled on this place and instantly knew that momofuku's was an undiscovered hit.  six months later and david chang wins the james beard award.  their pork ramen is the absolute best!  styled after the ichiraku ramen stands in japan, momofuku's offers more than "just ramen".  the pork is heritage berkshire and basically melts in your mouth and the ramen broth has just enough flavor to keep it from being salty.  i was a big fan of their side dishes ... seasonal pickles.  all of this paired with a nice cold beer (we had the orion) and the evening was perfect.  i went back multiple times after that when they added new dishes to the menu ... the veal sweetbreads  and steamed buns were EXCELLENT and short of dying of a heart attack, the pork belly was so sweet and succulent, i couldn't get enough.  unfortunately, i don't see myself going back to momofuku's because the wait is forever now, but the self-satisfaction of having discovered this gem before david chang took off will be with me always.
Oh momofuku I should've just stuck to my love affair with ma peche and milkbar! Its not that noodle bar is bad but it's not amazing. I got the spicy miso ramen which was pretty good but not a world changing experience like other yelpers have led me to believe.  I also tried my friends momofuku ramen - I did like the broth for that better than mine but again not world changing/mind altering.   I would come back to noodle bar but only if there isn't a wait.  I don't see a point in waiting for something I've found to be average.
I've never seen a variety of Yelp reviews so polarizing about pork buns, so I was a mix of nervous and excited going into Momofuku Noodle Bar. First off...you MUST arrive before 7pm if you want to be seated without an hour to two hour wait. My three friends and I showed up at 6:45pm and had no problem getting seated immediately. But by 7:15 there was a line out the door, and by 8:30pm when we left, there were about 40 people waiting outside. Even with all this, we never felt rushed by our server and the restaurant never seemed TOO crowded. There are no prices on the website, so I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of the expense, but everything was really affordable. We ate for about $25 each...and that was by splitting two of the ramen (about $14 each), and three of the buns (about $9 each). Though I didn't try the pork buns, my friends raved. And I love, love, loved the Shrimp buns and the Shittake buns. All in all, I left full and happy. Another note: the desserts on the menu can't be purchased anywhere else, including the Momofuku Milk Bar, as we discovered. So if you see something you want to try, go for it! And if you want the fried chicken, you need to make arrangements beforehand! We will be back for that one day.
In a rare case of the line gods looking down on us, we somehow found the sweet spot of no waiting to get in to the always crowded, please stand outside and wait in the cold Momofuku. So why all the fuss? 1) Seven Spice Chips - house made and covered in seven spices that will turn up the heat in your mouth to eleven. 2) The Pork Bun, the signature item everyone raves about and from first bite to last it's justified. The meat melts in your mouth, the sauce is tangy and not overwhelming and the bun is perfectly steamed. 3) The brisket noodle bowl, large and filling with plenty of noodles, two good size pieces of brisket and a half of a hard boiled egg right on top. Find the sweet spot and get on in here. Enjoy!
Since I couldn't secure a prized seat at Momofuku Ko for the same day, we came to Momofuku Noodle Bar, and obviously was not disappointed. I had heard of the famed steamed pork buns and could not wait to sink my teeth into some of the rich fatty goodness that would later drip down the side of my mouth. It was a packed night, and after about a 15 min wait, we secured seats at the bar, in full view of the fireworks that take place in the kitchen.  We ordered the Momofuku ramen, the nugget potatoes, and steamed pork buns. Ramen - noodles were cooked perfectly.  Still chewy and flavorful, garnished complimented the broth and noodles.  Only complaint was that the broth was a tad bit salty, but nothing to cry over. Potatoes - decided to give this a shot, and although good and tasty, it's not a must.  Diced potatoes, with scallions, chopped bacon, and a poached egg.  The potatoes were still a big too big to fully absorb the egg yolk and flavors.  If they chopped it up smaller, the dish would be tasiter. Steamed pork buns - 2 fatty pieces of 3-layered-pork stuffed inside a steamed bun used for peking duck, this piece was quite epic.  First bite you crack through the perfectly charred layer of skin, then the thick layer of delicious fat spreads apart like the red sea, giving way to your moses teeth, before cleansing your tastebuds from all the grease with the lean meat, you begin chewing with a greasy smile on your face.   Perfection.
David Chang-Awesomeness-SuperHype-Momomomo-Billionaire Super Chain-Live up to its name? ___________________ Not for me (at least not yet) First Impressions are everything and I was not impressed. You know, on a first date, you better charm me, or show me some unique or some pizzaz that makes me want to go on a second date, and momo barely made the cut.  Better step up your game yo! lol FOOD: I just came in on a cold day and went with some Ramen since their name IS NOODLE BAR! I've heard great things about their pork buns, etc etc. other things, but NOODLE BAR entails me to try something with nooldes: ) I had their Momofuku Ramen and it wasn't bad. The best parts were the poached egg, the fatty pork flavor of the soup and the pork belly. However, after you finish all the noodles and after drinking a lot of it, the soup itself is just too salty. You may not notice at first because of the compilation of things or the sheer hunger you have but it is a bit on the salty side.  Above average ramen but still no ippudo/totto in my book.   SERVICE: CONFUSING AS HECK!!! I mean, you have all this room in the front for waiting, why not put a reception podium or something and have someone man/woMAN manning it! right? The fact that (besides the cooks) are all wearing normal street clothes, makes me even MORE confused who is working there. Who to take orders from or just talk to? They need to have a more cohesive clothing pattern whether its colors or a uniform polo or something.  When i came in, I don't know where to sit? It was a bit awkward and the hostess was so busy she wasn't there to even greet me! tsk tsk tsk, points off already for a big name like momo.  I don't care how rich or awesome you are, if you start forgetting about small things like this, then you need to rethink some of your business mottos and who really is important here...your image/ego? or your CUSTOMERS? lol ATMOSPHERE: The wood aesthetic is definitely two thumbs up from me. I love that comforting traditional Japanese vibe wood gives in a simple cleanly executed manner along with a modern twist.  I like how they have a group seating area, and bar sitting all the way to the back. The bar seating is VERY comfortable in my opinion. Wide countertop and feet rests and not cramped from left to right.  Good job on decor momo! SUMMERY: I'd come here just to try some of their staple stuff...but I think their noodles are a bit lacking and needs a step up.  I've heard of their fried chicken nights and pork buns and in all honesty, that's probably the only times I may want to come back, or if some friends want to go.  The prices are getting a little too steep for the content and quality and becoming way overpriced. Proceed with caution : )
The soup was ok. Had the momofuku ramen and it was much too salty and not too flavorful. I added more water to the broth and sriracha sauce. On the other hand, we had roasted rice cakes that were superb. Loved the texture. The right amount of crispness on the outside and right amount of smooth and yummy texture on the inside. The taste was great as well. The perfect medium between sweet and spicy. The steamed pork buns were amazing too! Just a bunch of tasty goodness and melt in your mouth feeling. So why three stars? Well the hostess said we couldn't be seated unless all of us were there and we had waited for 45 minutes to just get in the restaurant.. On top of that this was no place for a toddler at all. Guess we'll just have to go somewhere better and with respect and consideration for families with young ones.
this place is over hyped pork belly was moist but lacks flavor, you can probably put a pork belly in a crock pot with no seasoning and it would taste the same. the ramen soup base was bland it shouldn't even be called ramen
Food is great, but the size of this eat village restaurant is sub par. No place to wait, even when it's cold out. No coat check and there really isn't anywhere you can put your coat except for over your lap. That aside the food is what you come for. There ramen soup with pork belly, nori, and poached egg are to die for and their steamed buns are great too. Avoid the dinner rush by going either late night or early on.
OK, way overrated, had chicken buns, pork belly buns are gross, way to fat.  Tried the pork noodle bowl, just ok, pulled out all the fat, just ok, I would never go out of my way again to eat at David Changs resturants
Overrated. My first complaint is that when we got there we noticed there was a VERY small selection of wine. A waitress told us that we were welcome to go to a nearby store and grab our own wine so we decided to do that. It wasn't until after we bought 4 bottles of wine at a nearby liquor store, came back to the restaurant and were seated that we were told there was a $15 corkage fee per bottle! Would have been nice to know that beforehand... As per the food, I was underwhelmed. The pork buns were very fatty and while the noodles were tasty they were incredibly salty...this VERY high level of salt made it a bit difficult to enjoy. All in all, nothing special.
I am not someone who goes all in with a review, but this place lived up to all of the hype. I made a fried chicken reservation a month in advance, and we showed up as the restaurant opened. The host/waiter expected me, by name, and sat us promptly. The birds were fired up, and we ordered additional fare. We added shrimp buns, and the waiter brought out some additional noodles for our children at the table. The waiter was friendly, helpful with questions, and patient with our group. Then came the food...wow. They bring out two birds, one southern fried and one Korean. The southern fried chicken was buttermilk and old bay battered, and as moist as I have had. The Korean style had a great kick, and it was not overpowering. They also bring out four sauces for dipping. I preferred the hoisen sauce with the southern fried. They also bring out savory pancakes and a bowlful of greens. You can wrap the chicken in different combos using the sauce, pancakes, and greens. A different taste with each combination. I would also like to rave about the shrimp buns. The flavor and texture was terrific. All of this for a price that was very reasonable for a meal at a trendy restaurant, in Manhattan for a part of 8. David Chang and his staff brought their game for a great dining experience. Bonus points for the giant picture of The Band as you enter.
Had an amazing dinner here last night! The atmosphere, food and service were all great. Definitely glad I came and the wait was WORTH IT.
If you want the fried chicken you better make a reservation. The buns were also SO good.
Prior to eating at this Momofuku establishment, I've cared very little about the brand itself. I knew as much as Two distinct words I've heard over and over again but didn't know the reason for such popularity. It's fair to say I went in with very little expectations of what the cuisine would be and kept an open-mind as always. "Momofuku" & "Empire" It wasn't until I've travel back home and asked a local person to kindly explain to me what the whole concept and history of Momofuku is about, that I got a better understanding but nonetheless I still go by my initial judgment and comparisons from my personal experiences as should anyone else. Steamed Buns(Pork $10.00) - While the Pork Belly is nicely done, it did as it's suppose to do to overdose on Pork Fat which I can't deny provides flavour. Overlooking the cost, I guess what I didn't enjoy as much was the ingredient proportions nor textures within. This fusion dish reminds me of half Peking Duck and half Gua Bao. That said, it's HALF as good as those original dishes. In comparison, it lacks freshness contrast(tiny cucumber slice & miniscule chopped scallions fail), crunchiness(to offset the bun) and umami savouriness(pork fat & hoisin sauce combo didn't do it). All things that hook customers back for more. If you've tried those you'll understand what I mean. Momofuku Ramen (Pork Belly, Pork Shoulder, Poached Egg $16.00) - When I thought a bowl of Toroniku Tokusen Miso($12.95) on the west-coast was pricey, that one even had some Pork Cheek which is one of the rare parts of the Animal. I was expecting Momofuku Ramen to be the motherload of Ramen in any value comparison. Pork Belly - Good enough as within the Steamed Buns. Pork Shoulder - Look/Taste/Overcook like within in Chinese Soups. Poached Egg - Excellent soft poached. Soup Base - Interesting flavours within but nothing to Yelp about. Noodles - Reminds me of Wonton Noodles but thicker with less bite. Tamales (Kimchi $3.00) - SKIP
Lunch was both delicious and a letdown. I'm thankful they served their famous porkbuns first, because my appetite was not wasted. Though there's only two, they're decently portioned and the meat hangs out like a tantalizing invite. Thin cucumber slices and a delish sauce add a nice detail but don't compete with the meat. The Momofuku ramen was disgraceful. I was warned and didn't listen. Go to Ippudo, or open a package of Shin Ramen and blindly throw it in some boiling water. But do not order their tasteless noodle water. Fingerling potatoes (bacon, poached eggs, scallion) were... Well. What it sounds like. I felt like I was at Wendy's with a baked potato. Dessert consisted of cherry and olive oil (yup, olive oil) soft serve. What can I say? It tasted like olive oil. I do not like olive oil melting in my mouth, but the name should have been a fair warning. The only consolation was the graham cracker lining the bottom of the cup (who doesn't love a good graham cracker crust?) Caviat: This is a lunch review. I had a full and varied dinner a year or two back and remember being delighted by the buns, kimchee stew, and mix of others. As other reviews show, there's ample room for both improvement and showing off their worthy items.
This is a decent ramen place, though honestly I've had better ramen in the city. Two pointers: -If you're going for brunch/lunch on the weekends, get there right when the place opens or even a bit earlier. Half an hour into opening, the place was jam-packed. -Definitely get the pork belly buns. Something about the combination of fatty hunks of meat with what seemed to be a special hoisin-like sauce and scallions = amazing The ramen itself had wavy but somewhat stiff, yellow (egg?) noodles, which is a bit different from other NYC ramen places I think. The broth was fine but not as rich-tasting as other places. The combination of these two made me less than fully enthusiastic about the ramen here...I feel like I've had more enjoyable ramen at other places (even nearby on St. Mark's), but it was fun to try a new place and to see what all the buzz around Momofuku is about (plus the pork buns here are amazing). Service was great; the meal overall wasn't too pricey either. Next time I come I'd want to try the drinks they have (whatever they had going in that slushy machine looked pretty tasty)
4 stars for the pork buns - very good indeed. Just the right amount of fattiness in the pork belly, but I thought two pieces to one bun was overkill. Would've liked the price to be $8 for two buns (instead of $10), each filled with ONE piece of meat (especially since they're a generous cut). 5 stars for the burnt honey soft serve! This is soooo good. They serve the soft serve in a tiny little cup with a tiny plastic spoon. I didn't mind having to eat from a plastic spoon because the soft serve was so creamy and light but still had enough sweetness to remind you, hello! yes, i'm filled with honey. The best part of the soft serve? Burnt crystallized honey bits! These little magic sugar crystals are beyond any toppings I've had with frozen yogurt, frozen custard, and soft serve. The honey crystals with the soft serve = heaven in a ceramic cup. There were also toasted black sesame seeds in the soft serve bonded to some of the burnt honey crystals which I didn't care for, and thought was unnecessary. Sometimes simplicity is key.
This place was nothing I was expecting. It is insanely crowded With almost everyone ordering the same bowl of Momofuku ramen, myself included. The ramen, which starts at 16$, is nothing more than noodles and toppings in a soy sauce soup. It wasn't real Japanese ramen! Where was the delicious broth or the flavor? I couldn't believe people were raving about this ramen. I'm sticking with ippudo for my noodle fix.
The ramen was good, but not particularly amazing. The only thing that stuck out in my mind was the dulce de luche dessert my roommate got; the waitress recommended it, but turned out to be a total ripoff. Three tablespoon sized scoops of some bland dairy based cream plus salted caramel sauce for 4 bucks. My friend really liked the pork buns, and they were solid but for the price I would just recommend a food truck. I grew up eating these types of "bao", and believe me the main thing that makes it is simply pork belly or pork butt (yes, pork butt). I do have to give it to them though, the goat ramen is very unique.
Noodle Bar is noticably more casual than Ssam (and vastly more so than next-door Ko) but has a broadly similar approach to the service and cuisine.  No reservations (except for groups ordering the showcase menu item, fried chicken in the case of Noodle Bar, which we didn't get) The menu is quite short which permitted my wife and I to work though about two thirds of it, just the two of us, with some strategic pooling of effort.   All pork items are obviously spectacular - loved the buns, but that was only the beginning.  A hunk of fois gras was tasty, and the "side dish" potatoes with a bit of bacon were too die for.  The eponymous Ramen was delicious (and featured some pork highlights!). One major difference between Noodle Bar, on the one hand, and Ko and Ssam, is the de-emphasis on high-end booze.  If Noodle Bar had a full wine list, I certainly didn't see it.  Instead there was a VERY tight edit of very inexpensive wines, accompanied by some beer choices, on the reverse of the photocopied menus of the day.  Still, had a pleasant $7 Syrah about which no complaints!
Food: Famous for their ramen, which I thought was very average. Service: We got there at 2 and there was still a line for lunch. I don't want to know how long the wait is at normal lunch time. The hostess was nice but kept switching where to put us. Environment: Probably the defining part of Momofuku. Space was really tight and it was loud. But it was not overwhelming. Money: Pricey for quality of food. Intangibles: This was my first time and I didn't know that Momofuku's are "hidden" and don't look like restaurants at all from the outside!
atmosphere: small, cramped, waited with a bunch of teenage eurotrash.  ugh. food: beyond fantastic.  it was worth the horrible wait.  get the kimchi stuff if you like spicy food and preserved foods - if not, avoid it.  the momofuku ramen was to die for, i stuffed myself till i exploded.  the soy egg was good, i could have done without.  do not miss the pork buns, they are to die for (the momofuku ramen has the same type of pork in it).  the ginger scallion ramen is light, more like a summer dish.  we also got a momofuku jar of pickles and they were gobbled up quickly by 3 of us.  in short, food was fab (only thing i did not like was the kimchi dish).  i also ordered the lychee soda, and i really liked that. staff: the ushers were fab, they were polite, professional, made sure we got drinks and whatever we needed and avoided eye contact till it was our turn to be seated.  our waitress was fab - friendly, efficient, prompt, always there and always ready for our next order.
One word: Overrated. I'm a huge ramen person and was super stoked to try this place because of all the hype surrounding it. I left disappointed, mainly because the ramen is just way too salty. They have awesome options (I love that they have chicken ramen!) but need to relax on the salt factor. The shrimp buns are amazing though. Super soft and tender and melts-in-your-mouth status. Not sure I'll be coming back here; I think Totto Ramen and Ippudo are much better, but glad I checked this off the list! Sidenote: Definitely be prepared for a wait. My gf and I had a 1.5 hour wait on a Friday night so we went to a bar nearby in the meantime.
I can't believe this place is so busy! Their ramen is definitely second rate. Went here with 3 other girl friends who all agree with me that there's much better ramen out there, especially in NYC. The soup was much too salty, had a strange burnt flavor and the noodle texture was just ok, too. I think I've made better instant noodles than this bowl in the past. Especially for $15/bowl, they really need to up their game. Skip and go down the block to Ramen Misoya. It's much better than this place. There's also Totto, Minca and Ganso (in Brooklyn). Plenty of better options available!
I think this place is extremely overrated. Even if there were no wait, I would not even waste my time here. To be honest, I don't love ramen like some of my friends do. But this ramen was the worst. It was extremely salty and I could barely eat half of my meal (for my friends who know me, this is extremely uncommon). I also tried the pork belly buns and thought that they were way too fatty. The pork meat to fat ratio was probably something like 1:4. At first, I tried picking out the meat to eat with the bun separately but just gave up since it was just a tiny sliver buried among the fat. I also had trouble eating this and felt like I had just consumed a whale after I ate half a bun. Ippudo's pork buns are much better and don't feel like an instant heart attack.
A friend and I decided to go to Noodle Bar for lunch since neither of us have been and had some delicious food today! Our meal selection included Shitake Buns, Ham Hock Stew, Ginger Scallion Noodles, Brussel Sprouts with Bonito, Bacon & Apple and Kimchi Potatoes. Everything was super tasty (probably because it was all seasoned with pork fat) and cooked very well. In particular, I loved the Ham Hock Stew and the Brussel Sprouts. These two dishes both featured products from Benton's Country Ham and the flavors were extremely well developed. The Ham Hock stew surprised me with its use of adzuki beans, which (as an Asian) I always associate with desserts. The beans were a great way to add texture without detracting from the dukk and fingerling potatoes that were also in the soup. However, the highlight of the dish was definitely the smoky and tender strips of hock. Each bite melted in my mouth. The sprouts were just as good. The Bonito was savory and fishy which balanced the richness of the bacon. The apple was smart as well in the sense that it cleansed the palate and provided interesting contrast against the buttery, soft sprouts. Surprisingly, although all the dishes have heavy, high fat ingredients, nothing was greasy.   Overall, this meal was fantastic and the service was very friendly and efficient. One last note: while the Momo's are know for their "fusion" cuisine, I'm not so sure that it should be considered as such. The composition of the dishes use Eastern and Western ingredients to form something original as opposed to fusing together two separate existing elements on one plate. At the end of the day, this is the reason why people go to Noodle Bar.
We were there on a Sunday early afternoon for lunch when there were plenty of seats at the bar, but not at the tables. The decor has the light colored wood, simple furniture with chalkboards. We shared for appetizers the beet salad which was quite yummy in terms of the variety of beets with a white yogurt of dressing? For entrees we shared their signature ramen dish which perhaps the best ramen I've had so far in terms of the broth not being too salty for me with the pork belly and pork shredded meat with a poached egg. The pork buns are a must have! The chicken buns have a nice crispiness texture to them. Service was friendly and attentive, never had a empty glass of water. I will miss this place when I am craving for ramen again.
Not sure why there are so many Momofuku Noodle Bar haters out there - but this is by far one of the best ramens I have ever had. I had the prawn ramen - the egg was perfect w a slightly runny yolk; the shrimp had their heads on, perfect of sucking out all the juicy goodness from their heads, the noodles were chewy and tender. Ah just thinking about it makes me want it right now. One thing I was not too crazy about where the pork buns. It was more like a taco than a bun, making it very messy to eat. All the porky goodness should be bundled up inside the bun.
Love how fresh it was ! Had Scallion noodles and a beer perfect meal! Only negative is how long the wait is all the time !
I was very disappointed with pork ramen that was completely off temperature when served.  Apparently, they did not warm up the noodles enough before serving it in broth - hence, temperature for both noodles and broth was way off.  And the pork slices were not satisfying.  A piece of nori it came with was a big square -- not proper as garnish and not roasted enough to add favor to the noodles.  Kimchee was too pungent (although I see how it can be appealing to some), I did not like overly seasoned and ripened kimchee.  Obviously, people who rave about this place has not tried ramen here.  I can't speak for other dishes, but fresh oyster appetizer, kimchee and ramen I tried there were all mediocre.  I will not be returning to this place.  Ever.
First off i have to give Momofuku a shout out for having a JERU THE DAMAJA quote on the Specials Menu however despite being a Hip Hop junkie I'm still going to have to give this place two stars. The broth was super salty. I could get better noodles at a hole in the wall spot.
Lunch today and dining alone.  Arrived a little before Noon and waited in line with 20-30 others for the doors to open.  Promptly seated at the counter overlooking the busy kitchen in the back.  No wait for my order to be taken.  I had the delicious Pork Buns (a must if you go) and the Noodle Special of the day which was Brisket Saman.  The buns arrived within minutes.  The Saman was an interesting dish of cold noodles with wonderfully peppered and smoked brisket.  The noodles were bathed in the drippings of the brisket and carrots and pickled dikon were added for texture. Bill was $30 and time spend was less than 45 minutes in all. Great experience, undoubtedly will return.
Momoyummy! I love steamed pork buns, and these were to die for. Not your usual gooey filled concoction -- much more like peking duck with steamed buns. A whole hunk of tasty pork belly nestled inside a steamed bun folded over. I had the prix fixe menu that (that night) consisted of a fresh mackerel dish, mussels, and a delicious striped bass, and fancy soft serve ice cream for dessert. An extremely good value. Also had their signature ramen that was pretty much the best I've ever had (important note: I have never been to Japan!). If I lived in NYC I'd be here waaaay too often. Also the service was friendly and fantastic for such a busy place. One thing to remember: the food portions are reasonable but not large, and generally light in total calories, so if you are starving you may end up spending more than you expect. Or, you could simply visit Momofuku Milk Bar a few blocks away afterward...
Grrrrrr~ over-rated hype. Any Japanese noodle joint beats this place and manage to walk out with more wad in your wallet.
Luckily I work near the area and am walking distance from Momofuku Noodle Bar! How awesome is that!? So I got to come back a second time to this restaurant during lunch around 12:30PM and to our surprise there was no wait for seats for two to grab lunch. They promptly seated us at the noodle bar in the back where to chefs were at work cooking up the noodle and doing other fancy pieces of art with the food for guests. I still wasn't sure what that plate was. Maybe it was some type of tartare. Anyways, back to lunch. We ordered the pork buns to share and I had the Momofuku Ramen that comes with a poached egg, seaweed, bamboo shoots, and pork. It was a good lunch except for the fact that the soup was on the salty side. They can take it down a notch with the salt. Also, there are about 2-3 communal tables here, but it seems like the people here order the fried chicken dinners. Not sure if that's a special menu or if reservations are required for that. Maybe I'll come back for that one day. Price wise, it is somewhat expensive just for a bowl of noodles, about $15. I think that's too pricy to come here for lunch of course. The price is not different during dinner. But it definitely has a nice atmosphere.
I've kind of avoided coming here due to all the hype surrounding David Chang's restaurants especially his noodle bar Momofuku. But since I don't like to knock places I haven't been to, I thought I'd finally try it out. So I went for their famed pork buns and momofuku ramen. Their pork buns weren't anything special. Small oily piece of pork fat sandwiched between small white buns. I don't understand the hype about them. You can get meatier and tastier pork buns in Chinatown for half the price. The ramen here is really bad. Seriously, $15 bucks for frozen noodles that are dropped in boiling water before served in overly salty bland broth topped with sad pork belly, sad pork shoulder, a poached egg, canned bamboo shoots, and scallions? Not worth. I never been so disappointed in my life. Oh did I mention a lot of the people who eat here are scenester douche bags? I'm convinced that Momofuku is the P.F. Changs of the East village. The food here is overly priced and underwhelming bad. Don't believe the hype folks!
Lunch Prix Fixe was a good deal. $20 for three courses. I won't say they were impressive. Ham buns were definitely cute and yummy, I liked them, but the remen was too salty for me and my friend and coconut truffles were just a okay. However, I believe you will still enjoy the experience. The services were great, very attentive. Once you finished your course, the waiter/waitress would notice and sent over the next one. For a place with so many seats, the services were surprisingly great.
chicken wings were ok... familiar tastes. My mama makes better pork for sure, the 18 bucks port tenderloin was dry and the slushy soju drink was yuk. BUT chilled spicy noodle alone is worth a trip back! and deserves 5 stars! For more reviews visit my blog.
There's that saying that goes, "Been there, done that... And bought the t-shirt."  Being a West Coast native, when it comes to Momofuku, it's "Been there, done that... And bought the cookbook."  Momofuku has a hard cover cookbook.  I literally bought it.  You can find a bunch of their recipes online too.  Just Google "momofuku" and "recipe".   I love ramen.  I've had a chance to eat some good ramen.  And I'm telling you, I will always visit this place whenever I come to NYC from now on.  Was here with a group of 8 people.  It's tough to accommodate groups at this small, modern, stylish place.  However, as busy and packed as they were, the staff had a perfect attitude and got us seated at bar table of sorts area up near the front of the restaurant. Started of raw oysters.  Perfect.  Then onto the pork buns.  Freaking delicious.  Then the Momofuku ramen.  Definitely get it.  The noodles were done al dente, and the ingredients were all super fresh, very nicely presented, and just plain good. As far as I'm concerned, this is the best ramen place in the United States.
MEH overrated noodles. $15 ramen = hype. The restaurant was crowded but there were no asians except for my group of friends... which is a major red flag.
OMG!!!! I had recently read about this restaurant in the Los Angeles Magazine. Since I was planning a trip out to NY I figured I would stop in to see what all the fuss was about. Well let me tell you, it was fantastical!!! It was the perfect thing to eat on a rainy Saturday afternoon. My bf and I waited outside until it opened at noon. We headed straight for the counter where we could see the chefs at work. We had pig tails for an appetizer, (i really dont think that was what it was, but my bf swears it was). It was so delicious!!! Then we both got the ramen soup. It had shredded pork, green onions, mushrooms and an egg. Ohhhh yummy, the best part was breaking the egg and mixing the yolk into my soup, reminded me of when my grandma used to do it when I was little. Out of all the places I ate while I was in NY, this place was #1. I could seriously eat this every day. Nothing fancy, but they really make some great food. Next time I will definately try their pork buns. Btw, GREAT SERVICE!!!!
Went here with a semi-foodie friend from out of town. We both loved it. The fingerling potato starter with bacon and a poached egg definitely aroused the pallet. The ramen was excellent as well. The wait was long, but well worth it. In the end, I paid $16 for a bowl of ramen, but damn, that was good!
I am giving this 2 stars based on the actions of the manager. I personally felt that my food was fine... not overwhelming... but fine. How do you screw up scallions, ginger and noodles- which was what I ordered, but what happened to my table-mate was unacceptable for ANY restaurant.   For dinner, with the special unavailable, my cousins ordered the Momofuko Ramen, which sounded great on the menu. But on the palette, it was so salty--too salty to be edible. It tasted like pork smoked water...not other flavor to speak of. When she mentioned to the waitress that the dish was too salty, she got the manager. The manager actually argued with her and said that the dish was made to "specification" and the only thing he could do is offer her some water to add to the ramen to try and ease the saltiness. HAHA, really? water down a meal to make it edible? The manager also said this particular ramen was made with a bacon broth, hence the saltiness, but this was not part of the description on the menu. And he said that all of their dishes are made to have substantial flavors. That would be okay, but this was substantially salt, and no other flavor. The manager also said the Momofuko Ramen was their signature dish...uh-oh. . The manager said he couldn't take the meal off the check even though it was deemed inedible. He actually said it was against their policy to take meals off of a check and once again offered the water. He didn't even offer to swap the meal for something else. After arguing with the manager for about 5 minutes, he finally said he would take the meal off the check--which wasn't a small check to begin with. That means, he could have actually done something about this situation when I first complained, and avoided this unpleasantness, but decided not to accommodate a dissatisfied customer until pressed. By the way, the other person who ordered the Momofuko Ramen also didn't like it, but when he saw the trouble she was having with the manager, decided not to do anything about his meal--except return it to the kitchen mostly uneaten. Basically, in my experience, a chef wants to know when something stinks. Not once did he even seem to care about the possibility of a line chef making a mistake or a bad batch of this Signature Dish. To me, that means "We have a 2 hour wait and don't really care what you think...people will still come." IT WAS A $12 DISH FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! Not worth the hype. Go find a Pho noodle house.
For once I should not have trusted the NY Times and instead read carefully the reviews here. But blinded by the rave reviews in the written press and raver (?) ones on TV I rushed to Momofuku. Wielding my corporate I ordered blindly and extravagantly for  my non-existing client and I. Mistaking the hipster Asian greeter for the owner, I turned my culinary charm on, determined to establish my Far Eastern credentials. The first bite of the kimchi came as a surprise as did the next - I guess I felt like the boy who first saw the king had no clothes. He did not know what to sayt and I blamed myself  for not being able to nibble at the vinegary kimchi, no matter how many draughts of OB I swallowed. Being used to all the store bought kimchi, I blamed my plebian tastebuds. Surely the ramen would take care of that. But no - that was even worse with a big hunk of pork and an unsavory broth. Not for the first time I thanked my corporate and fled the place. Back home in California, the first thing I did was to go to my local Korean just to ensure that my taste buds were not fuku'd - they were not. The ba bim bap tasted fine as did the kimchi.
20 minute wait on a Thursday night - not bad The momofuku ramen was delicious but it didn't really blow my mind or anything. I didn't even finish my bowl. I probably could've finished it but just chose not to. The bowl was huge and could be shared with another person. The shitake pork buns were "aight" Now that I've crossed this off my list, I'm off to a new ramen place!
It saddens me that this place has such terrible service. We were told a 20 min wait and it was actually 50 min. Our waiter was nonexistent, the busboy helped us more than he did. I'm a big fan of David Chang and I thought the ramen was actually quite tasty, but the service just completely ruined the experience.
Momo-fuk-who? Momo-fuk-u, buddy! This is where you go when you are from out of town and have no clue what good food, Asian or otherwise, is. Their ramen, ASS. Their grits with seafood, ASS. Their fried chicken, GREAT, but I could fry my big-toe in bacon fat and it would be tasty. The folks that hang out here, DOUCHEY. _____
So I'm kinda biased about this place because I bought an autographed version of David Chang's Momofuku cookbook. I always revered David Chang's work as pretty revolutionary in the creative culinary scene. So it's almost 5 stars automatically for having David Chang's name stamped on it. I consider this the most original noodle bar in the US and everything elsewhere just an imitation that doesn't do it right like D Chang does it. Walking in, you see very modern, sleek wooden seats and tables with boxes of wooden chopsticks. You can tell they're serious about serving ramen. I hate how you have to wait a long line and how it's so cramped in there, but the food was definitely worth it. I sat at the bar and I saw how they cooked everything! They deep fry their noodles a bit to add texture to it. Bravo. Got the Momofuku + kimchi stew Ramen with the shitake mushroom buns and buttered cauliflower. The momofuku ramen noodles had a thicker texture to it - slightly chewy/gummy. Very enjoyable sensation in your mouth. (nothing sexual ...) Broth was good/ok. Not as memorable as Ippudo's, but still good. I loved the side toppings - pork belly was super tender, fatty, and melt-in-your-mouth good. The Kimchi Stew ramen was very flavorful and had chunks of beef. They have really fresh ingredients and it reminded me a bit of Bu da jigae but way better. As for the appetizers, the shitake buns were pretty memorable because the shitakes were really really well seasoned and the flavor was very memorable. Buttered cauliflaower with raisins were also very delightful. I've always hated cauliflower but I couldn't stop eating this! The reason I love momofuku so much is that they make all the ordinary things taste so great. Clap clap applause.
I don 't know what took me to long to go to the Noodle Bar. Iim a big fan of David Chang's culinary endeavors. The Noodle Bar was good. It was definitely up there for lunch and for noodles. I did enjoy my meal but I have to say, it is no Ippudo. Sorry, my favorite ramen/noodles are still just down the street.
Momofuku is so well heard of, but like most true New Yorkers say about NYC, if you've heard of it, it's probably old news. In this case I would say that's true. I had the ramen, which wasn't amazing, it was bad, but considering you're in the biggest mecca of international cuisine in the world, I would say I could do a lot better. This is one place you could miss if you're trying to find great NYC cuisine. One thing I will say though is the service is great, very friendly!
Pork buns are a must and the Momofuku ramen is great but make sure to check the specials, The spareribs ramen with fermented black bean and bok choy was an amazing spicy treat.
My friends and I had the fried chicken dinner and there was 8 of us. There was so much food someone wound up taking home some chicken. I thought the Korean style was delicious, the Southern was a little boring. We also had pork buns to start which were amazing. I had some ginger slushie drink that was really good, but I think it might have been pretty weak. For dessert a few of us got the banana bread soft serve which was also amazing. Overall, food was really good and the fried chicken dinner is a bargain. I just wish the tables weren't so close and the chairs had backs.
The best thing about Momofuku is the atmosphere.. it's a relaxed and modern setting with really great music. The service was excellent too! However, I tend to review places based on the food... I don't mind paying $16 for really great ramen, but this was ramen that tasted about the same as a packet of nissan I can make at home. The pork inside the pork buns was really flavorful but $9 for two buns is a bit much. Maybe I should have tried the pre fixe lunch ($20 for duck breast, hanger steak, and dessert).
Pork buns are good, but could be way better - why? The pork belly slices need to have fat, but the right amount! When grease start dripping off the side of the bun every time you take a bite, you just know that something's not right. For $5 a bun, they can do better than this. Ok, lets talk about the ramen. I got a couple of good pieces of pork, but the rest of them are odds and ends of the strip, meaning that not only were they tough, they were also very salty.  The noodles had good texture. But for $16 a bowl, couldnt they be a little more committed to the quality?
went for the bo ssam with a group of friends, it was pretty good and got me stuffed. i am sad that i did not get to try the noodles... my only complaints are that it was very crowded and the service was mehh
I don't have much to say about this place that hasn't already been said- Amazing pork buns, great ramen. A hidden "gem" that isnt mentioned frequently is the frozen yuzu palmer. A great frozen treat to go along side your steaming bowl of ramen. Also loved the seasonal spicy cucumber side I ordered on my last visit. I feel guilty taking up space here for too long, but it's such a cozy, laid back atmosphere to catch up with a friend over some good comfort food. This places can get PACKED so go on an off time or get there early/
I've given them 4 tries, and each time there was a problem of some kind - some large, some small - preventing me from joining the oodles of sycophants.  For details, see below.  But overall, there are half a dozen places in walking distance that are better. Details: -first visit, the noodles were gummy and incorrectly cooked.  Somehow both mushy and chewy at the same time. -second visit, the sausage buns were dressed with the kind of "mustard" that comes in those little takeout chinese packets: mostly starch and water with some yellow coloring.  Blech. -third time: I ordered a coke and was given an unannounced substitution of a locally sourced, hand crafted "cola".  But Coke is what I wanted, real Coke.  Not the $4 hipster substitute made with rain forest alliance certified cane sugar.  When I asked why, she just said unapologetically "This is better!"  No, doll-face, not better, different.  Heavy and syrupy, less carbonation.  I wanted Coca-Cola (tm). -fourth time: no food problems, but if you get seated at the back bar, the walkway is so narrow that everyone using the bathroom and every server, as well, will bump you. The standard house ramen is $16!!  Overall this place has been a major disappointment.
Give me pork! More pork! More pork! If you can't get enough of pork, then Momofuku is the place to be. David Chang cooks pork with reckless abandon. Beware Muslims and Vegetarians! This is a temple of pork. Don't be fooled by the name. This place has mediocre ramen. The true strength of this restaurant is its uncanny ability to serve humble Asian food through a "Mediterranean" lens. Fried Green Tomatoes with marinated anchovies and kim chee? Are you kidding me? It totally works! A more straight up Asian dish of crispy pork belly with hoisin and steamed buns rocks. The poached eggs are always perfectly cooked. This place has a concise menu. Most people order sides and a bowl of ramen. The ramen portions are generous. So I would consider sharing a bowl and leaving more room for pork dishes! There is a no reservation policy which means you often must wait 20-30 minutes to be seated. There is bar-style seating which I am always a fan of. The clientele is young and hip; Lucy Liu was sitting behind me on my last visit. The check average here is very reasonable. You have to order a lot of food and sake to exceed a $50 person check average here. The noise levels can be loud at times. I don't mind because it adds to the energy in the dining room. Just don't expect to have a quiet conversation. Momofuku's success has proven that a casual dining business model is more profitable than a fine dining one. Every chef in the US is hoping to duplicate David Chang's success. Lucky for us! We need more restaurants in this price range! Momofuku Noodle Bar is on my Fave 10 NYC as having The Most Unapologetic Pork-centric Menu in NYC.
Various co-workers and foodie friends could not say enough good things about Momofuku Noodle Bar.  Plus the bf and I just finished watching season 2 of Treme and were delighted with chef David Chang's appearance on the show. So when my friend J. asked me what's my plans for my short weekend visit, the only must do was to chowdown on Momofuku Ramen.  We got in line 15 minutes before they opened - my friend and I jumped in line behind the first group of people 10 mins before opening - we were the only ones there.  5 mins later a huge line formed behind us!   The ramen was great - a deliciously pork filled umami bomb of a soup.  DIfferent flavor from my favorite joints in LA & OC - best way to describe the flavor is a kalua pork from Hawaii made love to a Japanese ramen bowl.  Mmm so delish on such a cold evening.  I had to text my coworkers immediately afterwards to send them my thanks for their recommendation. Remember folks, if you're hungry for Momofuku Noodle Bar, get in line at least 15 minutes before.  And don't forget to get an order of pork belly buns!
Wow the ramen was amazing. I got one whiff and it was all bacon and pork, delicious. The noodles were cooked perfectly, just a little al dente. The staff was great and were super helpful, constantly on top of everything. Everyone must go here
Meh. I've experienced WAYYYY better. I had really high expectations for another one of David Chang's creation, but was met with disappointment. Albeit meaty, the pork buns lack flavor. The noodles were subpar. There was only one piece of meat in the whole bowl. The broth for the ramen was overly salty. My friend and I couldn't even finish our ramen in fear of high blood pressure. Go to Ippudo or Totto.
1 star. Just because it's David Chang, I mean come on really? Overpriced and overrated.
heard a lot of good things about this place so i wanted to try it out for myself. pretty friendly staff, very prompt with service and suggestion on what to order. i guess i came at a bad time since they were having a staff meeting and closing before the dinner rush. i had the momofuku ramen and special of the day of oysters on the half shell with caviar and grapefruit juice. normally i don't eat oyster but i wanted to try a couple since it was my first time eating there. the oysters were delicious and very flavorful. when the ramen arrived i was very pleased at the presentation and ingredients of the ramen. all ingredients were fresh and hand cut, nothing artificial in the ramen at all. the soup was definitely tasty and i'd be a fan to come back for lunch/dinner any time.
Sat at the bar just barely beating the line for lunch and had the lunch prix fixe which came with a fried oyster bun, noodle soup with scallions and a wine/cheese twist soft serve for $20. They also gave a shot of some sliced beef with caviar which was on the house. That was delicious. The fried oyster bun was off the chain. It was very fresh and my friend commented that he doesn't even like oysters but this was good. The soup I thought was a bit salty but the hand crafted noodles were a nice touch. Finally the wine/cheese soft serve was a bit weird at first (because they taste like red wine and cheese) but by the time I finished it, it was pretty tasty. Gotta come back and try the pork bun.
The buzz surrounding this place is almost as large as the crowd spilling onto the sidewalk at 7 on a Saturday night.  We put our name in for the hour+ wait and went down the street to have a glass of wine.  I knew the wait would be long, so didn't get riled up over the time.   We started with ham, mushroom and pork buns for the table.  I liked them in that order.  The ham isn't your traditional Easter morning salt-lick variety.  it's more like roasted and smoked pork loin.  Each was covered wrapped by the lightest bun you may ever try.  The highlight of the appetizer course were the smoked chicken wings.  Having a vegetarian and a no-red-meat eater at the table we learned that the wings are prepared in a pork fat confit.  Who knew?  But they are delicious and a must try.  Rounding out the appetizer course was the dish of rice cakes.  Think of them more like Asian gnocchi tossed in a spice red sauce.  Again, quite tasty.   For the main course I ordered the Ramen.  I figure if you're going to be there, might as well order the best stuff, right?  It's tasty, but nothing that changed my life.  I'll admit that I had loaded up on the first course, so I wasn't really ready to gorge on a big ole' bowl of soup at that point.  The broth is really smoky and the poached egg gets lost in it.   In a restaurant where iPads and iPhones outnumber the guests;  and LES hipsters can mingle with a visiting French couple out on a date, Momofuku is a quintessential NY spot.  There is a lot of substance and talent that makes it something everyone wants to talk about.
really liked it. the pork rolls are insane, staff was super friendly. the momofuku ramen was awesome. Ask the staff for their recommendations and make sure to get there before it opens or you will wait.
I am currently sitting here waiting for a table.. projected wait time was 40 minutes. I'm not too disappointed considering I couldn't come to New York without eating here. Service is spotty but the food is amazing. If you've seen the first season of Mind of a Chef, you know what goes into making this ramen. The people who complain it's too salty must not appreciate the scientist's madness. It is not as simple as "they went too heavy on the salt." There is no "going light on the salt." If you want to truly watch your sodium intake, you're better off never going out to eat. You can't go wrong with the ramen, the pork bun, the shrimp bun or the giant prawns (when available). Learn to love your neighbor and dig in!!
What makes this place so great?  If it weren't for the throngs of devoted fans, and the ridiculous wait, I'd love this place a lot more.   There is brilliance in simplicity.  The food here is all it should be.  If you come here expecting a chicken wing to taste like a steak... maybe you have inflated expectations.    Momofuko wins in my book because they get it.  I own the cookbook.  Find great ingredients.  Think simple. Make it good.   Pork Buns, Bacon Ramen---the great. Chicken wings.---they're just chicken wings.   It is... really really good.   dessert... really?  Its manhattan... the ice cream was good...but around the corner there is a counter with a bazzillion itallian pastries.
Not all that, and definitely not all that it's cracked up to be. Just ok. We came here the other night after having a few drinks as we had heard so much about it. It was around 11PM and the place was jam packed, but we only had to wait about ten minutes for a table. Lots of hustle and bustle going on here and seating is basically either communal style or up by the cooking area. Decor is ok, but nothing out of the ordinary for an Asian style place. Bright and airy, but definitely on the cramped side. We started off with the chicken wings appetizer. Wings were on the small side, a little fatty, and covered in a sweet soy sauce based juice. Tasty but just not enough there for the $12 cost. As an entree we ordered the Momofuku Ramen, and the Smoked Brisket Ramen. Both were decent, the pork belly and shoulder were a little fatty for my liking, and the brisket had a nice smokey pastrami like flavor. The noodles were good if a bit starchy and the broth was ok. Honestly, there was nothing too special of either bowl for the $16 and $14 cost. I really thought the best part of this meal was dessert - Pretzel Cake Truffles. These were terrific. Rich, flavorful, and just a great meal ender. Still, it's not a good thing when dessert is the best part of a whole dinner in a place like this. Hunt around for a better ramen joint at a lower price point, as there are many of them in the city.
Over the years cracks have begun to show and quality is suffering. During last visit the Ginger Scallion Noodles was over salted and not fresh tasting. However, the Chilled Spicy Noodles was fantastic and is one of the dishes that seems to always be on point. Pork bun didn't have much flavor. Burnt onion mustard on ham bun had a strange after taste. Noodle Bar is becoming a victim of its own success. That said, I'm hoping the place will right itself. I'll return.
Overpriced. Crowded seating. Loud. Bad food. Their desserts are disgusting and the noodles are bland. I ordered spicy miso soup. I am a complete wimp when it comes to spice but this wasn't spicy at all. I needed it to be twice as hot. Overall not worth it. Will try Ippudo next time.
I was tuned into this restaurant after a co-worker booked a fried chicken lunch for the office - her eyes would light up whenever the impending lunch came up in conversation, so I was pretty pumped to try it out. We were seated quickly, and the food took no time at all to come to the table: 2 varieties of fried chicken (that is, two whole chickens) - teriyaki & southern - landed in the center of the table, surrounded by a medley of delicious sauces that included hoisin, soy w/ garlic/jalapeno, scallion-ginger, and something spicy. Additionally, the meal came with pancakes and a vegetable basket with lettuce to wrap the chicken (to be low carb and trendy-like). I came to the table prettty hungry, and was actually worried there wouldn't be enough food for the five of us - I was very seriously mistaken. As a member of the clean plate club, I really pushed myself to clear the table after the others had had their full share... but there was simply too much food. Probably more optimal for a party of 8. As far as drinks - I had the sangria. The "small" size is more like "sample" size... go for the regular if you want more than two sips of that stuff! I didn't handle the final check, so I can't speak to the overall "value" of the meal, but it was a great group foodie experience! Only negative factor - the restaurant was bone-chillingly cold. The waiter explained that, due to the open kitchen, the air-con was necessary to keep the restaurant from boiling over.
Definitely disappointed.  After hearing all the hype, finally checked it out and got the fried chicken dinner that was most noted about the place.  I'm no connoisseur but I didn't find anything special about the dinner, and especially so considering the cost. I won't be returning.
I am a chicken guy . . .  I like pork OK but it's not my meat of choice. My friend who makes it a point to avoid pork took me here some years back  to try the pork buns and pork ramen.  He says it is the ONLY place he will eat pork at. The pork buns are my favorite thing I have EVER put in my mouth. The bun has a doughy texture and the tasty pork is mouth watering then you hit the cool cucumber. Perfection! The Ramen is a large bowl. The prices a bit high and the place can get very busy so come early or expect a pretty long wait. I return here often but I now try to go with a friend an get one order of pork buns and one pork ramen soup to share. It always tastes AMAZING! My girlfriend is vegetarian and the options were slim but now they have expanded them a bit.
The pork buns here were amazing. The pork is charred wonderfully and just melts in your mouth. The price is pretty steep, $9 for two but I thought they were worth it. Also had the Ramen. The noodles were very good, and the broth was flavorful. The pork was the real star of the soup, great char and just melted in your mouth. It's a little scary since it seems really fatty but you won't regret it once you take a bite. My only complaint is the seating. You will be in close quarters, but who knows you may make new friends.
I think not..... Okay so I was looking through popular places on Yelp and thought this might be a good noodle place for a Friday night, we Yelpers over stuff yo. We dropped by at 8pm and was told that there was a 20 min wait like how she tells everyone else. We got seated later than the people who came in which was really unfair. They came in  a pack of 3 and aren't we suppose to be seated before. We got seated towards the window. After we got seated, I already know what to order as everyone in here is talking about the Pork Buns and the Momofuku Ramen. The bf order the Duck Ramen and was told there was more meat in that entree than the regular momofuku ramen. We also order this orange soju which was okay but for 5 bucks I can get better. The Pork Buns came first and I have to say Ippudo is the winner when it comes to Pork Buns. The pork was rough. Don't even talk about the noodle, I think I will never eat Ramen ever again, especially since they charge 16 dollars on stuff I can make at home. Everything was so salty. The noodles were undercook. The Duck Ramen was even worse because it looked exactly the same at mine but the only piece of meat he had was a duck leg, a tiny duck leg and we were told by our waiter that his portion of meat is greater than mine. We ended up paying 60+ for shitty food. Then came a Female waitress who just took our check like she's rushing us out of the restaurant. I am very disappointed, and I won't come back and won't recommend this place.
My review and two stars is for the Momofuku Ramen, their signature dish.  Since I was utterly underwhelm by this dish, I have no desire to go back to this Momofuku establishment or any other.  I order this one dish, which took a good 15 or 20 minutes.  For a ramen noodle bar, that's really a long time.  The servers were not exactly friendly either.  The noodle was really disappointing.  Broth was not piping hot, not hot enough to cook that 'rawish egg' at least.  There was one slice of pork belly, and some shredded pork.  Nothing to write home about.  The flavor of the nori and pickled cabbage was really out of place for this dish.  The worst was the soup stock.  It was just salty and had a horrible over bearing smokey flavor.  Really tasted like 'bacon soup'.  The only redeeming quality is the noodles - it was chewy and nice.  I've asian and maybe that's why I'm so critical about noodle soups.  I grew up eating this stuff, and traveled all over the world.  It's outrageous to be charged $17 for a bowl of noodle that's very mediocre.
The tremendous hype over this place may have overblown my expectations a bit. The Momofuku ramen had an special smoky flavor which was interesting at first but eventually became overpowering over the more delicate flavors of the broth. The pork bun is not bad, although it's smaller and less tender than other places.
I  tried Momo ramen, spicy miso ramen it was ok... I  also tried the pork bun, now that is delicious, its not so much a bun as meat inside a half moon asian starch bread thing (the proper term doesn't come to mind at the moment) ....place was packed! The wait for two was 1 hr 20 mins.  So we ordered to go and got out food in 20 minutes.  Service was great! But I have had better ramen
Thought I'd give this place a try cause it has a lot of hype. I got the standard ramen and it was pretty good. The broth was a nice flavor but wasn't anything to lift the bowl to finish the last drop over. There were nice toppings on it. The pork belly was a nice cut and texture but not super flavorful. I peeked at the person next to me who got the chicken ramen and I might want to go back and try that one cause it looked really tasty. It was a little more expensive than worth it but I will say that I had dessert...oh my god. The cookie was called "the ritz" and was literally a ritz cracker cookie. That was amazing. Either way I think I will go back and try some other menu items but the ramen itself was ok. I'm sort of a ramen snob and I think I just have a few other places I like better.
This place is just all hype.  We heard all the rave about this place so we had to check it out for ourselves while in NY.  Lets just say, pricey, bland and not worth the walk.  We ordered pork buns and its basically the bread you use for Peking duck but with pork inside.  Not very original to me.  The ramen broth was so bland, the noodles were still hard, it felt like they only cooked it for 5 mins.   The only thing they had going for them was the cool interior.  Other than that, I think this place is for people that do not know what ramen and or Asian food should tastes like.  There are plenty of other better Asian-fusion foods out there and this is not one of them.  I don't think there was much "fusion" going on here. I was so excited to come here, but left very disappointed.
Now that I'm back home in SF, when I think of this place I think of this song: youtube.com/watch?v=6wTH… *sigh... single tear falling on my cheek* What can I do to make you love me??  Love me enough to open up a branch in San Francisco???  I'm really regretting not going there twice when I was in NYC... So you may be wondering, what's so special about this place?  How come this random girl from San Francisco is lamenting that she can't go there again?  Well my friend, momofuku noodle bar is a place that perfectly fits the my demographics.  Late twenties (yeah, I'm close to hitting the big three-oh), some disposable income, but we also still want to save money and not splurge too much.  We don't mind hitting the hole in the wall places, but we'd like to be reasonably comfortable when we dine out.  So momofuku fits the bill.   The fares offered are also varied enough that we can always try new things, but they also have constant standby favorites that you can always fall back on.  The service is laid back, makes you feel welcomed but also not in your face.  Atmosphere is relaxed but you still hear hustling and bustling in the kitchen.  If you come alone, you can always perch up at the bar and not feel so lonely. If you go, try the pork bun.  Next time I come around I want to try the shitake bun too.  Might work with my waist line a bit better.  Trying the momofuku ramen is a no-brainer.  But if you like spicy food, the kimchee stew is awesome.  The veal sweetbreads are like refined chicken nuggets.  Ha!  ;)  Even the non-alcohol drinks are a step up from your run of the mill soda pop.  Makes you feel a bit more.. grown up. So I will end with a [not so creative] haiku: Love me will you not Open a branch in SF Momofuku love *sigh...*
Momofuku Noodle Bar is catered to non-asians and hipsters. The food you get here is flavorless and mediocre at best. The ones who find this place remotely impressive must have knocked back a bottle or two. Almost all the tables had alcoholic beverages of some form, which may have given them the impression that the food was delicious. Their famous pork buns is an embarrassment to asian cuisine and is way overpriced. It lacks flavor and was mostly fat! There are better alternatives such as: * Ippudo's for pork buns * Totto for ramen
Make sure you arrive early to guarantee a seat. Staff was very friendly and my water glass was never empty. Great food as well!
Came here on a Saturday for lunch and had to wait maybe 10-15 minutes before we could sit.  Not bad, considering there looked like a good amount of people ahead of us and the place was pretty packed. Got the pork buns and the Momofuku ramen.  The pork buns were soooo good.  It was also cool sitting at the bar type area because you could watch the chefs cutting things up and cooking everything.  The ramen wasn't bad either but I expected it to be better.  It wasn't as rich in flavor as I expected, but the pork burns were definitely worth the trip.
Best noodle bar to date. Ambiance is simple and efficient. The pork buns are the best I have ever had. They need to just make a Momofuku Pork Bun Bar. The noodle concoctions are great. I am still waiting to eat the fried chicken.
Heard great things about this place. In fact the head chef was in Australia's master chef as guest chef which gave us enough reason to check this place out. The line to get a table was long but we though what the heck, we came all the way here, another 20 minutes won't be too bad. The waitress was great (and the only reason why we are giving this review 2 stars). Food was way too salty and slow to come out. Their 'famous' pork buns was just a rip off of Taiwanese  but a lot less tasty. We also ordered their momofuku ramen and we didn't event finish it. The bill was $70 for 2 ppl, I wouldn't even pay $20 for this kind of food.
We stumbled into Momofuku last night in the midst of blowing snow. The wait was short, the service was mostly fine. And the food? Fine, just fine. The braised chicken wings? Something I could make at home but a generous portion that fell off of the bone. The pork buns? Too fatty for me, perfect for the husband, but not quite worth the $9 ($6 would be fair). The Momofuku ramen was some of the better I've had in the city but again, nothing transcended and at $16 it's perfect for two but overpriced anyway ($10 would be fair). It was just ... disappointing. Competently rendered food? Yes. One-noted pork overload? Yeah. Good sake? Mmm yeah. The maple soft-serve was good but an insultingly small portion, even at $4 ,and the quince soft-serve was just weird. $60-odd dollars later hubby and I left feeling a little salt-bloated but still a bit hungry. For a neighborhood joint, Momofuku is fine. But there's no reason that this place has a 45 minute wait. Spare yourself the jammed tables, the blaring music (WTF?) and the experience of having your waiter's netherparts sitting firmly on your back as he tries to serve other customers and head on to someplace like Sobaya.
Was hesitant to try Momofuku due to mixed reviews. I had loved their pork buns for a while and love David Chang on Mind of a Chef but here and friends said the ramen wasn't good. Overall I enjoyed my visit. We had the pork buns to satisfy a craving and it was as good as ever. Worth 10 dollars for 2? Probably not but at this point you are paying for the brand too. We arrived about 5 minutes after opening for lunch and had no wait, but the restaurant was getting filled up. The decor is clean and casual. The service was good for me. The ramen was just ok, but definitely not bad (we had Totto Ramen the night before and it was better). The poached egg was impressive though. I enjoyed the shredded pork in the Momofuko bowl almost more than the pork belly. We ended the meal with The Ritz cookie and it was buttery and good. Now I can check it off my list.
Came here with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday. I've always heard raves about how great the chicken was here, so I was excited to try it. One member of our party had to make a reservation a couple of weeks in advance and we could only get a slot for 11:50 PM. That seemed a little absurd to me. We finally went into the restaurant, and half the tables were empty. We could have just walked in and been seated straight away. Since our reservation was so late at night, we were rushed into making orders quickly off the dinner menu since at 12AM on Fridays and Saturdays, the late night dinner menu goes into effect. The late night menu only offers a small variety of food, so make sure to keep an eye on the time when you order. You have to reserve a chicken dinner when you make a reservation, so that was already ordered for us. I split a bowl of the momofuku ramen with a friend. I have to say that I was not impressed. The broth was a little too thin for my taste, although the noodles were just the right amount of chewy and al dente. Overall, I can say I've definitely had better ramen elsewhere. Next came the chicken dinner. This dinner is $100 for the entire party and the menu says it feeds around 4 to 8 people. It comes with these pancake type of bread that resembles Indian roti, a variety of vegetables in a wooden bowl, and 4 different types of sauces. The chicken itself was half korean style and half southern style. The vegetables were fresh, I'll give them that. However, the sauces were nothing special and the chicken was not the best I've had. Definitely did not feel like the 20-30 pieces we received was worth the $100 price tag. The korean chicken tasted like they just glazed them with a combination of gochujang (korean spicy pepper paste) and soy sauce, maybe some sesame oil. The southern style chicken was moist but did not have a ton of flavor. I've had better chicken at Boka (which is just a couple of blocks away). Overall, I don't regret that I went to this restaurant. It's good to experience something that everyone else always raves about for yourself. However, I don't foresee myself returning anytime in the near future. I'll be getting my ramen from Ippudo or from Santouka Ramen in Mitsuwa marketplace and I'll be getting my korean chicken from Bonchon. I was not impressed at all by this place. PS. They only accept a maximum of 4 credit cards per table, so if you go with a big party, make sure people have cash!
Ok, it wasn't disgusting...but the combination of expectation and what I got is why I'm giving it 1 star. I thought this place was supposed to be an Ippudo rival so me and my friends thought it would be cool to try it out. I got the second ramen on the menu while my friends got the momofuku ramen and I have to say...i was NOT pleasantly surprised when I found hand pulled noodles instead of ramen noodles. Don't get me wrong...I love hand-pulled noodles, but these were so tough and did not taste fresh at ALL. The flavor of the broth did not compliment the noodle style at ALL either. For what I was paying for...this was a terrible noodle dish. Perhaps it's because I ended up downing the $15 large Asahi and my emotions were a bit accentuated, but no meal had ever disappointed me so much in New York City. Also, I don't know why it's called a noodle bar when there is only a selection of 2 different kinds of ramen...one not even being served with ramen noodles. Ugh...back to Ippudo for me.
Now, to be fair I've only had the pork ramen here. The decor is cool, contemporary and eclectic, and it's kind of like an upbeat cafeteria style seating, with an open bar area you can sit and chit chat with friends or strangers what have you, so that was cool. But to be honest with you the noodle soup was to me just super salty and way overpriced. Maybe this is because I grew up on inexpensive Korean packaged ramen (SHIN RAMEN IS THE BEST BTW! HAH!) I just don't get this $15-$20buck ramen craze... but I was not impressed by the soups here...
Not that this place needs any more damn reviews, but for my peeps out there, I've gotta reprezent. Dang, this place is good. I went for a super late lunch (and by lunch I mean nearly 3 p.m.) and had the steamed buns ($10), but they had a special goin' on that used brisket for the meat. It was rubbed with something akin to crack, with horseradish mayo and about half an inch thick of fat that spooged onto my top. I have the splatter stains on my nice blouse to prove it. Oh well. A tiny sacrifice to the food gods. I followed it up with the Momofuku ramen noodle soup and wasn't disappointed there either. I mean, you can do no wrong in my eyes if there is broth, noodles and pork in the mix. Pork shoulder AND pork belly. C'mon! I got the soft serve of the day, the wine flavor (Chardonnay, $4) with the crumble on the bottom: dried apricots and Ritz crackers. Yes way, Ritz crackers. Ridiculous, right? I felt like a fattened pig--very apropos for the occasion.
Oh, the disappointment!   After many years of hearing about this place and having tried David Chang's other spots (Milk Bar, Ssam Bar, Ma Peche), I couldn't believe how mediocre their ramen was.  Their signature ramen had all the ingredients to make it comfort heaven-- pork belly, scallions, egg, ham, etc, but the dish came out substandard and paled in comparison to Ippudo.  And that's not the worst, to my astonishment, their appetizer, the goat kale salad was horrific in flavor and texture.  The goat meat was very tough. The sauce was questionably sour to the point that it tasted as if it had gone bad.  I actually took a couple of more bites to be sure that I was in tuned with my senses... Only reason why I gave it 3 stars is because the buns rock.  In the war of pork buns and all buns in general, Momofuku takes the reign at 4.5 stars. Brisket bun was very tasty and juicy but the shrimp bun was my favorite. Baked/fried like a patty with fresh, spicy ingredients, there's simply nothing like it out there.
I can eat the pork buns and the brisket buns all day. It's a little expensive, but definitely worth every penny. Next time I'll try the Momofuku Ramen.
We avoided this place because of the wait -- its always busy -- til we realized we could use the wait time to do a cheap beer tasting at Good Beer (my fave Beer shop) just around the corner.  Momofuku texts when a table is ready. Not much more to say:  Food is unique & outstanding, great wine & beer offerings, and the prices are reasonable too.
how badly i wanted to love you, momo. but no. it was not meant to be. your pork buns were good but generic. your ramen was way too salty and only a notch above setagaya's. your beef brisket was overdone, and your soft serve? really? 4$ for something that tastes like it came from McD's down the street? i regret my affair with you and will be returning to my true love, ippudo.
We went to this restaurant, first time for me.  It was really great! The food was great.  Sat at the counter and watch the chef prepare the meals. It was like watching an artist.  So detailed in making and preparing the meals.  Very clean and great service.  Shrimp buns were awesome! Ordered extra to take home.
loved the ginger scallion noodles and shitake buns!! the only disappointment is they don't have any green tea!
So disappointed by this place. In one word: overrated. -KIMCHI: extremely pasty, which is never good when it comes to kimchi. -SHIITAKE BUNS: They were SO sweet that I couldn't finish it-- and this is coming from someone who can have pints of straight dulce de leche. - MOMOFUKU RAMEN: no personality, it wasn't bad but it wasn't special. It is not hide-chan amazingness. Nothing memorable. - SPICY MISO RAMEN: We ordered this hoping to try something that justified the long wait and the high rating. I could swear they spiced it up using chipotle. At least that is how it tasted like, which is, by far, insulting. We gave up on this place. People: there are so many better places to have ramen in the city. Don't be fooled by this trendy name.
We came in for their group fried chicken. Mike C.'s review is spot on. It was SOOOO good. I could eat that buttermilk chicken everyday. Service was terrific too. The sides were delicious and I loved all the sauces. It was such a good deal for the price. I think with drinks and sides we each paid $35 or something insane. Get 8 people and go try it!
We've read about this place for some time in yelp, so one day we decided to give it a try. The place was packed, and we have to wait for 30-45 minutes.  We tried the Momofuku ramen and the miso ramen. The miso ramen was okay but the momofuku ramen lacked flavor and bland. We then asked chilli powder was only given a spoonfull!..tsk tsk.. For $16 and $14 a bowl,we expected a better taste and portion. Verdict: Not going to go there again, way overrated!
In his most recent book "Medium Raw", Bourdain  boldly states that no one goes to Noodle Bar for the noodles. Well if this is true than  what a bunch of suckers! I've now been to David Chang's most casual full service restaurant three times: twice for standard dinner, and once for the hard-to-reserve fried chicken dinner. The food at this place is terrific. The pork buns are the best I've had anywhere: juicy, fatty (in the good way), served with hoisin, pickled cucumbers and hot sauce on the side. The noodles are fresh and firm. The ramen is excellent, or for something a little different, try the ginger scallion noodles, which come swimming in delicious ginger scallion oil, and served with pickled cucumbers and mushrooms, as well as bamboo. There are also a lot of options if you're looking for something more formal,  such as cured arctic char with ponzu and lychee, or roasted grouper with yellow curry. The fried chicken dinner is fun, but perhaps a bit over-hyped. You have to reserve this dinner well in advance. Like, first-thing-in-the-morning-one-month-to-the-day-­of-when-you-want-to-go advance. You get a lot of food for the $100 it costs; plenty of food to feed 6-8 people. My party of seven did not finish the whole thing (we did get some other appetizers). It comes with 2 whole fried chickens, assorted sauces and some pretty odd vegetables, and some pancakes that you can stuff if you so desire.  It was all pretty tasty, but not such a world above some of the great 24 hour joints in Harlem such as Caporal Fried Chicken that serve up the crispy bird for a fraction of the cost. My greatest complaint would be the service. The wait staff is fine, if a bit too cool for school at times, but the hosts have consistently been terrible. There is always a huge crowd of people standing in the doorway with no sense of order or reason, and you'll frequently wait 5 to 10 minutes to be seated, even when there are open seats scattered throughout the restaurant while the host kind of putzes around looking pretty un-concerned about the crowd of people that's starting to overflow into the street. Still, it's well worth pushing through the crowds for them pork buns.
One word: Disappointed. Visiting New York from San Francisco and was told to try Ippudo and Momofuku. Sorry but Ippudo wins and you can check out why here: yelp.com/biz/ippudo-ny-n… Maybe I've been spoiled with GOOD ramen at home....but the Momofuku Ramen had no flavor. It was just salty. The pork was dry. The wait was long. The price was high. The pork buns were salty too. The only thing I thought was pretty cool was the soju slushies. They were pretty tasty but way overpriced. We paid in cash and needed to break a bill to get some change. The girl that helped us gave us a bit of attitude. All in all, we had a way better experience at Ippudo - food, service, and price.
when they first open, everything was more personalize, there seem to be more personality in the food, but now I guess maybe because it is a huge tourist spot, it lost it's touch.  The noodle was a bit on the salty side, and the pork belly bun was a bit pricy for what it is. And the waiting is definitely not helping...
I can't deny that, despite the price, this place has great food. It is a shame that a dinner for three that consists of noodles has to come to $120 with tip. Their Momofuku Ramen is my favorite, but I can never finish an entire bowl after I've had the pork buns appetizer. Their imported Orion beer is worth a taste. Their seating arrangement is very crowded. If you're seated at a table, expect to have many asses rubbed against you during the course of your stay. If you want to eat during normal New Yorker dining hours, expect a wait of around 20-40 minutes. I have to extend an apology to the manager. The very first time I came here, I was asked if I could move my seat to make way for a very large party. I could have just accepted the offer, but the environment was so loud that I didn't fully understand what the manager was saying to me. I thought he was offering to seat me at that restaurant across the street, so I declined. The large party never got a seat. Don't ask me WHY I thought he was offering such a strange thing.
Are you guys kidding? The broth is addictive. The Berkshire pork is divine. Egg toppings...seaweed and all. Their pork buns are certified artery-clogging. The service is  not the best, but who cares when they can make ramen taste this good!! I also had the sweetbreads appetizer to balance the cardiac-special ramen. Thank you for bringing ramen to a whole, new level.
been to momofuku noodle bar a few times now... the momofuku ramen is a really comforting, beautiful dish. it's my ideal dish because i love soup, i love perfectly-cooked noodles, i love runny eggs, and of course, i love bacon. it's a great place but I don't pick up much warmth from the staff, and my rule is: if you're serving fancy food at fancy prices (not that ramen is at all highbrow - but some of the other stuff is), encourage the staff to be a little more enthusiastic about service.
Pork buns are amazing so is the ramen soup a bit on the pricy side for what you get.
I have been dining in St Marks for over10 years now.  Tried Momofuku about a week ago.  Overall, like the atmospher but not the long lines.  The sitting area is very small.  The food was ok.  Best part was probably the pork belly sandwich, which was super fatty.  The combination of the soft buns and juicy pork meat created a succulent combo, which melt in your mouth.  The noodle was definitely a disappointment.  If you are use to authentic japanese ramen then curb your expectations.  I understand this is not suppose to be authentic japanese ramen, but it certainly lack flavor and was definitely too salty.  I expect above avg noodle ramen regardless of what fusion or style it is.  This bowl of noodle definitely left a lot to be desired.  I would much rather spend half the money and dine in any of the sake bar in St marks.  Overall a nice place to try if you don't need to stand in line for more then 15 min.
It's good. It's good fine. There is a lot to choose from in the city though, so if there is a line then I'd pass. I would NOT go so far as to say it is overrated. It isn't over-rated. I just wouldn't wait around more than a few minutes.
I have mixed opinions on this one and I wasn`t sure whether to give it 3 or 4 stars. The staff were attentive and friendly, the atmosphere was a great place for a chilled out post-yoga dinner, and the appetizers were INCREDIBLE (seriously)...but the star of the show missed the mark. I had the classic pork ramen and I wasn`t blown away, honestly. Definitely not as good as my favourite ramen place back in London....sorry New York!
We ordered a pork bun and Momofuku ramen. The pork belly in the pork bun was a little bland and super fatty.  The broth in the ramen was a bit salty for my taste.  Would I go back?  Prob not. There's plenty of better ramen spots in the city.
I came here with a friend after work on a weekday evening. We got there right at 5:30 so we were at the front of the line (however, I would get here early as there were plenty of people behind us). The atmosphere was great for a casual dinner- we sat at the bar. The service was excellent- food and bill all came out in a very timely fashion. The meal itself was great. The pork belly buns to start were by far the stand out part of the meal. The bun was incredibly moist and soaked up all of the delicious flavors in the pork belly. The pork belly literally melted in your mouth - I was in pig heaven. I ordered the prawn ramen as the main course. I was impressed with the shrimp and the egg was excellent. My only small complaint was the broth seemed a bit salty for my taste. Overlal this was a a great experience- excellent choice for an early dinner with friends!
Pan-Asian bamboo style, communal long wooden tables and two bars, all with backless stools throughout for seating.  But the Zen ambience stops there, because the place was jam packed and loud, which, in conjunction with the imagined backless discomfort of the stools,  initially turned me off. I soon got over it. We got the 300 ml of Nigori, cold unfiltered saki...the bottle would have been a better deal since we ended up ordering a second....but forget the saki....it's about the pork buns with hoisin, scallions and cucumber....I could have eaten these all night...and the next day too, definitely my fave. Then there was the spicy lamb bun with yogurt, cucumber and mint....and then the ginger scallion noodles - pickled shiitakes, cucumber, cabbage..you must try their hot sauce on the noodles. Yummy! I'll be back.
We only had the pork buns here, and I think after having them so many times at other places (that perhaps imitated/emulated Momofuku's), it was only ok. I like the noodle bar idea, the place looks great, as does the price, but I think we just need to try the regular Momofuku restaurant for the *full experience.* Still, I'm a fan of this place.
This place is amazingly delicious. The quality of the pork they serve is outstanding. Everything is a bit pricey, but that's the way the cookie crumbles. If the prices were any lower, the line would be infinite (it's already an hour to two hour wait depending on time and day). I highly recommend the pork buns. The grilled beef tongue is surprisingly delicious. It's a tender slab of tongue with a subtle but pleasing flavor, surrounded by paper thin slices of tongue with a taste not too far from that of a high quality bologna. For your main dish, any of the ramens are (of course) delicious. This place is spot on. David Chang is a genius. Expect to wait. Expect to be sitting shoulder to shoulder with a complete stranger. It's worth it.
Whaaa?  Serious?  Typical NY hipster BS.  The "right" person said it was cool to wear underwear oustide your pants and now everybody's doing it.  That's the only way I can explain this 30 minute wait on a Sunday night. I just wasn't impressed, the flavor profiles aren't that great on the bowls, the pork belly sandwiches were way too fatty and lacked flavor (yeah, possible!), and the beer selection is weak. I'm not an expert on ramen or noodle bars but I gotta believe there's some better place out there. Stop being followers people.
Pork buns pork buns pork buns!  Double thumbs up!!  I don't need to say more :)
AMAZING. Okay, the wait can be a bit annoying since it's a pretty small and usualyl crowded place, but it's so worth it. The pork bunsare simply to die for. The pork ramen, breathtaking. Actually, everything is delcious. I've been here about 5 times. Never disappointed. The quality is always the same, fabulous. Go here.
this is not good ramen and everyone who kisses his ass for noodle bar makes me sick...i feel like i'm taking crazy pills whenever i hear someone raving about this restaurant. the broth is horrible, the noodles are akin to instant ramen. and it's so overpriced. i give him credit for being instrumental in starting the noodle trend but he has sold out so much and has unfairly raised prices for really subpar food. i'll stick to minca, menkui tei, and ippudo for the real stuff. last time i went the pork buns weren't even good. what the hell happened, chang?
We stopped by Momofuku on our first night in NYC. We made the small trek from Chelsea to the East Village in high hopes there would be an open spot. Being that Momofuku is beyond popular, the wait ended up being an hour and the place was BEYOND packed. Starving, but willing to wait, we ended up taking a short walk to Proleteriat for a beer. An hour later our cell buzzed and we were promptly seated. Luckily we got a fun spot at the bar and it was fun watching the cooks in their element. We ordered the Pork Belly tacos to start which were fatty and rich, the chicken wings which I could have ate 10 more of, and the standard Ramen bowl. After traveling all day, I couldn't have asked for a better meal. After watching David Chang on a "Mind of a Chef", I was immediately sold to his noodle bar, and am beyond estatic I finally dined here. Unfortunately I didn't have enough room in my belly to try out the Milk bar, but hopefully next time I'm in NYC. So happy this place wasn't over-hyped... the quality and food was A+.
Alright, so this place is definitely hyped to the skies. Tons of people and 30 min for a table. Not that unusual in New York. The food is not bad - just not worth the wait in my opinion. The pork buns are what this place is famous for, and they are great, but again, not exactly a gastronomic experience :)
If the majority of the people eating at a ramen bar are white, let that be a warning to you. No self-respecting Japanese will ever eat the ramen at this place. While the pork bun was good, it was also incredibly fatty--too fatty. The meat-fat ratio meant that you were getting mostly fat with a hint of meat flavor. The smoked chicken wings were flavorless and dry. The shrimp bun tasted like a fish sandwich from McDonald's. The ramen was a travesty: noodles so poorly cooked that they stuck together, broth that was unbelievably salty, and dry, chewy pork. There is absolutely no reason why ramen should be that bad. The worst ramen I had in Japan was never that bad; I'd rather eat instant ramen out of a packet than eat David Chang's. The pumpkin ale soft serve was mediocre, the pretzel twist underneath it disgusting. They made it with rye and caraway, and the combination was unpleasant. If you like waiting over an hour for pretentious, overpriced, barely-edible food, feel free to come here.
I know you come here for the name but I heard it used to be much better? I had the miso bowl and it was average(weird because I was starving) and usually food taste 2x when your hungry. Next time I will def give pork buns and other appetizers a go. **Gets crowded fast even on weeknights. ***Very loud inside and service was above average.
My Momofuku experience was extremely unpleasant and unsatisfying. Came here with the family after my brother-in-law's graduation.  Group of 8 very hungry people...(we sat through a long commencement ceremony) Of course there is a wait.  About 40 mins.  Yes STARVING! Finally we get seated and order our food.  Waiter is nice friendly.  Food came out very slow.  First the appetizers and again Finally the noodles came.  All in all...i have definitely had better.   Was not worth the wait but the decor is nice and service is good.  Never again...
The buns!!! I had both the pork and the sausage buns. They were both so delicious but the sausage bun was the standout! It may have been a special but if it's on the menu order it! I also had the classic momofuku soup it was very good but I recommend splitting it. I also had a soju slushy omg so good!!!! Go enjoy and you won't be disappointed!
If you're new to the city, the pork will change your life. I always have the same thing - it's becoming a terrible habit - it's become a comfort food and less of a glamourous experience I suppose. Still delicious. Deeeeelish.
This 5 star review is entirely based on the only meal I've eaten here which was the Fried Chicken Dinner. A friend handled the organization, all I did was show up, eat, pay and smile. If you have four or five friends that can pony up $30 for a fried chicken dinner, do it. Don't hesitate, just do it. We started off with pork buns which were insanely amazing. Then came the meal I cant stop thinking about. Two types of chicken, 4 different sauces, assorted veggies and wraps. Our table went from being another talkative, loud group to the quietest group in the place instantly with the occassional "mmmmmm." I cant wait for my friend to go through the presumable hassle of organizing this again, just so I can jump in for the chicken.
Get the pork buns!!  The Roasted pork is worth it if you get the reservations and are willing to wait!  :)  Space is tight, though.
I am not a big fan of pork but the pork bun here is excellent. I've never dined here. Only had take outs. Only tried their pork buns. Delicious.
There's almost no point in reviewing a restaurant that's been reviewed 1286 times, but man, I just HAD to log in to say: Momofuku = OMFG. So delicious, so chill, yes, packed with people waiting but in an okay way. We went in a party of 7 and got seated before it felt like too long (was about an hour; we drank wine and sake while waiting). And the food was ri-dic-u-lous. Everything was fatty and flavorful or crisp and clean and flavorful or totally novel and flavorful. Every mouthful was a delicious surprise of yum. And we ordered every single thing on the menu because our party was so big: don't miss the buns (all of them, though the pork-belly buns are super fatty so be sure you're up for that); don't miss the garlic-scallion noodles; don't miss the beurre blanc potatoes. Whatever they have for sashimi that day you must order, because it will come in the most magical whisper of light-flavored sauces (snapper in mint-apple-hazelnut; raw scallop in tomato broth with basil). It's just all divine. Plus a cool, sparkling reisling, or a nice chenin blanc, or great bottle of Momofuku sake. Go for it!
Had high expectations before coming to Momofuku and left feeling that it was pretty average. The pork belly bun was definitely pretty terrific and the kimchi was good, but I felt the ramen was average. (It may be because the last time I had ramen was in Japan.)  The broth was well done, the noodles were cooked just right, the poached egg was great. But beyond that, the portion sizes were pretty small and the price was astronomical given the portion + quality ($16 for the house ramen for dinner). Also the seating was pretty cramped. I'm pretty ambivalent on whether I'd recommend it to a friend.
I don't understand why this noodle place is so popular. I tried the Momo Ramen. The noodles here were not exceptional at all (maybe just a tad bit better than instant ramen). It didn't taste that great and the broth wasn't warm enough. It even made my friend feel sick afterward. The 2 stars is just for the food itself, though. The service is great. The waitress up front was nice enough to remember my name because my entire group wasn't there yet when I arrived, so she prioritized my group later on even though it got really busy.
"The best thing I ever ate." An unconditional superlative deservingly bestowed upon Momofuku Noodle Bar, or at least their chilled spicy noodles (Don't worry, I'll get back to that...). I've fallen ever-so-slightly more in love with Momofuku Noodle Bar in my three visits. The first time was like "Oh, so even though it's so crowded, and there's (always) a wait, it's not as overhyped as I suspected." The second time was like "Wow, this *really* is good!" and the third time was like "Well, the hostess is a b----, but DAMN sweet lord Jebus I want to move in upstairs." So yeah, it's like that (and if you read my reviews, you know I tell the truth, so this is not an exaggeration). I think the reviews and photos already posted here do Momofuku enough justice, but it's still worth elaborating a bit more. Yes, it's popular, and yes, you will have to wait (95% chance), but it's really worth it. A taste of well-considered, thoughtfully assembled semi-"haute cuisine" at this price point and in such relaxed environs merits repeat visits. The restaurant itself is bright and surprisingly not too cramped or loud given the small space and how popular it is. I've always found the service to be impressively efficient and having sat at the back bar for two of my visits (which affords a view right into the kitchen/food prep area), it's fun to watch the robotic efficiency of the staff as they toil away assembling and preparing order after order, after order... But, as I said, the food is the shining attraction here, as it should be. The famous pork buns are great, and the oyster buns (with delicately fried oysters and a hint of spice) are something different to try. I've also enjoyed the roasted Brussels sprouts and sautéed baby bok choy as sides. As for the noodles, well, I've already made clear where I stand, but do, by all means, go for the chilled spicy noodles if they are on the menu. A big bowl of chilled spicy noodles mixed up with candied cashews, spicy Sichuan sausage and fresh spinach thrown on top is an otherworldly combination of spicy, sweet, savory... Mmm, umami. Literally a lip-smacking spicy experience, but worth it, worth it, worth it. They also have an impressive and eclectic beer and wine selection (we love the 1-liter can of Asahi Super Dry) and there is always their famous soft serve on offer to complete the night (a recent "twist" of pudding-like dark chocolate and passion fruit was awesome). As I mentioned, the prices are worth going for time and again (most appetizers are between $8-10 and most mains/noodle bowls are $14-18) and this is a definite for out-of-town guests who want a "cool" New York dining experience and some seriously awesome fare. I don't usually love any restaurant, especially not one so popular, but this may be the exception to my (self-imposed) rule...
i don't get the hype. ate here last night. i was crammed into my seat, they don't have a coat check (middle of february), and it just wasn't that special. personally, i prefer ippudo. not bad, just not worth the hype.
My friend and I had made plans to try this place out for a while, and we were pretty excited. Unfortunately, most of the food we tried didn't live up to the hype. Oh, but the pork buns. Those were like...sex-in-your-mouth good. (My apologies to those who find that inappropriate.) But yes. They were that good. The pork was super tender and fatty, and everything else (the cucumber, the hoisin sauce, and the soft bun) definitely complemented that lovely pork very well. My friend and I ate in blissful silence. On the other hand, the Momofuku ramen and ginger scallion noodles were pretty meh. The ramen did have a perfectly poached egg and some of that lovely fatty pork, but the broth kinda ruined it for me. It just didn't have enough flavor. And the ginger scallion noodles were pretty bland. The only thing that saved it were the pickled shiitake mushrooms, which were juicy and vinegary and delicious. The cucumber also added some nice crunch. If only those noodles weren't so bland! Next time, I'm pretty sure we'll just go for the pork buns. That is...unless anyone can recommend something else there that is worth trying?
So...disappointed. I lurrrrr ramen! But this ramen was soooo salty. I could barely eat half of it. I had to keep chugging water. Because I didn't eat much at dinner, I nearly died the next morning from my massive hang over. I always eat a boat load before a night on the town... fail. I did enjoy the pork buns. Love that hoisin sauce on it. Should have ordered more... but we were already in a rush since we waited to be seat about an hour; but that's typical New York. If I'm ever back, more pork buns to the max.. and maybe a family style dish. People around me seemed to be enjoying that. But it's suited for 4 people.
My first time here, I had the Momofuku Ramen. Too bad I gobbled down the best part of it first (the poached egg).  The rest of it didn't really live up to the hype. I felt it was too salty for my taste buds and the ramen texture was identical to Chinese egg noodles. However the pumpkin horchata (which isn't on the menu anymore) was delicious! My second time here, I came for the fried chicken dinner.  I can't believe our group of 8 was hardly able to finish one plate of fried chicken.  The pieces are huge!  They give you unlimited wraps and vegetables, along with 4 sauces.  We used knives at first, then eventually dug in with our hands and left the table with heaping piles of dirty napkins. It was awesome! One heck of a feast. :D
Surprise, just had another terrible meal at the Noodle Bar. I have never been a fan of this place, but I went tonight because a friend visiting from out of town was curious about the place. I ordered the szechuan spicy noodles with cashews and sausage. the sausage was dry and bland and the dish had spinach leaves that felt misplaced and did not go with the rest of the dish. overall, pretty awful -- but not as awful as the service. had a female asian waitress at the bar who was completely rude and complained within earshot that we were taking too long to pay the bill. this after her rude service all night, which was fraught with attitude. it was a pretty terrible ending to a terrible meal.
Decent to good food no liquor menu nice service, it's a noodle bar what do you expect.
The ramen here is awesome.  The ramen prices are reasonable, but the price to dish size ratio of the other menu items do not seem as proportionate, just based on what i see on other patrons plates.  That is my only slight dissatisfaction.  As far as having to wait for a seat, totally worth it - and I don't wait for much in the food department...
went in with 2 other people and ordered what we thought were their signature dishes:  pork buns, mushroom buns, smoked chicken wings and momofuku ramen.  okay, so maybe the wings weren't signature but it wasn't really memorable either.  the buns, on the other hand, were delicious.  probably the best in the city.  the ramen, unfortunately, was incredibly salty.  our server, although polite, was definitely rushing us out of there.  sorry we couldn't eat fast enough!
I've been to Momofuku Noodle bar maybe 10 times and it's fantastic... Their best thing is the pork buns... their ramen is based off of what David Chang really loves... it's not for everyone and I'm not a big fan of the broth, but I can appreciate what it takes to make it (watch: Mind of a Chef). The ramen is filling. The best thing EVER is their fried chicken (which you can only get through a reservation). It's the only way to get a reservation here. It's served for 4 - 6 people (at $200) for 2 chickens which is served with butter milk fried chicken (which I can say it's the best fried chicken I've ever had) and korean fried chicken (which is mediocre). I still dream about the butter milk fried chicken... it's as good as Popeyes or Roscoe's...
After a disappointing experience at Ma Peche, even I was surprised at my willingness to return for another large format dinner, this time at Momofuku Noodle Bar. We had managed to snag a reservation for eight on Halloween evening (as the Fried Chicken Dinner needs to be pre-reserved), and on the night of, were all promptly seated on time. We started off with a few orders a la carte, and most of us opted to go with the Momofuku Pork Belly Buns and shared an order of the Ginger Scallion Noodles. I was actually pleasantly surprised by the noodles, which are served chilled; the noodles are springy and have a good, al dente chew to them and are lightly coated in usukuchi, a light soy sauce, and has a little acidity from the sherry vinegar. The bowl is topped with pickled shiitake mushrooms, cucumber and cabbage slices, diced scallions, and finished off with the trademark sheet of nori. Mixed together, the result is a solid bowl of ramen with varying flavors and textures that displays some unexpected, although wisely chosen, restraint. As for the Fried Chicken Dinner: this option is recommended for groups between 4-8 and includes a large platter of two types of fried chicken: Traditional ("southern style") and Korean ("KFC"). One particular thing I noticed was that while most of the traditional pieces utilized the larger parts of chicken, such as as the thigh and breast, the Korean style pieces were predominantly the drumsticks and wings. Thus, even at first glance, the platter looked heavily skewed towards one type of chicken versus the other. Another note that I have to make is that the accompaniments for the meal, which included a variety of vegetables (lettuce, carrots, radishes, etc.), "mu shu" pancakes, four sauces, and an herb basket actually seemed to detract from the meal. The time and effort it took to separate the white meat from the bone, place it in a pancake, and layer in the necessary vegetables and sauces was perplexing and frustrating. Regarding the actual food, the chicken was pretty solid. I actually preferred the Traditional style over the Korean style, as the buttermilk and old bay batter was well-seasoned, and the actual cuts utilized were juicier cuts of white meat. The KFC was disappointing, as there was no heat in the sauce, and the drumsticks and wings, already the smaller cuts to begin with, seemed to have been in the fryer a little too long. While it didn't look like enough food for 8 people at first, we were all fairly satisfied with the quantity we'd been given, but larger groups should definitely opt for a couple of additional appetizers and sides. As I've now been to two Momofuku establishments, my opinion still stands: the food is nothing spectacular. There are some hits that are worth a visit for (although anything with pork belly is sure to be a crowd-pleaser), but in the grand scheme of NYC's dining scene, the food falls short in multiple respects.
OK, everything you've heard about the pork buns are true. That alone gives this place two stars. They're freaking amazing. That being said... As a ramen afficionado, I wasn't happy with my ramen. As a white guy who has had ramen in Japan, where it is awesomest, I can say honestly the ramen here isn't awesome. In fact, it's kind of lame. White-guy-foodie-into-the-scene-not-the-ramen kind of ramen. And ridiculously overpriced. What's wrong with it you ask? Three main things I had a problem with. First of all was the noodles. Totally limp and soggy. Seriously. Not the way ramen is supposed to be. I've had my foodie friends rave about it, and they dig it, but they don't know what they're talking about. Not an enjoyable slurping experience. Second of all, my sliced pork was really dry and pretty much sucked. I'm pretty sure I got an end piece, but it was really dry and i was not happy with it. I'm sure it must have been an anomaly though, as my friend liked his. I do remember that the shredded pork was quite tasty. Thirdly was the poached egg in the broth. I'm just not a fan of yolk running around everywhere in my broth. Personal thing of mine. OK, so that's what I think about the ramen. Call me semi-racist, but it was also weird seeing a white dude behind the counter in front of me, making my ramen. Not bad or anything, just weird. Also, 9 bucks for a beer? Now I'm a beer guy, and I appreciate good beer, but 9 bucks for a 12 ounce bottle is a rip off, especially if I'm at a place where I'm sitting at a counter. The beer was chosen nicely, but it's not that complex, and it's not such a serious place to not have reasonable beer prices. Bottom line. Go for the pork buns, seriously, but then bolt and head somewhere else for ramen.
The vibe: One of my favorite spots in my 'hood, although i prefer to go for lunch on weekends and avoid the crazy wait.  definitely not comfortable for folks with back problems!  loud, casual, fun, good music, great pic of 'the band.'  communal, fun, full of food-lovers.  efficient service.  can't wait to try ssam.   The food: Seared foie gras w/rhubarb mostarda, dandelion greens, strawberries: nice contrast between the creamy richness of the fois, the sweetness of the strawberries, the tanginess of the rhubarb, and the bitterness of the dandelion greens.  greens were a bit tough and too bitter to eat without the rest of the dish.  Strawberries were wild, which was nice, and looked dried, which wasn't all that pretty.  Dish didn't work texturally as well as seared fois with brioche, but it was a bit lighter and much more innovative.   Roasted corn w/fingerling potatoes, bacon, miso butter: delicious, rich, comfort food.  Corn cut off the cob, just like childhood, and served in a bowl with creamy, slightly tangy miso butter, salty bacon, just a few small pieces of potato.  Good to share. Pork steamed buns: the standard for steamed buns, although pork was particularly fatty yesterday and didn't have the crispy edge that I look forward too.  Still delicious with an extremely fluffy, light white bun (more of a mini-taco) and thin, vinegared, perfect cucumbers.  Adding Sriracha completes the experience.  Extremely rich as well--good to share. Fried Oyster Po' Boy: tasty, but not the best I've had.  Oysters were smoky and flavorful with a tempura-like batter, but batter could have been crispier and more golden.  Served in bun similar to steamed buns, which was clever, but I think bun works better with pork than with oysters. Momofuku ramen (pork belly, pork shoulder, poached egg): broth has a smoky flavor that I find tough to beat.  I'm not a ramen expert, but this is the first ramen I've actually dreamt about.  Poached egg, when mixed in, contributes a luxuriance to the broth.  Pork belly & shoulder are generous, tender, and deliciously seasoned.  Noodles are perfectly chewy.  Presentation is gorgeous, with 1 piece of dried seaweed (which I don't love but works perfectly well) and beautiful slices of (I think) fish cake) to complete the heavenly experience. Cousin leroy & arlo's soft serve ice cream - cherry-limeade twist: love this soft serve generally.  I prefer the richer flavors (malts, cracker jack, peanut butter, etc) or the weird macerated candy flavors (sour patch kids?) which are just cool.  These two were refreshing--like creamy sorbet-- but not memorable.
3.5 vegetarian stars My husband loves Momofuku  - he's a big fan of what I like to call "stink soup."  That is, fishballs, vegetables, mystery meat, whatever, in broth with noodles.  (Of course, when we went to Thailand and he ate stink soup from every roadside cart, I was the one who got sick!) So, can a vegetarian have a good meal at Momofuku?  Well, there's not a lot to choose from.  And, they really don't care...(well, good to know, I guess.) From their own faq: q: are there menu items for vegetarians (or those with other special diets)? a: all vegetarian items are listed as such on the menu, however, we have few. But, there are some.  And, you aren't here to have a vegetarian pitty party for yourself.  Order the ginger scallion - noodles and vegetables, no broth.  Not knock-your-hemp-socks-off flavorful, but solid noodles and vegetables. The real secret for the vegetarians...you must order the shitake buns!  Yeah, pork buns, smork buns - you've read all of the reviews about them and thought, "Who cares?  Not me!"  Well, the pork buns are tasty (flexitarian moment) and I did indulge guiltily a time or two.  But, now that I've discovered the shitake buns, you couldn't get me to go back.  The shitake buns have all of the sticky, sweet flavor in the pillow-soft steamed buns without the karmic deductions!   Yeah, you can thank me later - now you'll actually enjoy eating at Momofuku rather than just swallowing your one entree choice in order to have dinner with your hip friends.
I guess I was expecting something different with all of the hype. My friend and I waited about an hour for a table around 9 pm on a Sunday night (seated about 10 pm). The place still had lots of people waiting for a table! With that expectation, I ordered the signature ramen dish. It wasn't bad, but with all of the great hearsay, I expected some of the best ramen I've ever eaten (and I am an aficionado). It was served lukewarm and 'meh' in flavor. I've had many $5-6 bowls that were much better. My friend ordered the spicy noodles. She was warned it was hot, but got it anyway, and about a third of the way through said she couldn't feel her mouth anymore. The bottom of her bowl was drowning in chili oil. I guess they did warn us, but I can't imagine too many people can get through that dish. The pea sprout and kimchi sides were highlights. I guess it is supposed to be fusion and not authentic, but it didn't quite tickle my taste buds.
MmmMMmmMmMMMMMMmmmmmMMMmmmMMMMmmmmmmmMMmmmMMMMMmmm­mmmMMMMMMmmm Shitake Steamed Buns! OOooOOooOOooOOOOOoooOOOOoOOooooOOOooOOoOooOOOOoOOo­oooo Roasted Rice Cakes! YummmmMMmMmMmmmMMMmmmmMmMMMMmMMMMMmmmyyy in my tummy Momofuku Ramen! Seriously, had all of the above and it was great! The Shitake Steamed Buns were delicious. A few of the sliced shitake were just a slight bit crispy and that made for a delightful magical smiley surprise. If you're going for the Momofuku Ramen, try the Shitake Steamed Buns instead of the pork buns. It'll be a great pairing. The Roasted Rice Cakes were great too. Tasty and played well in appetizer and in conversation. The Momofuku Ramen was delish. Loved the poached egg. Was it the best ramen I've ever had? No, but it certainly was up there. I also had a chance to try the Chilled Spicy Noodles - pass on this fellas. It is lame. Okay to share, but not as your main dish. I saw how much chilli oil they use and whoa, it must be like four to six tablespoons. When you're eating it, you're deceived into thinking you can take it. But watchout! I sat at the bar where all the line cooks were and it was pretty neat (careful though, you might come out coated with the delightful aroma of all that is Momofuku). In my opinion, this could be the place to sit. Sit at the bar staring at the wall... eh... sitting by the tables crowded by your fellow Momofuku companions that seemingly disappear in the conversation of your own party? Nice, but hey, if you're a regular, ask to sit by the cooking staff and be dazzled organized madness with the here and there shouts of "HOT!" and "BEHIND!" by the staff as they prepare your order.
i currently live less then a block away from this place. i get annoyed by the way the lines outside spill over so much that i have to drag my laundry in the street when trying to get past it. that said, this place earns 5 stars for one dish alone: the ginger scallion momofuku noodles. to die for. i get the same thing EVERY time i come and i've been here several times. i always taste the other dishes when i come with friends (i taste what they order) and have had a variety of amazing vegetable and seafood based starters.  i love the desserts. there is often a better soft serve selection here than at milk bar. the spicy chips are pretty awesome too . but seriously, nothing makes me happier then popping in here (often by myself) and  getting my ginger scallion noodles and a root beer. then i know the rest of my day will be phenomenal!
So why do people line for 17 dollar, mediocre ramen?  The pork buns were much tastier than the ramen... Like melt in your mouth good.
Never eat at an Asian restaurant that was not cooked by Asians. You can get their famous pork buns cheaper and taste so much better in any restaurant in China town and any authentic Japanese restaurants will have so much better ramen noodle than Momofuku's. Momofuku's ramen is full of chemical flavor. The noodle was under cooked because they were so busy and the soup was bland. We waited more than an hour to get the table, not very impressive.
Food is ok.  Extra star for the ramen.  This review is more so for the customer service, which I am big on.  I visited a few weeks ago and amongst the items I ordered was the smoked chicken wings.  I had them there before and knew that this particular order was undercooked.  After telling me that it couldn't be, they offered to replace the order.  I was pretty sure it came with seven pieces.   I had eaten most of one and took one bite (based on waitress recommendation) of another just to make sure they were undercooked.  Sad to state, when they came out with the replacement order, I noticed six wings pieces piled high in the center of the plate.  When I moved them away with a fork, I noticed that the one in the center looked like it was missing a piece.  When the waitress asked how the replacement was, I told her it seemed as though they were the same ones cooked a little more (which I wouldn't have had a problem with).  She told me no because she personally tossed them out.  That made matters worse!  Could they have been so petty as to short one wing (no big deal) and (most importantly) cut a piece out of a wing out of spite (or was it a mere coincidence?)??!! I realize that I paid for one order, but really???!!! I purposely returned yesterday and ordered the same thing.  Needless to state, they looked, tasted and consisted of the same number of pieces (7) that I was used to.  I have a chicken dinner reservation coming up.  I think I will cancel it and give my money to a more deserving establishment.  One that appreciates its loyal clients!
Let me just say, I love ramen. I could eat ramen everyday. Being a ramen fanatic and having heard so much about Momofuku, I was dying to go. When I finally went, I had very high hopes. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. The ramen was incredibly mediocre. The broth was bland; the pork was alright; the noodles were a little too "al dente." The ramen was also too expensive for what it was. I believe my bowl of ramen was $16. The key upside was that the wait wasn't too long (about 25 minutes), especially considering that it was a Friday evening. They really get people in and out of there quickly.
The ramen noodle soup is great, less salty than Hide-chan. The pork is falling apart a bit too much. The soft boiled egg is perfect. I was wondering why the ramen is $16. The bowl is huge. It can be easily split for two. I do not like chilled spicy noodle. It is oily and too spicy. They should have used sesame oil instead of veggie oil.
I came here with 8 people for the large format fried chicken.  The whole online reservation thing is a bit of a hassle and it I took me a couple months to get a reservation for a time I wanted.   To start off with got the pork buns.  There's a lot of hype surrounding them and I've had Ippudo's pork buns before.  That being said, they were very good but nothing mind blowing.  Very fatty and delicious.  The hoisin and the pickled cucumber added a nice touch.  I'm not sure that they are better than Ippudo's pork buns, I think I like them both a lot. For $100 you get 2 fried chickens, one southern style and one Korean style along with tortillas, lettuce, veggies, and a bunch of sauces.  The southern fried chicken seasoning was good, but definitely not better than KFC's seasonings, not even close.  I thought the Korean fried chicken was better.  The sauce was slightly sweet and the skin was very crunchy (for some reason much crunchier than the southern style one).  However, I would have to say that the chicken itself is not too much better than chicken at Kyochon or Mad for Chicken in Ktown.   Eating the chicken with tortilla and lettuce made it a different eating experience though, which was good.  The ginger scallion and the soy jalapeno sauces were my favorite ones. The chicken meal was very good but I don't think its worth all the hype.  Expect very good food, but don't expect it to be the best fried chicken ever.  I was not disappointed, but I could see how alot of other people would be with all the hype going around.   Also, I think the Bo Ssam at Ssam Bar is much better, though its twice the price. Overall, I would say its worth it to try but I probably will not be getting the fried chicken again anytime soon.
I had recently feasted on the delicious pork buns at Ippudo, and heard that the ones at Momofuku were even better.  Naturally, I decided to put this to the challenge and I must say that Momofuku failed to impress.  Although there was a very liberal amount of pork served with their buns (and ramen), it wasn't as tender as others that I've had before and was more on the dry side. The fatty parts were still juicy and flavorful but what do you expect from pork fat right? The Momofuku ramen sadly painted a similar picture.  The broth was extremely salty and the ingredients in the dish as a whole just didn't seem to fit together.  Again, there was a very generous portion of meat served with the ramen which most would find exciting, but in all honesty, it seemed that they did that to mask the flaws of the salty broth, mediocre pork and lifeless noodles. The restaurant as a whole had a nice atmosphere and good service, but unfortunately the food was simply not worth the price.
After weeks of rapid-fire clicking on the website, I was finally able to grab a fried-chicken reservation for myself and 7 other friends. $100 dollars to feed 8 people is a steal - especially for a place like Momofuku. The majority of us preferred the Korean style chicken - the skin was more flavorful and less "batter-y", though the southern style one was also good. They also give you a bunch of different sauces to try the chicken with. I thought the ginger scallion one was the best, so we kept on bugging the waiter to refill this one. Note: they say that they are only serving you two chickens, but there is no way that its only two (unless they've had gorilla hormones injected into them). The 8 of us arrived extremely hungry and couldn't even finish all of it...
This place is notorious for it's wait times...just like ipuddo....but they bent over backwards to accommodate my mother who walks with a stroller....I told them of her disability and so they agreed to let me know when it would be about a half hour till my turn, and so that way I was able to call,her at that time so she could get into a taxi...even with that plan, she was late, but they were not angry or nervous, they were all smiles and very accomodating....from the bottom of my heart I really appreciated that as she is sick from cancer and her visits to restaurants won't be so many (they did not know she was sick btw) ....she came with my Venetian Aunt and they had a great and memorable time, a complete success!  My mom had never been to a noodle bar and so it was really interesting for her! Best Pork Buns in the City, the noodles were perfect as usual! A beautiful experiance....
Chef David Chang has done wonders to this place. The Steamed Pork buns are definitely a favorite here, with a generous serving of pork belly.   I go here quite often and am always pleased except for the second time, when the broth of the ramen was very salty, however, i haven't been disapointed since.  They don't take reservations here, but the lines go pretty quickly and i think is worth the wait for a warm bowl of noodles and a couple of steamed buns.   The spicy rice cakes aka ddukbokhee is pretty great, having a lot of different textures and a play on sweet meets savory/spicy. The soft serve is awesome, from  a local place, they have seasonal flavors.  The Banana would have to be my favorite.
Such a disappointment. I was so excited to try David Chang's take on ramen but left asking myself why did I just waste $20 bucks on some crappy ramen? I tired their momofuku ramen and will sadly never come again. Luckily I didn't have to wait more than 5 mins.
the steamed pork buns are terrific. however, everything else (roast duck, rice cakes, scallops, braised oxtail dumplings)  was very mediocre. it's the type of food that demands hot sauce because it has no flavor of its own. the duck was okay, but not special. also, i don't like the cafeteria style seating. why do i want to have dinner at the same table as four 23 yr old guys in thrift store track jackets checking funny or die on their cell phones? the only thing under thirty that interests me is jessica biel (so you may take many of my comments with a grain of old salt). the steamed chicken and pork dumplings at macao trading are different but every bit as good as the pork buns here.
30 minute wait. At least on Saturday Night. I had some chilled spicy noodles that were nothing to write home about. However, they didn't look the the best thing on the table. Friendly people. Fun, busy atmosphere. If I go back and order something better, I'll update.
the food is generally good and the pork buns are very good.  enough so, that i have been willing in the past to overlook the waits, the unreasonable prices, the steamy cramped quarters and the often inept and rude service.  on more than one occasion, however, i've had my dining experience further marred by the owner's tantrums.  momofuku has an open kitchen enclosed by a counter in front of which you sit.  because of that, you are frequently forced to endure the owner loudly berating his kitchen staff from just a few feet away.  until recently, i put up with these outbursts, dismissing them as isolated instances.  unfortunately, it is a recurring problem.  if you enjoy abusive displays while sucking on your noodles, then look no further.  otherwise, go to minka, a few blocks down.  it serves far better and cheaper ramen without the aggravation.  i would also recommend ippudo and setagaya over momofuku.
Fantastic. Everything up to par, no disappointments. A friend and I split the momofuku ramen, pork buns, pig tails, shrimp&grits, as well as the summer corn special. Everything was absolutely delectable. We got lucky enough to be seated at the open kitchen--wish we had gotten the chicken wings as well. The pork buns are a must and anything with Benton's bacon--really adds incredible smoky notes to any dish. It was their 10 year anniversary so we got lucky as they had an expanded menu with many of their various favorite menu items over that span of time. The restaurant was busy, loud, we had a long wait, but what can you expect for the place that changed the game of ramen(especially on 10 year anniversary)? The simple yet modern design lent to a very great experience, giving the restaurant a very clean feeling.
Momofuku's interior is modern and chic, however the compliments pretty much ends here. Wasn't blown away and was expecting a little too much with nearly 4 stars and over 2000 reviews.   Had better pork buns at Ippudo. Less juicy and succulent. Yes, Momofuku may have included 2 slices of pork in each bun vs. 1 at Ippudo, but it turned out to be an imbalance in the pork to bun ratio. I also prefer the inclusion of lettuce at Ippudo vs. green onions at Momofuku. The juice of the lettuce helps balance the salty flavoring of the pork. Momofuku's noodles are on the hard, chewy end. --Momofuku ramen= No. The broth of their signature momofuku ramen was a disappointment. $16 for shoyu ramen? I'm not a fan of shoyu ramen to begin with, but they better blow me away after serving the priciest ramen bowl I've ever encountered. With a couple slices of pork belly and pork shoulder and a poached egg, I still don't understand why it warrants the $16 price tag. Had it been tonkotsu broth, I would've understood given the prep time required for that but we're talking about shoyu-like broth here *face palm* +Spicy miso ramen= not very spicy, more flavorful broth, better alternative to momofuku ramen. Service here is impersonal, very busy, nothing outstanding...though there was a Asian waiter with black rimmed glasses who gave special attention to 2 ladies sitting next to us amongst the sea of customers. Perhaps it was their beauty or he personally knows them, but he gave them complementary appetizers on the house and meticulously described what he was serving them in detail vs. doing nothing of the sort to other tables. Is this fair? I think not.
QUICKTIP: review for chicken dinner for four. Korean style (spicy & flavorful) & southern style (juicy but too much half cooked batter). still very underwhelming. two sauces are simple Korean sauces, one is regular bottled hoisin sauce, and the green one was pretty good. giving it three stars overall. ------------------------------------ Okay, I didn't have to wait the month-long wait to get the fried chicken. Instead, I got to hitchhike on my friend's reservation thanks to her friends who bailed. Their loss... or was it? The chicken dinner is ~$100 for a nice big plate of chicken, 4 sauces, and a bowl of assorted veggies that you can make a ssam (veggie wrap) with. It's for 4-8, but our party of four failed to finish. I'd say it's about right for 6 hungry persons. There are two types of chicken flavors: 1) Southern Style: heavily battered (I'm talking half an inch thick), juicy on the inside, and spiced with non-spicy spices. 2) Korean Style: double/triple fried with a spicy glaze, smaller pieces, but much tastier. The sauces: 1) Regular hoisin sauce (visit your local pho to sample) 2) Regular Korean red pepper paste (visit your local korean home to taste) 3) This home-style sweet sauce with sliced garlic and jalapenos (awesome) 4) a green dip of i-dont-know-what-but-it-was-the-best-sauce sauce Veggies: 1) not baby carrots, but mini-big carrots 2) radishes (best on table) 3) mint leaves 4) basil leaves 5) lettuce leaves So why 3 stars? Chicken is not as great as I made it sound up there. It gets old and boring pretty quickly. The only way to spice it up is with the different sauces and wrapping it up with the various veggies. And it was just not a good meal that I would pay ~$25/person for. Sure the place may be famous for everything else, but damn if you're going to make people wait for a month, that schnapps best be cray.
I went here for the first time the other night, and aside from the 2 hour wait (which I'll get to in a second), the experience was pretty good! The Momofuku Ramen is a solid dish (though I have had better back in CA) and the portions left me extremely full. The downside to Momofuku is that there are only 35 seats in the entire venue and as I stated earlier, the wait for seating can be extremely long if you have a group larger than 2 people, especially on Friday or Saturday. They do redeem themselves however, in sending you a text message when your table is almost ready, giving you time to head out for a drink or look for another dinner spot before coming back if you so please.
You know, I used to love this place.  It used to be a mandatory stop for a friend in town for a weekend.  It also used to be a late night stop for grubs after a night out.  It used to be worth the wait. I've come here about once every few months, and this past month, 3 times - which I guess is the closest I'm ever going to get to being a "regular" at any place in this city.  While I felt it, but didn't want to admit it at first, because ya know, who wants anything near and dear to your heart being smashed into little pieces, being poured gasoline over and set on fire? Well, I'll say it now.  It's beginning to suck.  What was once an "omgwtfbbq" moment when you bite into that pork bun, has now been transformed into an "omgwtf...is this" moment (more on that later).  Maybe it's the increasing proportion of fat/non fat in the pork belly I've begun noticing,  or maybe it's what seems like a rushed/heavy hand usage of salt that's begun to manifest itself in my soup broths... You know what, I was willing to overlook and forgive all that, until my visit last weekend: [ Pork bun delivered ] Me:  Yay.  [Picks it up....notices hair on meat]  Um, excuse me sir?  There's a hair in my pork bun. Waiter:  [Looks at it]  It's actually just boar hair, but I'll get another one for you. WHAT. Boar hair? Boar hair.  So here are some questions running through my head at this point: 1. Is boar hair really better than human hair? 2. Wait, isn't boar hair more unhygienic? 3. The fact you recognize it's boar hair and not human hair, why do you know this? 4. Does this mean that you've encountered this before? 5. You don't seem too concerned, did you really just make it sound like you're doing me a favor by replacing it? 6.  BOAR HAIR! OMGWTFBBQ!? Okay, yeah, so I'm done with this place.  I gave it 2 stars for the memories we shared.  Oh Momofuku, at least no one will ever accuse you of using fake meat.
This place gets two stars because the hot sauce was great! Otherwise, grab a small snack and just make the 2-hr wait at Ippudo! Brisket buns (w/horseradish, pickled red onion and cucumber): the ingredients individually were all good: the bun was great, as was the horseradish, cucumber and onions, and the brisket was tasty (although it seemed more like roast beef than brisket). However, something was missing. We added hot sauce to give it a little kick and add cohesion. Momofuko ramen: the presentation was great. I was so excited when the plate was placed in front of me; I even took a picture. Unfortunately, the broth was simply salty and had no flavor. I had to drench it in hot sauce to be able to finish this dish. The pork belly and pork shoulder had a nice flavor but the broth was just terrible. Smoked chicken wings: we got smoked by this. The waitress did a phenomenal job in describing this dish. They lacked flavor, they lacked texture (I like my wings crunchy; these were very soft), and there was nothing smoky about them.
We ate pork and chicken noodles. I can't remember the taste but it was really bad. One of the worst noodles ever. My boyfriend got sick ... It tasted like a MISO soup!! Honestly, I never go back there. I'm overwhelmed by these over-stared reviews, That's why I could not stop writing here my review.
my sister is in love with ramen! so she brought me to this place. there was not a lot of choices on the menu. which i was kind of suprised. i wasn't impressed with the food at all. overall this place is o-k. i had better. it was good but not worth it! the broth is kind of slacking but thats just my taste.
Going here is an event. I went on a Sat night for dinner, but I have a feeling it's like this often: crowds near the doorway, disorganization and confusion. You could say it's part of trying to get into a popular place. I would agree and would have kept my temperament calm while waiting for my table. However, one event almost kept me from eating here. The hostess had told my group of 5 that we were about to be seated in 20 minutes, as they were waiting for a table to clear. After 20 minutes, we checked again, and she said, "I can't seat you since your party isn't all here." However, we were all standing/mushed into the aforementioned fire hazard of a crowd. My friend was shocked at this, asserted we were all here, but watched as another group was seated instead of us. After talking to the manager, it was all fixed and we were seated immediately, which was great. Lessons learned: be attentive about waiting for your name to be called and assert when your entire party is present. We were seated at the bar in front of the kitchen, which was awesome to watch the staff at work. We all had our own bowls of ramen and we ordered pork buns, roasted potatoes with kimchi and the special of the day - pig tails. All was amazing. I was a fan of the pork buns after going to Ssam bar, and one bite caused me to smile and want to hug someone. I could only eat half of my humongous bowl of Momofuku Ramen, which was fine by me because it became breakfast later. It was porkliciously amazing. I also had a Hitachino Nest Ginger Brew. Probably would not fork over another $10 for a 2nd bottle, but I am a fan of ginger.
Got a reservation for lunch because we wanted to try the fried chicken dinner and that is all we could get. The fried chicken was good but while we waited, we decided to sample some other goodies from the menu. The ginger scallion ramen and the pork buns were phenomenal. Opt for the regular menu over the fried chicken dinner! If you do get the fried chicken dinner, go hungry.
The Sinapore Sling is the only reason you need to go here. DRINK THIS DRINK. That's really all I need to say about it. I'd put off going to Momofuku Noodle Bar for a few reasons: 1. I already have a Momofuku installation that I frequent and love - do I really need another? 2. They've obtained a grade B on their health inspection (unless that has changed recently?) 3. I don't really *get* ramen. I managed to ignore all of those valid points when a friend of mine came to town and really wanted to go. I can be persuaded into pretty much anything, sometimes. Anyway, the noodles here? Good. Nothing to write home about. But the Singapore Sling? It's frozen and man oh man. Best thing they've got.
Long waits for an overly salty bowl of Momofuku ramen. I'm a HUGE fan of David Chang, and having been to his other restaurants, I was really disappointed with MNB.  The ramen was just alright, nothing to write home about.  Except for the pork buns.  Those are worth a letter.   Go to Ippudo.  The long waits are worth it for a comforting bowl of noodles and broth and chashu.
Reviewed the wrong Momofuku.  NYC has got me all turned around. ------------------------------- 3.5 stars.  I was obsessed with trying Ippudo because my foodie friends raved about it.   Unfortunately, when we got there on a Tuesday or Wednesday night,  the wait was an hour.  I probably would've stuck it out but my dining companions were not into it.  (Hey, Hurricane, we need to go there when you visit!) So, we walked around and ended up at Momofuku because it was one person's favorite ramen place.  The place itself is pretty, long and narrow, with a lot of counter seating and communal tables.  Unfortunately, the hosts were kind of idiotic in how they sat people so if you were a party of more than 2, you waited a very long time and since we were 4, it soured the experience for me. I had the Momofuku ramen which was basic but good.  The noodles had a nice texture but I found the broth to be too salty.   The pork was tender and it was a good sized portion.  We also tried the pork buns which were quite tasty.  They also have Echigo.  Since this is part of the David Chang empire, there are Korean influenced items on the menu which sounded and looked interesting. If I  had been with a party of 2, I may have given a higher rating but the food didn't justify the wait.
So disappointed... overrated and overpriced for ramen... the ramen was the worst ramen in the world. seriously... 13 dollars for ramen..? Also buns.. exoensive too... only 2pieces of pork and they cjarged me like 10 bucks...
Are you Asian? Or someone with discerning taste when it comes to your food... Price: severely overpriced Noodles: kind of hard and the broth is lackluster for all of the hype Honestly if the hype was not so crazy over this, I probably would be more satisfied with my noodles Why they for 1 star- the soft serve icecream they had was yummy
Kimchi stew and pork buns are all you need.  I also like the tamarind celery soda.  The beer selection is small, but comprised of good choices.  Honestly, the regular ramen itself isn't so great, but the rest of the menu is  what the real draw is for me. The wait can be very, very long, but prices aren't bad and the food is wonderful.  Please note that if you're a vegetarian, you're pretty much out of luck here.
I have been waiting my whole trip to sample some of David Chang's unique spin on traditional asian cuisine. The high expectations when entering the place made me fear that I would only be disappointed. The simplistic decor and bright open kitchens created a light and homey atmosphere. The menu emphasized the use of local ingredients and local farms in all their creations. I opted to try the set lunch of Oyster bun, Chicken soup and soft serve (A mix of pickled berry and olive oil CRAZY RIGHT?) and a rice cake appetizer for the table. Before I continue I need to tell you that this may not be for everyone; both my sister and brother did not enjoy the meal because they felt the flavors were too overwhelming and not good combinations. The first dish, the oyster bun, came in the same bun that their famous pork buns are made with. It had a soft airy bun, with lightly fried oyster, delicately pickled cucumber, spicy radish (pickled), and a sweet mayo. The flavor combination created a true blend of sweet and spicy; with the sauce and pickles fighting for your attention you initially taste the sweetness until the heat of the pickles round of the final taste. The chicken soup had crispy chicken, fat flat noodles, very salty soup (which is apparently common Japanese), soy egg, pickled mushrooms, peas, sesame, and spring onion. Trying each of the flavors individually seem overwhelming; the noodles are tasteless, the peas are too crunchy, the soup is too salty, the mushrooms are too sour, the egg is too salty, and the chicken is too crispy. But combining the flavors onto one spoon and consuming them together orchestrates a beautiful symphony of flavor! This unique experience, much like the oyster bun, is nothing like I have had before. Each bite brings a new experience to my palate and truly challenges the conventions of classical flavor profiles. This trend is carried with the desert; I got the soft serve swirl with olive oil and pickled cherry ( still crazy to say). And my brother got the chocolate truffles. I'm not a fan of chocolate but he said they were good... The flavor is almost strange to accept at first; eating ice cream and tasting olive oil is something that few of us could say would be nice. But the clean flavor of the oil balanced the tangy-ness of the cherry. This is a must-try for all foodies! (the whole set was only 20 dollars)
My signature ramen was too salty, and I felt like I was drinking straight-up salt. It was not worth my 1 hour wait for this. Nothing interesting inside, except a lot of people. I think I'd rather head to Ippudo for their lively staff and slightly less salty ramen.
I like the new location - slightly roomier with tables for groups.  Although most likely you will still end up at the noodle bar if you are 2-3 people =)  I still love the noodles and fatty pork.  Delish!!!  And if you are a small party arriving around 6:30/7pm on a weekday the wait is not bad at all.
My family & I are from Hawaii & are used to really good Japanese cuisine.  I was craving some good Japanese noodles & we researched Momofuku which had decent reviews.  However, we were disappointed.  The food and service was average.
I'll try and keep this short: The food is excellent. Momofuku ramen is something I'd rank up there on par with Ippudo as being one of my favorites. The broth is full of delicious porky flavor, making you want to slurp up every last drop. Shrimp buns were not what I was expecting--more like some kind of shrimp toast wrapped inside the bun instead of a whole shrimp--but still really good, with large chunks of shrimp visible in every bite. I can't give this place five stars because the seating situation is absolutely horrendous. They cram as many people into each table as humanly possible, which makes for an incredibly uncomfortable dining experience. You have to shout across the table to have a conversation, all the while blocking out the people next to you who are doing the exact same thing, and also ignore the constant elbowing in your back whenever someone tries to squeeze through the space behind you. How is this not surpassing the maximum capacity?? It's awful. We got there just after 6pm and the place was only half full, but by the time we left at 7:30 it was jam packed with hoards of people waiting for a table. All in all, I highly recommend Momofuku Noodle Bar, but make sure to go extra early for a more pleasant meal and also to avoid the herds.
My fiance and I came here today for lunch around 12:30PM. There was a line out the door but for 2 people, we didn't have to wait at all. Awesome! We sat at the bar so we were able to watch the chefs prepare the food. It reminded us of Japan, so we really loved sitting by the bar. However..onto the food. We were really looking forward to this place, since I've been to the Saam bar and loved it! The pork buns were just not as great as the Saam bar. I remember them to be so delicious and full of flavor just like Ippudo. Sadly, they were not as great here. The ramen was also not good. I had the spicy miso ramen and it was too salty. My fiance had the momofuku ramen which was salty as well. He wasn't even able to finish it. We were both disappointed! I think we'll stick with Ippudo or  Menkutei from now on.
Three truths about Momofuku and me: With cold sake, me happy puppy. Me want some yummy Pork Bun. Love me oodles of Momofuku Noodles.
I've been here a few times because I was craving ramen, and I always imagine that the noodles are better than they actually are, leaving me disappointed, and very thirsty. One common theme is that everything is way too salty.  Starting with the soy sauce egg, with soft egg yolk mixed with large grains of salt (good flavor but extremely salty) to the momofuku ramen with pork belly, seaweed, slowly poached egg, and salt-saturated broth, everything I ate just made me want to drink water all the time.  In terms of the ramen, I prefer Ippudo's more flavor broth and the texture of their noodles, but maybe that's just a matter of preference.  To me, Ippudo's broth has a more balanced flavor. Of course, I can't forget about the pork buns, which are also available at the ssam bar.  Definitely the best thing on the menu!  Who cares if the pork belly is 80% fat, as long as it tastes that good!   In terms of service, I've been there during their quiet hours and service was very quick.  The one time I went during one of their busier times, I waited about 45 minutes for my ramen, after asking the waitress to check on our order twice.  When they finally brought our food out, our waitress said that the wait gets pretty long when a lot of people order noodles.  Umm...isn't this a NOODLE bar?? Go for the pork buns, skip the noodles.
Haters gonna hate.  That's fine, it just leaves more pork buns for the rest of us. The pork buns are extraordinary!  In addition to the buns, we had a bowl of ginger scallion noodles and a bowl of chilled spicy noodles.  The ginger scallion noodles are very good.  The recipe for David Chang's ginger scallion sauce is widely available, and I'm ready to make the stuff at home.  The spicy noodles, on the other hand, were not that good.  Look, we don't shy away from spicy food, but when your nose is running running running and the spiciness masks the other flavors in the food, then it starts to be too much.
Last time I visited they were located in a different location and smaller.  Now I come back and they've grown too big for their britches and moved.  With an updated interior, bar seats, front row kitchen seating and communal tables Momofuku is able to cram even more people into the place. The pork buns have always been good, and having grown weary of Asian market just add boiling water kimchee ramen, I had the kimchee stew.  Don't get this going down the wrong pipe and don't drink this through your nose, a little warning.... it burns.  Tasty indeed with al dente noodles. Number 1 ramen?  Morimoto said it....and that's why what he says goes.  It's good, I enjoyed it, I'm not a ramen/kimchee guru, I'd get it again.   The mussels were plump, juicy, no grit, no beard... again ...tasty.  Chicken wings were also very tasty.  I really wanted to reach over the kitchen counter and grab some sirracha and lay some spicy rooster love on the little chick-a-dees and smack away in pleasure. Service is hindered, mainly b/c they can't reach between people due to the shoulder to shoulder seating.  Don't make any sudden moves if you're sitting at the kitchen and be aware of the people moving past you. Pricing is a little high I think, but people are willing to shell out the green, including myself.  I'll be back.
3.5 Stars Good ramen. Pork buns were deelish but felt like highway robbery. Friends got the veggie noodles, which were a good salvo from all the porkiness on the menu; even the shittake steamed buns are cooked with pork fat! Looking forward to visiting the other Momofuku restaurants.
I have never been to a noodle place before and I was missing out!  The pork buns are PERFECTION and the momofuku pork noodle bowl thing was AMAZING!  I am in love.  This place is packed out especially around 9pm but daaaamn I see why!  A little pricey so I may come once in a blue but I will see you again my little momo!  Service was decent considering it was so busy.
For the name, the price, the wait, it is so not even worth it. There was nothing good about this place. Another overrated hyped up place. We tried the signature wings, the buns, and ramen. I don't know why they were rated so highly for nothing special or tasted better or different.  Ramen tasted like every chain ramen with salty soup, thick hard pork, and thick noodle I can get around the corner. It was just not good and not worth going back to.
Been waiting to try a David Chang restaurant for a while now, and finally made it into the noodle bar for a Friday lunch.  It was crowded, but due to communal tables there wasn't a wait for 2 at 1pm.  Their menu is limited and pretty pricey for lunch, but hey, they're famous for a reason, right?  As far as I'm concerned, that reason is the Pork Buns.  Holy god - these are my favorite asian food in the universe, and these are probably the best I've ever had.  Wow wow wow.  I ordered the ginger scallion noodles, which were very good, and my friend ordered the chilled spicy noodles.  He was warned by three different staff members that they were REALLY spicy, and they weren't kidding!  I don't know how he managed to eat the whole bowl, but he did, and from my one taste I can tell you they were excellent.  I would absolutely go back to try more, probably on a colder day so I want to order the Ramen!  Also saw a table having the fried chicken...might have to do that too...
We came here for lunch on a Friday and were able to get seated right away.  It's not as cramped as some other Ramen places but I was a little disappointed by the Ramen here.  I thought the broth was too salty and the noodles too chewy. The pork bun was good.
OPOH! (over priced over hyped) The buns here are delicious especially the shitake.  The flavoring is especially delicious.  The Ginger scallion noodle was also pretty good.  There is definitely a wait. The place isn't too big.  They pack a lot of people in for the space.  It's New York!   Too expensive for what you get.  It's a fancy, cleaner version of asian food.  I would pass in the future.  That's way too much to be paying for buns and ramen.  Sorry guys, but I gotta save on some $$$ while in NYC.  I'll settle for the delicious pizza instead, a buck or 2 at some places, ya know.
I've been waiting to visit Momofuku forever and almost didn't make it. Thank god the place my friend and I had originally planned on visiting was closed so we ended up here. We arrived 5 minutes before the restaurant opened and there was already a line outside waiting for a table. Once the restaurant's doors opened, we went in and got counter seating by the cooking area (inside) and watched the line moving along pretty quickly, Naturally I had to try the famous Pork baos. The pork belly could've done with a little more flavor, but they drizzled sauce all over it so it added a little more flavor. I would've liked the flavor to have been IN the pork but on well. The cucumber slices added a nice crunch to it. Most impressive were the buns -- they were nice and thin and didn't have the toothy floury texture. AWESOME! Braised beef short rib with crispy rice cakes was also not bad. The beef had nice flavor and the greens added a good component. The rice cakes were inconsistent though. Some pieces were nicely crispy while others were not. When I did get a crispy piece it was like heaven in my mouth with a little drizzle of hot sauce and the runny yolk from the poached egg they topped the dish with. Most disappointing was the Momofuku ramen. Seriously, I've had SO much better ramen in CA and to call yourself a "noodle bar" -- well, the noodles definitely some improvement. I liked the texture of the noodles but not the flavor. The broth was okay, nothing spectacular. All in all, it won't be on my list to order if I return again.
The $2 soy egg is fantastic -- the egg is soft boiled so it's not runny but not too hard either. It's marinated in soy sauce, then sprinkled with scallion bits and crispy-salty fried bits of shallots. Potent. The corn and potatoes were also superb, mostly because they glistened with rich miso butter. The vegetarian ginger noodles are as heavenly as ever. Tip: It's not alway on the menu (it wasn't today).  But they made it for me anyway -- so just ask your waiter.
Hmmm. We got there exactly at 5:30, or whatever time their dinner was. It was just my girlfriend and I, so we got seated right away. Literally within minutes, the place started filling up quickly, and people already started lining up to be seated. Judging by this, I knew this place made some statement and people are coming here for a reason. But cmon. Seriously? We got the pork buns. They were good. But they weren't great. And I went with the momofuku ramen because I like going with the restaurants' classic anywhere I go. But I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food tasted good. But nothing was great. Nothing blew me away, and no flavor really stuck out to me. Would I go back? No. I think it's insulting that anyone compares Momofuku with Ippudo. Had I had momofuku for the first time without having ippudo I might have been more impressed with the experience. But I always wanted to try this place to see what the hype was about. But ippudo really blows this place out of the water. Even their pork buns taste better than. And their ramen? mmm yeah, Ippudo is my go to. Sorry momofuku, you let me down. But, I still like your ice cream ;)
Four Stars for the Pork buns. I was a skeptic at first when a friend raved about them...being from MPK, Chinese food capitol of the US..I thought no way can the best pork buns be from a trendy little joint in nyc. I was blown away. First off , it was nothing I like the traditional Chasu Baos..they were buttery slices of tenderized pork belly tacoed by a soft and chewy bun. I could eat this for days! I wasn't however, too thrilled with the Kimchi stew or ramen. The stewed kimchi was too mushy and the ramen was extremely overpriced and lacked the flavor and depth I'm used to getting for 8 bucks at Shin Sen or even Yokocho.
My New York friends have been raving about this mini-chain and it was the first place they brought me when I arrived. Yep, even before a pizza slice which is usually the first thing I eat in NYC. It was a weekday afternoon and we walked right in, to my friend's amazement. It is a young and groovy crowd, college types ordering $20 prix fixe for lunch. Waitrons were likewise young and friendly. The first course was a simple stir-fried baby bok choy. Can I just say it was astonishingly bad? I mean truly. I believe that with Chinese greens, you have to let the flavor of the vegetable speak the loudest. So don't overcook it or over-season it. These were both over-cooked and way, I mean way over-seasoned with...salt. I was shocked. Nine bucks for this? I ordered the Ginger Scallion noodles and had a similar reaction. It was so, so salty without any other flavor to counter-balance. No sour, no savory, nothing. Just oil and salt. I somehow choked it down, mainly because I didn't want to make my friends feel bad as they had really hyped this place up. They could tell I was displeased, though, and said "Well, he does come from the Asian fusion capitol of the world." I suppose that's true, but I only expected good and hoped for great food. To me it was an Emperor's New Clothes situation. Is everyone afraid to say what they really think about the food here because of the hype? Oh yeah, the pork buns were decent.
With this many reviews it's all been said before.  However, it seems like most folks go for dinner which seems to present a grueling wait.  We popped in around 1:30 pm and only had to wait for about 10 minutes to be seated. Our server was efficient but pretty apathetic.  The communal seating and hot ramen were perfect for a brisk fall day. Also to note is that the menu changes daily.   We started off with the pork buns.  YES!  As er'body has mentioned, they are that dang good.  In fact, I could easily come here and order about 5 of these with a large lychee smoothie, which by the way is an explosion of goodness in your mouth.  If you aren't a fan of fat, these buns may not be for you since there is a pretty thick, succulent layer on each piece of pork.  I have to admit that after about the second bite,  I was overwhelmed by the fat..  The dough they use is so incredibly soft that it almost feels like your biting into a 'lil cloud in the sky.  We also had the charred octopus which came in a delicious sauce that included, chorizo, octopus, veggies, and fruit that all complemented each other. And lastly for our entree we had the Momofuku ramen.  It was good, but not great.  I loved the noodles and the pork belly was seasoned to perfection but I wasn't too crazy about the broth or the poached egg.   We noticed that a few tables had hella-big plates of fried chicken and after flipping the table from front to back  we finally asked the hostess where we could find it  and she explained that you have to make reservations for the massively large chicken delight.  I definitely want to try that next time.
The first time i went, i LOVED it!!!!  Pork steamed buns were just out of this world...never had buns like that...and i still enjoy them.  The menu is pretty simple.  I've tried all the noodle dishes, and i like my noodles with soup...so momofuku ramen is the yummiest.  All the other dishes are good....but nothing extraordinary.  i have not try the fried chicken yet but i'm dying to!  it's still gets really busy at dinner time, but you can get seats before 6pm.  Definitely try it if haven't yet.
What's all the excitement about?  it's SO cramped and you have to wait - it's almost as bad as going to the movies in NY.  The food is good but not amazing, unlike at Ssam where the food is delish. I had the pork buns (too fatty for me) and scallion ramen.
The momofuku ramen broth was more oily than I expected it to be. The service felt very rushed. The brisket bun was very fatty - I liked the bun more than I liked the meat. Pretty disappointed over the bun, but the ramen taste made up for it.
If it wasn't for the absolutely delicious roasted rice cakes and addictive chilled spicy noodles,  I don't think I would ever return because of the poor service. One staff member in particular made this whole meal a failure.  An angry face,  bad,  snotty attitude...or whole dinner conversationwas about her. You should be happy with what you do,  if not,  why are you wasting your time? Second,  the seating  arrangements are horrible.  The space is so tight I mind as well just have sat on the lap of the guy next to me.  I was bumped into at least 20 times by the servers and customers trying to move around, that included being bumped in the head too. My friend had to get up three times to let people in and out.  That's a bit ridiculous...
I hear everyone rave about this place and how amazing it is. So of course I had to try it out to be the true judge of that. First off, this place was really trendy, great ambiance to say the least. Food? Well it fell short of what I was hoping it to be. My friend and I both ordered the Momofoku Ramen as I was MADLY craving for some good ramen. Good ramen? unfortunately No... the meat was tough and the broth lacked flavor in my opinion.. On top of that... ramen shouldn't be that expensive! $20 (including tip) for a bowl of ramen? I think that's a bit ridiculous... overall, the ramen was OK.
Although we had to wait forty-five just to sit at the bar, it was well worth the wait. G and I roamed around the area for a bar to grab a few drinks and this worked out perfectly. The hostess did a precise job with estimating wait time for us which is plus on top of the delicious food at Momofuku Noodle Bar. We ordered the pork buns (as good as the last two times I've had it), the Momofuku Ramen and the Ginger Scallion Noodles. Overall, I enjoyed our meal very much. The broth was extremely flavorful and the service was impeccable. To add on to the experience, our bar seats toward the rear left side of the restaurant gave us the opportunity to watch the chefs at work! We were transfixed at watching their skills for most of the night.
Get there early, around 6pm if you wanna have dinner before 8pm. The noodles are great! The atmosphere is relaxed and order the pork buns!
It was good. But not the best. The pork buns everyone raves about? Those were WAY over-rated. They tasted good, but... they're 2 for 9 dollars. They should be 1/2 that. They are in Japan. And taste pretty much the same. As far as the ramen goes, I had the Momofuku ramen. The noodles themselves were good quality. Nice texture. And the poached egg was like a piece of art. The ramen was really good... However, I was expecting more of a TAKE on generic ramen. It was pretty traditional, but Ippudo's ramen is better. I did really like the Spicy Chilled noodles. There was this really spicy sausage that was delicious. Though, the dish was way too oily. I was actually surprised that my favorite dish might have been the "Soy Sauce Egg," as a tiny little appetizer. Super good. I loved the atmosphere, went there for lunch. The whole place is so clean. And I also love that on the menu, it says where they get their pork, eggs, etc. Probably won't go back anytime soon. The menu just wasn't interesting enough to draw me back...
5 stars for the pork bun and 3 stars for the ramen. The pork bun is as others described it, "heavenly".  The pork belly is flavorful, not over seasoned, juicy, with melt-in-your-mouth thin layers of fat.  The picked cucumber just cut through the fat and vitalize your taste buds. The ramen is good, but not good to a point that I'll pay $16 for it again.  Mine just barely had enough broth to cover the noodles.  I am stubborn that ramen should come in a big bowl of steamy hot broth.
I came in here, expecting to be wowed by a tasty bowl of noodles. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I was greatly disappointed by my bowl of Momofuku ramen. The broth was way too salty and uninspiring. There wasn't much depth to it and all I could taste was sodium. The pork was okay, a bit overcooked and dry. Maybe they were having a bad day, but the pork just didn't cut it. The egg was perfectly poached, but it wasn't enough to save the whole bowl. And for $16, it's a pretty expensive bowl of mediocre ramen. You're much better off going to Ippudo or Minca for an awesome meal that's worth the money.
I had the lunch prix fixe menu: -Oyster buns with lemon mayo, pickled red onion and cucumber -Grilled Skirt Steak w/kimchi, Swiss chard, and smoked sesame -Coconut Tangerine Cake Truffles and in addition to that (I have 5 stomachs), I had some of my friend's: -Chilled spicy noodles w/sichuan spiced sausage, spinach, cashews I LOVED the Oyster buns and the Chilled spicy noodles! I have never had anything that resembles the two dishes. I'd say that I'm hard to impress..but Momofuku, you def live up to the hype. I will be back!
This might just be my favorite place in the city. Everything I've tried on the menu, from the pork buns to the kimchi stew to the pork ramon to the ginger scallion dressed noodles, has been absolutely amazing. No weak links here. Let's start with the pork buns, which are some of the best tasting things I have ever eaten. Super fatty pork, pickled cucumbers, a delicious sauce, and a nice, fluffy bun. Unbeatable. I could eat these all day if they didn't seem like they cause heart attacks. The kimchi stew is another stalwart on the menu and rightfully so. It's a huge bowl of a slightly spicy stew with kimchi, pork, rice patties, and lots of other really good stuff. It's very filling, and comes with rice, so one of these is more than enough for two people. Also, it lasts really well in the fridge and heats up easily in the microwave so don't be afraid to bring the extra home. The ginger scallion dressed noodles are also a really delicious option- the only vegetarian one on the menu- and combine a great sauce, perfectly cooked noodles, and pickled vegetables on top. All in all, the food is really delicious and you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. The service ranges from good to ordinary. They always get done what they need to, but do not take the service to that next level of hospitality. Despite this, the food more than compensates for the experience and it's impossible to walk out anything less than satisfied.
I was really excited to try momofuku noodle bar. I thought it would be a hip fun food experience. I was wrong. The service was bad. We waited 20 mins for our table to be wiped down. When we finally got seated we ordered the buns (sausage, shrimp and shiitake), crispy rice cakes and the kimchi. The shrimp bin was awesome. The shiitake mediocre with a touch too much salt. The kimchi was extremely salty and the rice cakes though crispy and good had way too much sauce drowning them. Not completely disappointed yet we ordered the ramen for our mains. The cold spicy noodle are good the rest of the bowls not worth mentioning. Had much better ramen. Now in to desert urggghhhhh ok so the pretzel covered truffles jeez they ruined war little of the meal I had enjoyed!!!!! Too salty and not enough sweet to balance it out. We left the 2 out of the 3 they were I edible. Momofuku I will not be back......
The delicious parts: Perfectly pickled vegetables.  Crisp and lightly salted.  Who knew cauliflower made for such good pickles?! Pork bun.  Possibly worth the wait. Pork belly, perfect bun, delicious sauce. The not so delicious: Ramen!  Oh no, how could the ramen not be amazing?  I had the pork one, and it was WAY too salty.  Pretty much the only flavor that came out was salt.  Still nice and warming on a cold winter night, but not worth waiting in line for. The bad: Service was not good at all.  Hard to get attention, waitress would go away between when one person ordered something and when another tried to add on to it. No explanations, no friendliness.  Just not good. Overall, it was OK but over-hyped for me.  Not worth using a dinner on if you're only in the city for a limited time.
The pork buns and ramen were divine. Definitely worth a visit. Just took off one star for the crazy wait, and the place feels really cramped, but the food makes up for it. I'd love to go back.
BEST PORK BUNS EVER!!! I came here a little before midnight on a Saturday where they had a special midnight menu that is only available on weekends. Our waiter recommended that we get a bowl of Ramen and an order of the Pork Buns to start us off. The Ramen was nice and warm and really big enough to share. It had a good amount of noodles and several slices of Pork Belly in it. YUM! The order of the buns came with 2 pieces and wow, I've never tried buns these good! We just had to order another serving. Those pork belly slices sandwiched between those buns are crazy! So flavorful! I'm definitely coming back here on my next visit! Oh and I will come back to try that Fried Chicken Dinner!
The food here definitely lives up to the hype.  The ramen was awesome and the pork buns were delicious.  I don't think I can wait 2 hours to eat ramen here again, but I just saw their fried chicken listed on top 25 best in the US by Food and Wine magazine, so looks like I will be coming back to give it a try. Disclaimer: I don't get the Ramen craze. I mean its good, but places ALWAYS having a 2-3 hour was is crazy to me,
I'll just write about what we ordered...it should speak for itself! roasted foie gras - sauteed ramps, sherry vinegar honey...LOVED it! steamed buns - chicken / shiitake / pork.....tried shitake and pork..LOVED it! smoked duck breast - cinnamon sour cream, pickled mustard seed...LOVED it momofuku ramen - pork combo, poached egg...LOVED it! Great balance of flavors!!! Seating is communal (shared tables and counters) kind of tight but worth the experience. Would definitely go back! Definitely great after a very late night out! Bon appetit!
For starters, I'm from LA and have access to a lot of ramen houses. I'm going to write my first review on yelp on some of dishes that i had ordered. I was very excited to try momo's ramen. I'd say that the noodles, egg and pork were cooked well, but the broth was SO salty and it just took away from all the natural flavor of the other ingredients. Secondly, at $16, is just too much for a bowl of ramen. Places like Daikokoya and Shinsengumi in SGV taste much better and are like $8-10. The foie gras, was rich and tasted more like a dessert mousse than an appetizer. Again, was very salty and presented with a sweet sauce and pastry. The highlight was probably the pork buns. Great tasting pork belly meat with steamed chinese buns. My only complaint here is that it was again on the salty side and was a a bit oily - due to the fatty nature if the meat (i hope). Overall, it was a pretty poor experience. Expensive, salty food mixed with being very cramped in the dining area equals a very bad experience.
Perfection! Literally have nothing bad to say about this place!  We got there around 7pm on a Saturday night and she took down our names and told us us it would be approximately 2 hours. Which worked out for us since we wanted to grab drinks at Please Don't Tell (right around the corner) anyway.  The Kimchi is a must for sure!! Anything you will get will be amazing! This place is fairly reasonable too!
Loved my lunch today at Noodle Bar!  My sister and I tried many different dishes and adored all:  sliced fluke; cauliflower with brown butter, pinenuts and golden raisins was fabulous; bok choy; pork buns; shrimp buns; special chicken with sourdough ramen.  Both the lychee and the yuzu palmer soju slushie were hits too!  I frequent Ko and Ma Peche more often, but after today's lunch, definitely plan to return more often to Noodle Bar.
We went to this place because the wait at Ippudo was an hour long.  Had the special ramen...but they really only have that one choice. It was mediocre at best...and probably some of the worst ramen that I've had at a place that is known for it.  Soup was soy sauce based, no options for other than that.  Noodles were hard...noodle boiler was down, and you get no choice.  Yes the pork bun was good, but after 40 minutes of waiting, anything tastes good.  If you want overpriced, unworthy and zero flavor ramen/soup...then by all means...head over, wait in line for about as long as anyone can bear, and enjoy the worst ramen in New York City. Girls at the front were impressive and cute...serving both as hostesses, waiters, and eye candy.
Hubby's been watching "Mind of a Chef" (the episodes with David Chang, the owner of Momofuku) so he's been dying to check this place out. Came here around 6 pm on a Friday night. Was told there would be a 15 minute wait, but got seated in 5 :-) We each immediately ordered a bowl of Momofuku Ramen and some spicy cucumber pickles. The ramen was good--the base is unique compared to others (not too many use a fish base). The portion was just right. It would have been better if there was more pork meat at the side thought... I got one sad slice of pork fat and bits and pieces of meat cut up like Hawaiian pulled pork :/ The cucumber pickles tho were delicious! Slightly crunchy, covered by a wakame seaweed purée (I think), crunchy roasted peanuts, and Japanese shichimi pepper flakes--a great combination.
Noodles amazing, pork buns not so much. Made a point to stop by the Noodle Bar for a late afternoon lunch (plenty of space, no wait at 3pm).  Pork bun appetizer certainly wasn't worth the price, and the double slab of pork may not work proportionately in relation to the not-so-great bun.  It actually tastes better to remove one pork slab from each bun and throw it into your upcoming bowl of ramen.  Then eat the pork buns the way they're supposed to be eaten. Standard Momofuku ramen was excellent.  Chewy noodles certainly supplemented the smoky broth.  And unlike Ippudo, which requires a la carte additions, this bowl came fully loaded with noodles, veggies, and meat. Best of all, they provide take-out bowls for left-over broth.  Refrigerated, the broth congeals into a gelatinous goo (which is a good thing) - likely due to the hours of boiled bone.  Warmed up and consumed independently of the Momofuku experience, this broth is divine.
After reading The Nasty Bits last year, of course I'm running straight to this place for the famous ramen.  Maybe my expectations were set too high - I do tend to get stupidly excited about food - but I really thought it was just good, not great. The pork buns were not bad, but frankly didn't hold a candle to those at Rock Sugar in LA (yeah, that's right, I just said that).  The ramen was a solid experience, but again, not something I'm dying to go back for.  It wasn't special. I can cross this one off the list.  NYC has too many places to scope out for this to be a repeater; no seconds for me here.
Momofuku, this place has so much hype surrounding it.  After hearing David Chang describe this place, of course I'm anxious to try it.  Ramen is my comfort food, so I'm highly critical of it.   First off, like everyone says, the pork buns are STUPENDOUS!  The fatty, thick, juicy pork belly just melts in your mouth along with the hoisin sauce.   The ramen soup base is a tad on the salty side.  But everything else was scrumptious.  The pork belly again was great.  The egg was cook to perfection!  The ramen was cooked the way I liked it.  The good thing is this $16 bowl of ramen actually filled me up (most bowls of ramen leave me unsatisfied).  I almost couldn't finish it.   The place itself was minimalistic and clean looking.  Expect long wait times at night.
The pork buns at this place are a BUNCH OF FUCKIN' BULLSHIT!  Whoever says that they're AWESOME must be out of their SKULL.  Here's what they are: two doughy, RAW-ASS little cake patties with a nasty chunk of pork fat in the middle, some sliced onions, and some sauce that tastes like that plum sauce shit that the little "FOUR CHICKEN WING FRIED HARD" places with the bulletproof glass give you in your bag - WOOPTIEFUCKIN DOO! The regular ramen was a JAM, but isn't ramen the shit that you buy at the store when you're BROKE OFF YOUR ASS cuz you can get 500 KAJILLION of them for a FUCKIN' DOLLAR FIFTY! AWWWWW JEAH!  WHAT WHAT! I also had the brisket ramen and I have to admit that that shit was FUCKIN SICK YO!  It tasted like they tossed a corned beef sandwich into my soup and just let that shit SIMMER!  OH HELL NAW! Pork Bun - Crap! Momofuku Ramen - Jam Brisket Ramen - MONSTER JAM Roasted Brussel Sprouts - MONSTER JAM Roasted Potatoes - Jam Ice Cream - Jam Jam To Crap Score: 7/12 - *58.3%*
love love love those Niman Ranch (I believe) Pork Belly Buns!!!!! Must try the Momofuku ramen bowl too! Always must stop in when I'm in town.
Everything was way too salty and too greasy. Perhaps this is "good" (con)fusion food to those not familiar with what real ramen tastes like. Honestly, like another person here said, my Nissin soup base tastes better (and not as salty). Apart from the regular momofuku ramen, I also tried the ginger scallion noodles. This was, by far, one of the worst dishes I have had in my entire life. Anyone ever have chicken with ginger and scallion dip (Chinese style)? The vegetarian noodle was like that, except with WAY more ginger and scallion AND oil than you would need to dip an entire chicken. The pickled shiitakes were terrible, every bite was like eating salt. The flavors of each part of the dish did not blend well with each other. This place makes me not want to visit the other momofuku restaurants.
3.5 out of 5 2nd time I went here last night and wanted to try out the ramen again. The wait was ridiculous, about over an hr, on a weekend night, so not good for groups of people and better off going with 2 instead. After being seated, I recommended everyone getting the Pork Buns as an appetizer, and a order of the signature Momofuku Ramen. The pork buns were really delicious with fatty goodness and definitely melts in your mouth with every bite. Adding sriracha provides the extra kick and compliments it well. However, it is still questionable if its worth $5 a piece ($10 for an order of 2 pieces). The ramen was served pretty fast right after the pork buns. The noodles itself was nothing special in my opinion and seemed like typical asian noodles you get in chinese restaurants. The broth was tasty, similar to miso soup, but not as meaty and flavorful as Ippudo's or Totto's. The toppings is what redeemed it though. It was served fresh, the pork was good, the soft poached egg was nice and runny, and everything else was ok. Two of my friends ordered the skirt steak entree ($18), but was severely disappointed by the size since they were hungry as hell coming to the place. Overall, this place is filled with a lot of hipsters and yuppies, which is the reason why Momofuku gets so much hype and is overppriced. The pork buns is probably the best thing in this place, but even that is pricy. The ramen is ok, but Ippudo and Totto is better and more filling. But, if you really want to try it out, it worth only going once.
Wow buns were as good as always but what surprised me was the cold noodle dish. It was great - spicy and tasty.
I am perplexed at the rating..... the ramen... 1- star.... the pork buns ... 5 star... the price.... 0 stars... i'm from LA. J-town has the best ramen... period.. momofuku is WAY over-rated as far as the japanese style noodles go... but the pork buns! OH! the pork buns! RIDICULOUS! oh my my my... addictingly ridiculous! the sweet, slightly salty and incredibly savory buns stuffed with juicy pork are unbelievable! BUT and a big BUT... at $9 for a pair of the buns?! are you joking?! RIDICULOUS!
I LOVE the ramen and pork buns here and I'm a huge David Chang fan but I waited the month to get the $120 fried chicken for my birthday and was so disappointed. I even asked the waitress if they prepared it special to make myself feel better about it and she said no, it's really just all about the hype of other people seeing it. WHAT? I was really sad about this
Unclear why people line up for Momofuku Noodle Bar, especially in a neighborhood like the East Village filled with superior ramen restaurants. A friend and I visited at 8pm on Sunday night, waited patiently for 25 minutes despite a fairly vacant-eyed yet abrasive hostess, and eagerly ordered our pork buns and Momofuku Ramen from our prime seats at the bar. Verdict: terrible, just terrible. The pork buns were mediocre at best: although the meat was tender and well-cooked, it lacked any sauce or seasoning, resulting in a unfortunate lump of bland pork belly meat and cucumbers (huh?). From other Yelp reviews, I hear that there should have been other toppings in the bun, but mine were nowhere to be found. Having heard that the buns were superior to Ippudo's, my friend and I spent awhile puzzling over the disappointment before our noodles finally arrived. The broth was too salty and one of worst ramen broths that I've ever had. The pork meat was stringy and hard, and the poached egg added nothing to the dish. To be honest, I have had better 30 cent ramen at home. Would not recommend, will never go back.
After two bites of Momofuku's ramen I put it on blast on Facebook--Momofuku's ramen is the best I've ever had! After some consideration, I'll amend my statement, and say in terms of less authentic/more fusion fare, Momofuku's ramen is the best! What's not to love?! Pork shoulder--tender and succulent and not too salty. Pork belly--tender, succulent, and is it me or not so fatty. Noodles were perfectly cooked, nice bite and flavor. Soup wasn't overwhelming in flavor, more the soy sauce variety. Seaweed salad and dried seaweed were nice accompaniments, as well. I finished the entire bowl, completely satisfied. The chicken wings were pretty awesome, too. Not your typical soy sauce chicken or fried wings...more of hybrid with a little heat. Mmmmmm! Only wished the order was larger. We skipped on dessert, but only because we were going to the Momofuku Milk Bar just blocks away. Momofuku has so much going for it. Love the very modern, simple sleek decor. Servers were friendly and efficient. They offered great suggestions, water glass was constantly filled and when I wasn't looking, my sake glass, as well (ordered a carafe). Prices are fair. Best for small groups, though, looks like the can accommodate large ones, too. Expect a wait, but know it's well worth it! Will dine here again during my next visit, and recommend it to all! Asian fusion done right!!
We had a 30 minute wait for 2 on a Friday night. Not bad since we got to sip on the lychee and yuzu palmer slushies while waiting for our seats. The yuzu palmer one is more tangy and sophisticated tasting while the lychee one is sweet and a bit dangerous if you know what I mean. The pork buns were dripping, excuse me, LEAKING fat and oil. I mean this in a good way. Just remember to roll up your sleeves if you're going to use your hands to eat. So, so good. The perfect appetizer! I dunno if the pork buns are better here or at Ippudo... both are equally delicious. Shared a chicken tamale. Probably the weakest item. It was good, but I would never recommend this as it is not unique in the least and you can use that $3 to buy some cookies at Milk Bar a block away. The Momofuku ramen was definitely the main course. Big enough to share if you're interested in trying other foods. It comes with pork shoulder, pork belly, bamboo shoots, and a poached egg. The egg is far too runny for my tastes.. I like semi-boiled ones in ramen! When I bit into it, I felt like I was just drinking egg and ramen broth. The noodles are crinkly and wonderfully textured. The broth is good. The pork shoulder is fantastic, as is the pork belly. On top of the pork buns, though, the pork belly in the ramen was a bit overkill. I think Momofuku is a must try for anyone coming from out of town, but if I was a local I probably wouldn't come here very often. Too crowded and expensive for what it is.
Went for lunch on New Year's day. They had a reduced menu that day, which still had most of the popular dishes, so that was ok. Was there at 2pm, and waited for around 20 minutes. Queue got increasingly longer after us, which was surprising (to me). The service was a little haphazard (could see that as we were sitting at the counter). Pork buns were very good. My Momofuku ramen was good, though my brother complained that his chicken ramen was too salty to the point of being unpleasant.
I visited Momofuku on a recent visit to Manhattan.   This is definitely not a place I would have selected, much less found, on my own.  My buddy Mike, an old friend from high school, lives in the City and he recommended Momofuku for lunch. As you may have read elsewhere in the reviews here, the restaurant is small and not particularly comfortable.  We ate there at around 1pm on a Thursday so the place was not crowded at all.  I ordered the steamed shiitake buns and the ginger scallion noodles, and my friend ordered the steamed chicken buns and the ramen. The steamed shittake buns included two very tasty pieces - seasoned and tasty mushrooms on a biscuit shaped doughy bun.  The ginger scallion noodles came as a generous portion and the food was very flavorful.   All in all, the portions were very reasonable and the food was very tasty.
So much has been said about Momofuku Noodle Bar. Like many people, my wife and I found the signature ramen soup to be too salty; it was rich and satisfying, but definitely not the sort of dish I would crave with any regularity due to the salt content. That's unfortunate because the texture of the noodles was absolutely perfect. We also had the steamed buns, which are just as good as everyone says, but they are also quite expensive for the serving size. With respect to the wait, we went on a Saturday for lunch and were seated in about 15 minutes -- it was packed, but people were moving. Service was prompt and friendly. All in all, it was an interesting experience, but I expect it will be a long time (if ever) before we go back.
Disappointing.  Never will I waste my time and money here again.  If you want to spend this much money on ramen, go to Ippudo.  If it's packed there go to Minca.  Even Kuboya next door or the new comer Misoya has better ramen than this.  Broth tasted artificial, ramen undercooked...  And the pork buns?  Meat was dry.  Hoisin sauce too sweet.  Bleh.  Maybe the people who gave this place more than 2 stars had other dishes, but just based on their signature ramen and buns, this place gets 1 star for just being edible.
I think I came here a total of 3 times. As I've been trying many different ramen places, coming back to this place to have their ramen was a little disappointing. Their ramen wasn't jaw dropping amazing and it was actually pretty darn salty for my taste. However, I have to give props to their pork buns and their chicken wings which are decent. The prices are also a little bit much for a bowl of ramen and they usually have a long wait. With all this to consider, I'm giving it a 3 outta 5.
Great food! The best broth.
Skip the Ramen, order the buns!  I had the Shiitake Mushroom buns, and a taste of the pork bun as well.  My friends also had the Shrimp bun and said it was their favorite.  I absolutely LOVED the Shiitake Mushroom buns and the pork buns were delicious.  I've been craving them ever since I got back from New York...I tried finding a place like this in the Bay Area with no luck. I also had the pork belly ramen which was also yummy, but for me it did not compare to those buns.  I WANT MORE!  All in all, this was my favorite taste of New York.   I would go back just for these if I could!
This place is WAY WAY over hyped, the momofuku noodles were okay, not mind blowing and the pork buns everyone is talking that are SO SO amazing ARE NOT, I've had way better pork buns that are way cheaper. We had one of their specials of the day Smoke chicken wings ! Omg are you F**king kidding me it was SAD!!!!!!!!!! you can taste the smoky flavour but pouring reduced soya sauce or black soya sauce cannot count for creativity and that's what David Chang is know for right? Everything was a little to salty and the service was just ok.
Five star for the pork buns and two for the ramen and captain crunch rolled desert thing.  Pork bums were awesome and lives up to the hype,  ramen was overly smokey and not balanced.
The scallops were seemingly in a ceviche style and it was just downright orgasmic The pork buns, my gf wasn't wowed by it(then again she doesn't like cucumbers--so taking them out was probably why)--but I thought they were stunningly delicious. The textures of the pork with the buns along with the crisp addition of the veg in it was just amazing (and a dash of siracha helped) The chilled spicy noodles...what can I say about that dish.... I'm not one to be shy around spicy foods and man..this dish had me working up a sweat. The caramelized/candied cashews along with the fresh spinach added such a beautifully delicious spin on the dish (and helped make the spice bearable). Oddly enough, this was one of those painfully good dishes. In terms of flavor, if you just eat the noodles alone--it can seem a bit bland(though some may not be able to discern if that is because their taste buds burned off) but when eaten all together...if you can handle spicy food, order yourself a beer and have at it~! The only con is that if you're not there early--seating seems to be a nightmare. I would recommend this over ssam bar any day.
So, ok... how does one give a unique rating on a place like Momofuku? As pretty much anyone and everyone who's eaten there can tell you - the pork buns are the most amazing pork buns in the whole wide world. Seriously. The momofuku ramen has that special homemade-quality loveliness that makes you feel loved. But, my favorite is the chilled spicy noodles. I dream about these things! I have tried numerous times to replicate it at home, and failed each and every time. (However, please note that my failure still tasted damn good.) The service is quite nice. They keep an eye on you, but don't bug you. Always friendly and smiling, even when uber-busy. If you're alone or a party of two you have a better chance of getting seated fast. If you get your pick, I'd suggest sitting at the bar in the back so you can watch the cooks in action... it's really an amazing scene.
The amazing soju watermelon lemonade. Just amazing. For all the days that my hubby and I were staying in NYC, we tried to book reservations at Ko but was not successful. It's no joke when trying to make reservations online for that restaurant. So we opted for the Noodle Bar. Good thing we did! My hubby and I ordered the shitaki buns, roasted corn, duck breast with pickled cantaloupe, chilled spicy noodles, and three of the amazing soju watermelon lemonade (it was 90+ degrees and we just walked the Brooklyn Bridge!). Everything was delicious! Plus, they gave us complimentary pork buns. Excellent food + excellent service. Just EXCELLENT. Now, the Noodle Bar is on our must list whenever we are in NYC. Oh yeah, we also visited the Milk Bar/Bakery and got the cornflake marshmallow chocolate chip cookies...heavenly sweet, tooth aching goodness.
Chilled spicy noodles is awesome. The flavor is unique and I never had any noodles like that..... so tasty. The texture of the noodle is perfect. Definitely worth a try. Ramen is good, but average.
More or less ordered many of the recommended dishes from here. I had the Momofuku Ramen, the Pork Belly Buns, and that calamari (?) dish. Upon entering this place, I could see it was filled to the brim with people, but fortunately, there was room to squeeze my cousin and I onto a table. We started off with the...calamari dish? I don't remember much about it, I know it included some avocado and tortilla chips. Pretty odd combination, but I enjoyed it. The pork buns however were absolutely amazing. I don't think I've had any Chinese versions that were comparable back on the west coast. As for the ramen, it was fairly enjoyable and I love the portion. I guess the noodles were cooked "al dente", pretty chewy but my favorite part of the whole thing definitely has to be the poached egg. I'd recommend trying.
Pork bun!  Cheap good food. Literal hole in the wall, but great food.
FIrst time going to a noodle bar and Momofuku will for sure be getting my business again. It was a really cool place to sit down and watch your food being cooked at the bar. The Prixe Fixe is a great deal as you get a lot of food for your money. The buns (chicken or pork) were AMAZING and the Momofuku Ramen was ridiculously good. It has a little bit of everything and it's nice that the menu changes daily. I recommend this restaurant to all.
Pork buns: YES Ramen: ehhhhh, go to Ippudo instead. Momofuku is always bursting at the seams with people, all of whom seem to ignore the B health inspector's rating in the name of trendy ramen. The restaurant has an open kitchen layout, with a section of regular tables and a large, semi-communal high top table section. The menu is fairly straightforward and pretty sparse, with a handful of ramen varieties, four kinds of buns, and a handful of other miscellanea (cookies, kimchi). Just getting in is an uphill battle - I walk past the store often and I've never seen it without a mob of plaid-claid, fashionable Manhattanites trying to claw their way past the hostess. They have the texting system where you put down your number, and it texts you when your time is up - sometimes more than 90 minutes if you're particularly unlucky. The staff aren't always efficient at managing the hungry hordes, but you can definitely tell they are trying their best. Having eating at both the Momofuki in NYC and Toronto, I really don't think the ramen is worth waiting in line for. The noodles aren't very consistent, and the broth just isn't that flavorful - it's not really bad, but it definitely is middle of the line in terms of ramen. Of the big NYC noodle-houses, I definitely prefer Ippudo to Momofuku. HOWEVER, the pork buns here (as I'm sure you've all heard) are literally made of heaven. And by heaven I definitely mean pure fat. If grease and chunks of fat gross you out, these pork buns will probably make you throw up. If you, like me, scorn lean meat in the name of soft, slow cooked fat, then these pork buns are for you. At ~9$ for two they're pretty pricey (especially considering Jummum down the block sells them for half as much) but so artery-cloggingly delicious. I'm pretty sure one of my pork buns didn't have any lean meat on it, and it literally just melted in my mouth. PROTIP - don't bother fighting your way to a table. Get pork buns to go - skip the hour line, because takeout is only 10 minutes.
I made reservations to try the fried chicken dinner last night, we had four people and it was unanimous... We were all pretty disappointed in it... The southern style chicken was juicy, however the flavor was really only of old bay and the crunchy skin... it was more like hard crust... The Korean chicken was just some gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) slathered on and sprinkled with sesame seeds. Hard to justify paying $125 for it... Though we went for the chicken we had to try some of the other goodies - ramen (pretty good, but the broth was a bit on the salty side), pork buns (tasty but nothing I hadn't had elsewhere), cucumber salad (was fine, but very small), spicy rice cakes (this was my favorite, they crisp up the rice cakes before they toss it in the gochujang sauce), pb and strawberry sweet cracker ice cream ( I thought this was good, I like the salty/sweet contrast - the rest of my party didn't like it), ritz cookie (chewy, sweet and buttery). Likely I wouldn't go back for the fried chicken dinner, but I would go back for some of the other items we had. BTW I got there at 5:30PM and by 6PM the place was pretty packed. When I left at 7ish there was a line out the door so plan accordingly.
If you want to imagine what overly hyped ramen would look like then don't waste your time and take a gander at Momofuku Noodle Bar. A good number of my friends raved about this place advising me to get the Momofuku Ramen and the infamous steamed pork buns. I actually wanted to eat at Ippudo but we decided to give this place a chance. We picked a perfect day to check this place out. It was raining outside and the temperature was low enough to warrant coats and boots. We just beat the rush because the wait behind us went out the door. The menu is very short and straightforward. It shouldn't take anyone long to decide what to get. They have a few margarita machines to make their soju slushies. I just had to get myself one. We started with the lychee soju slushie and the duck confit salad. The lychee soju slushie was surprisingly strong and served with what looked like a boba straw. Very cute touch. I could feel my cheeks getting hot from the soju. The duck confit salad was served with a side of marinated radicchio and a grapefruit sauce and the duck was topped with an egg yolk. A little too rough but still tasty nonetheless. Our serving of the steamed pork buns came out next. Quick side note: They did a great job at timing our dishes. The pork was super fatty and juicy. Each time I took a bite I could feel the juice trickling down my chin. The buns were so soft and spongy. Definitely the best part of the meal. I was pretty much satisfied by then but the Momofuku Ramen came out. It's served in a sizeable bowl and the ramen portion was perfect. It comes with slices of bamboo, dried seaweed, pork belly, pork shoulder, and a poached egg. Something was missing and I couldn't put my finger on it. Was it the saltyness or the flavor? Aside from it being salty the ramen was missing some flavor! I wanted to ask for some hot sauce to give the soup a bit of something but decided against it so I sat there and forced myself to eat at least half of it. The Momofuku Noodle Bar experience ended with the soft serve ice cream twist. Olive oil and pickled cherry? The combination was out of the norm so we wanted to give it a whirl. I don't know how they did it but it really tasted like olive oil and pickled cherry. The taste was so odd we didn't know if we should love it or hate it. Final answer? Loved it only because of the lovely granola bits and other sweet treats at the bottom.
After a month's of hard work, finally got the reservation for their chicken dinner. A group of 8 of us.  The only appetizer we ordered were the pork buns.  Those were EXCELLENT.  I gave this restaurant a 4 star purely based on those.  They came piping hot.  If you're not careful, you could burn your tongue.  The pork was very tender and flavorful.  The bun they used wasn't too thick.  Only complaint was that it lacked sauce.  I had to add oyster sauce to it.  It was very good though. The main course was the chicken made two ways.  You can read all about that on their FAQ.  I preferred the korean style.  The chicken was less dry and I preferred the spices.  All the side sauces (5 in total) complemented the chicken nicely.  My favorite was the garlic/green onion sauce, it complemented the korean style chicken the best.  The chili pepper with soy sauce was very good as well.  I think it complemented the southern style chicken the best.  The rest of the sauces I didn't care for.  The vegetables that they give you to wrap your chicken with were fresh.  Unlimited refills, I think we went through 4 bowls of vegetables.  If I had only tried the chicken at this place, I probably would have given it 3 stars.  But the buns added the extra umph that this rating needed. Even though the place was busy, service was excellent.  Hostess was kind enough to go outside to call my party in.  Water was always filled, never really had to ask for a refill on water.   Only big complaint about this place was I couldn't find any place to hang our coats.  Especially when your eating finger foods, I want a place to hang my coat.  It may sound trivial, but I was quite annoyed by this.  I will recommend just coming here when it's not winter so you don't have to deal with this coat issue.   I will have to come back here one more time to try their noodles.  As for now, I do recommend trying their chicken dinner once.
hmm...torn between 3 and 4 stars. Let me first say that ramen holds a dear spot in my heart, as do all Asian noodle soups, since it's total comfort food for me. I was also in town from LA, which is like Asian food Mecca, so they have some high standards to live up to. My cousin and I split two ramen dishes, one was the lobster special and the other was pork tendon. My cousin loved the lobster dish but I found it to be too bland and a bit uninspired. There were good bits to it, but overall a little flat for me. The tendon however, was AWESOME. The tendon preparation is simply delicious, and I am a girl who likes her tendon. It was almost a mindf**ck experience, as the tendon was smoked and seasoned with a decidedly Spanish/Mexican profile to my palate, which coupled with ramen was like, wtf? but totally delish. I could eat that every day and be happy. The pickled watermelon was also a nice addition. We also ordered the pork buns which were good, but perhaps didn't quite live up to the hype. Still, I could eat one every day and be happy. :) Not a fan of the watered down siracha though, give it to me straight! Overall, a decent meal, albeit a bit pricey for what you get and not quite living up to the hype. On the upside we didn't have to wait for a seat, and service was good. As much as I want to love and support David Chang, If I'm ever in the mood for ramen in NYC, I probably would go elsewhere.
Glorious.  Had been hearing local Chicago comparisons to Urban Belly and knew we needed to make a field trip while in New York yesterday.  The shiitake steamed buns were amazing.  Sweet, subtly vinegar plum sauce against thin cucumbers and a soft pillow of a toothsome bun. It turned out to be the forebear of things to come.   Highly recommend the house ramen, as previously noted, with pork belly and a poached egg. Noodles in what is essentially bacon broth.  We like ours with a little spice and were not disappointed.  The portion was more than enough to share for lunch.  Our share also afforded us a side of the sweet corn.  While everything was delicious, this was perfect. Sweet, firm corn with pan-fried potatoes and tarragon, green onions. Seasonal and an idea accompaniment to the rich noodle soup. The waitstaff was pleasant and prompt, not at all overbearing nor absent. We also appreciated the RC Cola as a fresh change from our Diet Coke addictions.  Forgot about that stuff!
After waiting close to 45 minutes on a friday night, I was at least hoping for some delicious noodles (my friends had been to momofuku a few times before and bragged about the place. The place is tiny, and you end up seated either at the bar (where everyone waiting bumps into your back) or at tiny little tables shared with strangers (while everyone waiting stares at you eat). Definitely not recommended as a date place, but on to the food. The keyword from everything I ate was SALT. Granted I know ramen type noodles are supposed to be a bit salty, but this even beats out the sodium level in the cheap packages. At $15 for a noodle bowl, the portions were not as large as I would have expected....even my friends complained that the food quality had gone way down and was very salty. Very small menu, definitely avoid if you are vegetarian.
I'd been hearing raves from everyone and their mom about this ramen place, so I decided that I had to check it out. For me, this place definitely did not live up to the hype, and the more I think about it, the less sure I am that I would return here. The ramen prices were reasonable, ranging from $12-$16 and while the pork buns looked delicious, I couldn't really get over the fact that it was $9 for two small ones. I feel like I could definitely find those pork puns in Chinatown for something along the lines of $3, if that. A lot of the dishes seemed interesting, with the Pan-Asian theme, so I might return to try those out if I'm in the neighborhooed in the future. I ordered the ginger scallion noodles and my friend ordered the Momofuku ramen. The noodles were cooked well, and there was an abundance of scallions in my noodles, but I couldn't really taste any ginger. My noodles were of the dry sort, without soup but there was a small amount of soup at the bottom of my boil to moisten the noodles I suppose, but the soup was way, way, way too salty. The best thing about ramen is sipping the fragrant broth, and this broth made me feel like I had just ingested a week's worth of sodium in one sip. My friend's Momofuku broth was the same way, only he had a lot more of it. His egg was perfectly poached though, and it looked pretty good. The sheets of nori that they gave were not very flavorful (not like the spicy/salty kind you can find in Asian grocers) and the whole experience was sort of underwhelming. The crowd seemed pretty hip, and the music was interesting, but I was more interested in the quality of the food. Honestly, this ramen place felt like it was catering too much towards the American palate with the overly salty soup and whole Pan-Asian theme. I was all set to give this place 3 stars, but after writing this out, I think I'll go with a 2, because why should I give a place where I don't enjoy the food anything better?
There was a long wait to even get seats here with a huge crowd of people waiting. The place is super small and place is crowded, making seating super tight and a bit claustrophobic.  My friends and I had to sit with random other people, which can be good for meeting people, but bad if you don't want random people in your space. The ramen was just ok and I've had better. With all the hype, I expected spectacular ramen!
The pork buns are good. I liked the sprouts too. The rest is pretty average.
I'm from LA. We already have good ramen that doesn't cost over $16. The ramen Momofuku was good but wasn't anything special. Combine that with the people, wait, and hype from being in Manhattan and it really adds up to something that had a lot to live up to in my book.
What can I say that hasn't been said before? It was fabulous as expected! I've been to another Momofuku before and had tried the pork bao then so couldn't wait to get my hands on them again. They were as mouthwateringly delicious as I remembered,and my 3 friends (who had never had them) loved them too. For me, the main event here was obvoiusly the ramen...I tried the traditionial momofuku ramen and it didn't disappoint. I know this place gets a lot of hype but I have to say this was some of the best ramen I've ever had so I can see why.  One of my friends ordered the chilled spicy noodles and those were sinful too -- although they're not lying about the 'spicy' on that one! I will definitely be back.. and just a tip, they told us 1 hour+ wait at 6pm on a Saturday when we put our name in but we only waited like 35 mins so it might not be as bad as it sounds. ;-)
It was exensive for ramen....even though ippudo has a nicer atmosphere this place def I think had better food for the noodle bar. I like the romen they had and even though it was overpriced I thought the pork quality was better than ippudo and other places by a long shot. They really should give you more pork buns for the amt you pay for  blehhh. The spicy rice cakes were also really good and I can see why people would order that over and over again as it complimented the other appeitizers and also gave your taste buds a little kick before eating the ramen. The bathroom area sucked since I had to get out of my seat move my coat and purse to let someone else out and they were on a date and people were just moving around like they were in a filled parking lot with too little space.
Momofuku is a really unique experience. I LOVE Japanese food, and I was inspired to see how the chefs took nods from other styles of cuisines and mixed them so beautifully with the asian food elements. Namely, the tamales. Who would have ever thought kimchi made a good tamale filling? I don't even like kimchi! The ramen was also very tasty. But I think my favorite thing we had was the pork buns. The meat was so tender and perfectly seasoned. And the bread surrounding them was heavenly! Got there about 20 minutes before they opened and still had to wait in line to get in! There were about 15 people ahead of us, but when the doors opened, we were all able to be seated immediately. Definitely a 'hip' NY experience that I'm glad to have had.
This place is always packed and I don't understand why. Sad to say that I've had better ramen. Came here on a lunch break with couple of coworkers. All of them agreed that the soup was just luke warm. They probably do that so you can eat your noodles quickly and get the BLEEP out in order to seat the waiting customers. And you do, cause your soup is getting colder by the second! The noodles just made it to cooked. I personally like them medium, but everyone has their own preference. I ordered the spicy chicken ramen. It was flavorful and not spicy.
Food: Big disappointment. Started with the oysters. Small, uninspiring, and tasted the same. Oh noes... what's wrong with it tasting the same? It's wrong, when you order 3 different types of oysters n they all taste the same. The ramen is way too salty and doesn't stand out compared to other ramens across the country, not even bringing up the ones in Asia. If there was a blind taste test I bet no one can make a good educated guess as which one is Momofuku's ramen. There is not a unique taste that can be singly defined as Momofuku's own. This is where I felt let down after most of the raving reviews and recommendations that I've heard and read. Drink: Different Japanese beers and Lagunitas IPA when I was there. Service/Crowd/Ambiance:  First we had to wait 2 hours, I don't mind that part if the food was great. But since everything disappointed me, that 2 hours was just a complete waste of time that I can never have back. This is one of the few times where I can say I have not liked a restaurant after waiting more than 1.5 hours. Sure there has to be hype for that many people to show up at once, but hype usually comes from good, solid substance, and in the case of a restaurant it would be good food. Too busy to receive any service besides getting your food. Tight quarters but surprisingly spacious enough to maneuver your arms enough to eat some ramen. Walking is a different story as you will bump into other people.
I took a look at Chang's cookbook, and was impressed with his innovatie approach and his love for Korean & Japanese cuisine, and, well, I love ramen. Having lived in Kyoto before I dearly miss the flavor...and I know I shouldn't compare (heck, it's Kyoto!), but the tonkotsu ramen at Momofuku was not impressive. Don't take me wrong - it was still very good. The broth was a tad too salty, and the pork didn't impress. My current ranking (in ascending order) is Momofuku Noodle Bar - Ippudou NY - Ippudou Kyoto :) Oh and the steam bun was really nice as well, but...I've had better at other dim sum places (albeit in Sai Gon & Shanghai). It's a solid restaurant, but somewhat overhyped.
i would definitely give it 4 stars, but the price?!?!?! yeah, it's NY, but still... $16 for ramen seems a bit steep. the pork buns are DELICIOUS... devoured within seconds, i've been told not to deal with the other kinds, just to stick with the pork.   pickle jar - yes, it's $3, but we all thought it was SO worth it. the kimchi - eh.... kinda sweet, really salty and SMALL ASS PORTIONS.. c'mon! it's KIMCHI! the lychee soda was DELICIOUS, they make it themselves.  there's a strawberry beer or something that's supposedly SO good it tastes kind of like a milkshake. our server was awesome, it was loud as hell, but still, the food was SO good (and i'm not a ramen girl). bring down the price and i'll go back.... $160 for 4 people seems a bit steep for ramen, y'know?
i LOVED this place. Amazing atmosphere. So different and food was delicious. Cold or hot noodles. Fingerling potatoes were good. I can't remember right now what else we ordered but it was ALL amazing. As for dessert, I did not like it [we tried the pretzel ball? and some ice cream I think], but the food and everything else makes up for it.
Momofuku is one of the coolest restaurants I've ever been too.  Excellent unique menu, super hip atmosphere.  Nice layout.  Understated from the outside, but then totally packed on the inside.  You could literally drive right by the place and not know it existed, but the place is buzzing on the inside.  A great example of the type of dining experience you can't get many places outside of NYC.
I went during lunch hours (around noon) on a week day and I was seated right away. The restaurant was pretty empty for how well known the place is! I got momofuku ramen. It came out pretty fast. The noodles were cooked perfectly; more eggy than I've had at other places. The poached egg in the middle is a great little addition to the ramen soup. Of course, pork is braised until perfectly tender and the ramen soup was very flavorful. To be honest, it was a little too salty for my taste, but still, I could totally believe that the soup is made from boiling bones and meat for a long time from just looking at the color of the soup! I would have liked some more toppings - like bamboo shoots - to go with Ramen, especially given it's $16. But it was worth giving a try, and the soup definitely stands out compared to other (well-known) Ramen places.
I debated giving this place two stars, because truth be told i've definitely had better ramen. I'm a little disappointed, given the celebrity David Chang's name has. The wait was one hour long. The place is super cramped. The pork buns were good but there was barely any meat- it was all fat! And for a ridiculous $10+ you only get two?! The ramen was also way too expensive. Don't let the giant ramen bowls fool you with the portions. The portions are average to below average, and it was way oversalted and heavy. The flavor wasn't authentic in the least. Overall, it IS good food! It's good for what it is, but not good for what it should be. Ippudo was infinitely better. Two ramens and a pork bun and one beer = $52 before tip. Yikes.
I just don't get it. I know that the parent place has Michelin stars.  But, I just don't get it...!! To me, it's Asian food for non-Asian people, executed in an average way.  It actually makes me a little nutty that so many people love this place and ask me what I think. Let's talk about why... Point 1, the seating. It's just not comfortable. I dont' get it. How did a Michelin rated parent miss that.  It's been a while, but Still remember sitting on a stool-like seat that wasn't even particularly cool or kitschy.  Just a backless stool. Point 2, Overall taste, Average Average Average.  Who is rating this place?  Have you never gone to an Asian fusion restaurant before?  perhaps there is a little extra creativity, but let's talk about that in point 3 Point 3, really?!?!?...are you using the generic white buns that we use as a last resort in China when we run out of homemade shells for Peking duck and calling it a bun?  Seriously...?!?  You could only possibly convince a non-Chinese person that that should get over 3 stars.  That's nuts!  oh and... Point 4, Ramen... I can't even talk about it.  This ramen does not even make my "search for the best noodles list... "  It's average.  I cannot have another discussion on the possibility of it being included in my search for the best noodles list. Word on the street is that when it opened it was good, but definitely not now.... Point 5, affordable, but in this area, just too many choices that are better in taste and lower in price... Try it if you want to be able to vent along with me, otherwise, pass and just pay up for the main restaurant.... at least you get the ability to brag about trying a michelin star restaurant with MomoFuku Ko. Oh...service is good though. Props to the staff.  This place could be 3 stars, but because of the hype, I got to doc it a star.
Place is large, but even at New York, I've never ever seen so many people lining up and then seating, standing, waiting in a restaurant. Momofuku is ridiculously popular. The pork bun was ridiculous - they give you TONS of meat and the sauce was amazing. Momofuku ramen, the broth was very salty but mostly just soy sauce based; noodle was exceptional, on the other hand. They do have a lot of other appetizers such as tartare, and I would like to try the Kimchi Ramen next time. (ppl seating next to me both ordered that dish, which looks soooo delish. ) Wish I have a larger stomach when I dine at Momofuku! The decor here is minimalism, pretty modern. But given the amount people there, expect the ambiance to be extremely noisy. If you simply go there for food instead of social or relaxation, definitely worth to give it a try. Just be prepared to line up with patience.
Finally got around to go to Momofuku Noodle Bar today with my cousin. Heard great things about the pork buns here so was expecting a delicious meal. HOWEVER, was very disappointed with the food and the price tag associated with it. I've been to Ippudo, Totto Ramen, and Menkui Tei already so I have a basis for comparison. Pork buns - too greasy, not enough flavor Yes, there is a lot of fat, but the fat really just melts in your mouth and disappears so you're really just drinking the fat. I think when you can actually get a bite with the fat, lean, sauce, and the pancake it's really good, but the overall design of the pork bun is just not very effective. Half the time you are chomping away on raw fat with no other flavors while the rest of your prok bun is slipping out onto your plate from the grease and you end up having to assemble it again. At $5 a pop, these aren't cheap and aren't as tasty as the ones from Totto Ramen. Momofuku Ramen - broth was horrible, tasted bitter I like the combination with shredded pork shoulder and pork belly, but the broth has got to be improved. It left a bitter aftertaste and there wasn't really any hearty broth feeling. I like the egg in here as opposed to the usual soy-sauce boiled half-egg other places give you. For those that do not like runny yolks, this is not the egg for you! The noodles themselves were good, a bit too much on the chewy side for my taste though, there were some strands that I bit into that were not cooked through and had the white flour center. The price for 1 order of pork buns (comes with 2) and 2 orders of Momofuku Ramen = ~36 (gulp!) I wouldn't have minded this price if the ramen was better and the bowl actually came out steaming. The soup was (at best) very warm and didn't give me that good warm feeling I like to have when I eat ramen on a cold day. Plus the grease that was sloshing around in my stomach after the pork buns didn't make me feel very good either. I would not go back to this place, but for those that never been you still have to go just to try it.
Not having tried Ko yet, this is my favorite of David Chang's restaurants.  It really is worth every penny.  The ingredients procured for the ramen were amazing.  The broth is clean.  The pork is seriously BOMB!! That's what I love about this place - it really is simple foods but it's the preparation and the ingredients put together that make it so yummy. Next time we go, we're trying the kimchi jiggae.  We sat at the bar and were watching the staff make this over and over.  It didn't seem different than any kimchi jiggae we've had at a restaurant, or from the one we make at home, but I'm assuming the ingredients, the kimchi and broth are what make it good.
The noodles are OK. Prices are too high for what they are selling -- broth and flour (noodles). $15 for a bowl of ramen that costs them 2 cents to make? Only in New York baby. I also had their $100 flat price chicken dinner which i reserved a month ahead. Eh. The southern fried chicken was too salty and the korean marinated spicy chicken was bland. Go to "Mad for Chicken" (formerly Bon Chon)  for $20. Save your money, I would say that this is the last time I'm going to Momofuku noodle bar and am not interested in the other momofuku chains either. No thanks David Chang.
I want to like Momofuku Noodle bc my foodie friends like it, but last night, on my second visit, everything was too salty!  I tasted random sea salt chunks in every dish.  We had the fois gras, potatoes, ramen, and the prixe frixe which was an asparagus salad/noodles/steak.  Each dish, with the exception of the salad and steak (steak was cooked perfectly medium rare), had teeny sea salt chunks randomly sprinkled on top.  Over salting is such a disappointment, because you can't taste the food!  The fois gras-you could still tell it was good regardless of oversalt.  The ramen bowl....that broth and noodle does not live up to Momofuku's reputation.  The potatoes?  Very, very sad that we pay a luxury price for salty dry potatoes covered in soysauce that is suitable for medieval peasant fare.
While waiting for a table at Ippudo, my friend and I walked by noodle bar. Had no idea it was where it was. Expected a lot because I really enjoy ssam bar and also love the momofuku cookbook of changs. However, I was terribly disappointed in the buns. Two buns for ten dollars?? Umm the bun is very high quality and made in house but cmon. One slice of cucumber and a few pieces of scallion with hoison sauce? Being a professional cook, I know how cheap pork belly is/can be and I know how time consuming waiting for yeast to rise and rolling out dough can be... but I've done it at my restaurant, I've seen it done, and there's definitely a lot of down time while shit is rising. They give a generous portion of pork (which is delicious and juicy/fatty) but there isnt enough depth to the two to three bites of  the bun. Fresh herbs, more cucumber. Some more balance or another bun would have made it much better. I expected a lot.  Didnt meet expectations at all. Fried oyster bun was decent. Pickled celery was crisp and refreshing. The country style pate? Had slightly better flavor than spam. Fig and carrot and romaine salad... And three crappy hard croutons. ... Rethink this special. I like that it was made in house (I'd HOPE), but ... Ugh... Ramen! had great texture, broth had good flavor. Sous vide egg was perfect as it should be... Saved the experience. I know everyone LOVES this pork bun, but being chinese.and a professional cook, I know there is much better. Add damn mint or cilantro. Damn acid. I know everyone LOVES the pork buns, but seriously... Ramen was good. Need to try Ippudo, though.
Great ramen with portions large enough to share. The chicken, pork, and shiitake buns are incredible and I will go back just for those. The space is small. Try and get seated at the large tables near the front if you want to avoid the bright lights of the kitchen.
I went in on a Thursday at around 7pm. There was a line out the door and it was really busy for a rainy day. We waited around 30-40 minutes to be seated. Very small place, with limited seating and room. However it does have a nice, cozy ambiance. Food was pretty good. I tried the pork dumplings and spicy ramen and they were both really tasty. The food is a bit over priced but nothing too crazy. Didn't give it 5 stars because although the food is good it's not AMAZING.
Simply incredible. Very unique miso! I loved all the toppings and ingredients! I was initially disappointed when perusing the menu, that the miso didn't have my traditional favorites like corn. Howeverrrr, when that steaming, huge bowl of goodness came out, I stood corrected! David Chang knows what he's doing when he creates a dish! For the first time ever, I finished my bowl of ramen!
5 stars for a Mother fuckin' noodle bar? Hell yea bitches! After seeing David Chang on the Martha Stewart Show years back I knew that his place would be on my NYC eating hit list. I knew very little about him at the time. I got his Momofuku cookbook as a birthday gift shortly after arriving in town. Read up on him and BAM.. thus begins my obsession. I admit, I am half azn and I hardly ever eat ramen or rice *GASP*. I know that's like saying azn's suck at math. Which I also do. I know I'm an enigma..but I digress. Let's go forth on my awesome review. We walked up around 2pm for a late lunch the place was packed but we only had to wait about 10 minutes. We got the best seat in the house in my opinion. At the bar, up front in center. I like to be up close and personal with the people who prepare my food. Plus they say some funny ass shit if you listen closely. Order up! PORK BUNS Tamale special Goat Ramen Spicy Chicken Ramen 5 Spice Chips Pickle Jar Brussel Sprouts Cold Spicy Noodles Soft Serve - Lemon/Ricotta Twist Highlights... The pork buns were amazingly fatty. If you like fat and I know you do fat-boy, then get it. Tender, succulent oozing pork belly. If you don't like fat then close your eyes and eat it because the flavor sensation is worth it! The bun itself made a perfectly soft happy bed for the pork. It was simply dressed with a hoisin sauce topped with scallion and cucumber. Spicy Chicken Ramen was tasty as well. I watched as they seared the chicken on the flattop making it golden and giving it lush caramelized flavor. Cold Spicy Noodles...holy shit. I have to admit this was the last thing I ordered only because there was so much food already. Something about this spoke to me. I always follow my gut. It nagged, begged, & pleaded, so I gave in and ordered it. BEST DECISION EVER. Everyone around me had food envy. The cold slightly chewy ramen noodles sat in a puddle of hot chili oil soaking up it's fiery goodness. Up top of this was a heaping mound of crumbled sichuan spiced sausage, candied cashews, and fresh spinach. See where this is going?...hot, cold, sweet, savory, crunchy, chewy, YES, PLEASE, MORE. I thought about this bowl days after having it. Like a whore with her first smoke of crack. I knew it was a winner when I saw 6 to go orders of it being built in front of me. It's not super hot, it's a nice rolling heat. Though note, if you do order this you won't be able to taste much after a while so try all the other dishes before this one. Cheer's to David Chang and his lucky peach.
Was told the wait was an hour and then a few seconds later, literally, overheard the wait was 45 minutes to the people behind us.  Surprisingly we got seats in about less than 10 minutes.  I have no idea how. Ramen was a bit on the salty side, but portions were reasonable.  Wasn't all that great in general though, sadly. HOWEVER, Pork Buns. Pork Buns. Pork Buns.  And Shiitake Buns. Shiitake Buns. Shiitake Buns.  Were. DELISH. I wish there were more than just two to an order of buns.  Two for $9 - $10 wasn't doing it for me.  Luckily, the buns were amazing, but I don't know if that's enough for me to go back.
I was walking down First Ave looking for a ramen shop and although I had heard of Momofuku, I didn't know it was anywhere near me (I blame my crusty old Blackberry - I can't use the Yelp app efficiently). I almost went inside a "50% off" sushi place with several ramen options. Good thing I decided to walk some more. The interior reminded me of Muji and Uniqlo. Clean, smooth and beautiful. I got the Momofuku ramen. I enjoyed every morsel of it. The broth was rich, the pork belly was creamy, the noodles had a nice bite (which I love) and the whole bowl exuded porky goodness. It was a bit salty though. But whatever, still good. Just a random thought, I realized that one of the saddest parts of a meal is when you realize that you're actually almost finished. My soup was on a critical level and I was frantically scavenging for some noodles with my overworked chopsticks. Alas, it took a great amount of self-control for me to not lick my bowl clean. One server asked me if I was still "working" on my food - which brings me to my next random thought. Servers who ask customers if they are still "working" on their meal is absolutely one of my pet peeves. No I am definitely not working on it, I'm either enjoying my meal or not. I'm a server and I never EVER ask my customers that. Anyway, I walked out of Momofuku slightly amused. I don't know why. The hustle and bustle of the place emanated some weird charm. I feel like I have to come back for their buns.
Simple yet delicious, always a great combination.  I didn't see anything really unusual or creative on the menu but what I ate was fantastic and thats always the way to go. I walked into Momofuku randomly on a Sunday night about a month ago while on Business in NY and have not been able to get the place off my mind since.  If you want to try this place do it soon, I just heard it reviewed on NPR in Los Angeles this past weekend so I cant imagine it will get any easier to get a table here.  I was lucky being a party of one.  All I can say is if you want to walk in here come hungry but not starving, be ready for a wait, but it definitely worth it! :)
To begin with, I'm not a big fan of noodles or fish.  I was dragged here by a dear friend.  We showed up to a huge line, but it moved quickly.  We were seated at cafeteria style table.  We ordered appetizers, beer, and each a bowl of noodles.   The pork buns were fantastik.  I liked some of the stuff in the pickle jar (my friends loved it).  The beer was good.  The noodles:  I had Chicken, Jeremy had the traditional raman, and our friend had Kimchi stew.  Mine noodles were hot and spicy with great chicken.  My friends loved their dishes too.  The service was exceptionally speedy and courteous.   Even though I am not a fan of the type of food, I would say they do it very well.  The service is wonderful.  My friends thought it was great.  I'd go again just for the experience.
I've spent some time thinking about my meal at Momofuku, The food it's self was excellent. Thanks to a chef friend of ours we managed to have a little bit of everything on the menu. A real treat. Delicious Scallop, amazing pork buns, buttery Foie Gras. It was all delicious. The ramen, while delicious, was the only let down as I've had better for much much less. I loved the decor here. The wooden look of the place was fantastic and wish more places where I lived had this type of look. I'm not quite sure if this place really lived up to the hype that had been set for me by the Momofuku brand and the prices were pretty high in my opinion, but this was one of the best food experiences I've had in a while. Delicious.
With everyone I discussed Momofuku Noodle Bar, I was told to to order the pork buns. Thank goodness I took the advice because pork belly has never melted in my mouth on a more joyous occasion. If you don't get anything else, get the pork buns. I also ordered the bowl with a soy egg and pork--it was delicious, but I was so sad that I couldn't finish the entire bowl. Word to the cheap: two people can share a bowl and still be satisfyingly stuffed!
Talk about over-hyped!! The broth was thin and lacked depth. It tasted like it was made quickly without much care or thought or love. It had a very one-dimensional taste that lacked flavour. To be quite honest, I thought it tasted like a weak beef/chicken broth infused with soy sauce. It was just awful!! To me, good ramen is all about the broth. If it's not good then you might as well be eating the instant stuff. They also were not very generous with the meat. Two measly slices of pork and if my memory serves me correct, half an egg. All this for 16$ plus tip. There are a ton of ramen places in East Village that are not nearly this expensive so save your money and avoid momofuku.
Momofuku Noodle Bar is a fun, bright, and lively place. With the right group of people and the restaurant's high-energy atmosphere, it's a great time. That said, the food was hit or miss. I came here with a group of friends for their large-format fried chicken dinner. It is two whole chickens prepared two ways: (1) southern fried with buttermilk and old bay seasoning; and (2) Korean triple fried with a spicy glaze. This was A LOT of fun. The super tender chicken was served with four different sauces, pancakes, bibb lettuce, and a bunch of different herbs. Mix and match as you please. And, boy did we. Tip: southern fried chicken with basil leaves = awesome. My only nit - the chicken was TOO well season. I never thought I would say that, but it was very salty. This is coming from a huge proponent of salt too. We also ordered a few other dishes: - Summer corn with bacon and miso butter: YUM-MMY. Super sweet corn, balanced with smoky bacon and miso. - Shrimp and grits: Well executed. Can't go wrong with that bacon. - Momofuku ramen: Flavor? Yes. Liberal application of salt? Also, yes. Overall, fun place. But, be prepared to drink a lot of water. I can still taste the salt.
I don't get the bad reviews. This place is fantastic. Sure--its loud, and the food comes quickly (we were in and out in an hour on a Wednesday night at 8pm), but every morsel of food that went in to my mouth was sincerely appreciated by all of my senses. First off: the pork buns? Absurd. So good. Just so damn good. The pork belly was cooked perfectly. It literally melted in your mouth. People who don't like these must not like good meat. Go eat a freakin McRib and stop with the bad reviews on these guys. They're divine. Secondly: the ramen? Great. I thought the Momofuku ramen and Spicy Miso were both delicious. Perfect flavor combos and not too salty at all. One order of pork buns, two ramen bowls, a beer and a glass of wine: $60. A little pricey for such a loud, fast service environment, but it was good, and I'd go back. Don't listen to the bad reviews: there's too many whiners in Yelp-land (which is why I try to make sure and write positive reviews as often as I can). Go here. Its worth it.
Dear Momofuku Noodle Bar, First of all, thanks for making me wait only 2 minutes when my friend and I came in today. He's Japanese and has never had ramen (I know, wha!??!), so out of the list of places I gave him, he chose you. I should have taken you off that list when I remembered that it was ramen that he was going to order. Why is it that every dish that has your broth is so salty that I feel as though you're trying to dehydrate me from the inside out? And the dishes that I've had without your broth, I find to be delicious? I've sampled the salty Momofuku Ramen - the noodles bear no complaints, but the broth, as mentioned above was sodium-laden. Tonight, the special was a David Chang chicken noodle soup. That too, was a bowl of salt with noodles. Fine fine, I finished it anyways (oink), but it was still super salty. Now, the pork buns - those, I would come back for. And the foie gras tonight? That saved your grace in my eyes. The slab of foie was served on pineapple with a celery root puree. Delicious! So long story short? If I visit your Noodle Bar again, David Chang, I wont be getting the namesake. My apologies! Love, Jenn the Carb Zombie P.S. What kind of place are you running that doesn't have hot tea (especially in the winter)?
I finally completed the Momofuku trifecta of Ko, Ssam, and Noodle bar. And to my expectations, Noodle Bar was the weakest of the three. Even so, this place is deserving of four stars and repeat visits. Let's start with the wait- It's not terrible, but you're not going to just walk in and sit down. We were told 45 minutes, went two doors down and had a glass of wine, and rolled back ready to be seated. Not bad. For apps, we got the shrimp buns and brisket buns. The shrimp wasn't what we expected- it was a rectangular shrimp "cake" meant to resemble the pork slices from a pork bun. It was delicious. The Brisket was even better; melt-in-your-mouth goodness with creamy horseradish. I could easily come here and just those brisket buns all night. In fact, I might do that. I had to get the Momofuku Ramen, the flagship dish. It was very good, but I'd hesitate to call it great. The broth was delicious and smooth, but the noodles were a bit sub-par. I prefer the noodles at nearby Soba-ya. We didn't have room for dessert, but my date thoroughly enjoyed her boozed-up soju creamsicle smoothie during dinner, a perfect drink on a hot night. If I were to come back here, I'd probably order the brisket buns, try the shiitake buns, and try one of the creative entrees from the seasonal menu; the ramen is fine, but there are just better and cheaper places in the city for noodles & broth, with a shorter wait.
Pork buns were as good as everyone says they are!  No more needs to be said on my part there :) We also tried the Momofuku ramen and the Ginger Scallion noodles.  The ramen was fine - different to traditional Japanese ramen which is to be expected.  If someone was buying a bowl for me, I'd happily eat it, but it didn't really wow me.  The Ginger Scallion noodles were kind of underwhelming - felt like something I could easily make at home.  Again, no wow-factor here. We also tried a roasted rice cake special - with prawns, mustard, lemon and herbs.  I thought it was delicious and definitely worth a try if it's on the menu. Service was friendly enough, and the 30 minute wait (we arrived at 5:30 on a Saturday night) was reasonable, I guess! More here:  notquiteedwards.com/blog…
Second visit, the first one resulting in a 45min wait for a party of 3 on a Monday evening; this time we were lucky, no wait for a party of 2 on a Friday! (and them being nice about our 3rd person joining us an hour later). Being the most boring myself, I ordered and made everyone order the same things: pork bun, and their Momofuku ramen. Still yummy, still will order those pork buns every single time I come here. Strongly recommended (that is, if the wait time is less than 15minutes).
I love pork. My boyfriend hated pork. Because I knew that we could never be truly compatible until we saw eye-to-eye on this meat, I was determined to change his mind. And I knew that if one place could do the job, it was Momofuku. So once upon a time, I ordered him my go-to: pork buns and pork belly ramen. One bite into the pork buns (aka: What Dreams Are Made Of), and the boyfriend had seen the error of his ways. After every last bite of ramen was finished, the boyfriend was a shiny, new convert. (Who now, might I add, asks to go to Momofuku every time we're in New York.) Thanks, David Chang, for making him see the light.
I would come back for the grilled octopus salad and the pork buns but not the ramen.
The egg in my ramen was cold. After reading the first issue of David Chang's food quarterly I was so excited to finally try his noodle bar. (Especially after I read the several page spread on the perfectly soft poached egg.) So when that egg was cold, I died a little inside.
came here last night post ippudo; damn 2 hour wait on a sunday night! blasphemy! servers were very attentive. friendly greeting, small space but comfortable & super clean bathrooms! ordered the shrimp buns (awesome!) momofuku ramen... noticeably good flavor, but its a chicken broth, i prefer pork broth instead. my friend had the spicy noodles, which were legit fire bombs - so if you like that flavor, i'd recommend it. coney island lager in the bottle. $56 check for 1 app, 2 bowls of ramen & 2 beers... not too bad.
I was here for lunch around 2:30 yesterday and the place was packed.  I was alone and seated up at the bar.  Another solo diner with whom I enjoyed great conversation and food sharing was seated next to me (if you're reading this, Hi Mike!).  Lucky peach. I came for the Momofuku ramen, got it, and loved it.  LOVED it!  I will be dreaming of the pork and perfect noodles until my next visit.  Unfortunately, I was not as impressed with the spicy cucumber I ordered off the summer lunch menu, with scallion, togarashi, almond.  It had so much potential, but was way oversalted. My new friend offered some bites of his shiitake buns which were enough to make me regret not ordering my own.  He also let me try his chilled spicy noodles that packed quite a punch but very flavorful.  He noted that it seemed a bit heavy for the middle of summer, though, with the sausage, spinach and cashews.
It was a hot day so my friend and I got the bibim neng myun. MISTAKKKEEEE. It wasn't even COLD, and it didn't taste like nengmyun. I DID NOT like it at all. why the 4 stars though? The wings we got, the steamed bun and the yuzu and the grape soju slushie was DELICIOUS though.
Ramen was never a favorite dish of mine. Reminds me of studying too hard in college and not having a normal eating schedule. Reminds me of living with two guys in college and realizing the only edible thing left in the entire house is a 39 cent packet of top ramen, and devouring it whilst nursing a massive hangover. This, sir, is not that ramen. This is the ambrosial ramen of some Shang-ri-la, where pork grease and salty soy come together in a tongue-coating fusion of pure deliciousness. The noodles are fantastic, the slices of pork are awesome, and the broth... oh the rich rich broth.... it's wonderful. The flavors that typify this restaurant are actually rather unique in that though the chef, David Chang, aspires to present the fruit of the knowledge he gleaned from his time working at ramen shops in Tokyo, the end product is not authentically Japanese. There are strong overtones of his culinary education - classical French (especially in his treatment of certain appetizers), and his background - Korean (noticeable in the flavoring of the ramen stock and appetizers such as the steamed pork buns and rice cakes). As a fellow Korean man, I find a certain predilection for David Chang's interpretation of ramen over the more authentic versions that one can find in a multitude of shops across Manhattan. I would heartily suggest any of the ramen choices. I would not, however, suggest the one vegetarian offering. I didn't choose it, but I had a taste. It was not good. The appetizers are pretty good overall, and the pork buns, despite being ridiculously overpriced, seem totally worth it when they're disintegrating in your mouth as you disgust everyone around with your lack of manners as you try and stuff one bun all in and you chew with your mouth open and moan in pleasure and try to convey your joy to your dinnermate as little flecks of succulent pork and fluffy bun and salted cucumber and bbq sauce rain down like some mystical, miniaturized and completely gross downpour of yellow-person manna. I swear I didn't do that. But you may.
I'm not really sure what else I can add other than the fact I enjoyed my meal here very much so!  I came here on a whim with several friends while walking through the east village.  We were fortunate enough to not have to deal with a long wait as that it only took about 15 minutes to seat all four of us.   I ordered the standard Momofuku Ramen with braised pork belly and a poached egg along with a creamsicle smoothie with soju.  The ramen itself was quite good.  I felt that the portion size was somewhat small compared to my friends orders, who all got cold noodles of some sort (cannot remember the name but they all enjoyed it).  But other than that I liked it.  The smoothie was also very good, however for the large size it was $10 for a smoothie!   Aside from that, I would come back.  I liked how they listed all the farms they get their ingredients from on a large chalkboard for everyone to see as well as the community seating style.  Definitely not a private experience but fun.  I look forward to coming back to NYC again to try the buns and other dishes!
Confession: I read that this place was recommended by Iron Chef Morimoto and that's why I went. Modernized ramen house with modernized prices and modernized setting. Very bright brown wood. Honestly, made me think of it as the place is made of giant chopsticks, color and texture. Ok, so the food. Went in for lunch and got 3 things. Lychee Soju. It was very good, served smoothie style, soju, ice, and lychee syrup. Tasty and refreshing. Chocolate chip cake truffle. Good, but entirely too rich. thick bite sized cookie dough rolled in truffle cocaine powder. Momofuku Ramen bowl. Huge bowl filled with soup, rice cake slices, seaweed, scallions, poached egg, shredded pork and a slab of pork belly. Good tasting broth and good ingredients. But this pork belly is out of this world. I've NEVER had pork fall apart like this. This pork belly is melt in your mouth and not in your hand. The fat just dissolves and covers you mouth in flavor. But you get a portion about the size of a dollar folded in half. My only gripe with it is.. Not enough pork belly. If you asked me if I would kill an innocent person for another slab of pork belly, I'd kill a family and ask for entire belly. No hesitation. But the price is really crap and that's why I took off a star. I mean I get it's New York, but it's still a bowl of ramen. It goes against the history of the food that ramen is not suppose to be for the higher ups, it's blue collar food. The bowl is worth at most 12$, even with that sinful pork belly. My suggestion: Do it once and brag to your friends. Just don't let them know you paid 16$ for a bowl of ramen.
3.5 STARS. Don't get me and my 3.5 stars wrong- I absolutely loved, loved, loved this place. I hail from SF, and came all the way to NYC to dine here after walking a talk by David Chang in the flesh when he came out to the Bay Area, but Noodle Bar isn't 5-star amazing. $16 for a bowl of ramen once one's been spoiled in the Bay Area by amazing $7 ramen is cutting it. Granted, great food in NYC is more expensive than SF, but still, $16 for a bowl of ramen? Um, ridiculous. Momofuku, I love you. Momofuku, my wallet hates you. I have to admit, the pork belly and the pork shoulder totally made my entire week. The two slices of pork belly were clean and fresh, totally crispy and chewy, yet still had that absolutely amazing meaty taste without being too overwhelming. The pork shoulder, shredded, moist, but just totally amazing. OMG. The noodles were a bit too al dente for me- it took a lot of jaw effort to keep chewing... and chewing... and chewing. I could have just swallowed, but I was trying to save my poor belly from further pain since I planned on devouring cupcakes and cheesecakes later. I did try the soju dark & stormy. For a tiny little $5 glass, the taste was pleasant and crisp, but also really gingery. The texture is that of an Icee from 7-11. I should have tried the apple cider one- I think I would have liked that better. My friend and I were going to split the foie gras, but we were both totally glad we didn't since the bowls of ramen totally filled us both up. In fact, he had to finish the rest of mine since I couldn't sprint to the finish. Took a look around and saw all the fried chicken dinner reservation tables all filled up with people eagerly devouring into chicken and fixins. The crowd was very late 20s, early 30s, hipsters, bankers alike, but all very young and hip. TOTALLY crowded at 2:30pm.
After trying to get a fried chicken dinner for weeks I finally managed to finagle my way into a lunch reservation. 4 weeks later, to the day, along with 6 friends, I made it to momofuku. We arrived and were promptly seated. 4 orders of pork buns for an appetizer helped us make it the 15 minutes until the chicken arrived. The pork buns were very tasty but with too much pork fat for my personal taste. Half fat, half meat doesn't cut it for me. However, after picking out some of the fat I can definitely see how the pork buns are one of the most ordered items. But now for the chicken. Served in two bowls there was more than enough chicken for the 7 of us. We were split down the middle (which one person unable to make a decision) as to which fried chicken was better. I personally preferred the Korean style but my husband preferred the southern style. The chicken was served with bib lettuce, other veggies, 4 sauces, and pancake like tortillas for wrapping the chicken in. After a very filling meal there were two sad little chicken pieces left in the bowl. The 7 of us just couldn't finish the bounty that was placed in front of us. Perhaps without the pork buns we would have been able to accomplish the feat but alas... All in all the lunch was very good and a social event fun for a group of friends. Was it worth the hype, probably not. However, the month long wait added to the excitement of trying something new in a city that make you wait wherever you go.
My first lunch this NYC trip was at Momofuku, for their pricey bowl of what I was told is NYC's best ramen. There wasn't a wait, and I was seated right away with prompt service. The ramen noodles were chewy with near-perfect consistency ( I say near-perfect, because there were a few clumped-together chunks ), the broth was quite tasty, and the plentiful pork (both belly fat & shredded meat) were delicious. The poached egg was a nice touch as well. Overall, not bad, pretty darn good, but prolly only the 2nd best ramen place I've eaten at, 2nd to Santa Ramen in the Bay area. Next time, I will try the pork buns which I also hear are very good.
Incredible pork buns and decent atmosphere. A bit noise and slightly dark. Nice crowd. Pretentious servers. These soy sauce eggs will be my undoing.
Really good food everytime Im here.  The salt content is pretty high as you leave and crave water all day after eating a bowl of noodles but o so good :)
Came here on a Saturday evening and was told it would be a 1/2 an hour wait but got seated at the bar by the open kitchen in 15 minutes. I ordered just the Momofuku Ramen $16. The bowl of ramen was quite large and you get a lot of pork shoulder with 2 pork belly slices - the most meat out of all the ramen places I've visited. The meat was very tender and the egg was perfectly done. You also get two fish cake slices and topped with chopped scallion. The wavy noodles were cooked very well and just chewy enough. However, what was lacking was the broth. It was kind of thin without much flavor with a not so pleasant slight slick of oil over the top. The service was friendly and quick. But with all the hype, I was very much disappointed to say the least.
Fuck this place. Hosts do not know how to quote wait times. We waited an hour and noticed they weren't CALLING phone numbers they were supposed to for the wait so they were skipping people they promised time to. Fuck that.
Nigella Lawson once said cheekily about her own fried chicken, "If you can resist this, you do not deserve to eat." That's the kind of food fried chicken is, and inevitably that's what I thought of when I agreed to go to Momofuku Noodle Bar with a bunch of convives for its special dinner of fried chicken prepared two ways. Once before had I been to Noodle Bar, back when it was still just "Momofuku" as David Chang's only place. I remember being distinctly disappointed by the ramen -- the noodles were wrong, wrong, wrong -- but blown away by the soon-to-be-famous pork buns, which to this day satisfy the Nigella criterion mentioned above. Little did anyone know then how far Chang's star would ascend. Since then, I've grown to love Ssam (a place I could go again and again), fought my way into Ko (securing a spot was one of the first things I did when I moved back to the city; technically, I did it a few days *before* moving back), and patronized the Milk Bar countless times. I was even at Ma Peche on the first day they served lunch in the Chambers Hotel lobby mezzanine. But the memory of that ramen misfire kept me away from Noodle Bar until a co-worker brilliantly lashed some of us together for the fried chicken dinner. The foodie blogs had certainly trumped it up, but could the American version outstrip the likes of Charles Gabriel's, the Korean version best BonChon? Not quite. But it has its singular charms, the first of which is built right into the conceit: you can have *both* kinds of fried chicken at the same meal. Momofuku's American version uses a buttermilk batter. The thick crust gives a glorious crunch, strongly redolent of the generously-used Old Bay within. But it was just too salty. I found myself picking off the skin after a while, which is not something you want to be forced to do to fried chicken. The meat itself was wonderfully moist, but even that was missing something. At Charles Gabriel's, even when I was on my sixth piece of chicken, I was still thinking, "This is *delicious*." (Okay, that's a lie. I was thinking, "OM NOM NOM NOM...") My second piece here was almost dutiful. The Korean take fared better. Triple-fried, I feared it might be one frying too many -- one thing I like about Bon Chon's (double-fried) version is the way that the skin gives in after initial resistance, a hint of soft within the crispness that allows the glazed skin to come into more form-fitting contact with the tongue. Luckily, a third frying didn't eliminate that crucial softness. The glaze had neither the heat of Bon Chon's spicy version nor the sweet balance of Bon Chon's soy-garlic, but it was still credible, and I could see why one might even prefer Momofuku's (though I do not). There's another part to the meal conceit: the entire dinner is delivered Peking duck style, with moo shu pancakes, a variety of sauces, and a mixture of carrots, radishes, and lettuce. It's a nice touch, but the entire shebang seemed a little superfluous -- shouldn't fried chicken be, by itself, so finger-lickin' good that you won't want to slow down to wrap it in a tortilla with ginger-scallion sauce? Still, those sauces were tasty, especially a soy-garlic-jalapeno concoction. I alone among my convives went for dessert, olive oil soft-serve. Some of them made faces at that, but as a veteran of Milk Bar, I trusted Christina Tosi's touch. It turned out to be rather more lemon-y than I was expecting, but the olive oil finish was unmistakable. There was a surprise layer of Ritz crackers on the bottom. (If the compost cookie at Milk Bar taught us anything, it's that Tosi is good at throwing random crap into dessert.) The olive oil gelati at Batali's places have nothing to fear, though. It may be a little unfair to compare Noodle Bar's take(s) on fried chicken to the very best that Manhattan has to offer. It's like fighting a two-front war. Given that, the fried chicken dinner is an impressive achievement, and the whole experience is definitely fun for the right kind of party. But if I need another hip chef's take on fried chicken anytime soon, I'll probably go try Andrew Carmellini and Locanda Verde on for size. Probability of return within 1 year: 20%; Ssam for David Changiness, hands down
So apparently this place is a famous NYC hangout, so i figured that I'd better try it so that my friends back home know that I'm not just pretending to live here. It has a very hip feel to it. We were also seated right away, so that's a plus. I was out to lunch with my boss and a couple of co-workers. It was definitely a little awkward to have to climb over random strangers to get to our seats. Several of us had to use the bathroom and had to make the entire row of people (including said strangers) get up so that we could cram ourselves between the stools and the wall to finagle our way out. Then to get our waters refilled, I had to pass them over my left shoulder to the waiter...one at a time. Again, just awkward. The menu had very few options to start with, and only one vegetarian item: Ginger scallion noodles ($12). It was interesting, and unlike anything I've ever tried. Lots of flavors going on in that bowl without being overly salty. The thin slices of cucumber added to seaweed and scallions all mixed together made for a very cool lunch. I didn't care for the ($10) spicy cauliflower appetizer - too much paprika maybe? So, I can say that I've been there but since there aren't any other menu items to try... I think I'm good on this place. Too many restaurants in NYC to try before I start doubling up here. Fun fact: my co-worker said that the famous chef that designs the entrees smokes a lot of pot to get inspiration for the flavor combinations.
I've heard a lot of hoop-la about this place so I decided to try it out. I sat at the bar, and people had to move their jackets from the seats so they were not happy with me but what the heck hang your damn jackets up. Anyway, off to an uncomfortable start. I tried the miso ramen with chicken. It looked fabulous but it was way too salty! I should have gotten the fried chicken. That looked better. Maybe I'll come back?
We went to the Noodlebar last night after seeing a movie in the east village.  We both had a wonderful time, it's a little cramped and you can get some chilly wind blasts from the door but the food was great, the prices were reasonable.  I loved the chicken pork bun and the momofuku ramen.  Do not miss the bannana bread soft serve.  The Tamale's were Good, the kimchi was GREAT, the rest were Good.  Very worthwhile trip.  Curious to try another of his restaurants. It's probably immature to say.. but the waitresses/bar tenders were all exceptionally cute and all very chill and plesant...
I am no expert on Asian cuisine.   I have dreams about the pork buns here.   I crave the noodle bowl every now and then.   I have been here a few times, and I have never been disappointed.  Once I found the noodle bowl to be a little too salty, but I was pleased the next time I went, so I look at that as an anomaly.    Until I find a better noodle bowl or pork bun in the city, this place will continue to be my favorite.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes pork.
Although small, the portions were filling.  Definitely make a reservation in advance though.  Very crowded and trendy young scene, also sometimes too noisy but, for the most part, the experience was in a cozy and intimate setting.  Like Republic, this is a noodle bar, and the seating arrangement is similar.  Worth a second visit.
I made dinner plans with a friend who was coming down with a cold and I was recovering from one. What better time to go to Momofuku for some noodle soup therapy? I had been putting off a visit because the last time I visited it was too cool for me - too many hipsters, not enough niceness, to cool to make eye contact...not at all my style. But last night was a surprisingly delightful experience starting with the maitre d' - what's a less formal word for maitre d', I don't want to say hostess, but can't think of another word - who was all smiles and really on top of her game. We were promptly seated at the bar and I went for a pilsner and the Momofuku ramen, which was satisfying, flavorful, rich, delicious. I loved the chewy density of the noodles and the sweet, tender Berkshire pork. We also shared a soy egg with crispy fried onion - or perhaps shallot - sprinkled on top. No complaints whatsoever. Momofuku simply makes some of the finest ramen using superior ingredients in all of New York. The only ramen I can think of that I like more than Momofuku - and I've had hundreds of bowls of ramen in New York, San Francisco, and Japan - was in Kyoto where I was served a steaming bowl of shoyu ramen with shredded pork cheek that blew my mind.  When dining at Momofuku, understand that this is Dave Chang's take on ramen, and nothing is traditional or authentic, it's just what Dave and his cooks are inspired to make.  (By the way, if you're looking for a truly Japanese ramen, try Ippudo. Fantastic!) After dinner, we walked over to Milk Bar to get a dessert, but realizing it wasn't a sit-down joint, we crossed the street to the bar at Momofuku Ssam for a couple Dark & Stormies, which, to my utter chagrin, added up to $30 with tax and tip. It was a very painful reminder how expensive New York is and that I should make it a habit to be more cost-conscious when I'm out on the town.
Love it!  The food is delish.  Especially the Kimchi Stew, its not always listed on the menu so be sure to ask for it. And the pork buns are to die for.  The only reason not to give a full 5 stars is the seating.  I'm a larger size person, as is hubby, so I don't really appreciate the counter stools or the too close tables.  I've been to every restaurant in the Momofuku group and this is the one I return to every few weeks.
I thought the place was a bit more pricy than 2 $ signs.  We spent $200.00 for 3 people.  We ate and drank like it was our last meal, but $40.00 for a third of a magnum of white wine??? That was the down side, the upside was that the food exceeded expectations and I have been waiting to come to this place for about 2 years.   Everything, thats right Everything was Fantastic. I will go back and I'll probably spend $200.00 again. I loved the restaurant, Well Done Momofuku
This is the first and last time I'll come to this place. The entire time, I get the vibe that I was being rushed and I cant enjoy my food peacefully. The food is way overpriced and quality is so-so. The momofuku ramen did not meet up to my expectation. I could have the same thing elsewhere. The shrimp buns and mushroom buns are nothing to be wow about. The smoked chicken wings are basically soy sauce chicken wings. It is so plain that even I can make them and I don't even cook. The baked clams is alright. Nothing special. End story - I will not come back again.
I was really excited to come here because of all the hype, however, I was disappointed and not impressed. I had the pork buns as an appetizer and Momofuku Ramen as my main dish. Pros- Yes, the pork buns were the best I have ever eaten. The pork was cooked perfectly- so savory, tender and flavorful. And, the service here was pretty good. Cons: The Momofuku ramen was really not appetizing. The broth was too salty and had an odd flavor, my friend had to pour water in to her broth to make it taste better. And, the noodles weren't chewy and seemed very ordinary. I will say that the pork in the Ramen was cooked to perfection, but that was the only thing good in the Ramen dish. Overall- If you want Ramen, I definitely don't think this place is worth the money and your time waiting. You have to wait here for at least an hour for a table. But, I would come here just for the pork buns!
Momofuku Noodle Bar has made my boyfriend and I into Momofuku fanatics, we're so excited to have one open in Toronto. On our first experience we wandered in at sometime around 2:30 in the afternoon, totally unaware of the fact that apparently there is a significant wait to get a table. Three of us walked in, were immediately seated and served drinks. After hearing about the pork buns we ordered them with no hesitation while we looked at the rest of the menu and oh my goodness, I'm glad we did. These things are so over-the-top delicious that my mouth waters every time I think of them. Perfect, melty, half-meat-half-fat, sweet, salty pork belly disintegrates on your tongue as you bite into the pillowy rice bun and through the crunchy, refreshing cucumber and scallion pickles. Warm house hoisin gives the whole thing the perfect amount of sweetness... yes, a Momofuku pork bun may be my perfect bite. I ordered the cold spicy noodles, which were so good that they caused me to order the cold spicy noodles in Toronto instead of trying something new. As I said in my Toronto Noodle Bar review I'm not sure if they have a NYC-specific and Toronto-specific recipe or if it just always changes, but the cold spicy noodles were better here on this day than they were when I had them in Toronto - the spicy szechuan sausage was cooked to be crispier, the sauce was cool and refreshing with a slow heat that built as you ate it, and topped with spinach and candied cashews. The combination was just perfect. I let everyone have a bite but I wouldn't share beyond that. The boyfriend had the ramen because obviously someone had to and it's totally his sort of thing. Yes, it's salty. And smoky, and porky. That's how David Chang rolls. It could be because I love salt and he has to live with me, but he didn't find it overwhelmingly salty - he almost ordered it again in Toronto (that really would have made us boring.) Our friend ordered the kimchi stew, which was also very, very good, but obviously you've gotta love kimchi. I did have a few bites but didn't want to use up valuable cold spicy noodle stomach space. On top of it, this place is really reasonably priced for what you're getting. We spent around $30 each. Even with the overwhelming number of restaurants to choose from in NYC I'm sure we'll be back.
Probably the worst ramen you'll ever have in your life. The packaged ones might actually be better... the broth has non-existing taste, that noodles mediocre, and everything else just utterly disgusting. Pork buns are overrated. Not that hard to make yourself and lacked flavor. Oh and let's not forget how expensive everything is. This place is a HUGE waste of time. Don't come here. Save yourself some time, money, and respect for Japanese ramen.
Great food.  The pork buns are amazing, it's actually more like a pork taco (Asian style). I also ordered the ramen which had great broth.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, generous amounts of pork belly and shredded pork.  A must, if in the NY area.   Oh yeah, East Village is awesome too.
This place is worth a stop! I had the momofuku ramen - pork and it was very tasty.   The resturant breaths vibrant energy but just beware you may have to wait awhile on a Saturaday night.   I will have to go back for the pork buns since it seems like that is also a fan favorite.
I went to momofuku during lunch hour. We were seated righted away, no wait neccessary. I tried their sliced fluke.. really yummy. For my main dish I had the ginger scallion noodles. It wasn't chilled like the menu describes it, which made it better. It was semi warm and very comforting. There is no soup to these noodles, but it tastes like the minced ginger you get from Chinese butcher shops with your chicken. I enjoyed my meal and I wouldn't mind coming back. A bit pricey, but definitely a place to try at least once.
If on death row, my last meal would Momofuku's steamed pork buns and ginger scallion noodles. Nothing short of magical. I love this place!
I don't understand how this place cannot have five stars.  The food is always off-the-charts amazing.  Sure there's a long, uncomfortable wait, but that's NYC for ya and it's totally worth it.  I would live off of the steamed buns if I could.
The. Food. Is. Amazing. Had to knock off 1 star for the following reasons: 1) the wait is soo long post 7pm (but worth it) 2) its loud and crammed Been to this place with family, with friends, vegetarians, non vegetarians and everyone loves it. Everytime I go I make sure we order all the snacks to share and an entree each. Total usually comes to about 25-40 a person depending on if drinks or nah. The seating is unique. Benches of about 8-10 people and be prepared to sit next to total strangers separated by nothing more than a napkin holder. The other option, which i havent tried yet, is sitting at the bar. Tip: get the ritz cookie for dessert. And make sure to try any of the buns, rice cakes, and wings for snacks.
This is My second time at a David Chang establishment, the first being Samm Bar, and I found this visit just as satisfying as tye other. I went in late night before picking up my girlfriend from work, and there was a mobb of people waiting for a table, which kinda made me a little upset because I was working on a scheduled time.  I stepped up to one of the host and said its just me... She said "okay, come this way." Lucky me haha. She sat me at the little chefs counter where I watched the crew do their thing. It was actually pretty cool. The Amount of ramen sold here is incredible! That is  almost all I saw being sent out. Of course I ordered one too. But before that I ordered the corn dish with bacon. Jesus that was godly... The corn was sooo sweet, and the bacon was the smokiest I ve ever had. Never wanted it to end. Then I had the ramen, which was good, but there was one issue. It was a sodium blast!!  The pork belly an pork shoulder were tasty, as well as everything else. The egg, could have been bigger and yolkier in my opinion. It seemed like there was yolk action for 10 seconds and the end. The noodles were nice and again It was all tasty. But, the broth was an issue! No doubt it had great flavor, but after reading the recipe online, I realized that it had wayyyyy to many salty components. Salt, soy sauce, bacon and the other meats that I am sure were brined. Salt + salt + salt = a disrupted palate. In the end, I did not leave disappointed... I left inspired. Went home and made my own version the next day. Will I return... Perhaps... But not for the salty ramen, unless they change the recipe a bit.
Pork bun was super amazing  but spicy chi sausage ramen was no tasted at all. What about the price ?!!!!
Better than ippudo? Haha your joking right?? Ippudl wins in every single category.. Don't waste ur time as this place is not worth the 1 hour wait.. Ippudo is worth the 2 hour wait!!
Finally hit one of David Chang's famous Momofuku restaurants. The Noodle bar was an obvious one to me, being a noodle connoisseur and all.  We came late on Thursday so despite the restaurant being crowded, we of three were seated in about 10 minutes at a shared table .  We ordered the pork buns - thick slices of fatty pork in a delicate buns - delicious!  Then it went downhill - we ordered a seasonal pear salad: ordinary.. and a smooshed potato dish: also disappointingly ordinary.  The "Momofuku ramen" was the biggest disappointment - simply salty broth, overly runny poached egg, average ramen noodle texture.  The pork was good (same as in the pork bun), but its taste could not save Chang's ramen.  For now Ippudo is still my New York ramen go to place.
I'll tell you right away that I'm not usually a fan of places that get a lot of hype.  I think David Chang gets lots of attention and I wasn't sure that it was going to pay off.  To put in simply, I was a skeptic.   I dined alone and sat at the bar.  I visited on a thursday early afternoon/late lunch.  I wanted a good sampling of the menu so I ordered the pork buns and the momofuku ramen.  this might sound crazy, but the pork buns are the best thing I've eaten so far in 2010.  seriously, they might be laced with crack or something.  the ramen was really rich and i was full from finishing the buns, so I ended up eating most of it as leftovers.  even cold, the ramen was delicious.  all the components work well together and it makes for an excellent well-rounded meal. regardless, i really, really enjoyed my visit.  I thought the service was very good.
Long wait if you come during rush hours, but I love this place! Chilled spicy noodles are the best. Pork buns are a great, but not something I would order all the time.
We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated but thats not too bad. My friends and I all picked off each others food. Pork buns-awesome pork, soft shell crab with caviar special -yum, massive miso soup, ginger scallion noodles for the vegan girl-delicious, spicy noodles-super spicy with sausage and spinach yum, goose liver-personally im not a fan but my friend was very impressed, pickled cheery and olive oil ice cream- very interesting in a good way, chocolate chip truffle balls-holy shit fancy balls of cookie dough. The bill was super expensive but we tried everything. It was worth the experience but I'm not going back. I'd rather try somewhere else. I'm just being honest.
three point five stars. came here for dinner awhile back while my cousin was in town. we shared a couple appetizers, got a bowl of ramen each, shared a dessert, and enjoyed some drinks with our meal. started w the pork and brisket buns. both were delish and i wish i could eat ten of each without feeling guilty that i just inhaled about five pounds of tasty fat. the momofuku ramen was pretty good. i could barely finish the whole bowl because of our appetizers and the large asahi beer i ordered. but having to unbutton my jeans was worth it. the dessert was the least favorite for all of us. i don't even remember what we ordered. other than that, it was a good meal! i just don't know if i would constantly come back when there's always a huge wait.
The Ramen here is HEAVEN!  The short rib meat was caramelized and succulent and the luscious egg imparted a silky richness to the balanced broth.   After a long time anticipating a visit to this little gem, I was not disappointed!  Our entire meal was fantastic, the servers were friendly and knowledgeable and the atmosphere casual and convivial.  If I lived anywhere near here, it would be dangerous coz I would want to eat the Ramen every single day, but would also be tempted to try any of the board specials.  Totally appreciate the locavore philosophy here.  Kudos!
Still amazing and delicious as it was in 2012. Still jam packed like it was in 2012. A must try!! I heard it's coming to Washington, D.C. Thank goodness so i don't have to drive 4 hours to eat these decadent pork buns.
The short and sweet of it is we came here for a 16 person chicken dinner. Plenty of food was provided! The chicken came two ways, Korean style spicy and regular what I call "southern" style chicken. Both were fantastic. The dinner came with several sauces, some that were good and added a new level of taste, others that were not. Bowl of Vegetables accompanied the chicken as well. We ordered a few additional items like the pork buns and noodles which of course are amazing. Service was great and they were definitely attentive to our very large party....place was packed by 6pm on a Thursday, get here early or prepare to wait!
David Chang....U are a genius!   After the last boring meeting about gas futures, my colleagues and I dashed down here to grab a table by 5.45.......when we got in, we got the last table. Once we sat down, we began to peruse the limited menu.....we finally settled on the seven spice chips, spiced chicken wings, pork belly buns and 4 orders of the momofuku ramen. The starters of chips and wings were awesome.  The home-made chips were spicy hot.......so tasty.   The wings were marinated with soy sauce, garlic and green onions....they were so fucking good I wanted to order one more plate.........the spicy and garlic sauce is excellent. Next came the pork belly buns.....pork belly with hoisin sauce in a white bun.....so fatty and sweet that I wanted to eat MORE......I came in my pants as soon as I ate my last bite! The ramen came with with pork belly, pork shoulder and an egg was also super, super good.  The ramen is outstanding......chewy, tasy, and very satisfying. I wish David Chang opened a Momofuku in CA! Great food but $$$$ for what U get!  Still.....I am coming back for more!
Ehhhh, I really don't see the big deal about this place. If I could give 2.5 stars, I would. The line to get into this place is insane, but luckily we only had to wait about 20 minutes since it was early on a Saturday. The dining experience is not pleasant. The place is like a sweat shop and they rush you in and out. I still had my spoon in my hand when the waitress grabbed my bowl and asked me if I was done. Annoying.   I ordered the classic Ramen soup with pork belly and shoulder. It was definitely smoky, salty and flavorful, however I did not care for the raw egg in my soup. The soup wasn't hot enough for it to at least soft boil and after a few bites, I was over it. I also found them to be very expensive for cheap, ramen soup. $75 for two soups and a small carafe of sake? I'd rather get my ramen at a more authentic place with less ambiance.
Came here around 6:30 Saturday night. We waited 45 minutes, which we didn't mind since they were really courteous and offered to text us while we wandered about outside. Once inside, we were seated at the bar in front of the open kitchen. It was pretty awesome getting a front view of the action. It was this silent conversation where I would watch them and they would watch me watch them. We ordered the pork bun and each our own Momofuku Ramen. The pork buns came out 2 for $10. There were two pieces of braised pork belly sandwiched between a slather of hoisin, slices of cucumber and a sprinkle of scallions. The pork was so juicy and broke apart softly and cleanly with each bite. Definitely better than Ippudo's. I give the pork buns an A+. Well done. The Momofuku Ramen had a slice of pork belly, poached egg, fun-patterned fishcake, two squares of nori, briny cabbage and pork shoulder. The broth was smoky and salty. The different between Momofuku's broth and Ippudo's is that the former tasted clean enough to say that the soup was deep but not overwhelming. However, I did find myself adding hot sauce to every bite. Maybe it's a Korean thing but I desperately needed kimchi or something pickled on the side. Maybe next time I'll go for a spicier broth. Unfortunately I couldn't finish everything. The portions are generous and it the end got a bit too greasy to handle. Perhaps even a bit nauseating. It's a pretty expensive bowl of ramen, coming down to about $25 per person, including the pork buns. Compared to the pork buns, the ramen was so-so. I've definitely had better. Other notes: The staff is really chill and down to earth, which accurately reflects the vibe of the restaurant. The bathroom is disgusting. Not sure why people keep missing the toilet.
Went here for lunch a few weeks ago, and I really agonized over whether to give this place the 5th star. On the one hand, the pork buns and noodles were awesome, and you can never really go wrong with a cider/soju slushie, even if you would have never thought of it yourself.  (I mean, the soju slushie approaches the best idea ever, even if the Farkas Lemma or something else like that wins out at the end.) But still, I couldn't shake the impression that it's vaguely overpriced.  So 4 stars, but I'll be back most likely.  And because you need to order ahead for the fried chicken, which we didn't realize.
Mmmmm noodles.  I have a strange love for all things noodles.  Maybe it's because I spent a year in Italy.  Maybe it's because I'm half Asian and somehow noodles connect me back to my roots.  Or perhaps it's just because noodles are delicious. When I first heard about Momofuku Noodle Bar I knew I had to go.  Not only is the chef touted to be one of the most innovative newcomers to the scene, but he was serving noodles for goodness sake!   We started out with the shiitake steamed bun.  It was melt-in-your-mouth, moan-out-loud delicious.  And I don't even really care for shiitakes.  Seriously, if you go to Momofuku Noodle Bar you HAVE to get the shiitake steam bun.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them. The next thing we tried were tamales, a special that day.  They were good, but a little confusing to my palate.  It didn't quite seem to go with the other dishes.  I was expecting it to have more asian flavors, but it was pretty traditional. Then we had what I was waiting for--the ramen.  We ordered the Momofuku ramen, which is pork belly, pork shoulder, and a poached egg.  It was amazing.  The noodles were cooked to perfection in a salty broth, paired with the seriously tender pork belly, shredded pork shoulder, sliced green onions, a perfectly poached egg, kamaboko (the fish cakes that are usually pink and white), and bamboo shoots.  Yum!  Apparently this dish is one of the saltiest in New York.  (Our waitress told us that after we started eating...ha).  I must say it is worth the salt bloat.     But seriously, although the ramen was tasty, it paled in comparison with the shiitake bao.  You'll just have to try it to know what I mean.
The wait is over an hour long, although that's what you would expect for this type of place.  The ramen is overly priced at $16 and is EXTREMELY SALTY to the point of being unslurpable.  The noodle texture is tough and overall not worth the visit.
Got to try this noodle bar during a trip to New York many years back before all of the Hype. It was definitely delicious and a beautiful simple restaurant as well. The pork bun was also amazing and the owner of the place David Chang was kind enough to come out and dine with (he was friends with one of the friends I was with). Wonderful experience. Wonderful place.
We live in the neighborhood so it is easy to come in off-peek hours, which is the only human thing to do. Communal tables are not very comfortable and neither are the bar seats. It's always drafty. It was only 50 degrees outside but the air condition was blasting insanely. Food is good but should not be this expensive. However i did not mind to pay for the very nice ramen with seaweed noodles. Even with many competing ramen places this is top.
Meh.  Amateur hour.  That's what I can report.  Coming from the land of US ramen (that is LA) this is mediocre. No innovation, broth has no true ramen flavor, and the poached egg completely disappears when mixed in. Pea shoots were overdressed with a kimchi vinaigrette - with a poor after taste.  Positive for the shiitake buns - as they were lovely.  High hopes, but did not meet expectations given Chang's knowledge in the first episode of "Mind of a Chef".
Not exceeding ,in the Asian world it's not more then a cheep artificial bag noodles . her with a good PR it become something ,so many better noodle placeses in the city ,only if big time munches and you are in front of the shop . if you in to noodle go else where
Not really worth the wait for this place. If you want a long wait but delicious ramen, go to Ippudo instead. I liked the shrimp buns.
( + ) Larger space = less waiting time. Shiitake buns were delicious. ( - ) Ramen still sucks. Too salty and they gave me about 2 teaspoons of broth.
Four stars strictly for the pork belly buns! When you get in, the store is really crowded and there is most likely a line ahead of you already. But the crowd moves pretty quickly, I was #8 in line with a 2 people party and it took around half an hour to be seated. I'm not sure if it's because I got seated all the way in the inside, but it took a long time for the waiter to finally notice us. Oh.. and since we sat on the inside.. everyone else had to get up and get out in order for us to go in. Which makes it really inconvenient in case you need to go to the bathroom. We ordered the Momofuku Ramen, the Spicy Miso Ramen and the Pork Buns. The Pork Buns are NOT on the menu, the waitress told us it was on the wall. It's $10 for two, so expensive but SOO good! The pork belly literally melts in your mouth when you take the first bite. YUM!!! And the flavor is consistent throughout. Unfortunately, it only takes you around 3 bites to devour the whole thing. The ramen is horrible though in my opinion. The soup base is REALLYREALLY salty, and the spicy miso was not even spicy :( The seaweed is also really salty. The meat is cooked well and melted in your mouth too. Overall, the pork belly bun is worth coming for and everyone definitely needs to try it but the ramen is not the A point of the restaurant!
Pro - we waited 5 mins to get seated. Cramped little tables, but cozy. Pork buns (they aren't just any pork buns, they are steamed white buns filled with succulent pork belly, oh yeah) are as good as you've heard they are. The kale with pork broth is super delicious. We shared everything. One of us ordered the prix fixe. Came with a scallop and black rice, 2 raw oysters...other stuff that was great. We also got the short ribs = so soft they fall apart. Its also nice when restaurants give you an amuse-bouche...they also give you these cookie dough things at dessert and it is yum too. The soft serve from Milk Bar that came with the prix fixe was just okay...soft and the flavors were just too "modern" - olive oil and black cherry. Everything was overall delicious, in that the ramen noodles was the "weakest" thing, but that was yum too.
My expectations were high for the ramen at the Noodle Bar.  I went with my friend Neha and we split 1 ramen and the steamed pork buns. When the waitress set our bowl down, the ramen had a poached egg inside, which made my heart yearn for Asia where they aren't scared to hide eggs in all things--inappropriate or not! On taste, the noodle bar yields 5 stars for both ramen and pork bun dish, but 17 bucks for noodles ratcheted the dish down to 3.
Always packed and hectic so feels more like a ramen factory rather than a chill restaurant. The wait is never more than 25 minutes (even if they tell you 45 minutes), so it's worth it if you're craving ramen on a cold wintery afternoon. They could eliminate the menu and only serve the pork buns and signature ramen -  99% of the restaurant was ordering these two items. And they are both fantastic. Signature ramen is amazing and addicting. There are other ramen items, and we tried the veggie ramen which tasted like a bad experiment. The broth was so thick (balsamic based) and the noodles too thin so the match didn't pair well. The veggie ramen would've been better with a nice clear broth given the delicate noodles. They also have seasonal slushies (most recently pear slushie - awesome!!)  and unique selection of wines and artisanal beers which are great also. After you get your ramen fix they are quick to hand you your check and let the next batch of hungry mouths pile in.  Communal tables make it better for casual bites (or slurps) with friends rather than dates.
Love David Chang's work, admire him as a person, as a chef, as an artist. Sorry, but I think this place does him an injustice. I'm not so quick to judge a place without giving it a second chance, but the ramen was just that sad. The broth was one-dimensional in taste. The seating is pitiful (small stools all cramped together in a small enough venue as it is...although not a bad looking venue). The oddly long wait (given the quality of this place) really didn't help its cause. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because I do believe that their pork buns were pretty damn good. It was super tender, flowing with juices, awesome sauce, and plushy bun. It really did melt in my mouth, and I did like it better than Ippudo NY's pork buns. Prices still are expensive though in both places hahaha. But what's the point of having a place called a noodle bar if you suck at the noodle part of it? It was just sad! Maybe if someone who visits me REALLY wants to try this place, and I eat a second helping (and who knows? maybe my isolated experience was indeed an isolated tragedy) and it changes my review, I'll be sure to rectify this review.
Love this place! My boyfriend is pretty frugal but thinks it is affordable for two for dinner ($60 total). Shrimp buns are OUT OF THIS WORLD-must have them. Ginger scallion noodles are very delicious and a good option for vegetarians.
