this place is absolutely outstanding.  I did a fundraiser craft for my daughter's school and every single person in the studio was so helpful and wonderful.  I did several platters with small children hand prints on the platters as auction items for the school. Kate picked out amazing colors for the platter.  Joanna helped me pick the style of platter and Michelle helped me with check out and packaging.  Liz was the artist who made the platters look amazing and got them to me when I needed them for the auction.  Liz was so meticulous making sure each child's name was elegantly written on the platter and everything she did made these platters absolutely gorgeous. Overall, I am so impressed by everyone in this store.  The place is friendly and inviting with reasonable prices for everything.  It's clean, organized and well run.  I would highly suggest coming to ARTrageous to anyone and made the trek from the city to get my platters done here as they were all so wonderful and accommodating.  I will definitely be back to paint with my kids.  Absolutely love this place!!!!
Two things I love: 1. Art (Pottery) 2. Wine Pottery+Wine+Friends= my Friday night. I couldn't think of a better way to catch up with my friends from home. ARTrageous! is an adorable find in the heart of Rockville Center. It's a fun alternative to the other sorts of debauchery we find ourselves in while visiting RVC. Friday is BYOB* night. Call ahead of time (day of is fine) and reserve a table. They want you to come at 6:30pm-9:30pm but if you walk in a bit later that's fine. They offer a hearty selection of snacks. We had pizza, strawberries, cake, veggies, etc. Don't be shy about grabbing seconds**... they basically come to your table telling you to take more. When you walk in, to your left you'll see an array of different pieces to choose from. Yes, some can get pretty expensive. But the average piece is about $20-$30. A little mug may be like $10 and the giant platter may cost $45. So plan accordingly. Once you pick your piece, bring it to the register where you can pay. They have a wall of paints that you can choose from (hardest decision of my day, no joke) and they display what each of the colors will look like once fired. Very convenient. Grab as many paints/brushes as you like... you can bring them to your table so you don't have to keep getting up for more. ARTrageous! played fun, upbeat music throughout the night. I was glad to see that even on a reallyyyy cold day (thanks polar vortex) it was packed. There were people of all ages (above 21 of course) and both men/women. My friends and I brought some Riesling and had a blast. The staff members were so nice and said that if we didn't finish, we can always take some of the supplies home. And it takes about 2 weeks, (depending on how busy they are) till you can pick up your finished piece. I ended up painting a chip/dip plate (see pic) which was very fun. If you're looking for a relaxing night out, I'd highly recommend coming here. I can tell people think it's pretty pricey... but for the amount of supplies, food, atmosphere, space, service and selection of pieces... it's worth it. __________________________________ *People don't mess around with their drinks. I saw some women with a concoction of jungle juice. They take BYOB very seriously. **Yes, that person is me. P.S. artrageousrvc.com
Artrageous is a unique, fun thing to do with your friends and a great alternative to the usual leisure activity i.e. movies, bars, etc.  It's awesome to revert back to your elementary school days "ceramics" birthday parties as an adult and make a beautiful sculpted masterpiece (or for me, a sloppy mishmash of paint)   Staff is friendly, helpful, but most of all PATIENT (dealing with a large group of 30 year olds is probably more frustrating than a kindergarten group) The entire process kind of takes a really long time and gets boring after a while when all you want to do is chit chat with your friends and have a good time, you're under time restrictions so it's really hard to focus.  Be smart, pick a tiny, cheap piece that requires no attention to detail instead of an intricate, colorful gnome like someone I know did.  A minimum dose of 20 mg of Adderall is recommended before starting.   I also found it to be a little too expensive.  Make sure you check your Val Pack or that other little booklet of coupons you get in the mail for a $10 or $5 discount coupon because each tiny piece of ceramic you paint is absurdly expensive.  Also, you can't take it home with you the same day.  Your piece needs to get picked up 2 weeks later? Whatever happened to putting it in the kiln and getting to bring it home with you??  That's the best part!  It was a fun experience overall and I'm sure I'll be taking my daughter on a semi-regular basis in a few more years, but visits will be few and far between because my wallet can't handle all the excitement.
This place is so fun and unique! A perfect fit for RVC. My boyfriend and I came for Bring Your Own Wine Night (um, HELLO, what better way to get me in) and had such a great time. The place is clean and well-organized. Everything is labeled, including drawers, so you can find and get everything yourself. The staff is so warm (especially Monica, who I know personally) and helpful. When we first came, Monica explained how everything works and repeatedly asked us if we were ok and if we needed anything. For Friday night wine nights, they provide food (ours included pizza, biscotti, cherries, etc.) so don't worry about that. The pieces are expensive but you're paying for the experience...plus they often offer $5 off coupons in the local papers and stuff. This is a great place for a date night or girls night and it's different than your typical evening out (movies, drinks, etc.). Highly recommended.
I went here for the BYOB event, where you get to drink alcoholic beverages while painting pottery. I worked extremely hard on painting my ceramic. It took me 3 whole hours to make it exactly how I wanted it and I was so proud of myself for working as hard as I did on it. I was counting down the days until I got to go pick it up and bring it home (3 weeks later) Finally, I go to the store to bring it home and they say to me "Oh, we're sorry but there was a manufacturing problem with your particular piece. It wasn't your fault but all the paint is chipping off and it's called shivering and it happens sometimes, so you cannot bring your piece home." I was so upset that I worked so hard and spent my Friday night all for nothing. They gave me a store credit for my piece but I feel that I should've gotten more than that because I wasted my time and there was nothing I could do about it and I couldn't bring it home. I should've been compensated for a little bit more than store credit since it was the store's fault.
Really nice place. Took my daughter here for her 4th birthday back in April and she had a blast.
Really nice place, extremely clean and employees are helpful, just a bit time consuming if your impatient I wouldn't recommend this for you, and you have to wait two weeks to get your piece which is quiet annoying. It definitely is nice to let the creative side of your mind go once in a while.
Bright, clean place with a friendly staff and tons of fun events scheduled regularly throughout each month. It's a great place to spend time if you're looking to do something other than the typical dinner/move night out.
This place is really cute, and it is fun. However, it is extremely expensive to be treated disrespectfully. We had a mom's night out here last night, and we were all having a blast. We brought some wine and were painting our pottery, blabbing away. At about twenty after 9, they started VACUUMING while we were still sitting there, and then at 3 minutes after 930 (when our session ended) they kicked us out by clearing the table and the girl said, "Well, I would like to go home." After paying over $30 to paint a tiny ceramic ornament that I could get in Michaels for $2.99, I felt that was rude and unacceptable. All TEN of us in our group thought that as well. In addition, you paint your pottery and then have to go pick it up after it is fired.. TWO WEEKS later. Why such a long wait? I would love to do something like this again, but not here. :(
So much fun! I love coming here.
I was hesitant about this place at first because the website was outdated and I was looking for a recent calendar of events but I contacted the owner and was immediately put on the mailing list. I signed up for their "Wine and Design" night where you bring your own bottle of wine and design a plate with rubber stamp tapestry and was very impressed. The store is clean and inviting, they had light food and deserts and the staff was extremely nice. Great girls night out option when you want to try something different!
