I tried the chicken pad thai and wife tried pad Kaproaw and we both cleared our plates as we enjoyed  the setting sun on their deck dining area. A very good experience. Delicious food at good prices. Highly recommend. Come in early and rent a jet ski before food!
I have been to Thai Rock a few times. Once before Sandy (food was decent but music/volume was loud though I don't recall the day of week).  Thai Rock was hit by Sandy and did renovations after.  They are right next to Bungalow Bar which is another Sandy victim (and was reno'd via Bar Rescue). The entrance to Thai Rock recently got a new sign which is great since typically it wasn't so easy to tell that there was a Thai Restaurant there.  They have a good sized dining room and an outdoor space with seating fight off the water.   Far Rockaway views aren't really so great (you see mostly water and a bridge which isn't very scenic) but in NYC water view restaurants aren't as easy to come by so it's a nice to place to go. Their food is pretty good.  Not the greatest and I haven't tried everything but their basil friend rice is excellent.  I think items will be hit or miss based on my experience, some meh, others good or very good.  Drinks are a bit weak - I wouldn't go there just for mixed drinks, but I am happy with wine and beer so it's not an issue for me. Service isn't bad. Some nights it's really good, other nights its REALLY slow. I was there a couple of nights ago and it took FOREVER (not really sure why).  The hostess this last night took forever to seat us and she was wiping down tables for seating. There seems to be plenty of wait staff and bus staff to do this so she can focus on just seating parties. She also puts together to go items so I think they could use some better organzation of staff. There are two bars, one inside and one out,so getting a drink is pretty easy.  They have also been playing host it seems to those paint night deals you see all over Groupon, Living Social etc.  I could see myself doing a paint night with friends here and then grabbing a bite. Overall I will come back to Thai Rock. I'm in Howard Beach and this is pretty close.  I hate having to pay tolls to get here, but if I really want Thai and want to sit outside, it's the closest I'm going to get.
I'll keep it real simple. This spot is all about atmosphere. I recently went here with my husband and another couple for dinner. We got there just before the sun set so we were able to sit outside and enjoy that. The food was good, I got the Pad Kee Maow and it was delicious. The mussel appetizer left a lot to be desired however, lacked in flavor. The drinks were excellent, the red sangria was delicious! I would definitely go back for lunch and enjoy the sun and some drinks. From the outside this place looks sketchy, but its quite nice inside. It's odd, you can rent jet skis and kayaks here too. And there's live music! If you close your eyes, listen to the music, the sound of the water, enjoy a drink - you may even feel like you're on vacation. But alas, you're in Queens.
Friendly staff, cute band playing as well...very pretty right in the water---the option to rent jet skis is there too:) It's casual and brings in all different age groups.  They have a great selection of drinks, and I had some Thai food That was great.   Scenery is the best part! :) :) :)
It's 23 degrees out so Mister suggests a late  lunch at Thai Rock - perfect!  We walked into their warm and welcoming dining room and I immediately ordered their delicious Ginger Mojito while Mister opted for a Mai Tai. We always enjoy their food and we've tried it all- every appetizer and entree is yummy and the custard dessert is outta this world!  I love this place.
Oh man!  What good snapper. And sitting by the water while a blues rock band came on after an afternoon at Rockaway beach. Doesn't get any better.
Great Food and lots of selection of Draft beers with awesome view. If you are in the neighbourhood dont miss out this gem.
If you're looking for overpriced Thai with service so slow and poor giving you ample time to take in the beautiful view of the bay and city skyline, then this is the place for you. If you're considering paying the toll to come eat here, it's not worth the extra $7 for $8 appetizers and $15+ protein entrees. But then again, their view is nice and they offer you blankets if you get chilly while waiting 45 minutes for your food. The blankets definitely make up for not asking if you need a refill when your pint glass is empty. If you're from Rockaway, well, your Thai choices are limited, so you probably think this place is awesome and have been over-inflating their rating with all 4- and 5-star reviews. The food was actually good when it finally arrived -- maybe because I was starving by then -- but no better than my local Thai place.
What's not to like about this place? Authentic Thai food, check. Full bar, check. Outdoor deck that stretches out into the bay where you can drink and eat, check. Jet ski rentals, check. There really is nothing bad you can say about Thai Rock. How I wish this place was open when I was still a wee girl living in Rockaway.
Greeted at the door by an unpleasant person. Tables next to us were empty with dirty dishes that sat for a long time.  Sent back the calamaria appetizer as it was overcooked and rubbery.  The music was so loud we couldn't have a conversation without  yelling at each other.  When the floor needed mopping, they carried a filthy dripping mop through the restaurant and back into the kitchen.  Needless to say we will not be going back.
I visited this place on a Sunday night. We weren't greeted and then were told that there were no tables because they were "reserved"-there were large empty tables right in front of us. Decided to sit at the bar-checking the menu: overpriced. We were ignored until we asked for water and decided to order appetizers. Took 40+ minutes for this whole ordeal and they also got the order wrong (for two appetizers). Also, the bartender occasionally disappeared, leaving the bar unattended. Small kitchen, understaffed, long wait...ambiance was cool, but since I was starving I couldn't really enjoy it.
Food was great, good service, awesome scenery. Generous portions well prepared, relaxing inside dining room, fun outside deck. Prices a bit higher than other thai places though This place is much improved from when I was there a year ago.
I hate to give this place a low rating, but something was up with the kitchen when I ate here with four friends, and we ended up waiting 45+ just for a few appetizers. What they lacked in speed they made up for in ambience though - great place to catch a sunset and you can rent jetskis right on the dock next to the restaurant which is pretty tight. The food and drinks weren't special - but I will try again. Even Jordan had an off night every once in a while.
Venue is very loud, food is not particularly good. Actually had to send one back for being way over cooked. I would not recommend nor will I return
Great outdoor space. But a rude party behide us talking about no duck or something made us stop our convo. Plus a big dude bumped my friend and he told her to relax. Maybe he should relax with eating. Blankets were given to us and thats awesome.   The manager was really calm with that party but I do agree with the party about they should have had 2servers for a party of 12. Regardless I like the place.
Don't go here. Took an hour for the food to get to me. Don't recommend........still waiting....
The drinks are a tad expensive, the view of the bay is amazing!  The food beyond amazing!  Always rockin with music and if you get a little cold, they provide warm blankets.  The fried rice is so good I can't wait to go back and eat some more!!!
The food here was outstanding. I had the pineapple fried rice with beef and oh man I was not disapointed. The steak was tender and delicious and the pineapple was crazy fresh and ripe. The bartender, Mike, was friendly and helpful. This seems like a place you could frequent and they would know you by name. It was too cold to sit outside, but they have a beautiful deck overlooking the water. I'm sure it's wonderful on a warm night.
I'm not sure how this place received so many stars. We had a beyond terrible experience Sunday evening and would rate 0 stars if available. After a relaxing day on the beach, we arrived at the restaurant and were seated immediately with no indication that the kitchen was backed up. After waiting 15 mins to be greeted by a server, we placed our order and proceeded to wait for a hour and twenty minutes to receive our food. We asked multiple times how long until our food would arrive and kept being told another 15-20 minutes. When only one dish came out after an hour and twenty minutes, we were told it was because our order had been pushed up in the queue as though we had done something wrong, rather than the restaurant. Finally, 10 minutes later, the second dish came out full of meat when we clearly requested a vegetarian dish. Both the waiter and manager argued with us that we had ordered incorrectly. After waiting such a long time for our entrees, good customer service would have handled the situation differently. In the end, when we finally received our food, it was mediocre at best and not worth wasting an evening when there are so many delicious food options in the Rockaways.
I was put off first by the fact that they don't make any of their food fresh. She told me they make the food in the mornings and then heat it up when orders are placed. Plus they didn't have the meals I wanted and I had to order a substitute. I did this because I wanted to give them a chance and support a local business. The food was SO OVERPRICED. An order of chicken Pad Kee Mao anywhere else is NEVER over $12 tops. And that's at a fancy place. Normal places like Thai Rock usually charge $8 for that meal. Thai Rock charged me $18!!!!!!! For one meal! And the portions were not even big. It tasted like reheated leftovers. I will never go here again.
Food and drinks are decent.  Great view. However, the service is terrible.  We were seated at about 8pm on a Saturday night. There were open tables available. We put in our drink orders. Waitress forgot my husband's drink and we waited about 15 minutes until she came back with it. The waitress informed us they were "backed up." However, we waited an hour for our dinner with no other updates. We decided to leave as no one was able to tell us when we would actually get out food. The owner (or manager not sure) seemed annoyed with our complaints. I wouldn't go back.
Food is great. Atmosphere is great. I loved the bartenders, so friendly!  There's almost always live entertainment...I try to go as often as I can.
Food was good. Staff and owner were unhelpful. Unwilling to give us a table outside even thought there were multiple tables free during our dining period.
Do not eat here. When we arrived, we were asked to wait for 20 minutes for a table, when there were many empty tables inside and outside. Once we finally sat down and ordered, the waitress said our good would be ready in 30-45 minutes because the kitchen was backed up (again, many empty tables)! No chips or appetizers were given, and we waited over two hours for food. Many other tables walked out waiting for their mediocre food. One table was asked to pay $40 for drinks and good they did not eat. The lazy owners only response was "patience, right?". Sorry moron, you run a restaurant, how about some service?? Never again. Do not go here!!
We had a superb lunch today at Thai Rock.  I have very high expectations for my Thai food and I was not disappointed.  Each dish was subtly flavored and different from the others on the table.  I am biased towards Thai food with rich but not overbearing flavors.  This was just the ticket.  No gloppy peanut sauce in sight. The setting was unique - hanging over Jamaica bay gave us a phenomenal view. The clearly new (just rebuilt after Sandy) dining room and kitchen sparkled. The service was attentive but not overbearing. This place clearly turns into a music venue after hours (must come back to check that out!) and looks like it is set up for a lively deck scene in the warmer months. A side business in the summer rents jet skis at this location.  I am definitely coming back to jet ski around Manhattan (Now on my bucket list.) and when I do, you can be sure that I am going to eat! PS - these guys rebuilt this place from the rubble of Sandy.  They get a fifth star just for sucking it up and rebuilding.   Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I went here just for the jetskiing with a group of 4 and we had a great time. However, the place was very disorganized and it seemed like no one running the place had any idea what was going on. I was never really given any clear direction on where to go or who to talk to regarding the jetskiing. Once I found the proper person to talk to regarding the jetskis he said "you arrived at 2pm for a 2pm appointment?:"... Well yes I did, if you wanted me to be here earlier you should have put that in the memos of the appointment. After some more confusion my friends and I were able to ride the jetskis.
The service here is amazing...it also as quite the beautiful views. The food is great and they are very hospitable here. If you're in rockaway be sure to check it out.
My husband and I went out on a limb and decided to join some friends for a 15-mile skate from Sheepshead Bay to Thai Rock one hot Saturday morning. The restaurant, like many homes and establishments in the area, was rocked by Hurricane Sandy, but the renovations are creeping along. In the meantime, the outdoor patio/bar/kayak and jet ski launch are all still accessible! Beautiful views of Jamaica Bay abound. Food's decent here: I had a Thai Rock burger, which was well-spiced but came unaccompanied by any toppings on the bun. The Thai iced tea was also refreshing. We weren't too thrilled to see that the establishment accidentally charged us and a few of our friends $3 more for the $12 burger, but an eagle-eyed dining companion caught it and rectified the issue. All in all, you're paying for the view and the fact that out here you can pretend you're far away from the City!
This is probably the best Thai food I've had anywhere.  I got the basil duck which was an absolute joy.  The duck was cooked perfectly and the sauce was amazing.  The service was great and the coffee was good.  So many places have bad coffee, I was pleasantly surprised.  Robert really has a great operation here, its a beautiful spot.  Between the food and the atmosphere, it is worth a trip from almost anywhere in the city. I'm told they have a lot of bands coming through as well.  I think another trip to Rockaway Beach will be on my list once the weather warms up.
I really wanted to like this place.  The scene is getting so much better out in Rockaway and I was sick of waiting on line at Rockaway Taco.  The outdoor is space is nice, but the parking is non existent and it's right next to a McDonald's. The food is super authentic Thai -- I used to live in Thailand so I know a thing or two, but it was way OVERPRICED.  They charged us 20 bucks for Thai Green Curry and it didn't come with rice. I had to pay an extra 2 bucks for rice. Yep, 22 dollars for a bowl of curry and rice!!. In my opinion you should get unlimited rice no matter how fancy the service. 3 appetizers and a bowl of curry cost us almost 50 bucks with no alcohol -- I would rather wait on line for an hour at Rockaway Taco than pay those prices. Also, the service was hit or miss.
I went to Thai Rock on Sunday 3/23/2014 for Sunday dinner with three friends. It was the second time that I had been there. We had a nice time. The food was good (we had the pad thai, basil rice (which is spicy FYI), and some chicken fried dumplings. It was all very good. The service was fine. A live jazz band set the mood. To be honest, not every place to eat in Rockaway can make anyone feel comfortable. I felt very comfortable here. All and all, if you're in Rockaway and looking for a good place to dine. I'd recommend it. Oh, and watching the water as the sunsets is quite lovely.
Bought a $45 groupon which included a 30 minute jet ski rental and two drinks here.  Weird right?  a Dock attached to the back of a bar?  But it totally works and the partnership that they've got is pretty solid. $9 tax and signing of a few waivers after (the owner is seeeriously about careful about liability and damage to the jet skiis being a retired cop and all), we were off to get schooled by a teenage kid who supplied us life jackets, rules, and a place to store our stuff.  We commandeered two of four jet skiis and we were off.  Had tons of fun. Came back and used our tickets for drinks which were ok.  Food was better.  Service slow.  Waitress eye-raping me (which I didn't mind, what's your number?).  Haha  Some live music also though the singer wasn't very memorable.
As a self professed Thai food aficionado..I am confident in saying I can identify quality Thai food. It is easy to make and find Thai food, but difficult to find extraordinary Thai food. This place creates such delicious food, it is truly a crime to leave even one morsel/speck of noodle/rice behind. If not for my impeccable dining manners, I would pick up the plate and lick it clean..really...I would. My particular favorites include the Duck Pad see-ew, fresh mussels, and the ginger mojito. We bought a bottle of Mekhong, and they placed a label with our name on it to keep behind the bar for future visits. They do such a great job with customer service, they've truly created a fan base! Everyone here is super friendly, cheery, and helpful. I seriously want to be on whatever they're on! The bartender, Greg is awesome and will make you feel right at home. He has great suggestions and can mix up a mean cocktail per your choice! They have me quite impressed. Yes, the food costs a bit more on average, but it isn't expensive. Perhaps expensive if you're comparing it to mediocre Thai places that can often times taste and feel unauthentic. But Thai Rock is as authentic as it gets. It is beautifully done inside and out with a cozy, hip, yet classy look. An unpretentious, yet elegant place perfect for family/friend gatherings, or that special romantic dinner that is way overdue! Of course, I haven't even mentioned the amazing waterfront view, live entertainment Fri-Sun, and a free shuttle that runs locally? Happy hour too? It doesn't get better than this I assure you! Thai Rock should be compared to the best seafood/steak place in Manhattan. So there you have it. Thai Rock.....Rocks! Eat here it's so good you won't regret it! It's got that WOW factor you've been looking for. I heart Thai Rock.
Thai Rock has such a great atmosphere, Its great for lunch, dinner or just a fun night out. They usually have a really great band playing- and they make a killer sangria !  The Food is awesome- Dumplings are amazing ! You Cant go wrong with Thai Rock !
Thai Rock was my first experience with Thai food. Based solely on the food itself, I'd give it 5 stars, it was delicious. However, we waited over 2 hours to actually receive our meals. Before having trouble being seated and told it would be a 15 minute wait, it turned into more than a half an hour.  The wait time was not an issue as my party sat at the bar for a drink. Once we were seated it took almost an hour for our waiter to take our order and then another hour before even receiving our meals. It was an incredibly busy night, so waiting for a meal is understandable, but tables that were seated much later than us seemed to be receiving their meals and our entire table ordered appetizers, and one member of our party's choice the restaurant ran out of, but no one informed us.  Instead, we were brought a completely different dish without being asked to choose something else. However, the food was great and the atmosphere of the waterfront was beautiful. While my first experience was not the best, I would give it another chance.
I saw the write-up in the Times about these non-beach locations, and was intrigued.  I got some friends together for a little trip (A-train, switch to the Shuttle, and get off at the first stop) to Far Rockaway, over Labor Day weekend. Ehhhhh. We sat outside during mid-afternoon, and the wait-staff was lackadaisical, the food was mediocre or worse, and the drinks were expensive.  There was bad music drifting from a low-quality set of speakers set above the bar, and the bar-tender (on the patio) would not serve anyone, except water.  Yes, the bar-tender would not serve anyone except water. After awhile, it became apparent why - he appears to be the new/recent owner of the kayak and jet-ski rental that runs out of the same place.  So that makes sense - a bar-tender should not be serving drinks to people that he then rents engine-powered water-craft to novice users.   Fine - but I think a better design would be not to have the person who does those rentals as the bar-tender at a f'ing restaurant and bar! The food was bland, despite a variety of spice-level requests at ordering.  They all had the same spicing and flavoring.  It was also slow (strange mix of apps and entrees coming together for some reason).  And the staff were often times not available, even though it wasn't totally busy (in fact, the inside was pretty dead and outside was mainly people getting tutored by aforementioned bar-tender/kayak-rentor about the differences between lessee and lessor, and giving out their credit-card details ...). Stay away, and go to the beach instead.
Next sunday, YOU + your besty, lover, twin flame, mom or adventure partner in crime could find yourselves on the high seas, riding the waves and gettin' bronzed on some seriously fast jet skis.  Afterwards, sip a frosty cocktail or beer on a spacious deck and relax to some live music... ...and maybe this is the part where you think to yourself, "Ok, Fats, that's great and all, but we don't all have the cash-ola to be jetting off to Miami every durn weekend..." Surprise, my friend!  This sweet set up is LOCAL!  Located in sunny Far Rockaway, Queens, Thai Rock has a fleet of primo jet skis, a brand new outdoor deck (with a full bar) and decent, generously portioned thai food.  The jet ski operation is well oiled and safe with a large area to play in and no more than 3 jet skis out at a time. Keep in mind is that there is limited parking at Thai Rock, so consider either taking the A train out there or trying to find street parking.  We managed to snag a free spot on the street in front of McDonald's next door. PARTING THOUGHT: If you're a speed demon (like me), I'd recommend trying to get there early for the 11am slot before the waves get too rough from all the jet skiing action...getting massive air can be fun and all, but it kills your acceleration!
I went to Thai Rock with a fairly large group.  6 adults, 2 toddlers, and 1 infant.  We were seated quickly and asked for our drink orders. The Thai iced tea was finished for the day (big crocodile tears) and I decided on the Thai iced coffee. What a fantastic substitution!  It had rich flavor that wasn't too overpowering and it was just sweet enough.  I was sad when I got to the last sip. Seriously sad. For the table we shared apps.  The calamari was crisped and seasoned well with a sweet dipping sauce. We also had chicken satay and the chicken was tender and juicy. Well done!  The curry puffs were great as well with lots of veggies on the side and a clear vinigrette dressing. We used that on everything. Really, really tasty!   For my entree I decided on the pad see with flank steak!  Wow!  The flank steak was delicious itself.  it was very well seasoned and paired with the noodles and Chinese broccoli.  I savored every bite. All in all it was a great first time at Thai Rock. I felt they could've been a little more attentive to the table, but a storm started and everyone had to be moved inside.  It was a huge task and the tables quickly filled up.  They did their best to keep up w everyone. They had a live band which was a nice change for me.  Prior to the live music they were playing R & B which I thought was cool too. I'll be back!
If you live in Rockaway, you must try Thai Rock! If you don't live in Rockaway and you love Thai food, it may be worth the trip. I am a big fan of Thai food so I have tried many different places in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens and beyond and this is the best Thai food I have had. The massaman curry with beef and the Pad See-Ew with duck are unbelievable. The curry puffs are also the best I've had. I was very disappointed because they were out of the fried banana dessert, but we ordered the Thai custard instead and it was great! The cocktails went beyond what you find at most Thai places, and they are very refreshing. The restaurant itself is beautiful, with a nice bar setup and paintings by local artists on display. The deck is of course the highlight in the summer. We didn't stick around for the live music because it started to rain, but I could see it being a really fun place to hang out on a nice summer night. The staff were super friendly, attentive and provided great recommendations. The prices are a little high compared to what you would typically pay for Thai food, but the ingredients are very fresh and everything is so good that paying a few dollars more is completely justified.
Great place, good ambience, and tasty affordable Thai food. I also really liked the vibe of the place. It's right by the water, so the scenery is nice and the music gives you a relaxed feel. Would highly recommend it if you're in the area!
O.k.. So this was my first time coming to Thai Rock.  My neighbor has raved about their Pad Thai.  I am giving it 3 stars because the first thing I noticed when I walk in was that it was a "B" rating from the NYC Health Department (In my mind that was a total turn off) (nyc.gov/html/doh/downloa…) So I am on a date we sit down the music was loud but seemed like a great atmosphere.  The view was great as well.  So we ordered an appetizer the chicken and shrimp dumplings guess what it was ice cold :( so the waiter came over and said no worries I will get it taken care of he must have literally put it in the microwave :( came back 2 minutes later with our half cut appetizer that was very disappointing.    I ordered the Pad Thai as it was good I honestly had no complaints about it and neither did my date with his order.  The food was tasty! I am giving it three stars for now and will definitely come back and try something else and re review I hope it will get better, however the service was great!
this place is ok. It's too far way and very bad location. it is so hard to find and get into.
The food is not that good and expensive.  My brother had to go to the bar for a round of drinks on our only attempt as the waiter hadn't come by (forty minutes? C'mon dude).  They missed our order again and again.  I was just so sad by the end of the meal.  Felt like I should see a doctor about it, it was scary.
What an AMAZING experience from start to finish. I'm so glad this place has opened in Rockaway. 3 of us went for dinner Saturday night at 6pm and got a great table on the outdoor deck with a great view. I read a couple of the negatives on here mostly talking about the service, time & price. I have to say our waiter Tony was one of the best waiters I have had. He was extremely helpful in helping us with our picks and knew exactly what went with what. If you are looking for a place to be in and out real quick then you may not enjoy here but everything was worth the wait. They put so much effort in to all of the cocktails and their dishes it is understandable that it may take a little longer than most restaurants. It may cost a little more than most Thai Places but rightfully so. The food is THAT GOOD!! Drinks - all of the specialty cocktails and beer we had were delicious and looked amazing Food - If I could give this more than 5 stars I would. I can honestly say it was the best Thai food I have ever had. Everything is so fresh and taste so authentic. All of the spices were excellent. the 3 of us decided to all share since we wanted to try as much as possible. Appetizers - Curry Puffs & pork steamed dumplings. Once we started with the Apps we knew we were going to be in for a treat. Both were AMAZING!! Salad -Larb Pla Todd Pan fried filet sole with mango salad. We went with the thai hot and it was a little too spicey for my taste but still very good. The fish was perfect. I was very surprised again by the size of the salad. Entrees - Massaman Curry Potato, red onion, peanut, bay leave in spicy coconut peanut massaman sauce with beef. The meat was so tender and the curry sauce was just right Pad See-Ew Stir-fried rice noodle with egg, broccoli with dark sweet soy sauce with duck. Probably the best Pad See-Ew I have ever tasted. The noodles were great and the duck went perfectly with it. I can't believe the size and freshness of all of the meat. Mom's Fried Rice Carrot, peas in tom yum paste, basil and fresh lime juice with shrimp. We ordered the shrimp based off of tony's recommendation since we had two meats already and the shrimp & rice. Excellent choice. I really felt like we were on some sort of reality tv Chef's special and we were the judges lucky enough to try everything. Everything was out of this world. We also got a chance to meet the owner (Robert) and let him know what a great time we had.  I will definitely be a regular here and am looking forward to try some different items on the menu as well as stay for the live music later on in the evening. This is my 1st review on Yelp. I really felt the need to come on here and give Thai Rock the credit it deserves.
I went here a month ago for date night. I liked the environment. There was a live acoustic performer (bonus.. He takes request). The waitress was witty and informative. When I inquired, the bartender came to my table to inform me about available vodka shots. There were 2 gurls there promoting a vodka company so we got free shots. We live about 5 mins away so it's convenient. The food was tasty and standard Thai dishes and some not so traditional dishes are on the menu. The reason y I only gave it 4 stars is because they had a B rating. I hardly eat at restaurants wit less than an A. It's scary and I obsess about what exactly got them that mark. All in all, it was a pretty solid place. Try the veggie Pad and chicken basil.
I am Thai. This place is the closest thing to food from Thailand. I read the bad reviews and the complaints are about everything but the FOOD. The food is DELICIOUS!!!!! Pad Thai is NOT painted red; the curries are so good, like the panang, jungle curry etc. They serve large pieces of succulent duck. Radish cakes :0*   Food is fresh, place is clean, VIEW to die for (be sure to catch sunset). Service mediocre but hay its authentic to Thai service!
LORD where do I start with this place. First this place looks very disorganized and my friends and I came to Thai Rock for jet-skiing tickets that we bought off of Groupon. Gill i believed his name was had terrible customer service skills when making reservations on the phone. In person he was starring at my partner and I really negative and disgusting. Also questioning us multiple times if we paid when we already paid and settled everything with the other man in charged.    Then the process to jetskii was terrible!!!! You had to sign a waiver that basically states: "Fuck your life we dont really have much safety for you so if anything happens to you dont sue us." Afterwards, they required a hold on your credit card for 500$ for each jetskii being used by each person. They supposedly said that they dont charge it and just have it as a pending hold and what actually shows on your bank statement is a charge and the bank states that the money will be back within 10-15 days!!!! SO BEWARE. THEY REALLY ARE NOT WELL ON THE CUSTOMER SERVICE SIDE, JUST MORE FOCUS ON THEIR MONEY. I know that most businesses care about profit, but they also value customer service and this place is not part of that AT ALL!!!!!
This place is a nice, after-beach destination. I got the something-Tiger ('Crawling Tiger', 'Crying Tiger' ,'Crooked Tiger'?) after it was recommended by multiple people. It was delicious. I met the owner of this place and she is a doll. My only negative is that I paid over $20 for my meal and it was served to me on a paper plate!
Delicious with a view, very nice and attentive staff.  Pad see Yew and Massaman Curry were flavorful and fresh, a nice warm lunch on a rainy day. Despite the weather, having a view of the water was pleasant, and the interior decor is a good balance of elegant yet welcoming and comfortable.  The exterior blends well with the surrounding community nicely.  The owner seems to know everyone, he personally checked on us during our meal. The live music looked like it was a nice addition, seems to be a fun place to go at night.
Like the other reviewers said, the thai food here is very good and very authentic tasting.  And like some of the reviewers point out, compared with most thai places, it is on the expensive side.  Now, that being said, one must realize that the place is beautifully situated on the water, with a million dollar view.  One must also realize that competition drives prices down, and--for now, these guys are the only thai game in town.  In general, Rockaway food (at the Circle, the Bungalow, Plum Tomatoes) tends to be more pricey than the deals one might find on the mainland.  Go to any rural area with a nice Thai restaurant, and you will find that the prices are a bit more.   I would love it if they could develop some less pricey take-out lunch options, for all the teachers in the area. Here's a link to the menu. Click on menu and then click on the category: Five stars for food. 3 stars for service and pricing. Four stars overall. thairock.us/?page=menufo…
We were so excited to see Thai Rock opening up. We've lived in Rockaway since last summer, and bemoaned the culinary choices. We finally made it out today, and it's worth it! The view on the bay is fantastic. The food is really good. Only 2 things kept me from giving 5 stars (& they are minor, in my view) - 1) it WAS a little expensive. My entree was $15 and I'm used to paying around $10. BUT it is a waterfront property, with waterfront seating. AND they say that there will be live music nightly, so you're paying for entertainment too. So I'm ok overall with the price. However, if it gets much more expensive, I'll get takeout in Manhatten and warm it up when I climb off the train. 2) I ordered the Eggplant Cashew with Chicken. My dish had less than 10 cashews total. I like cashews. That's why I ordered the cashew dish. Preferably, i'd have a cashew in each bite. But I had to ration these few cashews thru the whole dish. Nice portion, just short on cashews, for my preference. Otherwise, come on down! Excellent Thai Iced Tea. Oh, and there is almost no parking. I'd like to see that improved
Too bad a place with such a nice view of the bay just can't hold it together.  First off my beer was warm, sent it back and it turned out all the beer was warm.  We had a group of 14  and they decide to send a brand new waitress to serve us ?!?!  I felt bad for the new girl. she tried but just could not handle it.  Orders were wrong, food was cold, took 20 min to get a  drink, .  2 of us never got a main course...  Food was fair at best nothing special at all.  Oh and very poor lighting.  I do not blame the waitress at all, I totallyput this one on the poor management they really dropped the ball.
This bar is the essence of awesomeness. If one does not think that jet ski rental combined with a drinking outdoors by the water, a great Fancy Drink Menu and very good Thai food is not amazing, please resubmit application for my friendship with this information attached and I will reconsider. My larb gai was spicy and delish maybe not the single best I've ever had but the darn good and in this setting with good reggae it is perfect. I crazy love this place. The crowd is that wonderful working-class-living-on-the-water set that is totally 100% authentic New York. Seriously, picture people who don't like this place in straw fedoras and forget them.  Jet ski rental. Outdoor drinking by the water. Rainbowtinis. Very good Thai Food. Come Here.
We have thought about going here for a while and being in Rockaway on a Saturday night the opportunity presented itself. We were looking at the menu outside when a couple came out, we asked them how it was and they raved about it. We went in and had a great night. The food and service were excellent, The music was fun and we have learned varied night to night. The decor works well and highlights the surrounding water. Whether food, entertainment, art or hospitality the owners have a true passion for what  they do. Take the trip, its worth it.
SUMMARY: Great Thai food, tasty drinks, and spectacular waterfront view make for the perfect night after a day at the beach. FOOD: Curries are well-spiced, rice is fresh, noodles are tasty and portions are generous. Thai iced tea is among the best I've had and desserts were good too. SERVICE: Service has improved since the restaurant first opened; it's not fast, but it's also not ridiculously slow. Sip a cocktail and take in the views while you wait for your food to come; it's worth the wait for its freshness! ATMOSPHERE: The wood-heavy interior is at once modern and homely, and the back deck has a commanding view of a pretty slice of Jamaica Bay. Informal but trendy. PRICE: A bit expensive, but you pay for the quality, the views, and the live music. Overall, order smart and it'll be worth it. CONCLUSIONS: Go! Spend the day at the beach and head over to Thai Rock to relax and take in a nice bay breeze.
I have always loved this restaurant for the location, even before it was Thai Rock.  It is a pleasure to sit outside on the deck in the summertime.  I was blown away by the food at Thai Rock.  I would even say it is the best Thai food I've had in NYC.  I recently tried the beef pad see ew which was perfectly flavored and had a generous portion of tender, high quality beef.  I also tried the dumplings and one of the curry dishes.  Nothing disappoints.   When you go, ask to sit in Jack's section.  He is such a fun and friendly waiter....he definitely adds another 5 stars to my review.
Thai party place, delicious turnip dumplings, bland chicken wings and doo doo green curry. Did allow dogs on the majestic deck.
Food rules! Fun atmosphere! A+++
Food was good and the band was great.  Loved sitting out on the deck with views of the bridge and inlet.  Once it got dark it was hard to see the food.  Would have given 4 stars if the staff had been better with customer service.
The service is horrendous while the prices are high.  The prices are as if you are in Manhattan.  Parking is tough, the service stinks.  Portions are small. The one positive is the food is good.
It was like a vacation. Spent 4 blissful hrs jet skiing, tubing, meeting new folks, and dining on the patio in the sunset. The staff are extremely considerate, personable, and accomodating. (If you're an adrenaline junkie, the tubing is insane. $20 per person. Expect to get soaked at a minimum.)  The food is amazing - Thai cuisine at its best. There's live music and open mic night which is when we went. Highly reccomend this place, esp for locals wanting a local escape from the daily grind.
Great deals !
Love them!
I wrote my first review literally the day after this establishment had opened for business, and as I said, my excitement over finally having a Thai restaurant on the Rockaway's was overwhelming.  Since then we have visited about 7 times and, unfortunately, on each visit there was something, some little thing that ruined the dining experience.  Let me say off the bat:  the food is very good, and now, with a better sampling, I can highly recommend the Shrimp Roll and Curry Puff Appetizers, the house salad (great peanut sauce with a nice blend of peanut and coconut milk and a bite of red pepper) the Pad Thai and Pad Kee Mow.  However, the pricing is about 30% higher than it should be and most importantly to us, the management seems more concerned with it's status as a "club" than it is as a place to have a nice, casual dining experience.  We have had to endure tables and chairs being re-arranged all around us (apparently to make room for a band)  interviews being video-taped with lights glaring in our faces, loud conversations across the room by what appeared to be the night's performers and friends of the owner and/or performers (again) wandering aimlessly around their very small space having cell phone conversations, oblivious to the diners, etc...It has reached the point where we've begun to question why we bother to go back to endure all this, given the very high prices.   Anyway, there's a very nice place just across the water and a 15 minute drive away in Sheepshead Bay called Siam Orchid.  The food it just as good and the experience is so much more enjoyable.  Think we're going to go back to our old "local"  haunt.
Disappointing. There were so many rave reviews about this place that I convinced my friends to try it.  BIG MISTAKE. The food was mediocre and not worth the toll bridge at Cross Bay.  It is not in the best neighborhood, there is fake parking (the restaurant is in a dead end street and since some people park in the middle lane, you can get trapped inside or you need to play musical chairs with your cars and move around if you are blocking someone - it's weird.) and on top of that there is construction in the area that made a mess of where you can park and how you can get tot he place.  The bathroom in this place was dirty, smelly and a little broken down -something that reminded me of the bathroom you'd find in a public beach.  The deck that we came for was closed and it looked like the outside bar was a dumping ground for storage so we were all crammed into the inside part of the restaurant in a way that made me wonder if we were violating the building codes for the number of occupancy.  I didn't even get to the review of the food because it took awhile forthe food to get to us.  The service was slow and we were waiting for almost an hour for the food to come out.  I think they forgot us.  To make matters worst, a server dropped food and drinks directly on a customer and broke the glass containing their drink on the patron.  No one even came by us.  It freaked me out because I got a little splash of it on me and some of the broken glass.  Good thing we were already leaving.  In a real restaurant, a manager would have come by to apologize for the poor service or something.  You go out for a meal to have a good time and not be treated poorly - I mean, then I can just stay home and treat myself well and spend less money. So now, the review for the food.  I didn't finish my noodles because they tasted burned. I was starving so I thought I try my friend's food and the fried rice tasted more like curry - which I thought she ordered, but it turns out it was not a curry fried rice dish. Needless to say, she didn't finish her meal and neither did I. We ended up going somewhere else after to grab something else to eat.   I'm glad my friends didn't throw me over the dingy deck esp when the bill came and we had to pay for our overpriced food.  This place sucked and I had to hide my embarassment for ever suggesting this place because if I was angry, it would get everyone else angry. DON'T COME HERE - the reviews are probably from the people who work there because we experienced nothing here that was worth coming for.  Save your money for the meal and the toll.
we call the restaurant to order two entrees and one appetizer for pick-up, which we are told will be ready within 30-40 minutes.  after arriving at the restaurant 40 minutes later, the food is not yet ready.  another 20 minutes go by, it is still not ready.  another half hour later, STILL NO FOOD.  this brings us to 1.5 hours of NO FOOD!  do not tell your customers to come pick up their order in 30-40 minutes if your staff is incapable of preparing food in the designated time frame. suffice to say, we will never be ordering food for pick up from this place again.  it's doubtful we will ever want to enter this place for a sit-down dinner to begin with, unless we have at least 4 hours. i hope to god the service inside the restaurant is not as awful or inconsiderate of their customers' time.
After a few months of growing pains, Thai Rock has surely gotten its act together.  I have gone for weekend brunch as well as dinner.  What a great addition to this area!
Finally Rockaway gets good food! We have been waiting anxiously for this place to open and we were not disappointed. Not sure why the poster below says he paid $20.00 for green curry. It's $15.00 with your choice of chicken, beef, pork. We had two appetizers, 4 mains, rice (no charge) 3 beers and a ginger mojito(great drink). The price for the 4 of us was $100.00. Not cheap, but not expensive given the quality of the food. The Pad See Eew was delicious, as was the green curry. Curry puffs and shrimp dumplings also fresh and delicious.  It was a nasty, rainy night but on a beautiful summer night, the view would be amazing. Great outdoor seating space..  Now I just wish they could make the watercress salad like Sripraphai, I would be in heaven!! .
Totally great food! Is worth it. Absolutely yummy!
Beautiful location, really friendly staff, the food is fairly priced with $7 & $8 appetizers and entrees from $13 -$22. This is the real deal for Thai in Rockaway, the Channel and Howard Beach! Getting to watch the sunset while sipping on a ginger mojito is a great way to spend a Summer evening. Highly recommend you give it a try and make up your own mind. The jazz music on Sunday nights is AMAZING & during the week the music I've heard really rocks on! Don't know what the negative Yelper was talking about, rice came with our $15 curry which was DELISH!
Fantastic food, great service, friendly staff & music is always good. Wonderful for eat in or take out - so delighted this place is in Rockaway. If you are questioning the trip to get here, don't. I guarantee you a most wonderful meal!!!!!!
