Ive included the below review in quotes from a few years ago as a comparative note. My wife and I love outdoor dining and were so disappointed the last few times we haven't returned in at least a year. Nearly wanting to give it another chance soon. Miss the outdoor dining even though it tended to be buggy. "Excellent service, well attended to, polite. Barbequed shrimp - generous portion with grilled asparagus, corn on the cob. Recommend this  place. Outdoor seating by the water and live music a plus"
I'd been wanting to try this place for a while. I had high hopes when we arrived - the deck was nice and I could see it being a good summertime spot on a warm evening. But the food was just Not Good. The bread was stale. Crab cakes were eh. Linguine with clams and mussels was downright gross. Shrimp po' boy was a couple of pieces of shrimp, swallowed up by 2 giant stop n'shop hot dog buns. I ordered a Guinness and it was served in a bottle (at least pour it in a glass?). Oh and I'm willing to bet that the loud drunk lady mentioned in another review was the same loud drunk lady when I was there because I got the feeling she was a regular. That place would be better off sticking to bar food / fried basics because the fries were good as were the few pieces of fried shrimp in the po' boy. Not somewhere that should be charging $20-30+ for an entree. Will not be going back.
Food was ok. Lobster Bisque had no lobster - very thin. Band tonight was really good. Restaurant had a slow night so they stopped the band after one set & stiffed them. Never going back.
This place should be called the shithole it is gross, smells like mildew the bathrooms are filthy i just can't believe anyone would eat the food!! I went for paintnite it was hot as hell all the doors were open and i was killing bugs the whole time....a misery! Oh and the loudmouth drunk lady behind us was the topping on the cake :)
Went here yesterday to attend paint nite! excellent time! The only disappointment would be my food arrived forty minutes after I had ordered it. I ordered lobster bisque and calamari . My mother ordered french onion soup. Everything was really tasty.  The paint nite that apparently is a weekly gig there was a success. The view of the water was also very nice. i would recommend to others ! enjoy!
Not even sure where to start with this review. I called to make a reservation on the outdoor deck for my party of 8 at six pm that evening, which the hostess kindly said she could do. We arrived at the restaurant, told the hostess we had a reservation, to which she responded, "we don't have any tables available." We were confused but decided to wait, and 30 minutes later we were seated outside. We didn't see a waiter for at least 15 min, and despite repeatedly requesting it we didn't have water for 30min. She did provide us with bread, but no plates, silverware or napkins. Two people in my party ordered bloody Marys, which tasted like horseradish on ice. I would not recommend. Our oysters came out one hr after we were seated (with no explanation as to the delay) and one of them had a live worm on it. The server didn't apologize, offer to replace it, or anything of that sort... She simply removed it from the table. Another twenty minutes later our main course arrived. The food was mediocre at best and my side of steamed broccoli had two strange substances in it (that looked like uncooked fish). The only good thing we ordered were the French fries which were delicious. All if this could have been at least addressed, but instead the service was extremely slow, unapologetic, and just plain terrible. I will never go back and cannot believe this place was on the food network....
Good food, good atmosphere. Our waitress could have been a little more attentive,  but the service was good. I would go here again
As we walked in, the owner (Michael) greeted us for our reservation. What a sweet and smiling guy! I'll backtrack with the info that my Mom found this restaurant, called and made the reservation, and Michael was so kind to her on the phone. She had questions about hours, coupons, an a holiday special. Michael must have been nice as my Mom chose this from several contending restaurants. What a great decision! We had a special brunch that was delicious and not too pricey. I recommend the crab cakes and the panini. Service was great and we were not "rushed" like happens now in so many places. I'd like now to go back for a dinner or perhaps on one of their band or karoke nights. Thanks Michael and staff for not only great food, but for treating my Mom with such kindness. You earned 5 stars today before we even walked in the door - but now, I'd give 10 stars for the food was perfect.
We first went to the Porthole a few years ago after seeing the sign on the way home from the beach.  This place truly is a "diamond in the rough."  With the newly paved road, the rough part no longer applies : ). I had the smokehouse pannini and probably have had it just about every time since!  My wife loves to either get the salmon, or mussels over pasta.  We usually order the loaded nachos (easily enough food for 3-4 people) or sampler plate for an appetizer.   In the summer we enjoy sitting out on the deck and watching the sunset.  Every time we go, there seems to be a band playing which adds to the great overall dining experience.   Rob(?) the bartender is awesome, and a reason to go in itself just for the extra company! + There was a great selection of bottled beer as well.
This was our Thursday night hangout last summer/autumn, due to the weekly Karaoke contest.   An ever changing array of Bartenders made it difficult to develop a "regular" rapport, but for the most part they were genial.  The wait staff in the restaurant has always been knowledgeable, tidy and courteous. The location aside, this is an excellent alternative to "The Fishery," which has become so packed with Nautical Mile rejects I can't step foot in it past 7:00.  Porthole is located in a commercial back area which can be confusing to some, but it's quiet location away from most residences makes it a perfect spot to enjoy the outdoor deck bar without fear of angering neighbors.   The menu is mainstay pub food, though the French Onion soup is fantastic.  The Chicken tidbits leave something to be desired, but most of the other fare is above average.   Where the porthole shines for me is the beer selection.   Aside from the fact that there are few draft choices, they regularly serve Guinness, Bass, Sam Adams, Brooklyn Lager (a huge + in my book), Stella and a good number of other imports as well as traditional domestics. All in all, the Thursday night Karaoke is a blast with either of two DJs (Gerry or Paul) and the atmosphere is friendly.  I struggled between 3 and 4 stars as it's a "local" establishment (as opposed to a destination spot), but "Porthole" is what it is and excellent at it.
The funny part about this pic is they dont show you how beat up the deck and walls are that have to look at when sitting out there. Anyway, thats not why im here, went to michaels today and was very dissapointed. My 2 lb lobster was over cooked and chewy. I kept eating it because it took 25 min. For that one, i didnt want to wait for another. I originally ordered mussels, then changed it, what a mistake. I was going to bring what was left home to maybe put it in a bisque but decided there was no way to fix this . I just waisted $46. On it. Also..it was too hot out so we moved inside where it was worse, i started to sweat, no air condition and it was stuffy, like sitting in a closet. NEVER AGAIN! !!! IF I HAD 100 THUMBS, THEY WOULD ALL BE POINTING DOWN! !!
The restaurant isn't hidden as much as it's literally off the beaten path. There's the sign, immediately turn right. Turn right again. Drive down a road buffeted by boat yards and houses that are surprisingly inhabited, and then, on the right, is Michael's Porthole. The location is like a peek back in time to the "old times" of the small communities of southwestern Nassau. Roomy seating inside and outside on the deck overlooking Mill River, an actual pleasant view compared to some of the other restaurants along the channels and creeks. I've eaten a number of entrees. There's not much in the way of mindblowing but they do their thing very well. Solid steaks, delicious seafood, friendly service.
Went there today. Food was really good and service was great..also had a guy playing guitar and singing which was entertaining... I  definitely would go back!!
On a Saturday night, the food and service were the worst. Crab Cakes without any crab does not do it for me. Waiting 45 minutes for food when the place is not crowded also does not do it for me. I would never step foot in that place again.
Horrible service. Waited 20 minutes in an empty restaurant to be seated. Waited 25 minutes at the table for a waiter who never came. Maitree'd ineffective; left without eating. Worst experience in a restaurant in  over 40 years. I was forced to give this restaurant one star but wanted to give no stars.
Great service and Michael the owner is a hell of a nice guy.  He also treats bands well that play there.  If you dont pack the place he still pays them.  he owner club owner that gets it.  It is not the bands job to pack your place, it is also the owners job.  Michael wish there were more club resturant owners like you.
First time eating here and judging from the previous reviews, I guess they improved everything because I loved my experience. Wonderful service, got drinks and bread right away. The waiter was extremely kind, genuine, and attentive. Ordered the shrimp wrap and it was delicious! Light and tasty. My mom got the crab crusted tilapia which I tried and it was very good. No complaints here. Will definitely be back! :)
Had the worst over priced meal I have ever had. The food was not so good and the waiter was very pushy. Also didn't explain that things would cost more and called them specials but were actually more than the menu listed price.
I absolutely love this place. First off, it's on the Waterfront and during the summer  months it is breathtaking to sit outside at one of the tables. You can also sit at the bar which half of it is outside and the other half is inside. There is also another bar that is inside the restaurant. The owner Mike is personable and friendly. The staff is just the same. I think this place has the BEST SLIDERS and only $8.00 dollars for three. It is listed as an appetizer, but to me, it's a meal. The House Fries and the Raw Bar entree is amazing. The Raw Bar entree plate is all cold food items and it is so filling. During the week on select nights and of course on the weekends they have bands. Blues, Motown and the likes, some really good music.I believe during the winter months Michael's is only open select nights, but once it starts to warm up, check this place out, you will not be disappointed. Alot of the times that I have been in there it is not too busy and unfortunately it is because of the location. Michael's is located off Atlantic Avenue, along side the East Rockaway Train tracks. You literally have to turn down a street alongside the tracks and for that reason, people miss this place. They even repaved the road leading to the restaurant and for years, this road was a broken up graveled street.
I went to this restaurant years ago as a kid.  Its been around a long time and its changed owners many times i think as well.   The surrounding area driving to the restaurant is all run down.  When I got there the place was just as run down and my boyfriend and I were way over dressed.  The wait staff was young and very sweet.  The baked clams consisted of mounds of breadcrumbs w CHEWY bits of clams..yuck. Fried calama was ehh but nothing special.  Felt like a fast food type of seafood place.  The food was decent except for the baked clams and clams that came in my lobster paella which i thought to be not soo fresh.  My boyfriend had the spicy mussels over linguine the mussels were fresh but the sauce had little taste.  The drinks were cheap but my pineapple margarita tasted like plain pineapple juice.  Then there were the lovely patrons, a drunken old man that called me a rude bitch when i walked past his drunken group of sailors and failed to acknowledge his "how you doin there honey".  Blahh definitely will not be returning there!
