Cute store with character and many items to buy (clothes, shoes, scarves, and accessories)! It reminds me of Francesca's but more orderly and unique. I prefer shopping at boutiques than at a mall/chain store and Peppermint fits the bill! I'll have to be careful and try not to buy everything in the store. Friendly service - I'm definitely coming back here!
FINALLY! I found the one jacket I've been searching for season after season. It's a green military jacket and I got it for $36. It's not anything surprisingly unique so I'm sure you're wondering why it took me this long to find one. BUT. I never found the *right* one elsewhere. There were a few I tried on at other shops. They either fit weird or were too expensive. Thank goodness for her Instagram because I probably would have missed out otherwise. I saw the pic and scooted right over there. Even though I was on a mission for that jacket (yay, it fit and looked great!), I perused the shop keeping my sister and friends in the back of my mind for future gift ideas. The shop is filled with adorable dresses, a few custom Peppermint designs, shoes, tons of scarves and jewelry. It's a 20/30-something's dream shop. P.S. I have commented on a few dresses from people around town (i.e. Voula from Voula's Greek Sweets) and half the things she owns are from Peppermint. Adorable and I wish I had them myself. Clearly, it's a sign I need to shop here more. So I will. I shall restock my fall wardrobe at Peppermint.
I have been shopping at Peppermint since the fall of 2012 when I popped in to get a gift certificate for a friend. I came back the following week to shop for myself and haven't stopped. Tanvi designs affordable and unique apparel; and also stocks the most interesting accessories around. I've never been unhappy with a purchase and even had her custom design my dress for a gala I attended last year. I'm happy to recommend the store to friends and anyone interested in finding something 'minty fresh.'
Peppermint is a great little addition to Park Ave boutiques. I am most impressed with their selection of accessories. They have so many necklaces, earrings, etc, and a few pairs of cute hand-selected shoes. The prices are reasonable, and they do carry *some* local items. I hope to see more local love in the future, but the shop definitely carries a lot of unique products. It's in a great spot to pop in, and right now they have some sweaters that are very funky chic!
Cutest clothes and accessories at totally reasonable prices and a super friendly lovable pup make Peppermint the best place in Rochester for girls to shop! Also a great place to buy gifts for people.  They always post pictures on instagram of stuff they have that is new which I find really helpful.
Selection, value, style. What more could you ask for?! Oh, you want an adorable doggy hanging out in the window display, too? Well, you're in luck, my friend, this place has all that. I've always preferred boutiques to chain stores, when I was younger it was the whole "she's wearing my dress!" scenario, and now it's just a matter of getting something that has a better feel to it. A specialness that mall stores lack. However, mall stores have well stocked clearance racks and sale sale sale signs up everywhere you look. I tend to be out of my budget when shopping at boutiques. This store changes that. Not only does Peppermint offer a great selection of adorable dresses, fun shorts, and cute tops, they are all reasonably priced. The clothing feels like it actually was put together by someone that cares, the styles are well thought out and have a trendy feel but still classic so you won't be donating your closet at the end of every season. The dresses range from fun casual to just barely semi-formal. I was looking for something for an afternoon wedding and found a few different options that would suit my needs. I also found some adorable dressy shorts, but I was here for one thing and one thing only and I only glanced through them quickly enough to know I will be back to try a some on. The sizing is typically s/m/l, so says the girl at the counter who I think is actually the owner of the store and also designer of many of the items. They have a few different labels in addition to their own, but I didn't find any XS nor any XL, but I didn't look through *everything* so you may find different. The smalls fit, but were not snug and in a couple cases looked a bit loose and I'm typically a 4 or so. I was looking for a dress that would be nice enough for a wedding but not overly dressy so it could also be worn on a more regular basis. Many of the dresses I tried on were not too leggy but not frumpy, either. There were a couple shorter dresses, a few maxis, it was a nice mix to choose from. The accessories were displayed for easy browsing but I resisted the temptation to poke through the many earrings and scarves. As I paid with my cc on her iPad and was emailed the receipt, I eyed a couple of pairs of adorable earrings that were about $15 each. Scarves were around $20 I believe, but don't quote me on that I was trying to stay focused on my mission at hand. They have shoes, too, which I didn't even glance at because my shoe closet is overflowing. I'm very excited to have found a reasonably priced local boutique were adorableness abounds. This place really is as good as it gets!
Very friendly staff, lovely clothes, mostly reasonable prices.
My favorite Rochester Boutique! Great place to pick up a unique, one-of-kind dress or funky accessories. I love supporting local artists and my local economy. Every time I've been to Shop Peppermint, Tanvi is friendly, welcoming  and strikes up a conversation with ease. She has a great fashion sense which is seen in her trendy clothing line as well as the lines from other designers that she carries in her store. Great little gem!! The front window display is always an eye catcher too!
I stopped in Peppermint shortly after they opened last year, and I've continued to return almost on a weekly basis!  I love how original the clothes are, and that they only have a couple in each size so you are sure to be wearing something original in Rochester. I'm a huge fan of the dresses, I have too many to count.  I also love the local artists that sell jewelry and accessories there.  From frequenting the store, Tanvi and other staff have become friends of mine, and they are always welcoming to all that come in and care to chat about fashion/Rochester.  I'm looking forward to Peppermint's debut runway show next weekend and have a special dress to wear to the event created by Tanvi herself!
So many cute things, I wish I could just go on a spree! Great supporter of craftspeople - awesome funky window displays - and comfy, cute but flattering clothes.
Shop Peppermint is the latest women's clothing boutique to pop up in Rochester's trendy Park Avenue neighborhood. Tucked right behind World Hair, Shop Peppermint is a small space packed with big talent. Owner and designer Tanvi Asher, originally from Dubai (so cool) is a Rochester Institute of Technology graduate with a real eye for design. I spent numerous Saturday mornings at Shop Peppermint this past summer checking out dresses to wear to the next local festival (Lilac, Jazz fest, East End, Cornhill, Greentopia, Park Ave Fest etc); so many festivals, so little time. During my visits I chatted with the super friendly and trendy Asher about her store and her designs. The store, which opened in April 2012 is filled with colorful dresses of all lengths, silk tops and skirts and shorts. The clothes which are half her design (look for the peppermint label) mixed with designer goods are well made and have a fair price point considering they are one of kind designs. The most notable items have to be the accessories. Scattered throughout the store are various scarves, bracelets, make-up cases and clutches, amongst plenty of other trinkets. Shop Peppermint was also featured as part of Rochester Fashion Week back in September, the show proved to be competition for other local boutiques. I've never left empty handed and a recent visit got me thinking about what a great place Shop Peppermint is going to be for holiday gifts, a party dress or even the perfect festival outfit.
