I've visited Parkleigh ever since I was a little kid. I used to beg my mom for these hazelnut creme chocolates that came shaped like cone shells with gold foil wrapped around them. Unfortunately, they no longer carry those chocolates any more, but they did introduce me to my love of hazelnut chocolates. They carry a variety of items from playsets for young children, artisan jewelry, gourmet food items, and vast amount of Mackenzie Childs kitchenware. You are bound to find something for everyone here. Prices range from a few dollars to the more pricey artisanal pieces that are unique. I bought a dark chocolate peanut butter cup from the case to snack on and it was great! The chocolate was rich and tasted delicious with the creamy peanut butter in it and it was a large size. (It was the size of my fist!) Staff for the most part leave customers explore the shop on their own but they are happy to help assist customers with anything. I will be back to visit this shop.
What the heck happened there??!!! This shop used to be the end all, be all in up to the minute trendsetting.... well, stuff.  They had the best wrapping paper, the best assortment of exotic (albeit pricey) coffee, and the nicest gift items (perfect for someone snooty).  Now it's like a corner junk shop.... no, a bad neighborhood gift shop.... a Stop and Go without the fountain drinks. Gone are the hip (and snotty as all get out) sales staff, gone are the cool cards and gift wrap (did they hire a buyer from Hallmark?), gone are the overpriced cool shoes and small boutique style clothing department, and gone are the beautiful handmade serving plates and such.   It's a sad hole of yester years.
I love this store. It is a mite pretentious perhaps, but I like that once in a while :) I am a boston native, after all, there is snob in my blood. Parkleigh is an especially good place to find a gift for a female. It definitely has a feminine vibe going on here. I don't get the whole vera bradley thing, but if you are wanting that, they have a good selection. Parkleigh has  many novel unique items that I have seen nowhere else. I bought myself a nice little Thymes botanical parfum which I am really enjoying. Coffee bean selection is pretty decent.  Quality confections and sweets, I believe some of the chocolates are from Hedonist. It is a little expensive here... But once in a while its a nice treat. The customer service is really stellar I must say. The sales associates here go above and beyond to please their customers, old school style, which is rare these days.They greet and acknowledge every patron that comes in their door, ask if you need gift packaging (and they really do it up, not just throw it in a box and call it a day). The small niceties add up, so for service alone, 5 stars;)
I'm giving this place three stars only because of the out-of-neighborhood people it brings to Park Avenue.  I don't know of any people in this neighborhood that actually shop at Park Avenue. I agree with Kimberly J. "I would shop here if I needed to get a gift for someone I didn't know. Like, Oh,  A great aunt I never see. Or a snooty mother-in-law to be. Know what I mean?"  Yes, I know exactly what you mean. I never want anything in the store.  I might stop in for a card to send a friend, or some coffee or tea, but that's it.  When my mother visits from out of town she likes to stop in there, but she never seems to buy anything. Anyway, like I said, I'm giving this place three stars for being good neighbors (their grounds are clean, the business looks nice, etc.).  And if you don't live in the area but are near this place, then stop in and give it a chance.  If you have lots of money, even better.
My love for Parkleigh has waxed and waned over the years, but I cannot deny that it is still probably one of the best home goods and gift shops in the area.  Chocolates, stationery, writing instruments, coffee, gifts, makeup and body care products... this place has just about everything for anyone.  The people running this place clearly know what they're doing and do an excellent job keeping the stock fresh and up to date.
The perfect place to buy a gift for most females. And some males too! I know Parkleigh is overpriced, but the convenience and variety of it always triumphs. From bath and body products (a large selection of Crabtree and Evelyn), to wonderful Thymes candles, wonderful coffee beans, cute kitchen accessories, to jewelry, Vera Bradley, specialty candy and creative paper products, this shop has an eclectic selection and a bustling Park Ave vibe. Steady yourself before you head to the cash register, though. All those "cute little gifts" can easily rack up a price tag close to $100 or more without you realizing it!
I don't care how expensive Parkleigh is, I am in love with it! It has the cutest items especially if you are into little quirky key chains, stationary, typical gift shop stuff etc. There is jewelry, a whole bunch of delicious chocolates, coffee, make-up, skin care products, Vera Bradley-everything, and more. The only thing about this store I am not impressed with is it's tiny parking lot -_-. Otherwise, it is my favorite gift shop.
During my thirteen years in Rochester, Parkleigh was one of my two favorite stores (the other being Craft Company #6).  It's true that Parkleigh is kind of a yuppie store and it's also true that some of their items are expensive - but the old adage "you get what you pay for" basically applies in this case.  They always had a great selection - and even though the items aren't made by artisans, I loved browsing (and buying) there.  Admittedly I never bought anything outrageously expensive, but I often bought cards (their selection is quite extensive and really great), coffee beans, cute little books, things like coffee mugs....the sales people were always very pleasant, without exception - and considering how many times I went there over the years, that's saying a *lot*.  I also met the owner a few times and he's a *very* friendly person.
As a new yorker come to settle in Rochester, this is one of my favorite stores. They have an eclectic selection of goods which seem to change constantly. I often look to them for special gifts (for example, they have a nice selection of silver jewelry) and silly gifts (for example, I recently purchased a mood calendar for my husband). Although some of their prices may be on the high side, I've found that it really depends on what you are buying. For example, I have purchased a nice piece of silver jewelry for about $30 (a bargain in my book). The atmosphere is nice and the staff have always been friendly to me. They have free parking in their own lot behind the store and they offer free gift wrapping! I recommend this store if you're looking for something different or special!
great place to shop for gifts, knickknacks, window shopping, and time killing, but other than that, I don't see much reason to make a dash here. the few times i've visited this store the merchandise has looked the same - i'm not in rochester a lot, but i'm already over it.
This is a great store for browsing, you never know what you might find!  There's a great selection of Vera Bradley bags, gourmet chocolates, and even novelty toys.  I love getting birthday presents and cards here because they have things you'd never find anywhere else.  Stuff can be pricey, but you're almost guaranteed to find something fabulous and quirky.
I know Parkleigh is expensive but I still love checking it out every once in awhile to try to find some unusual trinkets for my mantle or office. They have great chocolates and after any holiday you can find some good clearance items if you're a thrifty shopper like myself.
The perfect mix of quirky and classy stuff. Gifts, cards, apparel, jewelry, mouthwatering chocolates, plus coffee samples and weekly special events. Sign up for their email list to stay in the know.
If you love Vera Bradley, fine beauty products and gourmet gifts - Parkleigh is your Mecca! Nothing else in Rochester compares.
One of the most unique shopping experiences in Rochester.  Expensive items.  Great selection of greeting cards.
Ah, Parkleigh. A store filled with simply amazing products and fantastic chocolate. Who could go wrong? They carry a line of Bloomsberry and Vosges Haut Chocolate that I always feel the need to pick up one of either company's newest and craziest concoctions. A bacon chocolate bar? Sounds gross, but it's AMAZING. You could call it a breakfast chocolate. Beyond an array of handmade chocolates and petit fours there's a card selection that cannot be beat. If you're into Vera Bradley bags they have everything you could pretty much want, including stationery (they sometimes do sales, so be on the lookout!). They sell jewerly and shoes (though I'm not too keen on any pairs I've seen there), soaps and perfumes. They do this thing called Banana Thursday where they choose a random Thursday of the current month and give bananas to their customers. I'm also pretty sure that it signifies some kind of sale, but I can't remember if that's right. Their staff is really the only reason that it gets four stars instead of five. They have their good days and their bad, but their bad days are more like being a little indifferent. I've never had any of them give an attitude, but for such an amazing place you expect the staff to be just as cheerful.
No matter how many times I go into this store I consistently find new things that I have never seen before.  It is almost like it is several small stores inside of one store.  They always have someone giving samples of coffee, candy, or really anything they sell in the store.  If you need to pick up a card and don't want the standard run of the mill Wal-Mart card this is definitely the place to go.  They have all sorts of different little gifts that I haven't seen anyplace else. The coffee selection is amazing, so many different flavors from a lot of different vendors.  A lot of different place settings, mugs, and all other things that you could need for the kitchen. There is always staff in every department that can answer any questions you have and will spend as much time with you as needed. If you need a gift, or just want to spend an hour or so looking at interesting and random things, there is not better place to go in the area.
How in the world did I not ever visited this place before? The ultimate Gift Shop and spoiling one self store!  I was really impressed with the stationary selection and novelty items.  They seem to carry a lot of themes, many are humorous.  I suggest that you shop for your boss or coworker with ease on any budget.  There is always something that will put a smile to any face! I really loved the novelty items in the back for dining and kitchen ware.  I am a fan of Fred products both for personal use and gifting.  I tend to stick to stores like Home Goods for these and was surprised, and yet not, to see they were carried here.  Naturally I was very giddy!   For some reason I always thought of this place to be more of a mature nature.  I am so happy to be proven so wrong.  For goodness sakes, they carry Poo-Pourri!  I thought this stuff was a myth!  SRSLY, there are a few pple in my office building that can benefit from this. Skip the mall. Forget Barnes & Noble.  Get your gifts here!
I come in here all the time for GIFTS. They've got great: CARDS  both serious and funny CHOCOLATE some locally made like Hedonist and some globally made like Moe's and Godiva ACCESSORIES they have really reasonably priced scarves, slippers, and headbands. They have a food/kitchen wing of the store that often has samples and demos They don't have too much in the gifts for dudes department. They carry an excessive amount of Vera Bradley which I can't afford anyway. My go to gift store in Rochy
Mom wanted a Vera Bradley wallet for Mother's Day. Google told me to go to Parkleigh. I had no idea that I'd be in for such a treat. The day before Mother's Day, it was an understandable madhouse. But the staff kept on smiling and being helpful. They even had a parking assistant in the parking lot. Inside we moseyed through a surprising array of unique gifts and trinkets, and beautiful case of decadent deserts, household decorations, costume pieces, glorious socks that I simply must go back and purchase for my collection, jams, jellies, and even unique incognito drinking flasks that I really wish I had in my possession during my college days. We were even offered a sample of coffee that totally rocked my world. We found exactly what we were looking for, received free gift wrapping, and went on our way...
Parkleigh is a very unique gift shop. It was a pharmacy until the late 1980's but now they only operate as a gift store. I go mostly for the candy shop and the Crabtree and Evelyn. They have shaving soap and shaving brushes which can be difficult to find, and some very nice soaps and lotions. They have nice coffee and jewelry sections, and the candy selection is quite extensive. They have Godiva, Moonstruck, and Hedonist chocolates. As well as beautiful petit fours and many other deluxe style candies. They are a bit pricey, but if you're looking for a special treat for yourself or a friend it's a good place to go.
I went into Parkleigh today to kill time before an engagement. I spent a LOT of time in the card section. They have a selection of cards that I could actually buy  without the really lame birthday jokes, or a father's day card all about golf and ties...found some funny ones that didn't make me want to gauge my eyes out. They also have a lot of cards and postcards with gorgeous illustrations of Rochester on them. A lot of the stuff like Mackenzie Childs, Crabtree and Evelyn, Vera Bradley, etc. isn't my style but they have funny gag gifts and books too on the left when you first walk in. Lots of beautiful summer scarves are out now. Also a good selection of jewelry. The coffee shop section is mad cool. The barista/bean grinder man offered me a sample of the banana crème blend and it was delicioso. I would totally go back to Parkleigh to give someone a pound of their coffee-20+ blends to choose from. I like the staff here because they are friendly and helpful but not the kind that attacks as soon as you walk in the door, breathing down your neck making you feel like you have to buy something before you leave. Props.
Parkleigh is the perfect place to find unique gifts for birthdays, holidays, or just because. I always end up picking up a little something for myself too. I love how they're always changing up the stock so you can find something new in each visit - from quirky kitchen utensils to jewelry to the always funny knock knock products. During the holidays they usually have a promotion where you get "bucks" for purchases that you can use the last few days of the month. I usually end up treating myself to the diverse selection of chocolates by moonstruck and hedonist. They often have seasonal flavors that are unexpected and made into such cute animals or shapes...they're impossible to resist.
The cutest shop and my favorite things in the whole world: Gourmet chocolates Petite four cakes Stationary Girly skin care stuff YAY!!
I used to like shopping at this place. They do have an expansive array of cosmetic products (mama likey) and great little cards. Everything else is 1) far too expensive and 2) made to express a socially acceptable amount of funkiness. "Look at this crazy bag I picked up at Parkleigh. I know it's mass produced , but, it makes me feel so rebellious and unique." I always give it a look when I come home, but I try to stick to candy, cards and cosmetics.
Parkleigh is for the yuppies. That's all I've got to say about that.
I used to shop here all the time. At first, it was novel. But then I have sort of realized it is just a bunch of overpriced... well... junk. Cute stuff? Of course. I would shop here if I needed to get a gift for someone I didn't know. Like, Oh,  A great aunt I never see. Or a snooty mother-in-law to be. Know what I mean?   I like that they have seasonal candies, but you really are just paying for the Parkleigh sticker they put on the package. (I'm not even joking, that is what they do, they just buy a big bulk bag of candy and then put them in little clear bags with a Parkleigh sticker on them.) One thing I would go in this store for though is cute greeting cards. Good selection. Calarmari's review is pretty dead on. If you need a gift for someone, I would check out the Craft Company on University where they support a lot of local artist's handmade goods.
Parkleigh has been around for years. Pretentious.... no. But if they are, they are entitled too. :) From classy to eccentric - they have a wide selection of inventory. And the chocolate truffle choice are a must purchase. Well... at least one for the road. I recommend stopping in to check it out.  A must visit while in town.
Secret: I love gift shops. Unnecessary knick knacks, cards, jewelry, miscellaneous goods, overpriced bath care products. Love it. I can spend days inside these types of places. I could probably spend a pretty large chunk of change if I was permitted. But at the end of the day I don't have that kind of cash to drop on a novelty journal and foot cream. This shop was incredibly adorable and really well merchandised. I kept finding new rooms, new displays, new items to desire! Lots of high-end gifts were to be found here as well. I ended up folding and bought myself a very adorable Vera Bradley iPhone case along with some special moustache and photography themed gifts for a close friend. Not a place to go if you're feeling like some retail therapy, but lots to browse and helpful staff.
Such a great shop for gifts and cards.  Always unique, funny and interesting things.  Customer service is excellent! Yes, things there are upscale, trendy and sometimes a bit wild and outlandish.  But if you want to see the same homogenous sterile crap over and over again, shop at a Hallmark for your Thomas Kinkade prints and Precious Moments figurines.   If you want something out of the ordinary and unique - this is the place to go first.
Great gift shop! Crabtree and Evelyn, mackensie childs, Vera Bradley, chocolate, coffee, and various gifts. Today used a 20% any mackensie childs and picked up a new dog bowl! Love the courtly check!
I love this place. It might be trendy and expensive, but it's also cute and fun to look around. Whenever I'm nearby, I try to stop in to look around. They have some of the best licorice candies I've ever had (licorice caramels). Their staff is friendly and attentive, and their selection of merchandise is diverse and interesting. There aren't any real *original* things to buy there, but their selection of mass-produced goods is special enough (Vera Bradley, McKenzie-Childs, coffees, teas, candies, etc.). But as a warning: be careful parking at night. I parked my car in their parking lot one night, went in, and when I came back 30 minutes later, it was broken into.
The only things holding me back in my previous review was the attitude of the staff. I stopped in (absolute madhouse!) during the Park Ave Open House last night and was greeted with several sincere and happy hellos & welcomes despite the crowd of shoppers. I loved the unique offerings from hamburger wrapping paper and passive aggressive note pads to the array of interesting cards and specialty coffee (the smell! Heaven I tell ya!). Perfect place to pick up something special for any occasion.
I wish I had discovered Parkleigh sooner during my time in Rochester. In fact, I wish I had discovered a lot more places along Park Ave sooner. But alas, there is no point in moaning and groaning about it. It's better late than never and I definitely mean this for Parkleigh. It is an adorable, eclectic shop that I can easily spend a few hours browsing in. Sure, it's kind of expensive for Rochester, but who cares? They have such unique, adorable stuff that you can't find in places like Walmart or Target. I love the range of items they have to offer from cards and stationary, jewelry, stuffed animals, Vera Bradley merchandise, Crabtree and Evelyn products to gourmet chocolates and coffees! You can buy a bag of chocolate covered peanuts and munch on them as you browse the store. They have a really great selection of coffees as well. The creme brulee blend is smooth and not too bold; I bought half a pound for my parents and they loved it. They even have Kiehl's products! (I am absolutely in love with Kiehl's Supremely Gentle Eye Makeup Remover. It is indeed supremely gentle.) I haven't found many places that sells Kiehl's products so it was wonderful to discover that Parkleigh carried them. Overall, I'm a fan of Parkleigh; it's a great place to shop for gifts and little trinkets (or not so little trinkets). I approve.
Parkleigh has been a Rochester staple for over 50 years and to this day they continue to provide the very best in unique gifts, supplies, skin care and even coffee. Parkleigh is truly a Rochester gem. Where else in the world (ok, I'm sure there are other places) can you get chocolate covered gummy bears (A-mazing) with your gift wrap, shampoo and dish wear?! Really, where?! Parkleigh has it all and seriously something for everyone. Parkleigh was the first place I went when I got my license. It's where I go when I need birthday cards (they give you free stamps on Mondays) or when I need a gift for a coworker (clever office supplies). Most importantly it's where I go when I need my chocolate fix. The center of the store is a large dessert case with caramel truffles and hazelnut chocolate bars amongst a plethora of chocolate treats, still I opt for my chocolate covered gummy bears every time. Aside from the unusual gifts and treats Parkleigh is stocked with name brand goods like MacKenzie-Childs, Vera Bradley and Kiehls so you could do some serious shopping here. Parkleigh is like Target or Wegmans in the sense that you leave with way more than you ever intended to buy, even type A's like myself seem to lose all self control. Things to note: Parkleigh has a monthly calendar that highlights all of their specials and events. Their annual Park Avenue Festival sale is worth checking out, I got a set of silk hangers for $5 last year! (Did I need these? Absolutely not). If you buy greeting cards on Mondays, they'll give you the stamp to mail it. If you buy a pound of coffee on a Sunday, they'll throw in the New York Times for free! So many great reasons to check out Parkleigh only a store with this much panache could weather 50 years in business. And trust me on the chocolate covered gummy bears
I shop here a few times a year when I'm looking for unique gifts for special occasions.  Today I went in looking for a suitable graduation gift.  My little babysitting charge is all grown up and going to college and I wanted to get something special. I was in luck, I found a cute set of magnets (who can use magnets in a dorm room?) and the perfect Moleskine journal!  I was very pleased. I occasionally get chocolates here, and it's always good.  The staff is generally friendly, but it can be a little crowded in there and that's sometimes uncomfortable if you're just browsing.
I went in here after a friend suggested it. This is one HUGE gift shop chock full of gifts, cards and funky little tidbits. They have home goods, useful things and stuff you didn't know you wanted. Large selection of Vera Bradly. They must do swift business bc the place was PACKED on a Saturday morning - phone ringing off the hook. They can handle it though with specialized sales clerks for different areas who were easy to find. Complimentary gift wrapping and off street parking are nice perks. Go when you're looking for a little something different.
