Best thing about this place: NO BLARING WALL OF TVs so you can thus GET A SEAT. Might explain why it's not packed on a Friday night like the raucous joints around it - they can have it - I come to the beach to unwind from NYC. The rub is they close at 8pm, as it's seen as more of a breakfast/lunch/place. The paninis aren't the typical crispy, super compressed kind - it's a fluffier rosemary focaccia. Feeling in Thanksgiving mode I ordered the String bikini panini - very juicy  oven roasted turkey (not the dark meat I prefer, but not the dreary carved-deli kind either), cranberry, brie and red onion. A friend warned me that the bread is very thick so I half jokingly asked them for a low carb version - as in "dig out the dough from the bread like in a ban mi..." and they actually went ahead and did it!!!!! (bill had "Dig Out Dough" printed on it). There's a raft of baked goods that are much higher end you'd expect at the beach, by a proper pastry chef. Owner and staff are super friendly. This place is worth patronizing.
Still one of the best breakfast places near Long Beach and my personal favorite. I would maybe give it 3 stars if this were a restaurant in Brooklyn - but in context I think 4 stars is absolutely fair. And I'm very happy they are still open and dealing well with the challenging post-Sandy situation (they're open after all!). The servers are very friendly and attentive. The food (and plenty of it) is quite good. They are in the process of expanding within the building, so I'm looking forward to seeing what they come up with. I had tried most vegetarian options in the past and had the Saron panini which was quite good and definitely a full meal. $9 seemed a bit much at first, but next time I won't order the latte (served in a glass, French style, and the espresso really isn't very good) and will go with one of their smoothies, or iced coffee drinks, which is usually safer for a helpless coffee snob like me. You get free refills for your drip coffee though, which is nice. Will check it out again soon to see if they go through with a takeout area to avoid long lines and waiting times on weekends. Although the new seating area indoors is quite efficient and well done. Little side story: last time the chef cook shows up at our table, serving an extra order of one of the items. He said he wasn't satisfied with the way the first one came out - we didn't think there was anything wrong with the original order. Gotta say - pretty cool to see that he takes pride in his work. And the new plate was even better!
Three stars for service. Everything about this place is slow. I've been the only customer and still waited 15 mins. Delivery is a nightmare. Aside from that I can't complain about any of the food. Everything I've tried has been very good. I like that they serve alcohol as well
Ordered delivery... Everyone was happy with their food..Cajun fries were spicy and delicious.
Im going to keep this review very short and simple, and this is more of an advise than anything else.  IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW NOT TO TREAT A CUSTOMER, COME TO PANINIS AND BIKINIS.  Worse customer service than 24 hour bagel.
Very delicious Panninis and salads, had the itsy bikini Panini and it was great, in fact my kids loved the food so much that they insisted on taking the trip down from queens just to have lunch. The service was a but slow, but the waitress was very attentive and the meal was certainly worth the wait.
Can't check-in because I've only ever had take-out from here, but it is delicious, with the freshest ingredients. I've tried my family members' New York Avenue, Buffalo, Sarong, and Cubano. I have always had the Avocado salad and they don't skimp on it! The chocolate chip cookie is excellent, but the Carrot Cake bread pudding is out of this world. Do not share it- you'll regret that more than you'll regret consuming all of the calories. Biggest deterrent is the price. Expect a semi-expensive lunch.
Customer service hello! I saw a lady from the kitchen bring my wrap up to the cashier and all she did was  stare at the receipt and put the wrap aside. Hello I gave you my name so you're suppose to call it out when my order is ready. I had to approach the cashier to tell her I was waiting for my order. 20 min wait for a wrap , really??!! You guys suck big time
Good post beach-morning food - and quite cheap. Service from the kitchen is a bit slow when they get busy.
I have eaten here four to six times and I like the paninis. The place fits the  new trendy decor of long beach.   But the service is slow SLOW.  I visited this weekend and there are so many people working and it took 30-40 minutes for a paninis.  When I asked what was taking so long the response was...you are so lucky that you put your order in when you did because we are slammed with large to go orders.   Really....apologize and Just check the order in the kitchen and ensure that  it gets out to the customer ASAP.    The slow factor is just getting worse this summer.   I am wondering if they really understand how long it should take to make a grilled chicken paninis?  They need To really get clear on how to separate service for customers in the  store and the orders coming in from the beach houses.
So tired of the cocky attitude this place has toward customers. The food has gone increasingly "fast food" - pre-packed, microwaved. Too bad. It was once a good place to eat now it's not even a last resort. We just paid for the rubber chicken and soggy bread for THE LAST TIME.
When I lived in Long Beach before Hurricane Sandy, Paninis & Bikinis was fantastic. Unique sandwiches, friendly staff, fun atmosphere, & even the slow service was excusable because they just seemed to be so busy all the time & the food was so great. I went there today for the first time in 2 years & it was terrible. The sandwiches were significantly smaller. The waiter told me they were out of grilled chicken, so 50% of the items on the menu weren't even available. After ordering (with only 2 of the bread options available from the 4 listed on the menu), he came back to tell me they didn't have my order with the particular bread I requested (are these sandwiches pre made now?!). When the order finally arrived the food tasted old. My boyfriends' chicken (fried) was dry & rubbery. My wrap (no longer panini due to lack of bread) was soggy & had a strange flavor as well. It was honestly like elementary school cafeteria food. I understand if money is tight from recovering from the hurricane but maybe the restaurant should have closed for a little while as things were being repaired. Such a shame since it use to be so good.
The panini was delicious. I ordered one the veggie options with zucchini and spinach. Cute place. In another review someone said it was small. I wouldn't agree. The place has a nicely sized seating area. I like their menu. And I love love the music! 50's vibe, great food, service was good. Will certainly come back. One thing I didn't like though was the carrot and ginger soup. The ratio carrot to ginger was off and the overwhelming taste of ginger made it taste bitter so I didn't card about the soup. Despite that, the panini made up for it.
I went with my wife for lunch at panins and bikinis using a groupon coupon.The restaurant iteslf is small but very airy and attractive. We ordered a chicken and turkey panini on souredough bread and a side of fries. Both paninis were excellent and the fries were very good.However at a cost of 13 apiece without fries they were somewhat expensive. Service was excellent and very responsive.The price to value ratio is below average for this type of restaurant.. All in all this was a very good experience and I look forward to returning in the near future.
Maybe the food would be good if they could get your order correct! I've ordered from them more than 6 times and they have yet to get it correct. Also delivery is a disaster. Expect to wait more than an hour then have to call several times to get your order. And by the time it arrived its always cold! Each time I order I swear it's the last time. But living in Long Beach options are limited when ordering breakfast well lunch I guess, by the time it shows up, lol. And the food is pricey as far as breakfast goes which I don't mind but I would expect the order correct and hot, warm at the very least. I have gone there in person and ordered 2 wraps to go, took 48 minutes. Can't win at this place This last time is definitely the last time!
So the tolerate/hate relationship is back to the hate side.  Customer service BLOWS!!!!!  Open until 8.  Called at 7 for a delivery and was told it'd be at least an hour.  When we said okay they said they could only accept cash.  They've pulled that shit before, no debit cards but ATM is conveniently located inside for a fee.  Delivery fee, ATM fee......go screw yourself you cheapskate dicks!!!!
Came here before "sunday funday" The panini's took a little while to make, but worth the wait.  Big portions too, and they came with a pickle and coleslaw.   I never came in before sandy, but it looks very clean and renovated inside.  All they need is a mirror in the bathroom( I had something in my eye and ran to the ladies room to realize there wasn't a mirror in there!) They heard some one saying happy birthday to me, so they gave us 2 giant free cookies.   The owner was very sweet, checking in to see how our paninis were.  Once bungalow opens, it's gonna be major competition.  I wish the best for them!
This restaurant is the best panini place in all of Long Island. My family and friends refuse to go anywhere else to have a panini. In the summer, my boyfriend and I drive 40 mins a week just to walk the boardwalk and eat there. In the winter, we still come to enjoy a Sunday meal. Any panini is a good choice, but if you want a wrap, try their chicken salad. Call ahead because it's constantly a sell-out item! Their menu is unbelievable and they just expanded the dining area last season. The owners are ALWAYS involved with the community. They donate food, gift cards, and money to fundraisers and community functions. The only downfall is they do not offer gluten-free paninis and sometimes their credit card machine is down so you have to use their ATM to take out money. All in all, whether you stop in for a hot panini, a glass of sangria or just a rich, creamy dessert this is the place to go to in Long Beach!
Apparently they just reopened after their renovation post Sandy. Cute place with a relatively long panini menu selection.  A big plus is the fact that they serve breakfast all day.  I got the halter panini - smoked salmon, cream cheese and scallions.   Not the best I've had but pretty good. The ice tea selection was much appreciated after three hours under the sun in a 95F day.
I honestly hate writing bad reviews but in this case, I've reached my breaking point. The food is ok, the reason why I've gone there and keep going there regardless of their 2 hour delivery time, flubbed orders, and insanely long wait time in store is that its the only semi healthy food option in the west end. This time there was no excuse. The place was empty, I picked up a salad that I specifically asked for oil and vinegar as opposed to the dressing they usually put in the salad. Sounds bratty but what if I had a gluten allergy? Most dressings have gluten. I'd be screwed. If you can't get an order right in the dead of winter - imagine what the busy summer is like. Please, someone, open a similar option and put 5 minutes of effort into a process that get's customers their accurate food order in a reasonable amount of time. Thank god key foods reopened with a decent fruit and veggie selection!
My boyfriend and I came to Paninis & Bikinis for a post-beach meal. We ordered the New York Avenue on a seven grain panini and the Tiny Bikini on a sourdough panini. Both sandwiches came out shortly thereafter, brought to our table by a staff member. The sandwiches were fresh, clearly made to order. The ingredients were all high quality and cooked to perfection. I found the restaurant to be extremely clean and the seating was well laid out to promote a relaxing and bright atmosphere. The owner was extremely friendly and made sure to greet us and ask about our meal before we left. Highly recommended. We will definitely be back soon. FYI the lemon mint iced tea was out of this world! Redic!
The best panini I have ever had to date.  I'm not lying. A friend and I decided to walk the LB Boardwalk since it hit almost 80 during the day and our corporate selves needed a breath of fresh air (literally) after working for 9 hours.  I quickly Yelped good restaurants in the area since even though I'm in Long Beach a lot during the summer months, I usually stick to what I know but decided to branch out for this occasion.  I quickly found Paninis & Bikinis and didn't look back. The inside is very small and can get a bit cramped if it's crowded, but it's not uncomfortable by any means.  The bathroom was "broken", I put that in quotes since I'm unsure if that's true or if they just didn't want the teenagers that use the private entrance to the beach to use their facilities.  We quickly ordered after looking over their large menu.  I ordered the Wyoming Panini (minus the mushrooms).  They took our name and I went to pay with plastic and they said their credit card machine was broken.  That almost had me remove a star but these things happen so I let it slide. We sat down and waited for our food.  Each table has a stack of napkins as well as two bottles of Tabasco (winning!).  The food took a while to come out but I appreciate that because it proves everything is made fresh to order.  The wait was very much worth it!  Our paninis were perfect and on 7-grain bread (they also have 2 other bread options).  Very tasty and flavorful, as well as filled and nearly overflowing with all the ingredients.   I'll definitely stop by again.  They have great hours (6 AM to 10PM during the week, 6 AM to 12 AM during weekends) and they're 24 hours during the summer months.  They also have a great location right by the west end entrance to the beach.
I am not a fan of LI , but there have not been any board walk shootings here latley like Brighton Beach Brooklyn that I know of and though the food is no where near as good as Brighton Beach there have not been shootings here latley and I have not seen rats running around Long Beach  the way I have in Brooklyn. So we ended up in Long Beach. Pros 1) close to the beach and they deliver to the beach 2) relativley healthy compared to the rest of Long Beach restaurants Cons 1)the employees share the same unisex bathroom with the customers 2)Long Beach prices My husband had an Italian  Panini and I had the Sand Crab salad. It is a decent choice for a casual meal if you are in Long Beach. It is nothing spectacular or bad. Just okay but worth a second try.
The food here is amazing! I have always liked everything I have ordered! The only issue is the service is incredibly slow and disorganized. It is unfortunate that there are some service issues. The staff is all very nice, but there seems to be some communication issues between cashier staff and the kitchen.
Yummmmmmm.  Why have I not come here before and always go to the filthy delis on Beech for a sandwich?  I've clearly been missing out and making the ultimate incorrect decision all of this time!  Paninis and Bikinis is a really cute little restaurant on the West End.  I ordered the New York panini which is grilled chicken, mozzarella, roasted red peppers and pesto sauce (and you get to choose the kind of panini.. I think I chose whole wheat).  The portions are enormous so I gave the other half to my Uncle and he was quite pleased with my decision to share. I feel like this place is going to make me fat.. god dammit.
I can't believe I'm the first person to review Paninis and Bikinis!!!  Hands down this is a Long Beach hot spot.  The staff is super friendly and generous.  One time I waited awhile for my panini and they gave me a sandwich for free.   My boyfriend, myself and sister frequent here often.  They have great coffee with different flavors and some great paninis for lunch.  My favorite is the Spring suit bikini with avocado, grilled chicken and ranch dress.  DELICIOUS!   They made it really beachy inside too, so it's a really cute ambience for a corner sandwich shop.
Very UNIMPRESSIVE, except for the beachy area it is located in. Parking in winter is horrible so cannot imagine what it's like in summer. The food wasn't all that. The carrot ginger soup would've been good if the ginger was not so very overwhelming. Chicken noodle had so much celery. Too much. Paninis were not that great. The bread was delicious but that was it. Cafe Mocha tasted like hot chocolate.  SERVICE WAS PAINFULLY SLOW. 20 minutes for soup. Hardly anyone in the shop. Plenty of staff available.  They need to reassess EVERYTHING. Unfortunately, it was a total disappointment.  Overpriced for sure. Checkout took another 20 minutes or more. Really? I was really hoping this place was going to be good.
I went once and received a mediocre, cold panini. They also forgot the dipping sauce. However! The second time was a great experience. My friend was visiting and we were drawn to the decor of the dining area they just added. I wasn't expecting much but I had to entertain my guests wishes. She ordered the "Sally Sole" and I got the "Asian Strip" one of the BEST meals I have had in a while. Everything was seasoned perfectly. The Sole was crusted in deliciousness, the steak was juicy and cooked just right, and the WASABI MASHED POTATOES were sooooo good. Every detail of the meal was great and the portions were generous. I was honestly shocked. Paninis didn't seem like much to me but my opinion has been changed. Also, after the two entrees, appetizer, and Mango Sangria's were added up, the check came out to LESS than a previous tragically average meal we had at The Inn.
Everyone that works their is friendly and treats you like a regular whether or not you are.   The food is a bit expensive, but really good. Their coffee is reason enough to go in, and their giant gourmet cupcakes will rock your world. It's 24 hours in the summer- amazing- and the fact that they recently started serving alcohol recently ensures I can get an order of bad decisions some time real soon.
This is the 1st place that is not a sushi restaurant to grab my attention! I've passed Paninis & Bikinis numerous times over the last 5 years - mostly due to their name.  I neither enjoy Paninis nor do I wear Bikinis (It's a work in progress...).  But due to a Groupon I thought - "Let's try it...if only for the coffee." Oh, they are so much more than paninis!  They have french toast with fresh berries, homemade corned beef hash, amazing wraps and salads!  Their portions are huge so bring a friend to share the food with!  I love that they offer options like turkey bacon instead of regular bacon, an assortment of breads like sourdough & whole wheat, and coffee - which is all I thought I was going to get - lattes and tea. Overall, an impressive menu that I can't wait to try more of!  They seem to be expanding too, so It looks like a great place to hit after a day at the beach.  Prices are around $10-$13 per person. How will their customers stay in those bikinis after checking out their baked goods display?  I don't know...
Really enjoyed it! Can't believe we haven't been here yet. I got the Mango Passion Iced Tea...very good but not sure I'd pay $3 again for it. As far as Paninis go I got the South of the Boardwalk and it was one of the best Paninis I've ever had. I'd definitely get it again. Turkey, pepper jack, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, and spicy mayo...YUP. My wife got a grilled wrap with chicken, corn, bacon, and ranch and she thought finished the whole thing...which is a good sign. I also really enjoyed their Cole slaw that comes with the sandwich. I am definitely going to go there for breakfast one morning...the muffins look great and the coffee is supposed to be really good.
So the name is a little odd, and yes it is nowhere near my usual haunts. In fact, it's pretty much as far out there as I would normally ever go without an airplane. However, a friend of mine was in town and we just happened to be around and so we checked Yelp and found this place, and indeed it is worth going to. The food is good. The titular paninis are pretty good. The breakfast wrap is really good. The muffins well, they look better than they are. I ordered the wetsuit bikini panini and it was not bad. My friend ordered the string bikini panini and it was quite good. We also split a brazilian breakfast burrito, and that was excellent. We tried chocolate and bran muffins, they were, meh. So this place is definitely worth checking out if you end up in the area. It's not worth the trek out to Long Beach just for it though. The food just isn't awesome, it's good, but not awesome, and the service, it's good, but not awesome. Some of the people who are serving are nice, others are just, well for lack of a better term, a little hormonal. Then again, with that many women in the same store, I guess that is bound to happen. Bottom line, if you end up at Long Beach, check this place out!
Located in the fun West End area of Long Beach when its a nice day out its the perfect place to stop by for lunch. I had the Cuban panini which was really good and big in size.  They have a big selection of ice tea which is refreshing with your panini or salad. Overall a great place to go to in Long Beach.
I had my first ever Panini here and it was hella delicious. My only complain is that it's more pricey then necessary. And they could give you a bit more guca with your chips.
JUST THE BEST! I've been coming here with my guy for over a year now.  The food is impeccable, the staff is friendly, and the location is great.  I've sampled probably 80% of the paninis and they are all delicious.  Jay really knows how to get creative with food and the results are always mighty tasty. For breakfast, go for the Sun Belt -- a BLT with egg, yummy.  Their salads are fresh, their drinks are refreshing (the mango passion iced tea is so good) and the bakery case always has sweet and soft pastries. It can get real busy during the summer (especially when they have deliveries to the beach!), but trust me: it is worth the wait! Viva la Paninis!
Let me first say I really hope this place survived Hurricane Sandy. I go to long Beach about 5 or 6 times a year and Paninis and Bikinis is always a must have. I have never actually set foot in there store however so I don't know how it actually looks but they always deliver to me on the boardwalk. The sandwiches are out of this world. I especially like any of there steak ones. The salads are big enough to feed 2 or 3 The soups are fresh and the people are super friendly.
This place is hit-or-miss. Like many West End locations, this place suffers from its very young, inexperienced and somewhat lazy staff.  They routinely mess up orders and basically shrug when you point it out.  Customer service is not their strong suit. The panini and salads are just average.  I do not understand the other reviews that claim the food is "delicious" - it's not, it's nothing special.  Not fantastic, not terrible.  The prices are too much for what they offer, but given the dearth of actual sandwich places in the West End (the dirty boedgas do not count), you take what you can get. Inconsistent, but better than nothing, I suppose.
Went here on Memorial Day weekend. It was a great place to stop for lunch/brunch/breakfast before heading out to the beach. They have a great selection. I simply got a grilled cheese...I wasn't that hungry. Not the greatest grilled cheese, but pretty delicious. Good portion. My boyfriend got the Wyoming, which was super delicious actually. Service was good. Order at the counter and then they'll deliver if you decide to sit. Bonus: You can get beach passes here instead of at New York Ave entrance. Just have cash for that.
I tend to frequent this establishment often. The food is usually solid and I have never had to wait too long for it. I used to like being able to order from the counter and then take my panini to a table. Recently however, they seemed to have hired a waiter who I can only assume has a personal or familial connection with the owners because he doesn't seem to have ever waited tables before in his life. Also, they are apparently experimenting with a new bleu cheese dip. I think they failed. It tastes fine but it is not creamy at all and has a very watery consistency. Overall, this place presses a solid panini when they get the order right which is about 60% of the time. The other 40% of the time it's just OK. 5 Stars when they get it right 2-3 Stars when they don't 4 Star Average.
Cute little place to grab some grub in Long Beach. The place definitely gives off a tiki bar vibe, which is fun. They have a pretty extensive Panini list along with some salads and sweets. I had the "Spring Suit" Panini which is grilled chicken, pepper jack cheese, bacon, guacamole, and ranch dipping sauce on sourdough (you choose the wrap or bread). I wouldn't say it's the best sandwich I've ever had but I would definitely stop by here if I'm in the area.
Wow these guys got it right. They've reinvented themselves after sandy. They are no longer just a sandwich shop but more of an upscale, homey bistro.  Stopped in for a delicious breakfast of pancakes, eggs and a mocha latte.  Also on the menu are all sorts of homemade cookies, cakes and pastries.  Bread pudding was unbelievable!   They're only half done but decor is fabulous.  It's hip, cozy and beachy.  Cool music, no tvs, nice people.  Loved it and will be a regular.
3.5 stars, service could be slow when its busy. They are busy. Food is okay, cant complain.
Paninis is a regular spot for me here in the west end. If you live here you already know this place, unless you live under a rock or something. There really is no other place like this down west, all the food is  very good. Had breakfeast there today, gotta try the halter panini, salmon , cream cheese, scallions,on a whole grain Panini. (you have a choice of breads). oh yeah its also loaded with spinach...have some coffee or tea with your meal they have it all. Nice seating, cant wait for spring so we can sit back outside. Staff always friendly and one of the owners is usually there, which shows they care about the food being put out,,, a must stop while visiting the beach, and if you live here wht are you waiting for?
Love the food here but the prices are outrageous! Ordered two salads with tuna salad for dinner and it was about $40! Almost twenty dollars a salad and I'm still hungry. The portion was tiny and there was hardly any tuna. I used to get the same salad all the time and could barely finish it. Now it seems things have changed. The food still tastes great but I just can't afford to spend almost 20 bucks on a salad. Friends have said the same ; love it but it's just too expensive, especially for a sandwich shop. I can get a huge salad at the long beach hotel with chicken for about half the price.  Broke and hungry
The perfect place to come for lunch for an inexpensive and super delicious lunch before dragging your fat ass to boardwalk to burn it off.    I'm pretty pissed this place opened a few months after I moved out of Long Beach.  I ordered some sort of Mexican salad and it was ginormous (see pic) and only $8.  The girls behind the counter were extremely friendly and the salad was amazing, the only thing that kinda stunk was the iced tea.  I asked if it was fresh brewed and I was told yes, but after tasting it it was clearly the sugary, nasty powdered kind.  Yuck.   It was a hot day and I was really craving a refreshing iced tea so that put a damper on my experience, but the salad and service more than made up for it.
Fantastic spot for super fresh and healthy beautifully presented options... love it for breakfast/brunch and lunch. Everyone is very friendly and helpful, no attitude just a cool vibe w great food. Been very accommodating when I've made special requests as well. Comfortable atmosphere to hang out w a coffee and dessert, too :)
One of the better places to eat on Long Beach. I went there with a couple of friends of mine on vacation just for a quick bite to eat. It is definitely a place to stop by for lunch with great paninis and breakfast wraps. Just for additional information the staff was very impressive.
Cute place, great to eat in or take out. Salads are so big, every ingredient was so fresh & yummy. Their coffee is also really good as it should be, the freshly grind the beans for every pot. Great selection of baked goods, speciality drinks & smoothies. And now they are serving wine & beer !! You really can't go wrong here. Will definitely be back often.
When I first saw the name of this place, I thought it was Long Beach's version of Hooters, however, that's not the case at all; all of the paninis are named after bikini/bathing suits.  We had a "Board Short," which was Portabello mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, and melted fontina cheese, with a honey basalmic glaze on seven grain bread.  We also had a "Speedo," which was sliced prime rib with horseradish sauce and melted provolone on sourdough.  Both paninis were pressed and grilled to perfection...although it was embarrassing saying, "I'll have the Speedo" LOL!  Both sandwiches were delicious!  The chili cheese fries are really good here too!  Lastly, they have about a dozen "homemade" iced teas, I had Mango Passion fruit and it was awesome!
Don't let the silly name fool you. This place ROCKS!!! Much better than La Bottega. The Panini's here seem fresher and healthy. The staff is extremely friendly and the service is fast. I had the Cubano Panini which was pork, ham & Swiss. It was awesome! They even have wheat and multi-grain options for bread. And it comes with a kick-ass hummus on the side.  I will definitely come back.
i haven't ordered from there since before the storm. have only had take-out. their salads are so delicious. fresh ingredients, tasty dressings - and they never once messed up the order! the person taking the order was always friendly, and read the order back to me, which i really appreciate. i'm not crazy about the name, but i get it - lb, bikinis. i'm looking forward to getting more of their food soon, as i hear they make great sandwiches. i hear the new place is super cute.
It was okay for me. Panini was a little soggy and it took more than 15min for us to get our food and it was to go. Probably wouldn't go back. Cool atmosphere though.
Paninis are still great and fresh as always, music is fantastic and coffee is amazing fresh and well brewed, service spot on.... Why the loss of of a famed star? Their credit card machine was once again "not working".... Forcing me to spend an additional 2 dollars on a non bank ATM located in the store. My fault for leaving house with little cash but still... aggravating.
Grab an outside table in the sun.
This place is awesome! Try the turkey and brie sandwich.
really cute place, love the ambiance. Their dessert look amazing but i haven't tried them. The food is excellent and the menu names are fun to read. you can tell they take pride in their store.
I'd come back for a panini here.  The portions were large, my friend and I could have shared one sandwich.  The iced tea was delicious and refreshing.  Very small place but they have outdoor seating.
Love the coffee here. The itsy veggie panini is really good and the salads are all yummy and fresh.
Still a 3 because it now seems that they ONLY except cash as the sign at the register has changed from "sorry our machine is broken to cash only." As a "plastic society" this is not a good business move for them, especially in the West End where there are no bank ATM's forcing you to once again use theirs and get banged with charges.  Plus if eating with a family your bill will def. come over 20 bucks therefore you need more then the emergency twenty in your wallet....  So sad. :(
The food here was delicious!!!  We were here on a thursday night..came in about 6ish and it was pretty quiet..sat down right away..Waitstaff was very nice!  We sat in the cozy dining area and they just started to offer a new dinner menu and I have to say I was very happy with this dinner!! We started with 2 glasses of wine and for appetizers we had short ribs.. nice portion..I have to say were fantastic the flavoring was sooo good..tender meat practically falling off the bone and we also had tuna tartar..which was also very good! Main dishes..i had sesame crusted tuna with julienne vegetables and it tasted great...did not taste fishy at all!!  bf had chicken dish and it came with delicious mashed potatoes...both dishes were nice size portions.  one of the owners came out to see how the dinner was and she was very nice..we told her what a nice dining experience we were having.  we were told the bistro part of the restaurant was going to open soon so we are soo looking forward to it!!  ohh..and the finale.. I ordered a croissant bread-pudding with light caramel sauce and OMG it was Great..it was nice size portion..it was absolutely delicious and I will definitely do extra time in the gym to eat that again...so we will definitely be heading back here very soon!!!  I highly recommend this place for nice date!!!  can't wait for the bistro part to open!
Very cool place to eat. Especially the newly opened space. Extremely comfortable space with great paninis and huge salads.
Excellent food quality and taste!  Good selection of salads, soups, sandwiches and drinks.  Great for a quick bite to eat.  Dine in or pick up, always good food!   Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is due to some occasional customer service issues.  Wrong order was given to us one day and we were also charged incorrectly.  When we went back the manager/owner was somewhat rude to us.
Went just a couple of time. Place is very small, a large variety of  " panini " . I had the eggplant, it was ok The sandwiches are really big, you can share one, just a little to heavy and greasy for my taste......maybe I got the wrong one Location is good and delivery is good.
So I decided to give this place another try.  We had 3 orders, 2 of them were messed up and we were overcharged.  Watch your bill, they add in extras that are supposed to be included. Also I order an iced chai tea, which apparently they charge $6 for, who charges $6 for an iced t in this economy?  Don't be fooled by the "trendiness" of this place, it's over-priced, service is lousy and the food is average at best.  The owner Jason can be really unpleasant and rude to his staff.  Avoid this place!
There is no better love then my love for paninis...your salads, and sandwiches are perfect. never ever change.
They recently expanded this former favorite of mine.  My advice is to stay far away until they get their act together.  Two weeks ago my niece waited 45 minutes for 2 paninis to go.  This weekemd my husband and I went there for breakfast and waited one hour and fifteen minutes for our food.  They take your order and you pay and then they call your name when your food is ready.  Since they are obviously still adjusting to serving more people they should let you know how long of wait you should expect for your food when you order.  This way if you are in a hurry you can make the decision to stay or go and not feel like you are being held hostage.  To add insult to injury the counter girls friend came in and got her sandwich in less than five minutes.  The delivery guy also keep leaving with food and because it looked like they use Giddy-up they probably put those orders before the poor schmucks in the restaurant.  The customers were very angry and I am sure they lost a lot of business, I know they lost mine.
jason and his friendly staff have an incredible eatery...go and enjoy!!!!
