We returned to Press 195, this time for dinner on a Friday night. Would've been 5 stars except for the beginning of our evening. We were told 20 minutes to wait and it was more like 30. Had I known this we would've gone elsewhere. PLUS, a couple walked in right passed us and went into the back. We followed about 5 minutes later only to see them sitting down ordering. They didn't have to wait 30 minutes, just pranced in. Had I known that I would've just waltzed in and sat down at an open table. That started the meal off on the wrong foot. Luckily, that was the worst part of the evening. Our waitress was very sweet. I had a bunch of questions and she was patient with us. We started out with the small assorted meat plate which was nice. A good variety of cheese and meats. Next, we decided to split a sandwich so we would have enough room for desert. We got the #3 -turkey, sweet onion jam, fresh mozzarella, and grilled marinated mushrooms. Very tasty. I recommend it. And of course we had to get the fries (and roasted garlic sauce). Eh - were not as good as I hoped. A little better than average, definitely not worth $6+. Lastly, our desert was a delicious brownie sundae. Totally worth every single calorie!! Overall a tasty find.
Good food, good service. Very fresh!
Amazing food, amazing beer, super friendly and attentive staff.
Amazing. Me and the hubby have wanted to come here for a long time. After finishing most of our Christmas shopping we stopped in for lunch. Normally parking in RVC is tough but we got a spot right across the street. It has a really nice decor. The staff is pleasant and knowledgable and the food is delicious. We shared two paninis and an order of Belgian fries. The pastrami knish panini was stuffed full of pastrami, swiss and a little sauerkraut. The second was a panini with house made roast pork, jack cheese, cilantro and a yummy roasted garlic dressing. The cucumber salad served with it was addictive. We also had an order of Belgian Fries. The menu claimed it served two, but four people could have shared this huge order. I for one cannot wait to return.
The fries here are the best and the sandwiches are awesome. My only issue is the bread is a little hard sometimes, but overall it's a great place. Gets really crowded at times and it's the usual "long island" crowd, but it's worth it.
Excellent food, reasonably priced. The owner always makes an effort to come over and chat. The only reason i am not giving it 4 stars is because the paninis aren't served with chips or fries.
Been here a few times now and looking forward to next meal here already. I really like this place, like a little oasis in a culinary desert wasteland.  Add a star if you love sandwiches. Great service and value!
The sandwiches were great! I was pleasantly surprised. I'm not too much of a sandwich person, I usually order entrees when I go out but I decided to try something new for a change. I went there with my hubby and our two boys.  We shared the Belgian fries with the Chipolte Mayo. The fries were excellent, I was not too wowed by the dipping sauce, ketchup was more than enough. The boys shared the #38, steak, avocado, Mozzarella and they loved it. Husband had the Bell BBQ Classic, BBQ chicken, avocado, Vermont cheddar... He really liked it. I had the #14, grilled zucchini, yellow squash, fresh spinach, black olive spread and added grilled chicken- it was good. Next time I'll try the # 38 it was very yummy. We also shared the Banana Bread Press for dessert - it was good. The sandwiches are quite big- I could only eat half. The fries and the desserts could easily be shared by four people. We found the staff to be very attentive and helpful. My fork fell off the table, I picked it up and as I rose up, there was a staff member with a clean one to replace it!!!   Overall it was a very good experience and we'll definitely be back.... There are too many things to try.
Love this new restaurant! It's inexpensive enough for a quick bite, and great for long lounging dinner. They constantly have something new going on, either live music or their most recent Beer Dinner. The pressed sandwiches are great and creative. And we love the fries! Press 195 is a wonderful addition to RVC!
Went to Press 195 today for Lunch. While the menu is extensive, the prices are high and the portions are small. I ordered a beet and arugula salad priced at $8.50 and a roast beef, mozzarella and marinara sauce sandwich on ciabatta bread priced at $9.75. Oh my goodness, the salad was so tiny... the slices of beet totaled the size of 1 small beet. Press should be embarrassed to serve something like that and charge $8.50. The arugula was fresh and dressed well, but a little on the bland side. Nothing special to be honest. The ciabatta bread sandwich I ordered was roast beef, mozzarella and marinara sauce. Oh my goodness, there was about 2, maybe 3, slices of thinly cut roast beef in there. What kind of sandwich is that for $9.75. Are you serious? It came with a little tiny cup of cucumber salad on the side. Sorry, but I can't recommend this place. The portions are too small for the price they are charging. The food tastes fine, but if your looking for value, go somewhere else. On the bright side, the space and decor is nice. Go to the bar and enjoy a drink.
Great fresh sandwiches, salads and belgium fries. Get one of the dipping sauces for the fries-they are great and give the fries another dimension. Also a great variety of local micro brew beers. The sangria is great too. This is one of my favorite casual dining restaurants.
I went there for the third time last night. My last visit was consistent with the previous two: a great beer selection that is changed constantly (watch out croxleys), a great selection of hot and cold sandwiches, and a great atmoshphere. All of the dishes that I have ate there were made with fresh, high quality ingredients. They were all delicious. I would highly recommend this place to just about anybody.
It can get expensive here if you aren't paying attention, be sure to check in to get free fries! Loved the burger they had, and my girlfriend like her knish. My grandmother could care less about the paninis here but i think they are great.
this place rocks! love it. KEWL! EXTRA KEWL!
Went tonight for the third time. 195 is aweeeeeessommmeeee. Highly recommended!
The food is good, but the delivery time is awful.  It's almost painful to place an order and the delivery times they give you are completely off.  They say 40 minutes, but you're lucky if you get it in under an hour, and then its completely cold.
had went to press 195 in bayside a few years ago and loved it - was so happy when it came to rvc!
Awesome food, great service and a cool atmosphere! I recently helped a friend plan a private party at Press 195 and I was extremely impressed with the way it worked out.  The owners and the entire staff were incredibly helpful and super attentive. I'm an event planner and work in all sorts of venues in NYC. I wish that the staff everywhere I work was as terrific as the crew at this party. I would recommend them highly for small private events or just a place to go for a yummy meal. I can't wait to go back for dinner. Don't skip the French Fries, they're great!
I love Press! I first discovered it in Bayside and when I moved to RVC I was sad I wouldn't have it anymore. BUT luckily they opened one here! Still the great food..must try the belgium fries!! Love so many of the sandwiches...meatball, buffalo chix, meatloaf are some favorites! Thank you for coming to RVC!
Despite my previous good reviews, the past two times I have been to Press have not been good.  Today I was alone and was seated quickly.  After waiting for 10 minutes with no one coming to my table, I stopped the hostess and asked if there was a waitress assigned to my table. I watched as the hostess told the waitress that I was waiting and then watched in horror as the waitress came and took the order of a table seated after me.  I got up and left because this did not bode well.  The food is good but the service is very spotty and there does not appear to be active management of the wait staff.  Stay clear of the chunky brunette who works the front room because this is my second bad experience with her.  This time I will not be returning.
A bit of a trendy bar, I normally might not choose this place for the ambiance on a crowded Friday night. However, I'm pleased I was introduced to Press 195. I don't have a single bad thing to say about any of the food. The fries are delicious and were adequate split between 4 people. You can order more than one dipping sauce. The sandwiches all looked and tasted great. The star for me is the baby arugula and roasted beet salad appetizer. If I had to nitpick, I recall that I asked for the accompanying sauce to my sandwich "on the side" and it never came. It was busy, so the waitress didn't make it back for a good half hour, but the sandwich was still good and not dry, anyway. The dining area is a bit loud, dark and crowded for my usual tastes (aim for the back away from the bar if the ambient noise would bother you), but very suitable for a night out. If alcohol is your thing, I understand from my dining companions that the beer menu is extensive and the specialty drinks are very good, albeit pricy.
Came to this spot for lunch with a friend after seeing it opened for awhile and wanting to try it. The layout is kind of weird. It has a bar in front with a seating area, then a more formal eating area, then a party room and then in the back outdoor seating, but it's all straight back. The building itself is more narrow than wide. My first time we were seated on in a booth by the bar. It was a cozy little section for two. We checked out the menu. It has cold (sandwiches on lightly toasted bread) and hot press (grilled panini sandwiches on ciabatta). In addition to the sandwiches are their famous belgian fries with dipping sauces, appetizers like wings, bruschetta, guac and hummus. They have salads, burgers, knishes, and desserts and it's a bar with wine and beer. My bud and I split an order and fries. Enough to feed at least two. We tried the chipotle mayo, even though we were good with just ketchup. The mayo was mediocre. I got the grilled lemon chicken panini with fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers and balsamic vinegar. It was delicious. I was full after the first half, especially with the fries. It was delicious though and I would def go back...which I did. The second time I went we got fries again, but skipped the sauces. We were seated in one of the front tables. It was summer time and the doors were open so it was a nice open space. We got their refreshing strawberry lemonade. This time I got spicy buffalo panko breaded chicken fingers, blue cheese with chopped celery and carrots, but in a pressed wrap instead of a panini. It was extremely filling, but delicious. The food at this place is great. It's a great spot for lunch. Next time I go I want to try the sangria or one of their desserts.
I stopped by here earlier today for my 2nd time. Ordered a hot press sandwich I think It was #43, it had Chicken and Bacon. I also got an order of Fries, a beer and a coke. The sandwich was pretty good. I did enjoy the decor of the place and the service. A few days ago one of the owners contacted me about my previous rating. Which I thought was pretty cool. Just disagreed with my thoughts on pricing. Well my meal today including tip came to about $30. Now that's $30 for just 1 person with just what I listed above. Yeah I believe I'm right, their prices are just too high for that type of place. I don't mind dropping $100+ for a dish but then I'm hitting a 4-5 star restaurant which this isn't even close. I've paid as much as $400 for a 5 course meal and yeah that was worth every cent. Anyway, the food here is good NOT great!! The service and decor WAS Great. Certainly a place to stop by and try their sandwiches, but you'll over pay for other things like salad (i just think its too much). They give enough fries for 2-3 people. I think its worth stopping by to try a sandwich but you'll probably want to do take out in the future....
Cabo's kitchen was getting renovated so we came here. So glad we tried it! Delicious!  Everything was great. Love the fries with the mayo and the California burnin' burger. Red sangria was yummy, the white was so-so. Meghan our server was fantastic.
I have been here 7 or 8 times now, and each time I have left satisfied...First of all the decor in this place is very inviting...When I am inside this place I just feel happy...This place is also a hotbed for cougar action after 7 PM at the bar...They have a nice selection of small batch bourbons as well, if that tickles your fancy...This place is known for its pressed sandwiches...Each time I have tried something new...The last sandwich I got was with soppressata, mozzerella and prosciutto...Salty, cured, meaty goodness...The fries here are also really good...Make sure to get 1 order if you are with another person, because there are moreee than enough...Skip on the dipping sauces...They are not worth the price...Stick with ketchup or mayo if you want some extra richness (Like i do)...The wings here are average at best (I didn't order these. My friend did)...The salads look OK at best...But why would anyone come here to get a salad or wings anyways?...They have healthy/vegetarian options as well...Am dying to try the knish sandwiches...This is a nice date spot and a good location to go out after...I am pretty much a regular here because of the fries, solid sandwiches and the scene...
I live down the street and was so excited--waiting for this place to open. The selection of sandwiches are great. You cant find a place in our area with this kind of selection. (youd hav to travel into the city) I had the prosciutto and my husband had a steak sandwich (cant remember names) we also ordered a basket of fries and a few dipping sauces. Everything was delicious. What we also lovd were the selection of beers. I like that they carry different choices--many local, or small brews--something you also dont see too often. The servers were also very nice. Id like to come back one night when they have live music.
Trendy cool atmosphere that becomes even cooler when you taste the food and beer.  Lots of great menu choices.  Opted for beet salad in lemon vinaigrette with shaved parmigiano reggiano.   Mostly fresh and terrific except for several pieces of reggiano rind on top.  My panini was breaded eggplant with fresh mozzarella and basil.  I omitted their marinara and substituted red wine vinaigrette for dipping.  Maybe the best things I tried were the Belgian fries which were twice fried giving them an impossible delicate crunch. For dessert a pressed banana sandwich that was heavenly.  Press also has a terrific selection of microbrews, look for the ones on special, as they are a little pricey otherwise.  Our waiter was helpful and courteous and accommodated every request.  Overall, I was imPRESSed with my meal from start to finish.
The fries are amazing!  The roasted beet salad is a fave and I swoon for the Roast Beef knish sandwich.  The staff is friendly, management attentive and the stained glass panels are awesome.  The beer list is extensive and I found new ones to try.  Pork Slap is a favorite and Saranac Ginger Beer is equally good when I am driving.  Great place overall.
There for a quick dinner with family and fell in love.  Decor is as nice as previous owners kept it with lots of space in back if the group gets large.  Belgian fries were out of this world, even without dipping sauce, but I had the pepper sauce which was just perfect.  Followed that with a few delicious beers recommended by the bartender (sommelier).  He really new the inventory.  Had the #30 which is basically a reuben and thoroughly enjoyed the presentation.  Overall, very satisfied and will attend frequently.
Great paninis, and lots to choose from. Fries are great too. All for a reasonable price. One of my favorite places in RVC for a relatively quick bite
This restaurant is very clean and has a fresh and open atmosphere. I found the menu to be too busy. It took a while to go over the whole menu while trying to have lunch with a friend. But, lunch was wonderful and the waitress was sweet.
good drinks, bad food. I would go back to just have some drinks and fries but never again for the food they serve. Waitress was good but the hostess seemed to be very young and confused as to where to sit people.
I was excited to try Press after hearing about how good the food was but, was truly impressed by the service. Our waitress Victoria was knowledgable, friendly, attentive, and engaging. She went out of her way to make our experice a wonderful one. We highly reccommend a vist. Don't forget to get some extra chipotle mayo and ask for Victoria!
Though everything here is absolutely above and beyond delicious, I can't help but rave about those fries! If there is one thing you get here it should be the Belgian fires - perfectly crispy, mouthwatering and addicting. Upon first impression, you may not think that you can finish the portion...but then you start eating and it magically disappears! My fave sauce: Garlic, but they are all very good. So then there is one sandwich style this is unique to Press: the Knish sandwich. I've never had it, but my brother has and he raved (he's a much tougher critic than I am and I couldn't imagine inhaling all of those calories). The knish sandwich is apparently well worth the calorie and highly recommended. But for me, I always order a turkey with brie and apples melted...i don't know if it on the menu, but they always make it for me and it's really wonderful. (I just say a #2 with apples instead of peppers). I've also had their veggie sandwiches equally as amazing - the veggies and cheese are always fresh and the spreads are original. So I can't say I ever have any room left for dessert but I can see a nutella sandwich being amazing. Lastly,the bar is well stocked with anything that you would want and the drinks are strong. Highly recommended for a nice fall day - appropriate for all ages. Comfy booths and clean bathrooms. Great and helpful service.
A panini place with excellent drinks, what more can you ask for? The food here is great, whether it be a panini, a salad or their fries.  They always have a nice beer selection and can whip up a tasty cocktail.  The crowd is a little older which is a plus considering Rockville Centre can be overrun by youngsters. The bartenders are friendly and I would highly recommend grabbing a meal or drink here.  Great date spot.
I really love this restaurant. Their Belgian fries are to DIE for. I have never NOT ordered the fries when arriving to my table. It's the first thing I do, because those will last you the whole night. Try the dipping sauces, too! They're all yummy with the fries and can appeal to different tastes. Lately, I've really enjoyed the knishes. The meatloaf knish and roast beef knish are both pretty awesome and will definitely fill you up. I actually prefer those to the sandwiches nowadays. As an added bonus, they have a great, ever-changing list of craft beers for you to choose from. Always something new to drink here!
Why, oh why am I just now discovering the wonderfulness of Press 195? Oh that's right, because they'd have to roll me out of there if I knew this place was so good. I've been here a handful of times now and I'm pretty much addicted to #31. I'm not crazy about their fries but apparently I'm the only human on the planet who feels this way. They have yummmieee $4 Sangria from 12-7. I sat at the bar yesterday and service was annoyingly slow, but once my sandwich came all past memories disappeared and I was happy. Love this place!
I heard great things about this place, so I was really excited to try it. Their starter guacamole is great. However, the cold panini was a little disappointing. My bread was so hard that it honestly hurt to chew it. My boyfriends was a hot panini and definitely more tasty, so go with the hot options if you eat here. The fries were probably the highlight of the meal. Willing to go back and give it a second try.
I stopped in with the family for lunch based on the Yelp reviews. They have a nice downtown location with a great atmosphere. The menu is loaded with great options. I'm a huge fan of potato knishes so I had to go with one where they use that instead of bread in a panini style sandwich. I went with the meatloaf and loved it. We also split the Belgian fries as an app.  Everything we ordered was fantastic and reasonably priced. I'd highly recommend this place and would certainly go back.
Went yesterday for a late lunch. Food is top notch, service is great, the owner was talking with my friend and me - he was very friendly and seemed like a great guy. Buffalo wings were straight up buffalo wings - not all of these variations and spin offs that so many places try to do (and fail at).  And the wings were awesome by the way. We also split one of the steak kinishes which was another "must eat", and i was happy my friend suggested that. Got a burger and fries to finish up - tasted great.... Overall i was very happy and i will definitely be returning to Press 195.
I work around the corner and have visited this restaurant many times. It is the first restaurant that has lasted more than 6 months. I think they have broken the curse that hung over this location. I have eaten a variety of soups, paninis, and salads. All have been good. The wait staff changes frequently but they are all friendly and attentive to the customers.
I have been to this Press 195 quite a few times and it really never disappoints. The space is really cute and has a really cool atmosphere to it. They offer two of the best things to have, sangria and their fries with various dipping sauces(my favorite is chipotle mayo). Two of my favorite sandwiches are the 45 and the 47. The 45 is grilled marinated sliced steak, Provolone, pan-fried sweet peppers & mushrooms, fresh baby arugula and pineapple sesame sriracha sauce. it is just all sorts of good! The 47 is Cilantro-lime marinated chicken, Fontina cheese, pan-fried sweet peppers & mushrooms, spinach and pineapple sesame sriracha sauce. I personally love cilantro lime marinated chicken and theirs is just awesome. The sauce on it is so good and will just bring a smile to your face. This place is just always a really good time. Grab a panini, a beer or sangria, and some fries and just have a good time. Just an FYI you can rent the back room for a party and it a really nice space.
This place I have been to at least 3-4 times before I wrote this review. First off the french fries are great, only wish they considered a 1/2 portion if your by yourself because it is enough for 2 people.  The Shrimp po boy is awesome!!  They also have gluten free options. My son can enjoy a gluten free sandwich and not feel deprived. We have come as a family and always walked away happy. They have a big and interesting menu, enough things where if you can't find something your impossible to please.
Went to Press 195 for dinner with a friend.  The menu is overwhelming and it is challenging to pick just one delicious panini.  I ordered the portobello panini with goat cheese and it did not disappoint.  I could only eat half of it and ate the other half for dinner the next night.  The fries were delicious and I loved the red pepper sauce.  Great selection of craft beers.   The decor is very trendy and everything is clean and welcoming.  The vibe is very laid back.  I would definitely go back again when I want to meet up with friends.
I love this place. My brother and I came here for a late lunch. There were very few customers so service was fast, no problems whatsoever. I ordered the portobello mushroom/ Swiss press, I believe it was number 24, instead of the olive oil I got the garlic and olive spreads. Soooo good, no complaints. The brownie was okay, as expected, this isn't a dessert focused restaurant. Next time I'll be sure to order the Belgian fries like I did last time I was here. I was too full to get them this time around.
This is one of my favorite places to eat, even the one in Bayside is just as good. The salads are phenomenal and the sandwiches are great too. Press's fries are some of the best fries around and they come with a variety of dipping sauces to choose from. The service is nothing to brag about but they've never done anything specifically wrong, always have the food right but just not as friendly as I'd prefer (maybe that's just my server brain speaking). Check this place out if you're in either area RVC or bayside you will not be disappointed!
This spot has great paninis and the fries are awesome with the various sauces. I personally go for their breaded chicken cutlet panini's. The actual location in RVC is great to sit and eat. I've made the effort to go to the Bayside Queens location which is just as good. My whole family loves to dine-in here at the RVC location on the strip during the summer with the open concept. On the other hand, my close friends enjoy the low-key spot to grab drinks and hunt for cougars (Thurs-Sat). Solid food, craft beers and a pleasant wait staff.  A+
Love it here! I always get the same panini, the Buffalo chicken.  I tell myself everytime I should try something new but I like my usual! The sangria is amazing as well! Definitely get the sangria and bring me a glass too! Yum
Really very good. Great food, good service. I would only go for lunch. It was much better than I thought it would be. I had the Johnny special.
Fabulous time at Press on Thursday evening during Happy Hour! Tap beer was just 4USD We ordered a Thanksgiving Knish which appropriately had turkey, cranberry and gravy between a large potato knish and a hot sliced pork panini sandwich. Delicious!All three bartenders were great!  An hour into service there was an Avery Brewing Company Tap Takeover Event! I had a Maharaja IPA which was divine! The food and service is always on point. 5 stars!
Went here with a girlfriend and was not imPRESSed. The interior is really nice I'll give it that but there was ac water or rain dripping on us. We told the bartender about this and he mumbled something - no solution. In addition to that he served people that ordered drinks after us before us. Food was also nothing special.
Really good food!! I've ordered to go, so I'm withholding the 5th star since I didn't really get the full experience. The menu is impressive and offers plenty of choices. If you can't find something to try, then this place is not for you. Generous portions, good fries and the sandwiches are creative and delicious!!
I can never get tired of this place, my parents even bought me gift cards for the holidays. One of my favorite places. The food is amazing: sandwiches, salads, fries and sangria. The staff is friendly and never takes long to order and eat. If calories allowed it id come here every day!
A must go for sandwiches, fries and beer! Fresh beer selection, delicious Belgian fries with homemade sauces, and a great selection of sandwiches! The waiters are very friendly and always know what to suggest for your taste buds cravings!!!
Press 195 is my favorite restaurant, so I had to have my bridal shower here of course!! Service and food was great, as always.  John was so helpful to my mom during the entire planning process and was so easy to work with. He allowed my mom/bridal party to come in the night before the party to set up the back room as they desired.   The party was paced perfectly, with dishes coming out at different times.  We had appetizers, salad, fries, sandwiches, dessert... and sangria!!  Perfection!!!  Our 2 servers were on their game and super attentive to anything we needed.  I would highly recommend hosting a party in the back room, it was great! Thanks for catering such a beautiful party for me.  I'm sure I'll see you in a few weeks for dinner ;-)
One of my favorite places to frequent, Press 195 never disappoints. Boasting a huge menu of gourmet pressed sandwiches, their famous Belgian fries, and delicious desserts, Press is my go-to spot when meeting with friends for lunch or dinner. The service is always friendly, but not over-bearing, which is something I always appreciate when dining.
Aside from the occasional awkwardness around service (nice people are not always server material), Press 195 delivers on solid sandwiches, salads, wraps, and fries.
I've been to the RVC location many times. The food is always good. The beer selection is above-average. It's the diverse place, you can go there on a date or with a group of friends and have a good time.
I can't say I was overly impressed with Press 195. The beer selection is limited but certainly a beer head as my self can find a nice craft brew to compliment or supplement a meal (depending on which way you look at it). I'll certainly give them another try as there were some other sandwiches that had me wondering. Nice ambiance, decent service. "A-ok" in my book.
This is a favorite place for my kids to enjoy.  Press 195 has a great atmosphere and vibe.  The Belgian frites are truly authentic and come with great dipping sauces.  I had a terrific hamburger there recently that had terrific flavor, was very juicy and the guacamole was fresh and had a nice subtle kick to it. Also allow me to say that Press is a place that must have a good following . . . they are in a storefront that seemed to be changing names every few months (maybe six to eight).  Press has been here now for a number of years now (I would estimate three maybe), and they don't show any signs of changing who is in this location anytime soon. I would love to come back here and give their burger another taste, and the fries are always a hit with the family.
This is a huge restaurant with a chill vibe that is very welcoming to all demographics.  Their menu is crazy extensive with burger and hot and cold sandwich varieties of all kinds.  I had an unmemorable turkey wrap and Jimmy had a meatball sub which was slightly....... not that great.  The meatballs were homemade which in theory was an excellent idea, but if they can't taste as amazing as Frankie 457's meatballs, they're just not for me (just my humble opinion).  And truth be told, I actually really dig the Subway meatball melts, too.  Haha?  Anyhow!  The service was wonderful, and we had a pretty good time though the noise level was quite high.  Overall, an enjoyable place but not one I would continually seek out. 3.5 Stars.
I have come twice since my first visit, one with the Hawaiian burger, the last with the meat 20 - a roast beef and garlic spread sandwich. Both were delicious.
After hearing all the hype about this place from Yelp and non-Yelping friends, I finally stopped by for a drink. My friends and I got a seat at the bar and with all of us seated, the bartender took drink orders from my three friends but left me hanging for five minutes after tending my third friend. I can't understand why this happened but it didn't sit well with me. This place is obviously crazy on its beers. They keep all of their tap handles and showcase them throughout the bar plus they have fully detailed beer menu which I highly appreciate. Sitting to the other side of me from my friends was an off-duty Press 195 bartender named Vern who was a very interesting and enjoyable person to talk to. He knows his beers and bragged about how everything on the food menu is made in house - unfortunately the kitchen closed by the time I arrived so I'll have to come back sometime. If you're looking for a pitcher of the cheap garbage beer, don't come looking here; you're wasting your time.
Sandwiches are fantastic, draft beers are constantly being switched up so you get a feel for new brews coming out, the popular drafts at any given time.  James the bartender is awesome.  He will welcome you in and give you a good recommendation.  I recently relocated to the area and I'd say this place by far is my favorite.  Go there and check it out
My wife and I dine here at least one or two times a week. The food and service is absolutely fantastic. The wings are awesome! The meatloaf knish might be one of the best sandwiches ever made! There are so many different options you can get lost in the menu, but its hard to go wrong. The bar in my opinion is the best in Rockville Centre. Every week there is a different list of beers on tap. Happy hour during the week is until 7 PM with $4 tap beers and sangria!
Love the salads and fries and sangria. The only issues I have is that when they have a party going on they do not hire extra staff and I have waited 35 minutes for a sandwich which is ridiculous.  Also, I often create my own sandwich, and for the same ingredients, I have gotten charged anywhere between $7-12.  There needs to be a price list so there is consistency.
I ALWAYS ENJOY COMING HERE, I don't know why my friends and I don't eat here more often. The food is always delightful (from the sandwiches to the sensational fries); I'm never afraid to try something new there. The servers are excellent; my server today was Chris and he was very attentive, kind, and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is very relaxing. It's never too loud nor too quiet. This was my first time at Press 195 for lunch and I think it's the PERFECT lunch spot. Sometimes it can be a bit crowded during dinner hours, which means you probably have to wait to be seated, but it's SO worth it. I believe the name of the sandwich I ate today was the "Brian", which had turkey, chopped onions, a spicy mustard, topped with lettuce. It was AWESOME :D
YUM!!! #31 is the best item at least for me! & their fries are to die for with the chipotlemayo dipping sauce - Service is always amazing both pick up and sit down .
Great atmosphere...very cool and relaxed..excellent service...the food is just OK though. I am a goodie and have ate at hundreds of restaurants. The food is OK, the chef does a good job with the ingredients they are working with. However this food would be a hundred times better with fresh products. For example the mozzarella was low grade from a food market. If purchased fresh this place would be five stars. Good quick eat though. In and out in 20 minutes.
great food and service. will visit again
4 stars for the fries. The sauces are a must. My fiancé likes chipotle mayo and I like the roasted garlic. The panini are ok. I've tried several and the only one I've enjoyed is the buffalo chicken one.
When I'm in the Rockville Centre vicinity and hungry, this is the ONLY place I will eat at. The greeters/bartenders have such personality which is a given. Then moving onto being seated, the waitstaff is nothing less! Exceptional service and availability. The food is spectacular. Hot/cold "pressed" sandwiches are my favorite. Always fresh ingredients and perfectly paired. These guys really know how to run an establishment. Keep up the great work!
We come here pretty often - and not once have we had bad service or food. I've tried quite a few of the sandwiches, but my latest favorite is the turkey and guacamole with chipotle mayo. That chipotle mayo is probably what hooks me, since it's always the choice for fries as well. Anyway, they have a great beer selection as well, draught changes seasonally and they have quite a few local options regularly. The Belgian fries are absolutely enough for two to share, and the sandwiches are a large portion as well. (If there for lunch - their 1/2 sandwich with single order of fries special is perfect!) they've got tvs as well if you're trying to catch any game!
Went here for lunch. Had the Steak sandwich w/Chimichurri sauce. All i can say is Great.Everyone I was with loved their meal. Atmosphere, staff made for a wonderful times. A lot of beer & specialty desserts
Went there on a Tuesday night. John the Manager knows his Craft Beer and pointed me in the right direction of their very extensive sandwich menu. I ordered Ham,Bree, sliced apples, and Dijon. My Wife and I loved it.  I also had an order of their traditional buffalo wing. Great flavor and crispy. I don't get out to Nassau County enough but when I do this will be my first stop.
This place is so amazing.  I just wish it was a lot closer for me...Even though they have a second location in Bayside (I hate riding the bus) I can't even head out there.  I was first impressed by their front door and all the mirrors and shiny decorated walls.  It has a lot of natural light and can be seen as very trendy and modern. I was really excited to go to this place because of all the good ratings on Yelp.  Yes, they are indeed true! I want to come back here often, as they have soo many sandwiches to try.  I actually had one in mind, then the waitress came and asked me what I wanted.  I answered, but in actuality I later realized I forgot my first choice and ordered a random one, #38. The steak was so tender!! I've never had onion jam -- It was delightful, however I still would like more physical pieces of onion, not just them mushed together.  It still worked really well with the avocado though.  THE BREAD was the most fantastic thing on earth.  Cripsy, crunchy, and most important delicious. I initially wanted the #29, Grilled marinated sliced steak, tomato, Provolone cheese, onions and homemade Chimichurri sauce.  That is definitely on my first choice, once I step into this place again. AND CAN YOU EVEN BELIEVE?! $10 lunch special with BELGIAN FRIES?! AND THAT MANY?! I almost fainted.  You loyal readers know I'm a sucker for fries.  They were hot to touch and fresh to taste.  There were some burnt ones on my plate though..I was a bit bummed out that they charge more for their Chipotle dipping sauce.   I was also bummed that they don't offer the same happy hour price for their alcoholic drinks if you sit in the dining area.  You have to be sitting at the bar if you want those prices.  BIG BUMMER. Other than that, this place.....heavenly. Read more here: wp.me/30qam
Enjoyed a relaxing dinner here with some girlfriends tonight. We were seated right away. The place is way bigger than it seems from the outside. Waters were brought to the table right away. It took about 5 minutes for our waiter to come by our table, and when he did he just asked for our order. We weren't ready yet, so he said he'd come back. I ordered a #35. Prosciutto, fontina, pears, baby arugula, and olive oil. I opted to add the maple syrup basil pesto to my sandwich. It was a good idea because my panini was awesome. I barely finished half. Price was a justified, since the ingredients were fresh and plentiful. We also split the Belgian fries. We also each got a different sauce. Chipotle mayo, pepper, and roasted garlic. The roasted garlic was mine and the favorite of the table, by far. Service left a lot to be desired. Though we often saw our waiter pass, he didn't stop by our table. I finally got my water glass filled after I wrapped my food to go. 3 paninis and an order of fries (big enough for 3) was $42. Not too shabby. It was definitely worth it and I'll certainly be back!
Belgian fries, beer, and paninis. Need I say more? They have a great selection of beers on tap, happy hour M-F 4-7pm! Vegetarian or meat paninis, ALL are good, you really can't go wrong (the hardest part is choosing one from the huge menu!) There's a parking lot across the street behind the Starbucks, you need to pay but it's free after 6pm? 7pm?
This review is for Wednesday, Jan 22, 2014 - the night after the Polar Vortex dumped 8-10" of snow on Nassau County. Having grown tired of the same old dinner retreads - Pizza, Chinese, Diner, repeat - the wife and I scanned briefly through our Yelp friends' local reviews until inspiration struck.  We had both heard of Press 195, but had continually forgotten to check it out until our methodical dinner plodding had driven us to desperation.  The light at the end of the seemingly endless tunnel of banality was Press 195. OK, perhaps I'm overstating the "transcendent experience" aspect of our visit to Press, but WOW, what a fantastic eatery!   I've thoroughly enjoyed paninis elsewhere, but they all seem to follow the same cookie-cutter pattern.   -Grilled Steak Panini -Grilled Chicken Panini -Grilled Vegetable Panini -Grilled who cares Panini...you can see where I'm going.   Press 195 scoffs at convention and turns sandwiches into gourmet dining.  After mulling the extensive menu for what seemed an eternity, my wife settled on the #17 Ham, Brie, Sliced Granny Smith apples and a cheeky Dijon.  I had the #29 Grilled Marinated Sliced Steak, Tomato, Provolone, onion and fresh Chimichurri and my little man had the kids chicken tenders.  The steak was cooked to medium and the Chimichurri had a phenomenal kick. My wife raved about the Brie and Apple and insisted that the Dijon's kick would be right up my alley.  We also had an order of fries with Chipotle Mayo and Sriracha based dipping sauces.  The fries were good - hand cut and double fried, but they had no "pow" factor of their own.  The dipping sauces definitely gave the side order some character.  I especially enjoyed the Sriracha sauce, while my wife liked the smokiness of the Chipotle.   I'd rate the fries on par with BugerFi or 5 Guys.  When ordering sandwiches, the fries are À la carte.  Fries are included with items like burgers. The beer selection was another shining triumph.  Finally, I've found someplace that offers Arrogant Bastard Ale.  To our server's credit, he warned me that it was a strong beer and not for everyone - which to me meant he's had experience with college-aged Pabst drinkers who ordered the "manly sounding" beer and promptly turned a sour expression on trying it.  But I love my ABA! This brings me to the service offered at Press 195.  Our server, Chris was personable, knowledgeable and about the friendliest waiter I've had the experience to deal with.  When I asked his opinion for a good, full-bodied after dinner beer selection (while my son and wife had their desserts) he brought me a Long Ireland Winter Ale.  The hints of Ginger and All-Spice gave this Ale the closest characteristics to a Digestif a beer can get. Some of the previous reviewers have complained the sandwiches are small, but my response would be that I have no issue paying for quality over quantity.  The issue is that Americans have grown accustomed to too much food.  My sandwich, fries and beer were quite filling.   Totaled, our bill came to $80 for two sandwiches, fries, a kids meal, 3 craft beers (one of which was 22oz) a piece of Carrot Cake (baked on-site and not overly sweet), a bowl of ice cream and a cup of tea.  All-in-all, this was a fine dining experience in a beautiful (but not too trendy) sandwich shop.  This was an easy 5 Star review.
Press 195 is an above average establishment located in Rockville Centre. If you are a lover of paninis, then you will most likely find this place to your liking. They have a large selection of paninis with different meats and toppings. They also have other choices, including a selection of burgers, for those with different needs. I ordered guacamole to start and, being a lover of burgers, first and foremost, ordered a cheeseburger with fries. The guacamole was very nice, fresh, and light. The burger was very good and left me wanting a bit more. The fries were done to perfection, and there was some crisp to every bite that I took. For dessert, I had the warm chocolate brownie. Also pretty yummy but it's big and should be shared for at least two people.
Great service and craft beer ! I had the #43 Panini, chicken cutlet, chipotle sauce, Canadian bacon and grilled pineapple . Almost didn't order because of the pineapple but it made the sandwich that much better .  Fries with 3 - sauces as an app. We will be back 4 sure !
You cannot go wrong here with a panini, a craft beer, and splitting a side of Belgian fries. The service was even more impressive than the food. Our waitress was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu.
I never would of thought of cutting a knish in half and putting something in the middle until I saw it on the menu here. They have knish sandwiches here, if you get the one with the mozzarella and steak on it you will not be disappointed.
I can eat here everyday! I usually get the steak panini with mozz and chimichurri.  Fries are awesome! especially with the new remoulade sauce.   Only bad part is that it's a little pricey, but i often get coupons from free fries or $5 off. Great bar selection and awesome staff!
Ugh! I was so horribly offended by fellow Yelp reviewer, Paul T.,'s review that I felt compelled to write myself. First, I've dined at Press 195 myself several times. That being said, I have to say, the food & service are always consistent and top notch, to boot! The managers are always present, and the servers are always running around helping each other and hustling! Paul T., perhaps you came in during a slow shift? Perhaps "the chunky brunette" was having a bad day? Perhaps the staff remembered YOU & your judgmental ass from a previous visit (perhaps your other aforementioned "bad experience")? Either way, who the hell are you to identify someone so callously? What a douche! P.S. By the by, assh*le, as someone who put himself through college & grad school by serving, let me leave YOU a tip. If you're dining "by yourself," it helps to sit at the bar, you moron! The service is faster & more attentive for single diners--especially if you wait for at least ten minutes at the table! Neophyte!
Decent place to eat for a change of pace on rvc. Good selection of beers and friendly staff.
This place is pretty darn nice! I was in the mood for a vegetarian burger and found this little gem driving around Rockville Center on a Friday night. I ordered one of their many vegetarian paninis, and their box of fries with their signature dipping sauces. It was pretty expensive, but the amount of food I received was certainly worth it! My one drawback is that the panini I had was a bit dry. You can call in and pick up your food, or order at the bar and have a quick drink while you wait. Additionally, the staff there is very nice and polite. However, it can get pretty loud in there and parking is tricky since spots fill up fast near the restaurant. Overall, a good go-to spot for adults to eat and have fun! Sure it's a bit expensive, but trust me you'll definitely get what you pay for. You could get full off the fries alone!!
I enjoyed this place, but I had drank a lot before eating here, so i'll re-assess my review the next time I eat here sober. I had #38, grilled sliced steak, avocado, sweet onion jam, mozz, and a creamy roasted pepper dressing.  It was pretty good, nice crispy bread, which, unfortunately made the sandwich a little messy to eat, but it was good.  The dressing was great.  Ordered the fries too, which was, a lot, ended up sharing it with a bunch of people. The atmosphere is nice a relaxed.  So many places in RVC, but i'll eventually make it back.
Press is my go-to Long Island spot for lunch or dinner.  Once I get a craving for their panini or fries, I am done for.  I must have a a whole panini and a whole basket of fries all-to-myself.  Don't touch them, or I will hunt you down. My favorite panini thus far is #31 Turkey, crispy bacon, Monterey Jack, tomato, chipotle mayonnaise and guacamole.  Extra chipotle mayo on the side.  Yum.
Purely Euphoric. From the initial sip of sangria, to the last stuffing of a Belgian Fry into my mouth, I was completely pleased! For our meals, we ordered a Pastrami Knish, which was essentially a fried potato sandwich filled with pastrami, swiss, and tangy roasted pepper dressing. We also had the the #38 for a panini. This sandwich was easily one the best I've had in awhile, and had all my favorite things: grilled steak, avocado, roasted pepper dressing (I need a find a bottle of that somewhere!), mozzarella, and sweet onion jam. This is one of the many reasons I could never be a vegan. Then, of course, the crisp-to-perfection Belgian Fries. DAMN. Service was great. Attentive and friendly, just how I like it! I wish this precious gem was closer to my home so I could come here everyday, and order every single one of their sandwiches.
Been waiting to come here for a while and was not disappointed. For a sammie 'n brew joint I was actually surprised how nice it was inside. Modern & sleek, it's a nice lookin' bistro. We sat down and ordered a pastrami knish (pastrami, Swiss, sauerkraut and tangy roasted pepper dressing), Belgian fries and a #38 (grilled sliced steak, avocado, sweet onion jam, fresh Mozzarella and creamy roasted pepper dressing). The pastrami knish is a super combo. Cue The Spice Girls, when twoo becomee oneeeeee. Don't be afraid of the red pepper dressing. It meshes well! The #38 was a solid lil' steak sammie. Crunchy bread, tender steak, good cheese and spreads. As for the fries....dammmmnnnn. Just how I like 'em. Super crunchy with a sh*t ton of dipping sauces. Service was solid. Only 2 negs here: -There are two highlighted brews on the website that I didn't see on the menu. Would've loved a Vitus (I also could have just missed it on the menu, but this brew sticks out). -Rude table in the back yelling obscenities with children in the area. Manager didn't do a thing. Loud? Fine. Making a Mom uncomfortable? Not cool, compadre. Happy Hour: M-F $4 drafts, red & white sangria
I am not deducting any stars for my last trip to Press, and its little hiccup.  The food is still outstanding, so can't complain on that front.   On our last trip, Mom and I ordered the heavenly fries (like usual) along with our sandwiches.  Fries are usually served first, so we can fill up on those, and then bring our sandwiches home for later.  (Hey, we are Weight Watching!) This trip though, our fries were served with the sandwiches.  Not a problem, we should have specified.  Mom and I both filled up on the fries, and I had a full half and more than a half (I took two bites - MAX,) of the other half.  We asked for our meals to be wrapped up, and we left without a thought. Hours later, I was ready to delve into my yummy ,practically whole sandwich.  I opened my take out container and to my surprise, the two-bite half was gone. Really?!  I wasn't happy.  Whenever I go out, I pick out things from my food and place them on the side of the plate.  Whether it be a stray onion, or a green thing that I don't like, I ask for the container, and it always ends up back in my leftovers.  So how does one throw out a perfectly fine half of a $10 sandwich?  Did it look like trash?  Are my bite marks that disgusting? At that moment in time, I wish the kitchen staff scraped every last thing that I had meticulously inspected and picked out, back into that container.  I will never get that half-sandwich back.  :shakes fist at the sky:
A new favorite burger bar with a great selection of sandwiches and brews. Press 195 has a great decor, fair prices and a really great selection of beer. For me it was all about a pressed sandwich. I went with the sliced steak with fresh mozzarella, avocado and fried onions with their delicious red pepper spread. The ciabatta was crisp on the outside, yet wonderfully light on the inside. Served with a side of their famous fries this was a great meal.  Along with the sandwich I enjoyed a  great hard cider from Angry Orchid. Around the table were assorted burgers that all looked and tasted delicious (yes I did take a bite of each, how could I not). For dessert, a slice of cheesecake for my father in law with a candle and accompanied by the olde Happy Birthday singing wait staff. Well done Press 195, ill be back for more soon.
Really good homemade soup , fries and burgers!
I've developed a maple syrup pesto addiction and I've become a pannini and craft beer degenerate. This is my favorite place to go in RVC.  The food is amazing, I always opt for the #13, and so is the beer.  The management of this place is great also, servers that can recommend things, bartenders that know their beers.  My fiance and I usually go on Sundays for lunch which is not so crowded, but have been there a time or two on a Friday.  We are kind of regulars to this place and developed nice relationships wtih the folks that work there. The food:  They have this propriatory bread they use for the sandwiches, always comes out crunch, but not so crunch that the thing falls apart when you bite into it.  the fries are dangerous, they are crisped to perfection and fried in peanut oil which gives them a nice flavor.   The beer/ liquor selection:  Every week there is at least one new craft beer to try, which I love because I'm a little beer geek.  They also have a great selection of Bourbon which I think is hard to find around RVC.  Also, a must try is the hot apple cider plain or with a little of the "sauce" in it.  I prefer Jim Beam but others order Rum. Must try! Go on Sunday.
If only the service was as good as the knish!!! :/ The food is pretty good - not bad at all.  The menu just offers so much, it's difficult to pick just one thing! They offer a lot of good beers on tap which is a wonderful addition to any meal.  I've been here a few times, and this time it was a Thursday around 6 pm and there wasn't much of a crowd, which I liked! Their salads are excellent by the way - burgers are pretty good, too! Enjoy!
NO MORE LIVE ACOUSTIC MUSIC ON WEDNESDAYS!!! I had dinner here recently and I was so disappointed after finding out that they no longer have live acoustic music on Wednesday nights! Apparently, the only time they did have live music was when my bf and I had dinner here last fall. This was very disappointing but I'll try not to have petty emotions prevent me from giving an honest review. Ambiance:A This time around we were seated in the larger dining area in the back by the booth. It was a pleasant dining space with one row of comfortable  and chic booths facing the wall of windows giving a lovely view of the alleyway and the brick wall of the adjacent building. Since this was a Rockville Centre alleyway it's cleaner and classier than your average NYC alleyway. So, the view from the booths is not bad, brick walls are cool with me. There are also colorful glass things hanging from the ceiling. Sweet. Service: A+ Our server was fantastic, he was very friendly and very attentive. He was funny too, making cute jokes and he put us at ease. He was an awesome waiter and I hope to have him serve us again the next time we came here. Food:A- #38 Grilled steak, avocado, sweet onion jam, fresh mozzarella, and creamy roasted pepper dressing $10 Very flavorful and tasty sandwich. The ciabatta was perfectly crusty and toasty, and the avocado and dressing was delightfully creamy. All the ingredients worked well together and it was a delicious sandwich, BUT the steak was very toothsome. The steak was very CHEWY, my bf attempted to take a bite of it but gave up. My jaws of steel were able to rip through it, so the dish was fine. It could have been significantly better if the steak wasn't so damn CHEWY. #27 Grilled Chicken smothered in BBQ sauce, onions, jalapenos, smoked Gouda and tomato $9.50 My  bf's dish was very good, the meat in this panini was tender. Belgian Fries $6 Flavorful and crispy. I don't think I would order it again though, $6 seems an awful lot for fries. It was no as amazing as I remembered it to be. No foodgasm with the fries this time. Guess my tastebuds needed more stimulation. Chipotle Jalapeno Mayo 0.75 Bf thought it was a little bland. I thought it was OK, but I personally love mayo so I guess to me it seems better than it is. We were hoping for it to be more spicier and more flavorful. Flavor was very subtle. Don't waste your money on the dip. UFO Raspberry Beer $6ish Pink delicious raspberry flavored beer. It's pretty and tasty. AMAZING! Pros: Good Ambiance Great servers Flavorful Paninis Big portions (was full with one half of my panini) Cons: Live Acoustic Music is MIA Very chewy steak Pricey fries and disappointing dips NOTE: The owner messaged me and said there'll be live music again after summer. Like Press 195 on facebook and it'll give you updates on who is playing. I guess the waitress was new and did not have all the info. No biggie.
Wife and I went yesterday for a late lunch.  After hearing good things we were not disappointed.  We had the asparagus with mozzarella and maple syrup pesto......very good.  Then I had a BBQ chicken panini and the wife had a pork and ham panini both delicious..... We will definitely will be back.
Continues to be my fav in RVC. I almost don't want to share that... The fries STILL rock, the owners make a point to refresh the menu while the servers are always helpful in offering suggestions based on their favs. Same thing with the beer choices - always a great suggestion that usually pans out well! Tried the black bean hummus based on James' suggestion this time - Yum! Thanks James!! My bf doesn't live local, so when he comes to visit and says "let's go get a drink" we never even question where we are heading. It's likely Press 195.
this place was nice, actually really enjoyed the atmosphere. The panini's were good nothing special or mind blowing. Good use a better beer selection for my taste. The service was slow when we went, but it was a sunday and it looked like there was only one server so no fault of his own. Good place worth a try.
Now that I've lived in RVC for 6 months I can rave about this place. I love the ham and vermont cheddar panini and the chicken pesto panini. Amazing. They make a watermelon martini that I'm obsessed with. The restaurant itself is very laid back and fun and the bar scene is cool after hours. Live music with lots of great drinks and tons of beer.   Check in on yelp and get free fries! There are also coupons available for $5 off your order.
I'm a big fan of the Paninis here. If you're worried they don't have something to your taste, then you're crazy and most likely stupid because they have over 70 unique panino to choose from! The place itself is romantic and dim if you want to bring a date. There are also a lot of different beer choices for you to try. The belgian fries are decent here, but I've had better. I would recommend getting one of the specialty dips to go with it, it's just a shame that they charge .75$, that's a little bit on the steep side in my opinion for a miniscule little tin of dip. The paninis themselves are under $10 don't come with anything else which is typical of any panini place you would frequent.
I've heard a lot about this place so I decided it was time to stop by and see what the fuss was about. Upon entering, the staff was friendly and our waiter, Christian was very attentive to us. We ordered they're Belgian fries. They gave us a complimentary sauce they were testing out, so that was nice of them. My friends and I all ordered distinct sandwiches and the wait wasn't long. Cut to the chase, Press 195 is a decent place to stop by and have a tasty sandwich, however, I believe it's too "hyped up". We didn't think our sandwiches was WORTH $10 (thats the average). I would've gotten a tastier sandwich at my local deli for a lower price. Overall, great service, good sandwiches, but not too crazy about going again.
Went for lunch (arrived about 2 p.m.). Walked in and was not paid any attention too.  I finally asked to seat myself.  Ordered a steak and quacamole panini.  Thought it was o.k. but it lacked taste.  Only about 6 customers in the place and it took 30 minutes for food to arrive.  I'd hate to be there when it's super busy. Overall......not too bad, but definitely not a MUST visit.
I've been to all 3 Press 195's.  This one is by far the largest and nicest.  All three have great food and good drinks.  Service wise Brooklyn is the best but this one in Rockville centre is great as well. The fries are great and the serving is enough for two or three people.  My favorite sandwich is the Pastrami knish and the Meatloaf panini coming in a close second. I've tried about 10 different Paninis between all three locations and never have been disappointed.  The salads are a bit pricey but they are large and tasty using fresh ingredients.
First time there so i'm going to be conservative in my review.  Will go back at some point so check back for the update. I had a good time and the food was good so that's why i say A-ok but i wasn't jumping up and down so i can't say Yay! i'm a fan.  I think it has good potential for me to be a fan....but i'll reserve judgment til i try the drinks and more than just one panini.
Great place to sit and grab a bit on the you way home from.the train. Very friendly bartenders to chat with.
We entered Press 195, my parents and I, on a whim.  The original plan was to dine at Grillfire in Rockville Centre, before they headed back to Florida.  What drew my attention to the restaurant was the wide veranda opening out on to the sidewalk on this pre-summer day. The menu sported an impressive wine and beer selection as well as reasonably priced fare; which consisted of sandwiches, burgers and salads, along with some creative Mediterranean appetizers. The service was prompt and attentive and the food makes a strong argument for returning.  The interior is a sleek/mod design, with Warhol-esque art dressing the walls; ironically, it's decor is both a benefit and a detriment to its overall review, for me. It's the type of place you'd bring a girl before you had sex with her for the first time; it walks the fine line of classy yet casual- the type of place that says, "yeah I still play drinking games, but I'm an adult Goddamn it- I wear a tie to work", but the servers appear to have no dress code.  It's fine for the price tag, but seems out of place for the rest of the experience.  Regardless, I will be returning, but with a girl I have already had sex with.
Rockville Centre's Park Avenue had been sorely deprived of two major things before Press 195 came into town: 1) a place that offered food outside the typical Italian dishes that you could find in 4 different places on the same street, and 2) a bar that offered a casual, relaxed atmosphere. Thank you, Press 195, for managing to kill two birds with one stone. I've been here several times now, and I'm pleased to say that all of my experiences have been excellent. The staff are ridiculously friendly, accommodating and down-to-earth. I haven't come to this place enough to be a regular by any means, but they make me feel welcome and comfortable enough to be recognized as one. There's a sense of casual sophistication at Press, where it's definitely more for a crowd who's here for the excellent food, great drink options and good conversations. It's vastly different from other Park Ave establishments that might be crowded and hectic. They have a very extensive beer and wine list, and even had one of my favorite California discoveries, Stone IPA from San Diego. Happy hour lasts until 7PM, but make sure you're ordering from the bar if you want those specials. The food is very good, as I've had a couple of different customized hot sandwiches, the hummus plate and the fries. The paninis are presented in a heart shape, which is a cute touch, and the bread is just awesome. Everything is made fresh and there is a huge variety of different panini offerings; if you're like me and have specific dietary restrictions, you can order a customized panini. The serving size is large for me, but that just means I can take it home and eat it later. Which reminds me, I have half a sandwich waiting for me, so...I think I'm going to take off... and devour that. Right now.
I'm feeling real pressed right now.... Take one look at the photo I added...I dare you lol! If you're stomach doesn't start growling like a wolf, you should check you're pulse. I went to Press 195 in RVC on a Sunday afternoon and fell in love with this super trendy establishment as soon as a I walked in. They have a bar as soon as you enter, a flat screen TV, a few tables for larger parties and convenient two seater tables to sit across from you're date    ;) I got the number 13...grilled chicken, sliced tomato, mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and a delicious maple syrup basil pesto. I also got a FREE order of Belgian Fries once I checked in. Press 195 offers a wide selection of hot press sandwiches and other tasty items that you're belly will thank you for... I can't wait to return to Press 195 and taste everything on their menu!
I have been here a few time and have enjoyed it every time. First off this is one of the less expensive dining options in RVC.  But that is no indication of the quality food and drink they have to offer. They constantly have different regional beers on tap.  From IPA's, White ales, and even a porter when I went last.  They have even more variety in their bottle selections. The one barkeep that has been there everytime, is really helpful and knowledgeable of the food and beer they offer.  Always a nice surprise lately. I always get one of the 5 or so soups they have.  Homemade with a mix of classics and fun styles.  They are always tasty. I do suggest you get an order of the Belgium frites with a dipping sauce or two.  Done in the classic way and so worth the calories/carbs.  The pannini's are pressed properly and the ingredients stuffed inside are high quality. They are a great addition to the scene.  It would be great to see them succeed at a location that has had problems in the past.  I think they have the right formula and following from their Bayside location.
Delicious food, great drinks, good beer selection. Based on the reviews, I hosted my birthday here and found the positive reviews to be true. The staff accommodated our large party, and we didn't need to wait with a reservation.We ordered the free fries by checking in with yelp with no problem.  I ordered the panini with maple pesto, and it was delicious. I will definitely return.
You ever travel to a restaurant, and you're like, man, if this was a restaurant I didn't need to travel to (aka a restaurant that was closer to where you live), then I'd be a big fan? Sorry for the change in point of view there, but, you get me, Yelpers: Press is that kind of restaurant for me. I came here after enthusiastic reviews AND a gift card jumpstarted my trek to RVC one evening with my sis. There are reports on Yelp that the lines here are long; we got here early on a Saturday evening, and when we left there was indeed a line. We, however, sat right away, and the place was fairly hopping. Press has a long, somewhat narrow space, and I think perhaps if they hired more staff and used their space more creatively they would have less of a problem at the door. But I digress. The food: Very good! I had the # 38 (steak sandwich, mozz, onion jam, something else, I forget, on white bread). I liked it, except for the mozzarella; I found it had an odd taste. You really do need to use quality mozz, though, otherwise you do get an odd taste, and so I think perhaps Press should revisit the quality of mozzarella they purchase. My sister had the #8, I think, and though I can't recall what it was, she liked it. We shared an order of the fries; the menu says they are for two, and that is absolutely true. The fries were good, not the very best, as some claim to the contrary here on Yelp, but well made and crisp (Incidentally, RVC does have the best french fries, but you need to head on over to George Martin the Original if you want 'em.). They wanted salt. We tried the chipotle mayo, which was basically just mayo, and the garlic dip, which was okay. We tried the dessert special, a pumpkin bread with maple ice cream, and I thought that was both well made and quite delicious. The service: Also very good! No problems, the waiter was prompt, attentive, and friendly. He handled more than a handful of tables competently; bussers removed dirty dishes and wrapped food, etc. Price: We got dessert, two dips for the fries, and sodas, which can run the bill up just a tad, so the two of us got out of there at just under $45, after tax but before tip. For what you received, I thought it was worth it. Which brings me back to my earlier statement: If I lived in RVC, I would get to know Press intimately. They deliver locally, and they serve quality food. I'm glad I got to try it, but I don't live close enough to make Press a regular destination. This disappoints me, and if you're in RVC regularly for work, food, or drink (this is a great before or after bar destination), or you just are lucky enough to live there, check out Press. I know you have lots of options, but this one is worth it, so, you know, you're welcome ;).
As a new frequenter to RVC,and someone looking for more than bar food, This is one of my new favorite weekend lunch spots. The atmosphere is trendy, and the service has always been friendly. With an extensive menu of both cold and hot paninis, (which they update regularly)  my boyfriend and I find keep finding new favorites ! Favorite - Jimmys Classic
I have heard about Press 195 for awhile. It's one of my clients favorite spots to grab a bite. So I brought my client to dinner there. I was surprised at how big the place was. The staff was very friendly and the part that matters most is that the food was excellent! The appetizer was an asparagus platter with cheese and tomatoes in a pesto sauce. It was very good.  We also ordered a side of fries, they were perfectly crispy.  I ordered number 31 a turkey sandwich for dinner. It was not dry at all in fact it was amazingly moist and bursting with flavor. I'm glad I brought my client here and I look forward to going more often. It was a great overall experience.
If someone told me that I would absolutely fall in love with a sandwich restaurant, I would think they were crazy.  Alas, I am wrong bc Press 195 is not just a sandwich shop -- it's trendy, bustling, & the home of the most delicious paninis/sandwiches. Trendy, upbeat atmosphere but luckily only a 15 min wait on a Saturday night for 3.  What's better is that you can pick up a drink at their bar while waiting.  Choosing your meal is insane because there are so many choices.  We opted for paninis this time but, while waiting for our table I was completely enticed by the smell of the waiters shuttling the stuffed knishes & wraps to the tables.  Yes, I was extremely jealous while waiting for a table.   First off, it's essential to order their belgian fries -- thin, crispy, & a generous portion.  We added the chipotle mayo for $.75 and its slight kick was well worth it.  We ordered a small  pitcher of white sangria that allowed for about 6 glasses worth -- nice fruity taste & not very strong.  We ordered #31, 32, & 44.  All the paninis were insanely large and perfectly crisply flattened.  The panko crusted chicken parm sandwich was my favorite -- and they didn't skimp on the chicken nor did the panko crust get soggy from the marinara/cheese.  The turkey, bacon, & guac/chipotle spread panini was also scrumptious.  My new dream is to work/eat my way through Press 195's whole menu because EVERYTHING sounds to die for.
One of my favorites in town. Great food. Incredible fries - i mean the best anywhere. Great selection of micro beers. Real good prices too.
A really unique surprise in a great town flourishing with an ever-growing downtown scene. The chic bar area at the entrance provides an inviting welcome to something you know is going to be pleasantly different. Press 195 has a fantastic beer selection, of which I suggest trying the Sea Dog Apricot Wheat Beer, an extremely quenching ale on what was nearly a 100 degree day. This beer, brewed in Portland Maine, and having the same name as that city's minor league ball club, provides a subtle and sweet flavor that I enjoyed very much. The Menu is large but fairly simple aside from the colossal array of 40 creative Hot Sandwiches. I really savored the #32, "Jack's Special," which contained spicy grilled chicken, fresh melted Mozzarella, BBQ sauce, onions and pickle. We also ordered the hand cut Belgian Fries, which my grandfather specifically asks for burning hot, well-done, and they came out just that way, magnificent.
This place had an extensive list of sandwiches, all sounded so delicious. The fries are great and they have a good selection of beers. The ambiance of this restaurant is really nice and the decor is perfect. It's a great place for trying something different each time. Can't wait to go back and try something new.
Went to Press last night for the first time with my boyfriend. Food was awesome. We had chips and gauc (these were OK, not bad but compared to the rest of the food, just OK) and a steak stuffed knish (Awesome, I mean like really really good) for apps. For our meals we had a chicken and ham panini with some type of jam and a meatball panini, both fantastic. Only complaints was that the paninis came out too fast. We were still eating the apps and would of liked some down time to digest. Second complaint is that the waitress asked if we wanted desert and after we declined she brought us the check. We would of stayed for another drink as we were waiting for our train to come.
California burnin' burger is delish and the fries are amazing! nice ambiance and take-out is neat, tidy, and ready when they say it will be.
My friend and I ate here about 7:00 on a Saturday night and had a really really nice time. It was a nice, busy atmosphere and the menu is full of delicious-sounding options. Start off with the Belgian fries--you won't be sorry. I got a really good grilled chicken panino with maple syrup basil pesto sauce. Yum! This is a nice little restaurant and seems good for a variety of people. We sat by the bar, but there was seating up front and more in the back. I saw a couple of high chairs getting moved around so it also seems kid-friendly. The bathroom was nice & clean (but I didn't notice a changing table...in case you have a diapered kiddo in tow).
Huge sandwich selection, with unique and quality ingredients. Offering 40 varieties of pannini daily, Press 195 has something for everyone. The sandwiches are a good size and the Belgium style fries quite addictive.  They offer a number of dip options with the fries, roast pepper, roast garlic and chipotle mayo, which were all very tasty. I had the #11 'Marinated spicy grilled chicken, fresh blue cheese and carrot shavings'.  The chicken was juicy and the topping really refreshing.  They have a number of vegetarian options as well. The prices are very fair for the quality of the sandwich. People seem to expect everyone sandwich price to be as low as McDonald's. But this is real bread, real ingredients and good flavors, they are worth a little investment. The decor is very airy and bright for a smaller place.  And the lunch wait staff was very attentive.
Since I was headed to witches brew I figure I would grab lunch somewhere and chose this spot. Hubby and I were happy about this choice. The sandwiches are just delicious, I had a steak sandwich it was just great, especially enjoyed the chimichurri sauce that went with it. Even better the next day. I don't usually like ciabatta bread but the way it's pressed just makes it a great sandwich. I recommend. Prices are very cheap too.
This place is pleasantly surprising in both atmosphere and food. Imagine a narrow corridor that greets you with a busy bar surrounded by patrons waiting to be seated... walking further to reveal a bunch of tables in a back area that drops in noise level but still retains its energy. I immediately assumed that this place was going to be overpriced... but that couldn't have been further from the truth! Where to start, where to start... if you can't find a panini you want on the menu then you have issues beyond picky eating. I can't recall which ones I've ordered but I do recall them as very delicious and satisfying. I can only eat half because they are so big! The fries are obscenely good... order the chipotle dipping sauce and you won't know where they all disappeared to so quickly. The sangria here is refreshingly good, but served with too much ice and a little light in my opinion. You'll need at least half a pitcher to yourself to feel a buzz... and this is coming from someone with a very low tolerance. The staff here are always friendly and smiling; they seem to have a good sense of humor. For such reasonable prices in a trendy place, you just can't go wrong. Great for dates, groups, and family dinners when you don't want to spend a fortune but looking for a solid meal in an upbeat environment.
So many hot paninis to choose from.  All unique and made fresh to order.  Make sure to ask for their hot sauce on the side.  It isn't like any other hot sauce I have ever had.  Beer selection changes weekly.  Indoor and outdoor seating (in back). What is not to love?
This is my go to place when I just want a light meal. Their salads are huge and tasty and their paninis are great as well. Always hot and crispy. I even like the pickled veggies they give you on the side. The fries are a must, although the specialty sauces they offer you are not. You'll be fine with just ketchup. Their fries (as with all fried items) are only good when they are fresh out the fryer! I always love the fries here, but the last time I came, I think they might have been sitting out for a while and I didn't get that same "OMG" feeling that I normally get. They just weren't as crispy and hot as they should have been. Their sangria's are great by the way - both the red and white. I usually get 2 drinks and I get one of each (cause I'm indecisive as to which one I like best). I think they're only $5 each? Also the last time I went, my friend and I sat at the bar and the bartender was really great. Nice guy, gave us attentive service and was still able to do his job and mingle with the other patrons.   Good place to come and hang out with your girlfriends or even have a casual date night. They have cute little secluded booths long the right side of the wall when you first come in, so it gives you and your honey some privacy while being in a casual atmosphere. I heart this place :)
Nothing makes me much happier than a place with a relaxed atmosphere that allows you time to enjoy it.  Press 195 encompasses everything you would want out of a fancy dining experience without the hassle feeling obligated to impress.   With a wide array of paninis, Press makes it a point to give you time to find a sandwich suitable to your liking.  My personal favorite...the buffalo chicken.  Unreal and delectable... a must have.  Dont forgo the belgian fries...best fries LI has to offer!
Went here 10/8/13. Food is yummy! Burgers are juicy and the toppings make the whole meal BAM! with flavor. Enjoyed the "modern hipster" environment....and the mirrors (great for people watching and making faces) definitely coming back!
Huge fan of the Bayside location and was in the area looking to grab a quick bite. Although the other location is great it is a bit tiny and the bar is rarely open, the RVC location however,  is far more spacious and cozy. If i lived close by i'm pretty sure I'd be paying rent because I'd be here at least twice a week. Great spot and the outdoor seating is a nice touch as well
My friend and I had gone to a movie-she had had  a late lunch and was not that hungry-I had not eaten since lunch. We both got coffee I got a hot press sandwich consisting of prosciutto, fresh mozzarella tomato and EVOO. She only got a dessert-the Nutella press with fresh banana and ice cream. Our waiter was most accommodating and it is reasonably priced. An excellent choice with before or after a movie.
A great lunch spot for paninis, soup, or salad.  I had their squash chipotle soup today and it was delicious.  Our server said it had maple pesto in it ... whatever it was it was great.  I also had the #15 - panini with portobello mushroom, goat cheese, arugula, and roasted red peppers.  Helpful, fast service, great food, and a wide variety of options on the menu make this a regular destination for our work lunches!
One of my favorite places in RVC. The atmosphere is really nice and appears to be recently renovated. The food is excellent and there is a long menu mainly consisting of panini's  and salads. I also recommend ordering delivery - it's always hot, correct and fast (within 20 minutes). :) I order from here about 3 days a week.....
Very good food and sandwiches.  Had the number 38 and recomend it to any steak lover.
DUDE!!! We're like back, again!   Like, they're still totally rocking those awesome sandwiches!  Wife had  her grilled veggie panini thing.  Might-a been BETTER then my Turkey Bacon one.  We had to share that pressed Banana Bread concoction for dessert again.  A most excellent place.
Ever since being introduced to Press 195 by a friend last fall, this has been my hubs' and my go-to restaurant in the RVC downtown area.  The hot paninis are so delicious - never knew these things could taste so good!  Our faves are #9 and #43.  And honestly, I don't even bother trying paninis anywhere else.  Their Belgian fries are fantastic too, and love the roasted garlic sauce.  They have a great selection of drinks, especially the white sangria.  The place is trendy, but not overly so, and there's a backroom that's available for private parties.  Service is great too.  (And of course I threw hubs' surprise 30th here, and it was a hit with everyone.)  We come here so often I'm pretty sure the manager recognizes us...
One of my favorite RVC spots to eat in or take out. Great beer selection. Great fries and dipping sauces. Consistently great paninis. The buffalo chicken is one of my favorites. They also make one of the best burgers in town. I've also tried most of their soups. The butternut squash is my fav, but I haven't had one yet that i didn't like. Atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Enjoy!
Very impressed with management here.  A guarenteed stop next time I am in RVC.  French Fries are a must :)
I hosted a surprise graduation party for my husband at Press195 last night, and the restaurant did a great job!  All our guests loved the food (especially the stuffed knishes and fries), and the entire staff was right on point the whole night.  I worked with John A to set up the party, and he was very accommodating, helpful, and flexible.  The pricing was great too.  I would absolutely recommend Press195 for a group party!
Great lunch spot. A numerous variety of sandwiches to chose from as well as some salads and starters. You can also create your own panini or salad if you would like. Must get the fries- they are delicious. And try some dipping sauces. One order of fries can feed 3 people.
So...many...sandwich choices... Food was fresh and tasty. Good atmosphere and service. They have a decent beer selection as well.
Good food, good drinks. Reasonably priced. Would recommend it.
Absolutely incredible! I ordered a simple mozzarella and veggie panini (usually I expect these types to be rather simple or bland) but the maple pesto blew me away.  It had this great subtle sweet after taste, I meant to eat only half and take the rest home, but I ended up eating the whole thing, and some fries as well (crispy, just how I like it).  The beer selection was great too.  Three days later I got a craving so we ordered (YES they deliver!!) and I got goat cheese, which was also a treat.
I've been here a few times with family that live in the area and wanted to make sure my experience was consistent before writing a review, I have yet to be disappointed by the quality of the food - always delicious!! Sandwiches are my favorite things to eat so with the variety of the paninis, I can always try something new. At my last visit I got #18 spicy grilled chicken with onions, black bean hummus, fresh cilantro, and cheese - yumyum! The belgian fries are tasty & crisp, a guilty pleasure with some excellent dipping sauces (roasted pepper is my favorite). The steak, mozzarella & avocado one is pretty good too. And at these prices ($9-$12) you can't really beat the experience. I look forward to trying all the paninis at some point - 3 down, 37 to go!
This place was pretty cool. Went during lunch, no wait, wasn't crowded. Service was quick and friendly. 3 different people did ask me and my girl if we wanted refills on our drinks. The table we got was cute and beads seperated that tables right in front and behind us. I had this panini with marinated chicken with hot sauce, cheddar and monterery jack cheese, onions, and black bean hummus, which was amazing. hummus on sandwiches makes the sandwich so much better i think. The best part was the fries before the sandwiches. They were perfect. I dont remember the last time I had fries this good. And the spicy jalapeno mayo that went with it; delicious. Two reasons not five. One two sandwiches, fries, and two sodas came to almost $35. But it was definitely worth it. Two, not a stab at them just RVC in general; parking sucks.
This place will literally make you whatever you feel like eating which i think is ridiculous since there so many great combinations they have already placed on the menu!  Must try # 38!! Service was great and food came out quick! definitely one of my new favorite spots for lunch!
I come here when I feel like being fat. You should too. Don't waste your time with a sissy grilled chicken press when you can have mothereffing steak pressed in a goddamn knish oozing mozzarella. Being fat doesn't get much better than this people.  Go big or go somewhere else.
My favorite local restaurant.  Staff is always friendly, great casual vibe.  Always a great beer on tap and every sandwich Ive tried is a winner.  I always get the cuban though.
So, Press 195!  What a chore to finally get to you after several attempts and nothing but failure on my part, but persistence and hard work pay off.  Boy does it pay off.  We sat down and got right to the meal.  I got something called Jim's special or John's special.  It was spicy grilled chicken, mozzarella, BBQ sauce, pickles, and onions.  While I hoped the chicken would be more spicy, it was a really good press.  My accomplice got a pressed knish with Mozzarella and steak with some garlic sauce.  The Belgian fries are tasty, probably in the top 5 of fries I have had.  They could use some more dipping sauces though, some spicier ones!!  Can you tell I like spicy.  I would go back to this place in a heartbeat!  Hey Press 195, open a place in Suffolk County, preferably the South Shore area!!!
Service was amazing at my last visit. Ate at the bar and they were constantly making sure we had all that we needed. Fries with the chipotle dipping sauce never seems to get old for me, tastiest sauce I've ever had. SO GOOD. Go there RIGHT now if you havent been already!
I had heard from "friends of friends" that Press 195 was a great place to eat, but I never expected it to be AWESOME!! Everything we had (steak knish, citrus grilled chicken salad w/goat cheese & the #9 pork special) was perfect! But the nutella with bananas desert was foodgasmic!  Plus the Live music was exceptional!! We will be back!!
As recent transplants to Long Island we have been hard 'pressed' to find any truly tasty food in the Long Beach area, but a bartender suggested Rockville Center for more options.  Yelp came right thru for us...this place is great!  Had the steak Panini w/the onion jam, roasted pepper sauce (#38) and it was excellent.  I, being Irish, am bit of a French fry snob, and their fries were awesome too!  Good beer selection and friendly bartender - we always try to eat at the bar - so can't comment on table service.  Making it a weekly stop now.
Foodies!!! Behold... Brimstone here bringing all of our Food Hounds up to date on one of the hottest spots in Rockville Centre, New York... Press 195. You may have seen this spot on countless Food Network shows and in an abundance of different high profile publications; but to be blunt -- you haven't seen anything until you've actually sat down and eaten here yourself! This place is off the proverbial hook from the ambiance to the food and right down to the staff that makes this place tick. Great place to grab a quick and tasty bite for lunch or to hold a trendy and impressive business meeting. Luscious, Etan Wish and I were uber excited to give this restaurant a shot; so without further ado... the FOOD!!! There was literally SO many different things to try, we opted to let our hosts pick some of the favorites for us to sample. Seriously... they have over 50 different sandwiches alone to choose from... Luscious almost went into a Food Coma looking at the menu!!! Out first came a Roasted Beet Salad. I've got to tell you that we were a little shocked when they brought out the greens; but the Chef assured us, "Go ahead, eat the Goat Cheese and Beets together!" He was so confident that we figured we'd give it a shot... WIN! VERY smooth and steady flavor! The maple syrup walnut vinaigrette was ridiculous... what a shock to our tastebuds! The caramelized marinated onions and beets are roasted in the maple syrup which does a great job in bringing out the YUM factor. Moving right along to the Appetizer WIN... the Belgian Fries. Let us take a moment to bow our heads in memory of such a delicious feast of potatoes. Double fried to crispy perfection, an unbelievably LARGE portion... SO good! However, the sauce was the BOSS! Press 195 cares about the sauce ladies and gentlemen. They offer a variety of different dipping sauces that are guaranteed to please any palate. My Saucenese was put to the ultimate test as we tried each of their mind blowing concoctions! The WIN for me was the Chipotele Jalapeno Mayo, GREAT flavor and a slight kick! The Roasted Garlic was close second, and the Roasted Pepper.. Mmm... fresh garden veggies chopped up and inserted into this bad boy of a sauce... LOVED IT! We then had what is called the Asparagus Appetizer which includes grilled asparagus carefully draped over tomatoes and fresh Mozzarella. The entire plate was doused with a killer maple syrup basil pesto made famous by the crew at Press 195. Awesome sauce... hands down! Not only was it great, the syrup actually cuts the naturally strong flavor of the pesto down to make it just right! The Mozzarella is uber-fresh as they opt to bring it in from a local Cheese Whiz who's ONLY business is the Mozz. When you've gotta have the Mozz... you go to this guy! **Note: I need that guys card because that cheese was amazing! Lastly, we had the Hummus Plate which is perfect for a couple of people to pick off of... it had had a mixture of black bean hummus, grilled marinated Portabella mushrooms (YUM), Calamata olives and roasted red peppers served with tasty grilled and spicy rounds of bread. The entrees were one after the other tastebud pleasing in every single way. A favorite for all of us was the Meatloaf Knish which could really be considered a full meal in one knish! The ratio of Knish to meatloaf was fantastic and it was SO soft to bite into. Cheddar was a nice choice to top it off and cheese it up. The gravy they use is made from all the delightful drippings of their various meats... No bit of deliciousness left behind! I could of continued to eat these forever... but wait, there's more! The California Burnin' Burger was top notch! Upscale burger in a pressed bun served with those AMAZING fries (that have been voted as BEST fries on Long Island on a few occasions). For the burgers here, the meat is a blend of short ribs, brisket & chuck (pick your jaw up from the floor now)! We were mesmerized at how insane the flavors were in this specialty burger which included Monterey Jack, jalapenos, homemade salsa & guac. We moved on to their Pressed Sandwiches next... #31 the Turkey Pressed Sandwich. Turkey, bacon... chipotle mayo (LOVE this stuff), Jack and that guacamole. Then, they call the Grilled Hanger Steak pressed sandwich the #38. They SHOULD call it number ONE because this thing was ridiculous! Grilled hanger steak, drowning in the fresh mozzarella and sprinkled with sweet onion jam, roasted pepper dressing and avocado. THE BOSS! At the end of the day... we couldn't decide on a definitive WIN; so we'd recommend giving each of these dishes a shot yourself. Dessert we were treated to the Banana Bread Press with banana & strawberry slices, ice cream and whipped cream. Heaven. In a town full of dining options; Press 195 truly stands out as a new favorite for ole' Brim and the Food Hounds. Remember, Eat well and Prosper!
Great spot, great food.  This is a great all around place.  i have eaten here at least 5 times this year.  it is great for a date, friends or a quick bite.  Overall, the atmosphere is nice, relaxing and a little bit trendy compared to other sandwich places.   they have a nice bar and selection when you first walk in, and i have even been there when the have music which is good. ever time i go a try a new sandwich and of course i always get the fries!  Never had a bad meal here.
So my husband and I wanted to try this place for awhile. We were immediately greeted and sat on a Saturday night around 7. Place was very busy and seemed the right place to be. We ordered the asparagus with maple syrup pesto appetizer and it was amazing. However the rest of the menu was very complicated it took forever to read all the offerings.... my husband ordered the steak knish sandwich and I ordered the portabella swiss with spinach wrap. I am very glad we ordered a side of fries. In short very pricey for a little bit of food
Press195 in Rockville Centre has become my go to restaurant of choice in town. I make it a point to try a new sandwich each time I go and I have not been disappointed yet. The beer selection is outstanding and hands down their red sangria is the best in town. Their dessert selection is simple but brilliant. Their banana bread pressed dessert is delicious. The atmosphere is trendy for young people but still family friendly. It is a great place to go with a group of friends because they have something on the menu for everyone. Each person I have recommended Press to has had nothing but good things to say and they have gone back after their first time. They take reservations which is a big plus if you're familiar with how crowded Rockville Centre restaurants are on the weekends. For those who have had unfortunate "not so great" service, give Press another chance and remember they're still a fairly new restaurant and it sometime takes time for new staff to get comfortable.
Ordered #27 for delivery, although the person taking the order on the phone was curt. The sammy was yum!  Delivery was really quick , the food was hot as if I was at the restaurant itself. The ciabatta bread was perfection, crunchy and toasty yet soft and chewy. The ratio of chicken to condiments was ideal. And it was very satisfying. Cant wait to go back and eat in next time.
Really like this local place, always a tough choice of what to choose out of 30 something gourmet sandwiches on average the price is ($10). The portion is large enough that you can split with someone or have leftovers. I've had one that was was with proscuitto, fontina cheese and apple slices, good balance between salty & sweet. Love their white wine sangria, after two glasses your guaranteed to feel a little loopy.
Ate here for lunch today- had the #13 sandwich (tomato, pesto, mozzarella) with grilled chicken, and a burger. Everything was ok, edible but uninspiring. The sandwich wasn't anything special, and the side cucumber salad was a joke. From the many glowing yelp reviews I was expecting greatness, and it was just eh. Average prices for the area, but the portion was skimpy comparatively. Also, I really did not like the fries. There were many comments about how they're double fried so they are extra crispy. Mine were just doubly oily, and not too crisp. The wait staff seemed really inexperienced. When we entered, which was at lunchtime and the place was busy, almost every table occupied, nobody greeted us at first, until the bartender said something. Then a waitress walked us to the back, where it was very loud- there are no soft furnishings back there, so in the closed space a few people talking sounded like a stadium crowd. We walked back to the front, and she wiped off a just abandoned table for us with a wet cloth, and walked away. Never returned to dry off my husbands chair which was now wet. Our waitress, not the same young woman who seated us, gave off a very bored vibe. She wasn't unfriendly, she just seemed in her demeanor like she had better things to do. She took our orders, dropped off the plates 15 minutes later without a word, and then we had to wave her down to drop the check, which she also left and then received without a word to us. The restaurant was occupied, but not so full that there was a line; it wasn't as if she didn't have time to check on us, she was just busy chatting with another waitress by the bar. So overall, it's edible, but we wouldn't return. Don't believe all the hype.
The panini's here are very tasty! I am also a big fan of the fries. But sometimes it can get crowded, which isn't shocking especially since it is a popular joint
Great place. Took a guest to lunch with my wife based on their yelp listing and we were blown away by the food and service. I highly recommend Press. 195.
Outstanding sandwiches, and so many to choose from. The craft beer selection is the best you'll find the area, and the beer is fresh. Service was good. Great for families and groups.
Press 195 is our go to place!! It started as an occasional craving and I would say my fiancé and I probably get it once a week now, huge bonus that they deliver! When you've been there a million times like I have you've experienced the busy days, the not so busy days, and everything in between and I have to say they're pretty consistent! The food is always AMAZING the service is always friendly and fast and the sangria is great along with their interesting beer selection. If you're ever in RVC looking for a place to eat definitely go to press!
Best beer in the area, hands down.  Because they give a shit.  Sorry Croxleys,  its about quality, not quantity.
I was very imPRESSed by the food and service at this place.  We started off with an order of Belgian fries and the asparagus appetizer, then moved on to sandwiches.   The list was a bit overwhelming so our server, who was very friendly, suggested two delicious options, one portobello and one steak panini, which my friend and I shared.  Everything was lovely.  I will absolutely go back.
Great food and quick service. I'll def be going back there when I'm in the area.
Awesome pressed sandwiches.  Had the #38, grilled steak (very tender), sweet onion jam, mozzarella cheese, roasted pepper spread and avocado.  This sandwich was delicious....I'll be back soon to try other menu items.
Great place for an inexpensive, yet hearty meal.  They've got a huge menu to choose from.  My favorites are the Buffalo Chicken panini and the Meatloaf panini with mashed potatoes, cheddar cheese and gravy.  I am alway so full that I can never finish a whole sandwich.  The salads look great too,  but I haven't tried one yet with all of the other great options. My one complaint is that the service can be spotty.  Some nights we have great, attentive waiters, and other nights all of the employees look like they would rather be some place else.
I have been here multiple times on both Saturdays and Sundays.  Despite them being busy most of the times that I went, the service has always been excellent and the food delicious. The manager/owner even came over a couple times and asked us how we were enjoying our meal (once he even gave us Belgian Fries on the house!).  They have so many choices of sandwiches that everyone should be able to find something that they like.  One thing I would definitely recommend is the Belgian Fries with a dipping sauce (or two) and share it with whoever you are with.  Only downside I found with the place is the last time I went the bathroom was pretty messy (paper towels all over the floor, etc).  Other than that, fantastic place to eat and get take out from! This is my GO TO place for a good panini sandwich.
I don't write Yelp reviews often, so when I actually take the time to write one that means it's worth it. This place is definitely worth it. My boyfriend and I were visiting the area over the weekend and some friends recommended getting together here for dinner Saturday night. With the last minute plans I call to see if they'll take call ahead seating at 4:30pm on Saturday. They made a reservation for me at 7pm for 6 people, no questions asked. When we arrived the place was a little busy, but very comfortable. It was modern in decor and all of the staff were extremely pleasant. I actually could not stop raving about the staff all night. First, we grabbed a drink at the bar waiting for the rest of our party to show up. My boyfriend wanted a recommendation on an IPA and the bartender suggested one that just came in that day. He was knowledgeable in his recommendations and didn't leave us standing without a drink for long. Once we sat down our waiter came over to introduce himself, Chris. He made our night, he was funny, quick witted, jumped in our conversations more than once and extremely personable. It also helped he memorized our order and didn't mess it up at all. If we didn't feel so bad being his last table and keeping him late we would have stayed and had a drink with him. The food is amazing. Everything comes out warm and fresh. The fries are to die for and their garlic sauce and chipotle mayo to go with them are even better. There is also a maple vinaigrette that is amazing to dip your fries into but you have to ask for that as it isn't listed on the menu. Good food AND good service is sometimes hard to come by, but this place has nailed them both.
I've been a devoted customer of La Bottega just around the corner for awhile now, which really whet my appetite for paninis.  As such, going here with my mom and a family friend for lunch this past week, I wondered if Press 195 could possibly compare. Short answer: yep.  And then some. I got a #13 panini, which was very close to what I usually get at La Bottega: fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, fresh basil, and some kind of maple syrup pesto sauce.  The latter, which sounds bizarre and/or disgusting, actually works out really well.  The panini itself was utterly delicious, with beautiful presentation and very high-quality ingredients.  I could tell at first bite that this was on a whole other level compared to La Bottega.  Yes, it's more expensive (roughly $10 here instead of roughly $6 at La Bottega), but to me, it's worth it. The Belgian fries were beyond fantastic.  Definitely recommend trying unless you cannot abide greasy foods.  However, I suggest splitting them with at least one other person, unless that's all you're ordering.  They give you a pretty hefty amount, and greasy food is rather heavy on the stomach, anyway.  One order split three ways, and then our sandwiches, was more than enough food for all of us. Decor is chic and service, while a tad slow, was good.  I can't wait to go back. P.S.  This would make an excellent venue for a first date (and I will likely utilize it as such), although I can't speak to the noise level on a busy night.
I've now been to both locations and they are consistent. It seems that both locales have done away with the half sandwich and salad combo which many people tell me was the best reason to visit. Sandwiches are good whether hot or cold. Fries are also good.
I love this place. The panini menu is huge and you can always make your own. There's a ton of craft beer as well. I've been here for lunch with friends, dessert with the boyfriend, beers with my dad during football, etc. It's a good environment for many occasions. A delicious, cheap meal and consistently good service
Great vegetarian options and the beer selection was almost as good as it gets.. I will definitely be back!
I stopped by for a bite to eat and to check the place out. I really like that they kept most of the decor from the previous establishment, and what has been changed is very nice also. Great selection of bottle and draught beer, also a respectable choice of wine. My #13, consisting of mozzarella cheese, basil, and maple syrup basil pesto with prosciutto was delicious. The bartender took great care of me and was very friendly. A great addition to the RVC dining scene.
Good standby. The paninis are great (so many to choose from)! Good beer selection that changes often. Staff is friendly and helpful. Try the fries.
Great great sandwiches! The belgian fries are absolutely worth it. Great rotating beer selection.
I had a post-Halloween party at my house, a nice crowd of 15 adults and 15 kids, so wanted something different than a typical chicken parm and ziti.  Press 195 catering menu looked interesting.  I ordered the wings, the chicken fingers, the medium sandwich platter, the hummus platter, mozzarella with a twist platter, french fries and crudite platter.  There was plenty of food and the total came to a bit over $400, so it's less than 15 bucks per person and everyone was raving about the food.  People really cleaned the plates, I was hoping for some leftovers, but there were none.  Will definitely order food from Press again.
Amazing food! A bit pricey for burgers and fries but super delicious. The place is really calm and it is a cozy atmosphere. Also if you check in on yelp you get free fries :)
If you are looking for a place to drink GOOD draft beer - this place has only 6 on draft but a good happy hour and bartenders that know their product.
Hit or miss for me. Great sangria, mixed drinks not so good. Sometimes the sandwiches are great, while other times not good at all.
First meal there on this Friday night - crowded and loud as we waited for about 15-20 m for a table - we wanted to give it a shot. Despite other's complaints about the service our waitress was good - not too intrusive but friendly and didn't leave us hanging even though we were in the 'front' area by the bar [so not in her main path] Definitely someplace I'd go back with the family for lunch - we enjoyed the food - nothing overwhelmingly great but good, and there were plenty of other things we wanted to try on the menu
Very good food and modern decor. A good date spot.
