I moved upstate a little while back, but I really want this place to be there when I come to visit! So basically this review is my humble appeal to you Long Island folk to please check this place out and bring all your friends. You will live forever if you eat here. Disclaimer: not medical advice. But seriously, you will. Bob's natural foods makes great fruit and green smoothies and juices and super crunchy raw vegetarian wraps the size of your head. What else could you possibly want... in life? It's the perfect clean, healthy meal after hitting the beach. No shirt/shoes required. The dining area is at the back of the store; listen for the roaring vitamix blender.
I have been a regular at Bobs for years. Outstanding - great wraps, food and the best smoothies on earth. Long Beach is. Healthier and Happier place because of Bobs.
The only saving grace is the smoothies but if your a true naturopath that wants more than groceries not worth your time. As far a supplements go it's a glorified GNC and don't even bother for oils, selections suck and prices hyper inflated. I've been using Ylang-ylang for over 20 yrs and have never seen a  bottle that size  for $25. Also they only carry one brand. I got what I absolutely needed and came home and ordered online. Good grocery store and deli but that's it
Amazing food
Everyone working was super friendly. I got a avocado and hummus wrap based on reviews that I read on Yelp. It was soooo small and for $9.75 I felt like I got bamboozled. Not worth the money at all. It was like a wrap you would make at home but for three times the price. I was hungry so I bought it but I was really tempted to leave it on a shelf and go find lunch somewhere else.
There are a few times in life when a meal is so expertly crafted and planned that it is nothing short of genius. Bobs is one of those places.
There's a serious hippy/family vibe here.  They have a really good selection of vitamins and teas, a lot of organic and hard to find flours/grains/pastas/nectars/supplements/seeds/­beans....   I love their juice/lunch bar in the back.  You think you're paying a lot for a wrap, and then you open it and realize its the size of your head; so its pretty reasonable.  I also think its adorable they have jewelry for sale in the front (adding to the hippy vibe) and picnic tables indoors in the back.
Lots of hard to find foods, supplements, cleaning products and close to home! Also - I hear the food they serve are fantastic!!!  I haven't tried it yet but I hear Bob makes up some soups, sandwiches all having gluten free or vegan recipes - which is really cool!  I wish there hours were a little later at night because it's hard for me to get home from work and make it in time before they close which means I can only head over here on the weekend.   I actually got to meet Bob himself while I was in here and he's a really nice guy. Looking forward to going back again! Enjoy!
Need a shot of wheat grass after indulging in rich foods?  Yes, I know.  I've been there. Bob's Natural Foods is a nice mid-size health-food store, with a lunch counter in the back.  They carry a lot of products including various teas, vitamins and supplements, frozen and packaged foods. They are very nice and helpful, and it's a good place to ask questions. So the next time you think you want to get "healthy" by going to GNC at the mall and stocking up on Power Bars, head over to Bob's instead.  You'll do your community a service by supporting a local business, and you will probably learn something, too.
Bob's is my favorite place for lunch. It is very healthy, very quick place to have lunch on the go. Everyone their is very friendly. If your into to your health Bob, and Alison know lots about supplements for what ever ails you. You will alway find the local yoga teacher and personal trainers at the juice bar. I would highly recommend Bob's to anyone in town. Hope to see you there.
After a day trip to Long Beach, decided to search the area for a refreshing lunch.  The restaurant is actually in the back of the store, where the front is similar to a Vitamin-Shoppe selling nutraceuticals.  I ordered the strawberry zinger which has Apple Juice, Bananas, Strawberries, and Fresh Ginger, and a hummus wrap.  Both tasted extremely fresh and were the perfect end to a day at the beach.  The staff is very friendly, attentive, and fun to chat with.  Definitely check it out.
I recently moved  to Long Beach.The first "eatery" I fell in love with here is Bob's Natural Foods. It's a small local health food store with a lunch counter and juice bar in the back. Every day they have a different selection of soups & stews that were deliciously cooked (overnight in a crock pot) with organic herbs and veggies. My favorite is the Hawaiian rice and beans stew: brown rice, onions, red beans, pineapple and gently warm spices put a big smile on my face. For the days I don't feel like a warm lunch, I order one of their wraps (grilled tofu and avocado rocks) it's stuffed with tamari grilled tofu, soft avocado and the freshest organic veggies - splattered with the unbeatable annie's goddess dressing. They keep an industrial sized bottle behind the counter! Their smoothies make me swoon. The atmosphere is super friendly, and they play a satellite radio station with folk and world music. And if you're having any ailments, ask Bob for advice on what to take - he's the local herbologist. Don't miss this place.
Let me start with I LOVE THIS PLACE! From the atmosphere to the foods to the music to the little paintings, poems and inspiring thoughts taped on the juice bar. I love the people there, the ones working and the ones that are clients. It is their good choice of healthy eats that brought me here but everything else also falls in place. Today I had a veggie wrap with avocado. It was a nice portion and I also had some carrot juice. Both were delicious. For home I got myself a cup of pudding and I loved it! It reminds me of home (California that is). When I moved here from LA a year ago I was sad to only see bagels and delis and pizzas. In many parts of LA every corner has organic/natural/vegan cafe with wheat grass and other kelp and kale juices and that was the hardest for me to give up moving here. Long Beach itself is like a little Venice beach and this cafe only makes it even more appealing. I will come back again and again here. The lady at the register said they've been in business for 30 years. I see how much thought and care is invested into the idea of the cafe and the inspirational views that the place supports. As a small business owner myself I know how important is to show appreciation of a service that you like and that's why I'm here writing this review to tell the owners how wonderful is what they do. Keeping people healthy. The blond pretty lady at the register...gorgeous hair by the way!
Great service combined with excellent food and drink. The juice we had was amazing and the selection of gluten free items on the menu was refreshing!
Absolutely the best place if you want to feel and look better. Try the hot cereal. It's not just oatmeal.
Those who've tried Bob's hot cereal (oatmeal with yogurt surrounded by fresh berries and bananas), jonny appleseed, or shakes will attest to the simplistic genius of the best kept, healthiest secret in long beach.  Besides the food, Bob has a great selection of nutritional supplements at reasonable prices.  Oh, and he also sells freshly creamed peanut butter l, which i can no resist.
Great juices and great wraps! Just wish this place was bigger and more welcoming. I would be here all the time.
Only place I could find a good açai! Loved!
I was visiting Long Beach recently and stumbled across this place looking for a smoothie bar somewhere.  Google was trying take me to other sort of chain-store smoothie place that ended up being closed....so I kept walking (thanks Google...NOT!). Anyway, I stumbled across Bob's Natural Foods place and I was OVERJOYED when I found the smoothie bar way in the back.  They had a creamsicle-like smoothie that was so good, I would sell small children into slavery to get more...er...well, if it were legal and if I were evil (which I'm not). They have these GREAT all-natural packaged chocolate chip cookies (I forget the brand) that really tasted as good as just about any cookie I've had and sustained me during the drive back to Washington, D.C. Pretty friendly, staff too.... Be aware...the smoothie bar hours are not necessarily EXACTLY the same as the store hours, at least on Sundays.  The freezer and counter areas in the right rear of the store could use a bit of renovation, but overall Bob's has the right feel for an organic, earthy, crunchy-chewy, Boulder-esque sort of place. Next time I'm in Long Beach, I intend to smoothify there.
Kinda of pricey, but they make good smoothies and great avocado wraps. The chili is awesome too, but they only have it on certain days. Super healthy food, i'm a fan for sure of what they did with the store. They have hard to find chips as well. If you're a vegan, you'll fall in love.
Went to Bob's today for the first time. The place had a cool vibe like a Health Food Store you might have found in Manhattan or San Francisco at the beginning of the movement. Picked up what I needed, at a great price. I see they carry the NOW Foods brand of vitamins/supplements which, from my research, is one of the more reputable brands in an industry many view with a critical eye. Toss a penny in the fountain on the way out for good luck! I'll return for vitamins and stuff for sure. Summer's coming, gotta get fit!
