Everything is classic and a must for all jewish deli lover's. before you even get a chance to place your order, you are filling up on delicious cole slaw and pickles (assorted) often with rye bread on table too. Check please......LOL. Most people cannot finish there own order and whatever you get makes for a great second meal. The soups are out of this world, the sandwiches are crazy big, and full plated entrees including steak are flabulous. The take out is amazingly classic with the yelling orders over other people, you gotta love it. delivery is the savor of them all. Everyhting in the order is perfect. I know because my wife has ordered from them for the holidays and shhhhhh, don't tell her I said so. A LONG BEACH MUST AND MOST OF THE PEOPLE IN THE DINING ROOM COME FROM EVERYWHERE.........WONDERING WHY.......UNIQUE PLACE FOR JEWISH DELI FOOD.
Lido Kosher Deli rocks.  I can truly appreciate the generous portions of well prepared food.  They start everyone off with freshly made cole slaw and 6 pickles- 3 sour and 3 half sour.  Just like out of the barrel pickles of yesteryear. The location is 6 blocks from the Long Beach boardwalk and beach and there is plenty of parking.  The waiters have been there for years and know their customers. The bread is delivered daily from a great bakery.  Overall, this is a really fine place to have a fantastic deli sandwich or sample some old fashioned Jewish cooking.
A great deli, not too many deli's around anymore. Fun atmosphere, you walk in and look around, because since there are so few deli's escpecially in this area, you never know who you might run into that you know. I love when they start with the coleslaw and pickles before your meal. I usually order the Turkey Burger on Roll with grilled onions, (my only complaint, is that I don't care for the white iceberg lettuce and the tomatoes,eh, wish it was a different lettuce and a riper tomato) I just push it on to another place, don't want it anyway). I have to admit 1 time out of 20 maybe not as good, but this is cooked right there, you can't always have 100 percent. The staff is on the ball, they don't rush you when you are eating by taking plates away (unless you ask them to) when you are just digesting, taking it slow.   It would be nice if they had a garden salad (not too much lettuce) or some sort of healthy salad. No room for a salad bar there. I grew up in Brooklyn and we had Grabsteins, which is no longer there. It was a place of pleasent memories and food. Lido for this local, is a place of memories and it own food,  in their own right. Perhaps if you go at dinner hour, take out and eat a burger on the boardwalk, sit on a bench with a friend.
i was fortunate to grow up in the 40s and 50s, in Pelham Parkway, BRONX, NY.   At that time, the neighborhood was almost exclusively Jewish which, among other things, was demonstrated by having four excellent Jewish delis within a two block area. Former residents still argue as to which of these delis were better. Over the years, this proliferation of delis has disappeared leaving just a few in the NY Metro area. Over the years, I've tried to find one of these surviving delis  that would be comparable to those of my past. I've found one.  Lido Kosher Deli (Wally's) in Long Beach, Long Island equals or even surpasses the best of my remembrances.  I had lunch there recently and ordered my standard pastrami on rye with a side of fries. The moist spicy meat was piled at least 3 inches high making the sandwich almost impossible to eat as such. The bread was fresh and excellent  and just doesn't exist anymore in any retail bakery. The huge order of fries was exceptional - crispy on the outside but moist within. The decor was identical to my old Pelham Parkway delis. The only thing missing was the old wise-cracking Jewish waiter, though the service here was excellent. For a great kosher deli, you can go home again.
After realizing that it would be hard to get food for Rosh Hashanah from the Mill Basin Deli in Brooklyn (yelp.com/biz/mill-basin-…), which is an excellent deli but a 40-50 minute drive each way from my home on Long Island and feeling that Ben's Deli is only so-so, my parents and I decided to get food from here. We chose to go here due to excellent recommendations from friends who live in Long Beach as well as a 4.5/5 overall rating on Yelp. After perusing the menu online, I decided to order 2 whole Rotisserie Chickens, a side of Israeli Salad, a quart of Chicken Soup with no Matzoh Balls, and Carrot Tsimmes. I called six days before I wanted to pick up the food so I would have it the day before Rosh Hashanah at about 4:30PM-5:00PM. Immediately, I got an excellent impression from Wally (he answered my call), who I believe is one of the owners and was very friendly, patient, enthusiastic, and helpful in placing my order. After Tuesday rolled around, I made the drive to Long Beach and I was excited to pick up the food. Walking into the deli, the excellent impression continued as while the deli was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it was immaculate and well-maintained. In addition, it also had an old timey Jewish deli feel that you would not find in Ben's, which I find to be a bit more homogenized. While it was very crowded with many other customers picking up Holiday orders, I only waited five minutes for my food, which was packed in a large box and came out to $56 in change, which I thought was very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food ordered and a little cheaper than Mill Basin Deli in Brooklyn. Without asking, the friendly and helpful young man working the counter, whose name I do not recall, offered to take the box across the street to my car, which was very nice on his part. I thanked him and I was on my way. After Rosh Hashanah rolled around, I had the pleasure of tasting this excellent food, which impressed both me and my dad (my mom does not really eat this food, so she did not try it). We both enjoyed the Rotisserie Chickens, which were on the larger side, cooked to a perfect doneness, well spiced, moist, and juicy. The Israeli Salad, with very finely chopped tomatoes, onions, and peppers along with an oil and vinegar dressing on the side was sweet, tangy, and refreshing. We also liked the Chicken Soup, which was sweet, salty, and had pieces of vegetables in it. It was so good that it was almost on par with the Chicken Soup my bubbe (Jewish Grandma) used to make when she hosted Rosh Hashanah. Last but not least, we enjoyed the Carrot Tsimmes, with pieces of whole carrots and we found it sweet from the carrots and it also had a note of cinnamon. Overall, I would definitely return to the Lido Kosher Deli as the food was delicious, the service was excellent, and the prices were reasonable. It is nice to know that I no longer have to schlep to Brooklyn when I want excellent kosher deli food!
First off let me say I am not a New Yorker, nor kosher. The boyfriend is from Long Beach and every time we go back I make sure to get a corned beef and pastrami sandwich. Last summer I had it for lunch every single day, this year I only got to have it once :-(. I have taken the craving back to Denver with me but there are no kosher delis (or any delis for that matter) that even come close to this food! Thinking about booking a flight back to long beach in November because nothing says thanksgiving like this sandwich ;-) thanks for always having quality ingredients!!!!
This review is for their food truck at the beach on Riverside blvd. in long beach. the food is ok, definitely not worth the wait. They tell you they hand out their orders in the order they come in. That would make sense if the 4 people behind me didnt get their food before me but they did, i ordered a grilled chicken wrap and waited approximately 35-40 minutes for it. They had a lot of angry customers waiting, i wish we went to a diff food truck because they really did waste my time. The people working the truck are obviously under staffed. If you need to wait 30 min for fries, that's a problem.  I will never order from them again its a shame since they are also right by my apt. so not worth it.
Love this place. Just as good, if not better than any of the more-famous jewish delis in new york. This is the real deal. The pastrami sandwiches are massive and awesome. free giant bowl of pickles and cole slaw great bread and sandwiches matzoh ball soup was fantastic and left me feeling as if I was enveloped in a warm glow for the rest of the day forget the beach, this place is worth the trip to long beach all by itself!
If the New York delis are the bar this place is quite short of it.   According to the previous reviews this place should have rival any of the city delis, but sad to say not even close.   Ordered the pastrami sandwich with high expectations and they were quickly dashed.  I should say the service was good and quick , the waiter was friendly and the place is clean and a good atmosphere.   However the food that I so expected was disappointing.  The meat was dry and quite fatty.  Very little flavor and I do believe someone forgot most of the spices that should have been added to it.   Not bad for a local place but definitely nothing to write home about or to brag about.
I absolutely loved the Mushroom Barley soup. Creamy, tasty, and  hit the spot!  I shared the Joseph's Special (#6) on the menu which is  rich ,fresh rye bread with turkey, pastrami, coleslaw and Russian dressing.  Melts in your mouth! The pastrami and turkey are so fresh and delicious I could eat here every week! The only reason I cannot give 5 stars is our waiter was talking on his cell phone while checking up on us and was a little pre-occupied with his phone call. Still, great lunch place for non kosher and kosher patrons alike :)
Okay so what is your definition of nirvana? My wife and I would travel weekly from Melville  to partake of the incredibly delicious offerings at The Lido Kosher Deli. After fourteen years, we sold the condo and we ended up in (you guessed it)  Long Beach! Wally (the owner) is always welcoming and oft times serves as owner/server/busboy. Everything they serve is top notch in quality and flavor. The pastrami is to die for. "A little vet (a little fatty) mit russian dressing on rye"  Heaven!  Excellent hand cut fries, wonderful soups..I could go on and on..Try them once and you'll become a regular. Promise! But..we still drive here..OY!
Googled for Kosher eating places enroute to the Lido Beach boardwalk. Based on positive yelp reviews decided to try the pastrami. Was not disappointed, as the meat was tasty, fresh and not very salty. Service was quick considering that the place was crowded. Will go again next time in the vicinity.
Aside from Katz's deli, the best pastrami these here United States have to offer. Made in the Empire Pastrami factory by Charlie's brother (the owner of Lido), the meat offers a unique glimpse into true kosher meat. Piled high on fresh rye, all the sandwiches are overstuffed. In this case, the pastrami ($12.95) has a thick pepper rub crust. The deep pink meat has loads of smoke flavor that has been sealed in by the lengthy brining process. This meat has no comparison in most delis. Ordering overstuffed is bit necessary at this informal delicatessen. Quick, down to business servers set upon your table bearing fresh and dill pickles and a bowl of house made coleslaw. A side of barley ($3.75) served warm with requisite mushrooms and onions fills an unnecessary but lovely space beside the sandwich. The kasha varniska ($3.95), also served warm is crispy and slightly salty, perfect pair with the luscious meat. Water, beer, soda. Go after the beech. You'll love it.
The real deal. I recommending fasting before you go. On arrival you will pass by the take out area where you will see a dozen or more types of knishes and everything else. The food was perfect. The potato pancakes were unbelievable. Even the pickles are fantastic. Excellent service. Enjoy.
This place provides fresh traditional kosher Jewish food & impeccable service. You can feel the love & attitude of the family run business as you walk in. They have a full-service dining room, a take-out counter, free-delivery & catering. Piled-high corn beef or pastrami sandwich are always a safe bet.
These days there are less and less delis who can make a good pastrami. This is one of them. One of the top 5 delis in ny. Pastrami corned beef turkey noodle pudding etc. can't go wrong. Always friendly service.
Great deli. The service was surprisingly quick given the place was packed. The sandwiches feature generous amounts of meat and all meals are served with pickles and slaw. The pastrami is a definite favorite as well as their homemade potato salad.
Filling and delicious. Everything is always very good to excellent. Service is great. Leaving off a star because while the matzoh ball soup is always good, sometimes it could be better. Sandwiches are huge, of course, bread is fresh and lot's of pickles and great cole slaw.
Delicious food and friendly staff! I would probably order anything off the menu and be satisfied!
South Shore Nassau County destination kosher deli for those who know what "good" corned beef, pastrami, brisket or tongue is vs the average sandwich.  Family owned and operated for years  eat in or take out you win either way.   Chicken soup w matzoh balls or kreplach great way to start if eating in. Then pick at the home made pickles and coleslaw as your over stuffed sandwich is prepared fresh.  Best corned beef, pastrami, tongue & brisket on Long Island (consistently )    Chopped liver over the top. There stuffed cabbage is addicting.  All of there sides are fresh and plentiful.  Guaranteed worth a visit
Hands-down - the best kosher deli I've had (and I've had plenty with my LI upbringing).  Pastrami and corned beef are delicious.  Love the potato salad, and the cole slaw isn't too mayo-y.  Just right.   I don't really need to go into it...just go there.  It beats Ben's by far...I've eaten my share of Jewish soul food.  Trust me.  Go.
This is my first review so I'm not going to rate it a 5 star, but believe me unless you're heading to Katz on the lower east side this could be the next best thing. With all the places to eat in the Long Beach area this is definitely an under the radar joint. Great over stuffed sandwiches that truly satisfy the craving for real authentic kosher deli staples. My go to has been the "Twin Delight" which is really 2 sandwiches in 1. You get a half of a Pastrami sub and half a corned beef sub. Simply the best of both worlds. smother it with some Russian dressing, a side of cole slaw, and can't forget the gigantic potato latka w/ some apple sauce. I'll admit its priced a bit on the high end, but you're not getting cheated on any portions. The menu is extensive, delivery is prompt, and always hot and delicious. Take my word and hit it up!
Great place for a nosh & busting your diet! As we arrive, the table is set with a plate of pickles & cole slaw. For a mini meal, we had the 1/2 sandwich & soup combination. Plus a couple of potato knish. The split pea soup was divine, but too little. My sandwich was warmed pastrami on rye. Just the right flavor of salt & pepper, with mustard & Russian dressing added. Delish! My meal was rounded out with my usual Doc Brown's Cel-Ray soda. I miss real deli! The places in Denver come close, but cannot match the real thing.
Great knishes & sandwiches, especially the triple deckers and combinations. Personal favorite is the Pastrami Plus (hot pastrami, chopped liver, rye bread). They are pretty much on point with all things associated with a Jewish deli.  Complimentary pickles and slaw for sit down.  I freaking love Jewish deli pickles, I could eat them all day.  My only complaint is that it's a little expensive for what it is.  The sandwich I named above is like $14, and although its stacked high, I'm not sure it warrants that price tag. But hey, it's the only Jewish Deli in Long Beach, so I guess I'll keep coming back.
Best hot pastrami sandwich I've ever had....(this includes Katz and Carnegie deli's)
DA BEST ! Better than Second Ave Deli, Almost Better than Katzes (they hand cut their meat). I can't say enough. I love it. Better than Bens, Sarges... Dr. K
I'm an organic-only meat eater, otherwise vegetarian. I wavered from this since I heard/read somewhere that Kosher was just as good. Ehh. Wrong. The meat tastes as if it is pumped full of animal hormone and very hallow. As someone who chews and really tastes my food, this was not a desirable taste. The fries and onion rings are amateur at best. Soggy and nothing unique about them. Furthermore, the last 2 or 3 times my family has ordered from here, they've forgotten 1 or 2 items in the delivery. That's just sloppy service.
The Lido Kosher Deli has been serving the Long Beach community for years. They are an over the top Jewish deli. Everything is fresh and delicious here. I always go for the pastrami on rye with coleslaw and Russian  but everything ,everything rocks at The Lido Deli. So come on down and get a knish and a hot dog. OY VEY!  Enjoy
Great place for a sandwich or some fresh Kosher meat. I happened to come here because the place down the street was extremely busy. So guess what this place was even busier!!! I just couldn't with that day but I was glad that I wound up getting food from here. The food is fresh and the portions are definitely huge. I had the chicken cutlet sandwich with mayo and extra black pepper. Sandwich was on a hero with 6 chicken patties. It tastes as if the patties were made there. My girlfriend had the chicken salad sandwich on wheat bread which was fresh and flavorful. The entry way is small and at times there can be lots of people waiting but its well worth it. If you do not want to take food to go there is a waiter service as soon as you walk in to the right and outdoor self seating with out waiter service. I will be back.
Still the best Pastrami and Cornbeef sandwiches that I have EVER had!!  Full of flavor, but still moist and tender.  No place in California comes close and thus far, no place else in New York comes close either...But I have to admit, I have only tried a couple other delis in NY, so my review my change in the future.  This place is pretty busy as it seems EVERYONE in New York's Long Beach know where to buy good deli meats.   Yummy potato latkas that don't even need applesauce/ketchup.
Pricey but the food is great. The chicken club is my personal favorite, it's loaded with excellent cutlets and fresh fixings. The chicken noodle soup could use some actual chicken in it but it's good nonetheless. Friendly staff.
If your looking for real NY deli this is the place to go. They are a family owed and take great care with the food the prepare. The over stuffed sandwiches, and the round knish are the best. While lunch or dinner at this place wont be as cheap as going to subway, but the quality is well worth the price. The staff is great, and the delivery fast.
Best pastrami I have had in years.  This place always has a very good and contestant food.  The decor can use a bit of freshening up though.  Staff always friendly.
Wonderful sandwiches, the only place I enjoyed in this area.
Not impressed. Not impressed at all. Pastrami was as dry as shoe leather. Hamburger and fries were ok. Matzo Balls HORRIBLE. Cole slaw and pickles delicious. Dr. Brown's Cream soda was the best part of the meal.
I went with my wife yesterday to Lido deli for dinner. We used a restaurant.com certificate.We ordered a tongue sandwich with kasha varnishkas and a triple decker pastrami turkey and corned beef sandwich with French fries. Both were excellent in quality. The only minor complaint was the kasha was a bit dry. Our server Hymie was excellent and responsive.The price to value ratio is about average or slightly above average for this type of restaurant. All in all this was an very good to excellent experience and I kook forward to returning in the near future.
I went in and ordered two turkey and "salami" sandwiches on a roll with coleslaw on them. I asked for mustard on the side. I'm kicking myself for even paying for them but the young guy behind the counter charged me $4 extra on each sandwich for extra meat (I guess because I got two types) and charged me for a half pound of slaw. The total for TWO sandwiches was $34. Are you kidding? I worked at a deli for years during college, charging extra for another type of meat and charging extra for slaw...completely ridiculous. I haven't tried anything else there and the sandwiches were decent, but over 15 bucks for a sandwich on roll???
That corned beef is sinfully good!!! They make a pretty good pork-less spilt pea too, I mean I love pork but it's kosher here so no swine.
Mmmmmm pastrami!  No use writing anything else because that's really what you wanted to know.
Best lunch special around..... Cup a soup and a sandwich on a kaiser roll to die for.
Lido Kosher Deli is traditional and absolutely FANTASTIC.  Smoked meat piled high with all the trimmings.  Dr. Browns  Cel Ray, Cream or Root Beer to top it all off.  The owner Wally is always around to make sure you get the same great service all the time.  Lido Kosher is always busy but if there is a wait, it won't be long but it's worth it,  Price is reasonable and the food is Fantastic!!!!
Best kosher deli on Long Island. Every time I am in LB Ihave to come and get a sandwich or a hot dog. Best knishes ever
We have not had Lido Kosher for a while, and my kids were craving the matzoh ball soup, so we ordered a delivery one night.  First, everything came piping hot for the hot items-the soup and the latkes.  The tongue sandwich was delicious, my daughter probably would throw up at the mention of this meat elsewhere, but she happily takes part of my sandwich from Lido and devours it.  The mini latkes were so good!  The delivery was prompt, nothing spilled as they take care great in packing items, so we will be ordering again.
Great neighborhood deli. Wonderful fresh pickles and coleslaw.   Fantastic combination of pastrami and chopped liver on rye.   Who know this would work so well.     Very reasonable prices and friendly service.
We eat at Lido kosher Deli almost every weekend in the summer right after the beach. It great. Where else would you get half sour pickles to get you started? :) The place has undeniable New York / Brooklyn / Long Island Jewish flavor- just great...
Best deli around  My favorite is the stuff cabbage. Gotta try the soups. Don't forget the knish.
Far and away the best Kosher deli I've tried on Long Island...and I've done my tour of the majors. Great sandwiches, killer corned beef, and the homemade knishes are phenomenal (the corned beef knish is a heart attack waiting to happen, but you'd be a fool not to try one). (By the way, I absolutely agree with Chistopher C. below about Ben's. Even if you take Lido out of the mix, there are still loads of local deli options that are far superior. They're living on a name established a long time ago, and getting away with murder for years).
I love their food! I have ordered for delivery many times. They are fast, neat. The food arrives perfectly packaged and still warm. But nothing compares to the taste! The pastrami is right on. I have also ordered from them for parties and they do not disappoint.
Well This is the place for delicious over stuffed sandwiches, the pastrami isn't too fatty. The cole slaw is fresh and the round knishes are awesome! I'm not a big hot dog person but there all beef hebrew nationals..  This place is old and the inside isn't  anything to brag about but the food is delish!
These are the best knishes I have had since the ones they used to sell on the boardwalk in Long Beach at the pizza store. We just stopped at Yonah Schimmel's in NYC and the Lido ones are better. Best rughalah and baked apples. This is my favorite kosher deli.
This place if fantastic!  Just go back from weekend Long Island.  As soon we touched down in JFK we were on the hunt for a good kosher deli.  Lido Kosher Deli was the perfect choice.  Overstuffed corned beef and pastrami on rye sandwiches were outstanding (I like mine with spicy mustard and cole slaw).  The french fries were perfect (not greasy at all and well done - steak fries but crispy and taste like potato chips).  Pickles and cole slaw were superb.  Top it off with Dr. Brown's soda and we were good to go.  Service was great.  Will go back for sure next time I am in the area.  Highly recommended.
Will definitely visit again next time we go to Lido Beach.  I had the corned beef sandwich (a little dry) but still very tasty.  My husband had the Lido Special sandwich.  Very tasty.  So many things to choose from and a great beachy feel to the place.
delivery is always done in short time and i enjoy their knish and latkes.
There is no place better. Best food in the world. The owner is the nicest. Just wish I lived closer.
Great food nice place best deli around
I found this jewel of a deli on my way to a concert at Jones Beach!  I have been going to this place for years now....I love this Deli, the sandwiches are large and of great quality. The cole slaw is more like a health salad, and the pickles are amazing. Wally, the owner runs this place like the famous old school Manhattan Kosher Delis used to be run. Quality meats, fresh rye bread, crisp, crunchy pickles, very tasty salads, supreme chopped liver, cold sodas and Iced Tea.....combine all this with a very well trained staff, and you have a superb experience. The soups and potato pancakes are also amazing and filling. I actually travel a good distance just to enjoy this great sandwich emporium. If you love Corned Beef with Tongue on rye; Pastrami on club rolls, fresh Turkey and Beef Brisket on Rye, or delicious Kosher Hot Dogs with Potato Salad, then head on over to Lido Kosher Deli....you won't be disappointed. Tell Wally BIG RED sent ya!!!
Best Kosher deli on LI!
Real deal kosher deli at it's finest!  Pastrami on garlic bread & Knish please!!
This place is so good that when relatives come from Israel they insist on eating at Lido Kosher Deli.
