The food was great- my table got the avocado fries, tuna tartare, surf n turf mac and cheese, and pulled pork tostada. The avocado fries are awesome but I'm not sure I could have more than a few. Tuna tartare was great also- it was made a bit differently than I have usually had but it tasted great. The surf and turf mac and cheese was my favorite, and it's definitely a full dish. One thing- I came out to try the tapas tuesday specials listed on their website and was told there were no specials. Does that not go on anymore?
Great specials the food is amazing, a home run every time! Drink one hundred Guinness and game your name on the wall. DONT CHEAT YA BUNCH A BLOW INS!
Went here on an early Saturday afternoon. We were hoping to have the outdoor seating but was told that there was a private party taking place later on that afternoon and the outdoor area was already set up for that. We were a bit disappointed being that it was such a beautiful early summer afternoon, but no biggie. The ambience was cool and the staff was very helpful. I had the tomato mozzarella caprese which was delicious. The vinaigrette dressing definitely made it extra delicious. The best part of the food had to be the sweet potato string fries. Overall a cool place to grab some food before or after the beach. Prices were way reasonable as well. Our bill came out to be just a little over $70 for the four of us. Be sure to take advantage of their Yelp check-in when you go; we did :)!
Place was average. Bar itself was very busy on a Friday night (to be expected), but the outdoor space was nice and open and good for eating a meal at. The avocado fries were extremely bland - they could use some kind of spice or extras. The fish tacos and nachos though were very good and had lots of flavor. Beers on tap are pretty good - I personally enjoyed Shipyard variety they had. My friend thought her margarita was ok - she originally wanted a mojito, but they ran out of mint...not really a good excuse for the summer months when the place is expected to be busy...service was ok - we did have to remind our server about a drink that they forgot to put in for. Overall a fun spot to stop at for a little while, but nothing amazing.
Perfect place to watch the World Cup after the day at the beach! We didn't get seats but hanging out by the bar was great! Their angry orchards was nice and chilled! The Guinness was actually a tad warm... The bartender was super nice! And when you check in you can get a free drink!! There's outdoor seating if you'd like but there's no tv outside. A great place to hang out!
If you live in Long Beach, you should be a regular. If you visit Long Beach, you should come here. There is nothing like a weekend afternoon spent brunching on their breakfast burrito and unlimited mimosas. As the weather gets better, I can't wait for the next time I can do this next to their open windows. But until then, there is nothing that warms and fills you like Speakeasy comfort food staples, easily the best in Long Beach. Come for the avocado fries and tomato soup with grilled cheese, and stay for the funnel cake fries. A friendly place full of friendly faces, I would make the trek back to my old hometown for this place even if my parents didn't still live here. I'm waiting for an excuse to celebrate something in their party room, and crossing fingers that the city will finally let them combine the two spaces to make this the awesomest location ever.
Moving back to Long Beach in September, one of the things I was most excited about was getting back to Speakeasy for dinner.  While the food did not disappoint (it never does), the atmosphere wasn't the best.  The problem is this is the best food in Long Beach and everyone knows it.  I am hoping that once the expansion is done and there are more tables with room for more patrons, I will be able to bump this rating up to a 5.   It should go without saying, but the Avocado Fries are one of the greatest apps ever created, and I also love the beer selection here.  Can't wait to walk down this summer and see how the renovation went.
This was a wonderful and surprising find a few blocks away form our rental house in LB.  We loved it, and our waitress so much that we returned for a second dinner after our first great meal.  Highly recommend the lobster pot pie (if available), shrimp sliders, mac and cheese, lobster roll, arugula and goat cheese salad and Cuban sandwich (a sampling from our table, not all for me, mind you).  Good stuff- five stars for having great beer and amazing food.
No offense, but Long Beach isn't very well known for its cuisine.  I typically have very low expectations when grabbing some grub on the West End so was very pleasantly surprised by our meal at Speakeasy on Friday night.  My two friends and I arrived around 9pm and it was pretty full, so we waited for an inside table (because you cannot drink alcohol outside past 10pm and we knew we would be eating during that time).  So we just had a seat at the bar and waited for a table to open up - took about 20 minutes.. no biggie. Food was great - especially compared to the nearby competition.  We decided to order a bunch of appetizers and just split them all (so like wannabe tapas style).  Crab meat guacamole?  Wow, so good.  Mac and cheese was  good, but a little runny.. still didn't stop us from devouring it.  Steak Cesar salad - amazing.  Miso glazed sea bass skewers were ridiculous.  Baked clams, standard and tasty. Service was good - our waitress was a little bit sassy, but she eventually warmed up to us, or maybe is just a great faker! After our meal we sat at the bar for a few hours and listened to the live band.  They were pretty good.  Anyway, I would totally eat here again out of any place on the West End.
This is certainly one of those hole in the wall places that consistently has great service and delicious food!  Everything I've had was delicious.  The sliders, burgers, fried goat cheese salad (OMG), cuban sandwich, chicken sandwich, quesadillas, avocado fries.. all delicious.  I've heard the mac & cheese is good and I'll have to try that next time.  The bar area is usually filled with usuals and can get pretty loud, which is annoying if you're seated at a table right next to them trying to eat.
Good selection. The food was very geshmak. We had the combo pas with bosor v'cholov (short rib grilled cheese). Delicious. Try with the sweet potato fries. Also try the Avocado fries mamish mei'ein haba (heavenly). The service was a bissel shvach. The music was excellent good mix of RCHP & Nirvana. All in all a bizayon of such a useful service. Highly recommended.
I keep hearing good things about the food, but never got to try it. However, over Memorial Day weekend I went out there for a couple of drinks at night and the place was packed. Music was great but there was only 2 bartenders. My friend was able to wait in line for the bathroom n squeeze through the bar back to us before the bartender could even take our order. We had one drink me went into the dining area, which was DIRTY garbage n drinks on every table it was terrible. The staff clearly was overwhelmed but it was a bad experience for me overall. Disappointing
I really wanted to like this place. They have a great beer selection, nice decor, dark interior. But the food just didn't do it for me. The avocado fries with sweet chili sauce were excellent, lightly breaded with a creamy interior. But from there it just went down hill. I ordered the portobello mushroom stuffed with crab salad. There was some kind of sauce or dressing on it that just didn't compliment the dish. Also the salad portion was very bland and the crab flavor was very weak. And for $12 it was on the pricey side for what it was. I had some of the burger my friend ordered. Really bland, like they didn't season the meat at all. Which sucked, because it was good quality meat and cooked nicely. Also the sweet potato fries that come on the side are definitely strings and not fries. They're kind of hard to eat and even a little sharp at times.
I tried to send the following message to the owners through their website, but it wouldn't "send," so I am posting it here: Hello, I am writing to inform you of some issues we had at Speakeasy last night. First I want to tell you that we really love the food at your restaurant. We were there with two other friends on the Saturday night of Thanksgiving weekend and had a great experience sitting at one of the tables in the dining room. The food was great and so was the service. We love the pretzel bites, the mac and cheese, the potato skins, fish tacos, etc. My husband and I decided to come in last night to watch the end of the first NFL playoff game and stay for the second. We sat at the bar and the bartender James was nearing the end of his shift. The service was very slow, we had to wave him down every time we needed something, he was not very friendly (and he didn't give us side plates for our shared apps) and then when it was time for him to "close out" he dropped the check and told us he needed to close us out because a new bartender was coming on. It seemed as if he couldn't wait to get out of there and that was reflected in the service. So we paid, even though we were nowhere near done eating and drinking, but then we needed more drinks and wanted to order more food. Another 15-20 minutes went by with James cleaning up and closing out all of his tabs with us just sitting there staring at him with no drinks or food. We told him we wanted to order more items and he said "the bartender will be here in just a minute." Meanwhile, he made sure to serve a very full glass of wine to one of his friends at the bar while leaving us hanging. When the new bartender (a tall, large man with facial hair) finally appeared (after standing off to the side not doing anything while James was cleaning up), he seemed completely overwhelmed and did not so much as look in our direction for a good 10 minutes. He was very slow and had no idea where the beers were located - we watched him staring at the beer taps for a long time, searching for the beers every time someone ordered something. The new bartender also spent an inordinate amount of time counting money and putting it into the cash register. After another 10 minutes of this charade, we decided to leave and go to another bar to watch the rest of the game because we were tired of waiting and being ignored by the bar staff. We were very disappointed at the poor service because we were looking forward to ordering more food and finishing watching the game there. We kept looking around and there did not seem to be a manager on site to take care of these issues. I know you are expanding into the space next door and these types of issues could prevent you from expanding your customer base. It would have been much more efficient and helpful if the new bartender was there to serve more drinks and food while James was finishing up. I know it's a small bar and they are trying to stay out of each other's way but you can't let customers go for 20 minutes without drinks or food. Possibly an additional bartender would be helpful, especially when big sporting events are on TV. The cash register switch out could be more efficient by using pre-filled cash trays. Also, the hostess was sitting at a table near the front hanging out with her friends - very unprofessional. Again, where was the management? My husband and I both worked in restaurants and bars for 10 years so we notice things like this. We hope this message will be helpful to you. Thanks.
We came inside to Speakeasy after a party on the beach for the post-Hurricane Sandy boardwalk demolition.  Apparently, Speakeasy was remodeled after the hurricane, but since this was my first visit, I'm not sure what it looked like prior... This bar is a nice change of pace from the often packed, often insane Minnesota's and Beach House.  Its relatively narrow interior (for Long Beach) and exposed brick reminded me of a nice low-key dive in NYC, but their beer selection (yelp.com/biz_photos/spea…) helps contrast them from the other west end bars.  They've got really friendly bartenders and a funky-looking jukebox to boot!
Food took awhile to come out...before the dinner rush. Beer took longer than expected with a half full bar. Not bad but nothing to write home about.
Nice small spot near the end of the West End. I came here on a Monday night when it was Fried Chicken Night, what you get is 2 pieces of fried chicken, homemade spicy corn bread, a side of........ and a very good salad topped with bacon, ranch dressing, cheese and croutons. What I like more about this place is there assortment of beer, its not your typical bud and miller they have beer from all over the world. Service is good but the food and drinks are better.
Tapas Tuesday! In prohibition times, a speakeasy kept its customers from loud, rowdy behavior in exchange for booze...Not the case these days Cabana next door had a 45 min wait so we opted for drinks and small plates @ Speakeasy in Long Beach.  I enjoyed most of what they had to offer - Tuna tartar, avocado fries, and a (1) huge buffalo shrimp.  For $3 a plate I actually thought there would be more on it... Drinks were so-so.  The mojito was not a mojito.  The Pelican (similar to a bay breeze) was good.  I got the sense people came here more for their assortment of beers and sing-along songs (men were literally belting out tunes left and right and it wasn't karaoke night or anything). When the small plates proved to be too small, we indulged in a ribeye steak - topped with calamari and on top of a bed of mashed potatoes.  A man's meal, that this girl trooped eagerly through! Not bad when you need a change of atmosphere!
okay so this place STILL rocks, thats not in question - however, we went here for TAPAS TUESDAY (who doesn't like tapas?  Oh thats right, communists) and I wasn't very impressed - Don't get me wrong - its still fantastic food, thats not the question, but it almost seemed like for some of the orders, you would have been better off actually ordering the appetizer.  They were only 3$ a pop, so it was hardly expensive, but the portion size was tiny.  I'm talking 3 avocado fries (we're fat so we had to order 3 of them), 2 small sticky ribs, 1 ravioli cut in half...c'mon.  The only portion that was worth it was the tuna tartar.  And honestly, if I wasn't with people I would have licked every single dish the food came in, it was that good...but do yourself a favor and just order the normal sized appetizers or meals, much more bang for your buck. Don't get mad at me Speakeasy, you're still my favorite Long Beach spot and you still have amazing food!  For serious yo!
Friendly cutie-pie bartenders Free Guinness with Yelp check-in! Nice vibe (Saturday night dj plays reggae and prior to his arrival, some classic rock played on the radio) Avocado fries are so scrumptious with the sweet dipping sauce. Crunchy on the outside, perfect on the inside.
I came here after work one night to eat before a night on the boardwalk with my boyfriend. I wanted to try it, based on the reviews here on Yelp. First, it is small. Theres maybe 10 tables, so expect a possible wait. We came here on a Tuesday, and it just so happened to be Tapas Tuesday. We ordered the chicken wings tapas, the avocado fries and the philly cheese rolls. It took almost an HOUR for those to come out. When we asked the waiter, we were given a slight attitude. Considering the size of the dishes, I was a bit surpirsed at the wait. The avocado fries were good, although the sweet chili sauce completely overpowered them. The philly rolls were delicious. I ordered the short rib grilled cheese with sweet potatoes strings. The sweet potato strings were almost the consistency of home fries from IHOP. They were good, but greasy. My grilled cheese was awesome. I really liked the food, but the wait was very long for bar food. I would come here again based on the food alone. Hopefully, this time the wait was just a fluke.
Best pub/bar/rest. In LB. QUALITY American fare (wings tidbits burger variety wraps shirt ribbed grilled chz) plus bigger items like steaks seafood. Good spot to take your girl or to roll in with a group. Lots of micro brews on tap (10) and rivals Shines for best Guiness in LB. Bartenders and servers genuine like to chat and are normal people who like to have good time. Fun in summer especially Saturday night DJ/Dancing and cozy in winter for football. Only negative is not the biggest joint out there but that adds to the character of the place that separates itself from the other bud light /burger factories on the strip.
Even as a long time Long Beach resident, I had never explored the West End (with the exception of Swingbellys), this turned out to be a good dining experience. Tapas Tuesday: "the tapas are just smaller versions of our other dishes," said the waitress as we were led to our table.   Our tapas came out elegantly presented, in mini martini type glasses; first round - tuna tartar, avocado fries and calamari.  The tuna tartar was a good fix for our constant sushi craving; my praises go out to the avocado fries - big avocado wedges with just the right proportion of crunchy and smooth; the calamari wasn't bad (definition: typical).  We had two tapas rounds, including the buffalo shrimp, which I felt should've either been a bigger serving or should've cost less, because the plate came with one lonely jumbo shrimp (we were forewarned). Round three: entrees were the shanghai ribeye and short rib quesadilla, both very enjoyable.  The goat cheese paired very well with the short rib, simultaneously sweet and tangy. Cocktails were fair, my mojito was not memorable, but the food made up for it. Waitress was attentive enough, bathroom could've been a little cleaner.  The space is dimly lit, surprisingly loud though for a Tuesday night even with the place filled less than half capacity. Bottom line: there were enough interesting items in the menu for an encore visit. Cabana's 45 minute wait became Speakeasy's (and our) gain.  The avocado fries made this night a fruitful West End venture.
Probably my favorite bar in Long Beach, mainly because it's not your typical Long Beach bar...it's all brick, it's dark, it's sophisticated, it's where the cool people go to drink...Awesome craft beer selection, probably the best in LB, and it's updated regularly...Awesome food, never had anything I didn't like, standouts are the avocado fries, wings, burgers/sliders, short rib grilled cheese, and the mac & cheese...It's a small spot, but they just occupied the space next door which includes what will soon be a private party area and an outdoor biergarten (stoked for that)...Shane the manager is the man...what else can I say, this place is the tits!!
Awesome pub food! The Avacado Fries with chili dipping sauce were really tasty.  And the Braised Short Rib Grilled Cheese was insainly good.  Thick cut bread loaded with oozing cheese and stuffed with succelent falling apart braised short ribs.  This was recommended to me by our server, who was a vegitarian, so I had my doubts, but she wasn't lying.  IT's GOOD!
Was here for a friends bday for drinks. There is something about this place. Its not big, not too loud, and not dirty. The beer selection is small yet varied. I got to taste the quesadillas, which were just mediocre, but before i left i got to taste the avocado fries, wow, out of this world. Might have been the alcohol, but i will be going back to this place, for another try at the food and beer
Great bar. Food is really good and fairly priced. Definitely try the avocado fries.
Avocado fries --  Still amazing.   Fish Tacos ---  A MUST HAVE on a beautiful beach day. Surf and Turf Mac n Cheese - DO IT.  DO IT.  Just... order it!  It's so delicious!!!!!  I want to try every Mac n Cheese they offer now!   I don't remember our server's name but he was so nice to us!  We went for lunch on a Saturday, it had a nice crowd and great vibe.  Brooklyn summer with all of the items mentioned above, and two awesome people = perfect summer day!
I'm blown away by this place! Other than the creepy dark bathrooms in the back, it was completely above my expectations in every way. The drinks are pretty awesome - my waiter made me homemade spiked lemonade because I was craving something light and sweet and they were out of cucumber vodka. Even though it was crazy busy on a Sunday night during labor day weekend, he was pretty on top of his game. The food was awesome - try the fish tacos! They have jalapenos in them, so watch out. But the fish was seriously perfectly cooked: crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. So good, I didn't think 3 was enough! The pineapple shrimp was great as well. I love the grilled pineapple and steamed broccoli rabe on the side. Only have 3 shrimp come in the order was a little disappointing, but everything was seasoned beautifully, especially the sauce. Lastly, the 'big plate' order of the chicken wings comes with 5 of each flavor! It's ridiculously large. My favorite was the sweet & sour, they were moist, flavorful and not overcooked or fatty. YUM. And last but not least- dessert.Your waistline will forgive you: get the funnel cake fries.The regular order comes in a huge margarita class with caramel sauce on the bottom. 3 drinks + 3 large plates + 1 dessert = ~$65.00 + tip and tax.
It's sort of hard not to enjoy the simplicity of Speakeasy, it's a bar first off that's dimly lit, loud, dark wood tones and heavy wooden doors. Although behind all these simplicities is some really knockout down to earth well done pub grub. It's by all means several notches above your simple bar food sort of place, their prices are reasonable and service is good. A solid place to check out if your coming off the beach and not sure where to head for an easy meal....
Atmosphere...terrible, dark, and LOUD. Food...makes up for it big time. My favorite side dish on Long Beach is their Sweet Potato Shavings...unbelievably good. Very greasy but spectacular. We all got sandwiches and everyone raved about them.  Too bad the atmosphere sucks so bad that we'll only go during the day or get takeout.
I love you avocado fries and Mac and cheese with chorizo! Lol. The service was nice we also tried the sea bass skewers.. Everything was yummy, the one star missing in my review was for the shrimp in the Mac and cheese.. I wasn't so crazy about them.. But I love the fact that you have a choice on the ingredients in this meal. Drinks were mixed well.
This has become one of my favorite places in LB, both for food and for drinks. Great beers on taps and awesome food.
I've been here over a dozen times and I have never been disappointed.  The food is great, especially the wing sampler and the fish tacos.  For dessert, the funnel cake fries are a must! Only drawback is that they got rid of their version of a lobster roll, which was the most delicious thing I've ever had.  Bring it back, damnit!
Impressed!  The beer selection was on point and so was the food. Tried the fried avocado, tuna tartare, guacamole with crab "salad" (it's on the menu under the salad subgroup but it's not a salad), Portobello mushroom crab thing all winners.  Seating was a little tight our party of 6 had to work it out at the bar.
I have lived in Long Beach a few years now, and for whatever reason, only tried Speakeasy now. based on just one visit, I would say they are the best place for Bar/Pub like food in Long Beach. They have a good beer list. The food was great. Although I didn't order it, I love that they have a Mac and cheese section on the menu.  I had the Cuban and it was excellent. Their french fries are good.  My husband had the short rib grilled cheese and said it was excellent. We look forward to going back here and trying some more things on the menu.
Was here on a weds night. Not too loud, not too crowded. Had a great Long Island beer and a burger and fries. Everything was good. The fries were excellent. Similar to 5 guys fries but not as greasy.
After hours at the beach, me and my friends were starving. While it looks good as soon as you get in- dark brown wood furniture, TVs, a cozy looking bar, tables, and a friendly staff- the food doesn't really measure up. I admit I was a tad impatient at how long the food was taking to cook, about 25 minutes maybe, and there seemed to be only one waiter handling the tables, the service was friendly, water glasses were refilled quickly. One annoying thing- they got my fries wrong and it's one of the reasons why I hate when waiters don't have a pad of paper in front of them! They forget things; it's only natural and human! As for the food itself, I wasn't a fan of the avocado fries. They were breaded and fried, but it was bland, no taste in the bread crumbs, and the creamy texture of the avocado didn't seem to go well with the whole fried aspect. Like, I expected crunchy when something is fried, even if I know that avocado isn't crunchy- just a mental thing. But that's a personal preference. It looked like it was cooked well, so no complaints really. I go chicken taco bites. I think it was overpriced for one thing, at $13. It comes out looking like two long pieces of garlic bread- except it has a layer of sour cream, chicken, cheese, and pico de gallo (in that exact order). It sounded good in the description, but because of the sour cream being on the bread itself, instead of on the side, the bread became soggy and the texture/consistency of each bite was a bit icky. And as I mentioned earlier, I originally ordered their french fries as opposed to sweet potato straws, but I got the latter, and wasn't happy. Since they were so thin, it was easy to burn them, and the subtle sweet flavor was quickly overpowered. I didn't tell them about the mistake, since it would take longer to give me a new batch of fries, and me and my friends had to head home at a certain time. The menu had a lot of choices, and I'm sure if I ordered something else, like wings and a burger or something, I would have enjoyed it a lot better. But it was kind of loud, even though it wasn't crowded. There were two large groups, and another smaller group at the end, and they were all very loud, probably one too many drinks. Since it was an early dinner, at 5ish PM, I wasn't really in the mood to deal with drunken yelling or comments. It's not a vibe I personally want after a long relaxing beach day and thus won't be coming back here.
The food here is always ridiculously good... Short Rib Mac and cheese is always a winner
If you live in the area and aren't coming here for Sunday brunch, you are missing out. The steak and eggs are awesome and there are some $3 drink specials as well.
I've been here twice. First time was New Year's 2008. My girl and I went for a 3-course dinner with champagne (one typical glass).  The dinner was nice. There was an eggplant rollitini, a nice salad, and I don't remember the entree but it was all nice, especially for a bar in the West End.  But then again, the place is small like a lot of places; really small. And in opposition to that night before 10 pm, a normal weekend night makes for a louder, rowdy  dinner setting.   Then my friends joined us and we had a nice spot to spend our New Year's with plenty of appetizers that my girlfriend and I were far too full to eat and caused this strange bittersweet moment where you pass up free food? How does that work? Flash forward let's say 20 months. My girlfriend and I return for our second dinner here (and in case you're wondering, this last New Year's was spent at my apartment where my gf gave in to sleep at around 9:30 and refused to wake up for the ball dropping).  OK. Second dinner. Not so good. Salads were really good. My girlfriend loves her cucumber saketini there (she says it's her fav martini period).  I got a flight of martini's (3 varieties: pomegranite [uch], grape [eh, lime threw me off], and passion fruit [good but seemed nonalcoholic] -- serves me right for getting girly drinks). A cool thing about this place, as we saw looking at the menu earlier that day, is that they have small plates, or "quasi tapas."  We knew exactly what we wanted from checking their website. When we got there it turned out that had been the old menu we were looking at and all of our favorite ideas for food were gone.  Some were still there. We got the queso fundido which is a special way of saying tortilla chips and cheese sauce (higher quality like a fondue of some sort).  There was about 15 bags worth of chips and cheese sauce and it was too rich for 2 people to really make a dent in.  It was okay, nothing great. We also had avocado fries. Fried and breaded avocado wedges with a weak Thai chili sauce.  It really was not as good as it sounded. Frying avocado just isn't necessary. The incident: my girlfriend orders half a dozen oysters (well i actually did the ordering, but I said half a dozen). Waitress heard a dozen and brought that many; 4 of which were tiny but they aren't expensive either. We told the waitress there were too many and she said enjoy (cool). They were fine for small oysters altho they don't serve it with lemon...hmmm. I was still hungry. "Please bring me the mussles fradiavlo over angel hair."  That's what I coulda sworn I said but after tasting it I must have said something more like "please bring me the cold mussels over tasteless, but spicy indeed angel hair...which will smell like a horse in about 2 minutes."  To the restaurants credit, I must've been crazy ordering mussels at a place like this but I guess I started feeling they deserved the credit. "Check please. Thank you. Ummm, waitress, I know you let us keep the oysters but you still charged us for more than we ordered. Sorry, we're also going to use this 15% coupon. Thanks. You're a peach."  $125 later (we had a few drinks tho) we left with an experience that fell short of the anticipated version in my head. I'd go back just to give a few better options a chance like the sliders cause this is more of a bar food place than the trendy-hip place it's trying to infuse into the beer soaked walls.  But I have a feeling I'd just leave with a barrel of grease in my belly and not the best experience I hoped for.
Have been wanting to try Speakeasy for some time, finally stopped by one evening for dinner & a few drinks. Good selection of wine, both by the glass or bottle, & great selection of beers too. Decisions, decisions! Split some Mac & cheese that we "customized" by added a few things in, we added spinach & bacon. I'm guessing anything you might add would be good, the Mac & cheese was so good & creamy. Tried a trio of sliders, can't get enough lately. Needless to say were great. Had one that was their take on a Cuban sandwich was really good, the regular beef ones were great too. My friend tried a bruschetta topped w/ shrimp in a lobster sauce. While that sounds good, it didn't taste as good as anticipated. Didn't really taste lobster in the sauce but the shrimp was good. Atmosphere was nice & service was excellent too.
Went to Speakeasy with a group of 10 friends on Memorial Day weekend, the entire group has been there plenty of times before & the service was fine, however on this particular day the service, food presentation, & overall experience was not very good.  It took awhile for the waitress to come over & get our drink & appetizer order, waited 15 minutes to get our 1st drink (the restaurant was not crowded), when the drinks finally arrived we placed our order in which we were told a bunch of items were already off the menu (at least 5 items). 10 minutes later the appetizers arrived, attempted to place 2nd drink order which took another 10 minutes, I think the waitress forgot to put the order in.  When the food comes it was less than stellar.  The chicken caesar salad was literally a hunk of lettuce with chicken on top.  Mind you we had no utensils in which to eat this salad.  The waitress was nowhere to be found so we had to ask the busboy to get us utensils & napkins.  Still no waitress in sight, we had to ask the busboy a second time to find her in order for us to possibly get a 3rd drink order and or to pay.  took another 10 minutes to track her down in which case we were so frustrated we just asked for the bill.  when the bill arrived she had so much trouble trying to separate it that a member of our party had to do it for her, literally stand next to her at the OS system.  Needless to say we won't be back for dinner any time soon.  The drinks are still great so we may entertain drinks only.  I advise not going with a big crowd if you are going for dinner.
Nice selection of beers. Nice bartenders. Cool atmosphere. Food is pretty good too.
Not bad - when this place is less crowded, it probably isn't too terrible. It's a little pricey, but overall, the beer selection is pretty decent. I had myself a Delirium and their blueberry beer (the name escapes me). The bathrooms are in a really awkward location, though - they are to the side of the kitchen in this narrow hallway, which creates a line where you feel like you're in everyone's way. Pretty solid place, and like I said, would like to come back here when it isn't a crazy holiday weekend.
Very disappointing the third time around.  When here first for New Year's Eve 2008 - and really had a great time with my boyfriend.  He's the reviewer below me.  It included a 3 course meal and a glass of champagne and then appetizers for the rest of the night.   Second time,  went here with my sister and a gf, and had regular bar food and we really enjoyed ourselves - we ordered the mini sliders, buffalo wings and the goat cheese salad. Couldn't complain about anything, which is why I decided to go again with my boyfriend.  We made the mistake of ordering seafood. The oysters were so cheap at  $1.50 each, I know they couldn't be great but that's what I was in the mood for.  My boyfriend did all of the ordering and ordered half a dozen, the waitress brought out a dozen. We pointed out her mistake and she told us not to worry - enjoy.  For apps we ordered the queso fundido, avocado fries and two salads . Everything was pretty good to start.  Then the oysters came and they were smaller than usual, my mistake for ordering them (never again).  My boyfriend was in the mood for mussels fra diavlo over pasta.   What  were we thinking?? It had to be the fishiest mussels I've ever tasted.     Play it safe and order bar food, don't be as daring as my boyfriend and I.  Drinks are great!! If you're into martinis go with the Saketini. Great bar to hang for drinks, nice bartenders too!
Went there once with a friend. shared macaroni and cheese and the tapas. It was great. Will be going back there. The waitress was very nice and helpful.
I love this place. Hands down, my favorite restaurant in the Long Beach/ Lido Beach area. Casual/ Bar atmosphere - wear whatever you want  -but GREAT FOOD , Great BEER Selection and very reasonable prices. Gets crowded in the summer and there is only about 8,10 tables so arrive early - especially on Saturdays.
Good Drinks/Craft Beer, nice and Dark with big TVs, music is hit or miss, laid back crowd, mostly locals.
Im giving Speakeasy 5 stars because we are in Long Beach and they deserve it. Ive been a loyal customer here for years and never had a bad meal and most of the time have great meals. I had Jake make me a steak once anyway he wanted , and I have to say it was the best steak I can remember having in a long time. Went again last night, caught the end of Michigan Dave's set. It was late night and always a comfortable place to go drink. Not too young or old , good music, wish they would not have any tvs , but thats just me. Come on people stop being glued to the screens, and talk to eachother!  Fun crowd, tamborines were in the crowd , drunk women dancing up and down the floor, what more could you ask for....later
Last time I was there, they had Delerium Tremens, a good Belgian beer, on tap.
fried avocado fries!
Great pumpkin ale. AWESOME panko french toast and short rib grilled cheese!
Service is weak.  Food is good but comes out cold sometimes.
Speakeasy is great b/c it always has inventive food and a more "adult" crowd. They regularly change the menu which is nice.  The avocado fries are out of this world, and last time I was hear I liked the short rib grilled cheese, although its heavy. Was here this past Saturday night, and they had a decent crowd.  The potato skin with pulled pork was amazing, and I am not a huge pulled port fan. the portion was one huge baked potato, and they did not remove the spud,  Terrific sauce and melted cheese; definitely getting that again. I had the French onion steak tidbits- good, but not fantastic. The steak was a bit tough, and it needed a sauce to dip, but nice change from tidbits with mozzarella.  Lots of fries.  My only complaint is that they used to have a decent wine list and wines by the glass & cocktails but we were told they don't anymore.  We ordered a bottle of red which was good, but would have liked to see a wine list.
absolutely amazing everything. Everyone there is extremely friendly. Definitely go for the surf and turf mac N' cheese and the avocado fries. This is my favorite restaurant.
Absolutely stumbled upon this place accidentally on a Saturday for brunch. It seems to be a family owned place and everyone was darling. The service was fast and the food was delicious. I recommend the shrimp and crabmeat crab cakes as well as the steak and eggs. WILL be going again.
The place is home run
the first time i went here i was not impressed..however, my friend dragged me back the other night and i will definitely go back. the avocado fries are delicious and they have the best mac and cheese in town! also, i got the grilled cheese with short ribs. so so so good. their sweet potato fries also are the best ones in town. GO HERE
Avocado fries then some Delirium Tremens then some Wing Sampler and a nice IPA then some Duck Sliders, another great beer from their always changing tap selection oh yeah andd then Surf & Turf Mac & Cheese with like 983 different great add-on options and another great beer!  Get my drift??? Great, friendly, "neighborhood" type bar.  Solid menu, great apps, awesome beers and chill atmosphere
