this mall aint shit like ok it has a few good stores but too many girls fashion like fuck that theres like 4 stores for guys stuff and one of them is taco bell girls dont like taco bell and if they do theyre fake as fuck screw GAP too like wtf who shops at gap
The mall is okay, it general has what I want. I like that there are some of the staple stores that are at all of our malls but I also enjoy the fact that every mall has a few different stores from each other. I am not a fan of the layout, I hate the wings, but there is nothing I can do about that. The food court is also super small but I don't generally eat at the mall so I can't say as if I care. The mall has what I want, when I need it. I don't go shopping store to store often but this is a place I can do that if I wanted.
Creepy dudes leered at me as I walked in. I come here for Quick Fit Alterations--the cutest, cheapest best tailor in town.  It's a family run place and if the review were about this place it would be 5 star.   but it ain't The mall is lacking in food options.  It has a quiet, eerie feeling.  It's no Eastview. I'm constantly getting lost here too.  It has a bizarre layout.  Parking is crowded even though the place looks empty inside
Alright, this is the Marketplace Mall. A somewhat average shopping center with a couple of decent stores and in somewhat of a medicore location, not that I blame Wilmorite properties for this since Marketplace was built when most of the surrounding shopping outlets didn't even exist. However, it doesn't appear Marketplace aged well with time. You may notice when you pull up to the mall that depending on where you decide to park, the parking lots near the south side next to the Bon-Ton are vacant, even on a busy Saturday. Wonder where they went you say? Probably to the Target, Best Buy, Laz-E-Boy, and the other new speciality and department stores that plopped up with no warning about thrity to twenty years. It can be said that when you walk that you are greeted with the classy teal and pink diamonds mixed with cream on the tile floor that look older then the mall itself. Sadly, that's what I saw it to be, dated. I myself actually liked dated things and someother's around here might as well, but to most people today, the fingers are starting to point. The floors may be one thing, but the rest of the interior decor appears to be a tad grungy and the mall feels stuffy when it's a rainy day despite not alot of people in the mall itself.  I can understand the grungyness as with age, it starts to show but for the stuffy issue, I don't know! Stuffiness aside, I enjoy the greenery and seating areas placed throughout the mall, even though their aren't that many compared to the other two competing centre's. The biggest offense? The food court. Yes they have some of the casual fast food joints and bistros that you would expect to find at a mall but McDonalds or Burger King? Nope. The seating is minimal for a mall this size and the court is only located in a small wing with little openess and small breathing room if you find it crowded, which is a rarity. The store selection? It's decent with a good amount of clothing realitors, electronic dealers, and sportswear. I'll comment on the seperate department stores later as this is just for the mall itself but even with the amount they have, I would've expected a bit more from a mall this size but for what I got, it's alright. This may be no grand spectacular shopping mall, but with what I experienced, I wouldn't mind going back when I feel like going to Henrietta.
This mall is my least favorite mall in all of Rochester (exception of the Medley Center, since that doesn't really count). I just feel like every time I go here, it seems dirty and dingy. It may not be dirty at all, but it's just so dark and depressing for some reason. This could be because the mall closest to my place of residence is Greece Ridge, which has windowed ceilings and is bright all the time. It does have a good range of stores, but nothing that Greece Ridge or Eastview couldn't provide. The food court is very basic and doesn't touch that of Greece or Eastview. Overall, in Rochester, you can do better. It's so rundown and dated...it's just "meh" for me and definitely doesn't warrant a drive all the way out to Henrietta.
A mall is a mall is a mall. Or so I thought. Growing up in Norther California, I had shopped at numerous malls with various offerings, but most of them were all about the same. Same shops in a rectangle, 2 story layout. Some of them had a better food court than others, some had that coveted store (as a kid that store was Sanrio and it was 40 minutes away from home but we went there for school supplies once a year every August and I still miss my pink and purple book bag), but over all, they were the same. Plenty of options regardless of what your on the hunt for and the budget you're working with. Then I moved. I've lived in a few areas in the country (not very long in each, admittedly), and, while most areas have at least two solid malls, some of them aren't any good. Some are in desperate need of updates, others are practically empty with only a couple anchor stores left. Those creepy ones that have generic, no-name restaurants populating the food courts where everything smells like bad Chinese.... There was one in North Carolina that I'm pretty sure was over taken by crafters and turned into a full time art fair. With a pretzel shop. In Rochester, we have 4 malls, technically. Sadly, only 3 are in operation (unless you count Sears all by it self in the ghost mall Medley Center). They're spread out properly, but Eastview is the obvious winner when it comes to selection and shopping experience. Marketplace does well enough, and the surrounding area supplements what you might miss in selection (Pier 1 across the street, DSW and Ulta down the road, Kohl's around the corner, and much more). So a trip out here usually meets the mass market consumer needs. I despise the layout (of all the Rochester malls), because if you want to hit multiple stores, chances are you'll back track at some point. Why do things have to be complicated?? What's wrong with a rectangle? Isn't a 2 story building more efficient?? Whatever the reason they built it in the form they did, I guess they very well can't change it now. I don't often actually shop here, not in the traditional mall sense of going from store to store, but occasionally I've enjoyed the customer service that Gap Kids offers and the abundant balloons at Old Navy (not to mention the best kids socks ever). The Macy's and other department stores are similar to their counterparts in the area. I've avoided the food court at all costs. What brings me here more often than anything else is the kids indoor play area. If I need to hit a store in the area, I can get a solid 3 hours of good behavior with a promise of a post-shopping visit to the playground. I can grab a coffee from the neighboring Starbucks kiosk and sit at one of the tables overlooking the cushioned flooring of the playground a few steps down. The steps (I think there are 4) present just a bit more of a barrier to potential escapees, but the resulting higher border offers better heights from which the older, more adventurous toddlers like to climb and launch from... most of this behavior is kept in check by the attentive parents, but some days (weekends and once school is out) older siblings seem to be in charge ....and things get crazy. We avoid these times if I can remember what day of the week it is (this applies to Greece Ridge, too). With a better (less abandoned) location with more foot traffic than at the Greece mall, it seems either there aren't creepers at this mall or else the mall security keeps an eye on things (Victor doesn't have a play area....it has the better baby clothing stores, it has Pottery Barn Kids, it has a more suburban location, but no kids play area which is probably why the few times I've been there I've seen multiple meltdowns). I prefer this mall to Greece only because Starbucks has better baked goods than Tim Horton's (donuts & muffins vs. brownies & cake pops...it's close, but not really), and also because Henrietta has more options for, well, everything. However, if I'm not in need of a specific store and we just want to burn some energy during a cold or rainy day, I tend to gravitate to Greece Ridge with it's Lollypop Farm distraction. Marketplace also offers up small furry creatures, but at a traditional pet store with puppy mill over priced purebreds and they're not conveniently located to the kids area.
Eh. I go here when I am feeling too lazy to drive to Eastview. Typical stores but it is always very packed. The play area they put in near Starbucks has attracted more families here and has helped it grow somewhat. Marketplace does have a couple of stores Eastview does not (eg. Charming Charlie) but Eastview has Lush so that gives Eastview the win automatically in my book. The food court is standard. The baristas at the Starbucks seem perpetually unfriendly (relative to other Starbucks I have been to). FYI - If you shop at New York and Company, the Eastview store is considered as more of a premium store and gets clothing styles that the Marketplace store does not.
This is your average mall. It's got the same name brands as most malls across the country: Aeropostale, Express, Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Bath & Body Works... It's got the same Hollister and Abercrombie, only as an added bonus they've parked a shirtless teenager outside each store. (The one outside Abercrombie seemed to be enjoying himself until some creep "thought" he was a mannequin, and touched him inappropriately.*) It's got the cell phone stores, the jewelry stores, and the random kiosks trying to sell you skincare products. It's got the same department stores at the ends (Sears, Macy's), and throws in the crappy one (Bon Ton) that nobody shops at. This means you want to park at that end, because you'll have to walk less in the frigid wind. It's got the same Mall Chinese Food that you should've stopped eating after the free sample, because it will make you feel ill later. Without fail. It's got the same Auntie Anne, with the same smell that invades your brain until you break down and buy a pretzel. Basically, this mall is just your average monument our consumer culture. They've got everything you expect, but the people-watching is far more entertaining than shopping. At least for me. ____________ *Don't worry, I got away before mall security got there. Snootchie Bootchies.
Get what you need, then leave. I've never been at this place for more than half an hour.
Malls have come, malls have gone and malls have been demolished!!   **cough, cough irondequoit, midtown plaza!!**  Marketplace has staying power and that says something about this wilmorite property. Is marketplace anything special! No. I've shopped at malls all over the world. Compared to other shopping centers, place falls very short, however, with that being said, marketplace holds its own. A good amount of your national chain stores can be found here. For us ladies who love makeup, MAC cosmetics has a counter at Marketplace Macy's - the only location in Rochester. When you're in a rush and don't want to walk a trillion miles to the ends of the earth, this place is perfect. It is also a great location, being close to RIT and U of R and the south west side of the city.
I like this mall I feel that the food court is definitely lacking compared to Greece Ridge Ctr.. This is the mall I go to when I want to shop and be low-key...Cause if I go to Greece imma run into ALOT of people that I know.. Which is okay but there are those days when you just don't want to be bothered and just want a pair of new sneakers or a new outfit and to get on with your day.
3.5 stars as a mall but I'm rounding up for its location. Marketplace is in the mecca of Rochester Shopping, Henrietta. The Mall is the center point of all things consumer along Jefferson Rd. When I first came to Henrietta to check out R.I.T I was overwhelmed by the amount of restaurants, stores, and strip malls I passed once I got off the highway. When I thought I had seen everything I passed Marketplace and having a mall here just seemed to make sense and complete the area with every type of shopping experience. Enough of Henrietta nostalgia, Marketplace Mall is a pretty small (as far as malls go) one leveled mall. They have all the mall basics (sears, macy's, food court, etc..). The mall always has a good amount of people and is kept in a clean and tidy state. Unfortunately I couldn't find a website for the mall so if you're looking for a specific store I'd go to that store's website and see if they have a location here.
old, run down and dated.  It has all the stores you would expect but if you are going to have a lazy fun shopping day with a girlfriend skip this mall and go to Eastview.  On the plus, they are looking to update and have added a few nice things.  a couple of new restaurants and an indoor play area for the kids are a great start.
At one point in time, this place was the bomb. Waay before Eastview Mall became the powerhouse location that it is, Marketplace Mall was the Taj Mahal Mall. WOKR TV (now WHAM) used to broadcast a morning chat show from the mall, "Morning Break with Don Alhart and Wanda Miller ".   The join's pretty run down now, with most of the upscale retail stores steering clear of Henrietta to set up shop in Ontario county & Eastview Mall. The surrounding area is looking shabby as well, though the recent decimation of Patrick Pontiac has stanched some of the localized blight. With the demise of Midtown Plaza and the sad state of affairs in Irondequoit, Marketplace's fate is probably secured. Stop by and take a leisurely stroll through this shrine to 70's era retail architecture...
This was a cute mall. We ran in just to get a few things after dinner with some friends. No complaints - it was clean and the smell of cookies and Auntie Anne's covered the massive amounts of cologne :) .
My favorite mall in the area. It's not too big if you need to go to multiple stores but it's big enough to have all the stores I like.
This mall seems like it is in between some type of phase. Not really sure what it is though! Decided to visit since it was down the street from where we were staying. It had many store which were the usual mall brand but there was also some empty storefronts.
25 years ago, this was the premier place to shop, and the competing mall over in Victor was the outdated place.  Now, things have flip flopped.  I visited this past weekend and Marketplace Mall seems antiquated, in dire need of a facelift.  A lot of stores have changed, and of course, a lot of stores have not.  Moving Dick's from across the street to in the Mall is a step in the right direction but it really doesn't give the mall any more appeal.  The interior doesn't really seem to have changed over time, the late 70's early 80's feel is still very apparent.  The place seems dreary by mall standards and is more of a hangout than a shopping center.
Not as good as Eastview, but there is a lot more around it for restaurants and plazas...who doesn't love a plaza.
