I've been here a few of times and every time the food and service are excellent. There's a good selection of savory crepes with high quality cheeses and veggies or meat in true to French combinations. And there are plenty of sweet crepes, of course. I enjoy the chocolate and Nutella based crepes and my husband likes the apple cinnamon. I'm not a coffee person but he raves about the cappuccino. They also have fresh lemonade and iced teas which are delicious. What's also great is that this place works for any meal of the day. I've been there for breakfast/brunch, lunch and dinner.  Highly recommend and I will be back ...!
This might be a generous rating, but I felt bad giving them one star. The tone was set when my girlfriend and I walked and they invited us to sit wherever we'd like. But, when we elected to sit at a table that offered her a seat on the padded bench near the wall, the server disdainfully pointed out that it was a table for 4 people. (As we were leaving, they had separated the table into 2 2-person tables.) We both ordered crepes. I had the country style, which had too many potatoes, and she had the chicken crepe, which she thought was edible but below average. She even sampled the soups and found the chicken barley to be flavorless. Overall, we'd recommend skipping this place all together if you can.
Love this place, sometimes I take the drive from Freeport to Long Beach just for their country style crepes which have cheese potato and sausage, fresh salad and their delicious sweet crepes with fresh fruit and fillings like Nutella or Belgium chocolate It's a great place when you don't wanna get a heavy breakfast or just entice your sweet tooth.  The lemonade is great by the way ! Just gave it 4 stars cuz I would like the convenience of a credit/debit card machine since they only take cash.
What a darling place near the beach for a great brunch of delicious crepes!   I had the spinach and goat cheese with the side salad that left me so satisfied.  My friend ordered the portabello mushroom  crepe and loved it.  Their sangria was delicious but compact for $6.  I suppose they just don't want people getting drunk.   Nice and friendly staff that took good care of us.
I ordered the coconut, dark chocolate crepe. It was very rich. But great taste. A must go!!
I love this place!!! I have only had the Crepes but they are definitely amazing! Me and my boyfriend go there all the time and get the hedgehog and chocolate and banana Crepes! After seeing the other reviews i do want to try the sangria and salads! The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because they are a little understaffed on serving and it would be of better connivence if they accepted debit/credit cards!
Salads I've finally found a restaurant that makes better salads than I do! I had the chicken & Gorgonzola salad - Fresh, chopped and well mixed.  Just enough dressing and bursts of flavor from the blue cheese, apples and walnuts. I look forward to trying their other salads. Crepes These are not the dreamy, melt in your mouth crepes you find in Paris. They are tasty, however. I had the portabella mushroom & cheese. It was good but not something I'd order again. I tasted my sister's smoked salmon and was completely not interested in having another bite. She liked it though. The dessert crepes were worlds better - Nutella or fruit or caramel - you can't go wrong. Coffee Get any drink and it comes in the cutest glass that you'll enjoy it even more. Cappuccino, hot chocolate, etc - all good! They have excellent service but lost a star on not having high chairs. I would love to come here with just my girlfriends to enjoy a meal, but it's really better that restaurants  just have them. It's safer than having little ones climb around in their booths. On the other hand the staff was really nice to my little one so it's not totally anti-kid friendly.
This is one of the better restaurants in Long Beach for quiet some time.  Food is consistently fresh and service is impeccable.  The staff is always professional and friendly.  My husband and I love, love, love their salads for dinner, they are that large.  Absolutely delicious food.
We went here early afternoon during the week. We had the Banana Nutella and the Salmon Crepe. They were freshly prepared and delicious. The Salmon Crepe came with a side of salad that had a tasty dressing. The Salmon Crepe had a light cheese in it with scallion. Friendly service and never had to ask for a coffee refill as they asked a few times if we wanted more. It is a small shop with a nice casual ambiance and superior service. Overall a very nice brunch!
Fresco was difficult to notice at first, given that its hidden among many other small businesses in the area. When we finally located its entrance, we quickly looked for street parking and rushed in with our hungry, growling stomachs. What we found was a clean, quaint busy (relatively) small cafe filled with locals socializing over crepes, frozen coffee drinks, iced teas, sangrias, and salads - it looked wonderful. After glancing through the menu, we settled on sharing a vegetable savory crepe (filled with squash, eggplant, zuccini, and ricotto cheese) and a banana nutella sweet crepe, along with ordering the fresh iced teas and frozen fresco drink (consisted of nonfat yogurt, ice, and expresso supposedly). The savory crepe came with a delicious fresh salad, a slice of fresh tomato on top of it all, with vinaigrette dressing, which made us feel just a bit healthier. The vegetable crepe itself was fresh and cheesy, but we wish it was a little more crispy around the edges. With all the water from the vegetables, within minutes, the beautiful crepe had become soggy. Perhaps we'll try a more protein based crepe next time, such as the chicken or seafood, which may have better results. The first couple bites of the sweet crepe was absolutely mindblowingly tasty, especially for sweet tooths like us. We would warn, however, that if you're planning to eat the whole thing yourself, it may be a challenge. After a few bites for us, our sweet taste buds had had enough for the day. The drinks were indeed freshly made, and the unsweetened iced tea was especially tastefully refreshing on this heat wave kind of a day. The frozen fresco, which resembled in taste to a Starbucks coffee frap, was also equally refreshing, but rather sweet over time.
Fresco is a little slice of heaven. This place has by far the BEST crepes I've ever had. And surprisingly enough I've tried them in Paris and in Ireland.... and they were just as good, if not better! The best part about this place is that they serve not only sweet crepes but savory ones too!! As far as the savory goes, I've had the chicken, cheese and veggie one and that was so delicious. But the Top of the List is the NUTELLA CREPE. *cue heavenly music* I cannot even describe the greatness. Honestly, the word Nutella should be convincing enough. But yes, the crepes are packed full of flavor and the perfect amount of thinness. They have regular and whole wheat with many filings. It's a cute, classy place to eat. A favorite of mine in Long Beach.
I'm torn between 3 and 4- so I'll give it 4. Everything tasted very good and was made to order. The prices are reasonable, and the food was good- I just don't know if I like crepes that much. I love the salad that came served alongside it.  That was delicious. I'd return.
Everything in this place is delicious.  Since I am on a gluten free diet I had a salad which was very large.  I wish they made gluten free crepes.  The only down side to my lunch today was the really loud table in the back of the restaurant.  I would definitely recommend this place.
Best crepes I have had outside of Paris.  Thin, yet delicate and slightly crisp.  The banana nutella is to die for.  Also the house salad is really crisp, tart, and filling.   I usually order a ham and brie crepe, then the banana nutella-  they have a great cheap boujoulais by the glass, which I'm always happy to have at least 3 glasses.   Its a tiny place with not much to be said about the ambience, but the food speaks for itself.  Super friendly staff, who are very attentive and do not judge when the little 5 foot asian halfie (thats me) orders 2 dessert crepes.
Very nice place in the heart of Long Beach. From living in Long Island its hard to find crepe place and I finally found one!!!! Very small restaurant with a trendy style. The menu consist of a sangria/wine/beer page, coffee/tea/espresso, salad and a full page of crepes. First, my girlfriend and I orderd the zuchinni and potato soup where the broth was no soo flavorful but that did not take away from how the potato and zuchinni tasted, yummy!! Then I ordered the country style crepes which consisted of ground beef, cheese and potato and also came with a side salad. The crepe was full and filling. Very flavorful with tons of meat, cheese and potato. My girlfriend ordered the banana and nutella crepe which the presentation was very nice but small in size. Because both of us were still hungry we ordered the salmon crepe which we mentioned to the waiter we were going to share. When it came arrived it came on two separate plates which was nice. The salmon was delicious and full like the country style crepe I ordered. Overall, this place is great I will be coming back again. I am soo glad to find a good crepe place in Long Island.
Fresco HANDS DOWN makes the best crepes I have ever had in my life.  No, I have not been to France, but I live and work in NYC and pretty much any time I have a real opportunity i will try a new place that makes crepes to see how it stands up to Fresco.  Guess what?  They all fall down. Fresco's batter creates a flavorful, THIN (why is it so hard for people to make their crepes thin these days?) whole wheat crepe.  Then they fill it with delicious combination, some of my favorites being smoked salmon & marscipone; chicken, blue cheese & walnut;  goat cheese and spinach.  AMAZING.  All the crepes come with a side of the super fresh house salad in a delicious light vinaigrette.  Their sweet crepes are also fantastic and the presentation of all their dishes is beautiful.  Awesome coffee and espresso drinks as well.  The one on Hillside Ave. is almost as good as this one, but since Long Beach is the OG it is obviously better.   Fresco is a great place to go alone, with a friend, with your mom, on a date, or with a small group.  If you like crepes and have the chance definitely stop in for a nice relaxing time at Fresco. - But they are cash only.
Long beach is great, it's just amazingly annoying to drive to. Especially with the long funky loop parkway traffic and craziness in the summer. Still, the trip is worth it if I get to stop here for a quick bite to eat. They have some of the best crepes i've had on long island. Especially the desert crepes.. Mmmm.. gluttony. The classic banana nutella crepe is awesome here. Not to mention the price is fair, they have amazing iced coffee (I've gotten the most tweaked/wild sugar rush off it) and fast service. PS: Bring cash, don't be jerks like us running around in the pouring rain on long beach ave looking for an ATM @ 8pm.
This is one of my favorite restaurants on Long Island. Its inexpensive, and the food is heavenly.  Plus its located a few blocks away from the beach/boardwalk so you can walk off all those calories!  My friend took me here years ago, since then I use any excuse to come back! You can comefor brunch, lunch, dinner or dessert and feel like you are in a cafe in Manhattan!  I recommend coming in the evenings to enjoy the most delicious dinner followed by a dessert crepe.  5 stars because in the years I've been coming here, you never have to wait, the food is always fresh and it comes out super fast piping hot and delicious!!! No matter what you order I'm sure you will love it!  I order the same thing every time because it is something I crave.  My favorite crepe is the cremini mushroom crepe.  It is a mushrooms & cheese crepe that is sauteed and melted - tastes like heaven! (see my photos) All dinner (savory crepes) are served with a side salad. On average the dinner crepes are about $8.99 The portions are not too large which is just perfect because- trust me- you don't want to get stuffed before dessert!  If you are in the mood for just a salad, they have large specialty salads that look delicious!  The menu is not very large but consists of dishes that include chicken, veggies, mushrooms, seafood,  cheeses, soups and salads -  guaranteed you will be able to find something you like. Dessert  crepes (sweet) are about $6.00 each. My favorite is the banana nutella crepe.  It is to die for. If you like sweets, chocolate or desserts this is a must. Its just amazing.  Some others to choose from are fresh preserves, honey, dulce de leche, dark chocolate, lemon, etc.  They have great drinks as well.  Beer, Wine, Sangria, Espressos, hot chocolate, Cappuccino, coffees etc. The hot chocolate is amazing, but way to rich if you are also getting a dessert crepe. This is a great place for a first date, reading a book by yourself, or just hanging out with your friends. It is casual cafe style restaurant where you can come in sweatpants or wear a dress! The staff is very accommodating and always super nice.  No matter what day or time Fresco always has a table available and offers great service.  My only wish is that this restaurant took credit cards. They do not,  CASH ONLY! I would recommend parking in one of those lots in the middle of Park Ave, unless you can get a spot right in front!  The crowded Long Beach area sucks for parking but Fresco will make up for it.  Enjoy! Tell your friends! This place is amazing!
(First off  ***CASH ONLY***. You've been warned. ) Fresco for me is an in between sort of thing; it's like am I hungry or do I just want something small to hold me over, but I'm sort of hungry are you hungry? So for me this fits the void actually quite nicely. The interior is simple without to much going on, service is efficient with a nice simple menu that moves things along with ease and a good selection between savory and sweet meals that hit a great balance. Their salads are excellent and a great portion that can easily be split if you weren't starving, their crepes are fantastic, and I don't generally care for crepes. Nice coffees and some simple teas as well. Excellent spot for a evening summer meal.
Delicate dinner-infused pancakes, step it up from the typical LI diner a.k.a. The Golden Reefer of my yout! OO-laalaa in Joey Budafuco land. Afterwards we went for a winter walk on the beach boardwalk. To good health! Rectangle-shaped delicacies, with bit of buckwheat, with fresh vegetable ingredients accompanied with a delightful mesculin salad for balance, still others with impossibly good sweet ingredients!! TDF=To Die For We both went for a savory and sweet moderately sized crepes; plenty of food that we dined slowly on and which lasted us for the rest of the day. ..Light and healthy and delicious. Couldn't decide which sweet was better!! No regrets. me--SAVORY: Vegetable; including eggplant and squash and light sauce!! awesome. (she--SAVORY: "The Complete"!!; aka Ham and cheeser; not sure if they used traditional gruyere or LI style cheese cubes) me--SWEET: Cooked fresh banana and dark Belgium chocolate!! (she--SWEET: Dulce De Vida fresh cooked fruit with carmel!!) Service was a little slow as they should offer to keep our coffees hot and water flowing and place was a little dim for the morning but otherwise lovely atmosphere and pretty friendly people. No mimosas unfortunately but the place has a full bar! Name is Italian some of the French foods are more Italian style. Patio in summer. Excellent location; walk from the beach and boardwalk, minutes from shopping stretch, and across from the LB train stop, and theatre-- FRESH-GO in the LB baby
5 stars? that can't be right.....let me find something bad about this place. Right on a main street in a very walkable neighborhood in Long Beach is this little Crepe spot that gives the appearance of a cafe.  Small tables, quiet dining and friendly staff is a good start to my meal. The patrons are locals: sun-baked moms, middle aged dads in shorts with sweaters tied around thier necks, beach loving teens or young adults.  Everyone happy to be alive and eating crepes for lunch and dinner.  So far so good. The meal crepes are light and airy.  The Sweet/savory ones are a party in your mouth.  Ask for the Nutella and Banana....extra whipped cream and extra Nutella sauce.  Delicious.  Prices were reasonable ($7 bucks for a sweet stuff, about $10 or so more for the ones that are more like a meal).  When you ask for a soda, you get a small 7 oz. bottle.  How sensible.  Frescos taste like ice cream.  I don't know if any CREPE is to die for.  Slow cooked BBQ or a great Lobster Bisque maybe. Waiter service was pleasant and attentive.  Even managed to have a laugh with us. CASH ONLY.  Is that still a thing in this day and age for a business? Only bad thing was....um.....ok....I got nothing. Five stars.  You win this time.
Fresco Creperie and Cafe never disappoints, whether you're looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner this spot has something for you!  Honestly everything on their menu is fantastic; banana and nutella crepe, vegetable and country style crepe, salads and coffee. We have been coming here for 10+ years, the menu and quality of food has stayed consistent throughout the years.   They also serve fresh squeezed lemonade year round!!  Trust me it's very had to find in the winter!
Best coffee in town. Great place for any meal. Personal favorite is the country crepe which had potato and sausage, and comes with a delicious salad. The bananas and nutella is crepe is incredible. Only takes cash.
We just had a light dinner and dessert at Fresco--what a nice experience! We ordered a chicken and blue cheese salad and crimini and gruyere crepe for dinner. The salad potion was generous, dressing and all fixings well balanced. The crepe dish came with a simple salad. The crepe was nice and hot, very flavorful. The Fresco coffee (iced espresso with non-fat yogurt and whipped creme) and regular coffee were very good, too. We had the 'hedgehog style' crepe for dessert with Belgian chocolate, sliced almonds and coconut topped with vanilla ice cream-it was a cherry on top of a nice light meal. The atmosphere is simple cafe style. The staff is great, all the dishes were served with a smile! I would definitely recommend the place!
I went to go visit my friend in Long Island and we decided to eat breakfast on Sunday morning. We did a search for the best brunch places in Long Beach and Fresco Creperie came up, so we thought we would give it a try. We walked in and were greeted by a friendly server who showed us to a table. After looking at the menu, my friend and I decided to share both a savory and a sweet crepe. We gave our server our order and instructed him that we wanted the savory crepe first, then the sweet crepe for dessert. When our savory crepe came (chicken with cheese and mushrooms), we were highly impressed with the presentation. Since we had told the server we were sharing, they had neatly cut the crepe in half and presented it to us on two different plates. As we finished the first crepe, just as we had requested, the sweet crepe soon followed. This crepe was also presented in the same way as the first. They also didn't charge the dreaded "sharing fee." I would highly recommend visiting this place. I, personally, will go there every time I visit my friend in Long Island. Not only is the food amazing, but the service is superb as well.
Been coming here since Steve (of Steve's Pasta) opened it around 1999 or 2000. Always consistently good. Always clean. Place looks like it was remodeled yesterday (always kept up). Service has always been excellent. Always a large assortment of quality magazines to read while you eat. And they are open to 11PM! Prices have not changed much in 10 years. It's a great place to eat because the price is right, the portion is just right (you won't eat like a pig), the menu is simple. I think I've had every type of crepe. My favorite...I think is the smoked salmon, but I like them all. They make great home made lemonade too! And don't forget the desert crepes like the Nutella/banana or orange!!! If I were to change anything, I might add a couple more choices to the menu. Great place... hope it's around for at least as long as I live in Long Beach
Smoked salmon crepe. Great way to start the morning. Only rate 4 star because banana nutella crepe wasn't up to par other than that, nice place.
The crepes are quite good. They have an excellent selection of both the savory and sweet variety. I recommend trying the mushroom, the country style and the banana nutella. Downsides include cash only, tasteless side salads (you are here for the crepes anyway), slightly pricey if you want a real meal (need to eat two savory + 1 sweet crepe = $35 per person). Extremely good location if you are going to Long Beach. Park near the Long Beach Blvd entrance to the beach. Enjoy the beach until lunch time. Call ahead to creperie and then send one person to pick up the food and some lemonades. Have picnic on the beach. Very enjoyable.
We stumbled on this little gem after going to dinner and wanting a simple "dessert" place. The crepes were great. Decor, eh, but you don't come here for the decor. The wait service was good, the coffee good, but did I say the crepes were great? Try the Orange and Caramel Crepe. Purrrrrrrr. Keep it up!
The dessert crepes are awesome!  I go simple with the nutella crepe and its always a good time. My only beef, which is a big one, is that they don't accept credit cards.  It's 2012, who carries cash anymore?
Amazing salads and the honey crepe is to die for!! Can't wait to come back!!
Best banana/Nutella crepe I have ever had.  Must go!
Delicious crepes in the culinary wasteland that is Long Beach. The crepes are consistently fresh with interesting fillers. The chicken breast/bleu cheese/walnut is my favorite. Fresco has many vegetarian options, and each crepe comes with a nice mescalin salad.The coffee is delightful, and free refills on the hot stuff.  It gets super busy from 11am into the early afternoon, and service slows down. So, if you're in a rush get there a little early.  Its an easy breezy bike ride from our place on the west end, and totally worth it.
Not nearly as impressive as the other I reviewed, mostly because of the very few choices listed, and the lack of complexity of the crepes. I settled for stawb w dulce + ice cream. Just okay.  Cash only place too if I remember.
Very cute place! They have great crepes and many different kinds.  The banana with nutella is delicous. They have many to choose from!
I finally had the chance to come here and I have to say that it was good. I had the Spinach and Goat Cheese Crepe which has a nice salad with and the Mocha latte was perfect. My boyfriend had a tuna salad and had a Caramel Latte as well. What a great place to enjoy a nice lunch and if you want a dessert they have the sweet crepes as well!
Never had a crepe before, and my friend had been telling me that this place is amazing. Gave it a try and it was awesome! I've had the apple crepe and the chocolate. Definitely going to return there. Very friendly service.
Incredible. Their salads with mustard vinaigrette dressing are a perfect complement to their savory crepes. I love every one I've tried so far: spinach and goat cheese, Swiss chicken and mushroom, and ham and cheese. Excellent coffee and their classic crepe and honey crepe are perfect.
An awesome atmosphere. Food is great and not costly! Super friendly service. Just make sure you got cash coz this place accepts no cards ;)
I'm a regular at the Panini Bikini place when I go to Long Beach. This place is a good second choice. My favorite crepe is the chicken and mushroom. The banana nutella is as good as the other reviews say that it is. If the place is busy then the wait for a crepe is a little long though. I am spoiled by my experiences in other places where crepes are prepared instantly. Here there is a queue at lunch time. Definitely worth trying!
This place is great!  Crepes are delicious!  I usually get the chicken crepe with everything on it.  The salad it very good!  i love the nutella crepe!!!!  This is a casual place with great food, great desserts and great coffee!  The staff is very nice and the owners are very nice and personable. It's right across the street from the movie theater so before or after a movie it's a great place to go!
I give 4 stars only because of the decor (or lack of it), not that its a big deal and actually adds to the ambiance in an odd way.  I just moved to long beach and this place is a favorite for sure and I will be visiting much more in the future.  The lemonade is awesome, fresh squeezed.  The crepes are light and perfect for a nice meal.  The blue cheese crepe is my personal fav, but I haven't tried them all yet.  The dessert crepes are yummy as well and the prices are pretty cheap.  Adds up to one satisfying meal (to me at least)  :)
This is a gem in Long Beach, I really don't know why this place is not more popular than it actually is. Unfortunately my husband is not really a crepes type of guy, so I always have to go with girlfriends, but their crepes are delicious! They also have great coffee drinks, and they have both savory and sweet crepes which is perfect. The staff is so friendly at this place, only downside is they only take cash, but it's not a huge deal.
The perfect place to go in Long Beach, NY if you are looking for a great light meal. Excellent crepes, salads and soup are always excellent while enjoying a glass of wine. During the summer months the frozen coffee drinks are a great compliment to any of the dessert crepes, my favorite has chocolate and banana. Located across the street from the movie theater in town. You will not be disappointed.
Excellent crepes, clean, neat little place. Two criticisms: 1.  They do NOT accept credit cards as of this writing....that needs to be fixed in the official business information.  It's really inconvenient.... 2.  They make decent hot coffee drinks (e.g., mochiatto, etc.)...HOWEVER, they serve them in ice-cream-shake-like glasses without handles and with a straw.  Kind of hard to either hold or drink a hot coffee drink in a tall glass without a handle and through a straw!  I mean..er...umm....ooookay.  LOL Overall, the crepes are great...they have both a sweet (e.g., breakfast-y) and a savory (e.g., lunch-y) section on their crepe menu, which is nice.
It is a very good place! The crepes are fabulous, my favorite is the Mushrooms one. The cappuccino could be better......but do not tell otherwise the waiter do not talk to you anymore! Soups are good, just a little bit salty. Salad with chicken and Gorgonzola delicious!
Simple, great food and service. Salmon crepe is my favorite. I have become a regular now at frescos and they never disappoint.
Enjoyed the food and service. Would go again.
Food is good. Service is unfriendly with an extra unfriendly bias towards children.
location location location!  super close the beach... so its a great place to stop by before you hit the boardwalk or the beach.  its also right across a movie theatre... so a nice place to grab a quick bite.  i like the salads that come with all the savory crepes... very light and filling.  my favorite is the country one!
Holy crepe!!!  Okay, folks...here's my dirty little secret. Every once in a while I just succumb to the temptations that my lord and master Satan has placed before me. After consuming my own body weight in AYCE sushi across the street at Yummy-Yummy, I slink (under cover of darkness, fog or a 33-gallon green lawn-and-leaf bag) across the street to complete my caloric fiasco by grabbing a dessert crepe at Fresco. Look..I ain't proud, but they built it, and so I come. I'll see you fellow gluttons on Level 3 of Dante's Inferno. Here, Cerebus. Nice doggie.
This is one of my favorite places in the world!  The crepes really are the best, both savory and sweet, and the salads are fresh and very large.  The coffee is THE BEST!  I have never had a bad experience here and recently went to their new location in Williston Park and was totally pleased with the outcome.  I recommend Fresco to anyone looking for a delicious meal or just a sweet treat!
Incredible food. Very fresh. Very light. Very delicious. Very well priced.
Perfect for a lunch date with a friend. Food is great, place is airy and clean. They should come up with an unexpected special of the day. I go there often with a friend and I have to say that I'm ready for a slight menu change or something different.
I absolutly hate it when you go to a restaurant and the food is really, really  good, but the service sucks. That's the case here. I went for brunch today and had a chicken crepe that was delicious, but I couldn't get the servers attention to bring me some more coffee, or anything else. My coffee cup was empty the entire time I had my food. I finally got more coffee, caffinated, I was drinking decaffe. Was not asked or brought anymore cream. None of the service people payed any attention. No, excuse me, I take that back. My waiter was paying A LOT of attention to the one girl that works there. Well, I use the term "works" very loosely, because the entire time I was there she didn't seem to do a single thing that was productive except entice the attention of my waiter. I couldn't figure out what her capacity was except to make sure that all the patrons were ignored. He dosen't get the excuse that it was busy, because the restaurant was not. It was about half full. I would have liked to try one of the dessert crepes but I was never asked or given the opportunity to order anything else. I finally got up from my table to even get the check. I told my waiter that his service was very disappointing. He didn't seem to care. It's a shame. I live very close to this restaurant and I liked the food that I did get to try. But I would rather go to a restaurant that appreciates my service and dosen't make me work for my food. I will not go back.
