Love this place! The service is excellent and very attentive - everyone is very friendly! The food is amazing! Everything I have tried has been delicious! Love the decor of the restaurant and bar and how they maintained the old fashioned appearance. Looking forward to my next visit!
Yum!! I've never eaten anything that wasn't good here.  The service is good and the prices are decent. Just a regular bar scene with better than average food. Favorite and highly recommended entree: turkey melt on garlic bread with waffle fries. Delicious sandwich - after one taste you will crave it at random times!! The baked clams are also large, filling and delicious. The sandwich is also large, enough for two so you may have a doggy bag. Either pack it at the table or check it when they pack it. I was there last night and I ate a few fries from a generous serving...I came home to find 3 fries in my container. One star off for that. Side note: I don't eat wings but I've heard that they are among the best in the area from many people. Legendary wings.
Love this place! It servers good martinis, the best wings ever (my favorite is the teriyaki one), and the steak sandwiches are awesome! I almost forgot: Buffalo Calamari! OMG! It is so good!
After a day at the beach. My boyfriend and I were looking for a lowkey place with good food and drinks. After reading the reviews, we tried this restaurant. The only good thing about this place was the service. The waitress was so nice and service was fast. The appetizers of wings and jalapeño poppers and our main entree of a cheeseburger were good but nothing special. The real reason for this 2 start post was because of the many fruit flies/nats that continued to surround our food the entire time. We couldn't wait to get out of there. I hate writing bad reviews! I suggest you trying it for yourself and I hope you have a much better experience.
Just picked up take out from John Henry's for the 3rd time and I am again pleased. My burger was excellent and the waffle fries were perfectly "crisped", if that's a real word? I would give it 5 stars, but I have yet to dine in there. If your looking for good wings and burgers go here!
Unfortunately the food here was pretty bad. My girlfriend had wings and I had BBQ ribs and both of our meals lacked a quality taste. However, the service was great and I did not check out the bar area but it seems like a nice place to have a beer.
This place has great customer service and a friendly staff.  I've never had an unpleasant or inattentive waiter/waitress here.  The food in general is great, especially their burgers.  This is just one of those places you keep going back to because you know the food will be good, even if you end up coming here three times a week at some points.
A local Long Beacher said I had to come to this place for the amazing food. "Yelp has them listed as one of the top restaurants in Long Beach". so I took him up on his offer and met him for dinner and a beer. We sat at the bar and had a couple of draft beers......great selection beyond the usuals.Friendly, ttentive bartender.....and pretty quiet for a Thursday night. He had a pasta dish and I had a fish dish, or maybe it was the other way around. (this was last week, and while I need to be more specific here...my brain has malfunctioned...will update when my memory returns.) the prices were fair, the restaurant itself looked really nice, not a run-down irish pub, something definitely a step up. Menu items all looked good, with lots of variety. Good option in LB
Decent pub in long beach. Burgers are pretty good. Nice atmosphere. Sweet potato fries could have been cooked more. Otherwise pleasantly surprised.
Over priced.  Sticky table.  Below average good.  My pulled pork sandwich was rind and fat mixed with hard meat.  Steak sandwich was $15 and arbys would have been better.  Really poor.
Couldn't ask for a better pub atmosphere in Long Beach.  Nothing comes close to the casual and unassuming ambience in the "city by the sea." The service is prompt.  Your glass'eth stay'eth full...eth.   A fine, yet accesible, beer selection and good food.  What else do you need?
Burgers are great. Cleanliness is OK. Staff are friendly. Selection of food for an American pub is adequate. However, what I want to comment on is delivery I assumed that since this is not Chinese or Italian, delivery would be poor. I was very wrong. I have been ordering in from this place for several years. The food ALWAYS arrives hot - which I originally did not expect. Service time was adequate - usually under an hour. My only complaint is that sometimes the chicken fingers are a little overdone. However, this does not stop me from ordering delivery in the future.
In Long Beach, you essentially have two kinds of places: 1. old man bars 2. bars that SEEM okay in the daylight, and then get taken over by THOSE people.  You know who I'm talking about. Somehow this place slipped through the cracks.  Its wonnnnnnnnnnnnnderful here.  Pub vibe in the front, with a small bar and a few booths, and a dining room with additional booths/tables in the back.  The decor is simple and welcoming, and the people that work here are fantastic and friendly. Regular beers on tap, varied enough bottled beer list.  The waitress was very attentive, and was quick to refill our beers, take our orders.  We got a few appetizers to nosh on - typical bar food.  Some friends came and met up with us and ordered a few more things to eat - everyone essentially ate everything on their plate.  I do need to come back and have dinner or lunch here - they have a decent enough selection of sandwiches, platters, burgers, etc.  And some german food. I love german food.  I SHOULD have gotten the Jager Schnitzel but I was distracted by jalapeno poppers and not hungry enough for a full meal. we were literally here for hours, talking, catching up, watching the Olympics...making friends with the husband and wife duo that own and operate the place.  We'll be regulars here, for sure.  I think we finally found our local bar.
Well if you were wondering from my previous yelp about the pub I go to down the block from the Bridgeview Yacht Club, well here it is. They not only have a great selection of tap beers, but their sandwiches are deadly. Definitely worth checking out when you are in the area.
This is a great little pub.  You walk in, there is a decent sized bar on the left and some booths on the right.  I met some friends here for dinner last week and felt really comfortable in the atmosphere.  In addition, just past the bar / booths, they had a full dining area with a bunch more tables and booths and beyond that was the kitchen. The wait staff and bartender seemed very accomodating.  We ordered appetizers, some burgers and dessert and a handful of drinks.  If I had not been so tired, I would have loved to of stayed around longer.  The food was certainly fresh, the burgers are wonderful.  We ordered a few orders of the calamari -- it was that good -- along with an order of the buffalo wings (although not quite as good as I have had, the wings weren't bad).  We ended the night with coffee and dessert which was equally as good as the meal itself. It is definitely a neighborhood type of place, everyone seems to know each other as they walked through the door.  Oh, and the music was good, classic rock and they had the ball game on the screens above the bar.
Fairly decent pub grub served in a cozy warm atmosphere. The bar area is a rather small space and tends to get crowded with the regulars, the restaurant portion gets filled as well on a busy weekend. The service is usually fine and friendly, never really any glitches there. Overall a good spot to get a burger, watch a game or two. Decent food, fair prices nice place that's very easy to get to and there's parking in the center island on park ave.
If you are looking for american pub food this is the place to go.  Portions are enormous.  There delivery is very quick.  The food is consistently good.  Service has always been great.   I know people who have worked there and they have nothing but nice things to say about those who run the restaurant.
If you're looking for a good Pub in Long Beach this is the only one.  It's true.  This place doesn't turn into one of those "hangouts" filled with douche bags at night.  It is a neighborhood Pub and thank goodness we found this place.   The service here is outstanding. My friend and I came here for some appetizers and a few beers and the apps were good and the service was fantastic.  Our server was very attentive and even noticed that I didn't like my beer and switched it out for me right away and got me another one! They also had a Chicken Jagger Schnitzel on special that I wish I had tried.  I saw a few people that ordered it and it looked great!!! My friend Jo and I can't wait to go back and bring our dad's because we're pretty sure they'd like this place too! Can't wait to return!  Thanks, John Henry's!
I'm not from the area, so my fiance and I were a little worried just walking into a random place for a tasty, affordable dinner. Most reviews for this place recommend the burger - so that's what we got and it was awesome! First off, the staff was very polite and served us our beers very quickly.  The decor is really cute and we were comfortable after a long day at the beach.  My fiance was really impressed that they were serving a hard-to-find Samuel Smith's beer in the bottle - not that I know much about that. I got a regular burger, he got the cheese burger and we split an order of bacon to share on them.  We also got waffle fries with the burgers.   They were cooked to perfection, just a little pink inside - which is how we like it.  The burgers were also enormous!!  He usually inhales his burgers, barely having time to chew but I actually saw him struggling through this thing.  We even laughed about it since few burgers ever come close to conquering him.  Impressive. The fries were also awesome.  We were both really happy with our $10 burger dinners and recommend this place if you're looking to satisfy a burger itch.
I give this place 1 star because they got my drink right. French onion soup was lukewarm and mostly void of taste. Fish and chips came with mushy undercooked fish. YUCK! Have no idea who has been  reviewing this place but it doesn't even meet the mediocre level for food. Just awful. Awful.
Grandparents took me here for a quick dinner as ranted and raves about the burgers here. Turns out the burgers are amaaazing. Juicy patties with great quality meat. Fresh buns and very tasty fries! If you are craving a burger and find yourself in long beach, don't pass this place up!
Searching for a place to eat after a visit to the beach, my GF & i found this bar/grill.  Very easy to find on the main strip.   The Pro's...clean place & large portions.  My GF enjoyed her Buffalo Chk Sandwich & waffle fries & i enjoyed my California Wrap w/rice. I'd pass on the buffalo meatballs appetizer though, i still have heartburn. The Cons...The service, the host & beer supply.  Had to wait about 15mins standing in doorway by host stand to even be acknowledged by host, as larger groups who entered after us were seated.  When we were finally seated, 3 of the first 4 beers we asked for, which were listed on the wall, were out.  The waitress (young blonde) took our order & then that was literally last time we saw her until she dropped check off at table & ran off to go chat w/ the host, which she had done the whole hr & half we were there, as we time & time again tried to signal her for more drinks, water & ask for dessert.  Oh well, its a shame the business loses out, as she never asked us if we needed anything else, so after waiting another 10mins for her to come get the check which i wanted to charge to my cc, i instead scrounged up the cash i had & left it on table & went down the block to another bar for drinks & dessert that appreciated our business more.
This is a great pub. I agree with the other two reviews. They have great sandwiches and salads.    They serve dinner pretty late which is great. The atmosphere is nice, relaxed and cozy.
Great sandwiches and burgers. good service.
The place never disappoints, they dont have a Cook they have a chef.  Fish is always fresh and cooked properly and Specials are great, Killer Burger.  Service is fantastic as well both wait staff and Buss.  We live a few towns over but its worth the trip because they do it all right.  Also what is nice there is always an owner there and they always greet you and wish you a good night, Class.
I really enjoy this place. The food is very good and definitely quite affordable. The staff is very nice and the service is quick. I really enjoy the burgers as well as the steak sandwiches.
I recently attended a party here and the spread was awesome. Lots of places make calamari but John Henry's is so lightly battered and crispy and perfect. The wait staff was fantastic, pleasant and attentive and clearly love their jobs. Tip that great waitress with the fabulous earrings!  She's awesome. The drinks were perfect and I can't wait to go back.  A great place to refill after a beach run. Two thumbs up.
The staff is so nice and appreciative of each customer's business here. They have the best burger in Long Beach by far! Love this place.
One of the best burgers in town and the chicken tidbits are incredible - overall it's excellent food. IM not too sure if this place has AC or not...if they do it was on low the day I was there. Food is worth stopping by.
Local beers, solid pub food, and great service. We came for lunch and ordered off their $8 lunch special menu. Get the waffle fries!
Went after the beach on a 90 degree day and was disappointed that they had no AC. Sweated through great service, great beer, great stuffed clams, great fish and chips, and the worst steak salad I've ever tasted. So weird that one thing was so pathetically executed. Cold steak (and I mean out of the fridge?!) that wasnt even seasoned, on a wilted salad. After one bite didn't touch it. Server never asked how anything was, so after the bus boy took it I decided to let it go cuz she was so nice and I was full anyway. Shame, could have been a great lunch. Stay away from the salads I guess. The seafood was GREAT.
The food is boring, bland and just flat out doesn't really taste that good. Service is okay, but borders on slightly rude. Out of the plethora of places to get some pub food in Long Beach, i'd probably never come back here again.
Best wings in Long Beach! The bartenders are always friendly and take good care of you. It's a great spot to go to when you want a relaxed, warm atmosphere.
Awesome food and atmosphere  and the best service.  The wings are really great. Order them extra crispy.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! The staff is extremely friendly and after going there a few times they make sure youre nice and comfy.. They have the BEST french onion soup!! Potatoe skins and Chicken Tidbits are also a must..Def a  cozy spot for locals to get a quick bite
This place is great!!  Food is amazing!! There sweet and tangy buffalo wings are delicious and so is there chicken sandwich on the special.  The staff is super friendly and welcoming!  Definitely come check out John Henry's because you will be happy about this place and their food!!  Usually come here at least once a week or more with family and friends !!It is a favorite of mine in Long Beach!!
We go there all the time, great food, great specials, and great menu. They have great hamburgers, steak, chicken, great lunch menu with sandwiches. Service is great and very attentive, everything there is amazing, and it has a very casual setting.
The penne I had was fantastic. Service was good as well.
great wings, great service. it's sit down restaurant and a bar.
