Pricey, but definitely the best steak on the south shore.  Great bar scene also, with bar tenders who know how to pour a drink.  One of my favorite places to eat hands down.
I love this place very expensive for long beach but it keeps the clientele at a good place...how ya doing? Steaks are big portions sides are as well great seafood Great to eat by the bar on an off night
Great place and is just as good as Lugers , old homestead, Ect ... Filet mignon with crabmeat was out of this world. Worth the price!
Love the place. It is our Special Occasion restaurant (and sometimes that "Special Occasion" is simply "Tuesday." My wife and I split the Porterhouse, which is amazing.  (Splits are never discouraged, and we don't get charged plate charge) Drinks are generous size. Caesar Dressing wonderful. Desserts excellent. Never a wait, not noisy at all, and the wait staff has been consistently good.
This place gets better and better each time we go.  I consider myself a steakhouse fan, and this is quickly becoming my favorite one.
The best Steak in New York and don't forget the Gorgonzola Cheese Garlic Bread!! "i love the sauce it wonderful" WOW and also the Shrimp Scampi by far the best around John Burns your a master in the kitchen.
I thought this place was great. I recommended it to a friend and she already went. The backed macaroni and cheese with lobster could of had a little more lobster in it for the price $25. Service was great and so were the steaks we had, fillet Mignon and prime rib. Would go back again.
If you love Carbs this is the place to do you in!!!  To start we had this unique version of roasted garlic bread with Gorgonzola sauce, It was out of this world!!! For a appetizer we decided on the Shrimp Scampi Casserole which was one of our highlights of the entire meal! OK, now the main reason Jimmy Hays was calling to me like John Edwards at a psychic reading was the talk of the Lobster Jimmy! I have to say though, OH JIMMY!! I was very disappointed in that dish! The cause of the disliking of the dish was the Cognac Lemon Garlic sauce, bleh! I actually had to ask my waitress for just plain old butter!  I tell you, what a difference! Now my nephew got the 16oz rib eye special which came with a giant potato croquet, and spinach Florentine. Which was perfectly cooked and outrageous (as well as the price)!!!! Now as to usually be concluded, the best part of the meal, DESERT!!!!!! We decided to try out the Bananas Foster, which was MMMmmmmm good! Not to sound like a Campbell's commercial but seriously! Granted after about a few bites you will need a dentist , a doctor that specializes in diabetes, or a priest to read you your last rights!!! Another rumor that I heard was that the portions were huge! Once  again what I heard was wrong! Everything was Fred Flinstone size! I mean after we went home we had enough left overs to cure the worlds hunger issues, and then some!!!
best steakhouse in sw nassau..my favorite dishes are the porterhouse for 2, ribeye steak, and duck only on friday and saturday..side dishes sauted onions,spinach, mashed potatos..they try to push the lobster jimmy which i had once but is nothing special..otherwise good service and great food
Jimmy Hays Steak House in Island Park, NY is definitely an awesome place. Jimmy is a great fun loving guy, and executive chef Richard Burns is a chef with a heart of gold and miracle hands that produce culinary masterpieces. Had my wedding anniversary there tonight and EVERYTHING was top notch! Thanks for the tour of the restaurant, I'm still blown away by the kitchen workflow! And especially thanks for making our 10 year wedding anniversary a memorable one Jimmy and Richard!
Just came back from a great dining experience. Steak temperatures are taken seriously and martini's are generous. The staff was very attentive and they never allowed my water to get to the bottom. I liked that the wine was reasonably priced as many steakhouses overcharge. Definitely a safe choice if you don't want to travel to NYC for good steak.
Fantastic restaurant! Definitely on par with other well known steakhouses which I won't name. Let's just say Petey's got nuthin' on Jimmy. The entire menu looks appetizing already. Then, they hit you up with the daily specials and you wonder why they even need a menu? We only ordered drinks with our main courses, then dessert. It was plenty of food although I was disappointed because I wanted to try some starters. Next time! Everything was delicious, well prepared and presented, with a courteous and professional staff. We had 2 boneless rib eye steaks which sat on a bed of mixed veggies, bacon and a potato hash brown. Ordered rare to medium rare and both were perfect! Atlantic salmon came with shrimp, artichokes, spinach and white wine lemon herb sauce and was great.  Hot chocolate lava cake and a pair of homemade rice puddings with whipped cream on top was a perfect ending to our fabulous meal. Definitely coming back!
To All the Guys and Gals at Jimmys, I wanted to take a moment and thank you for your amazing service and of course killer food for my son's party this past Sunday! You all did a great job and everyone of our guests left happy and of course full! We will remain customers for life!
An all around solid steakhouse that has been around for decades. Classy old school vibe has you feeling like your eating in the grand dining room from The Shining (minus the ghouls).   Service is excellent. Bow ties and all. Gorgonzola garlic bread is an awesome app, and raw bar tower is reasonably priced. Porterhouse for 2 is a generous cut of meat, and includes house salad, two sides, and some damn good onion rings. Not bad for $102. Never overly crowded, never rushed by servers. Couple of small negatives: Lobster bisque I'd pass on. A $12 bowl of soup with not so much as one solid piece of lobster floating around. Last time I was there the steak was slightly under seasoned, a little bland. Expect a little more flavor from a dry aged porterhouse. They force you to valet, even if the lot is empty. Not that I really care, but the lot is literally 5 steps away...this isn't the city. I guess they feel it adds to the experience. Bottom line, expect a good meal. Bring your wallet, and your appetite.
It took me forever, but I FINALLY tried Jimmy Hayes!  Don't even think about NOT ordering the Gorgonzola bread appetizer.  Simply put, it's heaven in the form of bread and cheese.  It should be against the law to come here and not order this.  In fact, if you order the Gorgonzola bread and don't like it, you are not human.   I heard they don't take reservations, but that's not a problem for us because we're old farts that enjoy eating dinner with the cadavers before 5pm. The appetizer was so filling, we couldn't even finish our Porterhouse for 2 which was cooked perfectly (or lack thereof) rare with a cold, red center.  You'd be surprised how many restaurants mess that up.  I also love how the steak comes with a side and a salad.  Most other restaurants of this caliber are a la cart,  so that was nice.  We ordered a side of creamed spinach which I thought had been pureed too much and wasn't that great to be honest, I wouldn't order it again.  That being said, our waitress& the atmosphere  was great and everything else was perfect.  Valet parking in the front.  Gorgonzola bread is a MUST.  You're welcome.
Again Jimmy Hays has hit it out of the park. You guys went above an beyond taking care of us and our family at Mac's party. The food was amazing the staff is the best! Thank you Chef Carlo for keeping the food on point!!!
This place is stuck between a smith & wollensky's and a mediocre neighborhood pub (more mediocre pub). Overall I don't exactly expect a steakhouse to be a creative food place, but for the price of jimmy Hayes, I definitely expected better product. You can tell this place is a bit shifty with its approach to product and this is the primary problem. Good: valet parking available, old school steakhouse decor, attentive waitstaff, pretty good steak (porterhouse- crunchy outside, cooked to liking inside, though overall though it lacked flavor), garlic mashed potatoes were out of sight. Bad: bread cigars in the bread basket were microwaved (reuse of old product)$26 lobster Mac n cheese a disgrace (LITERALLY velveeta Mac with four tiny pieces of lobster), the house dressing is a mish mash of other dressings and not particularly good Overall the experience wasn't bad, but I will never go back. Bryant and cooper is far better in terms of atmosphere, approach to product and is cheaper!
My fiancé and I have been coming here for years. The food is consistently good and the bartenders know how to make a great cocktail. I started off with a Martini Colada and it was so good. We shared an order of baked clams and shiitake mushrooms as an appetizer. The baked clams are always great but the mushrooms were even better. They were sautéed with spinach and a delicious sauce. My fiancé ordered the Tuscan Grilled Chicken. It was served on the bone and had a really great tasting sauce. He enjoyed it. For an entree, I decided to try the Ribeye special. It was boneless and was served with a potato croquette and a mushroom demi-glacé. This was delicious. I didn't have room for dessert, so I ordered a limoncello and my fiancé had a cappuccino. Overall, this is a very good steakhouse with a varied menu with many options other than beef. It's on par with Bryant & Cooper and better than Burton & Doyle and Morton's. The only downside to this restaurant is the fact that they don't take reservations for parties smaller than 5-6. If you come here around 7-8 on the weekends, expect to wait for an eternity by the packed bar. We will return.
Ha! After He wanted to go there must we had a nice time there. Anthony the waiter was pretty loud and entertaining to some what ......But umm...im mixed in my background that is my question is that they feed the small portion of a salad small portion then boom a big portion of your main dish.....lol...my belly didn't like that so l didn't have room  for dessert but will be back;)..and oh bring a Cardigan Cause they do blast the A.c in there and get ready to stare at some granny London Pictures lol
On Tuesday I call to confirm what time they close on Saturdays , "be here by 10:45 kitchen closes at 11:00 " . Even though they advertise open till  11:30 on yelp and their own website !! Ok so My wife and I walk in at 10:30 , and we are told by a bow tied manager  " sorry we closed early !! Keep in mind there are 20 people in the bar 6-7 tables in the dining room !!!! Horrible customer service !!! I would to think if the owner was there he would not turn away guests !!! wake up jimmy !! Will not go back !!! We went to franks in Rvc , where we were welcomed with open arms by a very nice waitress at 11:00 pm and not rushed
This place knows how to cook steak! Big fan of this place. Great service and even better good. I recommend this place to anyone. Valet parking is key since it's on a main road
Great food, worth the price. Very large portions. Good atmosphere, would recommend if you're looking for a good old school steak house.
Great steaks incredible bread with melted cheese. They know what they are doing and do it well.
Great local Steakhouse for those of us on the South Shore! Fabulous Surf & Turf. Service, Needs Improvement. Not quite at the level of those famous North Shore Steakhouses. If you just want good food and can skip the crumbs being scooped off of your table by your waiter, or your table being pulled out for you by the maître d' then Jimmy Hays may be just right as your local Steakhouse.
Ordered a "ribeye" entree that turned out to be a NY strip.  When we said something to the manager, he said things like, "oh that must be the first cut," "oh I'm not going to give you a NY strip considering it costs 20% more," "that's my favorite cut when I eat ribeye." Would have said something to the waiter earlier, but he was gone for long stretches of time. Sorry, but there's no such thing as a ribeye "first cut" that happens to look like a thick, tough, dense NY strip.  Maybe when describing it in the list of specials, they should actually say what it is up front. Although they insisted on insulting my intelligence, they also did attempt to make it right by bringing me an actual ribeye, which looked completely different, by the way.  It was delicious, but the lies and the attitude made it not worth it.  $200 date night disaster.  We won't be back.
We come here quite often, never had a bad meal!  Service is second to none and although the prices are high, you get what you pay for.   Must haves are the lobster bisque,  creamed spinach,  whipped sweet potatoes, seafood francis, and ANY steak.  Love, love, love Jimmy Hays!
This is a fantastic place to go when you want to have a fun night and enjoy the luxury of quality food and service. You absolutely *must* start out with the Gorgonzola Garlic Bread appetizer, you'll be wanting to drink the dipping sauce straight from the bowl! We also had ordered the fried calamari which came with a side of marinara sauce -- this was probably the least appealing part of the meal due to the calamari being slightly chewy and thick. The service is great, the waiters are very friendly, helpful and will help distribute all appetizers evenly amongst the table. When at Jimmy Hays you must must must order some form of meat.. and I mean MEAT, not chicken.. BEEEEEEEF!! Yummy delicious tender beef. I have never been much of a steak eater before but MY GOD this was the BEST piece of beef I've ever eaten. I ordered the Filet of Beef Stroganoff cooked medium and it was HEAVEN!!! Really nice decor inside. Also, please come dressed up properly... don't wear a denim jump-suit or cargo shorts with a dirty black t-shirt. Seriously, some people don't know how to look classy. This one guy had his whole shirt riding up his upper body the whole night -- didn't even notice that his butt-crack and belly was exposed for a whole hour. Quite disgusting but also quite entertaining at the same time. Very pricey but very much worth it if you want a great dining experience. CopperCab says FIVE STARS!!!
New York City quality styled steakhouse without having to go to the city.  You get what you pay for.  You can roll the dice and hope it goes well at another restaurant in town for 30% less,  or you can go here, pay the price, and have a flawless memorable meal.
Went there last weekend. Sat up at the bar for some snacks and drinks. Really solid food and strong poor on the drinks. One major complaint. The bartender. He basically ignored our group and literally high fived regulars as they walked in. I understand that regulars make a bartender his steady money. But if you ignore non-regulars, how do they ever become regulars?? Also, and I've never seen this before, he was clearing a plate and took a bite off it. Maybe it was a regular's  plate, but geez. That's gross. To sum up, this place has probably the best food in the Long beach area, but they just need to keep an eye on the new customers, and make them become one of the happy well cared for regulars.
We went to Jimmy Hays on a quiet Tuesday night with absolutely no expectations. I knew it was an old time steakhouse but had no other information about the place. The restaurant is very attractive with dark, rich looking wood paneling and white tablecloths. My drink was strong and as I looked through the menu I said to myself that the food better be good because the prices were actually higher than the "name" steakhouses. ($48 and up for most of the steaks) Well, surprise, the food was excellent. A little quirky actually but better than most of the  "names" that I frequent both on Long Island and in the city.  Had my fillet mignon (served with crabmeat and a wine sauce) not been slightly overcooked it would have been among the best dishes I've had in a long time. One last comment - the french fries (included with the dinner) were great - best I've had in years.
I've been to Jimmy Hays twice and both times the experience there has been an eye gouging disappointment. The first time i went there i had their cheapest steak (not so cheap).  The steak was large, dry, and completely undesirable.  The second time i went i had their most expensive steak (at $100).  The steak was considerably better, but I would describe their sauce as movie butter flavored.  The steak was good, but the sauce literally tasted like they had swung over to a movie theater and drenched the steak in the cheap butter they use for popcorn.  It was depressing to say the least. I will say that the service was excellent.  The waiter was professional and behaved in a way in line with a fine dining locale.  The appetizers were honestly to die for.  If i went back i would just order several of their appetizers.  We had the garlic bread, thick bacon, and another item... i believe it was a shrimp thing.  They were all delicious and could have taken the place of the meal altogether. It seems that i am in the minority when i say that I have had much better steak experiences in the past, but i wouldn't go there and pay their prices for their steak again.  I wish things had been better.
Gorgonzola bread...you should probably just start saying that to the waiter before you even get to the table.  If you enjoy garlic and cheese, you won't be disappointed! Service is great, food is excellent and ambiance is very comfortable.  If your out on Long Island its worth the stop!
It is expensive place, but in my opinion worth visiting. Owner was in the restaurant to control that everything ran smoothly. I loved the soup and my steak. My girlfriend also forgot her cellphone at the restroom, staff gladly returned it. Our waitress was very friendly helpful and fast It's very nice  and has really nice wood panels on the walls. It's a formal place, so if you are visiting at least wear a polo shirt and jeans. Bottom line is, if you planning an event like a birthday or anniversary and want to visit some place you'll have a nice memories of, stop by this steak house.
Out of all the steakhouses on Long Island, Jimmy Hays is by far our favorite. The food and the service are top-notch, and we have never been disappointed by either one.  We have eaten here on many occasions, and will continue to do so in the future. I live for their gorgonzola bread, and they have the best onion rings I have ever eaten.  My favorite steak is the NY Strip, and the hubby loves their porterhouse.
Went to Jimmy Hays for a quick dinner after shopping.  We weren't "dressed up" so we opted to sit at a table in the bar and ordered off of the grill menu.  Elegant table settings..... Superbly professional waiter service.... thank you Tony!   Delicious food.... fun bread basket with four different rolls.... huge grilled chicken sandwich and yummy homemade fries.  Glad we stopped in...Jimmy Hays is not just for that fancy steak dinner....grill menu is perfect for a light dinner any day of the week!
I have been eating at Jimmy Hays for years.  I am continuously impressed by the quality of the service and food.  I always request my 2 favorite servers: Danielle and Corey.  Every time I go, it feels like I am visiting old friends.  The high standards set by the owner (who always recognizes me even though I only get to go once or twice a year) are evident by staff performance.  The prices are a bit on the higher side, but for what you get, you'd think you were eating in a restaurant reserved specifically for the 1%.  It is worth every penny and then some.
Overall its a classy steakhouse with a classic decor, photos with an old time theme and dark and inviting atmosphere.  I really liked the warm working fireplace in the front area and the adjacent bar was a nice size to have a drink while you wait for a table.  The only make reservations for parties of six or more and if you do not get here early then you will have to wait for a table. Now on to the food.  We shared the baked clams (yummy, fresh and large), mussels (fishy, large not very good) and the fried calamari (traditional, seemed to be frozen though).  Each entree comes with a "market salad" the usual lettuce, tomato, shredded carrots.  They bring a dish of diced red onion if you like to have on your salad.  I choose the house dressing, which is a red vinaigrette with crumbled blue cheese.  Very tasty.   Now this is a steakhouse and you would think the steak would be the item to order, but in our party of four only two dared to stick with the meat.  I had the Roasted LI duck which was boned in, served crispy with a raspberry sauce and had candied carrots, sweet-sour red cabbage and mashed sweet yams.  It was rich, the duck of sweet, but fatty.  A buttery side of sweet yams and overall the dish was successful.  The highlight dish was the lobster Jimmy, who would have thought that the lobster would beat the fillet, but it did.  Imagine over 2lbs of whole lobster, already broken up in the shell.  Broiled in a cognac sauce which was light and made the lobster meat so delicious.  Moist and buttery, it was meaty and melted in your mouth.  How I envied the lobster diner.  Now the fillet Mignon was cooked to perfection, one person ordering it Medium and the other Medium rare, the only complaint was the lack of flavor and juices.  The best steaks require nothing but the nature juices.  This steak needed steak sauce, which we had to ask for and I was a bit disappointed that we were given A1. I mean I like A1, but when I am paying 44.00 for a fillet I feel like I should have a steak sauce that is either home made or locally sold. Too much food, left all of us stuffed and going dessert-less.  They had the usual choices, cheesecake, apple tart, tartufo, sorbets, peach melba, brownie ice cream, etc.  Coffee was strong and good.  The service was alright, we were double teamed since one was in training, but they were courteous and at least were excited to talk about the menu.  I did not like the drink I ordered, it was way too strong.  I instead ask to replace with a glass of wine and since I didn't drink the other drink I would have thought they wouldn't have charged me, but they did.  Not a good way to get me to come back, but then again I won't be back. If I lived in LI, I would have to pass on this steak house, it was just ok.  Not horrible, not great either.  It is a bit pricey, too large of portions and has a real LI pretentious feel.  Nothing personal, but I'll stick with Austins in Bay Ridge...its local, a lot more reasonable and a damn good piece of fillet.
Great steakhouse with fancy decor. It took me back in time a bit. The wine is fantastic.  For an appetizer i've tried the garlic bread with gorgonzola, obviously a very heavy and rich dish.  Another experience I tried the steak which was out of this world.  Portions are huge, which is good because so are the prices lol.  Def worth a try.  It's a restaurant that you'll remember.
The food is fine, but I ate in better restaurants in NYC.  Prices are very high!!!  You can find the same or better food for much less!!!
Amazing. If you are looking for a fancy well worth the money meal with fabulous service dont look any further. Jimmy Hayes is just that and more. Ive never been to Peter Lugers or Ruth Chris and it doesnt bother me because I want to come back to JH anyway. Ive been here for both private parties and dinner on my own and I cant complain about either. For starters do not by any means pass up the gorganzola garlic bread. It is unlike any garlic bread you have ever had in your life and it will make your life complete with just one bite (though its utterly impossible to stop eating this). The gorganzola cheese sauce is just that, a sauce, its messy and gooey and coming from an OCD handwasher its worth the mess. You literally get about half a loaf of bread! It was more than enough for my boyfriend and I to stuff our faces and still take some home (microwave it for 30 seconds and its just as good as it was previously, I dont recommend it being toasted or heated in the oven because the cheese sauce doesnt work well with those appliances). Another great appetizer is the applewood smoked bacon. You cant ever go wrong with bacon- its thick sliced, two slices cooked to perfection with very very little fat on it (I disect all my food and I was very happy that I had eaten 99% of the bacon with little fat on my plate). You cant go wrong with any of the chicken dishes, I also had the pork chops (besides my actual dinner my left overs gave me 3 more meals because there was just that much food that I couldnt finish it... partial blame to the gorganzola bread haha). The chops came with garlic mashed potatos and a side of apples. My only preference (not to be confused with a complaint) would be a little bit more of a sauce with the apples to eat with my chops- however the apples were perfectly cooked and seasoned nicely, I just would have liked more with a sauce that I could slop up with the chops.) If you are a steak person just go with the steak. I've had the filet mignon and its ridiculous (I do prefer my meat well done, my boyfriend on the rare/medium scale and he was just as happy with his dish). Homemade onion rings melt in your mouth and baked potato is a nice size potato. The ambiance is very rustic but also cozy and impressive- bathrooms are cleaner than clean. Service from the valet to the host, the server and bus boys is fabulous. Do it!
Best steakhouse on long island hands down, ive been to them all and i really think the food at jimmy hays is the best. the porterhouse for 2 is perfect for sharing, ive had the ribeye for 1 and i loved it. ask for the potato croquette, they are amazing. the atmosphere is great, very lively by the bar but nice and quite where you eat. i love jimmy hays and recommend it to everyone.
Top of the line service, Top of the line food. Not a typical steakhouse which makes this place special. Also I am hearing about the prices being very expensive but they are not. They are actually on par with every steakhouse out there but the chef takes the food to a whole other level. Gorgonzola bread is a must as well as the shrimp casserole and warm goat cheese salad.  I will continue to go here since I still have not found a better steak house with so many different choices
