If I could give them a 10 I would!!! The service was top notch from the moment we walked through the door!  The food was unbelievable and the Martini's were delectable!! We will definitely be back!!!
Wow! I was really impressed by the food at Dario's!  I went there tonight with my husband and son, every dish exceeded my expectations.  My son had grilled octopus to start and grilled branzino for his entree. The fish was excellent.  My husband and I shared wild mushroom raviolis and a rolled pork loin stuffed with prosciutto,  fontina and hard boiled eggs. I cannot even describe how delicious both dishes were! Definitely order if available (they were both specials). We ended the night with espresso and creme brulee, also first rate. We also enjoyed the old world ambiance and solicitous service.  I can't wait to go back!
You want authentic Italian food with a cozy, yet elegant atmosphere? You can have it at Dario's! While I was expecting something a little more upscale, Dario's did not disappoint. Both the service and the food were phenomenal. The outside of the restaurant is very discreet. Blink and you'll miss it. The inside is rather small, but large enough to hold a few large parties. We were promptly seated. After browsing the drink menus, I ordered a glass of wine and my boyfriend ordered a martini. We were served our drinks along with a delicious basket of warm garlic bread and complimentary bruschetta. Our waiter recited some specials in detail, while even displaying some of the ingredients (like fresh tomatoes, mushrooms, fish, etc.) He then offered us the full menu to review. We shared: Caesar Salad for 2 (perfect amount of dressing) Fresh mozzarella with tomato and roasted red pepper -the roasted red pepper was a nice touch to the otherwise traditional Caprese salad Veal a la Dario (basically veal parm without the tomato sauce)-This was so delicious. Served with a side of mashed potatoes with escarole. Penna "a la vodka", or, how our waiter put it-"pink sauce with a touch of vodka"-I wish this was a little creamier Chocolate Mousse Cake-Way better than I expected, super moist and dense chocolate with whipped cream. We enjoyed our whole meal in peace. No one rushed to give us our bill. The only reason I am giving Dario's 4 stars instead of 5 is because it was slightly expensive in comparison to similar restaurants. It was definitely great Italian food, just not the absolute best I've had. Notes: They take reservations only 10 days in advance.
Went for my birthday. Must say for a first time experience I felt a little out of my element with probably being the youngest person by 20+ years in the restaurant. Our waiter was funny older gentleman. The food was good but nothing crazy. I did enjoy the Veal Chop Dario. The rest of the appetizers we ordered and dessert were good. The restaurant could use a little face lift. A Little outdated with the tables/chairs/decor. Overall it was pretty decent. No complaints.
An excellent Italian restaurant located in Rockville Centre Village. Probably one of the best (if not the best) restaurants for an upscale Italian dinner. I am biased toward Veal, so I'd recommend the Veal Chop; however, rest assured that many others consider the Veal Chop to be excellent too. The restaurant is quiet and has dim lighting giving it an intimate and romantic ambiance. It's certainly a place to take a date to considering Dario's also has a nice wine selection. Given the excellent service too, it's certainly deserving of four and a half stars.
This is one of the best authentic Italian restaurant in NY, right here on Long Island. The food is the freshest and if you are a veal lover , there is not a restaurant that prepares better veal dishes that Dario's! The wait staff are the old school guys that can recite all the specials with a passion as though they are cooking them themselves. Homemade pasta's ( little purses with meat sauce and fresh spinach) to die for. If you like fish they bring out fresh fish on an ice platter for you to choose your special. This is old school Italian and was very impressed and I don't impress easy. If you are a foodie and truly passionate about fresh quality individually prepared meals made custom tailored for you..... Run! It's a family run business that has it right , and knows how to entertain in their House! Ciao!
Dario's has been consistently terrific for over a decade!  I give Dario's 5 stars because.... !)The food is prepared and presented well ( it's delicious) 2)Service is always stellar 3) Authentic family style Italian fare in a warm and friendly setting 4) Decent price point 5)The veal is to die for Not much more can be said. GO!
Much too pricey and the attitude was sky high.  Small and tightly seated, as for the food, it was pretty good but over priced IMHO..  But I must admit, the food was good. ( for Rockville Centre).
It's been a while since I reviewed anything on Yelp! but this place is worth taking the time. It's hands down the best Italian food in RVC. There's nothing they won't do for the customer in that every single dish is truly made to order. We asked for special accommodations on the salads, no problem. I was specific in how I wanted my fish cooked, no problem. My wife wanted a special sauce with the pasta... You guessed it, no problem. Not only did they accommodate, but they did so with a smile on their faces. Our waiter had to have been 60ish but wasn't short on class and finesse. My wife is literally 10 days short of delivering our second baby so when a fairly "robust" waiter came by to say he had my wife beat on waist size we all had a good laugh. All in all, a great meal and would honestly considered returning for my birthday which is in less than a week.
I must start off by saying that this is the best restaurant in Rockville Centre. We've been here several times over the last few years and the food has always been amazing. The servers are always attentive and the restaurant could benefit from a makeover, but you come to Dario's for one thing and that's the food. I ordered an Asparagus dish that was grilled with breadcrumbs and melted cheese. It was very good. When my fiancé and I first started coming here, I used to order a pasta dish. Last night I ordered the Veal Chop Dario for the third time in a row and it was beyond amazing. It is a must order! I don't take pictures of my food, but I had to. It was so pretty. Whenever the servers rattle off the list of amazing sounding specials, I can only think of the veal chop Dario. My fiancé loves the Branzino here. It melts in your mouth. It was very good. He ordered one of their mushroom specials as an appetizer and it was out of this world. We didn't have room for dessert because we were stuffed. We will return.
As soon as I walked in it seemed as though they were waiting for me. I told them I was here for a 7:30 reservation and they didn't even look in a book or anything. They just knew it was me and I was seated immediately! That was the fastest I was ever seated. I went with my girlfriend for our two year anniversary and we both enjoyed it. The decor is different from other places. It felt like sitting in a living room. As a starter they brought us garlic bread which was really hot and delicious. Also, they brought us bruschetta and it was the first time I ever had bruschetta. After my first bite, I wanted more! I had the shrimp scampi and my girlfriend had the seafood pasta. I liked her dish more, my dish was delicious too but skimp. I was hoping for more than 5 shrimps. It came with a side of vegetables. Now I'm not one to eat vegetables by it self but they were still good. Our waiter was such a good server, I tipped him $30. He deserved it.
Dario's is an upscale trattoria that brings back the old-fashioned nature of Italian restaurants of yore -- what I mean by this is that your meal is going to take time, you won't feel rushed, and the entire experience will get you out of the digital age and into a world where going to dinner was a more leisurely passtime. The vegetable presentation was both humorous and odd -- gigantic mutant tomatoes and mushrooms looked like something straight out of Alice in Wonderland. The waitstaff is incredibly attentive -- we requested plain bread (in addition to the garlic bread, which was quite tasty) and all substitutions and special orders were accommodated without any issue. We started with the hot antipasto, which they prepared as a portion for 3 of us to share -- this included delectable items including: stuffed mushrooms, shrimp, baked clams, roasted red peppers, and eggplant rollatini. I went for the Calamari Fra Diavolo over linguini -- the spice level was perfect for me and I didn't need to add a flake of crushed red pepper. It was enjoyable to take a stroll back to how Italian restaurants used to be (before Olive Garden ruined everything), with a dimly lit ambience and well-dressed, older waiters taking good care of you. It's worth noting that you cannot make a reservation more than 10 days in advance and there may be certain seatings.  They offer valet parking, but you can park yourself on the street. Definitely check this place out.
Dario's is INCREDIBLE! Although I have only been here once, i am dying to go back. The Veal is incredible and so is the eggplant rolletini. Great selection of wine. The staff is extremely friendly and everything about this place is very authentic. My favorite style of Italian cooking is northern and they absolutely nail it. Check it out!
A small Italian restaurant with big-time popularity! I've had good, and even great Italian food, but Dario's offers some of the best Italian meals I've ever experienced.   We're talking fresh salads, fresh seafood, and pasta dishes cooked to perfection.  The finest ingreditents go into Dario's meals.  Fresh breads and little brushettas brought to your table upon arrival.  I had the buffalo tomato salad and fettucini with ground sausage, peas and prosciutto and could not have asked for a better flavored and delicious entree.  An excellent glass of cabernet complimented my meal.   Charasmatic and attentive service which would even make Tony Soprano smile!    Make no mistake - this is an authentic Italian restaurant.  Dario's, in fact, is so popular that I understand people to have standing reservations week after week to eat there; yes, it is that good! The only complaint I have is that Dario's is not closer to where I live!   Otherwise, I give Dario's the highest possible rating on Yelp, and look forward to my next opportunity to eat there.
I've been going here for over 20 years ,and never have they disappointed.  Chef Dario is a genius. The perfect meal for me has been an appetizer of his mouth watering Clams Casino (they're are so good I actually order 2 of them ! ) My favorite entrée has to be his unparalleled Boneless stuffed Veal Chop, simply amazing ! Matched with a stellar wine list ,and deserts, there is no better. Paul always makes every guest feel like family, and appreciated. Why go anywhere else.
I'm easy to please but hard to delight. I was delighted. Everything was perfect . Even the valet parking guy , Pierre was very nice.
Well, I'm just getting into Yelp, and that's how I found this AMAZING restaurant. I came here on a date, and the entire experience was exceptional! It is definitely a smaller restaurant, I drove past it at first, but it was nice that they have a valet. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by the owner who was incredibly kind and genuine, he really wanted to make sure you had a great experience. We were seated and our waiter came over and introduced himself to us, all of the waiters were older experienced gentlemen who knew anything you could ask them, they had a huge list of specials, which my date ordered one of which was delicious. I ordered a veal dish and it was some of the best I'd ever had. We were there for several hours and there was never any rush for us to leave or that they were trying to flip the table which is very important to me. The bill was not cheap, but worth every single penny. I love this place and look forward to an opportunity to come back again soon!!! Something that was just..nice was as we were leaving, the Valet had moved my car right in front of the restaurant and there was no wait for him to bring it around. Just a small attention to detail that was really pleasant!!
The staff to start is incredible from the second u walk in. Everything on the menu is incredible ! You can never go wrong here.
Went to Dario's last night with my boyfriend and another couple - it was mine and my boyfriends first time dining at Dario's - we had heard great things and were looking forward to dining there. The other couple we were with had ate there many times before and raved about the food as well as the service. Prior to dinner that evening I looked up reviews as I often do to get suggestions for meal choices - I looked at Yelp and saw the excellent rating and quite a few suggestions for the Veal Chop Dario (which my boyfriend did wind up ordering) - I always check the "filtered reviews" on yelp and to my surprise the filtered ones were almost all negative which I found to be curious (makes me wonder about the validity of this site sometimes) - but either way I became concered after reading them - mostly complaints about the manager/owner - which is a very big thing to me, if you treat me like you're doing me a favor my eating at your restaurant - I don't go for that. Needless to say - these filtered reviews were definitely written by crazies - this restaurant was excellent from the service to the food to the management. Everything was wonderful! The manager/owner (not sure of his title) greeted us, was extremely friendly - chatted with us about the NY Jets - about his daughters upcoming First Communion - he treated us like guests (as we should be) he sat us, the wait staff was friendly and knowledgable - very professional. Some of the filtered reviews also discussed high pricing. All 4 of us ordered appetizers entrees and desserts and at least 2 alchoholic beverages each - the check came to $280 - that's very reasonable - especially for the quality and quantity of the food as well as the service. We will definitely be back. I want to try everything on the menu!! I ordered the pasta special which was mushroom ravioli in a cream sauce - it was delicious - I also had the marinated portobello mushroom (clearly I love mushrooms) - also excellent. My boyfriend also very much enjoyed his veal Dario. I can't really find anything negative to say - but if I really really really wanted to nitpick - I could say this: The coat check girl was playing on her phone and wearing jeans (neither thing bothers me but it just didn't seem to fit with the atmosphere) and when the food was brought to the table they were off by one seat (my meal placed in front of my boyfriend and his in front of me) - seriously not a problem though - just everything else was so spot on - I was shocked that such a small issue was a problem. Again - that's nitpicking - other than that I give it 5 stars but only give it 4 for those two minor things. We will definitely be back!
I have been going to Dario's for at least the past 15 years and I think I can sum up my feelings in just one statement - "If I had one meal left on this planet, it would be the Veal Chop Dario from Dario's.
YUMMY! This place was amazing. I forgot how good authentic Italian food tasted but that's definitely what you get when you come to this place. We ordered the tomato salad, 4 cheese ravioli, scallops and as main courses the veal parmesan and chicken frances. First of all let me say that they bring out their specials precooked before you even order. For example, the waiter brought out the fresh fish of the day, scallops, veal etc.. on a perfectly placed plate. The food is cooked to order and then placed or deboned in the front of the restaurant by the owner. We were extremely jet lagged when we arrived here and still had to be on the phone for a couple of things. This did not go over very well with our waiter (I think he scolded us) but none the less just goes to show how seriously they take their food. Anyway, the pasta was obviously made in house and stuffed by hand it was delicious, the veal was out of this world.. very soft and thin with a light breading and the sauce was sweet and perfect. My boyfriend loved his scallops it had the right mix of garlic and butter it was amazing and actually came with 6 large pieces. The chicken frances was also a hit, the sauce was sooooo good we actually dipped the bread in it. I dont see myself returning to long island any time soon but this place has to be the best food I have ever tasted on the island.
My favorite restaurant.  The best dish there is the veal chop dario.
This is hands down one of the best Italian restaurants on Long Island and NYC would have a tough time competing.  The menu is inventive and the food is beyond delicious.  The staff is friendly and helpful and it all adds up to a wonderful experience.
I have been there for lunch a few times and I have never been disappointed.  Then again I almost always order the Veal Dario.  It is a tenter veal chop, pounded thin as a cutlet lightly breaded and topped with fontina cheese. It is heaven.
Dario's may not be your trendy Italian restaurant but with food this good it doesn't need to be. When you go to Dario's you're going there with one thing on your mind, an outstanding italian meal and a good bottle of red wine. The eggplant rollatini is the best I've ever had. The fish is always fresh and you can have it cooked anyway you'd like. How many restaurants offer that option these days? My husbands favorite is the veal chop Dario and he rarely gets anything but that when he goes. The wine list is very impressive. They have some of the best Italian reds available. They're also very reasonably priced considering how good some of them are. No restaurant can compete with the traditional and professional wait staff  at Dario's. This place is one of a kind.
Darios is the best italian in rvc. Actually, the owners are from istria in present day croatia but this was venetian territory for many centuries and is adjacent to modern italy. As such, don't expect typical neapolitan italian american fare here. Rather, the style is more northern adriatic and just as delicious. Darios is pricey, but their food far outclasses that of nearby competitors dodici or cielo.  Best of all, the wine list markup is one of the lowest I've seen so get a bottle or two! Highly reccomended!
My wife and I go to Dario's for special occasions - and we try to have as many special occasions as possible! The lobster ravioli appetizer with crab meat in a butter sauce is to die for - but my wife likes the roasted asparagus topped with Parmesan cheese   Dario's, the Filet Mignon is without exception the best meat I have ever eaten - I always get the accompanying  garlic sauce on the side and this has been my favorite meal at Dario's for the past year or so Alternately, I have always enjoyed the salmon with a lightly spiced white wine and butter sauce - in fact I will order fish only when I go to Dario's - other restaurants cannot compete when it comes to the quality and preparation of fish My wife's favorite entree is a veal chop topped with prosciutto and Fontina cheese with a brown sauce - or as she always says, "Yummm!" The staff is excellent and the service top notch. We love Dario's and whenever we have taken guests there, they have too - in fact, I took some European friends there last summer (and one of them was a professional chef) and they were extremely impressed Go to Dario's and you won't be disappointed - if you like top-notch food - it's not cheap - it is worth it though
Went here with two friends after reading reviews on the net. I think I've eaten through most of the Italian restaurants in Rockville Centre and so far this is the place that I've gotten the best meal tied with Cielo. The restaurant is small and cozy. We came in about 9pm in the middle of the week and had to wait about 15min in the bar for a table. A good sign. After a beer we were seated and one of the waiters came over to tell us the specials of the evening. It's nice to be told the specials as they are often made with the freshest ingredients of the day but the list was way too long. We were really hungry and not really up for sitting through 15min of specials. We had the seafood salad and baked clams casino for starters. The seafood salad was good but not great. The seafood was fresh and chewy but the rest of the salad was uninspired, some lettuce and carrots here and there. The clams were far too buttery. I love seafood and I like to taste the seafood. These clams were swimming in butter and didn't taste clams at all. While the starters were kind of a disappointment I am happy to say the mains made up for it. I went for the recommended Veal Chop, which really is a big oven grilled veal chop with baked vegetables. The meat was juicy and tasty. My companions both chose one of the daily specials, the grandmas' pasta with tomato sauce and veal meat. When asked they both though it was awesome and finished everything. I must add that the service in this restaurant is fantastic! We were well looked after without the waiters being intrusive. When choosing wine we were tied between two types and so the waiter brought us a glass of each so we could choose. We got complimentary after dinner drinks at the end of our meal. Compared to of all the bad service I have gotten in Rockville Centre Dario's really excel in this regard. Most of the waiters are Croatian so we had some nice conversations with them about the country having vacationed in or around the country ourselves. When we were leaving the headwaiter, or was it the host I dunno, came and shook us all by the hand and thanked us for coming. We'll definitely be back.
The best around
i can write a review about this place but i would not do it justice, lets just say this place is as classy as it gets want to impress someone? go there ! new girlfriend? take her there ! want to propose to your loved one? here is the place ! this is everything you want in a restaurant with class , the food is great the table side cooking is great the staff is great ! price? well with the service and food quality you get here you don't look at the price just go and enjoy !
Dario's can  compete with any restaurant in Manhattan.  The food is great, especially the fish and the "veal dario" special.  The wine list is extensive, and the matre de' Paul really knows his wines.  I've been going here over 15 years and what tells me that its a well run place is that the wait staff is always the same, each one is a professional.
