"Roasted bone marrow in Long Beach? Now I've seen everything!" -- some lady. Manhattan style dining and creativity is rare in these parts. Chef Andrew seems to be killing it so far, and his restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.   I know the chef's name because about 13 different people recommended I try this place based on his reputation, so needless to say he's a popular guy. We started with roasted bone marrow, veal meatballs, and grilled calamari.  Bone marrow was a great portion for only $8 and delicious.  Same could be said for the calamari at $9. And the meatballs were awesome. Next we had homemade ricotta gnocchi with broccoli rabe pesto and crumbled sauzeeeeg. That's not a typo, that's how I say sausage, keep up.  Anyway, it was lick the plate amazing.   We then, being the fat bastards that we are, had the tre porcellini brick oven pizza.  My only complaint is that I like when the prosciutto and guanciale get a little crispier, could've used another minute in the oven. Regardless, it was great. Homemade Italian cheesecake for dessert, with fresh whipped cream and berries...yes please.   Mike, our server, was top notch, super attentive. Wine list was solid. Can't wait to come back to try some entrees.
I like to give a shot. to any new restaurant with any ambition opening up in South Nassau. The food was fantastic. The ambiance was cool & casual. We started with the burrata & a bottle of red. Then had the wild boar & gnocchi for main. Not sure why they paired sausage instead of a veg with the wild boar, but I ate it all. The desserts were impressively presented but not over impressive on taste. I will be back to try the veal meat balls & the T bone. I would love to give 4.5 star but yelp does not allow me. Good Luck Grotto! P.S. $125 is not "pricey" for a couple to eat in trendy place in Long Beach. This place is a gem.
First and foremost, the ambiance and decor of the restaurant is very cozy and almost rustic...intimate. However, it's a little bit small so you are either sitting by the door or by the kitchen at most tables. Appetizers: We tried 3 (one each) - the bone marrow was very good, but needed a little bit of salt. The tuna crudo was good and had a really nice citrus finish...the pairing of vegetables with it was done very well. I didn't have the veal meatballs but I think that was the favorite at the table. Entrees: The four cheese pizza with sausage was pretty good (my friend had it). My other friend had the pasta with seafood (clams, shrimp,white wine broth) and said it lacked flavor and was just ok - but after eating it said that he enjoyed it more than he thought. I had the sea bream....I was AMAZED. It was done to perfection and delicious - I highly recommend this dish! Even the lima beans were done really well to compliment the fish. I would give this restaurant a five just for the entree. Dessert: The steamed brownie was good - served on a lemon ice. The panna cotta wasn't really creamy or what i'm used to, but i like the balsamic vinegar on it. Bottom line: The chef is VERY creative with his menu and pairs flavors that the diner wouldn't normally think of. This alone is impressive and is a reason to go back. Also the service was impeccable - our waiter was Lorenzo. He's great, brought out the food at the right time, gave fantastic wine selections suited to what we were looking for and checked in on us the right amount of times. Pricing isn't that bad. I say go, you will not be disappointed. (The bar area is really comfortable as well).
Really fresh, well made dishes. Baby beets and fennel was perfect. Nice size so much flavor. Then grilled calamari with pickled red onions and Farro. Must check this place out more and support good food in Long Beach. Bravo.
Close to the beach, so summer convenient. Lovely ambiance and atmosphere with recessed candles in brick wall.  Very nice and attentive staff from hostess to waitress to bus boy to bartender. Grilled calamari was delicious even better with the grilled lemon squeezed on top. Could have been hotter though. Margherita pizza was good. Crust was rolled not hand thrown so it loses texture. 1/2 chicken was good and came with grilled artichokes that had an unidentifiable seasoning. But tasty nonetheless. Glass of chianti pricey at 9 with a rough finish. Tried the Cabernet next. Had a smooth start and a rough finish for 10.   House made tiramisu was just ok (I make it at home so I am partial) the cookie and gelato with it were very good. Honestly 3 1/2 stars but would definitely come back as absolutely nothing was wrong just not perfect.
I had the opportunity of visiting Grotta Di Fuoco on its opening weekend and was more than pleasantly surprised. Dimly lit, the restaurant reminded me of the small restaurant and bar outside the entrance of the Frasassi Caves in Genga Ancona, Italy. The stained concrete floors and industrial fixtures evoked the sense of a mining atmosphere. At the end of the bar stood the brick oven, that remained as the only remnants of the Caffe Laguna, however, only in its role at the Grotta Di Fuoco has it truly been utilized and reborn. Busy, a business client and I stood at the end of the bar and enjoyed small plates and brick a brick oven pizza. We chatted with the Chef / Owner Andrew about his bone marror or gnudi with broccoli rabe pesto and were thoroughly impressed by the panna cotta with smoked figs and rhubarb or the pastry chef's olive oil cake with raspberry sorbet. I can go on and on, but seriously. Try it. Food - 10 of 10 Ambiance - 9 of 10 Parking - 6 of 10 (street parking is available, but limited) Price - Reasonable (Pizza $10-12, Meals around $24)
Long Beach native and foodie, have to say they did a great job with the menu. Went tonight and had an overall amazing experience due to the wonderful staff!  Started with the bone marrow, it's the first time I've had it so not much to compare too but it was delicious and I will try it again. The gnocchi is out of this world!!! The clam pasta was also good. I was lucky enough to try two desserts but the chocolate dessert was by far the best dessert I have had in a restaurant this year. I am very happy there is an actual restaurant with 'real' food in the west end and couldn't be more grateful that they put together a successful menu.  I am looking forward to returning!!
Well..... I am thrilled to have a 'grown up' restaurant in the West End given all of the bars and pubs dominating the locale. We walked over to Grotta di Fuoco during the late afternoon to inquire about reservations and take a look at the menu.  Menu seemed great and we were told reservations were only taken for parties greater than 4. Fast forward to about 7:15p where we walked in - as a party of three.  We asked for a table for three and were asked if we had a reservation. What? Make up your minds.  We were given this unwelcoming 'Well, we have reservations for 9pm --  not sure if we could seat you and get you out without rushing you". What?  The restaurant had no less than 5 tables open (all 4-tops).  There were three of us and 90 minutes to eat; if a rush was involved, then your kitchen needs attention. We assured the hostesses that we would be out for 9pm.   We requested one of their wood fired pizzas as a appetizer -- half plain/half topped. We were told they don't do that -- order it topped or not. Okay. Doesn't seem to customer friendly, if you ask me. The menu is interesting and certainly creative.  We ordered the gnoochi since we love it but requested a sauce other than pesto and left it to chef's discretion, swordfish and orata/sea bream.   Our pizza came to the table in a good amount of time - but the sauce was too sweet and had no flavor; the crust was light and delicious. Same for the red sauce served on the gnoochi - just needed to be less sweet and seasoned.  Both red sauces seemed to lack salt.  The two fish dishes were tasty and flavorful but both slightly overdone to the point of dryness. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate torte and the ricotta cheesecake. Both were absolutely delicious and beautifully plated. Presentation on all dishes was spot on. Service was impeccable despite the attitude with the hostesses (this is problematic as this is the first 'view' of the experience).  As mentioned in the first review - the decor is absolutely stunning, tasteful and appropriate. We would like to come back and give Grotta di Fuoco another chance, for sure.  I want to have the only upscale restaurant on the West End to succeed. By the way, the wine list was very well thought out.  Again, service was impeccable and the menu is intriguing; just think the execution of these dishes need a bit more attention and the front of the house needs to remember that customers are revenue -- not an inconvenience.
Honey vinaigrette salad was like eating vinegar.  I got the rib eye that was over cooked, gf got the pasta with little neck clams and she didn't like her dish. Saving grace is the bottle of wine we bought with dinner to share some laughs. Room for improvement here maybe new chef or line cooks
Still in its early stages, very nice menu, very good food presentation. Wait staff is still inexperienced, with courses not timed correctly, some apps coming out with entree. Overall definitely going back in a few weeks, im sure they will work out the service.
I went with a group of 10 people and it was excellent. We shared a bunch of small plates and got a couple pizzas and all the food was great. Will def go back, it's nice to have a good Italian restaurant in the west end.
Just discovered that this restaurant is open for business as of 2 weeks ago and have been there twice in 3 days.  The menu is innovative and the food is 5 Star.  Love, love, love the gnocchi with broccoli rabe sauce and don't know why any one would order it without.....and then complain about it!  Ditto the veal meatball appetizers....sweet surprise.  Can't wait to go back for another awesome meal.  Two things they might want to re-think.....1) the chairs are really uncomfortable and 2) the waitress constantly interrupted our conversation (4 at our table) and tried to rush us through our meal, from the drinks to dessert, while the restaurant had a number of tables empty.  Need more training.
Well after dining here twice since they have opened the doors, and I have decided to give a review.  Reading some previous reviews for this place may have you fooled.  Grotta means cave so expect to feel like you are in one, a beautiful, hip, fun one..First experience was my girlfriend & I eating a packed bar.  We experienced nothing but friendliness & excellent service.  Also got to chat with the chef/owner about the place & his food.  We were impressed.  From grilled calamari, which was the most tender I've ever had to a wood fired pizza with 4 cheeses and amazing olive oil, to a chocolate dessert cleverly paired with home made limoncello granita!  Strange but so worth trying, the combination is unreal.. Second experience we returned with 5 friends and tasted an assortment of dishes.  All in our party agreed, most interesting yet delicious meals we've had in a long time.  Ricotta Gnocchi & Pork cheek ravioli were stand outs as well as wild boar & some whole fish.  Also the bathrooms, my lady took pictures of the women's room & now I may have to redo my home bathroom!  Clean, cool  and comfortable restaurant. We just hope that it keeps up this way!
My husband and I splurged for an early Sunday dinner at Grotta Di Fuoco.  I was a little taken back by the decor; I was expecting cozy and instead, experienced an industrial ambience that was a little cold and uninviting. The styling is a little disjointed in that you sort of feel like you're dining in a mining cave with uncomfortable chairs and cheap wooden lacquered tables.  I loved the bar; perfect for a cocktail or wood fired pizza but be sure you know your drink of choice because there is no cocktail menu, only a wine menu which boasts an impressive selection. I loved the silverware and red and white striped napkins but again, throw in the cafeteria style salt shakers and things are disjointed once more.  We ordered 3 appetizers, the burrata which in itself was creamy and rich but the 1/2 inch tomato slice and overpowering basil completely consumed the small piece of milky cheese.  The tuna crudo was sort of smeared onto the serving dish and it was a little on the warm side and void of olive oil and salt.  The anchovy dressing on the Cesar was the best I've ever had; a must try! My entree was 30$ and left little to be desired. I ordered the wild boar scarpariello and although the boar sausage was tasty with a crunchy snap, the sliced boar was tough and overcooked and sat on a bed of sautéed peppers and onions, also void of salt and the cherry peppers that the menu advertised which would have added that spicy pungent kick I was looking for. My husband had the pork or beef (can't remember) cheek ravioli which tasted more of citrus than of rich succulent meet.  We ended our meal with the chocolate torte which was more like a brownie and the limoncello granita that surrounded it was not complimentary at all.  I had the deconstructed tiramisu which was a little on the dry side but tasty. The coffee ice cream was wonderful.  Our waitress although not so confident was very sweet and attentive.  We'll give this place another shot but 142$ for two people and I shouldn't have left a little disappointed.
