Expensive for the product.
Horrible, horrible service. I called this place to ask if they take reservations and the girl who picked up said no, BUT that she would take my name down and put me on top of the waitlist when I did show up.  I told her I was coming with 14 people and she told me not a problem.  I don't know if it was miscommunication or just plain disorganization but when I showed up the day of my event they had no record of me, ever.  The hostess even said that she was there the day I called and never heard anything about the situation. In retrospect, I should have taken down the name of the girl I spoke to, but I guess I overestimated this place. Luckily, my friends and I went down a block to a place called The Inn and the service there was amazing - they whipped up a big, upstairs area in ten minutes after I came to their doors freaking out because everyone was already on their way. Great staff, good food, good music, lots of room, amazing service - go there for a good time in Long Beach. Forget Minnesota's.
We went here on Sunday of Labor Day weekend.. walked in and the place is really nice with a big open dance floor and large bar. That about ends the good things about this place.. The DJ they had was awful! Any time he had a good song going that everyone was into it seemed to quickly change into something no one liked. He played for about an hour then all of a sudden he came to a complete stop and a live guitarist started performing. After an hour of the guitarist, the DJ was back and then again after an hour he stopped. It was awful and ruined the mood completely! But the worst part of the day was the douche bag bartender!! I ordered a beer, which I already knew was $6. I handed him a $20 bill and he gave me $4 change..?? He hands me the change and quickly walks away so I tried getting his attention by politely saying excuse me and I waved to him when he looked my way. Without even having to say a thing to him he rolled his eyes at me, walked over to the cash register, and handed me $10. Really unbelievable. ALWAYS COUNT YOUR CHANGE! These guys apparently wanted to scam my money and I'm sure they do it all the time. Needless to say I'll NEVER go back and I'll never recommend this place to anyone. I'm glad I got my money and I wouldn't want to see anyone else get scammed by their bartenders.
Great place.  I have been coming here for years.  Great food.  Great service, great bartenders.  Every time I go to LB, i come here, you should too!!
Who needs to go to the city when you have such delicious food at your fingertips?!?! Minnesota's  has such a fresh, fun, appetizing menu.  I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat ...it all looked/ sounded  that good! We ordered the Mango BBQ ribs which I'll be raving about for a while, chicken wings - another win & for entree I ordered the "hot" lobster roll w/ Jalapeño chive butter.... All I can say is HAYADOIN'?!?!
Mussels Monday! All you can eat Mussels, try the white wine butter. We came for the rave reviews on the calamari, however we got the plain fried calamari and should've be more adventurous and gone with the Shanghai Calamari. We will definitely be back for more mussels and calamari. Underestimating how much food would be there, we each ordered our own burgers- the house burger and the Madelyn turkey burger. They were both delicious. Can't wait for the next Monday!
Went to Minnesota's for the first on Sunday with my friends after a long day at the beach.  I can't review the food because I actually wasn't feeling well and couldn't eat but my friends loved the food.  Everything looked sooo good. The service was awesome, everyone was extra friendly and not in that fake way you sometimes get from people.  We didn't feel rushed and our waitress...I  think her name was Jess, came around just the right amount of times so she was there when we needed her but she also wasn't overbearing.  Very friendly.  The hostess was also very sweet.  I would definitely come again.  I have to taste the food!!   The bar looked fun too.
Terrible, overpriced food and even worse service. The bar scene is fun and that's the only real reason to go here. There are way better places to eat in the West End of LB.
This place is horrible!! Came here on one of the first warm Sundays of the year - and they only had two servers for the entire place. We were placed on over a half hour wait and 30 minutes in two people sat themselves and got service right away. Do what they did or else you'll be waiting forever. Or you can do what I'm doing and get frustrated enough to write a review about this place while you wait.
I had my husband's surprise 40th birthday party at Minnesota's last Saturday pm and I cannot say enough nice things about it.  The manager, Jay, is amazing and they are lucky to have him.  He dealt with me starting 6-7 months ago and delivered on every single thing he promised me.  The food was delicious and served in a very professional manner.  The entire staff was amazing and my husband went back the following night to personally thank the bartender.  We recommend it highly and look forward to going back!
Ahh Minnesotas, you have so much potential but never live up to the hype. This place needs to be divided into two seperate reviews: Food and Bar. Bar- The typical long island fist pumping, gold chain wearing, guy that wants to start a fight with you for looking at his girl can be found at the bar on a typical saturday night in the summer.  This place gets filled with people who drive to long beach to check out the scene- locals stay away unless you have a hookup at the bar.  The bar would be soo much better if they kept the outside porch open when the weather was nice, or if they had some better music. Food- This is a decent, I want to sit outside and eat "food" type place, but the food is nothing special.  Service is poor as previously mentioned in other posts.  The location is great, and is what keeps this place in business.
Leaving this place I felt like we were taking advantage of and went to the tourist trap of Long Beach where the locals laughed at us as we walked out. A friend suggested we go there after the beach.  The food was not cheap and it was average burger and chicken finger type of stuff with a few "trying to be fancy dishes thrown in" After a certain time it becomes a club.  We got their towards the tail end of dinner and the beginning of the club time. The club is a Jersey shore type of atmosphere with a snotty attitude from both the staff and patrons. The bouncers then become rude douchebags and told my friend who had been wearing a hat the whole time during dinner that he now needs to take it off. Then getting drinks became a hassle and the bartenders are more concerned with trying to look pretty and cool then serve alcohol. I have not been to this type of club in almost 15 years and forgot that they still exist. Sometimes I wonder why people like going to places where the bounces act like douchebags, the drinks are overpriced and the service sucks. But then again douchebags like to hang out with their own.
I like Minnesota's.  Let me just start by stating that. I like the setup, I love the outside seating that you have to wait 4 hours to sit at, and if I didn't have a girlfriend I'd say I liked the pretty girls that work there.  but i'm not saying that (yeesh).  Their dinner menu has 2 sets of entrees.  Rich man's entree (ranging approx from $20 - $40) with the finer foods like steak dishes and less-rich man's from (approx. $10 - $20) with high quality sandwiches and something chicken if i recollect.   I believe it was a fluke when my swordfish sandwich tasted like a fish had croaked 2 days before the fisherman THOUGHT he caught it -- but really it just got wrapped in the line.   I didn't send it back because I felt strange about the whole thing.  I am not a swordfish guy typically and I really didn't know what I was talking about with little to compare to.  I felt my expertise were not up to par to have a respectable request to take away the rest of this 10 oz swordfish steak and get me something else that's actually delicious. I do believe it was a fluke.  Even my parents go here.  It was my fault really.  I shoulda just grown a pair.
Hey do you like wannabe clubs with long lines outside with bouncers? Then this place is for you! But not for me... Minnesota's is Long Beach's answer to a "night club"...it has all the elements. The aforementioned line outside with a bouncer, the cover charge, the crammed in people and all dancing techno your KTU heart can desire.The typical crowd is jacked up and super orange tough guys, partnered with silicon injected and over made up anorexic gals. Oh and most of these amazing people are below 18...joy! I love a place full of jail bait that are too busy looking cool to actually enjoy themselves.Ugh...this place is embarrassing and so over rated.
I'll make this clear, I never ate at Minnesota's and I haven't been there in 8 years. So why am I reviewing it? Well, because I went there almost every week end from age 21 to 27 that's why. If you like a good looking crowd, beer, club music and an occasional fist fight you'll love this place. I miss it (not true) but I knew everyone there, it was my Cheers.   Getting old sucks, its happy hour and I'm typing reviews? but for some strange reason I'm glad...
came here with my cousin, who also used to work her. There were several ominous signs that led to our eventual departure minus food or drink... I guess the whole menu has changed, which she was not ethused about. The burgers apparently used to be amazing. I guess at 2pm you would usually have quite a wait ahead of you to sit on the patio, but not this labor day! I guess our waitress, all the other waitresses, the hostess and the manager (who we could see clearly standing around) were too busy to come over, even to get a drink order after a good 10-15min. I guess we just went somewhere else.
I've never eaten here and can only speak for the night club portion of it. 2.5 Stars, so I don't want to bash their food since I've never tried it. Ok, simply put.. Turn on your TV and put on MTV, wait for Jersey Shore to come on, now put on the surround sound turn it up too. Spray the room with soapy smelling, cheap style  cologne and  save yourself the trip. This is Minnesota's, or any other club on Long Island.
the food isn't consistent... get a pint instead of a pitcher.  the mussels are delicious when they are cooked we got them under cooked. better luck next time for us again
If getting dressed up like a whore and getting hit on by Long Beach meat heads is what you're into, then Minnesota's is the place to be.  I only came here because my friends and I lived down the block and our other friend bar tended here so we essentially drank for free.  We made the most of it and had fun despite the obnoxious music and overall general atmosphere.   When it's not pumping lame dance/rap music, they're a restaurant which is simply mediocre -- nothing to write home about.   I lived within walking distance, but the parking situation is atrocious.  Maybe I'm just bitter and jaded because I'm too old for this shit.  Good beer on tap makes it bearable.  VERY young crowd and you'll see the same Long Beach people every time.  It gets old fast.
I hate to give Minnesotas a bad review on the pretense it isn't my kind of bar- Minnesotas isn't a BAD bar, per say, its just not my style.  So I'm going to try and be objective: I've gone there during the week, in the winter, when the summer crowd isn't there for dinner, and the food has been okay.  Not good/not bad, but okay.  They have a generic beer selection, same with the booze.  here are my pros and cons: pro - sometimes theres live music.  I like live music con - there are a LOT of meatheads pro - they added a room with a couch con - meatheads and skanks seem to think its appropriate to hook up here pro - they have a big outside area con - the wait for brunch there can be long pro - when the wait for brunch is long, you can drink by the bar con - you might get too drunk to remember your food (maybe thats a pro?) so they have burgers and a typical menu - which is all decent.  I just think their drinks are a little over priced unless you know the bartenders.  you know the bartenders, drink vodka cause they'll heavy hand you.  I dont like meat heads, but if i was a bar chic that LIKED meatheads, I'd be at this place every saturday night in 4 inch heels and a mini looking for a 'gorilla' a la jersey shore.
Good time on a Saturday night.  $10 cover for guys and girls.  Good DJ spinning house and hip hop,  drinks are inexpensive, decent size dance floor. If you dont like it here theres pleny places to go to since Minnesota's is located in a prime spot in West End Long Beach.
Decent food... Impressively TERRIBLE service. I've lived in long beach for years now, and while the food at Minnesota is decent bar food (good burgers, avoid anything seafood related),  the service is so bad and the wait staff is so unfriendly and wildly incompetent that it's almost as if that is what they are going for.  Maybe it's the new 'restaurant chic.'  Who knows.   Let's recall the latest adventure in garbage service, shall we.... My wife and I walk up to the hostess and asked for a table. She curtly told us to "hang on" because she was busy gossiping with a waitress over some dude one of them had slept with (yes, that is seriously what they were talking about and why we were made to stand there). That went on for a good two minutes before she turned to us and decided to grace us with some respect and lead us to our table. Whatever. The outdoor patio where we were seated was about half full.  We sit down, peruse the menu and wait. And wait. And wait. A good 15 minutes passes, and finally a waitress comes over, clearly rattled and pissed off at having the awful task of waiting on three tables at once (the horror!!) and I tell her the beer I would like and request an iced tea for the Mrs. After spelling out the drinks for her, I tell her we would like to go ahead and order our lunch.  As I begin to recite my lunch order, our star waitress was already gone, visibly unnerved at having the brutal fate of remembering 2 drinks. So we wait for our drinks. And wait. And wait some more. Finally, a beer shows up (not from our waitress, but some barkeep of sorts), not the one I ordered mind you, but hey, Rome wasn't built in a day (in fact, it took several hundred years).  I would have complained but given the quality of our service to that point, I figured I'd quit while I was ahead, even though my wife's iced tea was still not there 20 minutes after having ordered it. When another waitress walked by, I asked for the iced tea to which she replied, ever so professionally, "I'm not your waitress" and then sauntered off so she could continue to aimlessly waltz around the half-empty dining area. Finally, enough was enough.  We had been there over 45 minutes and aside from some awful service, all we received was someone else's beer. I went inside to grab a manager, explained the situation, ordered our food and everything was out within ten minutes. It was good, but worth the wait and obnoxiousness? Having worked in, and managed, bars and restaurants in the past, I can respect when a wait staff is being abused and overworked. But this place was barely half full, and it is always like this. The hostess and wait staff is among the worst I have ever encountered and quite frankly, they are all lucky to have jobs in the first place. Only come here if you are desperate and have nowhere else to be for at least two hours.  Yes, I have eaten here before, usually at the behest of my drunken friends who won't listen to reason.  I figured that they were due to exceed my expectations.  In a way, I was both right and wrong.
I will never go back here again. The food is just so-so, but that's not my main gripe; it's the incredibly rude, unprofessional staff. When I asked the hostess (before sitting down) if they had any drink specials for brunch (which most restaurants in the West End do), she said they had $3 mimosas and Bloody Marys (which, again, most restaurants in the West End do for Sunday brunch). Imagine my surprise when the bill came and we were charged $8 for each mimosa.  When I told the waiter what the hostess said, he simply shrugged and said she was wrong.  There were no drink menus or signs anywhere saying the price of ANY brunch drinks at all, so why should I have doubted what the hostess said?  The waiter had no interest whatsoever in making it right, and insisted we pay the $8 per mimosa charge, rather than the $3 we were quoted at the door. This was on top of overall poor service when the place wasn't even half full.  These people are rude, don't give them your money.
Can't comment on the food..BUT FRI NIGHT LADIES NIGHT!! NOW THAT IS WORTH 4 STARS. Drink, drank, drunk. THAT INCLUDES TOP SHELF.. Tanquerey and gingerale anyone? DJ- Not that bad. Bartenders are quick, efficient and do their job!
Pretty good Gourmet food in a South Shore club with a roaring fire and huge sports screens in winter and pond and fishes, waterfall and patio in summer. A place I wouldn't go to on my own accord but in true LB spirit; the good ole' boys had been drinking since 1:30pm that Sunday-- I enjoyed my hot n fancy mac and cheese; shells backed with fontina and lightly with two other cheeses and breadcrumbs and Stellas. The N.Y. boys came around and cleaned my plate! Couldn't eat it all. I would have liked to be more ambitious but I had the holiday stomach, cold relapse, and nervous meeting people jitters. Megan didn't like her meatloaf sliders. Seems redundant! Chicken parm in fried wonton! I was two slow to try the Thai chk. Lettuce wraps! Service was nice; hence the "Minnesota" name maybe not typical LI attitutude:P My H.S. friend was swarmed by the dudes; mostly Long Beach surfers and the like!! I met a male stewardess, the country's #3 lifeguard, and couple a firefighters and teachers (my roots!) Place was pa-acked on a Sunday night; guess it usually is, but esp., it being Holidaze and big football night--re: two crushing NY losses. This is West Side LB and my friend said it is really not her scene, though I met some truely friendly people, many people looked kind of mean and on the hunt; the guys here looked puffed up on testosterone, the "hottest" girl from middle school was there (and looking the same!) and the guy in the wheelchair was getting in on two public girlie action. Regardless, the regular Sunday night acoustic musician Ricky Roche was truely an entertaining star and he would do wonders in Boston! Roche looks a little and sounds a little like overweight grey Texan rocker Daniel Johnston. Roche has a really great range, he sings the female and male versions, and he has an OUTSTANDING range of numbers; everything from Johnny Cash, Porno for Pyros, to fucking the latest hip-hop TI's "You can have whatever you want!!!" Even being out of my state, circle, and health, the night was complete when I heard a romantic country version of "Stacks on deck Patron' on ice And we can pop bottles all night Baby you can have whatever you like (you like) I said you can have whatever you like (you like)" Do you LBers know how lucky you are to have the Roche?! A LITTLE ALL AMERICAN AT MINNESOTA'S  AT LONG BEACH, NEW YORK, THE OTHER LONG BEACH!!!
It depends when you go; If you are going on a Friday or Saturday night be prepared to experience your typical Long Island D-bags & run of the mill L.I. sluts. Most of them in on fake ID's were talking 18-24 (but there always seems to be 1 creepy 40 yr). These nights I give it a solid 1 star, and personally would not bother anymore. Although this place is one of the best places on Sunday afternoons when Ricky Roche is playing. He plays acoustic guitar as if he had 9 fingers (on 1 hand of course).  His playlist always seems to stay updated. Hook him up with a shot of tequila and I bet he plays anything you ask ;)  The crowd on Sundays is older than their Fri/Sat's; 25-40 yrs old...Trust me if it is nice out (even in Oct/Nov) and its a Sunday, Ricky will pack the place out, 4 stars. In general; The Servers are pretty hot, however most of them would rather be out drinking then at Minny's working, so getting their attention might be a challenge.  The bartenders always seem to be on top of their buy-backs.  The food is pretty good.  Prices across the board are on par with Long Beach, NY.
Been here before on Friday/Saturday nights when I was a lot younger and I wouldn't be caught dead there anymore on a weekend night. But, Minnesota's is a great spot as your coming off the beach and just looking to have a few drinks and just chill out. Came by here a few weeks ago and had a few appetizers and drinks on the patio section, underneath the shade. Couldn't ask for a better way to end a nice beach day. Prices are good, service is fast and friendly. I'll be back here, come next beach season.
A group of us when to Minnesotas after playing volleyball on the beach at night.  It was on a Tuesday, dubbed Tokyo Tuesday by the establishment, and in addition to their regular menu, they were serving sushi. Although you can watch it being made, I am not sure who they outsource the sushi preparation to.  While I personally don't have any, everyone at my table who ordered it spoke highly of the sushi. There was a free bar buffet that just sucked.  It's free so you can't complain about it too much, but you have to wonder why a place like Minnesotas, that has above average food, would waste their time putting their worst foot forward. The bar service was slow, but the nightlife was definitely alive on a random Tuesday. Mid June.  A Coors light was $5.00.
Just like the stars say: Meh. The food was just so-so, and the whole place gave off a weird vibe.  What stuck me the most, however, was the attitude of the staff.  Not only did no one seem to care about anything, but no one seemed to even want to be there.  Having been a waitress for 3 + years, I understand that it's not a dream job, nor is it easy work - but at least pretend your not miserable to your customers.  I don't have much else to say about the place.  It was forgettable and way over-priced for TGIF-type food.  I'll pass.
I affectionately call Minnesota's "Minniehoeta's" or "Hoe-ta's" ... but only a few hoes frequent Minnesota's. The quality nightlife at Minnesota's has deteriorated over the years, maybe because their crowd has started to thin out. Drinks seem like they are more expensive in comparison to other LB bars (can only tell from checking my credit card in the morning). The crowd is definitely more Guido... not the typical LB scene. Centrally located right in the middle of the West End LB bar scene. Minnesota's is pretty big, with an outside patio. Awesome spot for Long Beach Irish Day. Minnesota's tends to be our feeder bar when other bars are too packed, sad to say. Their food is really good for "New American" aka bar food. I had New Years Eve dinner at Minnesota's before and although I don't remember all of it too clearly, I do know it was delicious. I would have enjoyed it stone sober. Minnesota's VIP section for birthdays is a ball, especially during the summer. You might have to take out a loan to pay the VIP lounge bill (like $15 a beer up there). Every VIP Minnesota's night has been one for the books. Their DJ's have been good and bad. Typically they play all current music, dancing beats. I really like that, but it tends to be a bit overwhelming for the laid back LB crowd.
I have been here twice and both times I have left quite satisfied. I must say this place is the perfect joint after a day on the beach :) On my last est visit I was originally at Jones beach but we drove to Long Beach for dinner because we remembered this restaurant and how good the food is. I had the mussels (large, juicy, and tender in white wine sauce)- They also have them in marinara sauce which I hear is great too. As an entree I had the Rosarita salad with grilled shrimp. The salad came with super jumbo shrimp! It was delicious. My friend had the seared tuna salad which was perfect as well. Both salads came with fresh and crispy veggies. However, what really made my day was their MOJITOS!! I'm a bartender and I usually feel that mojitos in the US are made too sweet but Minnesota's mojitos just rock!! Lots of lime and fresh mint-I am impressed. The service is friendly and fast, the restaurant has live music on the weekend plus 3 big screen TV for sport events. Two thumbs up!
Food can be hit or miss and it's def overpriced but I have had some good ones here.  Def one of if not the nicest bar in west end. Sunday funday in summer can't be topped
Minne - so went there when I was 21 - ta's... Who knew that the night club we've all had a miserable time parking near since we were 18 also was a legitimate restaurant?  Well, once you move down to Long Beach you'll find yourself staring at the menu with an "M" on the front, since it's outdoor seating is second to none. The food and service definitely ranks 2 stars, but I'll give the place a 3 since the atmosphere is consistently enjoyable.  Most dishes are sort of bland, and nothing seems to impress all that much.  I've had the sea bass, and an array of sandwiches - and have never been too impressed.  The brunch is OK, but strangely expensive.  You'd think there would be more of a "break" for eating breakfast at a place that smells like last night's beer fight...but I'd by lying if I said the omlette was bad. Now onto what shines - literally - are the three flat screens outside that allow you to watch while you eat.  You can fully watch the game as your girlfriend tries to tell you about her day.  Just make sure you position yourself right.  You can hang there for a while, but be careful of the late crowd...you might get danced right out of the place...
Dad & I had a late lunch this past weekend and decided to come here bc of their outdoor eating area. The atmosphere was cool and the food was good. Drinks are kind of expensive and small. Get their early if you want to sit outside on a gorgeous day. They also have a bar and inside dining area as well. We will definitely be back!
Beer on tap is great, food is great, outside seating is nice on a beautiful day. Seared tuna salad is my favorite!
Update- long story short it was ladies night and they took the special away early. Not good . Also it has a particular crowd. not the bars fault.I am not a picky person so if I give a bad review it's for a reason. But the manager has personally made it his job to ensure that we can discuss what happened. Kudos to Minnie's. Other restaurants I've given a bad review to have never reached out therefore....you get the point.
After a relaxing day at the beach  we decided to grab some food and drink. Being new to Long Island while driving on Beech Minnesota's looked nice so we decided to check it out. The hostess was clueless and we asked about certain dishes and prices and our waitress as simply o.k. You could tell she didn't trully enjoy her job (can't really blame her, who likes waitressing?). She did asks us a couple of times if we needed anything, but she just seemed like a robot lol. The customers are very well rich and snotty. Food was actually pretty good. So it's an O'K place, nothing special.
Mussels Mondays.  Minnesota's has tons of choices when it comes to their "all you can eat" mussels.  I had them in the white wine and they were amazing! Special starts at 4pm
my wife and i ate a late lunch here yesterday and this place has it all. we were extremely happy with the food, and service. looks like a great young single person hangout too. we would absolutely come back, especially for the BRUNCH menu!
Great spot for after beach food and drinks. Love the garlic wine mussels. Definitely a must!
Came here for dinner labor day weekend with a cpl of friends food and drinks were good. Ordered the korean chicken lettuce wraps, would've preferred if butter lettuce was used instead of iceberg but overall the dish was good. Their peach sangria was also really good but weak. The chicken parm dumplings were good too. I'm not a huge fan of outdoor seating but that night it was nice and it was enjoyable until it started getting late and they started taking tables away.
I have no idea what the night life here is like, you'd be hard pressed to catch me there on a weekend evening, not my scene. That being said, I like they're food. It's nice to sit outside and drink some sangria while destroying an order of mussels and raw clams. I like weekday afternoons, I live close by, so it's pleasant to sit when Beech St isn't being overrun, not that I don't appreciate the revenue to the West End, just saying. Service is inconsistent, but I've come to expect it.
we went for lunch at 230pm on a saturday. the outdoor area was pretty filled, which was where we sat. FOOD I got the caesar salad with char broiled grilled chicken ($15), and my husband got the lobster roll & fries ($19).  the caesar dressing was a little over-used, but mediocre at best. the chicken was WAY too charred, i didn't even eat it. my husband's lobster roll was one of the best i've had (and we've had our share in montauk, which surprisingly i didn't like as much). SERVICE in one word, sucks. our food took about 30-40 minutes to get to us and the server claimed "the kitchen got backed up", when really i think she just forgot to put the order in (when two girls who sat down 15 minutes after we ordered got their salads first, you know the kitchen didn't get backed up). overall i may go back just to try their 'sangria-swirl' (margarita on top of a sangria), but for the most part, the place is too expensive for what it offers (although other people's dishes did look pretty good).
Friendliest staff and amazing food. Lettuce wraps n lobster won tons = deeelish!! Did a promo here but would go back anytime I was in LBeach for sure!
I think their bar is better than their Restaurant.  The food was below average.  If you had a day on the beach and hungry, it could be ok.  Otherwise, go elsewhere.
The service at this place is so bad, i will NEVER go back! The waitstaff here are so indifferent to their customers that for the first time in my life (I am 53 years old) I left a 10% tip. Note to Management: without Customer Service, you have nothing! There are too many other VERY GOOD restaurants on Long Island for anyone to waste their $ in your establishment. Ive eaten here several times in the past year and the quality of the food and service has deteriorated.
Came here for appetizers and drinks with some of my girlfriends for Sunday Funday. We sat outside to eat. I was excited when I saw they had the west coast lobster roll (a lobster roll with avocado and bacon with Parmesan truffle fries). Of course, they were out of it. I went with my second choice, the avocado quesadilla and added grilled chicken to it. It was good. Not what I wanted, but didn't disappoint. One of the girls went with spinach artichoke dip and BBQ wings while another got fried calamari and buffalo. The BBQ wings had a lot of sauce and I don't really like spinach artichoke dip so won't bother critiquing. The fried calamari was good. Didn't taste the buffalo, but judging from the BBQ it's safe to say it was super saucy as well. One of the girls and I both got frozen margaritas which were good. Another got a mimosa which she was not a fan of because of the choice of orange juice. Two of my other friends split the guacamole which was okay to me, but they weren't a big fan. I've had better (more avocado and more flavorful), but I wouldn't say it was bad. The girls also split a pitcher of the white peach sangria, but they thought it was just juice and complained several times. Overall, the food was decent. After we went inside. It was loud and rowdy due to the football game being on. I've been here at night for the bar scene and it's not my favorite place, but it's good for what it is.
We've been coming to Minnesotas for years now.  Always a great stop for a meal after hanging out on the beach all day.  The food is standard bar food, tasty and hits the spot.
not the best of places to go to on a saturday.. music was totally all over the place which is not good. dj was screaming over the mic and 90% of the people there were clearly drunk. broken glass on the floor. at one point my shoe was stuck to the floor. not my scene.. wouldn't recommend to anyone
The food here is very poor, and definitely not fresh, the day after I ate here I got a really bad upset stomach, I had ordered the penne ala vodka with shrimps, and I have a bad feeling that the shrimps were spoiled or contaminated.  The service here was awful, I was by myself at the bar, and no one came over to check in on me until I asked the bartender to order, and until I asked for my check. I was very disapointed all around by this restaurant, and would not recommend it to anyone, or bring any out of town guests here either.  Don't waste your time here, there are definitely way better places to eat in Long Beach and the south Shore of Long Island.
A group of us had spent a Sunday on the beach and were looking to continue the fun at Minnesota's. One of the girls in our group had been there a year prior and was looking forward to having their steak salad again. We were sat pretty quickly for a party of 6 and our waitress was extremely nice and attentive. That's where all the goodness ended. Two people in our party ordered fish tacos because the waitress told them that it was made with tilapia. When they got the tacos, they bit into them and both of them felt that the fishmeat was NOT tilapia (it was way too fishy) and that it was possibly spoiled fish. When the waitress came to check on us, she went to the back and checked and it turns out the fish used in the tacos was actually bass. REALLY FISHY! so it wasn't spoiled fish but it wasn't what the waitress said it was (which isn't her fault by the way cuz' it usually is tilapia). Our friends wouldn't have ordered the tacos if they had known they were using bass in them. Simple fix but the manager on duty got asked to come over and what she should have done immediately was admit fault and replace their dinners with something they did want. Instead, she made our friends feel bad because she claimed it was really good fish! Furthermore, she didn't offer to get them something they did actually want and she didn't take the tacos off the bill when it came until we had to point it out to her. The food wasn't all that good and the service from the manager was so bad we were never eat there again! We felt bad for the waitress because it wasn't her fault and we were worried that the mean manager was going to make her take the fall for what happened.
