I've eaten here several times, and have NOT been disappointed. Gourmet Jamaican food done RIGHT !!! I've never tasted anything that wasn't better than expected. My wife just held her sister's bridal shower there, and they didn't disappoint. They were super accommodating, and really did a beautiful job. In short this is the closest to Jamaica you're gonna get in the States. Great food, great music, great ambiance, and great people.
I'm white and I love chillin at Dunn's River. Good food, strong drinks, always a cool crowd and it's over the top when they have live music.
I"ve heard about the place and decided to take my cousin there for her birthday. I didn't realize how small it was but the atmosphere was amazing. The owner is hands on and ensured we had a good time. We didn't really come for the food...we were there for the music and were not disappointed...it was awesome! We ordered fries and honey bbq wings and they were delicious as fries and honey bbq wings could be. I ordered the mango mojito and it was strongggg. Given I was the designated driver, I had to give it up before even finishing half. The owner also delivered on her promise for shots on the house in honor of the birthday girl! It was an intimate environment and all the employees were friendly and accommodating. No complaints at all... we really enjoyed it here. It was a mixed crowd but more on the mature end but we had a time regardless!
I came here on Sunday evening after with my boyfriend. I've come across this place several times while searching on Yelp and my boyfriend just coincidentally brought me here. It was a little past 7 and it was pretty empty when we walked in; a couple people at the bar and only two tables or so occupied. We sat down and had the waitress/bartender tell us about a couple things that were not available off the menu. Being that I've never been there, that didn't matter much to me. For drinks I had the mango mojito and my boyfriend had the rum punch. My drink tasted like juice but the waitress was not hesitant in adding Barcardi Rum to it which I greatly appreciated. We ordered the plantain and codfish appetizer and my boyfriend and I each had the oxtail. Our food was very good. The rice and peas tasted very coco nutty which I didn't expect. I was telling my boyfriend about how I thought the layout of the restaurant was kind of awkward. I couldn't pinpoint what was so awkward but it gave me a weird vibe. It is a very small place though so I can imagine it getting very crowded. Over the speakers, continuous reggae music was playing. All in all, our waitress was very sweet and as attentive as she could have been being that she was the only one serving. I wouldn't mind coming back.
I have yet to try brunch or dinner here but the drinks were absolutely amazing and the bartender was so very sweet and attentive. I plan to come back for brunch soon!
This place is sooooooooo amazing. You have got to try the oxtails and the rum punch it is to die for. I only been there once and I'm going back 2 times for the next week. That's how good it is. You have to go there
This is definitely my favorite restaurant. I have been going here for the past two years. The owner Naala is a wonderful woman. I have been there for dinner, brunch, happy hour, New Year's Eve etc. I love the food especially the escovitch wings those are heavenly (you have to like spicy). Also the drinks are awesome! The live music or the DJ are just great. I always recommend this place for authentic Jamaican food in a classy setting. This is also great for small parties but make sure you reserve in advance.
Rum punch doesn't taste the same. They lost their long time bartender. The rum punch taste horrible now. New bartenders are not personable. My husband and I were regulars and won't be returning.
This place is great!  Me and my fiance came here on a Saturday night and had the best time!  The food was great, the service was on point and the band really made this place come alive!  My first impression was a lasting one, I will definately be going back.
This restaurant does everything right. Food: 10, Drinks 15, Ambiance: 10, Music: 10, Prices: 10. The live band is great. I'm happy I don't have to leave Nassau county to have a fun Saturday night....
This place is horrible! We had a reservation for 18 people on a Sunday for brunch and it took 2 hours for us to be served. Dunn's River is seriously under staffed and the service was the worst. At one point, it appears as if the food started running out because the portions became smaller (we didn't mind because the food was just ok with a very limited menu).  The owner tried to make up for it, but it was too late. Her excuse was that they were just expecting us and "got slammed". How could you not anticipate more patrons on a Sunday? Sunday is a big brunch day.  We usually go to Henricka's in Rosedale, but we decided to give Dunn's River a try...big mistake on our part....back to Henricka's we go!
Named after a popular waterfall in Jamaica, Dunns River Lounge is a cool trendy looking place a stones throw away from the Rockville Centre LIRR station. The front of the lounge is quite nice with a couple of plush swanky furniture on one side and dining tables on the other. There's a small bar near the back of the place and tables are placed aside by the bright colorful walls in order to ensure a space for dancing. My party and I came here early on Friday night, when I was unfortunately dressed a little to casually in my hoodie compared to the other sharply dressed customers. Please don't make a faux pas like me and come in the proper sexy but classy attire. My bf and I shared this spicy shrimp dish that was offered as a special. The shrimp was big and spicy, but I think it was a little too overcooked and I wasn't crazy about the flavors of the marinade. Please monitor your shellfish-ignorant loved ones because my bf ate an entire shrimp or two with the shell on. This is not the ideal way to eat shrimp. We also shared the Spicy Curried Goat ($18) with a side of rice and pigeon peas. I would recommend this dish for anyone who likes lamb, because the goat meat had a very similar taste to lamb and it was quite delicious. I wasn't sure about the cut of goat we had but it was very bony, as in oxtail bony, and there wasn't a lot of meat available. The curry was yummy and the excellent rice and peas was very fragrant. I wouldn't recommend sharing this dish because as I mentioned the meat was scarce and the bones were plenty. If you want to celebrate a birthday, anniversary, or any other special occasion but don't want to coordinate an event all the way in the city, Dunns River Lounge offers to host dinner parties for groups of 7 or more. You have a choice of three different party specials that each includes a prix fixe dinner and a complimentary champagne bottle for every 10 guests. The Bronze Special is $24pp, the Gold Special is $30pp, and the Platinum Special is $36pp plus tax and gratuity. The lounge is chill, the waitstaff friendly, and it's one of the few places around the ares that serves Caribbean food. I don't personally feel a draw to come back, but if I have another restaurant.com certificate for this place and friends want to go somewhere that calls for a cool party feel to it I would come here a second time.
Came here on a friday night a month ago for my birthday, reserved a table for 8, at first I refused the party packages where they have pre-fixed menus. The owner I believe her name is Naala, called to confirm and suggested we try the pre-fixed menu as it would better acommodate the party. Once we got there and looked at the menus, we finally agreed with her..So glad we did. We got the Gold Special, with the salad, wings, & codfish fritters as starters..good amount for 8 people. And received a platter of jerk chicken, oxtail, & curried shrimp with a platter of both rice & peas & white rice with plantains. THE OXTAIL WAS OFF THE HOOK!! def thought the jerk chicken would be the main attraction but it and the shrimp were just OK, not spicy at all, and the jerk could've been more moist. At the end we were full and more than satisfied. We ordered drinks at the bar, pretty strong. Atmosphere itself was a cozy lounge, nice small bar, dj at the time played some cool tunes. Only lost one star from me due to only one server for a packed house, so service was a little slow. Def recommend the package if you go as a party, check this spot out just to chill with a smaller group still worth it.
HMMMMMM.... I REALLY don't know how to rate this place. As far as drinks and food goes, this place is GREAT! Music is GREAT! Atmosphere is nice. Problem: my cubicle has more room!!! Don't get me wrong, we had a great time! (even tho I'm a yankee and this place is OBVIOUSLY geared towards Caribbean folk) I just have a problem with someone's rear end by my face while I'm trying to enjoy my meal! They Could/Should/Would have gotten a higher rating if the place was large enough to accommodate the crowd it attracts!
While scouting out a location to spend my birthday dinner at, I yelped "lounge" and my hometown, and came upon Dunns River Lounge. This lounge is not on the main strip of restaurants and bars that make Rockville Centre what it is, and while initially I wasn't sure how good they did business-wise because of this, I found out this past Saturday night that this place gets HOPPIN' after hours! I arrived there with my sister around 9:30pm and it was sorta staggering. It's a small place with maybe 6 two-seater tables in the front and back, then they have a small area in front for where live music performances take place. The bar has two flat screen tvs overhead and track lights on the ceiling. The walls have a tropical palette to them, and reggae music plays softly in the background. The menu features varied alcohol options, appetizers and main courses, clearly labeled vegetarian or vegan for those with those dietary needs (that includes me!). I ordered callilou and cod, which came with two pieces of fried plantain on the side, and Brown Tofu Stew as my main course, which came with peas and rice, steamed broccoli, sliced carrots, and again fried plantain (not a big fan of plantain, I discovered...). My beverage of choice was a bottle of Red Stripe. Both dishes were pretty well portioned, and very good. I was already full before my food came. Note: The Rum Punch they serve isn't so "punch-y". I found it tasted like pink colored lighter fluid. Not sure what alcohol they used, but if you're thinking something sweet and fruity, this is definitely NOT. By 10:00, girls in high heels, dressed to impress were strolling in. Then came a drove of well-dressed men. Both groups crowded the bar and tables had to be pushed together in order to accommodate their groups' size... next thing you know a reggae band had set up and began playing, and I'm swaying to some Bob Marley covers having a GREAT time! I was fairly surprised by this place! We left around 11 and it seems like the party was just getting started! The food was good, but the service, while friendly, sorta started staggering once it started getting filled up. Apparently there was only ONE person working the floor taking drink and food orders, and ONE person delivering them. If you're in no rush to get somewhere else right afterward, and don't mind getting a little intimate with your neighbor and your seating arrangements, check this spot out. Good food, good music, nice waitstaff. Street parking only, so get there a little before 10 if you'd like a table to sit at. Note: They DO take reservations!! So for a party of 6 or more, I HIGHLY recommend you do! There aren't many Caribbean places around here, so stop in and show some love.*
First time here.....Delicious food. Great drinks.  Live band was amazing. Will definitely return.
Great food...amazing restaurant! Definitely a must go!!!
Came into Dunn's, the premiere Caribbean spot in Nassau County, for a quick bite.  Met some cool people and had the jerk chicken & shrimp pasta.  Excellent!  Forgot to mention, house band is great!
Loved this place. Went here Saturday with the bf and arrived at around 9:30. Not a seat open in the house. Bar was stuffed and dinning area was filled with pple who looked to have no intentions of leaving anytime soon... Annoying for us, but a good sign. The vibe in the place was very friendly and chill so we didn't mind standing and waiting. Turns out we wouldn't be the only ones. People kept pouring in and doing the same damn thing we were...another good sign. When we finally got a seat at the bar I was able to truly enjoy the place for what it is: a real gem; a spot to just sit and lime; forgot the drama of times past and have a "no problem"! Drinks are on point, music was even MORE on point, food smelled amazing... I can say nothing but great things about this place. Definitely worth checking out, especially for my West Indians just looking for a piece of home here on Long Island. Recommend!
I have not been here in a while and went last night with some friends for dinner. The waiter was really nice and very acommodating. The drinks and food were good BUT the food did take very long to come out, about 25 minutes for the appetizer and another 40 minutes for the entrees after the appetizers were served. It was not crowded at all so I'm not sure why the food took so long.
Great place to sit back and eat, drink and be merry. Food was filling and delicious. The shrimp and avocado appetizers was delicious! I tried the jerk chicken satay. It was ok, but a little dry. The jerk chicken pasta was great too. Couldn't finish it all so it was a good size portion. There is only one server so thinks take a while to get to you. But I must admit he did his thing handling those tables. Will definitely return.
Good West Indian food can't go wrong nice live band
the appetizers are my favorite thing about this place.  try the jerk chicken satay and the coconut shrimp.  I don't even like shrimp like that but those shrimp were amazing.  The drinks are SUPER strong.  I've only been on Fridays and the DJ won my heart by playing soca for a solid 40 minutes.  I've had the jerk pork, which I wasn't really a fan of, and the jerk chicken was just ok.  Drinks and apps are the way to go here.
Great Caribbean food and nice atmosphere. Hubby and I enjoyed the fantastic Sunday brunch for a great value.
nice laid back spot with good music and friendly bar maides.. the food is great i had the appetizers (pepper shrimp, side of rice and peas) it was great made me drink more..... i think on wednesdays 2 for 1 martini's.... check it out if ya wanna lay low and not be seen with the rest of the night life spot try here.......... quiet lil spot to get your one on one with your special someone......
Initially I wanted to love this place BUT the drinks SUCK! The food SUCK! The service SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food was tasteless and small, the drinks were too sweet, the the service was horrible but thought they were on point.  When my friend brought it to the managers attention, she just made excuses and took $3 off of the meal!!!!!!!!! REALLY.  DO NOT GO THERE IF YOU ARE HUNGRY, THIRSTY....AS A MATTER OF FACT DON'T GO THERE AT ALL
We saw an ad in a local newspaper for brunch and decided to take a chance. So glad we did. The food and ambiance are wonderful. It's a fun place and we felt welcome. There were 12 of us and we brought two birthday cakes.  All was accomodated.  The fact that it was Sunday brunch and not during the dinner period might have helped. The owner stopped by and greeted us. We did not feel rushed.  A good time was had by all!
