Friendly, easy going atmosphere where every single person there is friendly.  As former residents of this town, and after Sandy, a lot has changed.  BUT Nolans' still has that small neighborhood feel, where everyone knows you and welcomes you with a hug.  If you want reasonable prices and good conversation...this is the place. We will be back.
OH Nolan's.  Before good old sandy , I lived a short bike ride away from here. This is definitely NOT the place to go if you are looking to meet any one.  The first time i came here, I was by far the youngest person here.  It was full of local drunks, which is totally fine with me, but be warned it may not be your scene. They serve liquor out of small plastic cups.  Drinks are pretty strong and cheap though.  My friend & I would come here once in a while when we weren't in the mood to really go out, but just to grab a drink and either play pool or that game where you find the differences on the naked ladies (any one?...)  The game machine drowned in sandy unfortunately. I just came in here last weekend, and in addition to the local drunks...there were actually a group of young people here!! And attractive ones!! Weird.  We didn't even know what to do.  I didn't shower before I came because you just KNOW you will have no one to impress at Nolan's.  Maybe it was more crowded because it was labor day weekend, or maybe this will be the new LB hotspot!!
There's a very relaxed feeling at Nolan's. Not somewhere that you have to get all dressed up or fancy. Everyone in there gets along, and from the second you enter you feel like you fit right in. Open late, which is why I love to stop here at the end of the night. Low prices make it perfect to hang out with some friends and enjoy the night. Definitely a favorite spot of mine. Even when I don't feel like going out, this place I make an exception for.
I'd like to refute the review the other "lady" wrote regarding this bar. 1. I don't go to bars looking for hook ups, free food, or lice (the first one I'm sure not to find here, the last one, without a doubt) 2. My last favorite bar in Long Beach was Reilly's.  A real dive bar. 3. Yelp is opinion based. If you don't agree with mine, that's okay - even encouraged.  If I'm wrong I'm more than happy to admit it, however, it's not appropriate to cheap shot my character because you disagree. You don't want me to judge you, do you?   4. Don't refer to my friend and I as "idiots", that's just rude.
I was sad to find out that this place is as bad as I heard!! I was so excited to perhaps find a dive-y place to go to with my girl JoJo from time to time, but dive isn't even the word.   First of all let's talk about the Friday buffet: One Crock Pot filled with what looks like Progresso Soup Ritz Crackers A giant container of black pepper All 7-10 of the patrons seemed to be okay, except for the woman dressed up as the Cat in the Hat.  I could have lived without that. And sadly, this dive does not offer Bud heavy on tap... or any beer on tap for that matter.  If you're going to be a dive bar, go big or go home!   And in our case... we went home!   I'm sorry, Nolans!  I wanted you to be great, local dive!  :(  It's sad for both of us! Cheers!!
What a fantastic place! The drinks are cheap and flow steadily from the able hands of the take-no-shit female bartenders who, I'm sure, have seen some shit in this place. People on here whining about the "scary" locals and making up bullshit insect infestations should be ashamed of themselves. Everyone in here was super friendly and even bought me a couple of drinks. Played a couple games of pool, drank some bud cans, and did whiskey shots with some affable drunks. Don't get it twisted - this is a dive bar - as another reviewer wisely stated - it is NOT an "ironic dive bar" like you might find in Brooklyn - in fact, irony does not exist here. This is where irony comes to die. If you are in Long Beach - especially if you are visiting from the city - check this place out. This wonderful type of establishment has long been priced out of the city and replaced - check your arrogant attitude, snark, and holier-than-thou attitude at the door and enjoy.
LOL @ the 1-star reviews, give me a can of Coors Light at Nolan's any day, I think you have to be a local from this neighborhood or else you just won't get it and leave the Crockpot alone it's Irish Cholent and it's awesome. Feeling homesick and bumping this to 4 after I read Jackson's review.
The worst.  and I LOVE dive bars,  but this place somehow manages to not even be a good dive bar.  just horrible.  you are better of staying home and drinking.
Long Beach is a sea farers delight, but ye pirates best seek refuge elsewhere lest they want to end up in Davey Jones' locker.  Beware the crock-pot.
Best bar in Long Beach.  Juke box needs updating though.
This bar is quintessentially long beach.  I stumbled into here late night with a friend after being invited by another group of people, and all I can say is what a great time.  It doesn't attract the proverbial Dennis the Mennace type wash outs but rather a group of people who have weathered the storm time after time and seem to have had fun while doing it.  With that being said, if you are not ready to engage in discourse tantamount to Clint Eastwood and his barber in Gran Torino, this place is most definitely not for you.  Be ready to be challenged, harangued, and prodded; but what fun would a local bar be without an initiation of sorts.  In terms of the ambiance, this place feels more like your living room than a dive bar and a testament to this is the fact that they serve all their beers in cans.  It is cash only although there is an antiquated machine where you swipe your debit card and can get a tab at the bar.  The fact that this machine never seems to work yet everyone attempts to use it (drunkenly) only adds to the mystique of this establishment.  If you are looking for an unpretentious and alcohol fueled bacchanalia, Nolan's is most definitely the way to go.  If you want to fist pump and wear your Armani slippers and use your dads credit cards to buy magnums of Grey Goose; stay away.
