Fun spot to stop at while in Long Beach. Service at the bar is very efficient and prices seem pretty reasonable.
Nice place to hang out.  The beer on tap is good as well as the bartender service.  On TV they were showing ESPN as well as video highlights from world famous surfers from all over the world. Good location on W Beech Street and what I love they have bike racks for all of you that ride your bikes around LB or elsewhere. I would come by again to try their food.
Nice atmosphere outside.  Food is just ok, at least what my boyfriend I ordered.  We ordered the rigatoni ala vodka,  bad idea since it's a bar, but we were hungry.  We also ordered the Tex-Mex chicken which was drizzling in cheese.  If I would have known it was that cheesy I probably wouldn't have ordered it. We saw a few salads on other tables and the sampler appetizer, those looked good. The Pina Colada and the Mango Margarita were fantastic. I'd def go back for drinks and salads.  Another fun bar in Long Beach for sure!
Dear Saloon, I only like you under these optimal conditions: 1. I'm hammered 2. Its nice outside, the patio isn't packed and there is a baseball or football game on that I want to watch 3. You aren't too crowded 4. I know one of the bartenders working here I think its mostly cause I run into too many people I know (and don't like) at this bar.  Foods decent...beer is beer.  They have a nice dart board but if there are too many people around you obvi can't play (and if your aim is as bad as mine, you should never play or ask everyone to clear that corner) On the bright side, my boy knows a bartender here and they hook us up.  They also didn't get mad when his girl was less than sober here last year, so thats dope.
I came here with my family for dinner.  We ordered the appetizer sampler that has spring rolls, wings, potato skins.  The potato skins were okay, spring rolls tasted like they were triple fried.  The wings were pretty decent, if I ever come back I would get that as my entree.  We also had the guacamole which was gross, wayyy too much lime.   I had a burger with bacon, cheese and onions.  The burger was fine and was cooked a perfect medium rare.  I have no idea what this place is like for hanging out as I just went there for dinner.   The lighting was pretty bad in the back.  I felt like I was under a spot light.  Also, the fake candles on the tables are terribly tacky.  I certainly am in no rush to come back.
Band on a Friday was great but the bartender was a bit uneducated about beers other than bud/bud light. If you want good music and basic drinks, come here.  Other than that, stay away.
Hmmmm Saloon.  Your food is OK, just OK.  I'm sorry but I just prefer the food at The Inn to yours.  Loud music with people putting their drinks on my table while I try to eat.  Mehhhh, no thank you.
The Saloon is the black sheep of Long Beach; it just doesn't seem to be able to make the leap from b@stard child to tolerated step-daughter.  I don't know why.  The food is good.  The beer is cold.  It's not expensive and there's never a cover.
We were in town for the funeral of Billy Quick...Came in here with a huge group of guys from his old engine house! The food and drinks were fantastic...service was the very best and all of the patroons were so much fun...great hang out!
Very impressed with this bar and restaurant great Food, Service and Frozen Margaritas. To get this altogether on memorial weekend was great as we had bad experiences in other nearby bar previous to that. We spoke to their manager Gaye who was very efficient and hospitable.
I haven't walked out of many bars in my life, but yesterday called for it. We walked into this place on the Sunday before Labor Day, so yes, it was expected to be crowded.. but this place was just overly obnoxious. There was singing and clapping and tambourines and loud music and old women and men and young women and men ... the bar was impossible to get to ... it was expensive... everything about this place made my skin crawl. My friends all got drinks - I opted to go right back outside. I see no reason to come here ever again.
Ya know, the food here is actually much better than I expected.  The service is always really good.  I like it for a mid-week evening or daytime visit.  The Saloon can get a crowd that isn't for me and get really packed on a Saturday night which is why I try to avoid going on weekend nights, but other than that - I really enjoy it!
One of the better bars in Long Beach. Great selection of beers on tap and a good sized location. Great bartenders when I visited this location last fall. We showed up right after a Halloween party and the place seemed to empty out a little, but still had a decent crowd. Good times, great location right by the beach. Go here for good drinks in a nice part of the Island.
First time in Long Beach.  First time in The Saloon.  If I were to live in the neighborhood this would easily be my little after work hang out.  The people are nice and the atmosphere perfect for having a beer, watching tv or socializing.  Wings are rad!
Good place to grab a drink, and buy backs!  Just far away from most of the other bars but better in my opinion.  They don't allow drinks outside by the side at night but that's my only issue. We will be back and the owner was there drinking which I have to say was a nice feeling that he's not just collecting the cash and leaving.
This is quite possibly the worst food we've had in any recent memory.  And that is incredibly disappointing given the really nice atmosphere and really great live singer/guitar player while we were there.  The food both tasted and smelled bad.  There was a problem with my initial order having some mystery non-food substance in it, but it otherwise smelled really nasty.  They were really nice about handling it and bringing me something else, but the something else wasn't much better. Great place for beers and a great atmosphere, but not a great place for food.
cool ambiance and ppl service is great!
