Shame on me for not writing this review sooner.  Lucky Finds is pretty awesome.  Store is very organized, clean, nicely lit and chock full of great statement pieces and well as classic items you will wear forever.   It's great to find garments in season and at great prices. Lucky Finds won't disappoint! And, the owner is quite charming and very involved -- uber-important for a small town business where the owner who connects with their community and clientele. Make a point to stop in here.  You'll thank me!
One of the best consignment shops around.  Hell, they were just voted best consignment shop on LI so they must be doing something right! The lady at the register (who I am guessing is the owner) was very nice and helpful.  They give you a Tootsie Pop with a link to their FB page, too!  They have a wide selection of bags, clothing, and jewelry.  I especially liked the accessories section.  Overall, it's a great shop.  While on the small side, it still manages to pack various items with something for everyone.
I love stores that are personal and not 'big box' stores. The owner Shannon is super nice from the get-go, the kind of person where you walk in and ask if she has something and she'll show you what she's got, but then leave you alone to browse (or make recommendations, if that's what you want).   Nice selection of clothing, laid out in a very nice, orderly, clean fashion. Super cute shoes & bags of every kind (lots of Coach, LV, etc.).  Several racks of fancy dresses, in case you've got somewhere to go and don't want to break the bank on new duds. Also accessories like jewelry, scarves and fluffy furry bits during the cold weather. I've found quite a few things here, as have my girlfriends who I've brought along with me at times. And when she's having a sale,  it's really a SALE!
I found some great gear at Lucky Finds an adorable consignment shop in the Village of Rockville Center. Cute stuff and reasonable, I love my Buffalo jeans for $29, an adorable short sleeve wool number for $24 and a fitted long black tee for $14. Pink interior and friendly owner make this place a fun shop and must stop!
This place is great!  I stopped in while taking a walk on a sunny day not expecting to buy anything and came out with 4 new items.  The owner is extremely nice, she makes you feel welcome when you come in but also leaves you alone to look around.  The prices are reasonable for a designer boutique and the service can't be beat.  I found a great top to wear with leggings but the belt loop for the tie was broken, the owner apologized and had her mother who was in the store sew it up for me so that it was like new.   Definitely check this place out if you're in RVC.
This is a great little consignment shop. It's very clean and the owner sells great quality used designer merch. Everything is in good condition and the owner won't take anything for consignment unless it's in good condition. If I stopped in Rockville Centre more often I would definitely stop here more. The owner is so friendly and the shop is so great. I bought a shirt here for a steal $5 and I still have it and dig it very much.
I had parked at a meter right  in front of Lucky Finds while doing errands today. The window caught my eye, so I wandered in. This is a well thought out and quality high end consignment shop. Items are grouped together : pants, sweaters, evening wear etc. As soon as I walked in I noticed a "like new" pair of black Justin lizard cowboy boots and tried them on and after purchasing then, wore them right out !!! I especially noticed a great tartan plaid Ralph Lauren snow jacket and pants...very cool. If you are a size 5 or so there is a gorgeous pair of brown Uggs with a zipper up the whole back...really nice. The owner is welcoming and knowledgable about her fashion. Great black dresses and shoes and costume jewlery .....worth a trip for sure.
Great store with fashion flair! From the shoes to the coats there is something for everyone. I really enjoyed my visits and the friendly small talk. I was able to find a beautiful pair of leather gloves for myself  and gifts for friends. Do your holiday shopping for a unique and fashionable gift!
So happy to have a high end consignment shop in our area.This shop is stylish and clean and you can tell the owner puts thought into what is sold in her shop.Have walked out with some really great items and her pricing is really fair for the quality of the items.It's worth the trip if your not from the neighborhood.
