Yeah, it's a mall.  Get over it.  If you don't like malls, you won't like Roosevelt Field.  So why bother reviewing it?  Presumably you review things in relation to other things.  But if you just hate malls, then what's the point? I used to hate malls too, back when I thought it was "cool" to have to take the subway 10 stops and then walk 3 blocks in the rain if I wanted to, for instance, buy a hot dog and then buy a pair of shoes.  In my old age (30's!) I now realize how ridiculous that mentality is.  Convenience is not a trait deserving of derision.  Convenience is good.  Ergo, malls are good.  In theory, at least.  Not always in practice. Roosevelt Field is one of the nicer malls in the world.  And I've been to a lot of malls.  Oh, it's no "Mall at Short Hills" (look it up), but it's pretty good.  There are leather couches to lounge in on the marble floors.  That's not something you see in a lot of malls.  There are a lot of high end stores, and of course all the standard mall stores you expect to find.  Pretty much everything is here, in an environment that's exceedingly pleasant. If you go on weekdays, anyway.  On Saturdays, I can't bear to be in there more than 15 minutes.  Roosevelt Field's problem is that it's too big (I believe the largest mall in New York State) and too jammed with stuff.  Like most malls these days, it crams all sorts of crap into the middle of the walkways - including stuff you'd expect to see real storefronts for in other malls (like Starbucks!).  Having so many stores attracts a LOT of people, and having so little usable walking area makes it really annoying just to get around.  It's like trying to walk through Times Square. On a weeknight, though, it's like a totally different place.  Very quiet, very open and airy.  That's when I try to go.
OK, it is what it is: A giant mall. Criticize it if you want but seriously, what do you expect it to be? I've been there but my visits are few and far between. One thing that I've noticed in the last few years is that regular-priced shops have been disappearing and they've been replaced by high-end shops, so this mall is getting more and more expensive. Check the Simon website to see if they have stores that you want. Watch out at night; the place has more crime than they admit. Car theft is probably the biggest issue but mugging is there also. There is security and you do see them around but the place is just too big.
I am a big fan of Roosevelt Field which is part of Simon Mall. I am a male to female transgender and I have never had any problems presenting as Emily. I enjoy shopping and buying pretty clothes. I had my first outing several years ago at the Roosevelt Field Mall which was not successful as I was read by teenage girls and was nervous so I left. Now that is a distant memory as I am now Emily on each outing and I am passing well as a female. I also bring my son to buy him his back to school clothes and we always go to the food court and FYE which is my son's obsession as he is autistic while my obsession is dresses where I shop at Macy's, JC Penney's, Ann Taylor, The Loft and Victoria's secret. My son also likes Radio Shack, Gamestop, FYE, Disney store, Hagen Dazz, Lindt chocolates, Dylan's candy bar (which I believe is now closed)  and the foodcourt. I also love to relax and get a bite to eat at the foodcourt and check out the latest dvds/blu-rays and music releases. The Steiner Sports I like when a former athlete visits to sign pics and/or books. Emily
I have been coming here since I was a young child.  What can I say....this mall for me is filled with so many memories: I got my ears pierced here, had holiday pictures taken here as a child; point blank this is the mall I reside to "when in doubt".  Not like the other surrounding malls that I have also been too (Green Acres and Queens Center) Roosevelt field is a larger, more complex mall.  With a Mix of high end retails, and your typical range of working class stores such as the JCpenny type, you can pretty much find whatever you are in search of.  Major department stores, a pet store, food court, burger king, a movie theater...what more could you possibly need?  Maybe an amusement park!
I enjoy this place. When I was young and didn't have a car it was treat to come here all the way from Queens. When I got older I worked at the H&M from the grand opening all the way til 2003.  Loveeee the Auntie Annes Pretzels right across from H&M. Good memories I must say. I still venture out with my husband every so often I like most of the stores and most of all the Sephora which Queens Center Mall doesn't have.
Ok,so the great thing about this mall is they have tons of stores and a variety of food choices at their food court. The negative aspects however is that everyone and their mother visits this mall and the parking is a nightmare. Even in April you can't shop leisurely on a Saturday or Sunday here! You will either have someone aggressively drive behind you in the parking lot or in practically run you over if you're leisurely walking to window shop.
this isnt "a" mall - this is "the" mall.  when you are born and raised south shore chick like myself this is THE one stop shop for everything.  it is crowded and the parking can be a nightmare but unless you want limited store and food options, you shouldnt go anywhere else.  they have upscale stores that i never go into and they have moderately priced stores which i never go into.  then they have forever 21, charlotte russe and even a payless - which are pretty much the only stores i go into.  yeah, im broke, whateva. the food court here is the bomb.  sakku or whatever its called is delish.  bobbys burger palace is gourmet without the pricetag - they are opening a skinnypizza which is fab. the movie theatre is no - drive a mile or two to the loews by the source or go to the westbury stadium seating one.  youll be glad ya did. they have some good dinner options if youre in the area - grand luxe cafe, something with fish, and houstons.  they also just opened the healthy seasons 52 which is blah.
This mall is kind of like that movie "The Blob" remember how it kept getting bigger and bigger and swallowed everything in site? Thats RF.  Its the 600lb gorilla of malls. I also know it killed "The Source".  From what I hear its still growing, with upcoming additions, and a planned addition to the limited seating food court.  Big plus is the free parking, for now.  The odd lower level is basically useless, although  they opened a dollar tree type store that has cheap eats!  As for bathrooms, avoid the food court ones!  Need to go to the bathroom during your shopping spree? Head to the only decent one at the mall somewhat hidden within  Bloomingdales Furniture Store.  Alot less used, alot cleaner.  The regular Bloomingdales also just completed a renovation of the little cafe with healthy lunches and yummy frozen yogurt.
I've been to Roosevelt Field mall probably a hundred times. Yes, this mall gets very crowded around the holidays (but which mall doesn't?). It's a big mall and they have tons of parking. They also have all the stores that I like to shop at.
This mall is pretty awesome. It's the best mall I've been to. It's incredibly huge and they're always updating stores so the choices are good as well. The food court has a bunch of choices. It's a good mall.
The first time my mom and I walked in here, we gasped, in unison, "wow!" The effect wore off after a few trips, but it is still beyond massive.  Any store you could want, I'm sure you can find.  The food court has lots to offer and parking actually isn't too bad (I always parked outside of Macy's because I always park outside of Macy's at malls). My only complaint, and this is sort of weird, is that it's kinda dark in there.  Maybe it's just me, but I personally love light and it always seems like there's one too many lights out...
It's a great mall. They pretty much have all the major clothing stores your looking for as well as a Apple store.
You caught me! I'm a shop-aholic indeed. I love Roosevelt field because of all the high class stores. I detest all the high school kids there pretending to be "in"
Probably the largest and best of the Long Island Malls.
Little too classy for me, but offers a nice service in an area overflowing with malls, traffic, and cash (OCR is a nightmare but parking ain't bad). It's an embodiment of excess and whats wrong with the current economic disparity, but the Dyson hand dryers are gnarly.
What a huge change! I have not been to this mall and area for 10 years.. I also grew up not far from here and began my career at one of its stores nearly 40 years ago. I like how it's evolved and the quality of merchants maintained. One of my nephew's kids even works here.
My favorite mall to go to, it has all the stores Bayside doesn't have and it's not as ghetto as Queens Center Mall oh yeah and tons of parking. Even their food court choices aren't bad. I usually just get a pretzel and a tea from the fabulous Teavana. I could spend almost the whole day shopping with friends or my sister when I have the money.
A lot of shops and you could always get what you need here!
One of America's largest malls and full of luxury retailers. It's a bit on the pricy side and the older I get the more I notice that it caters for the young, anorexic and hyper-wealthy. It's always been a trendy place to shop. The food options are kind of junky, but there are also some restaurants in the same complex (Houston's and Grand Lux). Pretty much every store you could want is in the mall and you can easily spend a whole day exploring. Major downside is there are too few bathrooms. There are always long lines and the bathrooms smell funny and the surfaces always have water splashed everywhere.
This mall has all the stores I ever need, always has parking (which is free!!) and is close to both my job and home. In my opinion, it's the ONLY mall to go to in NY.
This mall is pretty big & it has lots of great stores inside. Their parking lot is huge! It's fairly easy to find a parking space here even when the mall is crowded.
RFM is greater than and NOT equal to QCM. What else can I say? They have all my favorite stores/fast food restaurants in 1 single place. What more can I ask for? Wendys, Red Mango, Zara, Forever 21, oh my!
This mall has a great variety of stores in a convenient location right off the Meadowbrook Pkwy or Old Country Rd.  The mall is owned by Simon Property Group which owns a lot of the upscale malls in the US.  The plus is the stores with guys in mind: Dick's Sporting Goods, Apple, Modelle's, Sony Style, Brookstone to name a few.
It's a mall... it's clean, safe and over crowded...
Best mall on Long Island!
Better than Kings Palza at this point!!!
Love this mall!  Love the free parking!  Plenty of stores.  Large variety of different restaurants in the food court.  Always a good day filled with good finds when I'm at this mall.
This mall has almost all the stores I need (ex. lululemon, nordstrom, anthropolgie, sephora) but stay away on weekends and holidays. Old country rd in general is nuts around that time.
I grew up next to the Roosevelt Field's twin, the Westchester Mall (owned by the same company) so I know what to expect from a Simon Mall: clean, high-end shopping, and crowds. Food court thin on seating and style, I didn't see that many real restaurants in the mall.  Was a little disappointed that the stores stayed in the middle bandwidth of "high-end"-- but I guess that's what the Americana Manhasset is for. Free parking is a definite plus.
Love this mall. Has everything anyone needs.
it has great stores,it's one huge mall though it does get crowded ESPECIALLY on the weekends.and mostly has a few higher class stores like Bloomingdales and  Nordstrom.I would definatly go back there. I remember I went on trip there when I was in 8th grade ah good times..
This mall is so big I always get lost some how lol. If you can think of the store its probably somewhere in there.
incredible mall. i always find what i am looking for. if i don't, the employees are so nice and sweet that they always help me. i love to shop here. i just bought some books today and even bought the book my stylist was talking about "fifty shades of grey". can't wait to start reading!
well, so far this the bettest mall ever found. you can tell that is not as death as the westbury one tho. but at times it gives the feeling of being in a airport tho. a lot of back n forth entrances and exits goin on making you at some point lost! otherwise, it offers a big variety of department stores that couldn't expect you to want more...such as JC penney, ar armani x, aldo, express,AE, h&m and of course can't miss DIESEL! n etc ;D..on the other side, if you're starving, no way to get it wrong!, another large variety of chain food all rounded the block :D, kfc, teriyaki, mcdonald uhm, etc....yeah, very entertaining and crowed youth chilling around. i just couldn't ask for more...definetly recommend this mall for a long hike ;)
IT SUCKS!!!
this is the best mall on long island. it has every store one could want, it's clean, it has the best food court, even good parking. only thing that sucks is the idiot drivers! but those are just the people of long island that seem to head to this mall, doesn't really have anything to do with the mall itself. I go here as much as I can especially in the morning when it's pretty empty and more fun. another bad thing is the mothers who bring their children and think to just let them run wild and free like it's some kind of jungle gym, again that just goes for the idiot part, and not the mall itself. they also go into the category of those who just randomly stop walking while 30 people are walking behind them and they make everyone else stop since OMG they must have seen something in the apple store or whatever.
grew up coming to this mall. good stores. cant go wrong.
i've grown up in this mall. watched as the WB and disney store came and went. bought toys at the bottom floor Noodle Kidoodle. rode on the merry-go-round on the first floor. built my first Build-A-Bear at the new build-a-bear store. ate many meals at the huge food court (watch out for the MSG-doused Chinese food). waited on the ridiculously long lines for the second floor bathroom. savored garlic pretzels from Auntie Anne's. has every store imaginable: a Dylan's Candy Bar! A&F, Swatch, Hollister, GAP, JCrew, Banana Republic, Reuhl, Zara, Bath & Body Works, BCBG, Victoria Secret, Delias, Urban Outfitters, Diesel, Apple, etc. The heavy hitters: Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, Macys. The place tends to be really busy. Roosevelt was formerly an airport that was converted into a mall. Thus the food court is in the shape of a giant blimp.
always crowded, but for a reason.  good selestion of shops and food.
Went to Havana Central in Roosevelt Field last night and I loved it! Loved the ambience, the decor, good service and delicious food! Granted the Cuban food is probably not as good as in Miami but it's pretty close! Pork was very tasty as was the black beans and tostones. I also loved my mojitos! Since we got there before 7 pm we were seated right away and had happy hour prices for the drinks. You can't beat that! What made the evening even better was the live salsa band. They were excellent! My husband and I danced two songs. Had a blast! Will definitely be going back! This is my new hot spot when I don't want to drive all the way to the city but still have delicious, reasonably priced food and drinks in a fun ambience.
microsoft surface vs ipad?! this is no brainer. def ipad!!! ... you'll usually find me in the mall on my days off ... this is a great mall to shop. wide selection of stores. the best thing that i love about the mall, it has nordstrom and grand delux cafe.
I have made it a point to only visit this mall from Monday-Thursday as I will no longer deal with all the moms and their strollers who all come to the mall on the weekend.  I actually did once get into a confrontation with a woman who was coming into Wild Pair (shoe store go figure).  I was leaving with my best friend and his gf and my shin got smashed into by a stroller.  She (being the L.I. mom that she is) thought it was my fault that she hit me and when I said excuse me she goes, "No, excuse me you need to get out of the way I have a stroller".  I laughed at her and walked out, and she proceeded to follow me.  So now instead of taking care of her children who were still in the store, unsupervised, she was following the 3 of us over to the food court.  These people will never cease to amaze me with the things they will say.  Other than that the mall has a great selection of stores and a giant food court with about 20 different eateries.
I grew up on Long Island and I like shopping as much as the next person, but JEEZE, it's just not that much fun when there are people ALL over the place. Yes, this mall has every store you could ever want, and yes, I pretty much always leave with SOMETHING, but a trip to Roosevelt Field requires a special mindset. You need to have your shopping goals in mind, you need to have a decent amount of cash to spend, and you need to be prepared for a day of lines and bumping shoulders. Once you're in the right frame of mind you're all set. The mall is filled with a huge amount of stores, including several that you can't find anywhere else on Long Island like Urban Outfitters, American Apparel, and Dylan's Candy Bar. Other stores range from super high end like Michael Kors, Betsey Johnson, and Burberry to more affordable (read: where you'll find me) like H&M, Forever21, and Charlotte Russe. I would highly recommend this mall for a solo 10am weekday morning type of trip, but on the weekends, it's a bit much.
My favorite mall in NY. It has every store that I like. The food court is ehh okay, but everything else is perfect. If I had my own car, I would go here more often.
i love roosevelt field mall! all my fav stores are lined up there and free parking!!!
Great Bloomingdale's and Nordstrom anchors, and the Macy's is huge and pretty nice.  Plus a scattering of high-end stores and every mid-market mall chain store that you can think of, and a Houston's and a Grand Lux Cafe.  A+ for variety.  I'm just surprised by the number of T-shirt shops that is has, for a mall with high-end anchors- and the neon "ATM" sign in the mom and pop-owned store next to the Nordstrom is kind of out of place.
Nice stores definitely better crowd along with a better layout in comparison to Ghetto Center ooops I mean Queens Center Mall. Definitely lots of stores to kill time and a nice sized food court although plenty of good local restaurants abound. Could use a bit more parking space or people with more common sense when parking instead of taking up 2 spaces with 1 vehicle. Overall not a bad experience bu can be pricey If you don't look for the sales.
Largest mall on long island, best variety of stores and food court that looks like a zeppelin blimp. This was the mall of my youth days and I spent numerous weekends here shopping, and it was always a nice place to buy things. Although it can get crowded on saturday afternoons and parking is not very good either.
This place is really built up. So many different restaurants and food choices, that you cant go hungry. A huge bloomies and Macys is here. Always end up leaving with a bag of something else I do not necessarily need but its cute. Not to mention tons of stores, like J.Crew, Sabon, Burberry Brit. One thing thats annoying is bathroom waits and overcrowding on the weekends. I do like how innovative the microsoft store and reebok store is.
One of the largest malls I have ever been to!! Both parking lot & parking structure. Still need some time to find a spot. Could be crowded! Lots of great retail stores & restaurants. Totally can spend whole day here!! Well maintained mall.
This is a huge mall for Long Island, but they have arranged parking systems which are adequate, with exception of the holiday season.  Most of the stores are rather banal, however there are two stores I love, which are Bloomingdales and Nordstrom. The rest of the stores are geared to the 20-40 year olds, without any thought to people who want to dress their age.  It is also very difficult to walk from one end to the other if you have any difficulties.  Electric wheelchairs are not provided.  There is sufficient handicapped parking.
I grew up coming here . Now I still enjoy being here as much as I used to. Only difference now is that I have an office here and work here every weak . The place is a mall but it's a lot more than that .
Always a great day at this mall...so many choices. So much better than Green Acres . Very convenient and very clean. And not to mention their awesome food court!
Massive mall located in Nassau County. Wide range of shops. They seem so specialize in mid-high end clothing stores. There is a lot of work going on, and some stores are still "coming soon" so be sure to check and see if what you want is open. The food court is expansive in size, but to me is un-inventive, with a lot of variations on the same type of food. Two areas that need improvement are the bathrooms (too few and the ones they have are too small), and the signage on the road. There needs to be signs on the loop directing people back to the Meadowbrook, unless you know it, you can end up on Zeckendorf or Old Country road. They need more access points to the parking lots as well.
Louis Vuitton.......How art thou??? I absolutely LOVE  this malll! Where do I start? First off, it is quite a bit of a hike for me coming from out East. But for excellent service, I will take the hike! The can be quite crowded but the variety of stores makes it worth it. Saks Fifth Avenue....I love you! While browsing in the mall I decided to stop into Sak's Gucci store to inquire about how to fix the broken tag on my Sukey bag. Well, the attentive lady behind the counter took my bag in the back, and within five minutes came back with a brand new tag on my bag!! She repaired it for FREE!!!!!!! What a joy! The Louis Vuitton staff is just as nice according to my experience. However, my new favorite place is DavidsTea! Cheaper than Teavana (I'm not hating) and a large variety of grean teas, oolong, black & herbals. I had alot of fun there. Anyhoo I can go on and on about Roosevelt Field greatness! This mall has EVERYTHING in addition to their current expansions!
++ My go-to mall in the New York City and Long Island area. There are plenty of shops to choose from. I'm talking about multiple options for one category- for athletic footwear alone, you've got Adidas, Champs Sports, Dick's Sporting Goods, Finish Line, Foot Action, Foot Locker (Men's, Lady's and Kids).... This is the perfect place to do indecisive back-and-forth price-comparison shopping and waste away your entire Saturday! It's also surrounded by 3 big department stores that can hold their own- Macy's, Bloomingdales, and Nordstrom (if you're looking to buy $$$$ stuff like some Jimmy Choos). ++ The mall is also clean and spacious but without a "ghost town" feel. There's two levels. Food court is located on second floor but food shops/stalls like Auntie Anne's, Haagen Dazs, and Jamba Juice are located throughout. + There's plenty of parking available although "convenient" parking is a different story for busy times (weekends, holidays....Black Friday...). - One gripe I have to put out there... AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO IS SO VERY BUMMED THAT THEY TOOK OUT THE DIPPIN' DOT VENDING MACHINES? =*( so sad.... now I have to wait til I go to an amusement park to get my fix. Unless any of you know where I could get dippin' dots without hitting up Six Flags or DisneyWorld... and NO, MINIMELTS are NOT an acceptable substitute.
Roosevelt Field has been around for a while.  Seriously.  It serves as an indication of how old I am.  I've been coming to it since before high school.  Many of the stores have changed and even some of the layout has too.  It continues to expand (that construction project outside of Macy's in the parking lot needs to speed up) with a lot more options than just shopping.  The movie theater has been there for a while, but there are a ton of restaurants on the outside.   A few things: - Their Santa at Christmas time is good.  Although my daughter cried non stop. - I wish they had more restrooms. - I wish they had more elevators. - What happened to the Mets clubhouse shop.
This mall is a love/hate relationship. I love this mall because it has every story I could ever shop in. Minus the diesel store (which was recently closed down due to the expansion of the food court) Other than that this place boasts everything from a foot locker to buy some socks, to a Tesla dealership to drive off in a electric beast all in the same day! The help desk is extremely helpful! Need to know where a store is located? Bam! They know, and if you're lucky, might even slip you a piece of chocolate! Parking sucks here tho. I usually just pay the $5 + tip for valet parking to avoid the frustration.
Oh, how I love this mall! It has everything that a shopaholic could want and then some. I will typically plan an entire afternoon around coming here because there are so many stores that my friends and I end up exploring. This is a well-known establishment on Long Island, so don't be naive in thinking that there is a quiet time to come here. The mall is usually always busy and parking can be a pain and a half because of that. Once you get inside, though, it's vast enough to accommodate all the shoppers. The food court, however, is a challenge. Again, there are a number of fast food places from which to choose, but it is virtually impossible to find somewhere to sit and eat. My suggestion (if you're with a group): find a table, and have one or two people B-line for the vacancy before it goes! And don't be afraid to awkwardly linger by a table that will soon be getting up to go. It's all about strategy, people!
Pretty much everything you're going to want in a mall. All the stores, events, celebrity autograph signings etc. Literally the best mall in NYC. Hands down.
I'm not feeling this mall anymore. They've changed it up so much that I don't know where anything is located. Stores closed down or moved to the lower level. They added more stores for women with no shape. I'm a curvy girl so basically you're telling me I can't go into the cutesy stores and pick up an outfit because everything was designed to fit a girl with a 8 year old male body shape. Ummm yeah ok! Won't be returning unless I'm tagging along for moral support.
Today, I headed to Roosevelt Field. Much to my chagrin, they're doing some major renovations. The mall is 50-60 (?) years old. It was due for a revamp. I'm sure that when it's done, it will be worth it, but in the interim, 1/3 of the mall is ripped apart. Most of the popular stores are still there and there is still a lot to do here, but it's congested at the mall and it's just not the same. Roosevelt Field is still a better mall than Kings Plaza, Green Acres, and the White Plains Galleria, but I likely won't come back until the renovations are done in 2016. I usually do not come to malls to buy products (that's what Amazon is for). I go to malls to window shop, have something to do when I'm bored, and to check out women. Going to a mall that looks like a tornado hit it kinda defeats the purpose.
Best mall that's close to queens, long island, brooklyn residents. Kings Plaza is terrible and this is definitely worth the extra 20 minutes of driving!
Its very plain and lack luster. The Nordstrom is okay but the customer service rep was very helpful. Parking was no problem. We just parked near Nordstrom. Looks like they are fixing up the floors as a huge section of the flooring was missing.
They have a lot of store but it is a literal nightmare to get into.  Make sure you know exactly where you are going or you could end up on the Meadowbrook Parkway or in some other place you didn't want to be.  I was shocked that parking was so tight on a Monday afternoon but I did manage to get a space after some effort. If you're going here, have a plan & some time on your hands since there are retailers that are only located in this mall unless you want to drive much farther away to get to them.  There are 3 sections on 2 floors so it's a huge one. As malls go, it's definitely huge but you might want to avoid it on the weekend unless you like big crowds.
The place is great if you get there early. Has most stores there that you can imagine to shop at. Parking can be a problem but overall a pretty good shopping mall.
Okay, I hate malls in all aspects unless they have the following: 1) Lots of food 2) Cool electronic stores Check and check for Roosevelt on both counts.  I believe this mall is like the 5th biggest in the US or somewhere around that. When I am in the area and we can't decide what to eat, this is our default mall.  The food court is huge.  It has at least 30 stalls and you can spend 15 minutes just walking around in a big circle to see what they have.  And for some reason, every other place services bourbon chicken, so you can get apps from just walking around lol.   What is also cool is that there is an f.y.e(video store), a large theatre and then your typical fashion stores.  If you are a big shopper, worth coming. Why come here:  You need a break from your significant other while on vacation - just drop him/her off for the day and they can shop to their hearts content. Why not to come here: You want restaurant quality food.   Verdict:  Worth a visit and great exercise walking around the entire mall.
ugh.....just ugh. There are always sooooooooooo many people that are tremendously rude. There is NOT ENOUGH SEATING to eat a meal. The selection of the stores is pretty mediocre....there ARE a lot...and maybe it's just that all malls have the same crap, but I wish they would mix it up a little. The only decent coffee in the whole mall is this little place across from Banana Republic right near the food court. Everything else is Starbucks (if you can find it)!
This mall has seen better days. This mall use to be booming back in the day. It was crowded, plenty of foot traffic, hot young chicks, milfs, cougars, you name it, they had it. Today, this mall is pretty empty and dead compared to the old days and this is during back to school season too. I expected a full parking lot, crowded stores with long lines. Every single store we stepped into was practically empty. The only stores that had a large amount of customers were the apple store, Banana Republic, and the foot court. Every other store was a ghost town. Sales - Didn't see any that really caught my attention. Stores - Some stores seemed to have repeated itself. Aunt Annie's for example has like 2-3 stalls, Lids have 2 stores, Gamestop has 2, and a few others that had more than 1 store in the same mall. Verdict - I never seen Armani Exchange so empty in my life. Dicks Sporting goods got rid of their 2nd entrance that leads to  the parking lot. The price tag on everything here sucked so we decided take a short drive to Century 21 and shop there instead.
It's a mall, folks. If it has the store you're looking for... Isn't that all you need? Yes, it's changed quite a bit. The crowds have gotten rowdier and some fellow shoppers downright tactless but it's avoidable if you go earlier in the morning or closer to closing. Westchester is nicer, but it's also well, in Westchester. This one falls in the middle grade above Queens Center (even with all its updates) and it's pretty grand in size with free parking.
I used to love coming to this mall it was THE hotspot with people everywhere. Every store was full of people of all kinds. They had everything even a Burger King which I miss and an animal pet shop which I was sad to see go, I used to love going there and petting the little puppies while my sisters were spending hours trying on clothes  Anywho, nowadays this place seems to be going down hill I don't come here that much anymore maybe once every other month?  most of the mall is dead these days and the stores they have now for the most part are for woman but then again what mall isn't? It has quite a bit of variety for shopping needs with an awesome food court on the top floor. Stores like Apple, sony, H&M, J C penny, victories secret, radio shack, dicks, build a bear workshop, guess, 2 game stops and coach and believe me these are just a few of what this mall has to offer, it even has a gym which is pretty nice it's even open 24 hrs can't beat that. On the upside it is currently going through a rebuilding phase it looks like there adding to this mall and expanding it so far all I'm certain of is that a Microsoft store is in the works along with others. I just hope they do something about the parking cause on Christmas time I recommend taking the bus here cause you'll spend an hour and a half searching for a spot believe me.
The mall is like my home I love this mall!!! Right now not so much....I came here yesterday with my boyfriend and really the only thing we had ate all day was the samples in the food court which we ALWAYS DO so it was nothing different. After one of the samples of chicken we have eachother a look like we wanted to spit it out but we didn't and now we have both been in the bathroom ever since. I have food poisoning!!!! All the samples were good except one was a really weird cold soggy piece of chicken but we gave it the benefit of doubt and ate it anyway and now we both have food poisoning so at this particular moment I'm not loving the mall so much, maybe I'll update in the future...... Adding to this review DO NOT EAT THE SAMPLES AT THE MALL IM CALLING THE BOARD OF HEALTH I HAVE NEVER GOTTEN SICK LIKE THIS IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!! I'm missing work it's horrible I feel horrible I can't eat I can't work I can't do anything......the doctors took blood work and other tests to see exactly what it is......just from a trip to the mall
Pros: Free parking, closeby shopping centers, surrounded by trustworthy restaurants Cons: Sales tax on shoes and clothing, crowded during the holiday season Neutral: Sales tax on jewelry and bags
This is my favorite mall, its a little further away but its worth the trip. Its huge, has free parking and is surounded by tons of great stores, restaurants and shopping complexs. This mall has every store you can think of.....sony, apple, nordstrom, neiman marcus bloomingdales, macys, jcp, yankee candle, guess, express, forever21, H&M, coach, michael kors, bath & body, bakers, aldo, foot locker, build a bear, and all the kids clothing stores like childrens place and gymboree....just to name a FEW (and that's really just a small few) Food court its great, everything from taco bell to johnny rockets. They also have great restaurants like Mint, Grand Lux Cafe, and Havana Central. For the gals they have mac and a great sephora! Has lots of seating with several "sofa" areas. They even have messaging chairs. Lots of there stores have fun events and macys sometimes has a dj on week ends. Parking lot is free, and they have valet. Customer service is great here. Employees are friendly, security is helpful, and its always nice and clean! I got a simon mall gift card for Christmas once, this is a simon mall, thought that was a great gift idea! They also have a big movie theater, AMC Loews Roosevelt Field. Mall restrooms are fabulous, always nice and shiny! Dyson hand dryers, lots of mirrors and tons of stalls so not waiting even on a busy day. I know I said it before, but I'm going to say it again....they have EVERY store you can think of!
The best major mall in nassau county. Has everything you need and constantly renovating. Parking may be a little crazy at times but hey it is the best shopping mall around
I love this mall!!! This is the mall I wish was my mall (sad face) in Suffolk county. Why do you ask?? The food court here is off the chain! They have not one, but *two* Jamba Juices?? Fan-say They have a curved staircase, its a two leveled mall! Nice parking garage They have a Money Exchange window?? They have a Tesla Auto dealership here??? The stores, even though they are upscale like Bloomies, carry some crappy, low end items.  The road going around the mall is trippy, I feel like I'm driving in Jersey!! I don't have any good memories here like The Smithaven Mall where I grew up and the end of the day, I'm craving Tanger Outlet Mall in Riverhead. I guess the worst mall in Long Island? The Bayshore mall is on the low end of the totem pole of Long Island Malls
What can I say? This is the only mall I really go to because of the variety of stores in addition to the practicality of the layout. It is a nice mall to shop in, much easier than the other malls I have been to. The food court has different choices to choose from, however beware of not being able to eat there on the weekends but if you go on a weekday you may get lucky. Bathrooms are decent and have plenty of stalls.....
The mall is big, packed full of stores and a great food court area.  There's plenty of parking spaces and they're free! My biggest complaints come from the fact that there aren't many seating areas in the mall itself.  When your significant other is spending a lot of time shopping in a store, I have nothing to do and no where to sit!  Some benches around the mall would be great.  They've got the massage chairs, but those are usually occupied.   Example, there's a large open area by the Dick's Sporting goods store, why not place some benches or chairs to sit in?
This mall is huge and it has everything I need, period! I also love the free samples in the food court and tevana :) Parking is never an issue..
I've been to a lot of malls across the country and Roosevelt Field has always been a top 5 for me. Up until a few years ago, this was the 5th largest mall in the country. I'm not sure where it falls now, I think 6th or 7th, but it doesn't matter, this has always been a very nice mall. With the expansions and renovations over the last few  years, it's gotten even nicer. Great anchors, lots of high end stores, awesome food court, and it's all wrapped up in convenient location with a lot of significant history. I would hope people already knew this, but this mall sits on the site of the airfield where Charles Lindbergh took off on the now historic, first non-stop crossing of the Atlantic by aircraft. Now it's a shoppers paradise, and that brings me to my only negative. Apparently, no one has informed the good people of NYC and Long Island that we just came out of a crippling recession. Because it seems during the peak of the recession the mall was more packed than ever, especially the Apple store.   But my critique of my fellow citizens aside, this mall is great, and I'll continue to be a fan.
My observations about Roosevelt Field of late: 1. Now a full night out destination with new restaurant additions: Sessions 72, Captial Grille, Havana Central, Skinny Pizza, Bobby's Burger Palace, Red Mango, & Pinkberry 2. New stores have gone in: Brighton, C Wonder, a reworked Disney store, Hotel Chocolat, Joe Fresh, Tesla, the Limited 3. Movie theatre needs an upgrade big time! 4. What's with the cray cray Passport lines at the post office and the million kids running around? 5. A post office, nail salon, dentist & tailor--beat that! 6. You'll need mad skills to secure a table and chairs in the food court. 7. This is one of those malls where whenever there's some celeb/product event, it's always there. 8.  And the mall restrooms...lines for ladies and water and toliet paper everywhere. 9. Can't wait to see it featured on "Real Housewives of Long Island" and "Princesses"! 10. Why is it always so HOT?!?
Been coming to this mall since I was little. Tons of stores, even though I hate shopping, have to give credit where its due. Problem though? -- don't come with your wife/girlfriend/etc. if they are shop-a-holics. Too many stores.. and ALL the chairs outside of stores are practically always taken and you end up having no where to sit. The food court is pretty cool though, a good 20 spots to eat if not more, BUT pricey -- although you can bargain believe it or not. Especially with the Chinese/Japanese spots, just simply walk away after sampling anything from them and they'll immediately give you a "special" price because they want to make the sale. In general -- the mall is pricey, but there are sales to be had at times. When it comes to Black Friday, just stay at home and shop online.
I love this mall, they have literally everything and are starting to become more high end. It often gets crowded on the weekends and holidays, but never unpleasantly so.
I used to go to school out in Long Island so having this mecca atmy fingertips was always a delightful yet deadly combo. Now that I'm back home the closet mall to me is kings plaza which doesn't have the greatest selection. Roosevelt isn't such a far drive and its worth the trip with stores like Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, Macys, Sephora, Urban Outfitters, Apple store, and many many many more! Conveniently packed in one inclosed area, there is something for everyone. They just redid their bloomingdales 40 carrots frozen yogurt and added a pink berry as well.
On my last visit the after Christmas Day, we were shopping in H&M and all of a sudden a stempede of people started running into the store straight on into the back of the store and all I see are people screaming "get in the store!" and rushing to another direction of the mall... Everyone was on heightened nerves since there was a mass shooting that happened in the tri state area a few days before...so turns out that a gang of boys were chasing 1 boy who looked to be about 13 and caught up to him and starded kicking and punching him in front of other shoppers, that's when undercover cops and mall security rushed them...Ummm since when did Rooselvelt field mall turn into Green Acres Mall part 2?!?!?! I used to think this mall was great because I felt safe shopping in the stores or window shopping too compared to some of the other malls in the area.  Yes the security did a fantastic job diffusing the situation but it's sad that even this mall is being overrun by idiots who can't keep the peace and be civil.
Ok, where do I even start here? Roosevelt Field is, without question, the most fantastic mall on the planet. Though I am not a big fan of many things coming from Long Island (and I am a Long Islander myself, so no offense to any others) I can not go to any other mall without thinking, "Roosevelt Field is waaaayyyy better than this hole-in-the-wall". From the very basics like the Gap, Express (mens and womens),  Abercrombie, and J.Crew, to the slightly more upscale chains such as Jasmine Sola, French Connection and Coach, this place has every store you can imagine. One thing I must warn you about- parking is a bitch. Never expect to be able to get a parking spot in front of Nordstroms or Bloomingdales, unless you're willing to circle the parking lot for a couple of hours waiting for a spot to open up. Right outside Macy's is your best bet for a free spot. And ladies, did I mention you might even be able to get your boyfriends/husbands to tag along with NO complaints!? Just mention the words "Game Stop", "The Sharper Image", and "The Apple Store" , and they'll be waiting by the car, keys in hand.
Your usual mall.  This one's bigger than most.  Oh, and the parking lot sucks!
When it's cold and I want to do my shopping all in one place, Roosevelt Field is my best bet. Some of the stores they have include: Free People, MK, VS, Anthropologie, H&M, BR, Bloomie's, L'Occitane, Zara, Betsey Johnson, etc. Han Nari has the CUTEST doggy clothing and accessories. The food court has a mini-Johnny Rockets.
The Roosevelt Field Mall is one of the better shopping malls in the New York area.  It offers a wide variety of stores and vendors, as well as offers free parking in large parking lots and garages.  Few other malls in the area offer free parking.  Everything is much more spread out and convenient.  Malls like Queens Center and Kings Plaza have become overridden with theft and crime, making the shopping experience bad.   The food court offers many different places to eat.  The Zeppelin in the center is reminscent of the Roosevelt Field's roots.  While there may not always be a table right away during lunch and dinner hours, the staff working in the food court is helpful and will assist you in finding a table, and cleaning it if it is dirty, contrary to the Queens Center mall. The surrounding area also offers a wide variety of restaurants, stores like Wal Mart, Best Buy and Home Depot and more.  If coming from Queens it is certainly worth the trip.
Roosevelt Field Mall is the mall of malls on Long Island.  I mean, its got everything ranging from all sorts of clothing stores to the obscure shops, which add to the overall charm of RFM.  The food court is one of my favorite spots to eat and hang out with friends.   Potato Steak & Co. is one of my favorite food stands (it has the tastiest cheese steaks and french fries that have potato skins on their backs).   Another good thing about this place is the fact that there are always additional stores that are "coming soon," which add to the overall excitement of visiting this particular mall. One thing, that is expected of malls such as this is that parking can be very aggravating.  And don't expect to be able to always find what you want (especially during holidays!!!), because this mall is always packed with a lot of people. The only thing that may be of concern is the big possibility of getting lost.  Yes, there are maps scattered throughout the mall, but it gets hard to concentrate and figure out where you are.  No matter how many times I visit the mall, I always seem to get lost.  But, there's no harm in that.
I love RFM because it's soooo big. It's sad though because every time I come here I can't seem to buy anything. Either way it's nice to just go window shopping. They have 4 major department stores; nordstrom, macys, bloomingdales and jcpenny and they also have a dick's sporting goods. I believe there is also a movie theater, so it's great because they practically have everything at one location....I would think so since its sooooo big! did I already say that??? One big reason I would not go shopping here is because of the sales tax...why not just go shopping in queens if I don't have to pay tax on clothes right??? I don't have funds to throw away for taxes that are not even being used for the greater good of the people of NYC =P can I get an AMEN!
I'm usually not a fan of shopping...malls, that is. (And perhaps shopping as well). Looking through racks of clothing, dealing with pushy staff,and  fighting off my fellow bargain seekers in a deathmatch isn't usually my cup of tea. But there's no better place to do all of the above,and more, than at the Roosevelt Field Mall. You can spend an eternity here and still only touch the surface of all the stores. And the staff at the stores we visited were actually friendly and helpful! I'm looking at you Macy's and Apple Store! The Apple store is organized chaos personified. The masses of digital touch fetishists staring at the panoply of products would have made navigating the store difficult, or so you'd think. Not so-- staff was within reach, extending a lifeline to rescue us from the dizzying crowds. The food court is probably larger than the entire Manhattan Mall and I only slightly exaggerate. Chinese, japanese, mexican, johnny rocket's, italian, the vast mecca of mainstream American food stops can be found here. (The food court and mall transcend a sense of place. We could have been in any mall in the country and had the same choices. Here's to conformity!) We opted for the "Great Steaks" steak sandwiches and the entertaining manager even offered us pepper sauce, a surprising touch that definitely livened up a typical steak sandwich.   You'll also find the indigenous mallrats, who travel in packs. A fairly benign creature, the female variety was seen 10 wide-- yes, I counted ten tweens interlocking arms, marching through the mall and forcing almost everyone to step aside. Mass transit options here entail an LIRR trip to LI and bus or a subway to 179th Jamaica and bus. A place like this is designed for driving-- after all, the mall is the town center of suburbia! Roosevelt Field Mall-- you can probably find anything here and if not, it hasn't been invented yet.
After spending $13.xx on LIRR tickets round-trip, I thought, 'This better be worth it or I swear I'll skim every last store and knock down everything in this mall'. The ride was hectic but it was so worth it. It was just about what I expected in the mall - stores that aren't in NYC (R.I.P. Ruehl and your 60%-off-everything closing sale, Delia's and Nordies), materialistic people dressed in high-end clothing from head to toe and can I say, cute guys?! Did I mention I see 13-year-old girls with UGGs, Coach bags, and huge Nordstroms & Bloomies shopping bags in the MAC store? It is a huge mall, but I think I finished walking around everywhere in 6 hours or so (including the stopping in stores, multiple times of going to the ladies room and stopping for food). Great selection of stuff, great stores. The only thing I hate is that there's sales tax and if I was back in the city, I wouldn't be having this problem. But damn the tourists for overpopulating stores! I've never bought so much stuff in one day like I have in Roosevelt Field..well, it is a big mall after all. Shopping in stores that are by itself is getting so boring, I love going to big malls. Too bad it was raining so much, my bags got wet and everything was ruined. I should really stop typing now because my feet are close to numb. Oh, and P.S. Johnny Rockets - "Long Island's Best Burgers" - lives up to it's award! I certainly enjoyed every second of holding their vibrating signal on my sweaty hands!
Huge mall, lots of kids. Well, it's a mall, so there is strike one for you.  I hate malls but if you have to venture into one, this is the place to go. They have all the usual suspects and chains - just so many more of them. The place gets down and out crowded, especially on weekends and holidays. There are a zillion teens hanging out in this place - particularly near the food court (of course) and just milling about. Parking seems to be adequate but if it is a holiday it will be a looong walk from the car to the doors and back. I avoid it unless necessary then I do either the early morning or late evening dash - that works a lot better for me.
Like the Americana, Roosevelt Field is designed to cater to a variety of shoppers, yet many of the stores found within its walls fall within the moderate to extremely expensive categories. While you may find a few bargains, the real reason people come to Roosevelt Field is to experience a great mall and everything it has to offer. Because the surrounding area is trying to become a Long Island nightlife center, the mall is in a prime location for both locals and tourists. The mall is anchored on the high end by Nordstrom's and Bloomingdale's, with Macy's, JC Penny, and Dick's Sporting Goods providing more reasonable priced clothing. Additionally, each department store funnels out into a long corridor on both levels of the mall, with the surrouding stores a mix of high end retail to gizmos and gadgets. The food court is also a great attraction and pays homage to Roosevelt Field's aviation roots, as the court is in the shape of a Zeppelin and houses such vendors as Johnny Rocket's, Wendy's, and a myriad of other cuisines ranging from japanese to greek to yummy yummy honey chicken. Overall, Roosevelt Field is a beautiful structure and does a great job of appealing to a variety of shoppers with its aforementioned department stores, food offerings, and helpful information center. A complete list of stores can be found by visiting: simon.com/mall/directory…
Everyone who lives on Long Island knows this mall and what it has to offer. It has a wide selection of stores (although I'm still upset that Anthropologie is gone now) as well as a good amount of snacking options to choose from throughout the building. While you're shopping, you can stop by a Starbucks, Red Mango, Auntie Anne's, Pinkberry, Jamba Juice, or Haagen Daz. If you're looking for more of a meal though, you can also grab a quick bite at the food court. There isn't a mall that I've been to on Long Island that can match up to this one. Yes, it can get really crowded at times, such as around the holidays or weekends. However, if you go when it's closer to closing time, most people are on their way out and it's a lot easier to find parking space.
The outer boroughs are often overlooked for the fancy restaurants run by fancy chefs and the famous streets of Manhattan. I'm here to tell you that there are perks to living in the outer boroughs: 1 - Cost of living is less (believe it or not, toothpaste costs less in Queens than in the city) 2 - Good eats (see my Queens list) 3 - No tourists 4 - No tourists (worth repeating twice) 5 - I have a car and, therefore, endless possibilities. 5A - Said car will take me to fine shopping establishments, such as Roosie Fields And why is Roosie Fields great? 1 - It's a one-stop shop for all the stores that one would want to vist in the city (JCrew, BR, Gap, Michael Kors, Anthropologie, Diesel, Zara's,etc). 2 - Shopping and eating all done under one roof. That means less travel time and more shopping time! 3 - They even have stores that you can't find in the city like Nordstrom, Delias, Kipling, Radley London 4 - I manage to always find the items that are sold out in Manhattan JCrews here. 5 - Big parking lot = spots to park my car That's right, be jealous. Suburbia rocks.
Growing up on LI, this mall is the mother of all malls on Long Island...you can find pretty much almost any store you want to at this place. With two floors of ridiculous shopping action and a food court to satisfy the needs of almost anyone, this place is AWESOME ^_^ WEEKENDS = Hell. Good luck trying to find parking on the weekends...it's complete hell. It's packed to the brim! Trying to find a table at the food court for a couple of friends and I on a Saturday afternoon was NOT a fun time ~_~ However, the wide range of stores and the variety at the food court makes up for over-crowdedness.
Birthplace of the Long Island fingernail-on-chalkboard mall girl accent, it is to be despised for that very reason. This place was actually manageable maybe 25 years ago when it was only one floor + the basement level. They had an aquarium and an arcade back then. Nowadays, forget about it. Avoid it like the plague. Everything you can find here, you can find online. Even the mall-girl accent. But online, you can _avoid_ the accent. You're stuck with it at Roosevelt Field.
What a great mall. It's probably one of the most well-known on Long Island, if not Nassau County. I have been going here for years and have always found what I am looking for. There's always tons of people there no matter what time of the day or what day of the week. I have to say that I have never: A. Gotten a decent parking spot without circling like 10 times. B. Had to dodge people while trying to window shop. If you want to just visit and browse, you'll never be bored. If anything you might get a bit lost haha. I highly recommend not going on Black Friday. It's madness, pure madness. But otherwise they have some of the higher-end stores if you shop at places like Armani, True Religion or Coach. Also, a really cool feature of this mall is their food court. It's a big circle and chock full of your typical fast food places. But they do have some variations and plenty of seating. And sure enough you'll find those people giving you samples left and right. There are also small eatery establishments around the mall but this is the main spot. And on the outside... they have tacked on some pretty cool restaurants. I REALLY want to try the Havana Central. I hear their empanadas are excellent. To someone that is new to RF mall, you might be a bit intimidated by the size and the parking situation but if you're looking for something specific you may want to stop by here first. Happy Shopping.
...it's like Manhattan...but indoors. It's really big and nicely designed, but it still has that shopping mall combination of crappy stores and annoying kids. Except with this one, it's annoying Long Island kids. It's also no less expensive than Manhattan.
Growing up on Long Island I took for granted the convenience of Roosevelt Field. Every national retail store you can think of is here. The food court is a good size with a good variety. You'll pay a premium to eat in the convenience of the mall. Also seating can be hard to find even on a slow day. The parking situation is often stressful. I don't mind parking far away but you have to deal with lunatics that might kill someone if they don't get a spot near the entrance.
I believe its within the top 10 biggest malls in America. This mall is definitely the best in Downstate New York (Kings, Queens, Nassau, Suffolk). They have a big food court upstairs, a movie theatre, Apple, Sony, Pinkberry, and your Macys, Nordstrom, etc. This place on black Friday weekend is insane though, you feel like your walking through a oven and you just want to grab a comforter and lie down somewhere, that many people come here! Its one of the better Simon Malls in the Northeast but it does not compare to Tysons Corner in Northern Virginia. Roosevelt should take away all the fatty fast food places and exchange them with international cuisines; its not like people would complain about the prices either, food courts are already overpriced to begin with.
The mall is large, clean and has a food court.  I saw signs for Valet parking, too, but don't be that guy. The parking lot was a horror. A horror full of snow, ice and people that don't know how to drive. Now, maybe I'm just a bumpkin from a blue collar town, but I definitely did not think that there was low to high end stores that catered to everyone. It's mostly high end but honestly, I did not see every single store. There could be a dollar store tucked away in the unfashionable end. So come here for some high end stuff. Honestly, for full effect, you might as well just come into the city and get the whole experience along with high prices.
When I was a child, this was the closest thing to an amusement park for me, and I used to beg my parents to go (as a family) to the mall on a Saturday when my father was miraculously not working. "Screw the beach! Screw the movies! I wanna go to Roosevelt Field! Daaaadddd!!!!!!" Funnily enough, I almost never bought something there unless I grudgingly followed my parents into Macy's for shoes or something boring like that. My fun was composed of serious browsing, mostly in stores like FYE and what was Sam Goody, and popping into more risque places like Spencer's Gifts and Dapy, the latter of which doesn't exist anymore either. To satisfy my childish desires, I'd also insist the family visit Noodle Kadoodle and KB Toys, and a ride on the merry-go-round, or a tour of FAO Schwartz (now Pottery Barn Junior) was absolutely necessary. As you can tell, I had a system. The older I got, the more willing I was to enter clothing stores, especially H&M, whose presence is essential, and other places like the bookstores, which weren't nearly as well-stocked as they could be. Now that I'm utterly obsessed with food, I care more about the options offered in that department, and it's here where the mall (along with most others) falls short. The Zeppelin Food Court, whose appearance is large and impressive, is filled with Ranch1, Wendy's, "Chinese/Japanese" saute stations, salad bars, Johnny Rockets...need I go on? The only good place for the more health conscious at this point is the Original Soup Man; I say just zip over there directly. Bathrooms are ok but often bring along long-ass lines, but everything is generally very clean and bright, both within the loo and without. There really are a variety of stores, just not enough that cater to my  personal interests. I'd say, if you love clothes shopping, as well as toy stores, Yankee Candle, do go here. You will enjoy yourself. Ah, and all nerds-run to the Discovery Channel Store! That place is timeless.
Yep, when I am in mall mode this is my go to place. And yes, On Long Island this is to me Woo Hoo As good as it gets in terms of shopping centers. I feel like it has just the right amount of stores. It is clean and well kept. I do not feel like I have to watch my back or something when I come alone like I have felt at other shopping centers. My personal favorites, not that anyone really cares, are Sephora, Anthropologie, Aldo, Michael Kors and the food court! Seriously, you can sit at the food court on a busy Sunday and just people watch. What else can I say? I have set the alarm off at JcPenny once and the people at starbucks think my name is Jessella. Have a nice day.
Yeah, I get that it's a huge mall with practically every store you can imagine.  And, yes, in the old HS days, I used to patronize this establishment by making a weekly trip (you know, the usual "let's go to the mall" hangouts with your BFFs...).  The only downfall is that it gets WAY too crowded on the weekends and national holidays.  When I had the Abercrombie phase (scary, I tell you) in my younger teen days, I HATED waiting in line for 30 minutes to try on a pair of jeans or to pay for those jeans.  (But it helped when some of my friends worked @ the store.)   Nevertheless, it's a great mall where you will find most, if not all, of the things on your list.  I'd suggest going during the week or early morning on weekends.  Finding a good parking spot can be a challenge otherwise.
Id like to think I am not a mall person, but me and the bf find ourselves here often. Mostly on rainy days and because he has a ton of unsuspecting estrogen and likes window shopping with me. This is best mall I have been too. Its not seedy like queens center and it has better stores. Something for everyone. We dont usually do any damage here, its just nice to walk around hand in hand and kill a few hours on boring Sundays. Parking is free and you will always find a spot even during Holiday crunch time, good luck getting out tho.
Ugh.  In general I am not a "mall" person.  This mall takes the cake though -- if you know LI girls, especially those that live in proximity to this mall (Roslyn and surrounding towns), then you know how much they LOVE their malls.  This mall is your one-stop shop for annoying Long Island girls -- it's huuuuge.  Too many people, too many people. If you're like me, sometimes you need a reminder as to why online shopping is a god-send.  Roosevelt Field Mall is the perfect place for that reality check -- who do you think you are, you don't belong at a MALL, for goodness sake, especially not THIS mall. There's no reason for me to ever go back to this (or any) mall. Eeeek!
The mall is nice and clean! Plenty of parking especially around Dick's Sporting Goods. The only CON I have with this place is Jamba Juice. Clearly I had a buy 1 get 1 free printed coupon for any drinks straight off the website. But they did not validate and honor it.
Omgoodess, Roosevelt field mall!  This is my all time favorite mall in the State of New York (so far). This place is easily accessible by car, but may be difficult for bus or train. If you ever have trouble finding clothes that you want, you may want to stop by here to check out some stuff; they have all kinds of the best shopping departments; American Eagle, Abercrombie, Hollister, H&M, Foot Locker, Macys.  I remember when I was younger, I used to love to come here to shop for children's books(for myself) and I love the Blimp shaped food court. Omgoodness, the best part about this place is that you can get lost; everytime I come here, my friends and I always forget where we parked because it is just that complex. If you guys want to do something fun, come to this mall for a game of Hide and Seek, Manhunt, or a scavenger hunt; omgoodness, it would be amazing. Nowadays, I come here once in a while for Hollister and Abercrombie, but that's about it, oh, if you come here on Weekends and friday nights, it's packed so plan ahead; same as for your parking; remember where you parked!! yup, have fun!
Fantastic mall. Been coming here since I'm a kid. It's huge and has every store imaginable.  Movie theaters, restaurants like Grand Lux Cafe and Capital Grill... Dicks Sporting Goods and XSport Gym.  They have a great Apple and Sony store.  The list goes on.  Check it out. You won't be let  down
I have travelled the world. I have lived in countries where I don't understand the native language. I have driven on the other side of the road. All these things with nary a wrong turn. But at Roosevelt field mall: I get lost. Not just once, or twice, but every darn time I go to Roosevelt Field, I invariably find myself desperately looking for one of those kiosks that tell you where the heck you are in relation to where you'd like to be. I should mapquest the store I want before heading over to this place. It's just too big. Too crowded. Too much stuff. But the fact that there is too much stuff likely means you will find what it is that you need... eventually. Weekends, especially November and December, are atrocious. Finding parking can mean instigating covert operations that even Blackwater would be jealous of.  And don't plan to eat at the food court without stepping on a few toes to get your $10 fast food. I give it 4-stars since every once in a while I don't mind getting lost and wandering about the place. Sometimes you find some cool stuff like that. But I try to go somewhere else if I am in a hurry.
I love this mall. It is easily my favorite mall on Long Island. They have a HUGE variety of stores, they have the cheap stores, the high-end stores, and several large department stores. It is clean and spacious with an excellent food court. It is bright and tastefully done although the looks are aging. My only gripe is that the crowds are INTENSE on the weekends. You practically have to fight people just to enter stores as there is this never ending flow of people walking in front of all the entrances. My favorite time to go is right after work at around 6:00pm on weekdays; it is a ghost-town in there at that time.
I used Roosevelt Field Mall for window shopping and food eating, but mostly Apple Store. Shopping or eating is Okay at RFM but not if you're coming from public bus. From bus terminal, we have to cross huge parking lot (which are dark at night) and it could be problem for elderly people who shops. Also Simon Malls properly should install Braille information for all stores signs and bus terminal since they're violating ADA act for not putting them for BLIND PEOPLE who might shop at mall.
Roosevelt Field is the only all-inclusive mall on Long Island.  I can find most anything that I could need here, and the selection of the stores is great.   I needed to find a dress for an office Christmas party, and I went to nearly every other mall on Long Island with no luck finding anything even remotely appropriate.  I went to Roosevelt Field the DAY before the event, during my lunch hour and found exactly what I needed.  This is exactly what makes Roosevelt Field great.   This mall is great to come to on off-times as there's often not an insane amount of people here.  My favorite time is to come during lunch hour at work.  I do not come here during the weekends, as it's normally insanely crowded.  I try not to come here after work either, as there are some shady people that walk this mall later at night. +3 stars for the selection, -2 stars for the limited amount of times it's bearable to come here.
I don't come to Roosevelt Field often, for the same reason that recovering alcoholics try to stay out of bars.  Arden B., Guess, Nine West, Express, Sephora, Nordstrom...ah...my poor credit cards.  Due to a recent resolution to put the litte plastic guys on a permanent vacation, I haven't been shopping much. I did venture inside this weekend for a visit with my roommate, and I'm proud to say I was very restrained and sensible. The mall is huge, clean, and not completely overrun with obnoxious teenagers. They have a wide selection of stores and carts, and tons of parking.  My only complaint is that their food court is kind of weak.  There are a bunch of those Chinese places with their orange chicken and soggy lo mein, a Subway, an Indian place (doesn't look very appetizing), a Wendy's, and a Johnny Rockets.  There just seems to be nothing in between the very low-brow food court and the higher-end sitdown restaurants like Houstons and  Legal Seafood. Perhaps one day when I have safely conquered my addiction, I can visit more often.  For now, I think once every few months is all I can afford.
I live in the area so this is my go-too mall....but honestly, I would most likely travel to this mall if I had too.  It's big, has a nice lay out.  If you're looking for a particular store, Roosevelt will most likely have it.  The surrounding restaurants are really nice.  They have a movie theatre, you can be here all day if you wanted....ah, love the mall - teehee!!!
Having been to many many malls across the US... This mall stands out as one of the best, simply based on the variety of shops.  The enormous size makes it difficult to visit each shop, but i never leave without visiting my favorite places... Overall, virtually all stores exist here, along with those specialty stores that can cater to the pickiest shopper... and it has a 24/7 gym..... i could honestly write for hours at the offerings of this mall, so i'll summarize. "IT HAS EVERYTHING" One warning: Don't be fooled into thinking that a weekday is less hectic, it still is packed...!
Great place to hang out!
One of the best...maybe the best mall in New York. It blows away Kings Plaza,Green Acres, SI Mall and Queens Center with the variety of shops, amount of (free) parking, food court size and access to other stores, a movie threatre and restaurants nearby. Some of the major stores include Macys,JC Penney, Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, Dick's Sporting Goods and Victoria's Secret. Some of the places to eat while shopping here include Panino Cafe, Auntie Anne's Pretzels,Ranch 1, Taco Bell, Starbucks and Sbarro. The beautiful LOEWS theatre is around the corner. As is a Cheesecake factory. Check it out, makes for a great shopping day.
I am a fan of this place, because of the mondo number of stores they have. But it is so crowded, and kind of confusing in structure. The food court is standard but there are so many awesome restaurants in the area, why would you eat here! It really is a great place to shop, if it were 30% less crowded, geez.
A nice shopping mall. This was the first time hanging out there, and this place was huge. Many stores were having 40~50% or even 70% discount yesterday, and I got a couple of good deals too. There are mostly clothing stores and the food court. But I couldn't find enough number of shoe stores. Since I was looking for a pair of nice looking dress shoes, the lack of shoe stores disappointed me a lot. Food court has so-so quality food, but don't be tricked: the price you see on the menu is w/o your drink. I had a chicken teriyaki meal for $4.99, but then it went up to $7.25 because I added a small drink. How is that? :(
I've gone to this mall since I was a wee little shopper. I love it. It has grown substantially since my childhood and definitely has something for everyone. I love the sunshine that streams through the upper level. Get the bourbon chicken. You will be happy you did. It's right on the corner closest to JC Penney and Mrs. Field's Cookie Booth. The other place to go is the little Indian food place. Great Naan and definitely if you are looking for some spice, you'll find it there. Stop by Godiva's Chocolate and be warmly greeted by with some delicious chocolate goodness. Try the dark chocolates...so yummy. The movie theatre is really comfortable with great seats and good amount of leg room. Go to Dick's for a great selection of sporting wear. They have some amazing stuff on sale and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
This is my favorite mall in Long Island. 1) Free parking 2) Plenty of stores that people can actually affort to shop (unlike Manhasset Americana mall) 3) Food court has a good selection of good eats 4) Don't forget about the restaurants outside the mall (use the exit near the Build-a-Bear store). Avoid the weekends! It gets super crowded and you will not find any good sales. Probably shouldn't go on a rainy day, I noticed many areas of the mall are leaking water into the mall. Valet parking (indoor lot near the M2 exit (shopping mall) is available.
I wish I knew how to quit you, Roosevelt Field. Takes all my money. I can't help but shop! And now with that red mango open downstairs, it is downhill from here. No seriously. It's a good mall. I bought my macbook pro from that apple store last month. :)
In my teens I could not wait to get my license so I can drive far, far away from the "old" Queens Center Mall and it's nonsense. Roosevelt Mall was where you could go without mobs of people and shady characters. Unfortunately, I feel like that same nonsense has found its way East. That being said the stores seem to have nothing for someone who is older than 22 years old and if they do they are WAYYYY over priced. I find myself slowly weeding myself off of Roosevelt Field Mall and ordering online to avoid the headache.
A shoppers paradise, if your not careful you will truly go broke here. With so many stores to choose from its hard to figure out where to begin. More sitting is needed for the food court!!!!
I go to this mall at least once every two weeks. Ample parking and I love that they have a Bloomingdales and a Nordstrom. There's something for everyone.
Well, this is possibly the second most popular shopping mall in and around the 75-mile radius of New York City. This shopping mall is also the one that I went the most in my life from birth to now. I like it since it has everything from Abercrombie to Zales and also have plenty of near-by destinations such as the Costco, Best Buy and Century 21. As well as a near-by Stop and Shop and Walmart just between the Best Buy and Costco. Back to the mall, it also has plenty of parkign spots as well as a decent sized food court and also has near-by food restaurants that can serve alternate to the food court ones. So that is why it deserves a 5 star rating. ~AWWang.
I just love this mall. I wish I lived closer so I could take advantage of all it has to offer more often, but such is life. There are stores here that don't yet exist in my mall (Smithhaven), so it's always a special treat for me when I venture out to Garden City. Roosevelt Field has two floors floors of everything- just waiting for my credit cards to make big purchases, and I make it happen. Urban Outfitters, Free People, Nordstrom, Bloomies...all under one roof. How could I be an unhappy camper? Plus, their food court is a step above the "average" mall food court.
Come here with plenty of $$$ this mall is one of the nicest malls i've been to.  Has all you need from your big stores like Macy's to Bloomingdales.  Apple to Sony.  Burberry to Abercrombie.   Lots of parking but remember where you parked as the mall is really big.
One of I.M. Pei's first architectural works, I have to say, there are plenty of times I lose my way here. However, that's not to say it isn't a good mall, or that it is hard to navigate. (It's just whenever you are looking for a particular kiosk...). They have a LOT of stores here, a great selection! Basically, you can live here. You have the post office, the Sleepy's, all the major department stores -- Macy's, Bloomie's, etc, and a pretty well stocked food court. The parking is well organized, and as long as you take note of your section and where you entered, you shouldn't have a problem. Because of how well stocked this mall is, however, this place can be a mad-house. Don't expect room to move during Christmas. Parking is scary on Black Friday. However, I have many good memories of this mall, and keep coming back. Note: all bathrooms I have been to are CLEAN.
This is a great Mall, the one thing I like about it is the food court is huge.  Something for everyone in the family to eat.  All the major stores can be found so perfect for shopping with my youngest age 12 to my oldest age 24. We meet grandma at the mall all the time and we eat at some of the restaurants that are on the outside are of the mall. Really convenient to get to right off the North Shore Parkway. Great place to go.
Hands down the best mall on Long Island. The reviews would be 5 star if the prices weren't so astronomical, but hey this mall is high end. Even Louis Vuitton has their own independent store here. This mall is always very very clean, always buzzing with life and you can get anything your heart desires at the massive food court. You will get tired and hungry because the mall seems to go on forever, after many years of patronizing this place I still tend to get lost sometimes.
Being someone who has lived 5 minutes away from Roosevelt Field my whole life, I have to say that I pretty much never go here. I know my way around like the back of my hand and know pretty much all the stores in the mall. And there are tons of them. There is a ton of selection for anything you are there for, whether it be clothes, purses, sunglasses, toys, books, sneakers, ANYTHING. It's large and clean. It is a five star mall. That being said, I always try somewhere else before heading to Roosevelt Field. Why? This place is a MADHOUSE. I can see why people go there, especially if they dont live in the area and are making a big trip out of it. But like I said, I live 5 minutes away and generally avoid the people, the traffic and the terrible drivers (seriously, AWFUL parking lots and worse drivers) like the plague. I have to give this mall 4 stars. I understand that it truly is a 5 star mall in terms of shopping, but being that I have grown so accustomed to it and truly prefer to shop where there are less crowds, I am only going to give it 4. One final thought: FIND A DIFFERENT PLACE TO GO AT CHRISTMAS TIME!!! This play gets crazy like you would not believe. I can not count how many accidents I have avoided and how many I have witnessed during the holiday season.
It's wonderful really if you've got nothing to do or some discretionary income that needs to be put to use. Or if you enjoy pointing out Gucci boy blow outs that scream too much hair gel and F me, holy sh*T, OMG I've landed in Long Island, NY. central meeting hub. On a serious note, the mall is very nicely constructed, well planed with a decent touch of well thought architecture, just not my first place to spend my discretionary income.
I hate this place and everything it stands for.  That includes but is not limited to: - Being friends with too many people from Long Island, or who liked going to Long Island malls for "fun" back in High School. - High School in general. - Long Island in general. - Long IslandERS in general (distinction is important, and worth its own disdain). - Malls in general. That said, their food court is shaped like a Zepplin, which is weird and fun.  And as far as malls go, you could do a lot worse.  It's still a mall though...
This mall has practically every store you could imagine and then some. Plan to spend the entire day, navigating around the various floors to find exactly what you are looking for.  If you love malls, then you will love Roosevelt Field. I give it four stars because its high-end with a lot of directories and helpful employees, but honestly I am not a mall person.  I love to shop but hate the crowds and the wandering around to find what I am looking for.  Guess I am spoiled with online shopping or just going to places that have a few stores.   If I was younger, this place would have been my hangout haven, even if my parents wouldn't let me "hang" at the mall.
I practically grew up in this mall! I worked at the Disney Store for a VERY brief period of time. Then the mall and I spent some time apart. Then I came back to work for Apple. I have since left Apple and I hope to NEVER work in a mall again, but Roosevelt Field still has a place in my heart! There is some nice high end shopping here and some great places to find deals. There is always something for everyone! They just got an American Apparel and a lululemon so they are moving up in the world. Don't expect good food in the food court, however there is some very nice dining at Legal Sea Food and other larger restaurants sort-of connected to the mall.
I used to work at Roosevelt Field Mall and I love it. There is always something going on and the entire community gets in on it as well as those from the boroughs. During the spring the girl scouts go around the mall trying to sell their cookies. Occasionally there is a concert going on or a huge sale is available to employees. All year round, the mall has its merry go round for children of all ages to enjoy. With its great variety of stores, I believe this is a must see destination for most families.
I'm not a real big fan of this mall. I try to avoid it and the surrounding area whenever possible. I have lived in and visited many different areas throughout the United States. Roosevelt Field is way over rated! My reason for opening this account and writing this review however ridiculous it may sound- The extremely sad, truly pathetic Easter Bunny display that they threw together in order to make a few bucks. What a waste of time! Don't even bother! I realize this may sound petty to some, however my little girl was very excited to see the Easter bunny for the first time this year. I thought for sure they would have an extravagant set up similar to a mall in NJ that I was just in this past week. What a let down! Doesn't anyone care around here anymore?? What a bunch of lazy asses! Step it up.
Roosevelt Field Mall is one of the best shopping malls I've been to. It has a large variety of stores, most of them popular brands as well as the well known department stores like Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Macy's, etc. They have a large selection of different types of foods all in one big food court. It's easy to navigate around the mall because of its layout and there's a huge parking lot. A majority of the parking lot is outdoors but if you park next to JCPenney, you get a roof to shield you from rain if there is any. Also, the location of this mall is excellent because just outside of the mall, there are a ton of well-known brand stores within a few miles in its vicinity. It's very clean inside and the stores are very neat themselves; I always see the janitors walking around sweeping.
Nordstrom and Bloomingdales all under one roof.  YAY! I live in the city but have been here with friends who live in Queens quite a bit.  Originally from Atlanta, I grew up loving malls.  Everything under one roof, versus walking around everywhere to find your favorite stores! Clean, great stores, and the crowd is diverse.
Very big mall. Plenty of stores. It can get hot in macys. Hard to find parking and there is a lot of restaurants around.
This mall used to be great but over the years it has gotten bad. They have three good anchor stores but the stock in those stores is very poor. The Macy's looks like a bomb exploded in it. The Bloomingdales is a huge disappointment. It doesn't carry any full lines of clothing and is way too small. The Nordstrom is low end compared to other Nordstroms. The food court is abysmal and the restaurants are lacking.   A lot of stores have closed and it looks like some new ones are coming in. Hopefully that will improve the shopping experience.
I've been here countless times, and what I look forward to everytime is... food court chicken teriyaki. I don't know what it is about MSGsauce-drenched steroidal chicken. It's a problem I'd like to not solve. Leave me be. All I ever needed in life were Anthropologie and Lululemon. Of course, I have to stop by Auntie Anne's.
Great mall with a ton of stores. Its also the only place on long island that I know of that has an Apple store. If you go there make sure you make an appointment beforehand or else your gonna wait because the store is always jam packed. This mall has plenty of places to eat and tons of clothing stores.  You really could spend the whole day here if you wanted to.
Stores upon stores, but couldn't find gloves for my son.  The real attraction for me here is the Apple Store.
In desperate need of summer clothes with without a ton of moolah to spend, my boyfriend Danny and I headed to the Roosevelt Field Mall over Memorial Day weekend to do some shopping and avoid the large crowds and lines in downtown Manhattan. I'd never been here before and funny story, this was the first place my mom drove to when she first got her license way back in the day (I'm talkin' the 1960's here) what a trip! Back to the mall itself, just like the other reviews say this place is HUGE, and packed with a plethora of nice mid to high end stores for all shopping tastes. I hate shopping, so I like to get in and out and here that was not a problem at all and the crowds were minimal. My only gripe, I paid $2.49 for a small bottle of Poland Spring from Sabarro. But that's their stupid pricing. Why is that place still in business anyway?! 4 stars for a swift and pleasurable shopping experience.
I unfortunately work very very close to this mall and have to deal with all the disgusting trashbags that shop here. The parking garage is a nightmare with typical long island morons who don't know how to drive. We have had over 10 of our companies cars vandalized and/or stolen since the security guards are useless and do nothing. It's actually mandated that we have a manager walk us to our cars at night because its so dangerous. Can't complain about the stores inside or the food court, it is what it is. Just a shame it attracts a horrible clientele. Between getting constantly bumped by people on their cell phones texting and not paying attention to the teenager girls yelling and screaming and carrying on like they are in a zoo. BUT if you go on a monday afternoon its tolerable,,,,too bad because this used to be a nice mall.
The first thing I always notice is the smell. Roosevelt Field smells fantastic. A weird thing to point out, but, it just doesn't smell like New York. It smells like you're a world away, so nice and fresh. A combination of the pretzel and candy shops, new clothes, cologne kiosks and food court, maybe? There's also a hint of New Car smell :) which makes some sense since there are always at least two luxury cars on display somewhere within the mall. I've had an ongoing love affair with Roosevelt Field ever since my childhood. I'm there often, even if it's just to roam around. The ambiance can't be beat for something around the 5-borough New York area. No other shopping centers in the vicinity come close, and I've been to all of them. There's something about the architecture, the construction, the way it's kept up. With natural light from its skylights and how big and clean it always feels, I always get the distinct impression that I'm shopping while on vacation someplace tropical. It's also generally filled with a good looking upscale Long Island crowd :) though there are also always plenty of bargains to be found. There also always seems to be something going on. Holidays see big, quality displays where kids can take nice Easter Bunny and Santa photos. My go-tos are Macy's for clothing bargains and Sephora for cologne bargains. You can also haggle at the cologne kiosks, and there are frequent sales everywhere. The food court is vast but could use an update. There are lots of choices but few unique or healthy ones: it's mostly cheap little chain places like Taco Bell, KFC, Subway, and all share a common cheaply-constructed seating area. I'd like to see some real restaurants open up, that would provide an ambiance and relaxing experience more worthy of, and in-tune with, the general Roosevelt Field experience. At least a bar & grill would be nice. I do enjoy their Chinese place, at which they're always handing out free samples. I then head back out to the Gateway Newstand, an average-looking kiosk outside American Eagle, for some really great chocolate (try the Almond Crunch, Haystacks, Turtles and Truffles). That quip aside, once you go to Roosevelt Field, all other malls seem inferior.
I frequented this place in my early- to mid-teens. I worked at various stores in Roosevelt Field Mall over the course of four years. I know all the inner workings and secrets. I'm sick of this place. Yet I'm constantly here... This is a really good mall. Very nice, high end stores (it can get expensive), and everything you need to spend an afternoon here (food, music, clothing stores, a bookstore, hair salon, movie theater...). Pick up a puppy at the pet shop on your way out.
PERSONS OVERLOAD. Holy crap, this place has got to be one of the most packed places I have ever had the displeasure of roaming around in for 4 hours on a Saturday. I know malls are generally packed on the weekends but I don't think I've ever come this close to having a hernia trying to get to the restrooms or food court. That said, I've never been to the RF mall so I wanted to make a visit and see what it was like. It's definitely spacious. Though with the addition of people, it begins to feel less so. Stars for the variety of stores though. I spotted some of my favorites: Dylan's Candy Bar (edible items with your name on them!), Urban Outfitters, Build a Bear Workshop, etc. Of course, the food court sucked. Finding a seat was like looking for hay in a needlestack. I got lazy and didn't check carefully, but I'm pretty sure I didn't see a Charley's (my go-to mall eatery). All in all, an unfortunate but not unpleasant experience.
I remember when they re-built Roosevelt Field. Coming from someone who grew up in Oyster Bay, whose closest Mall was the filthy, seventies trenches of the Broadway Mall in Hicksville, this was some treat! Although, I have a feeling this was a treat for most  Long Islanders. For risk of aging myself, it was also quite delightful that Long Island would be getting a Bloomingdale's. And a J. Crew. And a Banana Republic. And an Abercrombie & Fitch. Oh wow. It was every girls' shopping heaven. And guy's, too.The Zeppelin food court inside was the first of its kind on Long Island and featured many hard-to-find treats. The expansive stretches of marble floor added to the luxurious feeling of having so many high-end stores at your fingertips...or, eh, toe tips. However, this place is so damn big and follows no type of circular pattern whatsoever, so unless you have a photographic memory or a compass built in to the side of your neck, you will most likely have trouble finding your way around, and you will basically never, ever get back to your car when you're finally exhausted from running up your credit cards. If you need to "run in quick" for something, forget it. You won't have a clue where to park to get yourself close to that one store you need. This mall is also a mob scene. There are people everywhere. You may need to wait for the elevator...for a while. You have no chance of getting a Starbucks product. And...there are a few unsavory characters as well. While Long Island has moved up in the ranks and now features many of these high-end stores elsewhere, Roosevelt Field is still a lot of fun to visit if you have a large chunk of your day or night available, a large chunk of loot spend, or a large chunk of willpower not to.
COOL MALL.  My family and I go here a lot.  The reason is it has all the main stores and it has a lot of great stores around it.  The mall is clean and well organized.  There are plenty of restaurants and there is also a movie theater. We love to go to the Century 21 and other stores that are just up the road.   We eat at Legal Seafoods often which is connected to the mall so, that is always a hit. Also: It has Nordstroms...what else it there to say? : )
I've been going to this mall since I was a small child. Overall, my recent experiences here have been good. Not so crowded because this mall is large and there are many stores that sometimes have great sales. The only caveat is the holiday season. PEOPLE PEOPLE PEOPLE EVERYWHERE!!!! I don't want to go here that much because of all these crowds. I cannot believe that there can be so many people that it feels crowded in this big space. The food court is OK. It isn't so special. Same greasy offerings are here as anywhere else but no Chick Fila or whatever it is called... that favorite store of my boyfriend. He wouldn't want to eat here for that. I just find overpriced grease unappealing.
One of my favorite malls - from taking the bus 1.5 hours here in my middle school days to now. Super clean, big, and the food court has so many options. Lots of parking too :) Be aware it gets CROWDED as heck during holiday season.
Roosevelt is definitely one of my favorite malls in new York. It is HUGE! It has a huge selection of stores. You can easily get lost in here. The people here are usually pretty decent. Never too much drama which makes the shopping experience that much more pleasant. The only thing I feel needs some work is their food court. It's a huge circle but there isn't much seating. People always have to squeeze up next to others and the tables are usually a mess. They definitely need some help in the food court but for how crowded the mall gets its expected. They should expand the food court and then it would be the perfect mall.
This mall has everything you can think of. High end and low-end stores. Lots of places to eat. Definitely a good to place to go when you're looking for a good day of shopping. All the typical type of mall stores are here. Unfortunately there are a lot of people on the weekends and although their parking lot(s) are HUGE, spots are hard to come by on the weekends. I try to get here during the week. They have a lot of stuff for little kids. Family friendly. One of the most extensive malls in the area (even for nearby Queens).
While I am not old enough to remember Roosevelt Field as an open air mall, I do remember when there was only one floor and not the eighth largest in the US. I spent plenty of time walking this mall, learned to drive in the parking lot early on a Sunday morning. If you're looking to do some shopping or just some people watching, this is the place. You could spend a couple of hours here and not hit the entire mall.
Although the trip ranges from two to four hours from the Bronx depending on the combination of buses you take (it's a half hour by car, dammit), Roosevelt Field is an interesting suburban-style mall with a host of choices. I journeyed out here on a warm and sunny Friday to buy a dress for a special occasion while also trying out the new Veolia-operated NICE bus system. The buses are fine, I guess but the mall is pretty awesome! They have a bunch of different stores, ranging from mall staples like Hot Topic and Journeys to fancy-pantsy designer shops. Their Macy's is actually a very good one. Maybe I caught it on a good day but it was clean with a large selection and helpful service. I actually found my dress in about fifteen minutes (a personal record). But the best part of Roosevelt Field is its food court. I have never seen so many samples in my life! It's in a circular format so all you have to do to get full is walk around in a circle and stuff your face full of toothpick chicken, toothpick naan, and toothpick quesadillas. Food always tastes better on a stick! I only wish Roosevelt Field had more plus size options. Brotip: It seems like everything in Long Island is orange: the buses, the taxis, and some of the people.
I love this mall, it has a little of everything.  The different stores located here are pretty expansive.  The food court gives you a nice selection to choose from, food from India, China, Mexico, Japan, All American, Soups, fast food KFC and Wendy's to taco bell, well, you get the idea.  There are also a couple of sit in restaurant's located inside as well.   There are always new stores popping up and closing, so there is always something new to look forward to.
Love this mall. It's HUGE with every store you can think of, and stores I've never heard of.  The food court has a lot of options. It DOES get pretty crowded on the weekends, but that's expected.
Huge mall! 3 floors. Can get very confusing if you don't know where you're going. A lot of foot traffic.
I really like this mall. I liked the fact that it was right off the freeway! Overall, the mall wasn't too crowded, parking was easy, and the stores are great! There are two Sephoras, a definite plus... I wasn't too impressed with the Macy's, but then again you have the Bloomies and Nordstroms to make up for it. There's also a giant movie theater. It's actually closer to Brooklyn than the other mall, so I will definitely be coming back.
People seem to be making fun of the Long Islanders who shop here, and granted there has always been some South Shore LI trash that comes around, but theres an equal amount of Queens trash as well as emo teens that hang around here too. There used to be more decently priced and non corporate stores, clothing and otherwise at this mall, right after the big expansion in the mid-90's it was still affordable, for some reason, as more expensive stores came in, so did trashier people. I still miss that non chain Spencer's-like store where the Build-a-Bear sits now. I also miss the fountain in the JCPenney court. It gets some credit for its immensity and variety, but not much else. If you're a real masochist, try christmas/chanukkah shopping here in mid-December
I hate to admit it, but this LI mall is something.  Having gone there only once, (I had avoided it for many years) and that once being during the crazy holiday season, I was still was impressed.  Solid anchor stores, clean, vast and a diversity of stores.  Free parking and I was sold. The question is whether there is traffic going out from Queens.
If you don't have a car it's incredibly hard and expensive to get here. I live in NYC and I prefer this mall over any mall in NYC, from Queens Center to Manhattan mall. Macy's Nordstrom, JC Penny and Bloomingdales are the anchor stores. There are countless stores opening and closing but you can expect the same stores you'd find in any mall plus a few new ones. Yes there's an Apple Store, Hollister, Abercrombie and Banana Republic. The food court is a little too small for my tastes, considering the size of the mall you'd think there would be more room to eat. If you come on a weekend you're better off eating before hand.
Great mall Huge but kept very clean. Lego store and Dylans candy bar!! Many dinning options. Plenty of parking.
BIG and FULL OF VARIETY OF STORES. I came here maybe about 2 years ago and came back recently to visit. They look like they have more stores then before. They have Bloomingdale (high end) to Charlotte Russe. The mall's pretty clean and restroom big. Worth a visit if you love shopping. Note that you should wear comfortable shoes since the place is HUGE. You'll probably get a work out. Just note that parking can be crazy bad and sometimes your favorite stores may be miles apart.
I give the mall 4 stars because it is large, has a wide variety of stores and the parking lots are large and parking can usually be found, unless you go near or after a holiday. The stores inside the mall are all what I would consider great stores that I would go to. All the main department stores are here, plus Dick's sporting goods which used to be better when it was Galyans. There is an Apple store here which is ALWAYS packed. There are many nice little stores that are great to just stop in and then there are the normal mall stores like Gamestop, FYE, Hollister, A&E, Abercrombie etc etc. Also basement floor has a Radioshack which is garbage and I believe some fake 99centesque store. All in all Roosevelt Field is a really nice mall, however I came here way too often and it has lost some of its luster to me. I do come here still though but I always seem to either come late at night when it's less crowded or happen to hit during an hour where parking is a bitch. All in all coming here you can't really go wrong considering down the road a piece is about every other store on the face of the earth you could want to go to.
Great place for a long Islander to shop
This mall has everything you need!!  I've been to some malls across the country and Roosevelt Field has always been a top for me. The surroundings are very well kept and also has many good places to dine as well. If you want to just visit and browse, you wont get bored!!
I'd give this place a 4.5 stars out of 5 for the shopping experience, 4 stars for its convenience (parking & location) and 2 stars for the food court. This is one of my favorite malls since it is not as ghetto as other malls such as Queens Center Mall and Kings Plaza Mall. In addition, it offers a large selection of stores from the cheaper brand names such as H&M, Forever21, Aldo, Hollister, Gap, LOFT, and Zara to the what's considered "middle" such as Coach, Michael Kors, Cole Hann, etc. as well as more "high end" brands such as Burberry, Louis Vuitton and department stores like Nordstrom and Bloomingdales. Avoid the weekend unless if you don't mind the crowd. It is extremely difficult to find seating at the food court (esp. during weekends). Keep in mind that there are also eateries near the mall such as Chipotle, Red Lobster, Cheesecake Factory, D&B, Grand Lux Cafe, La Bottega, Waterzooi Belgian Bistro, etc. I mostly go to this mall for Burberry, Nordstrom and Bloomingdales. I can't speak for the other stores but the service from these department stores are superb 98% of the time. **Interesting fact: Roosevelt Field Mall is the 8th largest shopping mall in the United States! :)
Nice beautiful & large mall, good food court, varied vendors/stores.   BIG MINUS: Too little bathrooms
Doing some impulse shopping :)
Would have given it 5 stars many moons ago, but the overcrowding knocked off a star. I have alot of memories here, haircuts, shopping with my mom, friends, and more. But this mall has become so incredibly infested with people that aren't from Long Island. Avoid this place at all costs from friday to sunday. It's not even enjoyable with all those people. The best time to come to the mall is during weekdays when everyone's at work and all the teens are in school. The mall has a whole lot of stores, there's sure to be a store for someone here.
I have mix feelings about this mall. Its nice, clean and spacious but I never seem to find anything there.
avoid the weekend crowns. you've been warned. TIP - park at dick's! that's where you can always find parking!
my favorite mall!!!! they have everything! So many stores you can visit. I first visit couple of stores that I always go to and then walk around and visit random stores and sometimes go get something to eat and if bags get too heavy, i walk to the parking lot which is right next to the mall, and put all the bags inside and shop again!!!! nice food court!!! with a lot to pick from and with plenty of sitting areas. (actually only downside is that it doesn't have any stores too upscale ...like Louis Vuitton or Prada, etc.) but it's okay I don't go buy Louis Vuitton every day, but if I really want to I go visit Americana in Manhasset!!
Nothing special, just another mall. The difference is that it is far away from Manhattan. The nearby town is pretty though.
I worked at this mall for over 6 years, so I know it like the back of my hand.  The layout is easily shopable, even if you don't know your way around.  They try to organize hallways by prices/ style (except for carts and temp stores), so, for example, if your looking for dresses and gowns, you can hit all the non department stores at once on the 2nd floor down the nordstrom hallway.  The selection of stores is pretty wide, so you'll usually find what you want.  Check out the bloomingdale's sales racks for some serious discounts, and if you open a card with them, you get free valet parking year round.  You'll thank me during the holidays when you save 1hr + looking for parking.
Awesome mall! I'm glad they opened a Burberry within the mall. It has everything a girl can dream of within a single location, except ... I would rather prefer a Louis Vuitton store instead of a small department within Macy's. They have a lot of variety of stores ranging from Forever 21, Skecher's to Zara, Nordstrom, and Bloomingdales! Again .. if and only if they would add a LV, Gucci, and other stores so I don't have to trek out to Garden State Plaza in NJ. But, it is definitely one of the best malls that I have been to.
This is a great mall. There's such a wonderful variety of stores. They're constantly getting new little kiosks everywhere. And the restaurants that keep getting built or remodeled are wonderful. It's easy to lose time here when shopping and eating.
I think I'm one of the few people who actually enjoys coming to this mall.  The only time I dislike it is during the holidays when it's packed and to walk from one store to the next takes you 10 minutes.  The place is huge and has a bunch of stores that I cannot afford to shop in.  However, it does have some lower end stores that are still pretty well-known.  It's one of those places that you can go to and get all your shopping done in one place.
Big mall with pretty much any store you could think of. Great big name and small stores. good food options, in the food court and outside restaurants. The movie theater is so-so but you're not coming to the mall for the movies. parking can get a bit crazy but the basement or roof of the NORDSTOM garage is always easy to find spots.
I'm usually not into the general commericial shopping mall filled with stepford wives, milf-wannabees, toting around their 2.5 spoiled rotten children who are screaming so loudly that I wish punching people randomly were not illegal BUT I did totally love this place, it was like shopping in Soho minus having to be outside braving either the rain or sun pick your weather...
Only mall I shop at. Anchor stores are Bloomies, Nordstroms and Macy's. Good food court. Fabulous on site restaurants - Houstons, Seasons 52, Grand Lux, Havana Central, Bobby Burger Place, La Bottega. They also have Sur La Table and Wlliams Sonoma.  I never go to the movie theatre here becuase it's somewhat sketchy. There's a post office on the lower leval. Parking is fabulous. It gets very crowded on the week-ends. Best to get in and out from 0930-1300. Bring your wallet and your ATM card. Lot's of high end shops.
Oh goodness, I haven't been to Roosevelt Field in a very long time. I am generally not a fan of RF because 1-it's not that close to me compared to most other malls, 2-there is TOO MUCH there and 3-I don't shop at like 75% of the stores in there (Abercrombie, Hollister, Diesel, Betsey Johnson, etc). I just don't feel like dishing out that much money for a t-shirt. I have made the mistake of going Christmas shopping there...DO NOT DO THAT. I've also gotten lost in the parking lot...TOO MUCH OF IT! But it's okay, and there's a movie theater pretty close so that's always a plus. I would go more if I lived a little closer
Macy's is open until 8 on Sunday's
It's my favorite shopping malls.  It's the fifth (5th) largest mall in U.S.A.  It's very cleaned and well maintained.  The land that this mall sits on is historic for Charles Lindinberg's cross-Atlantic solo flight.  However Long Island's sales tax will put a whole in your wallet while you shop.  It has an assortment of vendors and brand name designers.  Management need more reputable banks inside this mall or ATM machines for shopping patrons.
I love going to the mall.  It's one of those few totally suburban things that brings me joy.  They have just about everything here.  From Sephora to the big flagships like Bloomie's.  I was here using a coupon for the Timberland store (incidentally, the only one in the state of New York) and also enjoyed an Auntie Anne's pretzel, a few tacos from Sole Mex, and an aqua massage! Yeah I know, I'm a dork. lol
Maybe I just loathe spoiled rich kids & guidos, not to mention shopping malls in general, but I find The Roosevelt Field Experience to be overpriced & almost always intolerable.
Although I'm from Brooklyn, I've been coming here since I was in grade school when my parents or my uncle wanted to take a drive out of the way. When I was younger my view of Roosevelt was: "Whoaaa, this mall is hugeee!" Fast forward to age 23/24 and my view of Roosevelt is [still]: "Whoaaa, this mall is hugeee!" Only difference now is that they no longer have FAO Schwartz (instead Build-A-Bear) and I appreciate the clothing stores wayyy more!
From what I hear, this is one of the biggest malls in the country, and I believe it. A lot of people, especially in the 13-21 year old range, come to chill here. I don't like doing that myself, because I go crazy in a huge mall if I'm there too long, but it really is a very expansive and complete mall. I've bought everything from clothing, sporting goods to jewelry at one of the stands here, and it's all good stuff. Not too many great deals though. I would highly recomment taking a lap around the food court and collecting as much free chicken as possible. Especially the bourbon!
Alright, alright. All malls across the US have all the same stores. We know that. But this place still is the best place to shop in Queens/LI area. There is plenty of free parking (which dont have to pay for) and endless hours of fun. OK I am being sarcastic. But yea...this is another mass produced USA thing, but I still come here when I need to find something for myself or others. I like the fact that they have Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie and J Crew all in one place. Its hard to get that combo all in one. I am also a Nordie whore, so this place is my opium den. LOL. BTW...they have a Wendy's, which is my fave fast food place. I know, its the little things in life that make me happy :)
This mall is huge and the traffic is consistent. 3 floors and the only thing i hate about it is youll get lost in here. Seriously. Lol
Being the largest mall in the state of New York, it's no wonder so many people come visit Roosevelt Field Mall from all directions. It's located right next to the Meadowbrook parkway and there is also a dedicated highway exit for the "shopping mall." It's also in close proximity to "The Source" mall and other stores such as Best Buy and Target. Almost every major store you can think of is within driving distance from the Mall. The mall is surrounded by a huge, free parking lot and parking garages for the department stores with sections that offer valet parking. The parking lots are usually full of cars, but parking is still relatively easy to get depending on which section you are in. The roads around the mall are circular with U-turn lanes at certain points. There are two main entrances as well as some side entrances, but people usually drive in through Steward Ave or Old Country Road. You can probably find what you need since the mall is vast, with an upper level, main level, and a small concourse level. During the holiday season, I tend to avoid this mall as it is buzzing with people. There is a food court on the 2nd floor near JC Penny's but it's a bit difficult to secure seating. A restroom is located near the food court, but it's a busy location because it's the only restroom in the upper level. The restroom stalls inside look classy though with nice doors that look like real doors. I forget but I think there was marble floors and beautiful sinks. In this whole mall, there are only two restrooms, the one I mentioned and the one on the first floor next to Forever 21. You'd have to walk a ways down a hallway before you get to the restroom. Sometimes, I feel a little apprehensive if I walk down alone even with sufficient lighting and there are guys standing there waiting for the women, or so I think. The seats in the mall are cushion comfy and not cheap looking. Usually, shoppers take advantage of these seats for a good rest. The mall is maintained very well and clean. I wish this mall had a real movie theatre located inside the mall, but it doesn't. This mall does have an AMC Theater that can be reached if you walk outside the mall around the side where Modells or the Grand Lux Café is, but AMC is only showing certain movies. Some stores I like to visit when I'm in the mall are: A|X Armani Exchange, Apple Store, Rhuehl, JCPenny, Macy's, Nordstrom, Charlotte Russe, New York & Company, Urban Outfitters, H&M, Guess, Merle Norman (but they moved), Bath & Body Works, Payless, Gamestop, The Pet Company, Brookstone, Teavana, U.S. Post Office (not much of a line there) Lately, due to the recession, I'm seeing a lot of stores move out of the mall. It's sad actually, but I think less people go to the mall now. When I came here on Sunday, there were actually a lot of parking spots left on the main level of the garage. Also, on Sundays, the mall closes early around 7:00pm, but opens later to 9:30pm on other days. PROS: Free parking, many stores, have comfy seats for resting, clean, well-maintained CONS: Only two restrooms in the mall, usually is crowded on weekends or major holidays
There is a reason why people from all the boroughs and all parts of Long Island come here-- it is simply the best mall in NY. This mall has changed incredibly over the past decade or so, yet it somehow manages to have something for everybody. As others have said, Saturdays are the worst day to go there. The parking lot & the mall itself will be packed almost wall-to-wall. You're better off swinging by during a weeknight. All that said, you can only imagine how bad Christmas shopping is.
There's probably a store for every single thing you may need. There's also lots of parking. The downside to the mall I would say is the lack of store maps; can take a while trying to find the place you're looking for.
This mall has everything a girl can ask for! My favorite is definitely Nordstrom! Coming from a city where I had 4 Nordstrom's within 20 minutes driving distance from me, you can see the joy I experienced when I found this place! They have both low and high end stores as well. Definitely a one stop shop!
Excellent Oversized Mall with plenty of variety....from Armani Exchange to Macys...nearby abundance of restaurants and cinemaplex can enhance your shopping day!!
Oh joy-The Mall. I love to hate this mall. Lots of teenyboppers and shiny glass and floors. Grab a hot butter-soaked pretzel from Aunt Annes and get ready to spend your hard earned money for no particular reason. Go to Spencers for the umpteenth time and play with the $12 fart machine that noone ever buys. Drool over the baseball  memorabilia at  Steiner Sports worth more than your house. Lots of white teeth and tight jeans to gawk at while you slurp your $4 fruit smoothie. Buy your shirt and slacks and get outta there!
I miss this mall. This mall had pretty much every store that I loved(or now love)in this mall. I always hated the food court because it was so crowded but hey you know its a mall so you just have to deal. This mall had lots of stores to see and checkout. I just wish I had checked out some of the stores that I like now back when I lived on Long Island.
This mall was bustling. Two floors, 270 stores, clean food courts and restrooms, free multi level parking, and friendly staff; Roosevelt Field Mall is easily one of my favorite malls. Even with the hordes of Long Island moms with their strollers, teens and preteens with their dates or in their cliques, the stores allowed me to shop at my leisurely pace. I really enjoyed the store selection. Yes, its mostly brand names and department stores but that is the reason you come to a Mall. You can get the latest fashions for cheap (and cheap quality) at Zara and H&M, and the last season's selections and some new material for the various brands a girl might want: Anthropologie, Lucky Brand, Burberry Brit, Juicy Couture. Their Mac and Apple store was packed, the former with tweens and their moms, the later with families and the Generation Y'ers, playing with various toys. If you are so inclined (and have the dough), you could also purchase a Fiat, sitting in the middle of the first floor. Roosevelt Fields, I will be back. And as for you, Burberry Brit, I will dream of your asymmetrical white washed leather biker jacket.
If you need something...and I mean anything...this is the place to go. Just have your wallet ready.
BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!  Is this a review of a MALL?!  It's a mall.  Just like every other mall.  Big building with tons of stores in it.  Probably the same stores you find at every other mall.  What gives?  I mean, compared to Green Acres this mall is a paradise.  You can walk out with what you bought and make it to your car without getting robbed.  But...I don't know.  I don't know how to review a mall, I guess.  Probably because I hate them?  :D
An old haunt of mine from my high school days, Roosevelt Field is the ever expanding mall. At one point they called themselves the largest mall on the east coast. Everytime I go there I feel like they've added ten new stores.  And there literally is a store for everyone-- from the modest budget to the more high end, there is a little something for everyone. Only draw back is that because it has everything imaginable, it gets super crowded really quickly. Avoid Roosevelt Field on the weekends as it gets nuts. And eat before you get there because the food court gets ridiculously crowded.
Great mall, has everything!
When I was in school in Long Island this was one of my favorite places to be...the mall! I loved this mall. It had everything that I needed.
So many stores, I never know where to start. Wait, nevermind, the puppy shop is always where I go first!
I don't venture out to Roosevelt Field Mall that often, but when I do, it's usually a decent experience. This mall is pretty big and in my opinion, it suits the needs of the big spender as well as the blue collar worker. There's something for everyone. There are stores for individuals who like urban wear as well as stores for those who prefer a more sophisticated look.
LOVE LOVE LOOOOVVEEE this mall! It is such an amazing mall for a young girl like me. I've been going here since I was a little girl & my eyes light up every time my father mentions that we're going here. Lots of different stores for every type of person.  The food court is probably my favorite part haha but securing a seat during the weekend at the food court is a hectic task, one which I skill after about 10 minutes or so. I've been here only twice during a week day & I have to say, if you want to avoid lines & crowds, come then.
I love this mall! I remember coming here as a kid and sometimes I come in here as an adult if I'm in the vicinity. It's gotten way more upscale then it used to be so be prepared to get some sneers while you browse or to drop some money. The bathrooms seem to be in need of help but everything else about the mall is clean and cool. The mall is pretty big, there's a lot of different kinds of stores to check out and a pretty decent sized food cart. The starbucks cart has the longest line in the world.
This is your typical big mall with all the typical big stores.  It's a pretty good place to shop because they carry just about everything.  But if you are looking for something beyond the typical cookie cutter kinda stuff you won't find it here.
Slowly changing.  Many of the smaller non chain stores went out of business.  Also I would advise against being there on a friday or saturday night.  When I worked there a few years ago, there were some mugging and rape attempts.  Security was slightly beefed up afterwards, however it does need further measures.
Do I really need to write a review for the Roosevelt Filed Mall?
Went here for some black friday shopping and must say that this place is a different world during the crazy shopping bonanza days. The mall has a great variety of stores to suit everyone's needs and budgets. I did like the inclusion of the new Microsoft store, giving Apple some competition.
Probably the best mall I've ever been to hands down. You know you're from Nassau when you say you're going to "The Mall" and everyone knows you're talking about Roosevelt Field :)
