Fabulous store location! Re-doing my room aqua and found so many awesome things! :D
This HomeGoods has the best selection near me in my opinion. I've gone to many and prefer this location at Rockville Center over Hempstead, Merrick, and Port Washington. My friend purchased dining chairs for $79 each. Never ever seen it that low. And the delivery just arrived the day before so she was lucky to have snagged them up. Store associates are ok. Not the most helpful I've encountered. Large Furniture and rug selections.
Great place to go for gifts and something for your own house. Home Goods has things that have a reasonable price, other stuff that's a little on the pricy side, and things thar are way too expensive. You should definitely come here for decorations, gifts, or household items
I practically live here! This particular Home Goods always gets the greatest furniture and knick - knacks. I also love the ever growing assortment of high end towels. The staff are very nice as well. I do find that sometimes they do not have enough cashier's stations open, and  you have a bit of a wait to pay for your purchases,  and the store tends to be a dash too warm for my liking. That said,  this is my neighborhood Home Goods and I was thrilled when it first opened up ...and the thrills continue! My most recent visit I purchased a gorgeous 3 ft  sitting Buddha, and new guest bath towels. It  also has a decent  sized parking lot which houses a great pizzeria / restaurant, wine store and Rite Aid -- parking usually is not a problem. There really is not much more that can be said. If you need something for your home or for a home warming gift ...go here!
Home Goods have a lot of phenomenal pieces, they are always fully stocked with all households items. I went here once and fell in love with all there decor. rumor is this home goods is the best of them all!!!!
I love this location in Rockville Center.   First off, the store is extremely organized.  Granted I went in the summer, and not during the holidays, I was still impressed.  The staff was attentive and helpful.  Plenty of people to ask questions and to help you with things.  The store is fairly large compared to other locations I've gone to.   I came in search of pretty smelling things. Hand soaps, handwash, draw liners, etc.  Upon finding that aisle I stayed there about 15 minutes just looking and smelling everything.  What a wide selection of products.   I browsed the other sections and saw many more things I was interested in.  From the chairs, to hampers, and wall decor I was looking around in amazement.   I really love this store.  The only drawback was the wait on line.  (The cashier managed to let someone leave the store without signing the credit card receipt and had to track them down to pay.  I didn't want the poor man to lose his job so I quietly and patiently waited for him to return.  He literally bolted out of the store.)   I will DEFINITELY be back to this HomeGoods location!
Great place to find: - glass vases for centerpieces at my wedding at an amazing $10-14 per vase! - Wicker baskets with my niece's name printed on it for $20 - Awesome soaps and lotions from around the world (or at least they look like they're diverse) - place settings, towels, cutting boards, fruit baskets - all above average in style! Bottom line - if you have a home, event, or kids, you'll find something here to make your decor stand out! ps - the checkout line is often very long and rather slow :(
I love this place. They always have such an eccletic selection of items for all areas of the home.  This is the only HomeGoods I have been to and it's very organized and clean.  Prices are very reasonable and the quality of things I have bought here have always been great.  My only issue is that it's at least 30 minutes away from where I live. There is one in Brooklyn that is closer so I may have to try that one.
I love Home Goods!  I've been shopping at this location for years & I still love it! Seriously, this place has everything you need for your home.  From kitchen to bathroom to bedroom to living room....everything!  I love roaming the store & getting lost looking for things I don't really need, but things I WANT!  And I WANT it all! I have yet to go to this store & not buy a new mug or a wine glass.  And I always pick up a bag of gummy sharks here!  It's like there is always one bag & it's just for me! Best place to find great gifts at Christmas & holiday decor any time of the year. The parking lot can be a problem, but patience often prevails. Their pricing is still the best.
Came back when I had more patience and got a big gorgeous painting of the Brooklyn Bridge for 60 bucks! Looks great hanging up in the living room. The staff is friendly....furniture is overpriced.
I am a huge fan of home goods but I am a regular at the one in merrick. Being the one in rvc is closer to my home and people told me it was "the best one!" I decided to try it out. With a $100 gift card in hand, I planned on buying everything I wanted. I know home goods is a "hit or miss" situation, but this was definitely a miss. The store layout was weird, everything felt like it was in disarray, and I left after buying a bottle thing, a plastic bowl, and a waste basket. Needless to say, I'm going back to merrick next time.
While you can find some great deals there... It takes forever to check out. The place is always mobbed and they never have enough registers open. They can have a line halfway down the store with 2 registers open. Make sure you give yourself plenty of time if you plan on going. The parking lot there is a mad house as well.
We can always find something there :-)
This HomeGoods is kept in fairly good condition always with a decent assortment of plateware, furniture, kitchenware, bedding, towels, and lighting. Sometimes things can be cluttered along the shelves, but the staff does a fairly good job maintaining the grounds. There are usually always a few employees taking care of broken items and reorganizing items. I also find that their furniture is kept in good condition, where some other locations have a worn look or even damaged.
My wife and I love Home Goods. They have some very interesting knickknacks among other things. Staff it's very friendly, professional, and knowledgeable
