great gym all around: the equipment is up to date and always being cleaned, the gym itself is spotless, the variety of classes is unlike any I've seen elsewhere, they offer physical training, have a kosher cafe on premises, professional and friendly staff from the receptionists all the way down to the maintenance crew, racquet ball and basketball courts, steam room and saunas and showers (bring your own towel) The only cons: steep monthly pricing compared to competitors and annoying music (bring headphones)
The only reason why this club gets any stars is because the actual facility is top notch. As a long tenured indoor cycling instructor I have seen the good, the bad and the ugly members at almost every gym in the NYC area.   Quite honestly, Life Clubs members are some of, if not the, most I'll-mannered, rude, self-important and obnoxious people I have ever instructed.   No, it is not ok to: 1) have ongoing conversations while spinning class is in session, for 30 minutes (4 pairs of members) 2) ignore the no cell phone signs and choose to use your cell phone during class. 3) interrupt the instructor repeatedly because you do not like the music used in class (especially when you were one of the witches who was talking to one of her coven throughout the class). 4) repeatedly interrupt the instructor because you and only you, think the music is too loud.  If the music is too loud AND YOU HAVE EAR PLUGS IN, you probably have a medical condition which precludes you from taking any group fitness class. The members boorish behavior was so bad that I had to end the class 30 minutes early. Several members pulled me to the side after I had to end mid class and told me it has been an ongoing problems with the members in question.  It is quite obvious Life Clubs has chosen to let the "inmates run the asylum"
Great gym super clean great equipment nice staff has a cafe and a big basketball court better than any other gyms in area don't go at 4:00 place gets crowded with yeshiva kids who are loud and give me a headache heshy the cook in the cafe is a wundarmench great food and shula his bride makes a great salad lots of nachas to them Mazel tov
Arguably, one of the best weight training facilities in the south shore. I love coming here because of the warm, inviting, and professional staff. The staff greets you upon your every arrival. That's a big plus for me, customer service that is. They also have the great personal trainers who specifically designs programs to your individual goals.
NEVER GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS! You will never get off their list no matter how many times you ask politely via email and phone. I can not recommend this gym to anyone.
I had inquired about this gym because I was looking for one closer to home. I don't usually write reviews but I felt compelled to do so after my experience. I was corresponding by email with a very nice sales guy, but only to waste my time and his. I had asked for the price and types of memberships but he insisted that I come visit the gym first. Like most, I'm on a strict budget, and I will not pay more than $50 to use a gym, especially when I'm not using the shower. I had received a really nice tour, the gym was nice, clean looking but small. I almost had a heart attack when he told me the cost of $74 a month, not including the enrollment fee and because I lived in the area, he was taking $200 off of the enrollment cost. I'm a hospital worker and I'm usually offered some kind of discount or free month, but I wasn't offered any, and I inquired. If it didn't cost so much I would have joined because I could easier jog, walk or bike to this location but I won't be because $74 is outside my budget. I'm giving it 3 stars based on my experience not use of the facility.
Joining this club really was one of the best decisions of my life! The equipment is up to date and the facility itself is amazing. Very affordable for anybody plus they have an amazing staff. Great personal trainers who will help you achieve your goal and help guide you on great nutrition plans. The parking lot is very big and if it gets packed they offer free valet service!
