I used to go more regularly, but lately I've been slacking. I still have to give this place a stellar review though because it's the only way that I've every really enjoyed getting in shape and seen results (quickly)! This is the only healthy place that I have craved and actually miss upon not going. The space is so calming and comfortable in a very non judgmental environment. There's no gym feel and everyone comes in all shapes and sizes and is encouraged to practice at their own pace. The instructors are full of encouragement and push you only if you welcome it, even then they are gentle and give you little tweaks just to make the poses that much better. Even if you disappear for a few months and come back  they always welcome you back with open arms. (Favorite instructors: Nikki, Flor and Hana...I haven't had classes with anyone else but I hear that they are all great). The energy in the room always makes you feel back in control of yourself and centered.   As far as the workout goes, its gentle but you really feel the results. If you don't like the treadmill, straining your body or doing "mindless" exercise the gym but would rather have an exercise regimen that engages your mind and makes you aware of your body while trying to achieve physical and mental health, this is the place. I need to multitask and I need the mind to be as engaged as the body - therefore each class is a little piece of calmness and zen for your body and mind (think a massage and decluttering for your brain). When you leave, you feel that you have done something. I only attend the hot yoga classes and you will sweat a lot, so I suggest bringing a towel, mat and ice cold bottle of water (but you can rent mats and buy water in the office). Get there 15 minutes early in order to stretch and ease into the practice. I've frequented many yoga studios and gyms but this one , by far, has been my favorite...the only problem is that it is very pricey for me so I wait a little bit and use groupons when I can. It is worth the investment overall. Another favorite aspect of this studio is that their scheduling is fantastic with late evening classes - not many yoga studios offer this luxury. TIP: if you don't live within walking distance the leave time for parking especially during the later part of the week around dinner (there are a few busy restaurants around the area). Highly recommended. Use a groupon, but buy the 20 classes because you will need them.
In my quest for a studio that does not feel like a gym, I found this spot online. It's located on a busy strip in long beach. I arrived at 9:15 for a 9:30 vinyasa flow class. Gave myself the extra time to register and find a spot for the session. So I get there to find the entrance at 54 was closed. I waited a few mins then called the number on the website. There was no answer. After 10 mins, I saw a yogi with a mat enter an open door at 58. I decided to see if this leads to the place I'm looking for. Went up the stairs then down a hall way to find two women chatting away in a room/office space. The woman behind the desk looks up my name then asked for payment. I stated, I paid online. I filled out a half page form. The woman took the form then pointed to the hallway. She said, the class is just down there. I walked to the class to find there is no floor space. Went back to the office to ask about attend another class. The second woman in the office chimes in this time. She said, there's only 17 people in there. It's enough space for 22. I'm thinking, maybe there's a corner of the room I did not see the first time. We returned to the room. The second woman tells the participants in the room, "you know know this work. Move over!"  She was able to squeeze me and three other participants into the room. And, there was no corner that I missed the first time. The yogi next to me was 2 inches away on my right and the wall/door was another 2 inches away from my left. Needless to say, the person in front of me was about 3 inches away. The wall behind me was the furthest, maybe one foot away. There was not enough space to get into the warrior poses. The pigeon pose was interesting as well. I had to be do careful the entire session not to bump into the person next to me or the wall. Michelle, instructor, was very helpful. She went around the room to adjust each yogi. Granted, there was no space for her to demonstrate the poses. I will continue my hunt for a studio close to home. Until then, Brooklyn, I'll see you tomorrow at 10:00 am for my dose of vinyasa flow and a good sweat!
Came here with a groupon and tried out the gravitational yoga-- instructor was excellent. I found the class to be a little fast pace and challenging but in a good way. Definitely allows you to test your 'core' muscles and upper body strength. The studio was quaint and cute. I wasn't a fan of leaving my shoes at the bottom of the steps where anyone can walk in and take them but other than that I felt the studio was perfect and met my expectations!
I'm so disappointed in this place. We went back a few times after purchasing a groupon, and I never got the "comfortable" feeling that we got in the other studio we've gone to.  The classes can get very, very busy - and I'm glad that they're doing well in their sales - but I dont think the level of the class in the description accurately denotes what the class entails.  We did have one instructor, Colleen, that we absolutely loved - she was very involved with her class, and her instruction, and she walked around to make sure we were doing things correctly, she demonstrated the different moves.  I mean, I'm no expert, but I'm guessing if we're going to be manipulating the position our body is in, and stretching, the point of a class is to make sure we're doing it properly (perhaps to avoid getting hurt). I'm bummed because we never truly felt comfortable here...and its right up the block from where I live.  But I let my classes expire and I seriously doubt I'll be going back any time soon...groupon or no groupon.   I also found it highly inappropriate that the owner contacted a friend of mine and disputed her review....and her review wasn't even totally negative, she was just explaining how she felt about the classes.
Went here with my girlfriend and my mother for a restorative class.  The instructor was super nice and extremely patient.  My girlfriend had very bad stomach cramps and the instructor gave her extra attention.  For a restorative class though they were a bit short on equipment, not many bolsters, blankets and there were no eye or hand pillows.  A big problem for us though was the layout of the studio.  It didn't feel right to have to walk through the studio to get to registration and when we got there it was a bit harried and disorganized, don't think they expected the large class size.  It's a pretty backyard with trees and all, it seems the classroom might work better with the office in the front and the yogi teaching the class with a tree as the backdrop instead of loud Park Ave. I'd go there again though and give it another try.
One of my favorite yoga studios and possibly the best in Long Island.  They cater to all levels, from beginners to advanced yogis.
I've been coming here with my friend with a Groupon while our Yoga Studio's recovering from Super Storm Sandy.   When the lady found out I had a Groupon she was not very pleasant.  :/  Too bad.  I hate when people do that! It's a nice place and I like the heated rooms.  It's on the second floor on Park Avenue right across from the LIRR. They say all classes are open level though I really feel like some are too advanced to call them open level.  It can get discouraging when the entire room is doing head stands except for you.  Also, I have trouble hearing the instructor's directions and find myself looking around the room, copying the person next to me who most likely also didn't hear the instructor and we're both sitting their in a strange posture not knowing what we're doing! haha
I have taken the non-heated classes at 70 degrees with Flor and a heated class at 90+ degrees with Kat. For both kinds of classes: The studio is immaculate and very zen.  It's got enough space for a class of fifteen to fit comfortably. They use a keychain on your card for membership. Class very late. An open class at a business should start on time. However, it seems that the studio doesn't really care about clocks. The class before us ended late; that's why we were locked out. Maybe they're in a yoga time warp. Every class I took also got out late. For the hot class: This class was supposed to be a vinyasa class, which is all about movement and flow. Instead, we were stuck in these positions, holding them and feeling them and breathing through them. And sweating. We mustn't forget the profuse sweating. Then came the "feel bad about yourself" portion of the class, which was the majority of it. Her teaching style emerged as one-third motivational, one-third school yard taunting, and one-third bad parenting. I guess she was mock-reprimanding, but when you are taking a class with someone for the first time, that tone is not encouraging. One friend who came with me was taking a yoga class for the first time, and the instructor had asked if anyone was new, and the instructor clearly said she'd be around to help, and she never came over. For the non-heated class: Some sweats are uncomfortable, like when you're all gussied up in tight jeans and heels and a tight boob shirt and you're walking through the city in the summer. That's a bad sweat. Yoga sweat is a good sweat and in the non-heated class, it wasn't as much. The instructor's tone and adjustments were gentle at first and then more powerful while she said  good good good. She moved onto inversions, which I don't do.  Coming out of savasana, I felt very loose and stress-free. I went back weekly until my package ran out.  Though early on weekend mornings, I loved this class.
Good atmosphere, nice space, and friendly people. This place is good for anyone regardless of their level and experience with yoga. Like any other place you should really check the schedule before you take a class so you know what time the class starts, who will be teaching and what type of class you will be attending. Make sure you are on time because they lock the doors once class begins. Bring your own mat or you can rent one. Bring your own towel (you will need it!) The instructors: Which ever instructor you have you will seriously feel stronger and please with yourself for making it through the class. Kat seems to be more patient and encouraging Hana switches up a lot and can be hard to follow if you are not familiar with all the poses but she reminds you that it is alright to modify a pose.   There are more instructors but I've mainly had classes with Kat and Hana.   No matter who is teaching be prepared to leave this place drenched. You will seriously leave feeling stronger, limber, and refreshed.
The instructors are friendly and amazing. I'm very picky with yoga studios and been to a countless number of them but LB yoga is my favorite! I found that my body has the greatest results here. I've become more limber and definitely increased in strength. Bottom line: great work out. I love that Hana teaches the principles of yoga and brings in audio as well. It really does make yoga complete. I drive over from Queens (yes, it is a far drive but it is absolutely worth it), and parking is huge for me. Needless to say, you wont have any problems. It does get a little busy in the summer but I still haven't found any problems.
Great location, but bad instructors. Especially the owner. Just not competent.
Very cozy and clean! (both of their studios-Lynbrook and Long Beach!) Nicely decorated and always smells great. They offer a wide variety of class times and styles of yoga...each instructor has something different and great to offer! I really enjoy practicing at YLB and have been since 2010. They keep making updates and adding classes keeping everything new and fresh.
