This studio and the classes provided have changed my life. Yeah, yeah, I sound like a drama queen - but truly - this has made an incredible difference in my physical health, in my mindset/perception, and in my overall balance. I have been in the newbies class for a while now, and yeah, for the folks looking to sit on their asses, do nothing and hit the wine bar afterwards for relaxation and 'me time' - its not for you. Yoga here, even at its beginning stages, asks you to look within, and practice without. They challenge you, not in any way that might make you uncomfortable, but they challenge you to try your best, to be your best self. Again, you are not going to sit on your ass. I feel like a lot of disappointed 'newcomers' are let down for that very reason. Yoga is a workout; meditation and relaxation are just the intro and outro. My instructor, for the majority of this year, has been Amanda. Amanda is so full of knowledge, insight, guidance, professionalism and intuitiveness. She is a blessing. In the beginning stages, you will be comfortably challenged, but you will also grow, evolve and be enlightened beyond your expectations. I pay a $20 "drop-in" fee to take my class, and every time I feel like I'm walking away with a priceless gift.
I thought I ought to update my original review now that...I'm a member.  I just joined a week ago.  In the short amount of time I've been practicing, my muscle strength and hamstring flexibility have increased.  I feel calmer.  And it's a special space for me: an oasis, where I can rest my weary mind and heart for awhile. I look forward to each class session.  I am challenged by both my teacher and myself.  I have had classes with just about every instructor by now, and I like them all.  I have yet to feel judged, looked down upon, or pushed beyond my safe limits by anyone; Revolution Yoga is a safe haven for me to comfortably explore my boundaries and work to grow beyond them. I look forward to being a member here for as long as my finances and living situation allow.  What a gem this place is, and how lucky I am to have it nearby.
I had a disappointing experience at Revolution yoga. As a newcomer to yoga practice, I stopped in a few days prior to attempting a class to see the studio and ask about appropriate classes for beginners. A lovely gentleman gave me a class schedule and took the time to circle the classes which would be appropriate for me. I met the owner who was also very nice. After selecting one of the classes I'd been informed were appropriate for a beginner, I arrived prior to class time as instructed to fill out the paperwork. Some of the questions pertain to your experience with yoga and physical conditions you might want instructors to be aware of. I was surprised therefore when the instructor did not ask if anyone was new to yoga, or had any pertinent physical conditions. What followed was a class definitely, in my opinion, not for beginners. There was an assumption of knowledge of yoga terminology,  how to flow from posture to posture with postures being held for a single breath. It was fast-paced and I was lost in no time. It also seemed  that my increasingly frantic efforts to try to do any of it would result in my getting hurt. Discouraged and disappointed, I left about mid-way through. The lovely young lady at the desk declined my offer to pay for the class, and indicated that perhaps the class was better suited to someone who had attended "2 or 3" sessions previously. Not too sure about that.   Intellectually I understood that OK, maybe the wrong class was suggested to me, but emotionally it was such a let down, as I had been really looking forward to a nice experience. Update: Yesterday I got a phone call from Revolution yoga inviting me to attend a complementary newbie class. I appreciate this very much and will certainly give Revolution yoga another try. Hopefully, a disappointing start will turn into a great relationship.  Props to Revolution Yoga for following up with me.  Increasing my rating to 2 stars, to be continued...
I went into Revolution Yoga one Sunday and the woman at the front desk could not answer any of my questions.  She took my cell phone number and my email address so the owner could contact me.  Two weeks later no one contacted me, I called and left my number again and three days later still no call from anyone.  I called again today and the person answering the phone said he did not "think" they offer any massage even though it is listed as a service on their website.  I asked if I may speak to someone who might know and he said the owner is a teacher and is busy giving classes when she is in.  OK, so how does one get information from anyone at Revolution Yoga?  This is some way to run a service business.
Love their classes. Instructors are very nice!
The studio is very small and the floors are uneven and dirty. the times that I have been there the teachers have arrived late or just in time. The kids that are at the front desk usually do not appear to know whats going on. The parking there is horrible. If you can find parking on the street yo have to pay for it before 6pm. The energy is shaky at best and the classes are not interesting or well put together. I wold never go back there. I did give it a couple of trys, but when I practice I enjoy feeling insipired through mind,body and soul. Un fortunately I did not find that there. Disappointed. :( "The goal of life is found within, not in institutions"
For the most part, I greatly enjoy the classes. Amanda and Cali are fantastic. They are always walking around, correcting postures....always giving instruction to either stay where you are or go above and beyond. I encountered one instructor who was supposed to teach an open level class.....but ended up being more like beginner/level 1. The poses were held for too long of a time.....more so than any other yoga classes I've been to. I don't like to hold a seated twist for over 5 minutes..... Parking is available but you have to pay until 6 PM. You can drive into the neighborhood and park for free (2 hours limit) and walk the extra 5-6 blocks. The floors are unleveled in certain spots. So get there early and figure out where you prefer to be. Studio is quite small. I'm surprised that each time I go to a busy class, everyone fits inside.
