I used to peruse the items in this store before and after Sandy when I worked in Far Rockaway and despite not being a surfer, I really liked the place.  My husband is an avid paddle boarder and they really took care of his needs.  A great addition to Arverne and Rockaway.
Nigel was super helpful in setting my friend and I up with rentals. Everything was in good shape and reasonably priced. Awesome place.
The best shop in NY area.  They always try to help you!
Good people, good selection of boards and good vibes. Nigel and the crew are doing great things down in Rockaway.
Any bad reviews on this shop couldn't possibly be any farther than the truth! This shop is awesome. Locals or not, Nigel and Rudel are extremely nice guys who are bringing good things to the community. They have plans to host surf competitions, community events and charity free surf days for those who can't afford to take surf lessons. Also, every time I am in their shop they are eager to help me find just what I need instead of what they'd like to sell me.   As far as the actual shop goes, it is in a great location. Right up the street from the beach in case you snap a leash or need to rent a board and don't feel like brining your own. They always seem to be hooking people up to. The brands they carry are great and they have a wide selection of the newest products. All in all, Break water is a great place to go for good service for any surf or skate related equipment or apparel.
This is the nicest store in the history of Rockaway Beach. WOW i was very impressed. Great service. Great Products. Local people need to support this store. Its great for the local Economy.
five stars! period! great service super friendly  vibe, nigel ( store owner) was awesome! love this place always a pleasure. one love.
Awesome store! Rudel is really nice and super helpful for figuring out surf conditions and equipment. Best surf shop I've been to in NY, and short walk to beach.
The guys at Breakwater are awesome! I have lived out here for years and the guys that work at Boarders are beyond rude. When Breakwater opened, it was like a breath of fresh air out here! Nigel is ALWAYS willing to go out of his way to make his prices reasonable. When I took my board in to be fixed, it was completed super quick and for a fair price. He doesn't talk down to you and carries a good variety of products. For those who don't like that he's not a Rockaway native, get over yourself. The majority of New York residents are not natives. I hope Breakwater stays in business for years to come!
These guys are really great. Super chill staff, great prices on rentals, and really thoughtful. They're the friendliest people whose main goal is for you to have a good time.
So happy that a very friendly full service surf shop has opened at this location. Can I say, as a woman, their merchandise was beyond stylish.  I just visited for the first time today but will be back very soon.
