When I first signed up for Locals Surf back in 2012, I was going through a rough time in my life, but had always wanted to surf.  To get my mind off things, I decided to take on a LivingSocial/Groupon deal, and purchase a 3-session package with Mike and Mike.   The first day with them still feels like yesterday: I remember going out, all while being taught, very succinctly and assuringly, on the fundamentals of surfing.  I went out on my board, wearing a snug wetsuit, all provided by Locals Surf.  That's right, just bring your bathing suit, a towel, some sun-screen, and they do the rest.  There are some really nice restaurants nearby, and even a grocery store (stop and shop), so if you forget your water bottle, the area has you covered!  The people on the beach are awesome, friendly, and supportive, especially if they are surfers themselves.  Everyone comes out here to have a good time. You might worry about the WAVES: don't.  New York's Rockaway beach is definitely meant for surfing.  This isn't Coney Island.  You will get your money's worth, or your adventure's worth.  However you want to look at it, those waves will come, and sometimes even larger than you expect. Back to my first day: I stared at the sun as I sat on my board, the ocean's horizon on one side, and the barely visible NYC skyline on the other, and said "this is the beginning of my new life, and today I will find myself on my first wave".  I found my new life in those days, training with Mike and Mike.  It changed my life, and i don't use that lightly.  I felt like a surfed my problems away into the ocean, and walked back onto the beach a new man.  I'm a fashion photographer, and actor, and surfing gave me a new outlook on life, one of transience, and renewal.  Thank you for giving me more than I bargained for, Locals Surf School.  I will always enjoy dropping by, and giving you free photoshoots anytime you need it. Now, I feel confident about surfing, and am buying my first surfboard this year.  Through hard work and training, I hope to drop by the area to at least say to the students that it was Mike and Mike who got me hooked on this.  Surfing is a big part of me, all thanks to a small investment which turned into a life changer.   It will change you, surfing always will...but Locals Surf will *start* you.
If you always thought the only time you'd be able to learn how to surf was on vacation off some tropical island, you're wrong. The Locals Surf School offers quality surf lessons right in the NYC beachy playground of Rockaway Beach! These guys are beyond professional, super supportive, and just radiate good energy. They provide everything you need, so you don't have to worry getting anything to and from the beach.  You'll learn everything you need to know about etiquette, safety, and having an anxiety-free time in the water.  If you're a little uneasy in the ocean, no worries - they're with you the whole time! Most importantly, you can totally tell they love what they do and their focus is completely on you.  It's always super inspiring to hang with and learn from people who are having a great time while teaching you how to have a great time!!!
Had a great first session yesterday! The water was rough but I always felt safe - and had a lot of fun! Can't wait to come back. Thanks guys!
5 STARS ARE SIMPLY NOT ENOUGH! I met the Locals 2 years ago and they have been my best kept secret. Having grown up in CA I was always ashamed that I never learned to surf before I moved to NY. On a whim I met up with the Locals for a surf lesson and haven't looked back! These dudes are not only passionate wave riders but insanely talented instructors. Bonus: they spread smiles and laughs as fast as they'll have you catching waves  - instantly! I've come to love the Mikes like brothers and find myself looking for any opportunity to get to the beach! So when I got an email from them about a surf camp in Nicaragua  I jumped at the opportunity. Mike R. & Josh (another handsome and talented instructor) were just the absolute best. I was up and riding waves front and backside like it was my job. Simply impossible to define the feeling, but sharing those special moments with true friends is what life is all about! I could go on and on but I recommend you book a lesson and find out for yourself. Welcome to your next obsession - surfing with the Locals!
This winter I had the opportunity to get on tropical waters with Locals instructor, Michael Kololyan. In my head I always think that I can do so much more, but on water and real waves the reality and challenge of surfing makes me crazy. All I want is to shred, ha! After seeing me for a couple of days, Mike picked up on all my flaws and gave the few pointers and reminders that I needed to get me in the waves and have fun. Paddling hard is huge, he taught me to dig deep, strong and reach. Also, after looking at what I am doing he said that I am not applying myself on the waves. So true, I have no idea what to do and how to use my body once I catch the wave, I just let the water take me for the ride. When you learn a sport as an adult it is so much harder, as it is not instinctual behavior. I am a pretty athletic girl but surfing kicks my butt. I've been surfing for two years, the more I do it, the more I love it and want to get better. I find surf training through my progress and challenges is huge, every time I get on water with Mike K. or Mike R. I learn something that sticks with me, helps me get better, smarter and makes me smile. This spring/summer we'll be working on the next level, actually riding the waves and yes! extreme paddling :) Rock on!! Thanks Locals for always giving me an awesome surfy makeover. xx
Super friendly, laid back, and professional. These guys are great at instructing. It's one thing to be a good surfer and explain how to surf and it's another to actually get people to stand up and surf on their own. These guys point out the little things that help you stand and ride that wave to the shore.
You will be hard-pressed to find a better surf school in New York. These guys are hardworking, professional and super fun. They have the patience, expertise and knowledge to make sure that your day at the beach learning to surf is gonna be a banger. The attitude is one of the best I have seen, they are actually having fun too. If you are beginning to surf, make sure your first class is with these guys.
Deciding to take lessons with Locals was one of the best decisions I made all year!  For years I have been dreaming about learning how to surf but was always nervous about actually getting out there. I signed up for one group lesson to try it out and had a blast! Mike had me riding waves by the end of my first lesson! And now I am addicted. I ended up signing up for 3 more lessons. After 4 lessons I felt confident to go out surfing with my friends! The best thing about Locals are their positive vibes and constructive feedback. I have taught people how to ski and am an art teacher so I am pretty sensitive to how teachers teach whether it's in a classroom, on a mountain, or in the ocean. All of the instructors at Locals are patient and very positive. They keep the group lessons to 3 students per instructor so that each student gets individualized attention. Mike and Mike are the head instructors (and are wonderful people!) but they also have many other instructors who work with them and who are all very talented. I ended up have 4 different instructors and each one taught me something new! Finally, these guys prepare you by teaching you all of the safety and surf etiquette you need to know so that you feel confident and comfortable to go out on your own (I would recommend taking a few lessons first!). My first time going out with friends I was nervous but once I got in the water it was so great to realize that I knew exactly what I was doing! Next summer I plan on taking 1 or 2 individual lessons so that I can keep improving. In short, if you want to surf, surf with Locals!
I signed up for private lessons with Locals after trying it while on vacation abroad. I'm hooked! Mike & Mike, John and the other Locals guys have been impressive teachers. They are committed to making sure their students learn good surfing technique and etiquette, and that you have fun while doing it. It's really cool how much excitement these guys have for teaching and sharing their waves with people who want to learn. The Locals guys seem to have an endless supply of patience and enthusiasm, which is totally great especially on days when your mojo just isn't' there. Taking private lessons, I've seen how much I can improve when I get some practice & the guys give me feedback to tweak things and prevent bad habits from forming. The Locals guys are also without a doubt some of the friendliest people I've ever met. It's been cool getting to know them and the Rockaway Beach community. I always have a good time going out in the water with them, and I've always felt safe out there. So maybe catching air like Mike and Mike isn't in my future, that's cool. I'm happy doing my beginner thing and pretty certain that the basics I've learned with the Locals guys will serve me well as I progress. Two thumbs up for Locals. Thanks, guys!
Always a good time and super-solid experience that will leaves you a more confident surfer and wanting to ride another wave!
I've been wanting to learn to surf forever, and when this was offered up as a groupon I couldn't pass it up.   The two Mikes who run the place are great instructors and the classes were informative. More importantly, I was up riding waves on my first try, and stood up on about 12 that day. As a bonus, it's only about 45min to an hour from midtown. On the weekends it can take a bit longer due to train schedule changes, thanks MTA, for nothing. Nonetheless, its kind of cool to be able to hit the beach and catch some waves with nothing more than a metro card.  Also, the 67th street break is not nearly as crowded as the 90th/89th break, so its a little more approachable for newcomers. And when all is said and done, hit up Rockaway Taco for some after session eats.
I had my first three lessons with the locals last year and they remembered me when I came back this summer! These guys are awesome and all of them really take their time to make sure you learn. It feels easy and natural with them and the atmosphere they create is more like friends hanging out than a place where you are just a number. I totally recommend going - you'll have a fun time!!
I've been taking lessons with the Mikes at Locals Surf School off and on for a few months when my schedule allows. Each time, the experience has been outstanding. The Mikes are both great guys and great teachers. They will have you up on the board and riding waves by the end of your first lesson. I know this because if they could get my uncoordinated self up and riding the first time around, they can do the same for you. The two-hour group lessons are a good value and probably the best option for your first time. If you love it after the first time and you want to improve more quickly, one-hour private lessons are available in which the instructor can really work intensively with you on the specific areas where you need the most attention. The private lessons are only an hour but you easily get as much or more riding time than the group lessons just because of the one-on-one nature of the instruction. I can't recommend these guys enough. I'm really happy with the progress I've been making and the lessons are always a great time even when surf conditions aren't quite optimal.
If you want to have a super fun day in the water with some amazing surfers, Locals Surf School is the way to go.  Mike & Mike run a professional business and are dedicated to giving personal attention and keeping the fun factor high. I have taken several lessons with John & my skill set has vastly improved.   I plan on taking many more lessons with these guys! Can't say enough great stuff about Locals Surf School!
I had a blast!!!!!!!! I live in NY and ever since going to Hawaii in 2010 I have decided that I want to live there. Part of that vision, includes me learning how to surf. So imagine my delight when I find that I dont have to wait tillI move to learn!!! I met up with Mike & Mike for my 11am group lesson, and it was a great time!!! They were super patient, easy to learn from, and just had really good energy all around. Even before I got there, in the subsequent weeks, I had called with questions quite a few times, and they were always quick and willing to answer them! These guys are awesome on a level that exceeds my expectations. I totally recommend them to everyone!!! I may not have been able to stand up this time, but I did get to paddle out and ride back in on a board. The section of beach where they teach is way better than the overly crowded beach further down where most of the other people hang out. Can't wait to go back out and try again! I recommend this for anyone who wants to learn how to surf, whether or not you're a beginner or a pro looking for new tips and tricks, and for all sizes & ages!
Locals is awesome. I've taken surf lessons at a few different places at Rockway and in Montauk, and these guys are seriously the best. They really want you to learn more than how to get up on the board, and will stick with you until you get it. They're also super friendly and all around nice guys. I'm definitely planning to hit these guys up again at the start of next season. Can't say enough good things!
Mike & Mike were great.  They gave excellent instructions before getting in the water.  Once in the water it was as much fun as being in a 10 year old at 6 Flags!   We were in a group of six and everyone caught waves within the first 20 minutes.  They were pushing you with the wave so you can focus on surfing rather than paddling.  By the time you paddled back out, you were already next in line to catch another.  Their system was perfect.  I'll be going back and soon.   BTW: We went on a weekday and the beach was practically ours.  Take a day off, it's well worth it.
These guys are AWESOME!!! I'm a local and saw their deal on Groupon... I jumped on it because I've always wanted to learn to surf. Mike and Mike (LOL) were my instructors and because the other person in my class didn't show up, I ended up with a private lesson. They were so patient as I got on my knee time after time before finally successfully standing up... I can't say enough good about them! I would recommend them to any and everyone who wants to learn how to surf, or just brush up on their skills!!!
i bought a gift certificate for my boyfriend for a couple's surfing lesson. we had John as our instructor (one of the Mike's little brothers). he was great! we had the best time and John was a natural teacher, he really helped us figure out what to do and kept us engaged and excited the whole time. i am totally unathletic but John had me popping up and riding waves within my first few tries. it was so much fun and exhilarating. i was really nervous about the whole thing but i'm so glad we did it. my boyfriend had some surf experience already but he really loved it, too. he was able to learn some new skills and now he can't wait to try them out next time we are at the beach. i think the couple's package is a great deal and unique date idea. i will definitely be recommending these guys to all of my friends! p.s. they were really prompt about answering my email when i originally ordered the gift certificate and they had it to me very quickly. i was really pleased with that aspect of the service as well.
I had a great time with the Mikes. I've surfed several times (and so did another surfer in my group); they gave us a good beginning refresher and had us do basic popping up in the water to observe our skill level.  Once they saw where I was at they added new skills. I was in a group of four and everyone received wonderful feedback and encouragement.  There was a break after a while where we learned surf etiquette on the beach; it was nice to catch my breath and get some more water for a few minutes, then back out. They took pictures and video of everyone which was then posted to facebook, which was cool.They were totally laid back and very easy to get along with, which is nice, but I would really recommend them because they were great teachers.  I will definitely be returning.
