Peggy is great!  I found her through a Groupon deal.  I was early and she took me right away, and even spent over the allotted hour with me.  She is very knowledgeable about correct posturing and the body as a whole.  She helped break up the knots in my back and stretched me out, leaving me feeling better than I have felt in weeks.  Peggy spent time educating me on sleeping positions that could help alleviate and prevent pain.  I will definitely be going back!
This was one of the strangest massages I've received.  Peggy was very nice and welcoming, but her studio looks like she rented a loft and plopped in two massage tables and a desk.  It's not a very welcoming space.   As for the massage, she did a lot of stretching my shoulders, even though I told her I wanted a relaxation massage and had no medical ailments.  She pretty much rubbed up and down my back, not using any of the techniques I've had in any other massage.  She didn't work on my scalp or neck at all.   This wasn't terrible, but it definitely wasn't the best I've ever gotten.
I've only had 1 massage before this & it left me feeling unsatisfied & w/buyers remorse.  So i set out in search of a better massage, and i found it w/Peggy at Body & Soul.  She makes you feel comfortable & important the second you walk in the door & gives you her undivided attention.  Her knowledge about the body is amazing & she doesnt rush.  Having hip surgery recently, i'm a little tense when it comes to someone new touching me, but Peggy knew just how to stretch, manipulate & massage every muscle in the body from her training & background in the medical field.     I printed a voucher from Yelp, which she honored gladly & even went over our hour showing me tips on sleeping positions & relaxation techniques.  I almost felt guilty the amount of attention i was receiving because a lot businesses can make you feel like your inconveniencing them or youre just an open wallet.  Not so with Peggy, as the sole owner & employee, she locked the door for my hour appointment (not 50mins like my other massage & what i've heard you get at most spa's) & gave me her undivided attention.  i will definitely be back because i left feeling great & like i was in the hands of a professional.     Business can be tricky to find, but it is right between a Red Mango & a Century 21 office, across from the Long Beach train station.  Be prepared to climb about 20 stairs to the 2nd floor, but it is worth the climb, believe me.
After searching for a local massage therapist I found Peggy at her private studio Body & Soul. Clean professional space. Full Hour long massage (not 50 minutes) for $60, a fair price for this quality of massage. Peggy does a thorough job and her deep tissue massage is the bomb. Look forward to going back.
Peggy is a great massage therapist!  My neck and shoulders are a total mess and she really got in there and worked the kinks out!  Totally professional and a nice clean environment.  Will be back for sure!!!!!!  Thanks Peggy!!
Upon fulfilling my AmazonLocal deal( and a scheduling mishap that was most likely my error) I have found Peggy to be a great massage therapist and will definitely be returning as a client. I left relaxed and ready to take on my day!
I first learned about Peggy through a Groupon in 2011 and I've been going to her ever since.  I've been to plenty high-end spas, Nordstrom, etc. and have paid top dollar for massages that left me feeling only like I wasted a ton of money. Peggy is a true professional and customizes my massages just for me. She's so personable and really makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. I also walk out of her studio feeling like a million bucks. I can't rave enough about her and I highly recommend her services. I can't wait for my next appointment...
As a retired massage therapist I am quite picky when it comes to finding a good massage therapist. Peggy is professional, caring and her massage is individualized and client focused. She loves her work and it surely shows! Comfortable atmosphere.
Went in last Saturday for a massage that I bought off of Amazon deals.  This place is great for anyone in need of a quality and economical massage.  Peggy is awesome at making you feel super comfortable and relaxed! I will say that if you're looking for a fancy shmancy spa with all the bells and whistles than this is not it. It is, however, super clean, SPACIOUS and serene!  Not overdone, not underdone...just right!   My hour-long (full 60 minutes, maybe even a few minutes more) massage was literally one of the best I've ever had!  Not to mention her prices are damn good in comparison to other Spa's in LB!  5 Stars across the board!
Peggy is great at what she does and really listens when you tell her what your problems areas are. She is very knowledgeable about the body and provides advice for how you might prevent pain/tight muscles during your every day life. The massage was amazing and she really helped to relieve a tremendous amount of tension and pain for me. I will return and I highly recommend her!
Peggy is a great therapist and pays attention to problem areas that you want her to focus on.  She has a positive attitude and always makes you feel comfortable.  You never feel rushed or that she is just going through the motions.  Definitely an asset for the LB area.
I bought a couple's massage Groupon for my boyfriend and I.  Each massage is scheduled so that you are the only client(s) in the studio.  It is completely quiet and relaxing.  They play relaxing music, have heated massage tables, and soft blankets and pillows to make you feel comfortable.  Peggy and Les Paul talked to us about problem areas and what we hoped to get out of the massage, so they were customized to our benefit.  I had more of a nice rubdown (I don't like a lot of pressure) and my boyfriend had more of a deep tissue/sports massage for his back problems.  Les Paul walked him through it like a champ!  Peggy worked on me and she was fantastic, probably the best massage I ever had.  She really puts her heart and soul into her clients, makes them feel comfortable and connected.  She threw in a few different techniques which made it interesting.  I have always felt good after a massage, but after this one I felt so relaxed I thought I was going to fall over!  My boyfriend especially liked his too.  The studio is small and there are no rooms, only a few curtains separating you from the reception area.  This should not stop you however, from getting a massage with Peggy.  Prices are pretty comparative for the area but if I get some extra dollars and am looking for a massage, I will be coming here!
I absolutely love Peggy! I have been to many massage places on Long Island, and Peggy is the first massage therapist who I felt was there because she cares about the clients, not the money. Peggy has such a great energy about her, and I felt like she really listened and as another reviewer said, customized the massage to fit my individual needs. As a plus, I had purchased the couples massage groupon, but due to scheduling conflicts ended up going in by myself without my boyfriend, so Peggy let me use the groupon as two massages instead! So refreshing to have finally found a massage therapist who makes me feel like I am a real client and not just a time slot in their calendar. Would definitely recommend this place!
