This is my kind of place. Actually, I'd love to live inside this store. Totally not a real life possibility so progressively I will start to transform my whole home into a mid-century / modern inspired home with pieces from Abode. I have some designs to get me there. Following my recent visit, I've added to my collection a lovely set of gold etched of vintage Georges Briard glasses and a tiered serving tray (see photos). The shop's style is definitely mid-century modern featuring vintage pieces found at estate sales and what not. They also toss in a few modern items inspired by that decade or so of design. Plus, awesome candles, gin making sets, and cute printed tea towels and artsy straws. Everything is affordable too! I've seen similar pieces for upwards of $1000 at other vintage shops (perhaps because of who designed it), but it's nice to see affordable vintage gems that anyone can nab without breaking the bank. I'm still on the prowl for a coffee table, bar cart, and kitchen table and chairs. Daily, I stalk their Instagram to see what new stock they get in and will swing by if anything suits my fancy. Highly worth a visit if you need to update your abode.
Abode is adorbs!  I am legitimately in love with this place! I was excited to see that they have vintage furniture and housewares at reasonable prices. I usually find vintage stuff I love and then find out it is way out of my price range, this was not the case at Abode! I definitely ended up standing in the store for like 20 minutes (looking like a crazy person), arguing with myself about whether I should buy a super awesome arm chair or not. I finally was able to talk myself out of the decision, since it was a bad choice to make just before my lease ends. I ended up buying a set of really cute, hand decorated glasses instead, and my desire to spend money was satisfied. Another adorable thing was Lucy the shop dog. A cute little French Bulldog who followed me around the store while I shopped and grunted at me. I intend to return to abode and get tempted into buying more things. I'm just crazy like that.
Love this place and it's people(and dogs!) great style, takes the leg work out of vintage finds and still great prices. Great rochester based artisan works as well. Thanks for a great store!
