My wife recently got me a massage at NuZen Spa, mind you that I've had many massages at top rated spas throughout the world and I am very picky.  I cannot express enough how incredible my masseuse was, not only was she amazing as a masseuse but she was very kind and extremely courteous.  The spa is beautiful, very relaxing, smells amazing, the lighting is perfect, the staff is top notch and of course the massage was terrific.  If your considering this place for your next massage, do not hesitate to give this place a try, you will not be dissapointed at all and you like myself will be a returning customer for a very long time.  Well done NuZen!!! :) ---Dante Lattanzi
A friend and I purchased a Groupon for a mani-pedi.  What a great find this hidden gem is!   Above all, the place is clean.  Immaculate.  IMMACULATE.  You could eat off the floors here.  This is the cleanest nail salon I have ever set foot in.  All the tools used on me came out of a sani-pouch and the nail file and buffer were disposed of after my treatment.  The owners(or managers?)a cute little couple, take great pride in their establishment.  They made sure to stop by our table to ask how everything was going.  At the end of our services when we were finished drying, he even took us on a tour of the upstairs, which is a beautiful, beautiful spa with such a relaxing ambience.   As for the the service/skill.  My manicure is flawless.  When I was picking out my color the nail tech even came over with a little mag-lamp and held it over the bottle of polishes I was looking at!    I also appreciate the selection of lotions, they let you pick your own fragrance of CND creams.   My pedicure was a bit quick, albeit efficient.   It wasn't rushed, I have just been to many many other nail salons in my lifetime where they take their time a bit more. One star off the rating for two reasons: The music they had playing was almost non-existent.  It was a calming spa-like soundtrack, but I could barely hear it.  Even though there was only one other client in the nail salon portion of the spa, I felt as though my conversation with my girlfriend was echoing through the place and that I had to whisper.  As a employee of a spa myself, I know that it's essential to have SOME type of white noise going on as to drown out the voices of the clients.   Secondly, my friend opted out of the manicure because she has acrylic tips.  She naturally finished her pedicure before me while I was still having my manicure.  Her technician didn't escort her to the drying station & rub her shoulders as mine did.  She ran upstairs to accomodate a walk-in facial without an appointment.   ***All in all, a great new place that just needs to work out the kinks.  It's a bit more pricy than other salons in the area but, you are paying for the lovely atmosphere.  This is not your run of the mill chop shop, they carry high end brands such as SkinCeuticals and Jurlique and ALL of their nail supplies come in the bottle they are manufactured in, LOL.  I can't say I will make the drive to Oceanside for a weekly mani-pedi, especially when there are shops on Hempstead Tpk that do a mani-pedi for $15 and give a better pedicure, but I will definitely take a trip when I am in need of a little relaxation.
SPA WEEK: my first massage and facial ever.                      They are very nice.                      I had a good experience.
Such an amazing spot! Beautiful spa interior and the staff is so friendly and proficient. I have never experienced a more relaxing pedicure in my life! This is my new spot for sure!!
My boyfriend and I had a couples massage here for the first time and it was great! NuZen is clean and upscale. The atmosphere made me feel very relaxed. The massage room was comfortable and very warm when we first entered. We both received a Swedish massage, which was for an hour. The massage was 5 out of 5; they took their time and we could feel a difference after. I highly recommend this place!
I have to say it was an amazing experience! Beautiful location and the staff remembers you after just one visit! I will be returning time and again!
This was my first time at Nu Zen spa. It was so calm, relaxing and impeccably clean.  Nancy did such an amazing job with my deep tissue massage and facial. I was impressed how catering and helpful everyone was. I definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Overall, always a good  experience.  I've been several  times since the place opened.  The owners have done a nice job remodelling.  The aesthetics are pleasing and everything always looks very clean.  The staff is very nice.  I've had the facial a few times and to me it was average.  Depending on your therapist, the facial massage varies from being wow to just OK.  I only do the facial as an add-on if there is a special so it's not bad for the price.  Same with the mani and pedi, which are fine.  I generally go for the massages, which are great.  Nancy is outstanding.  Definitely one of the best therapists I've had in over 25 years.  Apple and Amy are also good.  Even though it looks like a fancy spa, it is not your typical fancy spa experience.  No robes or anything like that.  You basically have your services in 1 room.  I've only been for the facial and massage on the same day, and they are done in the same room so you don't have to get up in between.  Not sure how the spa packages work.  The deep tissue massage is definitely the way to go.
