Decent. The service was good and they were generally chipper but my set of fake nails didn't last more than a few days before a couple of them fell off. But great job on my eyebrows!
I have to update my review!  I am once again very pleased with Frasada.  Gabby normally colors my hair and I love her, but I recently had to book with Tracey. She did a fantastic job and truly cared about the results. Thanks to the entire staff for a great visit!
This is an ok spa - I didn't feel like they wanted to lather you in luxury like other spas.  Basic massage, in & out, no relaxing room or amenities. I may return for their salon and waxing services - their prices are fair & reviews are good!
I have been going to Frasada for probably 6 years now. I primarily get massages. The staff is very friendly and professional. I have had wonderful massage experiences. I always leave feeling super relaxed and distressed. The times that I have had manicures or pedicures wasn't great. The manicurists seemed below par. Once wax was spilled on my clothes and ruined my pants. I called the manager to complain and she never offered me anything for compensation. I found that to be super odd. I was going to stop going but since I enjoyed the massages, I have continued to go. I just never go there to get my nails done. In a nutshell, I would have given Frasada 4 stars, but the manicurists aren't great and I have never tried their salon. If you are looking for a fabulous massage in a beautiful, relaxed environment then I suggest Frasada.
Went in for highlights and color with gabriella. When I made appt. Keep in mind, They told me highlights were 120 for full head. I wanted a honey blonde color with highlights.  I even showed her what I wanted. What I didn't like is there is a different person for everything there so your passed around like someone for color, someone for cut, someone for blowdry and style so you end up tipping so many people.  When I was done, it looked like It wasn't even dyed. Highlights were very very subltle and very stringy,  well the highlights you could actually see because again it was very subtle. I walked in with medium brown hair, walked out with a lighter brown. I ended up paying $300 for everything not including tips. When your paying, they try to make you buy their products. I was so mad because I didn't even like my hair to pay all this money. I ended up calling salon the next day and explained that it wasn't what I wanted and I was unhappy. I went back in a week later and Gabriella was telling me she will give me much more highlights and it will be so much lighter. Walked out looking the same as the first time. Definitely will not be back.
I've been getting my hair cut by Dana for almost a year now and I love it.  The cut is quick, but not rushed.  She always listens to what I want.  She looked at a couple of pictures that I brought in and offered suggestions on how to make the cut more suitable for my face shape - and it came out PERFECT.  Exactly what I wanted!  She's funny and pleasant and she really knows what she's doing.  I've never received so many compliments on my haircuts. :)
Love Frasada. I go there for my waxings, facials, and massages. It's expensive, but the experience is worth it. I willingly pay the extra money because they listen to my needs and address them. I recently moved from Oceanside to Queens, and still go to Frasada (to see Ella) for my eyebrows. The entire staff is always personable and helpful. Other staff members who have given me a pleasant experience: Jen at the desk, Elsy, and Melissa. The reason for the 4 stars is simply the price, and nothing else.
I love everything this salon does. From eyebrows to haircolor to makeup, they are amazing. This salon/spa gives you a high quality experience. It's relaxing and the products they use are the best. The entire staff is the best in the business. I have been a customer for over 10 years and would only go to another salon if I was in another state.
Colorists are great. However, my haircut is horrible. Worst cut ever. I asked for a trim on my layers and to trim my bangs up to my lips. I went in there with three even layers that needed a trim and I came out with a hundred choppy uneven pieces of hair. There are no distinct layers, it is an absolute mess. My bangs are angled which is not at all what I asked her to do. I wanted even bangs of the same length. I wanted my bangs to be down to my lips instead they are at my eyes then my nose then my lips. Why would you angle my bangs when I asked for my bangs to be trimmed to the same length at my lips? I told her trim and she just said uh huh and did whatever the hell she wanted which was an angled choppy uneven disaster. I will never go back here for a haircut. I spent $55 and it was horrible.
Do not go here for a prenatal massage! I went here at around 6 months and felt more stressed when I left than when I entered.  The lady who gave it to me was friendly but I didn't come in to hear about her family life.  As much as I tried to ignore her she just kept talking.  Also, she had me lay flat on my back, a big no no.  There are no special pillows here so you are awkwardly laying on your sides in an uncomfortable position.  There is no relaxation area.  You are asked to wait on the most uncomfortable bench in a hallway.  I wish I had a better experience b/c it's clean and pretty and so close to home!!!
I have been a long time custumor of Frasada Salon and have never been disappointed with any of the services I have received, which is why I am so appaled by both the service and treatment I received after scheduling my first airbrush tan with Frasada. I have had several airbrush tans before, but have never had one done at Frasada. After I met Angela, I was led to a very small and very dark room at the front of the salon. I remember feeling as if the room was too dimly lit to administer a spray tan and, after removing my clothing, I realized that there was nowhere for me to stand in order to avoid letting other clients, people walking by the salon, and even people in their cars from seeing me topless as I allowed Angela back into the room. Angela asked me if I had ever had a spray tan before. I said I had, but never at Frasada. She laid down two towels and I was instructed to stand on them. She never asked me the color I wanted to achieve. She never gave me a barrier cream for my nails or palms. She didn't apply a primer to my skin first at all and after she had finished applying the color, I had to mention to her that she had missed a very large portion on both of my legs. She then wiped off my nails with wax paper and baby oil and told me to wait until I was dry. I was never air dried by her, but told to wait in the room for an indefinite amount of time. I was never given any other instruction as far as my airbrish tan after care. While dressing, I noticed the the tan appeared very spotty on my arms, chest and face which I have never experienced before. When inquiring about my concern to both receptionists, they advised me that the color would even out after showering the following morning. After stepping into the shower the following morning, I noticed the water appeared darker than what I was used to seeing. I stepped out of the shower and, without drying myself off at all, looked in the mirror and noticed that the tan had completely washed off. The tan line from my underwear was no longer visible. I went to Frasada that afternoon in order to discuss what had happened with Angela. She insisted that I still had a tan even after I told her that I was wearing makeup to conceal the discoloration. She also asked me if had shaven or rubbed my skin and I told her I hadn't. I also told her that I was spotty when I left and she insisted that it is typical for an airbrush tan to appear that way, even though I told her that I had never experienced spottiness after ANY of the previous airbrush tans I had received. At this point she had not apologized and continually blamed me for the change. After I showed her my orange palms, and discolored wrists, she told me it must have been from a self tanner or my last spray tan. I then told her that I hadn't used a self tanner or had a spray tan in months. Instead of realizing that she was in the wrong, she told me that she didn't want to argue with me and that all she could do was offer her services again. I told her that I did not want to repeat the airbrush tan because it did not take the first time and I did not wish to appear discolored or streaked for the wedding I was in the following day. She never offered me a refund (The tan cost me $50) and was more accusatory than apologetic even after I told her how upset I was with the results and how the wedding pictures would be ruined. I ended up walking out, almost in tears, due to the fact that I could not get through to Angela. Her actions were extremely unprofessional and her airbrush skills need an excessive amount of refining. I will not be returning to the salon and I will be leaving several negative reviews.
