Visited this spa for Spa Week and had a massage. The spa is nice, clean but could do for a little redecoration and maybe organize the front area a little better since that is the first thing you see once you enter. Over all, I loved my massage, very relaxing.   The staff were super friendly which  makes me want to go back ( which i will).  Another plus is the location where there is ample meter parking for two hours so I didn't have to feel rushed to put quarters in. Great place to visit.
My experience at Orange Sky started with the phone call to make the reservation. Whoever answered was polite and patient as I tried to make decisions. Upon walking into the reception area my ears were assaulted with dance music. I will never complain about New Age music again. It would have been nice to have the experience start with some kind of relaxing music to set the tone and mood. I was there for a couples massage and when we were called into the inner sanctum of the spa the relaxation began. We were given a glass of red wine and a foot bath of warm water with rocks at the bottom. And I'm happy to report that dance music faded away and more appropriate relaxing sounds were emitted.  When the wine and foot baths were done we waited a bit before the massage. We were brought over to the massage room and it was a big comfortable room with two massage tables. Next up was an hour of the masseuse working my knots away. They made us feel comfortable and were always making sure the pressure was okay. Overall it was a good experience and I would come back. The receptionist was the sweetest and the staff friendly and cordial.
Visit this spa twice had body scrubs,& detox foot wrap, hand treatment, and facial Love every moment. Service was great, rooms clean, ropes large enough from size 2-24 and the tables are roaming. Prices are fair my facial was excellent she did a cleaning solution mask which hydrated my face my daughter stated my face is glowing. Orange Skye Body Beauty have the best hot towel ever been to many other Spas but this place is Wonderful . Can't Wait To Return.............
I went to this spa after finding a deal on Groupon for a three person side by side massage which I have never seen before! The person taking my appointment was able to make an appointment for me within a 2 day timeframe which was amazing! Unfortunately, the day of the appointment my plans changed and only one additional person was available to come with me instead of two. The receptionist was graceful in dealing with the change and allowed me to have a couple's massage instead of the 3 person side by side. The massage was okay but I have had better. What made this place for me was the ambiance and the staff. I also received a facial which was very unique and unlike any facial I ever had. The facial included some form of infrared shocks to close my pores which was extremely interested. Also, the person performing the facial made sure to recommend products after my facial to help with reducing pore sizes. The camphor mask was inexpensive and works well. I plan to return for another facial in the future.
I came to Orange Skye for a Body Heat Wrap/Clay Scrub for Spa Week.  It was sooo good!!!! My skin  felt so soft afterwards and I was so relaxed when i came out of this place. I also had the foot detox treatment, that felt good too. The staff is very nice and made me feel at home. It definitely was great after a stressful day at work. Would definitely recommend to my friends!!!
Don't do it!  I went here for a facial last week and it was the most PAINFUL experience I've ever had.  I was literally in tears as Viktoria squeezed and prodded my face repeatedly.  I asked her to ease up but she was still harsh.  My skin is sensitive and her technique was just too harsh.  I noticed bruises on my face the morning after and I've had to wear foundation the whole week since my facial.  NEVER AGAIN.
I took my girlfriend here for a couple's massage a few months ago and at first it took some time to reach someone on the phone because it kept going to voicemail.  once I was able to make an appt the spa itself was nice and quaint.  the first thing they did was give both of us a tub of warm water and stones to soak our feet in and provided a kettle to make my own tea...a first for me and great added touch.  the massage itself was great as well, very relaxing and put me to sleep, which is always a sign of a good massage for me.  The price was reasonable about $180 for both for an hour and I would def go back.
