I have been coming to Leons for over 10 + years, I always make my appointment with Leon but if for some reason he is not in that day the next go to guys work is based off of Leons so it's a win win. Very clean & comfortable atmosphere with Tvs for sports & movies while you wait.
This is the best barber shop I've been to on Long Island. I've had my hair cut by Leon, Lev and a couple of other barbers and every haircut turned out perfect. These guys know what looks good and always deliver. They all spend time with each customer making sure everything looks good, not just rushing through cuts. Leon's deserves 5 stars.
I've been living in the area for over a year, and finally found this great place for a fantastic haircut.  I definitely recommend!! They pay attention to details and do a great job!!!
Probably the best place to get a haircut in the island park, long beach, rvc, Oceanside area.  I realize I'm rather bald, but trust me, if I had hair I'd be leaving this joint looking like Clooney. I coughed while having my head shaved, and he said "good thing I'm not doing anything fancy, I would've messed up." "i don't think you could do anything too fancy- I dont have a lot of options." "nah everyones got options." So I told him I'd be growing my receding hairline out and seeing him in the winter to see what options I have.  The gauntlet has been thrown down. Pros of this place: price- very reasonable. Lots of chairs staffed at all times so touring wait that long.  Some people may be waiting for their favorite stylist- so if you're flexible about who you see, youll do fine in here, time wise.  Professional, clean place.  Parking is decent. The staff is young so you can talk to them about partying and traveling and girls- it's not like your family barber where you have to pretend to give a shit about the weather.
So yeah, I'm typically tight with my five stars reviews but this place earns it in my book. 3 times there now after floating looking for a barber to do a proper haircut with good fading ability and a proper old school finish that I like. Each time i've been pleasantly surprised with the quality and care put into my cut. As well I have closely watched all of their barbers doing their craft and it was skillful and methodical. Excellent shop and  for 12 bucks for a salon quality cut... 14 for a razor fade it's am amazing value.
Leon and his dad Alex are fantastic people and great at cutting hair. Me and my two boys have been going to Leon for several years. They are very meticulous  and spend a  lot of time with  each customer. You are getting a $40 haircut for under $10.00 I keep telling Leon to raise his prices because he is worth it. I have spent $40 at a hair salon and they did not do as good of a job as Leon.
I came back from Leon's Barber Shop and I must say they did a fantastic job on my hair. The last barber shop (Rockville Barber Shop) I went to had an old person cutting my hair and did a HORRIBLE JOB! The barber in Leon's Barber Shop told me exactly what the last barber did wrong and understood the hairstyle I wanted. The haircut was $12 dollars and it was worth it. Great service and I would definitely come back to this place.
Very good haircuts. They definitely take care of you. Leon and Alex do the best job there, haven't had any of the new guys cut my hair.
So about 2 months ago my hair started to thin out on the top of my head and I got very worried. I've been going to Leon's for like 7 years now and they have always took care of me. When Leon saw what was hopping he told me not to worry and would help me grow it back. So after 2 months of Leon doing a special hair cut on my hair I'm not going to lie we have seen amazing progress. He has a special technique of using a razor on my hair to cut it that it is helping the area to regrow the hair. Onto of that this special garlic shampoo he gave me is doing the trick. I suggest to anyone having this problem to go check out Leon's and see what he can do for you.
Got a nice cut- nice attention to detail. Straight razor too
By far the best haircut I've ever gotten.  When I first moved to Long Island 2 years ago I would travel back to astoria to go to my familiar place. What a pain in the ass it was, my cousin turned me onto Leon's and I haven't looked back since.  Sure you can wait a while If you want one of the popular barbers. But it is absolutely worth the wait. Leon in particular doesn't put his scissor down until every hair is cut perfectly, he used a straight razor on my head to allow the hair to grow more healthy, I've been to a lot of barbers and never had that done.. He also does MANicures and pedicures for men waxing eyebrows and whatnot for those of you that are into that.
As someone who has used many barber shops in the area, I have finally found one with the quality and consistency that I look forward to when needing a hair cut.  The atmosphere is very comfortable and the guys always make you feel very welcome.  The barbers are all trained to perform all different types of hair styles and I can truly say that I know that I am getting a quality cut that I can be proud of when going to Leon's.  The prices are also extremley fair in comparison to many barbers/salons I have been to previously.  If you want that "fresh cut" feeling when leaving your barber than I would highly suggest going to Leon's.
