This place is fun.  Many of the games are the usual redemption thing, which you can redeem for the mostly usual prizes.  The prizes were the same 'value' as any other arcade we have gone to. We are from the States and there were many games here that we had never seen before.  It was fun to play these exotic machines, and was quite surprising to see them as we go to a lot of these arcades.  The place is noticeably clean.
Could've had more stuff to play - and some was out of order - but it was good enough for my wife and I (in our early 30's) to enjoy some throw-back time as kids again.   Air Hockey, Pop-a-Shot, and Skee-ball were our games of choice.  Lots of stuff to do, games to play, and food to eat.
I've been to this Midway a few times, and there's really not much to report. It's a huge gaming center, not unlike what you would find at Dave and Busters, only with more kids running around. The selection ranges from super-kiddie-ish games, to stuff like Guitar Hero, shooting games, and ski ball/basketball games. Honestly, I usually use this place as a pit-stop while on the hill, but I will usually end up playing a few games. On my most recent visit, my girl and I gave their ride a try, which is esentially Scooby's Haunted Mansion from Canada's Wonderland, sans-Scooby. It was fun. Our scores put us in the top tier of shooters. Yeah, suck it losers! So there it is. Nothing special. Some great games and a decent ride. Most importantly, a free and clean bathroom in the heart of Clifton Hill.
This place brings back a mountain of memories from childhood. For some reason, it seems like the arcade games that we had when I worked at Putt-Putt Golf, Games & Skating back in the late 90's are all still up and running - like Hydro Thunder, Sega GT Racing and Cruisin' USA. Not to mention the physical games - skee-ball (of course), air hockey (a must) and that annoyingly-stupid game where the ball of light runs around in a circle and you have to slam the button right when it's in between the arches in front of you. Dear god that game sucks! They have this place set up like a cross between a Chuck-E-Cheese and a casino. You can buy tokens with a credit card (wow) and then keep them in the same kind of buckets you'd find in Vegas. The prize center is awesomely lame, with 5 tickets buying you a fake fly or a ring, and everything else costing 2,500 tickets. My girlfriend and I were one ticket short of a whoopee cushion, so we left our modest stash for another child to enjoy.
Coupons for ghost blaster must be printed! Can't just show coupon on phone. What technology -_- ALSO, ghost blaster was a waste of $$ because my gun did not work properly. Games are alright. If you are over 19, I suggest you skip this childrens play land and head over to Fallsview casino instead. We wasted $25 here and i won enough tickets to get me 200 tickets .. and redeemed the tickets for a $1 hopping bunny rabbit, and 3 sticky hands that i can slap people with. Take that $25 and go play wheel of fortune at the casino instead.
Tokens cost us a bit more here than we are used to in the states (essentially two for a dollar) and most games cost two or more tokens.  HOWEVER, there is a wide variety of games and many of them are multiplayer making this a very fun family experience.  The ticket counter has a lot of prizes and they cost less tickets than we are used to, for just a few hundred tickets our 8 year old was able to feel like she actually won something. If we ever come back to Niagara Falls, we will definitely return.
This place is sooo MUCH FUN! It is so hard to find big arcades like this around the Boston area since Good Times closed so I missed the arcade days. Running around playing games in heels felt soo GOOD! There were new games that I've never seen, and old games that I played since I was a little girl! My boyfriend and I enjoyed this place a lot! We felt like kids again! SO so much fun!
Out of the many arcades in Niagara Falls, this one is my personal favourite. It has a fun, loud, flashy atmosphere that sets it apart from the rest. Upstairs there are several pool tables, a bar, cosmic bowling, TVs and more arcade games. Playing pool is a great way to kill an hour or two without blowing much on arcade games, and as far as I know its the only arcade where you can have drinks while you play. The bartender is always friendly.
After taking a gander at the mighty Niagara Falls we walked along the streets to discover an amazing arcade! It was like I was 15 again! The next thing I knew I was knee deep in tickets and about 2 hours had passed. With all my tickets I actually traded them in for these amazing little paper/styrofoam airplanes that fly super far! 4 stars for bringing me back to some good ole days!
Great for a little light fun
