What a neat place this is! Beer, wine, gelato, art, jewelry, coffee/tea all in one place! We came here right before close on a Friday night and got a little cup of gelato. One thing I didn't care for was that I felt out of place stepping in. We saw the gelato part of the cafe from on the sidewalk and decided to venture in. Upon entering the store, we were greeted by a woman behind the jewelry counter. So we needed to wade through the jewelry section before coming upon our purpose (aka gelato). Of course the jewelry was spectacular and beautiful but we were not interested in that. The saleswoman took a few pieces out for us to look at closer. Truly beautiful! And I plan on sending someone here that I know to look for a gift. But on to the gelato! Mmm. Delicious! The flavor and texture were great. This seems like a fun place to come for a beer. No one was here when we stopped in, though. Hopefully it gets busier! It would be fun if there were groups of people socializing together. Otherwise it just seems out of place. Definitely worth stopping in and checking out the wide array of goods being sold here.
I know that they're gelato may not be authentic but I always loved to take all of my friends to the park ave location after school events or just on a hot day. Until one day when I decided to go into yolishous (right next door) with my friend Rachel instead. The seating was CRAZY and all the seats inside and outside were taken but jembetat was completely vacant. We sat on their side as close to the yolishous side as we could get and not even two minutes later the owner came out and in a really rude tone said "You guys need to leave now". Now I understand we were sitting on the wrong side but I wish people could be more understanding and use their people skills. You have no customers dude. Maybe you should realize why. After being such a loyal patron to them and getting treated like that, i Definitely won't go back there.
The gelato lately has failed to impress me much. Mostly because it's a hit or miss. I had a mix of their mango and banana last night. The mango was delicious and smooth as always. The banana however tasted like it had been in the freezer for eons and was all hard and flaky (no they were not banana flakes). On top of that I found a hair in my gelato. It didn't seem like one that dropped in the gelato while serving, it was deep set! Something that fell in there while preparing. I'm pretty sure that wasn't part of the recipe. I tried the turtle cake out of the bakery items as recommended by the girl at the counter who was kinda cute. The cake however, was not. It was way too sweet and felt like eating a spoonful of sugar with some chocolate essence thrown in. The store owner was walking around keeping a check on things. I didn't have any problems with her as encountered by some other reviewers but she didn't give a warm fuzzy feeling for sure. A little smile sometimes goes a long way. Taking off one star.
Love. Love. Love. Jembetat. As a native Rochester-ian...every time I come back into town to visit family, I stop by to check out the Jewelry selection. As an AMBER freak, (a slight obsession of mine) I look forward to any new select pieces in hopes to add to my collection. Definitely a staple within the community and worth a go-see!
This is a European Cafe. I approached Jembetat excited to have food I can't get in Buffalo. The name, signs, tribal masks, etc. all advertise some kind of African cuisine. I was initially disappointed to see they serve panini, but quickly was charmed. They serve 3 different brands of tea, and I had a really flavorful loose leaf green tea. I also had a packed turkey panini with roasted red pepper and pesto. They also have fairly extensive beer, wine, and gelato selections, although I didn't try any of these. There is a no cell phone, no computer policy. For this Jembetat is unique and a good break from noisier coffee shops. The reason for the decor is that this originated as an African Art Gallery and jewelry shop, which is now adjacent to the cafe and serves as a dining room.
I LOVE this place.  The gelato is delicious and is perfectly portioned, and they make a mean cafe au lait.  I love the no cell phone rule! As much as I love technology, I also love the initiative Jembetat has taken to get customers to disconnect for a little while.  The service here is excellent and always super friendly. The art is awesome, especially the beaded zebu(?) heads adorning the walls.  The jewelry is so gorgeous.  One of my favorite places.
Going to school in Rochester, I frequented the shops on Park Ave and watched this shop transform from a quiet, dusty gallery to a quirky gallery and shop fusion. It's kind of strange to have an African Art gallery serve  cappuccinos  and gelato, but it did the trick! I see a lot of writers and art lovers sit here and talk in the warmly light cafe. They have a great selection of desserts and some of the more unique gelato flavors I've seen. I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious the cantaloupe melon was and love the atmosphere! It's a great date spot and good quality for the money you pay.
This is not gelato, not even close.  They should not be allowed to advertise as having it.  Please do not waste your money - you're paying triple the price for mediocre ice cream.
After kickball, my teammates and I would always gather at Jembetat on park for Gelato and maybe a beer.  The women who work the counter are fantastic, always polite and helpful. Skip to my wife and I walking the canal at Shoen Place this summer, and we see that there is a second Jembetat open. Awesome! We go in and my wife orders first. She orders chocolate and espresso flavors in the cone, when the Barista was preparing the gelato, we both noticed how tiny the serving was. I mean, noticeably half the size that you get for the same price at the location on Park ave. My wife is very polite(by anyone's standards) and says "wow, that is quite a difference from the amount at the Park ave location", and the barista gets very... Pittsford-y, and says in a tone "eh well, this is a generous serving and people usually say that it's too much.." then she goes in a different direction and says "the owner is very strict on the sizes, I wish I could help you.. I wish I could help you.." I wish I could help you... like we were stranded with a flat tire and she didn't have a jack. You have the scoop lady, and your holding the cone.. you can help me. give me $4.25 worth of Gelato and drop the Stepford impression. It was a weird, awkward experience. We definitely will not be going back to the location at shoen place. Sorry, I appreciate that gelato is not cheap(4.25 a cone), and I have never had an issue until that particular time. But once is enough for me to hear someone to talk to my wife the way she did. Not impressed. I will stick to the Park Ave location.
Last year, Park Avenue caught on to gelato like swine flu and now every cafe, motorcycle dealership and art gallery on the street has it. But Jembetat is the best, because you can't use a cell phone inside.
Love it here!  it is a different place which is what I love the most about it here.  They have many different drinks and desserts to choose from.  It is also a nice place to go and hang out with a couple of friends and just relax.  It is a nice quiet place and I enjoy that there are no people on their phones and computers doing work.  I will definitely be going back there.
In the market for some hand-carved amber? Maybe an authentic tribal mask? This place is one-third museum, one-third jewelry store, and one-third cafe. Bring your Amex...or settle for some delicious gelato.
The owner of this place is a real jerk! I went in tonight to have coffee and dessert while doing some work. In the two hours I was there, there were four other people in the place. At around 9, the owner came up to me and said "We have a party of 15 coming in. We don't like people to bring work in here on weekend nights. This is not a Starbucks atmosphere. It's fine during the day, but we like this to be a bar in the evening." In all seriousness, would I have tried working there if 15 people were drinking wine in a wine bar atmosphere? Probably not. But when I'm the only customer in the place and you kick me out, you clearly have a problem. When I got up to leave and pay my bill, the hostess apologized for his behavior. If the owner is this picky about what his customers do while enjoying his expensive coffee and dessert, he should put up a list of rules on the front door. That would have told me not to go in there in the first place. Although the hostess was friendly, I see no reason to patronize an establishment where I am insulted. This was my first and my last visit.
