Oohh so this is where straight guys in the West Village go... $8 martinis, mojitos, and specialty cocktails...FAN! My St Germaine mojito was delicious and strong. I had a little bite of cajun popcorn shrimp at 2 am, for cheap cheap here. Love that there is a full bar menu that is not pretentious or expensive. Guys, this is a great place for a first date, especially when you dont want to break the date on someone who you may or may not find attractive. (match. com date?)
A number of years ago, the NYT did a write-up on the most romantic bars to take a date to.  I got to say, this bar has served me well in the past, but having gone back fairly recently it seems as though something has changed.  The vibe used to be really chill and relaxed. You could sit at the bar, in the front booths, or if you're feeling really suave, venture into the back and grab a seat on one of the many comfortable couches.  You earn better points and almost a sure win if you get a couch near the (working) fireplace.   The jukebox can be a plus or minus. You can download just about any song for play and for more coin, or select from the paying record labels selections for less coin.  Either way, if you get a music snob like myself on it, you best love it or leave it.  In a bar like this, it should be all Barry White all the time!
This used to be a great place to for a casual date or catch up with a friend. The hidden back room with couches adds a sense of allure and special-because-you-know-it. Though the past few times I've been have really taken it down in my book. The back room couches are dirty and worn out. It gets pretty crowded, you have to wait for a seat and squeeze your way in when you get one. Also last time there was a cockroach climbing on the wall near the kitchen. One of the kitchen staff came out and start swatting it with a wet rag. He kept missing and it ran away.
Despite the astounding number of dark, swanky bars in Manhattan, I always find myself at Art Bar.  I admit half the reason I go here is because it is conveniently located near my office and subway line, but the other half is assuredly because this place is just straight up awesome. The back room, like previous reviewers have mentioned, is where you want to be.  Do yourself a favor and make a beeline for it; upon first glance, you will never, ever even think of sitting in the front room.  The back room is stuffed with large, plush couches of various hues; the brick walls are adorned with hipster boho-esque paintings, the largest of which invites the patron to have the "Last Supper" with mid 20th century pop culture royalty.  My seat of ultimate preference here would obviously be next to John Lennon, but since that's impossible, I'll guess a velvet hug from the couch below will do. I have never been here at a non-happy hour time, so I can't remark about wait time; still, service can be a little slow even during weekday evenings.  I have also never been on a date here, but I imagine it would be a pretty good place for one -- after all, the eternal dimness of this place has never stopped couples from making out, fighting, and then making out again on couches directly across the room from me at 6pm.  For those hard of breathing/sensitive to humidity, take note that back room does not have any windows;  the air can get quite stale and suffocating during the summer. Decent cocktails, but if you're like me and are looking to drink your sorrows away after hours of slaving away in front of a cold, thankless monitor all day, down several glasses of wine ($3/glass) or beer ($3/10 oz? glass).  The price and quality of alcohol is good enough for you to get guiltlessly (at least from a financial standpoint) buzzed.  Treat yourself to some nachos while you're at it as well. Weekday happiness at last!
This is a laid back bar with reasonable prices (for nyc). The back area has a bunch of couches so it's pretty cozy. I stuck to my usual (vodka soda) so I can't comment on the other cocktails but a few girlfriends had the martinis and said they were good (not bad considering they were listed at 7.00). I tried some spring rolls, which were delicious. The couple next to me got a burger and it looked amazing, I will definitely be returning to try the food. Our waitress was nice and very accommodating considering we were such a big group. I also really liked that she kept a running tab and then at the end we were able to go up to her and tell her what we had and pay individually. I hate being one of fifteen adults looking at a long check and trying to figure out how to split it; much easier the way the waitress set it up for us. I will definitely update this review when I return sometime within the next few weeks hopefully :)
Went her a few days ago with a large group of friends! After a friend's art showing   Great place!  Good strong drinks.   The service was beyond approach, the bartender and servers were on top of their game, and that place was busy.  And the group I was with can be a handful and demanding. My gin and tonics were all gin, a hint of tonic.  WOWSERS!!!!  My girlfriend said the backroom was how she wanted our apartment to look like, so I have that to work on. Great spot!  Can't recommend it enough.
My boyfriend and I met up here with a friend of his last weekend. We went on Saturday night, and it was quite crowded. Despite this fact, service was decent. I'm glad my boyfriend's friend got there early though and saved us a booth, because standing around would have been pretty miserable. I'm giving Art Bar 3 stars mostly because the drinks were pretty expensive and not very strong. Luckily, the appetizers were reasonably priced and tasted pretty good. 5 stars for the music + ambiance though -- in the 3 hours we were there, they didn't play a single song I didn't like! Aaaaand they didn't have it playing so loud that we couldn't hold a conversation.
Came here because A's going away party was here. So D, P and I ate here since D said there was food here. I remember checking out the website and it looked much cuter and nicer, but I want to say this place is close to being a dive. P had the hot dog - plain.... I had the chili cheese hot dog, but it came with beans. BLEH. The cheese - really really sad looking. Curly fries - where's the seasoning? Quesadilla - not as bad, but D said the salsa must have came from a can. I am like duh, this is a divey sort of bar. We didn't get to go to the back, since it was pretty packed. I didn't even get to see how the back looked like. Not my scene.
I really enjoyed this little gem! It has a bar up front and a few loungey half-circle tables around the bar with wait service, but the back is where it's at! It's dimly lit, has art decor and feels almost like a speakeasy. the happy hour specials are great! I believe it's half off well drinks and beer (maybe wine too?) from 5-7pm. even after happy hour, the drinks are very affordable, and their cocktails are delicious! there is really something for everyone. not so sure about the food. i only tried to guacamole that tasted alright and other people's food looked like decent/bar-type food.
Hi Art Bar, I love you, and I love the bartenders that work here.  They're always attentive, responsive, and pour drinks that are tasty and cheap (for Manhattan).   You're so wonderful to start out with, and I'm so proud that you got new speakers -- although I do miss the lone computer speaker tacked to the wall that didn't have any bass.  It was charming, like you are. But Art Bar, don't let the snazzy new sound system make you forget who you ARE to all of us that love you. You are not a bridge and tunnel hangout.  You are NOT supposed to blare "Ayo Technology" by Justin and 50 Cent so loudly that we can't hear each other.   Let's talk about this before it becomes an "issue" for the regulars.  DON'T GO CHANGING, ART BAR! Love, Megan
I really enjoy coming to Art Bar.  The staff is quite friendly, and the back room is one of my favorite spots in my neighborhood.  You can easily go there with just another person for one-on-one conversation, or go with a group.  Drinks are reasonably priced for the area. I never spend a whole night here, but it's a nice late-night stop.
Dear Person that I had an ongoing game of tic-tac-toe with on the bathroom wall, I beat you 3 times in a row over the past 2 months.  Were you letting me win?  Nobody can lose 3 games of tic-tac-toe. It made me feel good though, so thank you for the pick me up. Love, Brian
Loved the cocktail special--the "Mojito Parisien" which was St. Germaine liqueur, rum, soda and muddled mint and sugar was delicious, expensive tasting at only $8.00 and sizable.  After three of them, my night was set!   The back room is really cool; really cozy and I loved the crowd--a good mix of college kids, gay people (boys and girls) and everyone else.  Great music too!
I had the Elderflower Mojito which was pretty tasty!  The place is a lot bigger than you'd think-I thought it ended with the first bar but there's a whole other back room to this joint.  It's got some artwork but nothing too special.   I didn't like how we couldn't order at the bar separately-they made us go with a waitress even though we were with a huge group of strangers (ok, my friend's friend knew them, but who wants to split a bill with 20 people?).
Not too loud, nicely decorated, reasonably priced drinks. Went there with a few friends and had a good time. not a bad place for dates either. Just make sure you sit in the back room and not in the booth's at the entrance.
2 1/2 stars. Happy hour =great prices. = dirty glassware. Very dark for 4 pm. Bartender hates her life and acts like hearing your voice physically causes her pain. If you can deal with a young girl with no personality who gives you the look of death when you order a drink it's all good.
Great Backroom For dinner And happy hour With two for one drinks from 4 to 7.
The best happy hour!  They have a small but tasteful selection of beers on tap and a few wines and it's only $3! The bar area in front can get crowded quickly but there is a big lounge-y area in the back which is cool. They serve food but they had the big "Grade Pending" sign in the window when I went to eat at your own risk, but drink to your heart's content (or liver's content).
Art Bar is the solution to this age-old NYC lament: "I have a big group of friends who want to go to a bar and hang out, but also want to be able to sit down and relax!" The back room at Art is just the thing. It has tons of couches, poufs, and armchairs, all arranged around little coffee tables that you can set your food and drinks on. There's a hilarious mural on one wall featuring the Last Supper but with celebrities (think Marilyn Monroe as Mary Magdalene), and it's nicely lit - not too dim nor too bright. The food is good - one time I tried a burger, and more recently I just snacked on my friend's crispy fries. The drinks are so-so...I would definitely pick this place more for the atmosphere than for the cocktails. They have a wide variety of delicious- sounding drinks, and they're pretty strong - but the flavors haven't blown me away (I've tried the Arnold Palmer w/ sweet tea vodka, and the Dark and Stormy). that said, their cocktails are all $8, which is a good deal for specialty drinks. Good selection of cheap bottled beers, though, and a few on draught.
I went here for happy hour/light dinner on a Friday around 5:30 and had a well time. Good things: Great happy-hour deal (2 for 1 from 4-7 every day) Comfy couches and a fire place in the back room Chill vibe in the early evening, slightly louder/more festive as the night goes on Bad things: Menu is a little lacking, but the nachos I had were good (hefty portions of guac and sour cream which other places often skimp on) Bottom line - I'll be back. = )
After reading the reviews I decided to give Art Bar a visit. Thursday night a friend and I entered a well packed bar and ventured to the back room to see if we can score some seats. The back room was also packed itself with a 2 tables reserved. We manage to find some seating next to another group of people who were nice enough to make some space for us to sit.   The Art Bar is a nice candle lit  place where you can get cozy and enjoy the happy hour of  2 for 1 drinks. As far as the food goes we tried the fish and chips. Eh ..it was alright, I enjoyed the chips more than the fish and he enjoyed the fish more than the chips. Maybe next time I'll try the or chicken fingers or the nachos. Overall I had a decent time. It's nice low key place where you can take your date and have a good conversation of getting to know each other.
5 stars purely for the Pumpkin Martini. Amazing. Like pumpkin pie in a martini glass.. with alcohol. Randomly came here a couple years ago on a pubcrawl through W village for my birthday, got the pumpkin martini, loved it, and kept going to the next bar. Since then we've always remembered this drink.. but for the life of us could NOT remember what bar we were in. Last night we randomly found it again.. and yes they still have the pumpkin martini, though it's not on the menu, and can make it all year round =). Don't know much else about this place but is nice and cozy and seems to have a nice vibe. But you MUST get the pumpkin martini.
I went for the first time last night.  It was an enjoyable experience. It's really cramped in the bar area when it's full.  But the U-shaped booths look mighty cute.  The vibe of the crowd is very Brooklynites-in-Manhattan. The bathrooms were clean enough.  Nothing fancy, though, which I was kinda hoping to see in conjunction with the art theme. The backroom is really nice and spacious!  There are lots of couches, plush stools and chairs to make yourself comfy.  I didn't like having to pile onto a plush bench with strangers...but there aren't many options for that in the space. Our server was EXCELLENT!  When anything potentially negative came up she directed it to a funny place, found an amicable resolution and kept everyone happy!  She divided our bill as many ways as we desired with no attitude or hassle.  She was SOOOO pleasant! I continued my pre-gaming with a Smashing Pumpkin Pie Martini.  It was excellent!  Imagine the Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte made into a creamy martini.  Yum! My next drink, the mojito, had MUCH to be desired.  You can order classic, Lychee, something else, and elderberry.  I chose elderberry.  I could tell that it wasn't my choice of rum that turned the drink.  But I guzzled it down.  My partner said his vodka cranberry was decently poured.  But he's a light weight :-P  It tasted a little on the weaker side to me...but I'd already had a few under my belt at that point :-) The food...not so much.  The nachos I saw on other tables looked stellar.  And they're vegetarian.  But the chili tasted either canned or like it had sat in a pot all day long.  Not a fan.  The turkey burger itself was ok but tasted frozen.  And the meat portion itself was small.  And the brioche roll?  Technically it was brioche...but very flat, not the least bit fluffy and way too brown.  The curly fries were your typical frozen fare.  And they charge extra for cheese. But the pricing was excellent!  Both of my drinks were only $8!  My partner's vodka cranberry's were only $6 each!  The chili was $5.95.  The turkey burger was $7.75.  Really good pricing for an expensive area of the city. Surprisingly the Bud Light I bought for the birthday girl was $5.50!  WHOA!  But everything else was cheap enough to more than balance this atrocity (and by atrocity, I mean the existence of Bud Light ;-P). Not a bad spot to duck into if you're in the area.  And a decent spot for an event.
I wouldn't have thought anything special about this place if I hadn't discovered a) the back room with the fireplace, persian rugs and pop-icon-last-supper-parody-mural on the wall and b) the pumpkin martini. Thanksgiving in a glass- delicious! For these 2 factors at least a cold-season revisit is in order.
It's actually not too hard to find a seat at the bar at this tiny West Villager, and it's worth it to watch the blase bartendress custom-concoct the fun cocktails. (I got some sort of blackberry mojito.) The wraparound vinyl benches are also fun. But once it gets late, the (rather attractive) crowd turns unsuitably rowdy for such a laidback bar. Great location, cute drinks.
I have a love/hate relationship with art bar. Sometimes its fantastic, other times its HORRIBLE, so consider this a review with 2.5 stars.. Love the back, really cozy and comfy perfect for dates. The "art" on the walls is a little skeptical, but it rotates enough that a simple side eye will suffice.. My main issue is the service. When I first started coming here it was great, but every time I come I seem to find something a little off. But this particular night started with a strange look from the bartender for ordering a drink at the bar and not from a seat (what? I don't get it either) and then very short service in the back. You would expect that from the comfy couches and chill music in the back you could hope to relax with your date, but leave it to your waitress to pop by every 5 minutes to remind you that her shift ends soon. That being said, every night that has art bar in it is memorable, good or bad. I'll be back.. probably.. ugh.
Perfect place to relax with a glass of wine, or unwind after dancing for hours. We came after the later, and sat in the back room. The back room is cozy, has a fireplace (although it was way too hot out for that), and is complete with over-stuffed couches and comfortable seating. The brick walls adorned with paintings and artwork ensure eye-appeal. Art Bar has seasonal cocktails like the Pumpkin Pie Martini or Ginger Coolcumber. I stuck with champagne and french fries, because I'm classy like that (or at least was feeling so that particular evening). Their wine list is very reasonably priced, with glasses starting at $6.50 and bottles at $23. They have a pretty long food list with bar fare like calamari, wings, and nachos, salads and burgers, as well as plenty of vegetarian options. We weren't hungry and just stuck with curly fries, but they were delicious. Our waitress was the sweetest, attentive and very helpful. Breath of fresh air after overly crowded nightclubs nearby with over-priced drinks.
Went here with friends when I was in town for work...loved it! My one friend was obsessed with going and we didn't get it before we went. It's just a cute, chill kind of spot with good drinks, good food and fun people...perfection. I'd definitely be down to go anytime I'm in town!
I visited a couple of months ago for a small get together. This is my friend's favorite bar and she absolutely loves coming here.   In all honesty, I really didn't care about for the front of the bar. As soon as we walked through the door, we headed towards the back!  It's very loungy with sofas and nice art hanging on the walls. I can definitely see myself coming here in the winter. It has a very cozy feeling to it. I didn't have any food here, but my friend always enjoys it here. I had a couple of blue moons and my bar tab was very cheap.   It's a cute place to come hang out and lounge on the couches and drink a few!
I was here on a Friday evening in that limbo period between happy hour and the time that people actually go out to bars. They advertised a black cherry mojito in the front so I ordered that. It was ok--a little too maraschino for my taste. And it was $8. But we sat in the back on a comfy couch, admired the cool paintings around us, and found that the music was at a good volume for talking and being heard. So all in all, I'd go back and maybe just get a beer next time.
I went on a date here Saturday night.  We got there around 9:30 or so and despite the front and back room being super packed we were able to grab seats at the bar.  It was so crowded that lots of people were just coming in, walking to the back, and leaving after not finding seats.  We just had two beers, but now  that I've read some of the other reviews I wish I had tried some of their mixed drinks.  A pumpkin martini sounds interesting, I'd give that a shot!   Definitely coming back, hope to score seats in the cozy back room the next time around.
This is such a romantic cozy place, at least in winter. Defrost yourself via a roaring fireplace. Try not to sit too close otherwise you'll need to peal off as many layers as possible. The food was cheap bar food. It's all about the environment. This place has amazing atmosphere. If you're lucky you may be seated right away.
Great cozy place to spend a weekday evening (especially since it is far less busy then). The food is good, the atmosphere is perfect to catch up with friends or just enjoy a random evening out and about.  Service was SERIOUSLY lacking from the waitress, but the bartender was on top of her game which made up for it.  Definitely a chill place to enjoy in the area.
A-ok. Thanks to yelp, I've always assumed art bar to be closer to west 4th than meat packing district. So i've always been a tad lazy to "walk down to the village". The happy hour convinced me to make a trip to the village, imagine my delight when i realized it was more meatpacking than west village. woooohooo. happy hour, from 4-7pm means 2 for 1 drinks - well drinks, beer and wine. Honestly, I'd stick with beer, the well drinks...were...to put it mildly, quite gross. And for a bar that calls itself"Art Bar" I didn't notice too much atmosphere or art :( was definitely a little disappointed.
I love this place!   The front area is nothing special, but keep going to the back and you will find the cutest set-up of couches and coffee tables. It's the perfect place for intimate conversation with friends or date.
Haven't been here in ages and tonight was an odd one. For starters there's a $10 minimum on cards which is great because it's cheap. I ordered a drink and went to sit at the back. to wait for my friend to arrive and just relaxed in a warm, dry place. When I went to close my card after ordering a round for my friend and I the bartender, who was busy cleaning glasses, said it was "too much, ask the waitress". The waitress that had 4 booths and the whole back area to herself (no one else had been serving at that time). After that I was just thrown off. The waitress was attentive and quick. The crowd was chill and the music, while not anything I enjoyed (until they played The Smiths of course) would've been worse. But I wont be back due to the fact that two drinks and closing my tab was too much for the bartender. Lame!
What an awesome place!  Really cool and cozy decor and seating with an artsy back room in addition to the bar.  The menu of drinks and food is great and a lot of healthy bar food options to.  I'm a vegetarian and found plenty to eat!  My lemon drop martini was amazing and the staff was SO NICE.  I can't wait to come back!
Went here on a Saturday night, about 11pm. I was pleasantly surprised with the spaciousness and quietness. We met good friends there and were able to hold a conversation and we got a booth right away thanks to the friendly bartender (didnt have to order food to sit, which was fantastic). We sat there for a few hours and our waitress was very attentive and friendly. The back room looked welcoming, even though a little tight. The restrooms could have been cleaner, but hey, this is NYC, not a surprise. I will definitely go back here!
One of my favorite places in the neighborhood.  Don't forget, though, that it's a bar.  If you're looking for a restaurant, this is probably not the place to go, but the food is not half bad if you stick to burger, chicken fingers, curly fries, nachos, etc. Drinks are stiff and the champagne is dirt cheap.  The staff is nice and attentive but if you sit down in the back, you may be waiting a little while for a waitress...nothing unusual about that though.
1st visit: Was only here for a short time, liked it. Reminded me of bars at home. Just wanted some wine, good house Cab... and randomly found out it was happy hour!  Nice chill vibe. Only 3 stars because I didn't stay long, but will definitely have to check it out again to review the food and other drinks.
Went on a weeknight to meet up with some old friends after work.  LOVE LOVE LOVED IT! Food was perfect, drinks were great.  Vibe was the best part of it.  When you first walk in it's just a normal bar with booths and a normal crowd but go into the back and you're in your dream apartment, basically.  Exposed brick, comfy couches, casual vibe.  I could have hung out there all night it was awesome. Our waitress wasn't awesome but I wasn't expecting the best service ever and to be honest didn't really want her coming over all the time -- she was nice when we decided to stay for a few more drinks after she had already brought us the check.
Love this place! There's a great happy hour where wine, drafts, and well drinks (I think) are all half off! You can get a pretty good glass of wine for 3$ which sounds like a good deal to me. Normal prices are 6.50-ish for glasses of wine, 5.50 for beers, 8-10$ for specialty drinks which is not expensive either. I've also come here late night and there's always been a pretty great atmosphere. The front looks like a traditional normal bar, but if you keep on walking deeper in you can see that there is a more lounge-like area with couches. The bartenders are always pretty nice and there's always a pretty good crowd. A little difficult to get a hold of them but which bartenders aren't in NY bars? All in all, a great place to come chill with some friends and for some low key drinking.
This is a hugely biased review because this is my neighborhood locale - and pretty much the only cheap bar in the area that i like - but still, I honestly love this place and had to give it 5 stars :) When you first walk in to art bar the seating doesn't seem great but walk to the end of the bar to the back room which is much nicer with comfy sofas that are especially cozy in winter because they have a fireplace! Friendly staff, cheap drinks and late night service. Definitely recommended!
Came here on Halloween, just as it was opening, so we headed to the back room to grab some couches.   I ordered a mojito and I'm not the biggest fan of mojitos but this place has the right proportion to mint and alcohol.  I hate drinking a mojito and then not know that I have a huge piece pf mint stuck in my teeth.  That has happened way too many times.  They were strong and after my second one I will have to admit I was a bit buzzed. I'd give it 5 stars but I wasn't too keen on the food here.  It's a great spot for a date but I'd probably go to a restaurant beforehand and then end up here as my final destination. Seriously try the mojitos.... they are that good.
Comfortable seating (front booths are perfect height resting your arms, and back area has tons of couches/pillows), cheap beers ($3 drafts from 4-7 every day), and a diverse food menu by anyone's bar standards.. Great place to catch up with friends.
The bar has a great aesthetic, and the food is actually great at an affordable rate. The atmosphere is incredibly cozy and den-like. Great tasting comfort food. Top grade place, my only disappointment was the bartender, who may or may not have been having great day, unfortunately my party suffered the brunt of varied rude retorts in regards to tipping and multiple purchases at the bar. It was a highly unsettling feeling to have a bartender tell you that you "Have to Tip" especially for highly unpleasant and inattentive service. Great place, disappointing staff at the bar. Don't let that stop you from bringing your own bottle in and enjoying the atmosphere and food. Apparently the bartender Melissa is well known for being difficult.
I love everything about this place-- except the Guinness is from a draught can and not on tap. You'd never know there is a secret (but not so secret, apparently) hideaway spot in the back that is large and comfortable with couches.
I don't exactly know why, but this place just didn't really appeal to me.  It's a good local dive-ish bar in the west village, but there are plenty of other good ones.  Food and drinks were alright, and service was a tad slow. Despite all of this, I actually WOULD come here again, only with more people (instead of just 3).  I think this is the type of place that kind fades into the background and doesn't try to overly impress you (which I appreciate), so the crowd that you go with plays a much bigger role in determining if you're gonna have a good time here.
I went here for drinks last night and it was an unexpected nice little find! I like the round booths - it's good for small groups (no more than 4, unless you're unnaturally thin and maybe you can squeeze in 5). We were in a seasonal mood so we stuck with Southampton pumpkin ales, but the cocktails looked amazing. They had a bloody mary with bacon vodka, which I think sounds like pure genius, and they had a lot of other creative drinks listed and they were decently cheap too. It's a narrow space in the front room, but to the back there are more tables and a lounging area, which evidently houses live music a few nights a week. I guess it was kind of loud, but we got there really early (8:30) so it started off quiet and then filled up as the night went on. A few beers in we ordered the curly fries and buffalo wings, both of which were great. The only weird thing about the menu is that the pricing was strange - the edamame was like $7 and the fries were like $4 (hence our reason for getting wings and not edamame!). We didn't get to check out the art, we were too busy catching up and chatting and having a good time - we'll have to do that next time. It's a nice little spot in a great location, I'll be back for sure.
I've only been on weeknights, but I've heard it can get really packed on weekends. When you first walk in, it's a tiny bar with booths along one wall. I wasn't very impressed, but when I entered the back room, I was blown away. There are half a dozen couches, all very cozy looking. People with bed bug phobia might take one look and run out the door, but I found it very homey and low key. The waitress was just attentive enough and wasn't pushy at all. The prices are unbelievable as well! I had 2 drinks and something to nibble on, for a grand total of $12! I almost forgot I was in NY. There were only 2-3 other couches occupied with each time, so it felt very relaxing. I can't imagine a packed room with people hovering over the couches, or blocking the narrow passageways between couches...I think I'll just stick to my after work happy hours at Art Bar. Bonus, it's close to one of my favorite Italian restaurants: Piccolo Angolo
I love this place. The back section is adorable. There are couches to hang out at in the back if you get there early enough to snag a spot. Note: Long Islands here are a bit strong.
This spot is a true gem. It's not many (good) bars in Manhattan where you can get a quality $6 draft beer and $7 glass of wine AND a $7 veggie burger all at once. I've been here twice now in the past two weeks and the reason I keep coming back is not just the cheap drinks and food, but the ambiance. Walk in and you'll see the classic bar with 5 or so booths. The trick is to keep going and walk in behind the curtain - there, you will find a small room full of squishy couches and artwork clad walls. Unlike a lot of places in trendier neighborhoods where you need to jostle for a bar stool (or pay $12 for a meh cocktail), you can grab a couch here no problem and settle down with a $8 cocktail or a $28 bottle of champagne, if you're feeling bubbly. Also, both times I've been I have seen multiple couples some clearly on their first date and some going at it like the couch was their own personal hotel bed. Either way, great date spot! And (my personal favorite) ladies night
Seeking out a Happy Hour nearby the office, Yelp produced this wonderous place.  See, it was Valentines Day and I needed to drown my sorrow.  Luckily their half price happy hour went until 8, which fit snuggly into my limited budget.  My friend and I grabbed two plush chairs by the fireplace in the back room and had a great time despite the numerous couples making out around us.  I don't blame these couples, the couches and low-lit room make for the purrrr-fect cozy date place but does not serve them exclusively.  People were also celebrating a birthday in the back room, taking shots and what not.  The front part of the place seemed more up to party though. The menu items are also reasonably, reasonably priced.  I think the mozzarella sticks we got were like 6.50.  They had salads, sandwiches, more than your standard bar food, but not too far out of the realm.
I meet friends here for happy hour one random Thursday night. The back room was completely full, and so were all the tables by the bar. The 4 of us squeezed into a place at the bar. The female bartender was nice, the Ginger Mojito was alright, really nothing to special about it....We waited for a table to open up, so we could order food. The Spring rolls were alright, again nothing to write home about....the crowd was mostly couples and a few groups. I didn't see any peeps that were DTF and honestly the crowd was pretty normal (not really attractive/not really unattractive) really nothing to write home about! It kinda reminds me of being at a bar in Jersey City! I'm not really sure if I'd go back....with so many bar choices in NYC, this one really did nothing for me.
The first time? I went with someone who just happened to like the place and had a great time. Great drinks plus enjoyable company. The second time? I went with someone who knows the bartenders and goes all the time. Still had great drinks and still had enjoyable company. This place gets crowded quick, and for a reason. If you're in the 'hood and want a lounge-type vibe with a bit of divey sass, I suggest stopping by.
This place reminds me of the library in the game/movie Clue. It's cozy, has an old dustry feeling and is a little creepy (in a good way)! It's somewhere Mrs. Havisham in Great Expectations would have enjoyed for an digestif. Make sure to walk past the front bar into the back lounge and you will know what I mean.
One of my best friends/drinking buddies lives around the corner from this place, and I love it so much. The drinks are cheap for their strength, and the crowd is low-key and fun. Great music as well. Go the back room if you can, it's positively lush. One caveat: We ordered curly fries one time to soak up those strong drinks, and they never came.
If you're a fan of a Boody Mary, check out Art Bar for their Hot Tomato. It's a remix on the classic cocktail as a martini and absolutely perfect.
Surprisingly good food for a bar! The nachos, chicken fingers, and french fries here are delicious. Drinks are decently priced, too. My favorite of their signatures was the Malibu Punch. Great for group gatherings, as there's a large back section with couches and sofa chairs along the walls. The artwork rotates, since it's all for sale, so there's always something new to look at. The atmosphere is kinda indie.
Cheap comes to mind here. The bar food is surprisingly good, and cheap. The drinks are cheap too. No complaints about that in the over-priced West Village hood. Gotta love art bar, it's just a great hole in the wall neighborhood spot. No complaints here.
It is like two different worlds up in here! The front is more like a typical neighborhood bar, tunes hoppin', TV blarin', booths that can comfortably fit four or maybe five skinny new yorkers. The back area is much larger, a bit darker, chiller, lounge-y feel with cozy couches and armchairs arranged around small coffee tables. We sat in the front because we somehow forgot about the awesome back area. Nonetheless a great night was had by all. We ordered food, and considering that this is a bar, it was actually not bad. The guacamole and brie melt, along with a side of waffle fries, both were addictingly delicious and well complimented our wine and beer. Great atmosphere. Will come back for happy hour and will sit in the back lounge area next time.
The front room of Art bar is filled with semi circle booths and looks pretty average, but the back room is where the party's at. Walk through the curtain next to the bar and you're in a dimly lit room filled with couches and funky art work. It's an intimate and cozy room that's great for a date or a hang out sesh with your friends. The only downside is that the servers don't check up on you as frequently when you're in the back room. I think it's quicker to just go to the bar and order your drink than waiting for your server to come to you. The food is average bar food, but they have a great happy hour deal M-F from 4-7 $3 for draft beers, house wines, and well drinks.  The back room fills up quickly so get there early!
This place is WAY TOOOO packed past 8pm. It's impossible if you can't plant your flag early. Most of the bartenders have been great but I went there last night and the bartender (Never seen her before) was an idiot. The back room is super cute but once again way too packed unless your there around 5pm.
This is just a solid bar. OK drinks, OK food, nice little atmosphere. The one thing that stands out for me is the cozy back room - other than that this place is on the good side of average.
The reason I love this bar is there are two different feels to it.  In the front, it's your regular loud, social bar. Great place to meet random strangers. In the back, you can have a nice intiment conversation with people. The waitresses are friendly. I also love the artwork in the back. Try and guess who all the people are!
Go to the back! Arrived on a Friday night around 1am and had no trouble getting a couple couchs that was great for the 5 of us. Cool space to catch up with friends. Drinks are weak however.
THis place is great. Really cool vibe for a few quick drinks and to catch up with old friends! Check out the very back of the bar, it is a completely sweet lounge area with a fireplace and great sofas!
Luv this place. Cool people and servers!
I was lucky enough to be introduced to the Art Bar through my girlfriend.... who is now my ex but at least I found out about this wonderful bar before we broke up. Anyway back to the subject at hand. The Art Bar has a wonderful calmness about it while at the same time you have can have a great time. The drinks are great and reasonable and do what they are supposed to do. The music is a mixture of everything. The food is excellent. I love the steamed dumplings. The bartenders are wonderful. Very nice and friendly. I wished they opened a little earlier like around lunch time. I would love to go there and get away from the job from hell. Back to the subject. Its a great place. To think I was passing this bar for years and never knew that I had been missing out on something wonderful. Better late than never. Smooches!!!
Despite a full crowd, I have never had a problem securing a seat for myself and my party. On top of that, I've never had to wait for more than a few minutes to be served, and then to be served thereafter. The drinks are amazingly strong for what you pay and the noise level is just right. A win all around.
:(
I remember there was a bar on the left, and behind it some bottles and a bartender.  I had some.  After that it gets fuzzy.  It was dark inside, and red.  I talked to some people.  My friends say I had a good time so I guess, yeah.
This is absolutely my favorite bar in Manhattan. I remember the first time I was so shocked when I walked into the back and saw all the couches- Loved the vibe, because I don't really like clubs but I do like a place where I can come and have a drink with a friend and relax. the prices are great and you definitely want to get there during happy hour.
Great cocktails, great prices, great atmosphere.  My group didn't arrive early enough to snag one of the couches in the back, but a booth up front suited us just fine.  My only complaint is that the service was on the slow side. The Ginger Coolcumber (cucumber-flavored vodka and ginger ale) was absolutely delicious - nice and strong.  Its garnish was a slice of cucumber, which after 15 minutes floating in vodka was the best cucumber I've ever tasted!
i am a bit torn here. per yelp, 4 stars is "yay! i'm a fan" and 3 stars is "a-okay." i kind of feel that art bar falls somewhere in the middle. was here last night for a birthday party. were in the back room. contrary to what they say, you cannot rent or reserve the back room. early arrivers had to stake out couches by spralling until other people got there! anyway, one waitress for the whole back is kind of a pain. same about not being able to order a drink at the bar if you are in the back. but molly, you might ask, why would you consider coming back? and i will tell you this. i think that i would enjoy art bar very much at happy hour time. the booths in the front looked really great for having a drink and taking your time.
Great place to go on a quiet night when it's less crowded. Remember (and always sit in) the back lounge area. Don't discover it on your way to the bathroom, promise yourself you're going to sit back there next time, then forget it exists until you discover it again, the same way, during your next visit... I spent several of my first trips to Art Bar in the front booths because the entrance to back room is so nondescript that I kept forgetting it was there. Prices are good here, and the food is tasty. Not necessarily a "destination" bar, but a good choice if you're in the West Village seeking food and drink.
Maybe someone can explain this to me: why would 'The Spotted Pig' impress people (if that's what you were trying to do) while the 'Art Bar' would not achieve such an end?  The Art Bar has food at 3 am, cheap beer, no dealing with hipster waitstaff, more space, friendlier people.   Seriously, I'd love to know why...
Plenty of seating, a fireplace, and pumpkin pie martinis?! I'm sold. Not much "art" to speak of here, but friendly servers, good drinks, and nice, comfy surroundings. Love the back room.
I agree with previous reviewers. If you are wondering what "The Last Supper" is (the Art Bar version), it happens to be my favorite feature. It's an eternal conversation topic with Van Morrison as Jesus, John Lenon sitting in Mary Magdeline's spot, and appearances by others including Elvis Pressley. Drinks are also nice. Be sure to sit way in the back - that's where all the cool kids are.
Really chill place to hang with friends.  Good bar food and cheap drinks.  Plenty of couches in the back for your crew or for getting close w/ your date.
The stars are really for the backroom. I usually head straight there. The drinks aren't too pricey. Pretty good for Greenwich village. the energy is just right and the cushioned seats encourage a hot date to get even hotter. Also a good way to have a hand in the ambiance is picking good songs from the juke box. It's good for groups but I prefer it for one on one time.
There's a special place in my heart for the Art Bar. I met my husband there on a blind date 7 years ago. I love it because the best part is the tucked away back room that's so romantic, you can really get lost in a great conversation under the antique chandeliers. Pass on the food and just drink!
Happened upon this bar when searching for a great fireplace bar on Timeout- what a gem! The front room is great for groups and hanging out at the bar during happy hour if you aren't lucky enough to nab a couch in the back room - which is equally great for groups and couples. The prices are great all the time, but especially during happy hour. My favorite time is around 6pm on a Sunday, relaxing with some delicious, albeit standard bar appetizers and a bottle of wine on a couch in front of the fireplace. My favorite item on the menu is the spring rolls and if you're going to get a glass of wine during happy hour - get the sparkling wine because everyday is a reason to be fancy!
I'm glad I picked Art Bar for my birthday party. Skip the bar area in the front and go straight to the back. Laid back, mellow vibe. Large comfy couches. $8 cocktails and $6 beers! Unlike most places in NYC, you can actually hear yourself talk and hold a conversation with your friends. On weekends, get there early if you're hoping to grab a spot in the back. Not bad for a casual night out with a large group of friends.
This is my first review.  I felt compelled to write it after my awful experience here tonight. I went with two friends to the bar, and there was one other person at the other end.  The bartender was exasperated by one order of nachos and some guac/brie thing on baguette.  We ordered a beer, a cocktail and a white wine. We found her rather curt and unfriendly, so we moved to the round booths.  The white wine was not cold, and the cocktail tasted gross, said my friends. When the food arrived at the bar, the bartender didn't set it on the bar, or even look for us.  It was hidden from our view on top of the ice machine (I think that's what it was).  She left our food there for a while because by the time she got it to us after picking up some glasses in the booths, the food was cold.  And it was terrible. I got another beer, which was served in a glass with a chipped bottom.  I asked for another glass that was not chipped, and the bartender replied "they're all like that!" but she gave me a less-chipped one.  Then she asked for $6, and I reminded her that I have a tab open.  She asked for my last name, didn't hear my reply, so I said it again, and offered a helpful "it's a Citibank card" to which she responded, "I DON'T CARE THAT IT'S CITIBANK".  I was trying to help her locate my card.  I settled my tab, and left her no tip, which I've NEVER done before, but she was absolutely atrocious.  I, nor my friends, will ever return, when there are so many great places in the West Village already, without service that's a total atrocity. I looked for a manager, but couldn't find one.
I've ended up here 2 years in a row for my friend's bday and I like this place!  Divey but not gross, great happy hour (2 for 1, yes please), good cocktail list, and pretty decent cheap bar food.  The back area with couches is super cute and comfy - if you can get a seat.  Seems best for pairs or small groups.  I'd probably frequent here if I lived in the hood.
Didn't get to see the back room, but up front they have comfy horseshoe booths. For happy hour, it is crowded but maneuverable. The waitstaff is very polite. I didn't notice much of any decorative art (maybe it was too dark), other than an extensive amount of halloween props put on display.
This is a great place to go after work or if you are waiting for a table to open up at the restaurant across the street.  Otherwise, it is your pretty standard bar.  It is a little bit dark and dirty but in a cozy kind of way.  In the back it looks like it opens way up and there is a lot more seating.  I could be wrong because I have never actually gone any further back than the men's room.  I have never eaten here but the drinks are pretty good as is the service, and it is not that expensive which is a big plus.
very cool, relaxing, and dark bar. big couchy areas for conversing with friends, and fun happy hour! i loved the funky/weird art on the walls and the distressed exposed brick. super artsy vibe. also, the downbeat music playing make this bar an awesome place to be on a somber sunday afternoon. bathroom was a little runny, but ok nonetheless. this is a fun bar to kick it with friends and be loud!
i really, really like art bar and wish that i lived in the area.  it saved us from an annoying club in the meatpacking district with too much fake titty and tan. the bar food was delicious.  the bartender was really nice, and we met some really fun people at the bar.  it's definitely a bar that i would make my regular if i happen to ever frequent the area.
Awesome happy hour with delish super boozy specialty martinis. The back room has funky artwok and comfy couches and is a great space to catch up with friends or go with your boyfriend when your in your grabby PDA type of mood. My absolute favorite drink here is the smashing pumpkin pie martini, it tastes like a liquid alcoholic pumpkin pie in a glass- amazing. I haven't ate more than a couple fries here but other people seem to like the food when they are inebriated.
Went here on Saturday night and it wasn't too packed.  The beer prices were normal ($6) and the bartender was friendly.  Nothing blew me away about the place, but I might go back if I was in the area.
Been here a couple times now. The front looks like a standard bar with roomy booths on one side, but if you go into the back there is a separate spacious area with many comfortable couches to lounge around, very dark, lots of candles, a fireplace, a spoof of the Last Supper on one of the back walls, dark red curtains, very cool.  Great to just chill with friends. I remember ordering food here the first time I came, don't remember what I had, but it was ok. Went here again on a Sunday night and the back room was almost empty.  Then it was very nice for a date. This is probably one of my favorite bars, if mostly for the back lounge area.  =)
Great place for groups, awesome staff, and clean (often an impossibility for dive bars like this).  I highly recommend going here when you need to impress some creative oriented clients, have a unique night with friends, or want to wow some out of towners.
Good cheap bottles of wine. The food is alright. The service is slow. Comfy couches in the back!
Found this bar to be somewhat relieving after having spent the entire night at a slew of meatpacking clubs with BT crowds.  There was plenty of space to sit down- bar or booths. Comfortable vibe with a particularly bohemian crowd, friendly service, modest drink selection.  Overall lots of fun but will have to agree with Pamela S, 'not much art' so to speak.
It's cool. I don't have any dire complaints. I've gone there a couple of times with friends-once when I needed a breather after reviews (great vegetarian burgers) and another time after hours (it sucked and the crowd was boring). The prices are alright, but this isn't really a place I would visit frequently.
This place is sweet. Amazed but not amused by the douchiness of the Standard Beer garden, I quickly searched Yelp for a low key lounge in the area. Art Bar popped up and I gathered my crew for the 5 block treck. Our new location delivered. Good drinks, nice staff, cool ambiance and friendly patrons. The back room was awesome. Thanks to its high ceilings, it kind of felt like we were chilling on some very comfy couches in someone's back yard. Art Bar, you are now a fave.
great place to quietly hang out with friends. Really relaxing and comfortable. Huge couches and seating areas in the back. More of a lounge/bar than resaurant, but the food is still really good.
This place is terrible. The servers and bartenders are incredibly rude, and the service was slow. Although it's trying hard to be artsy and hip, there's a very artificial feel to it. The experience gave me no reason to every want to return, especially with so many better options nearby. Skip it...
So comfy! The back room is such a pleasant surprise. I went with a friend on a Friday night and had no problem finding couch space. Cocktails were strong and drinks in general were pretty reasonable. Definitely going back!
I have been here twice for happy hour after work. I really like the back area no one really knows about. It has a very chill atmosphere, very artsy, plenty of couches to sit on. Service has been good both times. I have only had nachos there but they were really good.
This is a review of just the bar area.  I didn't go in the back where apparently Louis R (see review) claims sets the mood for some baby making.  I came in on Saturday evening around 9pm and luckily was able to score two seats at the bar right by the door.  I was seated for about 5 minutes before the bartender even acknowledged my existence.  Then it took her another 5 minutes to actually get around to pouring my drink.  When she gave me my drink she slammed the wine glass down and it spilled all over the napkin.  She seemed angry and looked quite miserable.  I haven't seen someone that miserable behind the bar in my existence as a human.  We sat with our drinks empty for about 15 minutes and she never even asked us if we wanted another round.  At that point we just decided to leave and go somewhere better.
Good fish and chips. Cheap at 11 bucks w Curley fries. (plenty of 'meaty' yet light fish - i.e. not overly breaded). The artwork on the wall sucks. Sorry, but it does. I've done better myself and I'm not even an artist.
This is my favorite bar! It's a great place to bring friends or a date and spend a couple of hours without running up a tremendous bar tab. I always bring dates here when I want a place that's cheap without looking cheap and without skimping on the alcohol. They make delicious specialty cocktails and have a pretty big food menu for a bar, mostly American and tex-mex type dishes. They're vegetarian friendly, as well. The decor is definitely not divey like so many cheap bars, except for the bathrooms, which are covered in graffiti. Up front you have the more social area, with people crowding around the bar or groups of friends in the booths, and in the back is a more lounge-like area with couches and cushions everywhere for a more intimate, quiet hangout place. Cocktails are around $6-8 and they usually have some special seasonal ones in addition to the regular menu and some off-menu ones, like the Pumpkin Pie Martini. I always recommend this place to friends and so far they've all been fans.
Average prices. Step back through the first bar into the second lounge area. Cheap burlesque speakeasy heroin grunge chic feel, starting with everything from the gritty-gross bathrooms, the dim candle lit rooms, cracked paint peeling walls to the couches with century old pillows and the piece-meal furniture. The music doesn't match the atmosphere and the patrons are of a strange mixture.
I'm surprised the reviews aren't better for this place.  This is a great place to come for cheap drinks and a bite to eat.  The front area has a diner type feel with big booths, which is great if you're with a larger group of friends.  The back area has some big couches/chairs for even larger groups.  I've even seen people playing board games back there.  I don't know if it's the dim lighting, cozy seating or strong drinks... but I've witnessed way too much PDA here.  Like full blown groping/making out.  Enough to make me loose my appetite and not even finish my food.  So if you're reading this and you are one of THOSE people, please do us all a favor and stop.  Other than the PDA, I love this place.  If they happen to have the Pumpkin Martini when you go, be sure to try it... soooo yummy... and strong too ;)
I'll return for happy hour ASAP, but I'll be bringing a flare gun this time to get the waitress's attention.
Does anyone else find it ironic that a bar called Art Bar doesn't actually have any decent art? Perhaps I'm being harsh, but the entire time I was there I couldn't help but stare at the 3-D snowman hanging on the wall, which I was certain had to be taken from National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. All in all, the place seemed like it was missing the mark: the staff was unfriendly and took their sweet time getting people drinks, the lounge in the back felt awkward and claustrophobic, and the drinks were nothing to write home about. In fact, I was particularly disappointed in their beer selection. There were only 4 on draft - total tragedy! Maybe that's what's artistic about the place....
A-OK wines. Unimpressive service, but they get by. Decor suits the new Manhattan if you know what I'm saying. Good happy hour though. And decent beer selection. Never had the sangria however folks say it's refreshing. That being said, I'd rather go to Corner Bistro. But, errr, that's just me ;) Overall, ain't too shabby. NOTE: I wouldn't go sober...
One of my favorite bars in the city. Art bar has great seasonal cocktails - the pumpkin pie martini is delicious! Plus, at $8 their martinis are a better deal than most places in west village, which typically run between $12 & $16+. Be sure to check out the cozy lounge area at the back of the bar.
what's not to like? (ok, their music selection could be improved).. I liked it for a couple years..but then a friend led me to the back and my eyes were opened. now I love it. perfect winter bar! (and with the happy hour special, a perfect all year round bar)
It was 4 stars when I used to go 3 years ago.  My friend worked there also and I digged it.
A fun bar to spend some time at because they do have some good stuff hanging up on the walls that will catch your eyes.  Comfortable couches in the back and cheap drinks at the bar make it a decent spot to start the night or to finish the workday.  Though I did not eat here, they had a larger and more interesting food menu than I would have thought.  If you're looking to hang in a not so Manhattanish West Village bar in the West Village, then this is a good choice for you.
This place is lovely!  The front room is average, but the back room with its couches and fireplace, and the amazing artwork that adorns its walls, makes it a gem.  I just moved around the block and cannot wait to show off the spot.
Cute bar with a nice ambiance. Good as a date spot in the back area. It reminded me of Merchants. Dimly lit and comfy. Drinks are decently priced ($7/$8ish) for a cocktail however the service stinks. One waitress for the back lounge area on a Saturday night? Not good.
Charming bar with good food and a large drink menu. The back room is great if you want to keep it low-key and relaxing with a small group. We loved the decor. On the other hand, drinks are pricey for this college neighborhood. Something was off with the sound system as the music faded in and out. Great place to hang out for an hour or two with a small group, but it will feel overcrowded very quickly.
The back room is where it's at for those that are getting their one on one on like Hall and Oates. There are couches and love seats back there underneath the celebrity last supper painting. I would put the layout akin to a hookah bar sans hookah. I recommend going on a weekday as the whole place gets busy on Friday/Saturday night. The front bar area has some half circle tables and to me feels like a college town bar vibe.
Came here for a old coworker get together with my gf. The layout of the place is pretty cool, took us about 15 minutes to realize there was a back section haha but we eventually headed back there and claimed a couch and a few ottomans. The back section is dimly lit, with a bunch of cool art work and murals hanging on the walls. Our group was by the mural with all the old hollywood stars, which was definitely a cool piece. Service was great and our waitress was on top of us throughout the night. The drinks and beers kept on flowing. The food here was tasty as well. It ended up being the perfect spot for our get together. Would definitely come by again if I'm in the hood.
Wandered into here on a Sunday afternoon. Cool looking room, and amazing art in the back room. I just felt totally skeeved out by the place - it just felt dirty. Music was AWFUL. When I say awful, I mean Miley Cyrus. Come on, "Art Bar" with cheesy music? Oy.
Awesome place to hang out with friends..and go check out their Happy Hour..its one of the best in town :)
This place is ok. The drinks are not expensive at all, but I understand why bc the bar tender sucks. How can you go wrong with a mojito?! The servers were ok, not great just ok, they hardly came to our table to ask how we were going. This place is great for a little hang out with your buddies who wants to just baby sit a drink, relax and chit chat in the back room where they have couches and "art galleries".
Like the front room with the retro-chic booths. Like that its brighter than an average bar in the daytime. Like that the table service. Love the cheap-o happy hour until 7pm.
Went during 2-1 happy hour and it was packed!  The space in the back is pretty cool, lounge-y chairs & sofas with table service.  Solid, but nothing great.
Good on a Wednesday. Just because.
A nice bar.  The back room is warm and cozy and was a great place to meet a few friends.  The ambiance and nachos made up for a less-than-spectacular drink experience.  My mojito was typically (over)priced, and really subpar.  The menu looked good and I look forward to going back to give the food a try.
Good, cheap, and potent drinks. Relaxed atmosphere. A cozy place for a quick drink.
A little difficult to find. A little difficult to get a waitress to get a drink. A little too narrow on the bathroom space. A little too loud to hear your friends. A little too awkward for a large group. You get where i'm going with this? A little shy of four stars. I do want to try their food though, looks yummy.
There's not much to write, really. It's your average neighborhood bar that has a good happy hour and the drink prices are pretty decent for the area. It's kinda divey, there's a lot of room to sit, and there's a back room with couches. The staff here is really nice and attentive and it's overall just a laid back spot.
No time to be fancy (nor do I have the intellectual capacity to be fancy at 11:25pm while drugged up on Benadryl), so I'll get right to it. -Get here early because there is NO space. Don't be fooled... when you walk in it looks tiny, but there IS a back section if you keep walking back and to the left. On second thought, that section is usually just as full as the first (with more jackets covering reserved tables than there are people), so I guess, yeah, be fooled. The fortunate thing is that people don't really go to Art Bar to hang out all night, but rather to grab a couple drinks before heading elsewhere, so if you hang around awkwardly at the bar and swoop in like a hawk when you see people leave a table, then you should be fine) -Drinks are STRONG. I ordered one Long Island and felt it before I was even midway. Yeah, so I'm 104 pounds and didn't eat too heavily before this, but still. Damn! But who's complaining? Cocktails are about $8-10, wine is about $7, and beer is about $6. Yes, I'm kind of just glancing to my right at other reviews who listed the prices. No, I don't care. -Dim, cozy, romantic. I was about to give this place a 3 because of the cramped space, but then I just checked my bank account and saw how much I paid for drinks at the bar we went to after, and so I'm bumping it back up to a 4 because I can (and do) appreciate a a good place to catch up with friends without having to catch up with your ever-dwindling bank account balance.
My go-to west village choice for fun, casual, and unpretentious atmosphere.  Great cozy back room that feels like and opium den.  And Sam is the coolest bartender in NYC.
My experience of Art Bar is easy to summarize in one phrase: It is the perfect anti-MPD bar: 1) Inexpensive drinks. 2) Great, relaxing and unpretentious atmosphere with lots of comfy couches and armchairs in the back. 3) Great for groups. Unlike Hogs and Heifers, which I dislike, it's not a trashy dive bar, but more of a cozy intimate lounge, especially the back area.
There's more than meets the eye when it comes to Art Bar. I walked in to find what seemed like a small, standard neighborhood bar layout--a row of bar stools and a few booths for added seating. Then I ventured toward the back of the place and stumbled across a dimly-lit room with a fireplace and plenty of couches and coffee tables. The room is great for small group gatherings or more intimate conversations and gave off more of a cozy cafe vibe than a neighborhood bar. Not sure how busy the place gets on the weekends, but I recommend a mid-week visit when it's not crowded.
Its good enough to come back.  The bar itself was busy but nothing fancy I did expect more art and I generally expect a bartender at a busy bar to hustle a little, which he did not.  Even though I was sitting at the bar I always had to flag down the bartender after a few minutes of an empty glass.  But there is a chill crowd and reasonable drink prices.
their happy hour deal is one of the cheapest in the city - it includes nice house wines. the staff is attentive, friendly, and helpful. the decor is simple and mellow. the ambiance is chill. happy hour is from 4 to 7. it's two for one.
Lychee mohito was great and the food is cheap!
Art Bar-- it's like a divey looking fancy lounge. The dimly lit setting and exposed brick give the place a nice look.  The art around the wall are also great conversation pieces... as art should be. We spent some time trying to figure out the people depicted in the painting. The drinks were fairly priced-- fancy cocktails were like $8 and the beers were around $5.50. Service was ok... when the waitress actually came over. It's no fault of hers-- it's just that there is only one waitress for the back area. And when it's a Saturday night and it's starting to get crowded, it takes a while to get a drink. And the music was good, if you could hear it. It was noticeable at the beginning of our evening, but as the night progressed, the volume got lower and lower. At least the music wasn't bad. I like my mix of 80s, 90s, and today's hits.
* Art Bar will always be in my memory for one funny incident some time back. I met my friends here one late evening after work. After a couple of Blue Moon sips, I simply conked off while listening to their conversations. My friends wake me up by sprinkling some water on my face. Lol.
Pretty sweet dive-y bar. I'm def a fan.
The back is nice if you want to have a conversation. Bigger than it seems if you walk past it.
First impression of this place was very small until I found the back with it's plethora of couches and pillows. A little dark for my taste, so you don't get to get the best view of your surroundings but I must say it is impressive to say the least. I kinda wanted to give this place three stars on the account that on a Fri Sat nights it's next to impossible to get a seat in the back. Let  a lone get your drink in a timely manner. Pros: Great local and get place to relax. Cons: Can get too crowded and service is sub par.
Deep lounge in back proved more than hospitable to scheme-making that my colleagues and I were up to that evening. A very theatre (onstage) vibe. Cheers to their happy hour but the wine on offer is all swill.
if yelp was around in 1998, i'd say art bar has done a stellar job of keeping it real.  and consistant. great vibe, inexpensive drinks, fireplace, cozy couches in the back.   ipod playlist was a little random but you make do. service is a bit slow and drink selection could use some updating (many syrupy sweet concoctions from the days of appletinis & cosmos).   non-dbag w.v. crowd.  what more do you want?
Loving the happy hour and the place. Great crowd and great palce on the weekend for a cheap afternoon drink.
Stumbled into this bar the other night with some co-workers, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised! We snagged a great semi-circular booth and enjoyed very reasonably priced drinks and appetizers. When I went to the bathroom, I was surprised to find a really cute and intriguing back room, which I have a feeling my coworkers and I will be returning to soon!
I have a friend of a friend who works at art bar. The experience was average. Not too exciting but not boring. I will highlight that the lounge in the back is where to be if you have a large group in the area. The atmosphere and laidback scene all lend to a chill place more suited for a chill night than a crazy night out.
It is a great bar to get a group together and has a pretty decent happy hour.   It quaint and cozy, and there a little fire place in the back too.
Many of the people here are regulars. They come for the friendly bartenders and the reasonably priced food/drinks. They have two sections - the front bar section with booths and the more intimate seating area in the back...almost a Moroccan theme. The back room is great if you're coming with a group - waitresses man the back so you don't have to worry about going up to the bar. The other good thing is they have a full bar menu that is all under $7 and the food is pretty alright. The problem with this place is that it gets packed and if you don't have a seat you might not enjoy yourself as much.
Love this place. Drink prices are decent for the area, and the food is reasonable as well. I've been here on a weekday when there is less people and on a weekend when it's more lively and had a great time. Definitely head for the back of the place to chill on the comfy couches, and if you're into dark bars like I am, you will fall in love! I wish there was one in Jersey City..
Service sucked but the food wasn't bad and the prices are decent. I'd go again but  just know that it's first come first serve.
awkward shaped spaces give birth to distinct conversations. how does one engage with the world? stalemate: she wants to become a farmer. he wants to practice kindness. she wants better sex. i am trying to bypass what i brought up during dinner. a round is bought. i imagine myself hovering above this corner booth. staring below at the me below - the one who sits and nods and tries to pick up the last sentences of things. the same self who regrets browbeating the birthday boy. i see our bodies contained in cylinders. (translucent, creating circles at our feet.) the proximity to other bodies cast shadows. create venn diagrams, the elements of the set:   the people we knew. the topic of the night. confessions are easier in the dark. when we can mask twitches and inconsistencies. when the tongue is looser. where lying by omission becomes an easy offense to forgive. summer ales. summer ails. one drink becomes three hours; another walk cross town.
Such a good find! Came here for happy hour w/ a friend--the perfect choice to a mellow Friday night. We sat in the back where the comfy couches are (although there may be a bit of a wait for them). My friend and I ordered two glasses of wine each and a few appetizers--all delicious and CHEAP! I def would return. The place is really relaxing with a decent happy hour menu and tons of art all around!
Yummy drinks, comfy couches. Go early. Good first date spot.
This place USED to be great. Over the years it has gotten worse and worse. The staff and service are horrible. I met a friend (date) for a drink. When it came time to pay, the server JULIE WAS AWFUL. She charged my card once and apparently someone didn't teach her how to use the credit card machine or something because after she charged it the first time she charged me SIX more times. She came to our table and said my card was declined. (That's because my bank knew enough to know that the transactions were fraudulent.) When I came back 20 mins later and told her there were SIX holds on my card she said they would not go through and things should be fine when she closed out and the end of the night. Well, a week later I had to call the manager, Andy, to get some clarity. Still no avail, I had to call my credit card company and dispute all charges. WHAT A PAIN! I will NEVER patronize this place again.
Terrible terrible place!!! Terrible service!! Terrible drinks!! If you want a terrible time, go there! I never wrote bad reviews, but this place totally pissed me off!!!
i can get two great insanely strong rum and cokes after work for $6 total here yea awful place
I love this place. I come here every two weeks or so. It doesn't get super crowded like most bars in the area. The front of the bar looks pretty standard but if you walk to the bar there's a completely different room. There's a warm fireplace and a ton on couches against the wall. It's a little hard to find seating during the weekend. The cocktails are tasty, cheap and strong, plus they have a bottle of champagne for $27--doesn't get cheaper than that! Get the pumpkin spice latte martini, it tastes like pumpkin pie in a glass. It's so addictive!
The best happy hour in the area! I can't count how many times I've met my friends here after work. Two for One drinks until 7 or 8 (not sure). I think beers run from $5.50-$6.00 and well drinks/wines run at about $6.00 a glass. Pretty nice deal for a 2 for 1.. The bartender is always attentive, very friendly, and frequently flashes her big smile. The back room is more intimate, with fun works of art and large couches. You really feel you're at a friend's house. It can be a bit dingy looking in the back, but that's what helps create such a relaxed ambiance. The food is your typical bar fare and cooked well. The music is typically stuff you'd hear on popular radio stations. It's proximity to the trains and buses is also nice.
This place wasn't overly crowded, but all the seats in the front and back were filled by midnight on a Saturday. I don't particularly enjoy bars where it's so packed that people are hovering over each other to order a drink or talk to each other. It had a great ambiance with a fun selection of music playing! The room in the back of the bar was more lounge-y style with low couches for a more intimate setting. I really wanted to check it out, but unfortunately there were no seats left in the back. The bartenders and everyone seemed pretty nice. I ordered the elder flower mojito... which I actually enjoyed. I normally cannot handle strong mixed drinks but this one was a nice mix. My first sip of an alcoholic drink always causes me to make a face and I think the bartender noticed. She immediately asked if it and I were ok. Bonus points for caring!!
this place is my new little haven on the west side.  comfy sofas, low volume music, and reasonably priced wine bottles.  it's a great hang out for groups but you must come early.  weekends/nights in the winters get really packed, so be warned. for those expecting a great wine/food selection, this is not the place for you, but for what it is, it works for me. 2010 update: i went a few times last month and discovered that a mysterious smell has taken over this place... it drove me away and has kept me away.  once the smell is vanquished, i shall return.  until then, i'll been hiding out in brooklyn.
Art bar is creepy and fun! Mostly creepy though (sorry Art Bar). The front of the placei s pretty standard, a bar and few booths. Feels very 70s/80s, and a bit dark. Walk past the curtain in the back and you filter into the second half of Art Bar which is pretty much an extension of your best friend's parents musty basement. While some might find this to be relaxing and trendy, our group thought it to be a bit dark and dingy. We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon after brunch and the place was already pretty filled. Mostly all the booths and seating in the back area were taken so I can only imagine how busy it gets at night. Overall, I don't have too big of a complaint to give this place a two star rating, just not my thing. I think it's worth checking out but don't come with high expectations for the atmosphere.
Cheap, good drinks (esp their mojitos and margaritas which vary by the waitress making them, but generally are very very good). I'm not sure why this place has a $$ rather than a $ since cocktails are WAY cheaper than any other NY haunt I've been to. Art Bar is a hipster-y hang-out bar, but not as pretentious as it probably could be. Highly recommended for a drink pretty much at any time.
Wanted to take my German tourist friends to a good ol' American happy hour. We walked in to the smell of bleach. I appreciate they're trying to kill microbes, but there's no reason to kill the ones in my stomach. There are a couple of interesting cocktails on the big board, but unfortunately none are included in Happy Hour. The one I did try didn't taste all that great. Instead, you can get house wine, the usual beer or well drinks. Service could have been better. I spent more time with an empty glass than filled. I don't blame the server, b/c she had to take care of both rooms. And the dark lighting made it near impossible to see when my drink was empty. This place is only good if it's Happy Hour and you need a quick $3 beer before heading to the next spot.
I came here with a large group of co-workers for a happy hour and ended up spending over 5+ hours at Art Bar and enjoyed every minute of it. I love the relaxed vibe of the bar as soon as you enter - I immediately shed all the weight of work and was able to relax on one of the couches in the back room. I am always a fan of upcoming artists' works being on display. Our waitress was pleasant and patient with our group of 15+ people - she always returned to our area at the right time to bring another round of drinks and food for our group! It was so hard for me to leave this place - its unpretentious,  the music is great (love Michael Jackson) and overall, the ambiance is fun! Can't wait to go there again :)
The back room is where it's at. Cosy couches, a fire and that big mural painting on the wall. Cheap & strong cocktails, the Pink Lemonade & Pearadise were favourites. The cajun shrimp & vege nachos were yummy bar snacks.
Came here at night - comfy couches, tasty drinks, and not too busy. Very cool art makes it feel a little more classy than a dive bar.
Friendly bartender and great atmosphere if you want a chill bar experience with some ambiance and prices that aren't outrageous.
You'd never even know about the back area if you didn't read about it on here. It is dope!! Like a dozen couches with various paintings hanging on exposed brick walls. There's a pretty good menu (not much for vegans fyi except yummy spiced fries). The decor is really awesome inside, but the hipster crowd kind of ruins it unless you can just focus on your crowd in your own space. It's not hard to seperate yourself from the crowd here. PS the actual bar, in the front, is tiny! but always packed. Happy hour has half price drinks!
Fun spot, love kicking back on a comfortable couch in the back room, great atmosphere, that mural is a trip. Very retro. The front bar has a dive bar atmosphere and is also lots of fun, you'll find all kinds of people hanging out and getting drunk. Great bar food, decent beer selection. Not a spot for fancy, trendy cocktails, stick to the basics and you'll do fine. I like the place, I always bring out of town guests there when we're bar crawling around the city. It's been in the neighborhood for a long time and I hope it stays there, so many great neighborhood mainstays shutting down due to rent increases lately, hope this place isn't the next to go!
Love this place, found it on yelp and got interested but the pictures don't compare until you show up in person. A picture gives a thousands words but it doesn't compare, the place is awesome a def must see. The food is great and affordable which is a plus now a days and the couches in the back are so comfortable makes it hard to leave.
This is probably the worst bar I've ever been to in New York. It's loud, ugly, and despite there being about 15 people at the bar total, it took us about 10 minutes for the lone bartender to get us our drinks. They were terrible. The mixed drinks were weak and the beers didn't have the fruit slice that would generally come with them. Best of all, my friend ordered chicken fingers. After 20 minutes she asked about them and the order hadn't gotten to the kitchen somehow. He didn't even tell my friend there was a problem until pressed. Between the dingy back room, the deafening bar room, the terrible service and poor quality drinks, there's literally no reason to ever come here, especially since you have at least a half decent bar on every corner.
The environment is the main attraction with lots of booths in front, and an array of couches in the back. I have to say though, that the "art" here doesn't really make any sense, and overall the decor could be WAY cooler than it is. Also, it was a fairly cold December night, but the fireplace was barely on, and had a table blocking it from view. Not sure if the AC needed to be on either. We were freezing! I'll definetly have to check out the happy hour, because it looked pretty good. The curly fries were tasty, but I felt like I could actually feel my arteries clogging as I ate them. Way over fried.
So sad! I heard great things about this place but it was weird and dingy. There was only one person working and she was slow. My food never showed up. She was blatantly rude to my friends so we left. Know there are better places out there!
Great burger and atmosphere if you are looking for something chill with a friend or two and a few beers.
Very fun bar with a great back room. The decoration is fun and the drinks are good and well priced. The back room is very cool with comfy couches and a cool set up.
I've always liked Art Bar.  It's a great place to have a drink with friends.  I had my birthday there a few years ago, and we got great service.  Make sure to check out the backroom--it's got an assortment of comfy couches and random chairs to accommodate groups of different sizes.  I particularly recommend the black cherry mojito--yum! The food is fine but not Art Bar's strength--stop here for drinks before or after, but find your dinner elsewhere.
This is one of my favorite bars in NYC. It's the perfect place to just relax. I always go straight to the back, which is often crowded, but never too loud or uncomfortable. Quite the opposite, it feels like I'm entering a different world with the deep, plush couches and the dim lighting. The drinks are very well made and have a good price point for this part of Manhattan. My favorite is the Ginger Coolcumber, which is essentially cucumber vodka and ginger ale. It's incredibly refreshing on a summer night after work.
Awesome bar.
It was alright. Only one bartender and she seemed overwhelmed. It took awhile for her to be able to get to me and it took awhile for the food to come. She does mention that it takes 10-15 min. and that it can be picked up at the end of the counter. When that mark passes and the food still isnt there it's annoying to have to keep standing up to see if it's there. I guess the wait staff was on break because they came way later. The layout was pretty plain considering it being the "Art Bar", unless you gonto the back. the seat where we sat was torn up pretty bad and had tape on it and the wait staff could've been a bit more attentive.  The best thing was the chicken sandwich I had, and even then I'm not sure its worth the extra star, I was very hungry.
The Fish and Chips with Tartar Sauce and Malt Vinegar were delicious...perfect bar food that doesn't go borderline too Irish.  Service could be better though.  Perhaps it's the recession? Although, ArtBar definitely doesn't look like it's doing poorly in business.
nice mellow spot to chill especially on happy hours!!! $3 draft beer forbhappy hour can't go wrong!!
Once of my faves.  Great location.  Good Beer on Tap.  great wines.  The food is solid, tends a little to the deep fat fried end of the spectrum but a great place to hang out.  The back is quiet and comfy with fireplace and couches.  Great to meet a good friend and spend the evening talking
The ambiance is cool and we really liked the food and the drinks, but then we saw 4 mice in one sitting. We told the wait staff and they seemed unconcerned.
Service is quick the price is right! Food is good and I'm in love with the the couches! Amazing atmosphere...... One of my favorite places in New York City
I really really like this bar. I walked in with a friend after attempting Cubbyhole and deciding that standing near the bathrooms and trying to order a drink wasn't going to cut it. Art Bar is art deco meets West Village. The booth seating looks comfy and perfect for group convo or just talking and relaxing in a chill bar setting. The bartender here was amazingly friendly and relaxed - A+ service really. I ordered the Cucumber ginger cocktail (I forgot what it's called) but it has the perfect balance of vodka to ginger ale and I can't believe I've never had a drink like this before. We also got the fries, which are great. Definitely coming back!
A friend took me here on my first night as a New Yorker. As soon as I walked in I knew it was a really chill place and that was perfect because I had been moving around all day.  We got there right before happy hour ended at 7 and beers were only like $4 I think. After happy hour they still weren't too bad I don't think. I ordered a burger and it was delicious. I always like a place with a good burger. It's gonna be hard to beat some of the burgers I've had in the south though. Back to Art Bar, I just really liked the atmosphere. There was good ambience(did I just say ambience?). I didn't spend time back there but there's also a nice section in the back with couches and other comfortable seating
Go straight to the back room. It seriously looks like a harem's den back there. Well, minus the harem part. So many couches and cushions that it makes you want to stay there forever. Wait staff was super attentive too. However, it can fill up pretty fast during peak hours so try going a tad early.
Spent a whole week in NY and ended every night at this bar. Dont forget to go past the bar and sit on the couches in the back room.
So I'm finally writing a review for Art Bar. As many of my friends will tell you I HATE the service I get when do come here, yesterday was different! The ambiance is very cozy, dim lighting, and couches in the back. That's where I like to sit. Yesterday everything was was full in the back so we sat in the front. This was the first time I sat up here. I'm not sure what it was but our server Adri (or Audrey?) Not sure how to spell her name but she was PHENOMENAL!! She was personable, checked up on us, made us laugh, encouraged out excitement for the songs playing, and made us feel good and welcomed. I know she should be doing this in general but the past waitresses I've encountered were not this good. They must have read some reviews because the service was not up to par (and I reflected it in my tip) before, but last night made me change my mind about this place. I will be recommending this place more, and start coming back for more! I will definitely be looking for Adri again.
Decent food but overpriced. Corny crowd. However, convenient location and ability to get seats even on Friday.
Art Bar exceeded my expectations. I walked past this place for years, but I only went inside recently because other spots were full. The inside is bigger and nicer than I would have guessed, the service was quite nice and the food hit the spot. Maybe they were always that good. Maybe I just set the bar low. Either way, I want to go back.
The pros: very good selection of specialty drinks (the Pumpkin Pie Martini is a MUST HAVE, and the sangria is particularly strong, and the mojitos are good); good burgers and fries if you want dinner; ambient lighting with very chill atmosphere, not to mention a lot of cool posters on the wall (there's a mural dominating the back room with icons from the 60s on it). The cons: it fills up very quickly, and as there is no hostess, seating is kind of a free-for-all, every-man-for-himself affair, which is problematic if you're coming with a larger group (as I normally do). Whenever I go, somehow the group I'm with manages to all find seats, but it is rarely an easy process. Overall, however, Art Bar is fast becoming a stable, despite it's distance from me.
Fun place! A friend and I went there for after-work drinks recently and we were both fans. In terms of drinks, the ginger cool cumber is spot on for those hot, sticky NYC summer days, especially since it packs a nice punch. But what is really great is the atmosphere. It's ideal for a hangout session with friends after a long day. It isn't too divey or too pretentious. It is what it is - a relaxed lounge with good music - and I respect that.
Cool little place to have a drink out early dawn. Nice bartender.
I've lived across the street from Art Bar for about a year and never wandered in until recently. From the outside it just doesn't seem so inviting - it looks like your average dive bar. I don't know what made me and a buddy wander in one night but I am glad we did. We came in and the front part was pretty packed, the drinks were so-so. As expected. Many people kept coming and going from behind curtains on the side of the bar and it soon became obvious that it was too much traffic for a restroom. My buddy and I peaked back there and behold - the back room. The back room is the real draw of this place and it's f'ing awesome. Couches, murals, a fireplace, pillows, candlelight. It is a very intimate and unique space. Now Art Bar is one of my favorite places to check out - I just wish I had discovered it earlier!
Love this place.  This city needs more bars like this.  It's a great place to go chill with friends or go on a date.  The atmosphere is nice and the back room is super comfy.  The best part?  The music is great, but not so loud you can't talk.  That's my main complaint most of the time I go out to bars, because unless I'm actively dancing, I want to be talking, and I don't want to have to scream all night long.  Also, the bartenders are sweet, and the prices aren't as expensive as most Manhattan bars.
I was here twice in one day. Once at 4PM when happy hour starts and no one hardly was there. The back area is as cozy as all say. Then after Duplex show was sold out, came back. The nachos are enormous. The spring rolls are all right but I don't like spring rolls. Fried. Greasy. Meh. It's very crowded at night and hard to talk but earlier it is much more chill. I liked it a lot and would return
I went here twice and I was not that impressed. The drinks were overpriced and the crowd seemed pretentious and boring. I was not that enthralled by the art on the walls, either. I love this neighbourhood, though. I may give Art Bar another chance.
Party in the front, romance in the back. My friend and I went to the back because we didn't want to be in the noisy section of the bar. The back is full of cozy couches, settees, and paintings hanging on the wall that are for sale (overpriced if you ask me!) It's also where the couples go to hold hands, drape a leg over their lovers leg, and rub nosies. It made interesting drinking conversation for my friend and I. We hated on the lovers while munching on some delicious hot dogs and curly fries and gulping down several happy hour vodka pineapple juices. I'd come back here again but maybe i'll try hanging out in the front part of the bar this time....Who am i kidding? Of course i'm going to sit in the back and get wasted while playing the "how long do you think they've been together" guessing game. Despite that, the hot dogs are good, excellent curly fries, and the drinks are o.k. some of the art looks like it belongs in grandma's attic.
Couches. Squishy. Tasty. Love the mural in the back. Honestly, the greatest drinks in nyc. $8 for all their specials they have. Def try the root beer float or cremsicle in the spring/summer.
Art Bar is one of the few, laidback places that are left in NYC.  Their happy hour prices are fantastic and I was able to snag a $3.50 glass of wine! And they have an extensive (real) food menu, so you don't have to worry about happy hour drinking on an empty stomach! There's two sections inside Art Bar: the back, (separated by curtains) which is more loungy and spacious, whereas the front has the bar and booths. Overall I love the laidback and cozy atmosphere of Art Bar. It did get crowded when I was there during happy hour, so if you want to snag a seat in the back, then come early. Art Bar reminds me of the true NYC that it used to be..
I picked this place to hang out with some friends on a Friday night, since I have to go to a party after in West Village.  The 2 for 1 happy hour from 4-7 was great.  We are not big drinkers, so the two rounds of drinks with the price of one...perfect.  We ordered some appetizers as well.  We got the fired calamari, Thai spring rolls and chicken fingers.  The food was just fine, typical bar food, nothing crazy.  The well drinks were fine.  I don't understand why people would say it's gross.   The bartender was really cool and attentive.  We had a great time.  We hung out at the bar, but I went back to check out the back room.  It looks really cool.  It gave me a cozy feeling.  Next time I will get a table back there.
Sort of a creepy little spot. Maybe not the best idea for a first date (we met on the Internet, no less), or after work drinks with friends. Ya know, I'm not sure who this bar is meant for. The front area doesn't seem that bad, you've got a bar and a wall of pretty large booths. Of course this date chose the more intimate spot in the back. You've got to walk through this low hanging curtain to get to it and once you're there you still aren't sure if this is the right place... Oh god, seriously, he chose this place? There's a mish-mash of random garage sale furniture, couches, stools, tables, chairs, super random shit here. And all of it in pretty ratty condition. The cocktail menu is mostly sweet stuff, gummy bear martinits and what have you. They do have beer and gin though so that's a plus. I did see people eating, but I didn't look too closely at the menu. The lighting is another strange part. It's kind of like when the power goes out and the back up emergency lights come on.. Not very dark and oddly bright, like hallogen lights from the corners, ya dig? Strange. I won't be back.
Avoid this bar!!! Good happy hour deal but the service is APPALLING! I have lived in the city for almost 10 years and I have never experienced such awful service in a bar. The waitress serving us was rude and disinterested and then when were trying to pay our check we were sitting and waiting for her to take our cash for over 20 minutes. Finally we went up to the bar to pay our check and the bitchy bartender said "I can't do her check, she's your waitress." The bartender was just sitting there eating a hamburger and wasn't doing anything but she made it clear that since she wasn't getting tipped for our drinks she was not going to give us our change. When we explained that we had been waiting a while to pay the check and we had to leave, she said "well, we're busy so you'll have to wait" If you have time to stuff your face with a hamburger then you have time to give us change. It's not our responsibility that you didn't staff enough waitresses and therefore we are kept waiting forever just to pay our check. I was at the point where I was just ready to leave without paying if they were going to keep us waiting for so long. We were actually looking for a bar where we would have drinks with a large gathering on Saturday afternoon. They told us they are pretty quiet on Saturday afternoons so they could have made a lot of money from our large group who would have been ordering drinks for 3-4 hours but after the bitchy bartender and appalling waitress I would never come back here and we will be having our group drinks elsewhere. There are too many decent bars in NY to deal with being spoken to like this.
This bar reminds me of old, gritty New York (pre-Bloomberg gentrification).  It's kind of hidden under scaffolding at the moment. Pros: 1. Inexpensive prices for the West Village 2. Stellar happy hour 3. Close to 14th st subway 4. Not too crowded Cons: 1. Kind of dirty, particularly the bathroom
This place is really cute...met with some friends here for drinks this past weekend, we all had such a nice time! And yes, the back, with those comfy couches (took us about 2 hours to finally steal the seats! yes..we waited.. :). Btw, If you're into mojitos, you must try their  Ginger Mojito, It is fantastic...think I had 4! New hangout spot for a while!? Maybe..
Came out here last night for a friend's birthday. They have a nice bar and some round table booths in the front, but if you venture to the back room, you'll find plenty of couches to sit back and relax and enjoy the various art pieces on the wall. A perfect place to bring a date or socialize with a group of your friends. I haven't tried the food yet (which seems to take a while to come out of the kitchen), but the drinks were good, and the waitress was really friendly.They have a good number of bottled beers including Grolsch, plus speciality cocktails and martinis for $8.   I'll have to return here to try the food and for their happy hour special (1/2 priced drinks everyday from 4-7pm)
I've gone to Art Bar countless times now. It's definitely one of my favorite bars in the entire city, mainly because of their awesome, intimate back room. It's a dimly-lit area full of comfy couches and tables with little candles on their surfaces. They tend to play a lot of indie music, but at a low volume. It's perfect for people like me, who don't like loud places. If you prefer to go to bars with a "party" atmosphere, the Art Bar is not for you. I'm not that experienced of a drinker (I only started drinking socially in March of this year when I turned 21) but for me, the drinks have been fine. They do the trick ;) Their food is also really good. I've had their mozzarella sticks, their chicken fingers, their curly fries, and their nachos. All very flavorful and always served hot.
Leron's Lesson: Art Bar is an excellent option in the west village if you want comfort, excellent service and a pretty good cheeseburger to go with your beer. Full Review: I came here halloween night to escape the insanity of the west village and have a few beers with my friends. After entering this excellent establishment I was greeted by bartenders covered in blood, pixie dust and guests wearing nothing but spandex. Halloween is the best night to go out. Art Bar has lots of booths, good to fit about 6 full grown adults comfortably. No children allowed at the bar. Also, they have a pretty cool back room with lots of couches and paintings that make this space unique. The service was excellent, extremely friendly and personable. I highly highly recommend going here to have a decent time and have solid conversation.
good place for a date or catch up with friend(s).  love the back lounge.  it's chill, you can hear your conversation and not necessarily anyone else's, drinks aren't too expensive, and there's food and dessert available if you need it.   i've never had trouble snagging some couch - even on weekend nights - and there's a bar upfront for more casual drinking (kind of like Belmont Lounge except this place never charges a cover and doesn't put a DJ in the lounge area).
Really only come here one month a year - OCTOBER!! - for pumpkin spice martinis! Amazing and so perfect for fall - as is the cozy back room. Only qualm is that sometimes the back room fills up fast, and yea, the front room is pretty gross. But don't let the first impression fool you! Keep walking past the bar to the back, and if there are open couches, enjoy a pumpkin spice martini before the seasons over! Another plus is their happy hour is dirt cheap (sadly martinis excluded).
This was actually my second time going to Art Bar, and I still feel like I don't know it well enough to really Yelp it correctly. Now, this may prompt, "Then why are you? Shouldn't that be a sign to not bother?" No, no. I instead feel like it's a perfect reason why I should. Because while it's ambiance is chill enough and it's drink prices are very reasonable for the area, there's a definite amount of coldness from the wait staff, and you never feel compelled to really get to know the area. Like, this fantastic back room? Both times, never seen it. And yes, I know that I could take the initiative and, you know, go back there, but when you've walked in and received no welcome and when it takes forever on two not crowded nights to get waited on and every, "Can I get you anything else?" is a thinly veiled, "Are you leaving now?", then you know, you start to feel reticent. Like they don't want you there. Basically, have you ever had a friend over, and you know that this friend is the kind of person who's going to borrow a lot of stuff from you or whatever and so you really don't want to show off the nice stuff you have, because then you know they'll take it? That's how Art Bar is. They have all this cool stuff to offer, but it's like they kind of hope you don't see it. Sucks, right? And so while it's kind of off-putting, it's not enough. Because like I said, it's a nice enough place, and the drinks are all a few bucks cheaper then you'd get them a few blocks further in to the Meatpacking District. So I'll keep going. Besides, maybe one day it'll let me borrow it's shoes or new denim jacket.
This place is a new favorite of mine, for a couple of reasons. First, a bit of backstory - over the past few years, I have gotten together with friends for my birthday. Meet, greet, eat, drink until you're light on your feet, that kind of thing. Last year, I was debating on where to go. I wanted someplace cool, comfortable without a lot of pretense. So I chose Art Bar and had folks meet me there. Wound up getting there at 9:30, and didn't leave until closing time. In that span of time, there was a LOT of fun had. And despite the place being crowded, there was still some intimacy to be had. So I've been back a couple of times. So, why Art Bar? For one, it's a place that has two different auras, but the same vibe of having a good time. I prefer the back room for a more chill experience. It's good enough for a couple, and vast enough for a gang of folks. (sidebar: the b'day bash had about 17 people. We took up one whole side after being split up across two tables.) The front is cool, but a tad more noisy, feeding off the energy of the street. Another reason to like this place is, the staff. There was one waitress, Amber, who took great care of us the night of my birthday. From a free Birthday Cake shot to even getting her dance on, she was an example of the great staff on hand. Not easy to do on a Saturday night. The food is great too - I recommend the fries, as well as the burger offerings. Now to the part you've been waiting for - the drinks. SUPERB. The cocktails vary from a mojito that's anything but standard(went here with a close ladyfriend and halfway into her first one, she was feeling NICE) to a Dark & Stormy to a Malibu Punch that packs a mean one. Reasonably priced too. So yeah, Art Bar is one spot in the city that is cool beyond measure. And one I'll be visiting again before summer's out.
Art Bar is uneven.  My friend ordered a mojito and got it with basil.  Food's pretty lackluster.  Prices are high.  But the reason to go to Art Bar is for the back room.  The lounge.  The love nest.  Seriously, I've seen more people get horizontal there than at any other booze establishment.  It's pretty amusing (if you're not put off by PDA) and makes sense: the lighting is dim, couches are slung low around a deep red room.  More of an experiential place than a fine drinkin' establishment but it's on my list of top spots in the West Village.
Where art art bar... Brings back some fun times here.  Chill place, bullet rye whiskey, super super awesome bouncer.  Every time I come in he always gives me a high five.  When I say hello and when I say goodbye, high five.   Love the atmosphere, the chillaxing lounge in the back.  The fireplace, the funky dirty no matching couches and seats, the last supper painting that has you and your friends drunkly guessing on who is who.   Disgusting bathrooms, but so chill and relaxing everything else makes up for it.
Immediately I noticed the smell of roses when we walked in which is a complete change from the usual scents bars have to offer. We took our seats in the back room which had Cognac lighting and antique sofas and chandeliers. The last supper with the legends that are no longer with us rounds off the personality this place has. It wasn't quite cold enough for the fireplace to be on but let me tell you a bar with a nice warm fire place is the perfect place to cozy up on a date. Although the fire place was not roaring it didn't stop the couple across the room from cozying up and getting to know each other a little more intimately. They were Frenching like it was their last french! The other first dates in that room hopefully stepped it up and beat out the competition in Frenching. I would have to say it would have been pretty funny if the three tables across from us all started to french - I think it must be the mistletoe that hands year round in the center of the room!
I came here with two close girlfriends after a film screening on a Saturday night and headed for the cozy back room. It was a perfect place to debrief our thoughts on the film and just chat in a way that you can't in a loud bar where you have to yell everything. We found a comfy couch from which I enjoyed a delicious chocolate cocktail. It was crowded, but we lucked out on finding a couch. It's not the right atmosphere for everybody, but it is perfect for certain occasions and I will definitely be back.
A good bar.  The atmosphere is nice and they had nice tables and ample room at the bar for seating.  The drinks were very strong and they had servers constantly around to get you more drinks.  Nothing special but I'd stop in for a drink again.
Happy Hour consists of half-priced drafts/house wine/well drinks before 7pm... my $3 glass of Chardonnay tasted exactly like you'd imagine a $3 glass of Chardonnay tasting, but hey. Also tried the $8 Ginger Coolcumber drink, which was delicious but not part of the Happy Hour special. Got the coveted fireplace seat on a Friday night... was pretty packed for Happy Hour but cleared out shortly after. Seemed like it would be good for a casual date or a group of friends. Food was average... had their guacamole/brie/sun-dried tomatoes on bread thing, and the seasoned curly fries, which were actually unseasoned curly fries. Corner Bistro still reigns supreme for best food on this block.
My best friend and I had a holiday party there and invited 20 of our closest friends. I had never been before, neither had anyone else, but I found it on Yelp and thought that I would give it a shot. I was looking for 1. couches 2. Food menu 3. Happy Hour 4. low music... And it had all of that and more! They are open 365 days a year, from 4pm-4am and happy hour is everyday from 4p.m to 7p.m, two for one! I got there at six and headed for the back room where all the couches are. It was already getting a little packed, so my friend and I spread out our coats and bags on the chairs. It got packed VERY quickly and I would suggest if you're having a big party there, get there around 5:30 to secure a spot. You cannot order from the bar if you're in the back area, so my only suggestion would be that they have more waiters. Other than that it was awesome. They need funkier, friendlier waitresses.
I am a big fan of Art Bar for many reasons.  It's backroom is speakeasy-esque; so drastically different from the front room.  Their Happy Hour M-F 4-7 offers draft beers, house wines and well drinks for $3. A Blue Moon or Stella for $3 so close to Meatpacking? Yes, please. Their food is tasty and as reasonably priced as their drinks.  Their selection of wraps, sandwiches and burgers are of better quality than you'd expect from a bar.  Their nachos and fried calamari are a fatty's dream.  Oh, and the art, of course!  It sparks conversation, making this the perfect Match.com first date spot.
cool bartenders, lounge in back with fireplace- and KILLER 2-4-1 happy hour rules! 4pm to 4am- reliable and fun choice.
I came to Art Bar for the first time last night with a few friends. It's a great West Village spot! I had read numerous reviews about a pretty sweet back area with seating so my friends and I headed straight for the back upon entering. I am so glad I had read about the back area because it is fantastic for justing relaxing and catching up with friends over drinks. The back area also has table service. I was pleasantly surprised by the cheap (by NYC standards, of course) price of cocktails and beer. Cocktails were $8 and beers ranged from $5-6. My friends and I decided to try a few different cocktails. Each one was very delicious and well made. I felt like I should have been paying the more average price of $12-$14. We tried the Lychee Mojito, Arnold Palmer, Butterscotch Martini, and Pink Lemonade Martini. My friend asked our server for recommendations, and she suggested some cocktails that were not the list for a little variety, which happened to be a cucumber martini and pumpkin pie martini. We really enjoyed each of our drink choices! I love the atmosphere of Art Bar. It's very chill, and not pretentious which is nice to find in the West Village. We came on a Saturday night around 10 pm and it was not overcrowded. Our sever was great, and service was very quick. I would definitely return to Art Bar!
part bar/part lounge. the drinks and staff are decent, as is the bar food. if i recall, happy hour is 2 for 1, which i always appreciate! this is a good place to drop into with a small group of friends, or even on a date.
Cold. Day. In. Hell. Everyone THINKS they are awesome here. How nice for them. Let's start with the bartenders: Sweeties, I'm a girl (A) and I'm from Texas (B), so your real-life-in-my-face boobs do little to fascinate me. And since I'm clearly paying for my own drinks and I have my own god damned boobs, maybe charm up that attitude a bit since I could not care less about your low-cut cheap black tank top that really you should not be wearing anyway and thus does not merit exceptional tipping or fake smiles. The drinks: Do not come here for a well-mixed drink or wine of quality. Come here to drink. My first KettleOne + Soda was so strong I had to restrain my gag reflex and ask for a glass of soda to go with it. Yeah, that can be great if that's the kind of night you're looking for. But being trashed is only sexy if you remember the appropriate details the next day. Like names, for example. The clientele: If you go here routinely and not because it's your neighborhood place and not because all of your friends go to Art then yeah, perhaps you fall into the second sentence above. And really, the first one too even if I'm not sure how. The music: There is a juke box, yes, but despite my lack of enthusiasm for this establishment I find it hard to believe any of the people in the bar would have actually picked the Now That's What I Call Music 2005 crap I heard, but Jesus, does it matter?
cozy, cheap, good combo of divey with some "art" thrown in to make you feel special. came here on a date with a friend where we sat at the bar and dished for hours while enjoying great service and diverse people watching in between breaths of conversation.  the back room is awesome for a real date as well.  good spot if you're in the neighborhood.
Cozy bar, nice music. Half the price on happy hours, but get early or you won't find a seat.
love it! cozy place to just drink and mingle... drinks were pretty cheap considering the area we were in. and um the drinks were pretty damn strong! good times.. def would go again.
Ah the art bar, I frequented here an while ago and then we happened to be walking past and decided to step in. My friend looked at the front bar and was thinking, "ok, big deal?" I said, "no wait, come with me." and we went straight to the back room. Now we're talkin'. I think the couches might be the same and it hasn't changed much. I think the bat hanging from the ceiling is new. But its so mellow, with big comfy couches and exposed brick. You can actually hear yourselves talk. Feels like the Ace Lobby without the laptops and crowds, or someplace the mad hatter would hang out in. Drink prices were very cheap. It almost feels like a speak easy the way you have to just know to go to the back room. Although when we walked in and saw the front part packed, the waitress let us know there's room in the back. I was surprised to hear there was room. I still have one question. Why on earth does anyone hang out in the front of the bar?
I've been here on a few weeknights, and it's just a great, chill place to spend some time with friends. The staff is well-meaning if vaguely inattentive, and the drink menu generally has something I'm really feeling (as opposed to "willing to drink"), whether it's a fun martini or a nice glass of wine. Overall the reason I keep coming back here is the atmosphere, which is neither too busy nor too "cool," but still manages to be fun, hip and relaxed.
All the good things. 1. Ambience and decor are GORGEOUS. It manages to be both visually pleasing and extremely comfortable, so it draws a really mixed crowd but manages to be completely unpretentious. 2. Drinks are potent and insanely affordable. 3. Bartenders are always friendly. There was one named John awhile back who was a sweetheart and every staff member we've encountered has been efficient and great. 4. For being in such close proximity to the MeatPacking Industry aka the Bowels of Hell, it's a really good escape for a low key bar whether you want to do happy hour or stay there late. One of my favorite bars in all of NYC.
Love this place. I've gone here twice so far. Decent drink prices, friendly waitresses, mix of atmospheres. First time I went here my friend brought me here we tried to go into the back, it was completely full, like packed solid. Whatever, we sat in one of the booths at the front. Still pretty chill, and the seats were comfortable. Poppin' bar type atmosphere, very friendly and the place was "full" of other alums from our small liberal art's college in VT. Weird. We ordered whiskeys and got pretty hefty servings of liquor on the rocks. Hell, it was enough to get me buzzed, which usually takes several shots. Always have this place in the back of my mind when I'm near 14th street or the west village. On Halloweekend was hanging out with another friend. Neither of us was costumed as we were coming from a classical music concert in midtown I had been teching at. After a few hours of walking around central park and running away from hobos because nothing was really open there, we made our way downtown. We walked around the village for a while, not really finding anything, then I remembered Art Bar. Get to the bar, my friend is like omfg loud bar, NOPE! as there was a bunch of drunk costumed folk in front. I'm like, just try it, I'll buy you a shirley temple. I walk into the back, it's barely full and really relaxed. He is surprised by the difference. We claimed a super squishy couch. I got a dark and stormy, which was sufficiently liquory and reasonably gingered with a hefty piece of lime. He got a shirley temple, which they were slightly puzzled as to why he didn't want vodka or rum in it, but once it was explained they brought him one. We sat and shittalked for an hour or so. I paid the bill, it was very reasonable: $8 cocktail, $3 shirley temple. Mixed drink cost was on par with what I pay for a glass of wine at a bar in europe... so not painfully expensive, but not stupid cheap.
Awesome place - pick the front or back, depending on your mood. Arrived about 10:30pm on a Saturday night.  I headed straight to the back to secure couch seats.  All were taken, but we then saw one side of a couch open up and grabbed it.  The guys on the other side of the couch were cool enough to let us know that we could take it if we wanted to because no one from their party was using it.  Shortly afterward, the guys left and we had the full couch to ourselves.   It seems that the back area is the pre-party spot, so the couches tend to turn over pretty quickly.  We were there for about 2 hours and in that time we saw at least half the couches turn over once.  So don't fear if you arrive and the couches are taken; if you are patient, they will likely open up shortly. The front was also cool.  I'd say that you preference to sit in the front or the back of the bar depends on what you are looking for.  If you want more of a bar feel, then stay in the front; if you want more of a chillaxing feel, then stay in the back. The music was 90s pop - think Boys 2 Men, Backstreet Boys, etc., and not too loud.  Drinks were very reasonably priced and the waitresses were friendly, and not overbearing.
Older, kind of hipster, different crowd.  Bartender was nice, but service was pretty terrible. Drinks are cheap - that's a plus.  Random bar.
The back room with couches is great for a casual, intimate date. The drinks are good and well-priced. Busy and loud on a Thursday night, but not too much. You may have to get there by 9/930 to get a couch. However, the waitress did not anticipate us wanting more drinks. She only came at the very beginning and had to be flagged down to get the check. If she would have checked in on us once or twice, I guarantee we would have got another round. Funnily enough there weren't any pauses in conversation with my date, so I couldn't hail for the waitress if I wanted to. Keep this in mind when you go.
Awesome Bar! I've been coming here for years! I totally love the lounge in the back room, and the crazy diverse crowd that finds their way into the bar is always a fun scene. Drinks are really reasonable and the food is totally what you always want when you need a snack at a bar! Curly Fries ! Pigs-N-the Blanket! Charles is awesome- I miss him on Sundays ! I also adore Mary, who is the best cocktail server in the city. I wish I was throwing back a martini there as we speak ! Ok - maybe I'm on my way there now for just that :) PS there is a great Happy HR at Art Bar.
Yes the back room is way cooler than the front. But the front is still pretty great if you get a spot at the bar. Finally made it out of the office in time for happy hour! And WOW this is a great happy hour. $3 drafts, low price house wines. What's free are the characters you meet there. All ages of people and everybody with his or her own story. TV's too. Low price drinks, good bartenders, and free entertainment.
great food, great drinks, great staff % gorgeous people! gets crowded but fun and a great place to hook up
I've got two things to say about this place: The cocktails were OK, the bartender was a bit sour. The other way around would've been better, probably.
I gave this two stars even though I come here about once a month since it's close-by.  Let me explain.  There is nothing great about the decor, the crowd, the drinks.  It's rather dive-y and grungy, as a matter of fact.  Everything is meh.  But the prices are low for the area, and I can come here in gym clothes for a quick beer and not feel self-conscious.  Also, I find the toilets a disaster.
Very funky bar. We went straight to the back room with the couches & fireplace. A very relaxed & chilled out vibe. The staff were excellent, taking our dinner & drinks order as soon as we sat down which was great. The vege nachos were yummy and the large size was HUGE! The Cajun shrimp were very moreish! The vege spring rolls weren't bad. The Absolut Pearadise was great value and very strong! The Pink Lemonade was a new favourite!
Nice lounge in the back with comfy couches. Great, relaxed atmosphere. Decent prices and nice staff. I'll be coming back for a beer in the near future.
Great location.! Decently-priced drinks.  There's a front bar area that's fairly standard, and a comfy back room you may not notice at first.  I definitely recommend the back room for its cozy couches and more intimate feel.  Good spot for a date or a group of friends.  I also love the celebrity Last Supper painting on the wall! Food is alright and good portions.  Service was slow in the back
What lured me into Art Bar was a big round booth in the front window where my friends and I could all fit comfortably. I should have known better. For one thing, the crowd wasn't so great. Totally bridge and tunnel, overdressed types. This didn't make much sense to me based on the interior of the space, but perhaps so-called "dive" bars are now hip with this crowd. And secondly, the mojito I ordered was disastrous. It was dark in the room and I couldn't see it well, so I drank a little of it, but it had a really weird bitter taste, not like cheap rum or like funky limes... I pulled some of the mint out, and it was straight up brown, slimy, and rotten. Gross! I make mojitos often at home and I know that no amount of muddling or soaking makes mint leaves turn brown in the glass like that, it had to be rotten before it made it into my drink. Based on all of that, my friends and I barely made it through one round before throwing some cash on the table and getting out of there.
I was drinking the hatorade on artbar for  few months when everytime I showed up, there was not a place to sit at the bar. Instead I had to go in the backroom, stare at weird paintings on the wall and patiently wait for the waitress to present her snooty ass and order a drink. So "fuck you", I said. The next weekend I met Charles, who works there on Sat and Sun nights and Artbar has become my favorite hang. The happy hour is notably to write home about - ALL seven days, buy one get one free from 4-7pm. Thursday onwards get there a little early as the bar gets packed. Crowd is usually pretty decent, but sometimes there's the crazy cat lady who has lived in the west village forever, will try to convince you to join her 'duckatheory' religion. Weird! The food is probably the best part of this bar. It's an extremely eclectic menu ranging from burgers to chicken wings to chinese dumplings to samosas. The food is cheap and very edible. And they are open till 2am. TWO FRIGGIN AM, which is when I wake up anyways. So, very convenient.
I used to love the Art Bar. I lived in Chelsea a few years ago and my roommate and I went there a lot for a cozy neighborhood place. Since moving further uptown, I still visit the Art Bar a few times a year, but  I had a terrible experience there the other night. I was sitting in the front booth with a group of friends when I felt something tickle my neck. I thought it was a strand of my hair, but when I looked down to brush it away it was a GIANT cockroach that was crawling across my collar bone. I have lived in New York long enough to know that freak things like this happen and it doesn't necessarily mean the Art Bar is unsanitary. I was really disappointed, however, by the staff's reaction. They acted like it was no big deal, did not offer to comp my drink or even apologize for what happened. Our waitress's response was "It probably crawled in from outside." After 7 years of patronizing this place, I think I'm done.
Great drinks. Good prices. Friendly bartender. Back room with fireplace and couches and The worst art I've ever seen.
was here on a sat. worst cocktail waitress ever. waited in line for the restroom and was threatened by the waitress and wanted me kicked out due to the fact I didn't know she was cutting me based on her working there! Lame!!!!!!!!! let me know and I'm fine!!!!!!
When I came to New York to go to school, I gained access to a world of opportunities. And while I generally think that the pros of leaving the Californian suburbs outnumber the cons, I have to admit that I did miss out on some significant college experiences by being in the city. And by "significant college experiences," I mean awesome house parties. But hey, at least there's Art Bar. I suppose I've already turned off a bunch of people by using the words "college" and "house party." By no means is Art Bar is an extension of frat row or home to half the cast of Girls Gone Wild VI.  Rather, Art Bar is a lively bar with a noticeably young crowd; the place is neither scene-y or dive-y, but filled with good folks whose carefree attitude is absolutely refreshing.   It's what I imagine the large apartment of a cool friend would look like during a weekend party if he weren't constrained by ridiculous New York rent. If your friend, the laid back English major who never went to class (you know, the guy you'd call up for a beer and Truffaut night) owned a bar, it'd look something like this. He has some aesthetic sense so the place has a bit of a jazzy feel to it. There's some charm in the slight diner-like touches (from booths to the jukebox in the corner) and the total living room atmosphere in the back including ironic artwork featuring rock stars. But the place generally looks like it's been made with a college student budget and tastes. And because the friend is so cool, this place could switch from a really a rather quiet intimate get-together with some close friends or a crowded party where almost everyone is there--even some straggling frat boys and their safety school girlfriends. As expected, it's bit of a hassle when it's crowded. The space in the front (between the bar and the booths) is really narrow and gets easily congested. The lines for the two bathrooms also could get long, depending on what hour of the night it is. The alcohol choice is what you'd expect from your college friend who likes to believe that he has eclectic tastes. So there's the standard beers ($6 a bottle) you'll find everywhere else, and some not-too-often-spotted Grolsch pop-tops (art gallery beer of choice) at $6.50 a bottle and Original Sin Hard Cider (because your friend is nice and remembers what a pansy your liver is). And the food is rather unremarkable drunk food. I get the nachos and every single piece of it tastes like it came straight out of the plastic bag from the processing plant. But at 2 in the morning when you're sloppy drunk and have convinced your friend that you two should open a gallery in Brooklyn after graduation, those nachos are pretty darn good. And the service and bathrooms are what you'd expect from a lazy college kid. The service was slow and things come out in erratic order, but they're rather polite about it. The last time I went, the lock on one of the bathroom was broken (either that or the girl I walked on in was too drunk to lock it) and the faucet was broken in the other. Ugh. All in all, Art Bar is a good fun place to be. Does it wow me? Not really. Would I come back? Yes, but not often; not because I prefer places with functioning bathrooms, but because house parties get old quickly.
this place has horrible customer service... i left my gym bag there, called immediately and they refused to check for it. after a round of mediocre to bad drinks at expensive prices, i expected more. i literally will never go there again, and will actively discourage others from frequenting.
Happy hour $3 drafts and a loaded backroom with couches to get your talk on, etc. Had a fun time at Art Bar with my media peeps, we will definitely be back for more. Sat right underneath the past hollywood celeb last supper painting. Tried their meat and veggie nachos--thumbs up for both.
Art Bar was the only open place still serving libations in the wee hours on a Sunday. We all came in and sat at the bar. The bartender was kind of cranky. I have always felt it rude to tell someone to smile. I usually lay a $20 down as a tip and that does the trick. This time it didn't. :/ She just threw it in her tip jar and continued with the same expression. I realize this chick doesn't have to be be my friend, kiss my ass, or even smile at me. Maybe she was having a bad night? So when that didn't work, I tried the old "...and ill buy you whatever youre having" to which she responded, "im not drinking" eeew! ...OH NO SHE DI'INT!!  she could have at least pretended to have one with me. Still, no smile. She continued on with her cranky demeanor. Could it be because I ordered an Old Fashioned? (its a pain in the ass to make) Perhaps she thought I was on the Mad Men bandwagon? (no way, I would never!) Too close to last call? (...yeah, that was probably) it. My drink was good, but then again its hard to mess up an Old Fashioned. Over all it falls short of what NYC has to offer in respect to bars. Ambiance was dark (which I like) but other than that it kindof reminds me of an old closed down diner. There is bad art all over the place. Yes, im an art snob.
The perfect neighborhood bar, Art Bar does boozing right with a gentle mix of coffee house relaxation and cheap divey cocktails. The front room is made up of comfy booths and a long bar while the back room is reminiscent of a harem with couches and pillows everywhere. Since I've mostly come here in an inebriated state, my recollection of details beyond that set up is sketchy. The bartenders are always nice and fun - taking shots with patrons and being generally rather than short and rushed like most bartenders. Their happy hour from 4-7pm everyday is a nice touch. Combined with a pretty extensive bar menu, it's the perfect place for a post-work stopover.
This place is stellar. It's not a scene bar. The back room -- complete with fireplace -- feels like someone's basement. And the wait staff is helpful and attentive. After dinner -- but before heading our separate ways to LIC, Cobble Hill, and Greenpoint -- we camped out for drinks: a seven and seven, a Sam Adams, and a glass of wine. The vibe by the fireplace was great, the other patrons amusing and engaging, and the Last Supper intriguing given its history. We did agree that we've seen a better portrayal of Salvador Dali, however. I'll be back.
Up in front Art Bar resembles a diner, with nondescript professionals drinking during the 2-for-1, 4PM-7PM  happy hour on barstools and ordering nachos from oversized booths. Part the curtain to reveal Art Bar's back lounge, which resembles an  idealized vision of the West Village - low, plush couches, interesting murals and clusters of attractive bohemians sipping beer or weak cocktails. A peaceable, pleasant for-groups destination, particularly in the early evening.
Dayum, all this time and I never chilled with a date in the intimate-love-cave/baby-makin-alcove, back area of this spot?!!  WTF, yo... Done did it last night, homie. Waitress was mad quick and attentive, $25 bottles of white wine was a sweet deal, candles all up in mah grill, lots of milktoast dates all up in mah vantage point, Nelly Furtado ish on the 1's and 2's...comfy couches that were very "accomodating" if you gotz a dope honey witcha...yeaaaa
I went here on a first date. Let me tell you , at first I was skeptical when I walked inside. But as soon as I went through the curtains I was happily surprised. It is very romantic and a great place for a to take someone special. Only wish I was sitting near the fire place, but all in all I enjoyed myself. The bottles of wine were priced fairly. And we enjoyed our calamari. I do want to go back and try some of their signature drinks (which also are priced fairly).
The front of Art Bar has five large booths and a small bar. You don't want the front. Wander around towards the back near the bathroom and you'll see a curtain, behind which is a lounge area that's triple the size. From the Yelp reviews, I was expecting a swanky, dimly lit lounge with a bunch of private couches. Not quite. It's a giant room filled with couches and chairs that crisscross every which way. It's more like an uber-comfortable basement that someone set up for a party. Sure, there were some people making out, but many more were just relaxing and chatting with friends - it was more chill than trendy. The lighting was a little odd too - it was bright enough to see perfectly clearly, but dark enough to notice a dim. It just made you feel like someone forgot to turn the lights all the way up, as opposed to creating ambiance. I ordered a bourbon with a splash of coke. It came in a highball glass that was 75% Pepsi. Not cool. I will say that the waitress was prompt and very attentive given the size of the room. If you're looking for a comfortable place to grab a drink without massive crowds, this definitely works.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, my little sister used to cocktail waitress at Art Bar. Then the rebels invaded.  The Meatpacking District scene exploded, taking with it some of Art Bar's clientele and appeal.  Swanky lounges with plush couches started popping up everywhere, making Art Bar's bohemian decor seem shabby and reminiscent of that cool college dorm room where everyone used to go to light incense...among other things... I've continued to stop in here over the years from time to time and I have always appreciated the laidback & friendly feeling of the place.  Not to mention how inexpensive it is.  Standard bar food is served as well (try the nachos).  And chances are you'll bump into an aspiring actor/actress there, a bartender or waiter who just got done with their shift, or other various downtown types that are regulars. I would have given it 4 stars had it not been for my visit last night where my friend saw a mouse--3 TIMES.  Gross.  I text messaged my sister to ask if she had ever seen a mouse in her time working there and she said no.  Art Bar, you need to clean up your act to keep me coming back---USE THE FORCE!! (Or at least some traps)
Art Bar is a schizoid spot. The small, front section, consisting of a narrow walkway that divides the bar and the chairs lining it from the booths against the wall, is relatively frills-free. (Expect sardine conditions on weekends.) It's the perfect place to warm up to that longtime 'guy's guy' male friend of yours whom you like, who likes you, who... -Snaps out of her reverie. Clears throat.- Well, you get the general idea. But wait, there's more. The back section is an entirely different animal: It is an L-shaped lounge area populated by comfy, plush couches. (Great for groups.) I came with a friend (female, this time) at 12p on a recent Saturday night, and, despite the crowd, we managed to claim a loveseat. We sat for a little while pondering the fun, modern take on da Vinci's The Last Supper. ("Who is that woman with the mushroom-cut, blonde hair, sitting next to John Lennon? Yoko Ono?" "Andy Warhol." "Of course.") The cocktails are nothing to write home about, but they're fine. Avoid the Pinot Grigio, though: It tastes like it comes from a box.
AHH my beloved art bar. i used to come here at least 3 times a week. charlesie. alexis. mary. i miss you. the very first time i came here with the gay bf we chatted up this scottish dude next to us and this really friendly bartender. fast forward two years and my bf stayed in scottish dude's apt over the summer and said bartender is one of our fave people to hang with. every party i've had has been here. i stick to the bar or the booths in front. the back room is not for regulars but people seem to like it over there. i have always thought it was creepy. also they have a full menu of delicious drunky treats like mozzy sticks, curly fries, and a delish veggie burger. god i miss living somewhere where bars are open til 5. love you and miss you art bar!
I'm aware of all of the good reviews about this bar, however, I feel as though this bar is lame for the following reasons: It's in the west village surrounded by whats become elite night spots where you have to be famous or have millions to get in, and people define this bar as "the dive bar of the west village" - as in cool The crowd here is always different, but more or less bridge/tunnely or frat The "special coctails" are always lame and filled with sugar The food is .....basically fast food The big back area would be good if not it were always full and super hard to hover to get a seat. Yup, thats all
Observations from an inebriated evening: It's a bar on the west side, but don't worry, not too west. It tries to be rock and roll, but it's not really. It's got some booths; everyone loves a booth. The nachos looks terrific. There are a lot of kids who look like they might be using their older brother or sister's expired driver's license. I didn't see much "art."
I really enjoy Art Bar. The circular booths in the front room are a great perch worth arriving early to snag. The back room could be fun with a big group mingling among the plentiful comfy couches - but it suffered from the triple whammy of smelling like gas, and seeming faraway and desolate in the earlier happy hours of the evening. And speaking of happy hours... Art Bar has a great 2 for 1 deal until 7pm that will give my regular after work haunt a run for my money, even if Art Bar is 20 blocks farther south. The spicy vegetarian mini samosas off a menu built on the backs of a dozen or so small plates ranging from only 4-8 bucks, were crispily delicious. My most helpful tip is that the bathroom on the left smells like pee, so go right if given the choice. (Me thinks these two unisex loos were not so long ago men's and ladies... and me thinks I know which was which.)
One of the many pleasures of being a shiftless unemployed bum is getting to finally experience "happy hour."  4-7 PM is not especially happy if you're stuck in the office filling out TPS reports, but 4:30 PM in an uncrowded Manhattan bar with 2 for 1 drinks with Bass on tap.... and no job to wake up for the next day... that's happiness in a nutshell my friends.  Unless you're an alcoholic, in which case disregard. They have one of those E*Cast digital jukeboxes inside, and since it has a way bigger selection than the typical analog jukebox, it's easy to find stuff you like.  I dropped in $5, thinking it was a small price to pay to become 'bar dj' and force everybody to listen to whatever I wanted.  Orbital, Aphex Twin, Blur, Clash, Beck... I was pretty gentle actually.  What would happen if you put $5 of loud Japanese noise-rock into the machine?  Does the bartender get veto rights?  Would the bar's patrons rise up in fury and demand the music get turned off?  If so would you get a refund?  There's only one way to find out, but please do this experiment at a bar far away from me. P.S. I'm not sure what puts the "Art" in "Art Bar."  I didn't really notice any particular art in there.  unless they're referring to the art of jukebox dj'ing, in which case call me Picasso.
One of my favorite bars in NYC.  It's a good place to chill with some friends - lots of space with comfy places to sit and good drinks. I've been here a bunch of times with friends and only ever sat in the back.  The front and back parts of the bar seem to have totally different vibes; I would say the front is more of a traditional bar and the back is definitely more of a lounge.  Anyway, the back has lots of comfy couches and chairs clustered around tables, with dim lighting and music that's loud enough to provide background noise but not too loud.  This place has a great happy hour, though I've been here late night and their regular priced drinks are also affordable. I like that the artwork on the walls changes periodically; it seems like every time I go, there's something new to admire.  You can't leave Art Bar without checking out the Last Supper painting - it's one of the few pieces in the bar that you can't buy, which is a shame, because I would gladly throw away my whole savings account on that painting alone.  So so cool. I've tried several of the appetizers here - the nachos, chicken fingers, samosas, and quesadillas - and they're pretty standard bar food, but still tasty.  The portions are pretty large, perfect to share with a group of friends. The service has been great every time I've been here.  The waitresses have always been attentive and check on you throughout the night to see if there is anything else you need.  I took off one star because the bathrooms are really grimey (and I usually don't even care what the bathrooms at a bar are like) and because this place is sometimes frequented by obnoxious too-drunk girls and a few too many hipsters during late night hours.  But other than, it's a great spot and one of my staples.
When you walk in, you think this bar is tiny.  But weave your way past the bar and through the curtain in the back and it opens up into a rather large brick-walled room with couches and ottomans.  It was a good choice for my friend's birthday gathering where he invited a lot of people who don't know one another.  There was a 2-for-1 happy hour, that I arrived too late to take advantage of, that ended at 7.  They also have a menu of bar food to help sop up the beers. A good place for group drinks, assuming you get there early enough to commandeer a space.  It was pretty crowded when I left at 8 (on a Wednesday... so that's probably even more true on a weekend).
I'm fighting the urge to stroll on down to Art Bar for a nightcap right now. Maybe Yelping it will pacify my addiction. I'm reasonably biased towards Charles, but the regular bartenders are all personable and interesting people who will remember your name. Once you get sucked irretrievably into the Art Bar's grasp, they'll remember the names of the friends you bring in too. The bar food here is the best around for the value. All the staples, with some interesting items too (e.g., veggie curry samosas). I recommend the vegetarian nachos (the mini size is plenty), and I recently discovered the salads are pretty good too. Once I held a birthday pre-gaming gathering here for about twenty people, because if you call the reservation line you can *sort of* reserve a spot. In reality this just means that you get the right to stake out a spot in the homey back area and tell other people it's yours. It isn't ideal, but we ended up improvising handmade Reserved signs (good idea, Craig!) and it worked out okay. There is a good group of regulars here, all different kinds of people, and I'm almost getting to the point of considering myself one of them. So come, sit, sip, nosh, and chat!
I can't find it in myself to give a comfy dive type place who charges $6 for beer 5 stars but I certainly love this place anyway. Is there a way around $6 beers? Yes, go from 4-7pm during happy hour where it's 2 for 1 drinks (all types). $3 Beer? Sign me up. The front room has the bar and a bunch of semi circle booths and the back room is the massive cavernous space full of comfortable couches and a gas burning fireplace. The space can get filled up pretty quick but if you can get a spot with friends or a date it's really a wonderful space. They also have a pretty large menu with mostly typical items at standard prices (not sure how good the food is yet though). As a side note, despite being called Art Bar, the place isn't really all that artsy and there is only a few art pieces around. I was expecting something more along the lines of the decor of Max Fish on the LES.
Ladies night (Tuesday) is great here, with half-price drinks and decent DJs. No cover, so that's nice, but I have one gripe. Art Bar tried to tell me they have a $20 minimum purchase on credit card transactions. I told them it violated the terms of their credit card contract, but they didn't care. I can't stand when businesses make up rules that violate my rights as a consumer and credit-card user. Yes, I had cash, but it became a matter of principal.
My cousin, who comes from a ritz and glam family where only 5 stars and exclusive is their middle name (her side, not mine), loves this bar which I always thought was weird when she talked about it but I went twice and hated it and now im convinced shes a loon. When walking in, you are greeted with frat basement stale old spilled beer and puke smell which I never need to smell again.  The first time there, we only stayed for 1 drink in the front.  It was too crowded to sit or stand and the smell was awful so we left shortly after. The second time, said cousin had the balls to take the ladies of my family there after a nice dinner.  We sat in the back room which I will admit, had some really cool art pieces.  It was kinda dark but had a neat feel to it. Just as we were getting used to things my other cousin (mind you from the hood so to speak) jumped out of her seat and someone screamed from across the room.  We all looked at each other like WTF and then we saw it. There are huge fabric curtains at the entrance to this back room and scampering down this curtain were 2 MICE!  One ran right down onto a girls shoulder! OK yes this is NYC and yes there are mice and roaches and other disgusting things we care to ignore.  But when you have mice that are that clearly in sight, you need more than an exterminator and traps.  Oy!
Came here after hours (which is about 3am by LA standards) and found a nice spot to relax and let the buzzing in my ears subside. The couches are dangerously comfortable, and if you've had a big night and sink into one of them, you risk falling asleep. Our server was great, and the people there were really friendly. Drinks are decently priced and heavily poured. I couldn't even finish my Captain & Diet because it slapped me in the face every time I went for a swig. Beware: The bathrooms are gross, and feel like they were built back when people were 4 feet tall.
*Never tried the food here, the review is for bar alone* I really like Art Bar; I have fun every time I go here. The back room, with the couches and paintings, is dimly lit and really sexy, and they have a bottle of champagne on the drink menu for only $25. One night I went and enjoyed the drinks so much that I forgot to close my tab, and left my credit card there overnight. Art Bar held the CC until the next day, didn't charge me any penalties, and didn't give me any shit for leaving it there overnight. Bonus.
Met a group of friends here yesterday, and all I can say is YUM!  The chicken sandwich w/brie on a baguette is the best thing going. I totally wanted to stuff my face w/fries, but you know what...I'll have a salad instead. Two glasses of wine later & I was barely standing.  Boy am I a lightweight. Waitress was really nice and it's inexpensive.  They had baseball and basketball going on the TVs, as well as some interesting musical selections.  I was surprised to see the large lounge in the back when I made for the bathroom---which is completely disgusting by the way.  Gotta drop a star for that one.
After being disoriented, lost and then a game of rat pinball we found this place! Hurrah! In the front of the house are massive booths to cozy up with your fave peeps, but walk to the back and plant your bottom on one of the living room set-ups (just make sure you don't sit under the drip in the back right hand corner) and admire the mish-mosh of art (?). Order drinks, tell tales of said rat pinball story, order more drinks, apply anti-bacterial on your foot, order even more drinks, admire handsome gay men, and then, order curly fries...devour. Now, you're definitely ready to start off the rest of your night.
Meh. It's okay. I was really excited to visit this bar. A co-worker went last week and gave a rave review about it to me, so my best friend and I decided to check it out. I was doubly excited about the pigs in blankets and the great happy hour. So why only 2 stars? Food was decent, not great. I was put off by the original attitude of the bartender. I walked in and was looking at the menu, and I didn't see the board behind her that had the Happy Hour specials. Even if I had noticed it, I should never have received the response I did.  Here's how the exchange went: BARTENDER: What can I get you? ME: What is the happy hour special? BARTENDER (in a snotty tone): Read the sign behind me. Does that help at all? (the board behind her says 1/2 off well drinks, house wines, and draft beers) ME (now slightly miffed at being treated like the Village Idiot): Ok. What are house wines? BARTENDER: Oh, well, that I can help you with. Chardonnay and Cabernet. I ended up ordering a well vodka with diet soda and lemon. I swear the drink had no alcohol in it. I couldn't taste any, and I felt nothing. I switched to Blue Moon draft next. The first was good, the next tasted the like the keg had kicked. On top of all that, it was impossible to get the bartender to pay attention to us. It did start to get busy about an hour after we got there, but before that, there were not a lot of people in the bar, so there was no reason why we shouldn't have had better service, except maybe for the fact that she was busy talking to her friends on the other side of the bar. I was incredibly disappointed.
I didn't see anything related to art or very artistic at this bar. Maybe it's just too dark and I couldn't notice. That's ok. There are still two things pleased me at this bar: I really liked the $8 women friendly special martini. It's like drinking a piece of tiramisu cake or almond dark chocolate cake. Not every woman loves dessert at 10 pm, but I bet no one would resist a dessert in rum. I also liked how they put some leather-feel material at the surface of the bar counter. When I sat down next to the bar, my knees touched something bit soft and warm, different than a piece of wood as expected. It's a little convenience but huge comfort.
What a find! We stumbled in after a night of nonstop dance partying to wind down. This place has so much character. The front area looks like an inconspicuous sit-at-the-counter neighborhood bar. But the back room is a cozy, dimly lit den with big cushy couches and strange eclectic artwork. So why only 3 stars? Well I wish I could comment on the drinks as well, but after sitting for nearly an hour, not a single person came back and offered to take our drink order. Word of advice, Art Bar, if you want to make money, you've got to SELL ME DRINKS.
I came here with two friends for a random, midweek get together. We've never been here but read about this spot on Yelp. I really enjoyed this bar. It's very relaxed and chill and the crowd is mixed but calm. It can also get pretty a little noisy at the bar so if you ventured a little further back, you'll find a lounge-type area full of cool and comfy couches. This place is full of art pieces all over the walls. Unfortunately, the lighting is very dim so we couldn't fully appreciate the artwork. We stayed here for about 2 hours ordering drink after drink and it was very relaxing. The dim lighting mixed with alcohol and crazy artwork all over the walls led to a little bit of a trippy tipsy moment, but, again, still very relaxing. At the end of the night, my friends and I were lounging on the couches and didn't want to move, we were just so comfortable. The service is pretty good. Our waitress brought our drinks quickly and when we eventually ordered food, it came out pretty fast considering the bar had filled up throughout the night. We ordered the quesadillas and my friend ordered the burger. The burger was average, nothing special, the quesadillas were very good and piping hot. Great place, I would definitely come here again for another chill relaxing experience.
I had a really lovely time at this bar. It has a killer happy hour -- $3 beers! -- and a pretty decent food menu. Art Bar has some of the best curly fries I've had in a while! But the back room definitely gets most of the credit. It's cozy and full of comfortable seats. It has a lot of character and a fireplace. You really can't go wrong! I plan on coming back for sure.
One of my favorite chill out bar in NY. It is very cosy (there is a fire place, art exhibition,...), waiters are friendly, serves food, prices are relatively low (25$ for a bottle of wine, 8$ for a very good cocktail). It feels like home to me.
*THREE AND A HALF STARS* There's something about this place that amazes me.  I've been here a number of times and no matter how late or how crowded the lounge area in back is, I've always been able to find seating.  Always.  Not always the prime comfy leather couches, but always some kind of seating.  There's a painting of The Last Supper cast with pop icons (Madonna, Mick Jagger, etc.) in the back room, and i always find myself staring at it, checking to see if I can recognize everyone in it.  Then I always decide that it's actually not very well rendered.  Then I realize I should pay more attention to my drink and the person/people I am with. Art Bar has a weird vibe.  It has a split personality with that back room versus the front bar, which is like any generic bar, but with booths instead of tables.  It's not run down enough to be a dive with personality, but it's not done up enough to be a cute 'n' cozy lounge.  It's a good place to know about for group outings, dates, etc.  Not a place you'd take someone to impress them, but a decent laid back hangout.
Suggested by a friend/yelper...I stopped in Art Bar this past weekend. The bar area is OK at best, but as others have reviewed, I came here for the lounge in the back room. Decorated with local artists work and warmed by a gas fireplace, this lounge is a very quiet, relaxing place to have a drink and relax. The seating may be a little cramped and the overall beer selection could use some revamping, but I enjoyed my time here and would definitely add this place to my repertoire, when i am in the area.
I HATE, yeah I used it + in all CAPS, this place with the passion of the Christ. If i could give it NO rating i would. I was asked, no, not asked, yelled at like a homeless person on fire with lice + gangrene, to get out of the bar because I wasn't ready to order a drink at 2am exactly at the moment that I sat down. God forbid that I wanted to start off with water. The super SUPER bitchy waitress snapped her lil head around + in a completely snotty way TOLD me I had to order alcohol NOW or GET OUT. NOW. HELLO are you having a bad day right now? Well it is about to get a whole lot worse. Exxxxxxxxxxcuse me ART BAR... let's see.... what if I was pregnant, what if I was the DD  WHAT IF you can't make me order alcohol? WHAT IF I NEED LIKE 2 minutes at 2am to look at the menu.... so enraged. It was on. I asked to speak to the manager--- oh wait? My favorite waitress REFUSED to get them.  I left that place with a huff + a puff--I couldn't even deal with her ignorance. What a lame excuse for an establishment.  I will  never ever go here again + highly recommend you find someplace else to spend your money. Such a bummer because the place has potential... maybe they should reconsider their staff---there isn't anything tasteful about how they treat their customers. If you want to learn the art of being a total JERK this is your kinda place.
We came here earlier in the night, probably around 9 and headed straight to the back room.  There was no music playing, and although it was crowded it was not loud.  We had some drinks and talked and it was relaxing and pleasant.  I like that the seating is only couches, which makes for a very comfy setting.  I wish they had more beer on tap, but I doubt they get many avid beer drinkers.  They did have Brooklyn Lager bottled, so I'm ok with that.  I had the ginger coolcumber cocktail also and it was good, albeit a little strong for my taste.   However, at 10:30 they turned on the music in the back room and we found ourselves shouting to be heard.  We left promptly after this.  I wish they hadn't done that, but it was a Saturday night so its understandable.  I would have stayed longer and ordered more though if they hadn't.  Maybe I'll go on a weekday and see.
Casual and spacious, with inexpensive beers and okay food. The bartender's quite friendly; the wait stuff unsnooty but not memorable. Why four stars, then? As a substitute living room for us cramped New Yorkers, it's fantastic. I almost always head for the shabby/elegant back room to find a seat. It's a brilliant maze of couches, benches, and ottomans that's great for both big groups (after-work happy hour, anyone?) and canoodling pairs. And the slightly off-kilter Last Supper mural makes for a good conversation starter.
Moved to the area about a year ago and have been here about once every two weeks.  Great low key bar/Lounge.  Mixed drinks are good, beer good, wine could use a little updating but its not a wine bar!  The back room is so comfy and a great place to have a date or hang out with friends.  HIGHLY suggest this place for anyone looking to chill after work or need a cozy place to hang out with a date!  Staff is really nice.  The only thing I would suggest is to come up with a better menu for food!
diggin it - do they have stella on tap?  Yep.  Do they give you the adorable stella glasses?  Sure.  Do they get mad at you if you smash it?  nope. props to the wait staff; nice enough not to lie about the amount of food you should order.  Besides...if you're gona give me good bleu cheese with good wings, you done earned your 4 stars IMNSHO (in my NOT so humble opinion).  and if you're gonna throw down with the chop sticks cause there's someone at the table without round eyes?  well then yous just money in my book.  ditto though, buffalo shrimp comme ci, comme ca - wings and dumplings?  Yum.
I came in here to watch the Yanks TROUNCE the Indians. I caught a corner bar seat right in front of the TV. I gulped down two pints of Harpoon IPA while I was there. Good music, good service and plenty of people traipsing in and out. I see myself spending a lot of time at this neighborhood bar scene. There is supposed to be a more comfortable lounge area at the rear but I did not check it out. We will be back.
Art Bar, you used to be so cool. But now, WOOF. Last night, our waitress could not have been more of a beeatch. She threw and sloshed piss-poor drinks at our table of seven chicks as if we had an infectious disease. Some of us weren't even prettier than her - sheesh.   The munchies we ordered were gross and cold. It was explained that none of our drinks were covered by the "happy hour" 2 for 1 sign. When one of us finally ordered a "covered" drink, her free drink was brought at the same time as the first one. Just so the ice could melt sufficiently into the already-watery mixture as to make it undrinkable.     After all this pleasantry, when the check came, a big gratuity was added on to it without telling us, and the waitress had the temerity to ask if we wanted change. Bite me, girlfriend. I love your dark back room with the couches and the fireplace, Art Bar, really I do. Many good memories are balancing against this vile experience to leave you with three stars. But step it up.
I like it, I like it a lot.  My and my best friend work close by.  So just the other night, we stopped in for the first fime, and got a couple of rounds.  We intially sat, at one of the round tables upfront, but because it was a very chilly spot we moved to the back.  The back room was filed with cozy couples.  There was some room on one of the couches but we choose to sit in front of the fire place, to warm up a bit. I felt like, I was on a date with my BFF.  It is a nice spot for dates. There was a digital juke box, but I'm not sure if it was on that night.   The bar has a lengthy drink menu.  Many different types of Martini's, and they are  only $8.00.  I tried, the orange bliss.  Also on the drink menu was, cosmo's, mojitio's, beer, and wine.   If you sit in the back room, or one of the round tables, table service is available.   I didn't get a chance to look at any of the featured art, but I will next time.    There is a happy hour, that I'd like to check out..............
Two for one happy hour, 4-7 PM every damn day. House red does the trick for me. I work very nearby so I usually run here screaming. Great bar food: try the nachos!
Max Fish of the west village?  Perhaps, it's been there long enough.  This place is your local bar, friendly people, and good food.  Mozzarella sticks!! I'm sure you're tired of the Meat Packing neighborhood, this is your antidote... Plus on any given night you can find Sav & entourage there, so you know you'll have a good time!
Conversation next to me at the bar: "So I blew a sh*tload of coke....And I like totally pulled a Charlie Sheen" "Really dude??  Awesome!!" I really don't have much more to add here about Art Bar.  It's fine and obviously, per the above, entertaining.  But it smells funny and for anyone that knows me, they know I can't handle that.
I really don't want to tell you about this place.  It's mine I tell you, ALL MINE! Ok, I'm only selfish since this is one of the few cool, unpretentious, non-wine bar, hang outs that remain in the West Village.  And it's ridiculously close to my apt.  So find your own neighborhood bar or please only go there sparingly. At the Art Bar, I always have good time.  Servers are pleasant, not snotty, and the patrons seems to be cheerful.  I think this is helped by the decor which eclectic, engaging but not brooding.  The front of the bar is reminiscent of a 1950s diner, complete with circular leather booths and sputnik lamps.  The back of the bar lives up to its namesake by including some varied and engaging art on the exposed brick walls, reminiscent of "old NYC" (before it became Disneyland).  There is a nice array of worn, old couches and tables to truly relax and mellow.  Winter bonus: Working fireplace.  if you are a female, let me translate: "Oh, it's SUPER cute". This is not a place to satisfy your craving for an overpriced, luxuriously silly creation from a mixologist.  Get your dirty martini, dark and stormy, Manhattan, craft beer, wine here.  Drink and enjoy.
I visited this spot for happy hour after work with a friend before we went dancing that Friday night. The front room wasn't very appealing, but the back room feels like a cozy, sophisticated basement in someone's home with some unique/eccentric art work on the walls. The seating was comfortable, the food was delicious (I recommend the guacamole & brie appetizer) and the drinks were superb. It got busy early on though, so I would recommend getting there early to grab a spot in the back room!
I met my friends here this past Saturday and my first impression was, "Oh cool. Nice and laid-back. No pretentious bastards here!" And yea, the patrons weren't bad but the STAFF! UGH! SUCH HORRIBLE SERVICE! The bartender in the front passed judgment on me when I asked for a drink. Yea, I want a glass of wine at a dive bar, SO WHAT? And it was not worth $9! We moved to the back in hopes of a more relaxed and less judgmental atmosphere. They have a bunch of couches & a working fireplace.. it's a pretty good place to hang out w/ friends in a really casual setting, like you could have a bomb ass game of Taboo or Catchphrase or something. But was the service better in the back? Absolutely not. In fact, it was worse. There were 2 SMALLER groups than our own and one server. I would've understood if the place was packed but come on, how long do we have to wait to get some drinks? If the wait was the only issue, I would've bumped the rating up to 3 stars because I can get over judgmental bartenders. That's not a biggie at all. But this server! She was a TOTAL bitch. I mean, really though.. SEE YOU NEXT TUESDAY. Every time she came by our table, she looked so annoyed and bothered to be serving us. Um, excuse me? Isn't this your job? What's your problem? And the food sucks. Everything was sub-par. The food, the service, the prices.. you can't really go wrong with beer & wine at dive bars all presumably suck, but man.. the service was just awful.
My review is strictly for the weekday happy hour at Art Bar  - and "Yay!  I'm a fan" is a pretty accurate description.  Wine, beer, and well drinks are half off until 7pm, and I think that paying $3 for a glass of wine while sitting in a comfy booth with friends after work isn't the worst way to spend a few hours.   It's usually pretty easy to grab a seat, either at the bar or in one of the aforementioned booths, and they also have a back room with couches and loungy type chairs, but there have been private parties back there each time I've come to Art Bar.  There are 2 unisex restrooms that are generally well-kept and clean.  The service can be a little slow, but you're only paying a few dollars for your drinks, so it's not that bad. It's conveniently located near most subways and the ambiance inside is pretty cool.  I'll continue to come to Art Bar for happy hour and I'd definitely try it on a weekend if I found myself in the area.
Happy hour and service for the area...nothing better... My drinks were $3 and a great place to start the night
Stopped by on a Monday evening with a group of coworkers. The front room is sort of divey, with booths that look comfortable. The back room is large and has a completely different vibe, more loungey, dimly lit, with low sofas and cropped curtains that give it a sort of middle eastern feel. I'm giving them 3 stars because I only had a Blue Moon in a hurry, but I wouldn't mind coming back here. Just a few words for our awesome waitress: she was the only one working the entire back room, which at that time was packed. She was nice, courteous, and prompt. FTW!
I did not get to see the back room at all but as far as the front room goes, I don't think it's worth coming here unless you can find a place to sit. There are about a dozen stools by the bar and half a dozen booths right behind it. Luckily the four of us got to sit at a booth but with people going in and out and waiters constantly walking in front of us, it just wouldn't make sense to come here unless you're sitting by the bar or at a booth...there's just no room to stand around and mingle. We came here during happy hour when drinks on tap were all $3. Pretty good deal but we definitely wouldn't have stayed if we didn't get to sit at the booth!
Great bar for the village, right mix of casual and lounge. Great for for a group of friends or a date (speaking of which, wish me luck!). Bartenders are busy, but very nice. There's also table service if you're feeling lazy.
I was initially drawn to this place due to wonderful experiences I had at a bar of the same name in Columbia, SC.  While the Chelsea version is not even close to its southern cousin, I'm definitely glad I found it. The front bar area is fairly nondescript with a slightly-too-narrow aisle, but the back room is amazing.  Lots of comfy couches and a great vibe.  Food is good too.  Beer selection is blah, but whatever.
