Went with a group of girls. We didnt know what to expect but decided to buy tickets last min. Tickets were reasonably priced. We had great seats. Front row. My friend got chosen to be part of the show. That was entertaining. The show was quite interactive. If you're into circus like shows.. and are open minded to some nudity.. and outlandish things.. this will be good for you. Not recommended for kids. It was a great night out with my friends.
I had no expectations for this show because I had never heard of it before my friend got tickets. From the reviews, I gathered it was some sort of sexy circus. Seating is first come first serve around the ring and we got front row seats! From start to finish, I was either laughing so hard I couldn't breathe or staring in wonder at the sheer awesomeness of human talent. This show is fantastic!! I think the acts vary from day to day because other friends had different experiences, and I only wish I could see everything. The show is a great blend of humor, inappropriateness, talent, varying stages of nudity, and audience participation. What a fun night!
Very entertaining show! It is nothing like I ever seen in NYC! The show is a blend of comedy, burlesque, puppeteers, sexiness, and adult humor on a tiny 8-feet round stage right in the middle of the audience! The audience surrounds this little stage which makes the evening up-close and personal. We had first row ring side seats and  the performers come almost face to face with me. No? You don't want to touch them? Don't worry they will be touching you! La Soiree is a fun night of entertaining using acrobats, juggling, and humor. It feels like you are in a cozy living room with all your friends just enjoy a personalize show. Definitely a most seen!
Honestly I was jumping between a 2 or 3 star review. Ringside seating is horrible unless your literally in the front two or three rows and probably would have raised the rating to three stars. So I suggest get there early as ringside seats are first come first serve or get drop the money for the vip tables or plush seating as its called on the seating chart I believe. The acts were cool enough, nothing I haven't seen before but I enjoyed the comedy that was mixed in and the acts were performed well including some funny audience interaction. Besides the bad seating we walked out of the theater at 9:45 and we got there late but still saw the beginning of the show. So with one short intermission the show was probably 1 hour or 1 hour 15 minutes long and it felt that short. I wanted more because I was enjoying the acts but I also felt I just didn't get my money's worth. In conclusion I would ONLY recommend this show if you get the table seats for a cheap price or you show up nice and early to get yourself some front row ringside seating but if you do, be prepared to join in on the acts or get a little wet. Finally be warned the show is very short and you notice how short it is. Just felt a little weak for $65 seats. Livingsocial apparently has a good deal.
One word: FABULOUS!!! Thoroughly enjoyed seeing this show. I have watched many shows that vary from price, which generally indicates how good or how much is put into the show. I bought La Soiree tickets via living social or groupon...I forgot, but they offer via both sites. The tickets were roughly around that of an off-Broadway show. I would recommend getting there timely or not late, if you want to sit closer to the front or middle-front. Although back ring-side seats are not that bad. The stage is a circle that isn't big at all. The arena around the stage is also not that large. I wouldn't recommend sitting in the very first row or two, or else you might get wet :D....unless you're into that. Overall, La Soiree its like Cirque du soliel on a smaller scale with a little bit risk-kay stuff. Like the ad says its a sexy circus. I won't spoil who in the show was awesome, but its was those that show the British flag, someone that does things with knifes, and a person walking in ways with a pole that looks unreal. It was a really good, entertaining, funny show from beginning to end. Hands down, one of the best shows I've ever watched. Highly recommend!!
Awesome show!!! I bought my ticket through groupon for $49. Service was efficient, as I arrived 30 mins before showtime and was able to redeem my purchase at the box office without any trouble. We were ushered flawlessly into the theater and as we walked in we received a free bag of popcorn! ...Not that I like popcorn, but who can complain about free stuff?? Once inside the theater we were able to choose where we want to sit. Yes, at times the performers do require assistance from the audience...so if you don't want to be put on the spot DO NOT sit in the front! There is a small stage which elevates the performers so if you sit in the middle, as I did, you will fine. Your alcoholic needs will be met since there is a bar and it does serve alcohol all through out the show. A beer cost $8.   The show itself is like an adult version of the circus. It has a combination of acrobatic and juggling performances in addition, to sexual comments, humor and some stripping. Yes, there will be guys without their shirts and you will be pleased you came to the show. Also, the stunts these performers execute really makes you reconsider your gym schedule or in my case it made me rethink about signing up to join the gym in order to get those ab muscles!! Finally, the jokes are stupid funny but it kept me laughing and entertained the entire time.   The show is a must see if you want to laugh non-stop, be amazed and see guys without their shirt ;)
Had a fantastic time at La Soirée and was such a great way to kick off the weekend on a Friday night especially after a long work week. The seating arrangement in the theater is pretty great as there really are no bad seats in the house. The doors open 30 minutes before showtime so I highly recommend arriving around then so you can get your best pick of seats as they are not assigned and are first come first serve! Show is overall best described as a variety show with some Acrobatic performances along with some other fun skits. They have two bars in the theater which are open throughout the entire show and they also have free popcorn for guests which was a nice added touch! The host and the entertainers were all really great and it was such an upbeat performance, you are guaranteed to leave feeling uplifted! As many reviewers have noted below, the best way to go about enjoying the show is to walk in without having any expectations and just sit back relax and enjoy! Notes: show runs about 2 hrs long and the closer you sit to the front,the more likely you will get chosen to participate!
I must say upon buying tickets for my friends birthday party I really wasn't expecting much. Being a straight male, I thought that I wouldn't like it due to the half naked men dancing around but I was wrong. The show was great, It was like watching a circus with some of the best street performers I've ever seen. It starts off with a singing puppet (which was actually amazing) turns into two men balancing on one another, a girl doing hula hoops, a juggler with an uncanny sense of humor, and the show goes on and on. The colors, the smoke, the ambiance.... everything was amazing. I suggest going in, getting your free popcorn and seeing this show. It's worth it!
I didn't know what to expect, and I think that's the best way to go into the show. Just know that it's good and try to get a seat in the front row! I lost ONE glove here though (just 1 sigh), and tried calling their office but to no avail :(
I'm torn between two and three stars... I went to see this show for my bday celebration. It was, to say the least, not as great as the reviews make it out to be. I went in expecting nudity and an adult themed burlesque type of show, unfortunately I didn't get that. The English men were nice and the tub guy was cute, but other than that it was more of a side show. The seating is great, you can actually see from anywhere in the room. No need to get the VIP seats unless you want to get wet or be bothered by the performers. The free popcorn was nice! (fb or four sq check-in) Overall I could have gone to a burlesque show at the slipper room and been more entertained. The show was nice, thankfully the ticket was only $20. Fyi: Don't expect to see what you read in the majority of the reviews. Also, you should definitely get a drink and the free popcorn.
Loved it! My only complain would be I did not know the seats were first come first served. Although I did not have the best seats in the house I still had a good view. I would recommend getting there early if you want front row seating. I know that is what I'll be doing this weekend...yes I going back to bring my sister as a Mother's Day gift!
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome, first come first serve seats, fun bartenders. Worth watching! Fun times, laughs guaranteed.
I got tickets to this as a holiday gift. We showed up and got a thing of free popcorn for checking in on Facebook. (I really like popcorn, and free things). This was the most fabulous show I've ever seen. The show is action packed from the moment the show starts. With amazing performances that leaves you thinking, "How did they do that?" "They make it look so easy." "That is amazing." "That's hilarious." I wish I was drinking that evening. My only regret.
I was having a pretty crap of a day. Then, I came here. AND NOW I FEEL CRAPPIN' FANTASTIC! It started with the free bags of popcorn without having to check in. Score! Word to the wise: Ladies, leave your man at home because you WILL embarrass him with your lustful, wild applause and whistles. Yes, the men are h-o-O-o-O-o-O-t and they do h-o-O-o-O-o-O-t things. But the ladies and comedic acts can bring it too. You will lust. Then you will be awed. Then you will laugh. A LOT. You will lust again. You will be awed again. You will lust YET again. And you will laugh A LOT again.
This show is so amazing. It's so good that I watched it twice within 2 weeks. Some of the skits were different but all were so entertaining. It's not exactly circque du soleil which was what I originally thought this show was about. It's a combination of singing, naked muscular men, hula hoops, bath tubs, and acrobatics. The two British men in the beginning were so good, I wish they had more acts in the show. The second time I watched it, there was a lot more audience participation. It could have gone wrong but the lady was so enthusiastic and full of energy that even if she picked the most shy guy in the audience it would have still gone well. Box office opens about an hour before and the actual doors open 30 minutes before show time. The seating is first come first serve..so..if you would like to sit in the front row aka possibly get picked on/brought on to the stage come early. There's also a possibility of getting wet in the front row. There's a quick 5-10 minute intermission and the show lasts about 2 hours. Check into foresquare to get free popcorn!
This show was fantastic.  It was pure entertainment that was funny, funky, sexy and hot.  There wasn't a dull moment in any of the acts.   The theater itself is cozy and although it is general admission, all the seats are great.  You get a great view from any seat in the house.
Just an A-MAzing show! There are not enough descriptive words to do it justice! From the opening act to the final bow, it's nonstop action! It is like Cirque du Soleil gave a "very special hug" to an underground cabaret/vaudeville show and this was the result! The British chaps are just fantastic, the hula-hoop/jump rope chick is awesome, and the handkerchief lady has got to be seen to be believed! The bathtub and lamp post boys are so easy on the eyes, what they do is just an added bonus! Just all around enjoyable from start to finish! I saw the show on New Years Eve and didn't have a problem getting tickets. The show is well worth the $49 for a mezzanine seat as there is really not a bad seat in the house since it is "theater in the round" style seating. Though the view can be somewhat obstructed unless you sit forward in your seat in the first row. If you are in the Mezzanine and want a drink from the bar, you will have to walk down or wait for a vendor with cans of what I am guessing was beer. However, they do have a short intermission to run to the restroom or freshen your drink. It is general admission seating, which I was not a fan of since I was the first person there for the 9pm show on New Years Eve, but because they do 30mins of lobby time so you can buy drinks at the bar, people starting lining up at the stairs and then literally "one upping" one another until we literally were elbowing each other at the top of the stairs. My suggestion to management would be if you are going to seat Southwest Airlines cow-herding style, then at least have some method to the madness because it honestly got very cutthroat for those coveted front row seats! Other than that, I had a great time! They even cleared the dance floor and put up a DJ so that people could ring in the New Year after the show ended at 11pm!
Ahh this show is great! I didn't really know what to expect going into it..I read a few reviews on here but I really just thought that it was a racier version of Cirque du Soleil.  I was wayyyy off on my guess. La Soiree was more of a burlesque/circus/side show entertainment type of show than a dance/acrobatics/cirque show. There's definitely some aerialist acts, but on a smaller scale. It was pretty racy so I wouldn't do this as a first date and I wouldn't go with your parents, unless you want to feel uncomfortable. No kids should see this either. The theater itself is small. I was surprised to see how small it was when we entered the seating area, but it's kind of nice that it's more personal rather than some huge production. My bf and I got tickets off of LivingSocial and it was totally worth it. There are no bad seats in the theater since everyone sits fairly close to the small, circular stage. I did notice that there's an act dealing with water, so if you sit in the first few rows..you might get wet. They provide a plastic tarp for the first row for this act but they were definitely still getting wet. Also, there are 3 bars within the theater. Buyer beware that the drinks are not cheap. A full cup of wine is $14. They also sell popcorn and snacks. The acts were all amazing and hilarious. I was entertained the entire time..it didn't feel like it was 2 hours long (with intermission). They had all walks on life on stage and it was awesome. They also interact with some audience members, so beware if you sit in the front few rows! Highly recommend!
La Soirée is delightful. I was a little apprehensive about going because I see a lot of burlesque/aerialist/variety shows, and I wasn't sure this would measure up. Imagine my glee when a large bearded man in a frilly robe entered singing "Nessun Dorma." Le Gateau Chocolat was regally weird and set the tone for a wonderfully absurd evening. If you expect to see some flesh, the male acrobats will not disappoint. At one point, the acrobatic duo the English Gentleman stripped down to their sock braces and Union Jack boxer briefs, and Steven Williams' bathtub aerial antics were quite thrilling. I'm a married woman, so I'll just say that I have gazed on the beauty of the abs God hath wrought.  I was kind of surprised that there was only one naked lady in the show, but her number will have you wondering, "Where is she hiding those scarves?" Also included in the evening's entertainment: some pretty insane swallowing of sharp objects, the most work I've ever seen an audience member have to do onstage, and the best juggling-while-lip-syncing-to-Queen you've ever seen.  I never knew what was coming next, but I loved it all. There's nothing else quite like it. Just a word to the wise that general seating is first-come-first-serve, so do come in a timely manner if you want a good seat. The first couple of rows are in the splash zone. Go see it while you still can!
Just a terrific show and worth every penny! If you enjoy burlesque, humor, and Cirque du Soleil then this is a must see show. It's only running for a limited time at the Union Square Theater so go see it before it leaves. It's performed in an intimate setting as the stage is elevated in the center in the round. There is really not a bad seat in the house and you can see everything as the acts occur on the stage, up on the piano, and around the audience. The show is also very audience interactive so be prepared to possibly participate if sitting around the stage. The results were often hysterical. In fact, the whole show will have you laughing througout and in awe of the talent involved. It was a solid two hours of amazing entertainment. Music, acrobatics, feats of strength, comedy, and more. Pro tip - search for a discount code online and get tickets at half price! Makes it even more worth seeing! There are expensive table seating and posh tickets but not worth the extra cost to me. GA seating around the stage was just fine. Be aware that this is an adult only show, so leave the kids at home! There is subjective language, some raunchy comedy, and even some full nudity! There is also a bar in here to get your drink on while enjoying the shenanigans. Amazing show and terrific way to spend a night. All the acts are funny, talented, and even sexy. Eye candy for both the guys and gals to enjoy!
If I had seen this before seeing Absinthe, I would have given this a higher score. The Absinthe show in Vegas is very similar, but so much better. I loved the Gymnast acts in this show, but thought the comedy acts were nothing special.
I absolutely loved this show!  Our friends recommended this show and we decided to see it to celebrate Valentine's Day. The performers looked like they enjoyed performing their sets. The puppet set was my favorite! Too much fun! the acrobatic sets were amazing!  The hula hoop set looked fun!   The only complaint I have was the Gloria comedy portion of the show. She didn't do anything spectacular of exciting. It felt more like buying time to let the other performers recharge. The audience looked a bit uncomfortable as they didn't know what was going on. That's why I can only give La Soiree 4 out of 5 stars. Had it not been for her, it would have been perfect.
I went to this show expecting very little.  Partially because my dad suggested this as a family outing (really dad?!), and the other part of me feared there would be people in clown make-up so I'd have to run out of theater crying hysterically.  No worries people with coulrophobia!  There's some clown music but that is all. The show is entertaining, hysterical, contains men with very little body fat and excellent core strength, talented singers, shocking moments, and lots of fun, fun, fun!  There were some cringe worthy moments but all in all, a great time.  Oh, there is full nudity so those who are more conservative have been warned. The theater's relatively small so any seat's a good seat.   Those in the front, could potentially get wet.  The actors do try to address the whole theater but sitting on the side near the entrance, you should be able to see people's faces.  It is not stadium seating but the performers are on a platform.  It also helps if the person in front of you is short.  There is balcony seating but don't know what the view's like from up there. Enjoy the show =-)
La Soiree is a good time when you're looking to do something a little different and a lot of fun! Just be sure you're comfortable in your relationship as the male performers are absolutely shredded.  They will either remind your date that she can do better or get her hot and worked up leading to a really good night.
Call 911 because I think La Soiree killed me!  This show is like nothing I have ever seen and maybe that's because I have been wading in the kiddy pool of entertainment and this show is a definite adults only pool party.   The performers are all amazingly talented and from what I can tell from all over the world.  Just when you think these pros have done the single greatest feet in the world they will do three more even better.  Like the ads around town say it is impossible to explain and I really don't want to give away any of the shocking, hilarious, and thrilling surprises you will encounter at this show. Lastly, just one word, bathtub....(swoon!)
What a wonderful show. I laughed the entire time and had such a blast. The performers are funny and talented. They really give you a show worth every penny of the admission price. Note: they serve wine and beer throughout the performance. Also there is some nudity. I really thought it was great! Go see it!
Second time seeing la soirée tonight. I hope all my friends get to see this wonderful show before the circus leaves town. This time I went with my boyfriend and two guy friends (both straight fyi) and they all loved it. My boyfriend said he hadn't laughed this hard in awhile. The show changed a little bit from when I saw it last. I loved the bearded lady. Omg her voice was fabulous. I couldn't get enough of it. She did her own rendition of a (spoiler alert) radio head song and it was to die for. Her voice is strong and soulful. All the other characters had me laughing just as hard as the first time even though I already saw it. I would see it a third time. Everyone please support this fantastic show and help yourself to a truly entertaining night.
My face still hurts from laughing and smiling so much tonight.   This was one hell of a show.   I am already making a list of upcoming visitors that I want to bring to the show. More later, but want you all to run out to buy a ticket.   What a freaking blast.   I wish they would show a reel of everyone's faces as they were watching the shenanigans going on.   Unreal.   Sexy, racy, hilarious, beautiful, risque, impressive, the list goes on an on.   GOOOOOO to this show!
I bought 2 tickets for myself and my boyfriend for his birthday. We had recently been to Queen of the Night, which was absolutely amazing, and we wanted another fun and immersive experience. I shelled out $180 per person for the "posh" table. First off, the posh table means they give you 2 small airplane sized bottles of champagne. It took them 20 minutes to bring those over. As for the show...it was cool, but not amazing. It doesn't compare to Queen of the Night or Cirque Du Soleil, it's sort of a C-Level Cirque Du Soleil. There were a few funny skits, and overall it was entertaining, but definitely not worth the money. As a New Yorker who has been to lots of shows, this is one I would probably not recommend to friends.
"La Soiree" is such a wonderful show! I would go back for the bath tub act alone. It's why I went in the first place, actually, and I was not disappointed. ;) The show was entertaining and sexy (so, SO sexy) and I'm always impressed by the sheer power and strength it takes to do some of those acts. Audience participation added to the hilarity of acts that called upon it. I had trouble catching my breath, I was laughing so hard at one point. The performers picked some good audience members who were such good sports. I felt like it added to the camaraderie amongst the audience. There were some jaw dropping, "omg is this really happening?" moments, that had me looking around to make sure I wasn't alone in the reaction - I wasn't. I really love the set up of shows like "La Soiree," with its ringside seats around a small circular stage, because of the intimacy it provides. My friend said, as I was unabashedly pouring popcorn into my mouth, that it made her feel like a girl from the depression era who got to go to the circus for a day. Hmm... I enjoyed "La Soiree" so much that I'm planning to go back with friends for a girls' night. I agree with other reviewers that GA ringside seating is the way to go (who doesn't want to be closer to the stage??), and looking up discounts online would help greatly. You don't want to miss this show! Check out this picture, I mean, review on NYTimes. To borrow from LMFAO, "Girl, look at that body." ;) (The review does talk about each act so if you want to go to the show not knowing much about it, then you should just look at the picture while you purchase your tickets.) nytimes.com/2013/11/08/t…
Super Raunchy! It's a variety show with plenty of talent, humor and vulgarity and not to mention six packs left and right. Go with a date or a group of friends but not your parents!
The venue is very intimate. The performers were phenomenally talented . Overall an impressive show!
La Soiree is sexy, sassy and straight up FUN!  I was fortunate enough to attend a promotional event prior to the show where I had the pleasure of meeting a couple of the producers.  These amazing individuals put together an absolutely, unbelievably, beautiful show!  Complete with an amazing cast of performers and an outstanding crew, this ensemble will have you laughing hysterically, cringing with suspense and staring in amazement during each one of its talented and impressive acts.  Each act brought their own presence and personality to the stage and I absolutely loved every minute of it.  Perfect combination of cabaret meets burlesque meets the adult circus sideshow. If you are looking for a fun, "adult" night out then La Soiree is a MUST see for you!!  I am definitely looking forward to seeing this again!  I just have one question after seeing this show....  How in the world do those English Gents hide all those muscles under those shirts!?  ;-)  Fantastic show...  Hope you all enjoy La Soiree!
The write up in a NY guide at our hotel seemed good so we took a chance. Decent size theater. We bought the $58. in change seats up at the top. We could see just fine. They were gen. admission seats and I didn't realize it. We both loved the show. Their were some really fine looking men with the most muscle definition I have ever seen. The guy that did the bathtub act was so hot! To us he alone would've been worth the $. The show had an awesome hula hooper, singing puppets, a funny juggler, and liked I mentioned sexy half naked men. I know you will love it too!
Hilarious.  Very New Yawk!  Just don't be too repulsed by some of the vulgarity.  It is all in good entertainment.  I really like how the comedians/actors were able to engage with the audience.  Very good rapport.  Lots of laughter from the crowd.
Had such a great time would love to go again . I would deff tell others to go if want to enjoy a nice comedy and fun acrobats
I squirmed, gasped, laughed, and sang along! Went last week with the boyfriend and had a great time. It was a cool and unique variety show with a Queen sing-along at the end to finish off the night. I would highly recommend this for people who are looking for a fun date night or night out with friends!
The show was very entertaining and a lot of fun. We had second row ringside seats but the theatre is pretty small so there really are no bad seats. There was a variety of performances and much humor but I do have one complaint. The performer they call Amy G who was probably the star of the show, very funny, did voices, characters, and sang. But there was about a 5 minute stretch where I got a little uncomfortable with the 'I just got back from abroad and they think Americans are idiots" comments followed by a kazoo rendition of America the Beautiful blown out of her private parts. What was that? Very disrespectful! A very unnecessary moment at an otherwise spectacular show. 5 stars down to 3 for that one!
We got our tickets through Goldstar and thought the show was great. We went to the Sunday 5:00 show so wasn't in the drinking mood. The crowd was a bit mature( 40s+) and the show was definitely a bit risqué. Had a pretty good time and would recommend but not for full price.
This has got to be the most homosexual circus on the planet. I was looking for a mix of sexual beings,preferably female,but umm no. There was a lot of sexual undertone and gay male bodies. Not that this was bad. It wasn't. The show makes you laugh and gasp and cringe. They had great energy and did some things that if not executed perfectly would surely have resulted in horrible deaths. My wife and I were in the front row and I really wanted to run away to the bar once the knife juggling started. And I must say that the young sir in the bathtub was mighty good looking. So if your a gay man or a straight woman that doesn't mind looking at some strong gay men do splits in mid air and such this is for YOU! If you're a man and not confident with your sexuality stay at home. Lol
Having already bought tickets, we ventured out on one of the recent snowy nights and naturally felt a little "blah" when we arrived. Any negativity melted away soon as the show started! I think it's important to understand what you're getting in to: this is a variety show, much more vaudevillian than burlesque. The performers are demonstrating unique talents, usually with either an air of humor or a touch of sex appeal (ok, more than a touch). I'd guess we were laughing 85% of the time, clapping 10%, and "ohhh!!"ing/"awww!!"ing the other 5. When it was all said and done we bundled back up and faced the chill outside in a much better mood than we'd been all week. Definitely two thumbs up!!
AMAZING! HILARIOUS! ENTERTAINING!  I could go on and on about how fascinating this show is. As soon as the ushers open the doors you can tell you're in for a fun experience. Their energy is through the roof! There was one intermission but apart from that it was awesome nonstop action. There's comedy, barely there clothing, crowd participation.... I mean what else do you want? Would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone ESPECIALLY THE LADIES! A few tips: first couple rows might  get wet (in more than one way), there is a queefing rendition of "America the Beautiful", I would not take kids to this show.
What a fantastic night out!  I had friends from the UK and Paris visiting.  This was such an awesome way to get people together to really enjoy something different.  What I also enjoyed was that the staff was super friendly as well.   There was so much creativity, humor, sex appeal and more.  This can really make a diverse group of people have a great night out.  I highly recommend it and this is coming from a bunch of hoteliers and other hospitality related professionals.
Absolutely fun! It was similiar to Absinthe from Vegas, but in New York! It was sassy because chocolate cake(?) I don't quite remember his name. They were really interactive with the audience which makes it ten times better.
Burlesque circus for adults only! The show is funny and provocative. There is great music and audience interaction. It's a small theatre so every seat in the house will be great. Sat at first row of mezzanine and it was perfect. If u sit in Orchestra, u might get wet and may be chosen to participate in the show.
FANTASTIC!! I felt it would be a good show, but had some doubts due to all the great reviews. It was excellent. Some good twists to old favorites and plenty of new routines. Very clever n well casted. Will definitely return for another helping!!
I was smiling and laughing the entire time. Cool gymnasts/acrobatics, comedy, great music. Adult themed but not OVERLY adult. I would highly recommend this as a date night.
This show was very entertaining and interactive with the audience.  I recommend it for those who are very open minded and are accepting of all.  This show is not suitable for children.
The show was great... won't give any of it away but that bathtub performance had me awwwing ... my eyes were fixed on stage I felt like a lil kid lol must see!!
Amazing! Definitely go! It's a circus for adults. There's nothing else quite like it. I went back a second time and it was just as good.
La Soiree was an exciting show that combined cabaret, circus & burlesque into one jaw-dropping package. I loved every minute of it and can't wait to go again.
Its impossible for your anyone to get bored in this. Flying around, hilarious song lyrics, funny antics, a juggler or two with hilarious comedy lines. Everyone who gets on stage does so with a deliberate intensity and confidence. So fun to watch, even the announcer is...well, entertaining.
Hands down, absolutely the most amazing show I've ever seen.  My husband surprised me with tickets on a Saturday night and we were both blown away by the entire experience.  The ambiance, the performers, the lighting, everything was spot on to set the mood for a fun and sexy night out.  Ladies, hold onto your chairs because some of the make performers will make you sweat!  Get there early to get the best seats and be prepared to be apart of the show if you choose to sit in the front row.   I can't say enough how amazing this show was, everyone go out and buy tickets now!!!
A Must See! Great show! Amazing performances! Fun environment! Not recommend for kids because it can get naughty.
This show was fabulous!!! Great entertainment, funny, great entertainment! Not for the faint of heart! It's naughty, but in all the right ways!!!! All seats are great, wherever you sit in the theatre! The show is 2 hours long and moves quickly. Each act providing opportunities to memorize or amuse...
"This is definitely a show that you leave the kids home for. It has everything that a circus, burlesque show, drag show, male and female revue would have and so much more. You can't even explain it. It's a fun and uplifting show! A show that you go with a bunch of friends and just have a good time. Have a few drinks and be prepared to be full entertained! "
This was an amazing show, I got a discount in groupon and was definitely not displeased at all, the seats were in perfect viewing distance. This was a mixture of sexy classy burlesque with some sexual acrobatic stunt men that had bodies of gods. I've never enjoyed a circus as much. Great for everyone except kids (since there is some nudity) very classy not raunchy. The men were absolutely stunning again. I guy who did queen was supper funny and had me laughing hysterically. All and all this was a great show!
A great break from traditional entertainment. Reminded me a lot of a Cirque Du Soleil  show I saw years ago at Disney World. The acts range from display of physical feats to some ridiculous cabaret by Meow Meow which I thought was fun considering she started the show and taking the audience from 0 to 60 when you're first up is always a tricky business. Full bar available which they encourage you to go up at any time and audience participation makes this a non-stuffy holiday option. Fun area too and much easier to deal with than Broadway.
Wow so amazing! Sexy sexy people! And the bathtub guy, drool!!! Amazing acrobatics and wonderful show! A must do with your girls, and a bottle of wine ;) We went for 20 at 20 broadway night so only paid $20 and got hooked up with VIP seats!
just amazing show!! We went there with a couple of girlfriends - we just could not stop laughing. The show by itself is the combination of the incredible and powerful energy, it keeps you involved during the whole show! Great actors, WONDERFUL, just WONDERFUL acrobats - and the staff itself is so friendly and helpful. Will definitely go there one more time. It is really worth seeing. Thank you guys for a great night and performance!!!
Highly entertaining. There is audience participation, mostly in the front row. Tickets are General Admission, so get there early to get your pick of seats, but theater is small enough that probably you can still get a good view in the back. The acrobatic performances were well done, one included use of a bathtub and there is splashing. The acrobats look like they have an 8-pack. There is a magic trick which I thought it was done by hiding the napkin in her clothes somewhere, but then her clothes disappeared, so that wasn't it. One act is riding a unicycle on the small stage with an audience member. Worth watching. Leave the kids at home.
Showed up at the show and got free popcorn for checking in on foursquare.   Nothing better than munching on snacks while watching a show. They also offered us to move up to the tables for a better view as their were open seats up there.  That was greatly appreciated. As for the the show itself it was great.  There were performances that wowed leaving you asking how those feats are even possible.  There were performances that maybe left you a bit uncomfortable (in a good entertaining way).  Some of them just left you crying of laughter.  I went through a long range of emotions that were great. I'd definitely recommend coming here for some good fun.
We had a great time at La Soirée.  It's mostly a comedy act, a sexy bathtub scene with a hot guy, and a couple circus routines thrown in.  There are a number of scenes where people juggle knives.  We paid $30 for our tickets and I felt like that was about right.  It's nowhere near the production or talent of a broadway show like Pippin.  Tickets are usually on sale at the tkts booth in time square or on broadwaydirect.com.
You absolutely have to go see this show. Tons of laughs!
AMAZING! Me and my boyfriend loved it! it was a lot of fun and has a very talented cast.  Don't think twice, go see it!
I saw yesterday's performance and it was probably one of the best shows I've seen. As the reviews say its hard to describe. But incredibly funny, entertaining,  and sexy! Basically just go!
Sexy, funny and very entertaining. I even got s lap dance from Chocolat! A great night and very affordable.
La soirée was amazing! Had a wonderful time. The show was very entertaining to watch. For any of those who aren't too crazy about audience interaction beware... The performers will come and grab you to go on stage with them! But it's all in good fun. The show is pretty quirky, I recommend it!
amazing show!
This show is a blast!  Perfect for a sexy and entertaining date night with your sweetie or a group of good friends; it is a very different experience than your typical off-Broadway show.  Crazy characters, amazing circus acts, naughty bawdy burlesque, all mixed up with a good dose of comedy.  It is a small stage and a very up-close and intimate experience (especially since we were in the front row).   Definitely not for the kiddies, but it is a fun time for adults with lots of laughs.  Go!  It is a racy good time.
La Soiree is a terrific show! Entertaining, awe inspiring and very funny. A great mix of circus and burlesque, and is audience interactive which leads to some hilarity. The venue is small and intimate which adds to the value of the show. There are two bars so you can enjoy the spectacle while sipping on a glass of wine or a cold beer. I highly recommend La Soiree, even better that you can get tickets at 50% off on Living Social (that's what we did). Go, you won't regret it.
Saw the show 3 times - First two times were great, the last time was horrible. Truly night and day. First of all, I spoke to John the manager of the show and had asked if my friend can be called onto the stage for one of the parts for their birthday. He assured me they would but instead they called other random people from the audience. When the show was over, he was of course, gone. In addition to his promise being empty, the show itself has totally new people and acts, and would you think i would be better, but they were all horrible. There was probably one act, the juggler, that was good. I would skip this show and not recommend it based on the new acts.
Combination of circus, acrobatics, comedy and audience participation. Great show for girls night or boyz night. Very sexy shirtless men. I bought discounted tickets but would have come either way. Seating is first come first serve so get there early for seats close to the front, and take a shot before coming in ;)
INCREDIBLE! We had a great time! Unfortunately the show stated it was 2 hours, but for some reason our performance was only and hour and twenty minutes ! That's a huge differnence in my opinion.  We expected more and definitely wanted more.
I loved it! this show is so good and I really reccomend it. I was laughing out loud many times and with the option of buying a whole bottle of wine just makes it so much better.
One the best shows I've seen in awhile. This is a circus cabaret. The theatre is small which makes for great seats all around. With a typical circus performance you are typically far away but this was intimate with the performers being very close and interacting with the crowd. They called a few people up to participate. From the UK brothers balancing acrobatics to Mario who loves Queen and is a sick juggler to the twisted sister trapeze pair and the burlesque dancer with the extra hand to Chocolate the opera singer in drag singing Rihanna's Umbrella in a tight "Riddler" onesy - I was awed and laughed my ass off. They also serve beer, wine, champaign and popcorn. You can smell the popcorn everywhere and it adds as a multiplier to an intimate circus environment. Not for kids but definitely an amazing experience. For the ladies - the guys are in ridiculous shape and perform without shirts - so there's that. We saw the Friday 10pm show. WELL DONE!!
fantastic show. i went in not expecting much, but, boy, was i surprised. i don't want to give any of the show away, so i'll keep it short and sweet. GO SEE IT. you won't be disappointed.
What a great show. Impressive, funny, talented performers. Big wow factor for the men gymnasts. Didn't think it was at all too risqué, the anti Amrican bit was stupid, and out of place.
Very entertaining show. Yes it's raunchy so if you're not up for off colored jokes and sexual innuendoes then you might want to pass. I found it to be all In good fun and a hilarious date night. Great acts...would def recommend seeing.
Such an amazing show! Don't miss this it puts magic mike to shame. It's like a sexy circus full of fun characters and an interactive environment. I will be back for sure! Fun for all adults women and men a like!
The gymnasts were definitely easy on the eyes, but none of these acts really seemed original.   The gymnast routine we have seen at other shows, the bathtub/ ceiling acrobat was spraying people in the front rows, the juggler was mildly entertaining.   We might have actually seen better at Caribbean resorts.   We were so bored we walked out at intermission.
If I were reviewing just the first La Soirée show I saw, about 3 weeks ago, the review would have been 5-star - just fantastic - witty, sexy, entertaining, fantastic gymnastics.  But, really looking forward to going again, I went last night.  That was, alas, a meh show.  Several of the wittier acts were no longer in the show, and there wasn't anything replacing them.  There were two rather pathetic kind-of strip acts, unlike the witty one we first saw.  Several of the repeat performers seemed tired - could have been exhaustion, boredom, snow.  If last night's show were my first one there wouldn't have been a second.  Acts do change so maybe in three weeks there will be another 5-star version.  I doubt I'll be back, though.
Just got come from the theater and could not wait to share how truly incredible this production is. Absolutely one of the highlights of the season and worth every penny to see. It's sexy, sassy, stunning and absolutely hilarious. There is something for everyone and you will cheer and applaud the whole way through. One of the most entertaining and exhilarating evenings I've had at the theater in recent years and I can't say enough good things about it. I went with two friends and we all loved every minute. Not appropriate for young kids but fine for late teens and for anyone who loves to laugh and can appreciate tremendous talent. Really so worth seeing for date night, night out with friends or even alone, although better with someone to talk about it with afterwards. Don't miss it, it's truly that good!!!
Amazing! A must see, one of the most entertaining shows I've seen in a long time! We loved it
Great show, very entertaining!
This show was hilarious! Mooky was my favorite part. Her clowning skills matched perfectly with the melodramatics of theater. The English Gents and Hamish McCann's Singin in the Rain bits were perfectly choreographed and made me skip the McDonald's Dollar Menu that evening for supper. I couldn't believe how many muscles they have on their chest alone! Meow Meow was INCREDIBLE - she reminded me much of Sally Bowles in CABARET. Her voice is phenomenal, but her comedic timing and modulated use of her voice's highs/low was comedy at its best. Ursula Martinez's Hispanic Routine in Act 2 was a delight -- I think what I love most about this show is that you don't get one style of comedy but ALL STYLES of comedy. There's clowning, there's stand-up, there's slapstick, there are the punchline type of jokes, there are crude sex jokes, there's wit. It's everything you could ask for an evening out on the theater and it's something all of my friends could enjoy.
go. go. go. I want to go back.  Talented, funny, quirky, risque and plenty of room for audience participation.
Awesome, awesome show! This was on my list of must see's and I luckily saw that they had tickets on Groupon!  A group of 3 of us went.  General admission for ringside seating. I feel like you will have a great view wherever you end up sitting.  We were in the area in front of the tables. Bartenders and everyone that worked there was super friendly.  The show itself was great and impressive.  My friends have never heard of the show before, so they were very impressed with it and couldn't stop talking about how good it was after. Good adult humor and the guys have wicked hot bodies!  Would recommend and would pay full price for this show.  It was disappointing because the website does state that the show is 2 hours long with intermission, but it was only like 1 hour and 20 minutes or something. Still worth seeing though!
It wasn't 4.5 stars for me. Parts were enjoyable, others were Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Some of the acts are A+ - particularly the gymnasts Posh seats are a must.
I'm pretty late on this review I attended on Valentine's Day. What made this 3 stars was definitely the graceful butterfly as I like to call him with his radiant orange hair who created art during his aerial hoop segment. It was definitely beautiful and riveting as he performed all types of swoops and moves on a hoop in the air, it was probably my favorite piece . I also enjoyed the two men who performed with one another and did all sorts of gymnastics tricks.The gay bunny was not my cup of tea or the woman who was apart of the comedy segment , there was also a very skinny guy who took off his underwear until he was bare and I definitely appreciate nudity but it was not too pleasant to look at . There was also a very athletic guy who danced with sheets in a tub of water that was artistic and the ladies loved it. If you can get the crowd going there is opportunity to become apart of the show if you are chosen to act out scenes and provide humor to the guests . Several other acts include the juggler who also includes fire , the hula hoop girl, and I can't recall the others. Would I attend again probably if the acts solely concentrated on the gymnastics and aerial performances .
